Hello everybody. Hope you're doing well. Good to see you all propaganda, psychor, shadow, rye.
Uh, Skymer AVCP. We're back from our sojourn into the outside world.
The beautiful world of Wonka. And now we're back in the studio. Good to see you all Sobriety
Entity, Reverie, Wolf, Matlin, Dial, Junk Dog, Gearless, Joe, Nomad, Sponge the Reefer.
It's so many of my favorites in one place. How could it be?
Is he ta- are you talking about me? I'm in one place. And wait a minute. I gotta turn really quick.
Just one second. I need to turn my body.
Just a second. Um, there we go. This feels more correct to me. This is right.
Some what? Some live producing from Pepito. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
With case think of outside, I was as surprised as anyone. I was shocked. Not that shocking.
It's shocking. Never would have thought he'd do it. Freaky. Uh, okay. Disgusting.
What? Horrible. Horrible. Awful. Nasty. Going outside? I love it.
What? It's so good. It's filthy. Huh? I like how nasty it is out there.
What? I like it dirty outside. Okay, Pepito. Anyway, good to see everybody.
Yeah, good to see. Good to see you all. My nasty dog, Pepito.
Um, Pepito likes it dirty and nasty. Yeah.
Pepito does want to go outside. Always. That's true. I mean, I'd rather be out
there right now. Just not a hole in this wall. As far as I'm concerned,
bash this wall up. Pull me outside. Me, me outside. Me outside. What? What is with you today?
I'm in a mood, man. I ate a bunch of yogurt that was under, um,
I ate a bunch of yogurt that was under a chair. What? Yeah, it was all, it was black.
Pepito, that's pure mold. Yeah, it's some pure mold. And it tasted great. And
how it feels weird. Okay, man, that adds up. Yeah.
Let's see what's going on in the world today, I guess. Let's find out.
What did I say? Oh, yeah, Seinfeld. Do you believe that Seinfeld is still saying stuff?
Still the king of comedy? Shapeshift Twitter must make, uh, make me sound insane.
If Shapeshifter's by the way. Shapeshifter, I can see you, and I can see you on Twitter.
You can't hide from me just because you're on Twitter. No one can hide from me on Twitter.
The announcing B movie, too? I don't know. It's people seem mad at him or something.
I guess we'll figure it out together. Let's do a little bit of news.
Turn around one second. I do feel I'll turn it around.
What? I just feel I'll turn it around. Okay, scrump. I mean, you gotta fix this for me.
This might be a theme today that a lot of us are all turned around.
Oh, I feel better. What the fuck? I had to turn really fast.
But I feel better now. You look good. I look good. You look good.
We both look good. All right, scrump. Do you not want to play your song?
I don't want to play. I hate music. Please don't play my song.
Can we just not?
So bright in here now.
And funnel web subscribe. That's great. Funnel web subscribe. 18 months?
18 months? No, that's insane.
I hate this. Stop it. Why do you? I hate music. It's a waste of our ears.
Stop this sound. Okay, I'm sorry. I hate it. Why do you do this to your ears and
sensitive skin, sensitive skin? I can feel the vibrations of the tunes on my skin.
I can feel the vibrations of the tunes. The tunes are all over my skin and it stings.
You, man. What do you even know? It's exactly what it sounds like. It stings.
Sorry, the studio is having a little tear in reality. Just one second.
What the fuck? I don't like that language out of you, scrump.
Oh, what are we talking about? Seinfeld comedy? Obviously comedy is dead.
I haven't laughed in. Have you ever laughed? No, I was born after comedy died.
I lost the ability to laugh. Well then, weren't you alive when Seinfeld was out?
Yeah, but I didn't have a TV yet, so I've never seen it. But I'm a huge fan of Seinfeld.
One of the only comedians left. You said you'd never laugh.
But if I were to laugh, I don't think I'm that close to the mic.
But if I were to laugh, I suspect Seinfeld would be the one to do it.
Okay. So anyway, let's figure out, I guess, what everybody's upset about.
Maybe we start there. Okay. Was that just a smile? I did not smile. What's his deal?
Whatever he's talking about, he's probably right.
If you're able to judge Seinfeld's comedy taste case, I would never profane
the great name of Seinfeld with my own judgment. But let's see what he's got to say.
Nothing really affects comedy. People always need it. They need it so badly.
And they don't get it. It used to be you would go home at the end of the day.
Most people would go, oh, cheers is on. Oh, mash is on. Oh, Mary Tyler Moore is on.
All the family's on. You just expect it. There'll be some funny stuff we can
watch on TV tonight. Well, guess what? Where is it? This is the result of the extreme left
and PC crap and people worrying so much about offending other people.
When you write a script and it goes into four or five different hands, committees, groups.
Here's our thought about this joke. Well, that's the end of your comedy.
They move the gates like in the skiing culture.
That wherever they put the gates, I'm going to make the gate.
And he's correct. I don't need it. I can quit this stream whenever I want.
Shapeshifter, go ahead. No, Shapeshifter, stay. No, flee while you can.
I'm strapped and the hype trains also arrived. Well, I hate to back up Seinfeld's point,
but we do have to go to the hype train. Killing comedy one train at a time.
So you agree with them? Again, I've never laughed.
And I'd assume if I could put on a show that no longer exists, you could still watch those.
No. They're gone and Seinfeld also doesn't exist.
My point is that come back to me later. I have a lot to say.
You have a lot to say about this. I have a lot of opinions on comedy, which I hate.
You hate comedy. I hate it. Go to your little train.
All right. I guess let's go to the train.
Um, the hype trains here. The hype trains here, everybody will see how he's doing.
Mr. Train, can you behave yourself today? Is that a possibility?
Yeah, come on. I think I can.
Sorry guys. The hype train is a little bit extra today.
He's extra hype today.
Seinfeld quality says this train is proof comedy is not dead.
Damn it, Seinfeld. Don't encourage the hype train.
What? Why not?
Why not?
Jesus Christ, hype train, can you just relax for a second?
Obviously, I can't have this kind of appeal.
Don't relax for a second, but I am getting empowered by the incredible
of this half-high, the 14-bar train.
Yeah, I get you. Maybe the hype train should sing Bilbo Baggins or have a
noggling? Yeah, yeah, that sounds reasonable.
Yeah, give me my Bilbo shit. Give me a Hobbit beat.
Give me a beat from the Shire. While I'm still alive, baby, I gotta get it in.
Hobbit trap beats to study too. We down in the Shire today, baby.
Ooh, Bilbo's on a journey, everybody.
Hyde train on the track. Hobbit on the track. Hobbit on the track. Hobbit on the train.
Bilbo never fail. Bilbo got on the trail with the best pay.
He's got a little hobbit. The evil say stop it.
But the hobbit said we won't fucking stop it. The evil's gonna stop it.
We gonna pop it, pop it, pop it. The hobbit's in front of the track.
And the hype train on the track bringing the fact the hype train on the attack.
Blah, blah, blah, where the hype train at? I'm here.
No fear.
Hop train like a hobbit. I'm in the clear.
I got a ring. That's the shit. I used to steer like this, like swerve to the
rice, swerve to the left. Hobbit in hype train.
You know that we the best. We the Gandalf on the top with the staff.
You don't stop. Hop it. Hop, hop, hop, hop, hop.
Yeah, getting into it. Case can tonight.
So I got into it for one second. Case is fucking into it.
No, I'm not. You seen it with the fight. I'm a little into it.
Case again. So into it. Yeah.
That hype train is complete. But you know, I can't die from that.
Hype train gonna forever stay in the streets. I'm not dead. I'm alive.
A lot of hype train for one day.
This is a brief hype train, but it was a lot of hype train.
Yeah, there are too many hype train colors.
There were way too many hype train colors.
What the fuck? Oh my God.
What did the hype train do to us?
What the hell is up with me?
Okay, Jesus Christ case.
That's a lot.
That's a lot of facts.
What the fuck?
Ah, stop that.
What's with this? What the shit?
Don't enter the you got to stay out of there.
The hype train was just in there. There's residues of hype.
They're fought. What the hell?
I'm fucking ghosting out.
Case held. I'm ghosting the hell out.
I'm not chita. This is not correct.
Oh my God.
What the fuck?
Oh, my graphics suck.
Hey, so you got to fix.
What the shit?
I'm huge now.
Shit.
I told you, there's residues of hype train radiation in there.
Oh my God.
I can feel the power flowing through me.
And it kind of doesn't even feel like you're doing this to me.
It's not me, chat.
Hype train residue radiation.
Wait a minute.
Is that?
No, I didn't say that.
This is actually not that.
Is it?
No.
We're going back to scrum.
We are in the middle of talking to scrum.
The hype radiation residue is powerful stuff.
Exactly.
I mean, I was just trying to do some news here.
But it's just so goddamn hard.
Scrum, I'm sorry for interrupting you so much.
You can continue whatever you're going to say.
I have nothing to say.
Settle, you wanted to come back to the story.
I never said that.
You just said that.
The thing about Seinfeld.
Oh, so you do have something to say about it.
Oh, scrum.
You have an opinion on this.
Oh, um, yeah.
Comedy's done.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
That's what you already said.
Radiation sounds.
I'm not saying you're not tricking me, Matt.
There's no way for me to prove that this is radiation.
It's billboard top 20 on the radio activity chart.
Yeah, exactly.
Are we talking about radiation or are we talking about comedy?
Maybe neither.
Honestly, scrum, maybe neither.
You got to pick a lane here, buddy.
I want to know what you want it.
You're about the comedy thing, I guess.
Okay, anyway.
Oh, Kendall's here.
Kendall's here.
What's the matter?
I have no idea how to edit the walk experience video.
I don't know how to start it.
Kendall, you stay right there.
She didn't like that.
She didn't like that at all.
A lot of the other things.
I'm sorry.
You tricked me.
Oh, you want that?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay, okay.
I can do that for you.
Okay, okay.
I can do that for you.
That's what I want.
What do you want?
The other thing from today.
Oh, I guess I could load that.
I downloaded, I'll show you this chat.
What's that?
Let's pay it.
This is the thing I downloaded, weirdly not for streaming,
but for a video I'm making with the boys, with the SIG boys.
Let me see if I can load it.
I didn't realize it was like a...
Can you just put it there and then...
I gotta load it.
It's a whole thing.
Oh, okay, never mind.
No, no, no.
It's coming.
It's on the way.
It's all good.
It'll take two seconds.
A clip of Christy of the Oompa Loompa.
Wait, may I...
Climb and sleaze you.
Start with a loud yow from Chucky the Funk Wizard.
Oh yeah, we can talk about our walk experience.
So far what I have is...
How I went from this, and it's me going,
what is there to do here, to this,
and then I want to do like a montage of all the things that happened, you know?
Yeah.
Um, she's not working.
I think you probably can't do it.
I give up?
Oh yeah.
I think it's because you're...
Oh man.
I don't know what he's doing.
Oh, nothing?
I give up, yeah.
But basically I was trying to show you that.
I downloaded a VTuber Studio, but it's not working.
As if I needed to be any more VTuber than I already am.
Um, point two second clips of random points in the trim footage set.
The thrash metal works every time.
Yeah, I was thinking that too.
Like it progressively gets crazier and crazier.
I don't plan on using that on my stream, by the way.
I've downloaded four different things.
Out of all the experiences you've been to,
abandoned warehouse and a scheduled part of LA,
where did it rank overall?
It was good.
It was solid.
Honestly, my expectations were so low
that I was and I ended up being in a good mood
that they had anything to show us.
I literally think that's exactly what happened.
Is it an event I would recommend outside of the context
of streaming to a hundredish people
that know exactly what they're getting into
and are having kind of fun with the chat?
No.
Like I think if I'd just been there by myself,
I don't think I would have had a good time.
But I think streaming it was actually pretty fun.
I think just like any, all these experiences are this exactly.
You have to go there to make a decent content.
You know what I mean?
You just don't go there to go there.
You go there with a game plan.
That's also nothing against the performers.
I thought they were all having a good time
and I was having a good time watching them.
It just was like, it was a very odd context
for like watching a show.
But because I felt like I had something to do there,
it made it very fun.
Yeah, it was like a local art show,
but that was there.
It was kind of making fun of the idea
of doing a local art show.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It was a great idea for putting out a Friday show.
Yeah.
I'm still curious how much it's linked
to House of Illuminati or how much the original one was.
We kind of couldn't tell what the deal
with the people putting it on was
or how tied they were to the original.
We also missed the very beginning.
Zero, okay, zero.
Oh, okay.
I was like, we missed the very beginning of the Q&A
and someone asked if it was actually meant for kids
like they're rolling.
I don't know what the answer was.
Yeah, some people,
they were talking about how they thought
I didn't get this on the stream,
unfortunately,
but about how they thought the original
kind of just got the wrong audience.
Like maybe the original was also supposed
to be some kind of weird irony laden event.
It just got way out of control.
I just don't believe that.
Yeah, based on his apology about it,
I'm not sure.
So I don't know.
There were some split feelings on it.
I think there was some confusion from the attendees
about what the event was,
which I still have obviously.
Are you guys saying the original one was a parody too?
It was a reimagining like the whiz.
Yeah, I think it's worth giving it that much credit
propaganda.
Original was like Tennecon 2.0.
I don't, I think it, I can't, I can't tell.
The OG was not a parody.
Yeah, I mean, that was my read on,
from reading the original story
that it was just like a kind of scammy event.
But how I can't quite tell
The original was all AI generated.
That doesn't strike me as parody.
Well, the promotion was AI generated.
You know, the reality of it was a bunch of like
store-bought costumes and some cheap props.
I bet the art around it.
The art around it was just AI generated.
Like the art in the event,
like behind like the walls,
like the walls they put up.
I bet you that was AI generated.
Yeah, a lot of great time.
Yeah, we had fun.
And then what comes out of the watches
on the way there, I was like,
this is going to be terrible.
And on the way home, I was like,
that was pretty good.
Original was AI scripted.
Yeah.
Although honestly, I don't even know
how much time that saves you
in the script server,
as simple as they seem to be.
Cart King says,
the original was a real attempt
by a guy who thought he was a party planner.
Who also thought he could be
mayor of a small Scotland town
and before that scammed town
out of $1,000 in COVID relief.
Thousands, sorry, thousands.
Okay, yeah, that sounds,
that sounds,
I, that sounds correct.
And not my brother says,
scam, imagine the royalties they paid
Shalamade used just like this
in that AI art.
Oh, guys, one other thing.
For the next time we'd,
I do a IRL stream.
I ordered a gimbal last night.
After watching a couple seconds of footage,
I was like,
Wait, I have a gimbal.
Yeah, but I don't want to have to bother you.
No, I have a gimbal for the phone.
Now we have three gimbals for the phone.
Oh my gosh.
They literally owed three.
Like the little 360 thing?
Yeah, we do attach your phone to it.
And that has like the motors and stuff.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I have, it's like two DJI.
So the good news is,
the good news is we have three gimbals.
So there shouldn't ever have to be another.
I think you could refund it right now.
I could return.
It's getting delivered today.
Because we could use.
Osmo mobile.
That's what it is.
Yeah.
It looked like it would just be easy.
It wasn't that expensive.
It wasn't like insanely expensive.
Yeah, one for,
maybe I'll just save it for a few.
I don't know when she comes back.
You can't give her as a present.
Yeah, I'll save it as a gift
for somebody when they need it.
I got like the something or other 360.
I don't know.
It wasn't that expensive in it.
You could two arm it
and then have one right at the top of your head.
Oh yeah.
I do think the event last night
would have been a great place for like,
coming in with like eight cameras on your body.
I think that would have hit the,
hit the vibe pretty well.
There was, there's one person on TikTok
who has like pretty good numbers on her videos,
but she like showed us nothing.
I'm really sad about it.
If Kettle wanted to,
she could have taken over the
Wonka TikTok content game.
I think that girl had the right idea.
She basically recorded something
and then posted it immediately,
which is very smart.
Yeah.
Get it while anyone's talking about it all.
When is Fiona going back to LA?
I'm not sure.
You know, she's doing stuff in New York.
I haven't seen who says Fiona in New York.
Oh, she's already here?
I haven't heard from her in like a week,
so I'm not sure.
Yeah, I'll text her.
I'll text her and say,
what's the deal?
Where are you at?
Fiona's in LA.
Are we sure she's in LA?
I like to look in the club.
Fiona is in LA.
Honestly, why isn't Sleazy is saying it?
Then yeah, she's here.
She came back like Friday or Saturday.
I see.
She's still busy being a lesbian at large.
It takes a lot.
Wait, did you not do the pod today?
No, I think we're doing it tomorrow.
Oh.
I think.
Oh.
Look, we're in a,
we're in a busy period.
The cohesive cream team, I guess,
where I'm not sure what the schedule is.
But someday, I suspect we'll be back on a normal schedule.
Fortunately, I'm still in my voluminous studio.
Gassam's in his backyard just waiting.
Yeah, but that's just his life.
The podcast we did, at least on the discord,
say it was going to be on Tuesday.
Um, but yeah.
You know, one of these days,
we'll sort out communication and professionalism.
And by that, I mean, I will sort that out for myself.
Maybe.
Maybe when I'm 50.
Right now, I'm still a young mid 30 year old.
That's I'm plenty of time to figure out life still.
Okay.
Um, what are we doing?
What?
Uh, whatever.
Scrum, I don't know.
Anyway, comedy died.
He's right.
He said it all and there's not much more to say.
I look surprisingly healthy for having gone to the Wonka experience.
But you don't see my insights.
I ate three of those jelly beans.
Are we talking about comedy or not?
I don't know.
Scrum.
There's no comedy you like.
So I don't know how it ever died.
It died.
Um, back in the day.
Okay.
What your comedy used to be a guy with a big nose on stage farting.
When was that?
Like the 20s.
You weren't even alive for that.
Exactly.
It died before I came to life.
You came to life before I came to life.
Comedy died.
Used to be a man on a stage.
He'd have a twisty cane and checkered pants.
He'd do tap dance and during that tap dance, he would flatulate.
And the crowd, which was all men in their 40s drinking whiskey, would do this.
They'd go, and that was comedy.
And now comedy is dead.
So Scrum killed comedy.
I maybe I did.
Maybe my coming signals its end.
And since then, anyone who's laughed has been lying to themselves.
Well, anyway, I don't know.
Okay.
I think Seinfeld sounds a little bit like a curmudgeon.
And he's complaining about comedy being dead.
But Caribbean enthusiasm literally just wrapped,
which was basically like Seinfeld 2,
from the guy who seems to be the actual comedic force behind it.
That show also, Seinfeld also wasn't funny.
Caribbean enthusiasm wasn't funny.
Comedy died in 1922.
When a man named T.B. Raghamuffin
farted too hard and died on stage.
And then farting on stage was banned.
All of that is made up, Scrum.
Nope.
It's real.
Everything I just said is real.
And when I read that in the history books, I understood why I've never laughed.
I do think it'd be nice if Mash was still on, though.
It was a powerful story about what it's like to cook during a war.
Microphone 900, thank you so much for keeping yourself barely informed for 17 months.
17 months.
What?
What an amount.
Is that you trying to summon enthusiasm, Scrum?
Let's just see y'all.
All right.
Well, I guess that's the Seinfeld story.
I guess that's the whole thing.
Sorry.
We kind of broke it up with a train and then a Wonka thing.
But if you're tracking it, Seinfeld said comedy is dead.
Scrum agrees.
And I'm agnostic on the existence of comedy.
I'm not sure.
Do I agree with statements like this?
Rich comedian near the end of his lavish life says that comedy is dead.
Has Jerry been to a comedy club in Oakland lately?
Giggle trash.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
Well, yeah, he's still out there hitting the, he's hitting the clubs.
It is really funny having watched Chicago, like especially stand up in Chicago for 10 years
to hear any famous comedian be like, you can't say anything anymore.
When I literally spent the entire 2010s plus just watching
often white guys on stage say the worst things about people.
And it was completely fine.
And no one, they basically never got in trouble.
Basically.
Basically.
Basically.
Headline, headline Seinfeld blames not being funny on the world by death of comedy itself.
Well, he's a Pop-Tart.
He's now he's into Pop-Tarts.
Well, that's a good, that's a strong shift.
It's like the shift of videos.
It's just smart to shift to Pop-Tart.
He's made the shift to Pop-Tart and I for wanting him in full support of this brave
man who also recognizes that his craft ended long ago shifting to Pop-Tart
to make serious films about Pop-Tarts.
How do you make a serious Pop-Tart movie?
It's serious business.
You can choke on them.
You can choke on any food.
It's serious stuff.
All right.
Well, thanks for your insight on this.
And I'm actually the most qualified person to talk about this.
No one understands comedy better than a man who can't feel it or does.
It feels as absence at least.
You know, if you want to understand how a ditch feels,
you don't ask a guy who builds skyscrapers.
That doesn't make any fucking sense what you just said.
And back to you.
Also usual start to the stream.
I'd say that man get that man anti-depressants.
Oh, he developed an immunity a long time ago.
They did it.
He's actually the, he's a human placebo.
They use him in trials to fill him with drugs,
but it has no effect, confusingly.
We are going to do a a biden town hall today,
but maybe we'll do a little,
we'll do some other stuff before then.
In fact, there was a call to send it to the streets yesterday,
which is a little close to a town hall.
So maybe we'll save the streets for tomorrow
just so we don't burn you guys out on asking questions.
Maybe today we'll start things off a little munch and crumb.
You know, those scores keep getting closer
and then slightly further.
It's a real will they won't they situation.
And I'm curious to see how it resolved.
So let's send it straight to them.
It's time for munch and crumb.
I can't believe scrum has a full-time job here.
That's honestly a reflection on how great I am.
I'm a job creator.
I'm a job maker.
I'm invited him on instead of this guy.
I proved that he was the superior person with C-R-U-M in their name.
And now he's a fixture on this network.
I'm proud to see it.
Everybody loves him.
They love him more than you.
And you should be as usual, completely ashamed of yourself.
And honestly, you should leave.
Let me turn around really quick.
Let me just turn around right quick.
Let me turn around right quick.
Everybody's all turned around today.
So let me turn around.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Fucking applauding this man.
What the shit was that?
I had to turn around.
Turn that frown vertically up horizontally upside down.
That doesn't turn the frown around in that case.
You turn a frown horizontally upside down.
Wouldn't it just change sides of the frown?
And now it's down.
And it's good to see you all.
Oh my god.
Everyone is sick today.
I think fumes are released in the studio.
I don't understand what's happening.
Everybody's game is off.
My game's never been off.
My Game Boy is on.
My Game Boy never runs out of batteries.
It's playing Bubble Ghost 24-7 and I'm about to pop.
What?
What are we debating today?
Um, turn your frown hole inside out.
Microphone at 100.
Thank you so much for the 750 bits, by the way.
And the 17 months.
In case Case missed it.
17 months that he's been doing this.
I think I've only been doing this about a year.
Well, it looks like you've been doing it for about 200 years.
You look like a fucking ghoul from that game that Case has been playing.
But like they just slathered him in mayonnaise.
I look like a mayonnaise slathered ghoul from Fallout.
Yeah, you do.
Like they filled in all the ghoul holes with mayonnaise.
Uh, Chrome, when are you gonna get your frown hole turned out?
That's a good fucking question, ShapeShifter.
Probably every day by himself with a fucking pumpkin.
You think I fit a pumpkin inside me?
I think it's an unlucky pumpkin, but I think for a country pumpkin,
you getting on top of that pumpkin.
I'm not even from the show.
Jerry Seinfeld vs. Larry David?
Oh my God.
Obviously Larry David.
Oh, Seinfeld, the show is named after an absolute cultural legend.
His style, some people may say that it's played out,
but it's only because it was show iconic that it's been copied a thousand times.
Seinfeld, easily.
Oh my God, please make this.
Ew, what you?
I mean, he's like the ghostly reflection of fucking Larry David.
It's like Larry David pitched up his voice and stripped away the charm.
Uh, oh no, my cereal got spilled because Kramer came in.
That doesn't sound a fucking...
That does not sound a thing like Seinfeld.
Did I just get you so upset that you had a normal voice for a second?
We have a mod that doesn't remind me of that poll,
or you can do some fucking work.
That was my Seinfeld, not Ray Romano.
It barely shouted like either.
Sounded exactly like Seinfeld.
I'm Seinfeld!
Oh no, Kramer!
My ass!
My ass got set on fire, Kramer!
What the hell are you doing?
We're trying to debate here.
What are you even talking about?
The poll is up.
Look, I understand Larry David has had a sort of a broader cultural output than Seinfeld,
who since Seinfeld has for some reason only done B-movie,
like two episodes of 30 Rockin' Now a Pop-Tart film,
but you can't deny the legacy that the Seinfeld franchise has created.
Banger after Banger episode, a headline to buy him.
It's his name in the marquee.
I'm sure Larry David had a big hand,
but don't just throw the baby out with the bathwater.
Why are you always trying to kill babies with bathwater?
It's just a saying for the 10,000th time!
Disagree with him not all you want,
but you have to admit that for the comedian he is,
there's possibly no more famous comedian
and no more financially successful comedian.
I know that's not necessarily a measure of success than Seinfeld.
You just fucking undermine your whole point
in the middle of trying to make some stupid ass point.
Obviously, Larry David,
he's clearly the creative force behind that show.
When he made a show without Seinfeld,
it was arguably even fucking better.
It felt like you were mainlining that shit
after using a cut product for 10,000 years.
Oh, you got that sweet fucking feed drip of pure Seinfeld
via Larry David in a vastly superior show.
When Larry David complains about comedy being dead,
at least it's fucking funny.
When Seinfeld does it,
it sounds like he's on fucking Ben Shapiro.
Who I respect, what the hell?
I usually got as a negative example.
Obviously, I respect every conservative commentator,
but I'm just saying Seinfeld sounds like one of them.
And for a comedian, that's kind of fucking lame.
Which side are you on here?
I'm on the side of Larry David, okay?
What the hell?
How is this this close?
Because the show is called Seinfeld!
And the most famous show is called Seinfeld!
And the most famous comedian,
I'm sorry, Larry David, very successful,
but he's nowhere near as famous as Seinfeld.
It's simply, wait, Munch is conservative?
Yes!
Don't let him confuse you with his weird bloviating.
Well, I'm sort of beyond conservative, actually.
I'm more of a fundamentalist.
I'm a rock.
I'm part of the rock party.
And I want a rock.
And more than that, I want a munch.
Where are my fucking fireworks?
Did we cut the firework budget?
What the fuck?
This is so lackluster without that shit.
Oh, your victory turns to sand in your mouth
due to the lack of fireworks.
I just heard firework.
And what the fuck happened?
I'm not mad.
I'm saying cool.
I'm not blaming our beautiful cast and crew.
I'm not blaming our incredible audience.
Obviously, I'm not blaming y'all.
Love y'all.
I love you.
I love you, audience.
Come here.
Come real close.
I love you.
He's conservative.
In a confusing way to be clear.
But you are.
I'm not.
I am.
But the cool type.
There is no cool type.
I'm based, as the kid said.
I'm home base.
I'm a home run.
I score.
Update to fucking score is the point.
Stop trying to pin people down with labels.
I thought this was a country where you could say
what you think is free to express yourself in a country.
What is a country where you're free to express?
Now everybody stands a chance.
Marketplace of ideas.
92.
You're sick.
Everybody's sick today.
That's what I was saying, but not me.
That makes me think of that senator
whose Twitter account has based in it.
Well, if base isn't cool word,
then I'm the cool version of whatever base is.
I'm the most latest version of the cool thing.
No, you're not.
You're a man who claims to be ancient
and claims to just outdated opinions,
but tries to dress them up in their own ego
so they sound excited.
That's all that you fucking do.
And it's only cool when I do it.
That's not what I...
That is what you do.
Well, we're done with the debate for the day, actually.
So I don't have to say anything to you.
I can just get my mouth and keep it shut.
What the fuck?
Unzip your fucking...
Oh, now it's open.
Now the mouth is open.
It was open for a sec.
Oh, you're already talking again.
Looks like you can't keep your mouth shut.
My mouth is zipped tight and locked.
What's that mime work?
Hey, you open your mouth after zipping it.
Then I think you either locked it...
I think you were attempting to throw away the key,
but it said it looked like you grabbed the lock
and threw it away from your mouth.
Okay.
So this is...
I'm going to zip it.
I have two zippers in the middle of my mouth.
Your mouth's at the end.
What is wrong with you?
My mouth is zipped shut.
Oh, my God.
You're still talking.
All right.
I don't even fucking know.
Play the song.
Just play the song.
And zoom...
Just zoom it away.
Zoom it away from me.
There we go.
At least Crumb is graceful.
You should see this man dance to rap music.
I wish I've seen it, unfortunately.
And then talk to me about graceful.
I dance like a swan in a ballerina.
We're birds by zoos.
Powerful and graceful I am.
You're not graceful.
I love you all though.
Obviously, have a beautiful day.
We'll see you soon.
Grace and beauty.
That's what we do here.
Race and beauty.
I'm beautiful.
Well, I had a megaphone in my throat.
What?
I ate a megaphone earlier.
And the receiver on it's really watching my esophagus.
Oh, my God, Pepito.
Stop eating all this stuff.
I can't help it.
It's a madhouse around here.
Okay, I can't control what he eats.
I'd love to.
But he can open doors.
He opens doors and he picks locks.
I eat a lot of lock picks.
I just cross them up and then I pick the lock.
You shouldn't be able to do that.
I pick it with my little teeth.
I wedge a lock pick between my teeth.
How?
You have such spread out teeth.
They're big lock picks.
Cross them up.
I pick the lock.
Ever seen that video of the kid who inhaled the squeaky part of the squeaky toy?
I don't know.
That sounds like a recall.
Pepito, force the mic down by eating some more slippery mold.
Oh, is there more mold?
I thought I got it all.
I've been licking under every chair just to be safe.
That's the opposite of safe.
No, I mean a lot of I don't find the mold.
Okay, Pepito is the calmest Chihuahua you've ever seen.
That's because I'm part.
What?
I'm part Viking.
Like 50% Chihuahua, 20% Labradoodle, 50% Viking.
Math doesn't add up.
Okay, well whatever.
Um, we're going to do a town hall.
Oh, we are?
Yeah, we're going to do a town hall, I think.
I don't know if it's going to work.
It barely worked last time.
Um, so let's just run it back.
You know, when you do a thing and it barely works,
I just got to run it back.
Uh, anyway, Biden agreed to do it this time.
President Joe Biden.
It's the president.
You're not impressed I got the president?
No.
Oh, well it's him again.
Okay.
Uh, you can ask him any question you want.
And, um, I'm assuming he'll give a presidential answer.
Let's give it a try.
Let's at least give it a try, Papito.
Before you decide it doesn't work at all, give it a shot.
In fact, I should make sure it is working at all before I switch to it.
Which comedian more cool?
Oh, there was a poll and I missed it.
Sorry about that.
Oh, wait, I didn't miss it.
That was the whole debate.
Uh-oh.
Hmm, are we still alive?
Maybe this isn't working.
Well, listen here, Jack.
Maybe this shit isn't working at all.
Well, we're going to try it anyway.
We'll just try it anyway.
Let's do what we always do and just do it anyway.
Um, okay.
And we're back.
The computer is like, this isn't a good idea.
Stop it.
Stop doing this.
And what do we say to the god of computers not today?
All right.
Um, there's a way for me to make this run more smoothly.
It seems like there's not.
My computer is definitely struggling with this one.
And it wasn't before making me wonder what changed.
Do I still have VTube Studio open or something?
Let me close a few extra programs here.
Let's call up Grimes.
Ask her to come fix this.
I really like that I saw that Grimes thing.
Because now every time I have tech issues, it really does.
It makes me more and more relate to Grimes every time.
The Grimes inning.
Let's reduce the quality.
Let's make it look even worse than it already does.
Today we're all Grimes.
Exactly.
Damn, there's no way to make it worse.
How about that?
Yeah.
Now it barely.
Oh, it's now it's chugging along.
I may have fucked it up though.
Yeah, maybe we shouldn't do this.
Maybe this is a sign.
Maybe this is a sign that if I switch to this, my computer will actually break.
Let me check one other thing really quick.
This is how we build anticipation, folks.
Folks, this is how we build anticipation.
Oh, we're good to go.
I mean, it looks terrible, but we're good to go.
Okay, let's send it to our town hall.
It's town hall time.
Get those questions ready.
We're going to just hope for the best and expect the worst, like usual.
It's town hall Mondays.
It's a Monday town hall.
This town hall, give it up for yourselves for being here.
And the president of these United States, Joseph Baskin Robbins, is here.
Okay, now you can recognize that.
Let me know if you can hear my microphone got 06.
It got 67 plus two.
It got set away in a different place, but I feel good.
And I feel like I got a face.
How's everybody doing?
You hear me?
Okay, good.
I'm ready to take any question you got, Jack.
Well, I love to look at you.
I love the way you're looking.
I love to see you.
And I see you right there.
You got a question for me.
That's America.
If you think about it, that's America right here.
And I'm here and we're in the clear.
But don't go too far.
Stay near.
Mr. President, I'm pretty sure you're just rhyming, which is, that's, you know,
that's fair, but we do have a question coming in.
You there in the audience.
Yeah, you got a question for Mr. Biden.
And yeah, you got a Reginald.
Mr. Mr. President.
Oh, sorry.
Oh, Mr. President, what is the most challenging soup?
I struggle with soups quite a bit.
I'm wondering if you can relate.
And if you can, I'd love to know.
I read obviously I can relate to the dash slammer, jammy.
The worst soup is chicken.
But a full chicken filled with liquid.
You got a what chicken?
You cook it.
You cook it in a bowl in your oven.
You make it at it.
Even take a whole chicken.
You make it a chicken soup.
You take a whole chicken.
You put it in a bucket of water.
You put that sucker up.
I'll tell you what.
It's sometimes you come to it almost a whole chicken still in there.
Barely a soup.
When a loose meat, but not loose enough to not chew.
So whenever I try to eat a whole wet chicken,
I expect it to be liquid and it's not.
And I'd say that's the worst feeling.
When you get that whole chicken on the oven,
you've had it six hours in there.
Eating up in water.
You expect it to be a soup at that point.
And man, it never is.
It never is.
But that doesn't mean we don't try.
That doesn't mean we don't keep trying.
And I lied.
I'm going to keep trying.
Oh, is that true?
Is that is your question?
Um, no, no, no.
No, that don't only gets a soup.
But I will.
I'll just take my question back.
I'm just going to take my question back.
Never mind.
Never mind.
Never.
All right.
He's taking the question back.
Mr. Biden.
You ready for another one?
I stayed ready.
I still was ready as I'll ever be.
Which is as ready as you can be.
Yes, you there.
You got a question for me.
I do there.
Um, hey, Jack, do you, uh,
uh, do you prefer terrines or aspics?
Terrines or aspics, you know?
I mean, that's a really good question.
Uh, I love a good room temperature food for sure.
I like aspects because I mean, you doesn't like a nice shot of an ass.
Little apples and oranges for my taste.
A good room temperature jelly type food.
Or an ass.
Nice, a nice hot picture of an ass.
Like, be careful, miss.
I, I, my, my aid back there's ordering.
Yeah, I'd say I'd say if I, if I put gun to my head and I've had a couple, I'd say
aspic.
You could eat both.
You can eat enough pictures.
That's a meal, Jack.
Uh, not enough people are eating photos anymore.
Back in the day, World War Two,
when we're 2.5, you'd be hungry enough.
You'd have a picture of your wife from back home.
You're in the bottom of a submarine.
You got nothing to eat.
Your whole crew's been out of food for days.
You just know this guy named Nebraska Montana.
And he ran out of food.
He ate every picture of his wife, kept them alive for two weeks until he died of dysentery.
So I'd say, I'd say aspects for the visual and cause in a pinch.
You can jump on a nice photo.
I'll say, Mr. President, I was not aware of that.
Mr. President, what the hell?
Mr. President was, um, talking to the third person.
All right, who else has a question for the president?
We'll take a couple more.
Take a couple more.
Um, yeah, you there.
Uh, I can see your hand is politely raised.
That is what we request here is a nice polite raised hand.
Uh, do you have a present?
Do you have a question for the president?
And please just let us have it.
Your grandpa was tasty, tasty, tasty.
Who the Canada, Canada, Canada?
Have a bowl.
Oh, look, I'm going to be intimidated by spooky ghosts coming in.
I've seen you before.
I used to go to ask me about the death of my loved ones.
And, uh, yeah, sir, I remember my family tastes good.
I'm not ashamed to have a hot body that tastes right in your mouth.
A lot of food questions today.
And I like food.
So I'm out of, that's fine with me.
America.
You want food?
I say, what do you say, Mr. President?
I say, I say, what are you?
I don't think about lines.
Don't think my lines young man.
I say food tastes good.
And I could do food.
I like a good dude.
If you got a good dude that tastes like a good food.
And now we're talking, Jack and, uh, further questions.
Oh, you're done.
No further food questions.
It's time.
I'd like to talk more than jelly beans today,
because I've been doing some stuff for this country.
And, uh, don't, and I'm not afraid to answer the tough ones.
Yes.
Um, I've got another question coming in.
Uh, yeah, you're there.
You got to go.
You got to go to an aggression her me.
Hey, yeah.
Um, how much money?
Uh, do you spend on car insurance?
I don't drive myself, but I'm thinking about it.
I had a thing about it too.
I think about driving every day.
But again, behind that wheel of a powerful Model T,
a good nice Joe Loppy with a real, none of the bells and whistle spirit.
Every bell and every whistle comes equipped.
Now you can blow a whistle and you see someone crossing the street and you're
morning, yellow road, Jack.
I'm going to smash you with my Jalopy.
Wait, where did you go?
Tweet, tweet on your Jalopy horn to whistle.
And then you dink you ring your bells as you're going through to let the kids know I'm coming
through.
I got hot melted ice cream in my, in my back seat because the Jalopy hasn't come with a trunk.
So to answer your question, I spend every day with my car and I'm, and I'm, I'm more
than insurer at it's a beautiful American dream to be on the roads.
And that's why I'll keep these roads.
I'll keep them free, clear to bugs.
I'm going to stall, I'm going to stall fairings that blow away from my liais.
You can get bubs on your windshield or if you're driving a Jalopy, you ain't got a windshield.
You got a big open front.
That's what I believe in.
Sorry, I finished your sentence there.
Um, all right, let's take another one.
Let's see.
I got another hot question coming in.
Yes, sir.
Are you there?
What's the deal?
Joe, better condom, sheepskin or corn husk?
How do you keep serving me laps?
Are you flammaging them?
I call it a corn hub.
Cornhub.com, probably a corn husk needs official sponsor of the Joe Biden campaign.
Cornhub.com, run by Corn Hole, who's one of my dearest oldest friends.
And, uh, you know, no, spend money on a, on an expensive sheep when you can get a better corn.
And I've had some of the best corns on my cob that you can get.
You just pull that corn out, you eat the corn obviously.
Boil it up in your chicken soup, put it in there for a little flavor.
And, um, and you just jam the rest of that husk down on your parts.
Feels good for the lady.
Add a couple inches because their husks are big and nobody's complaining.
She's got to tie a couple rubber bands around the mace.
Keep that thing in secure.
And, um, your fuel is much that way.
You can last for 24 hours straight, ghostly, pumping away with a corn husk.
Yeah.
Can't say that I know.
Uh, can't say that I track that.
But I appreciate your candor, Mr. President, as do all of us here.
Thank you so much for your, oh, oh, no, there they go.
There they go.
They're going crazy for you, Mr. President.
Congratulations.
Your first applause break of the day.
Got another question coming in.
Guess people love corn.
Guess they love it.
Yes.
You there, sir, ma'am, they, person, whatever.
Got a question.
Well, what is the normal amount of times to have sex in a year?
What is the normal amount, Mr. President?
Nickelworth.
You ain't having sex in Nickelworth.
And you ain't getting your sense in order.
And you ain't sensing the feelings of loving.
The beginning of the year, me and my beautiful wife, Mrs.
We put out, we put out a penny jar.
We fill it with five pennies.
We say every time we have a penny's worth of sex, we take a penny out.
And for a penny and for a pound.
And that window will go until we feel like we've earned that penny.
We'll take a penny out.
We'll say we're almost done.
Four more pennies to go.
Usually by the end of the year, we've had five pennies worth of sex.
And then we get a gum treat.
We get to go to the candy store, pick out our favorite gum.
And then we chew on that gum till it's chewy enough to fix our shoes with.
Now that's just smart economics right there.
You're fixing your shoe with your sex gum because you had five pennies worth of sex that year.
And uh, she's a beautiful woman.
And God bless my wife.
God bless her.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
God bless her indeed.
Beautiful woman.
Everybody's a big fan.
Getting tired of the choir, Jack.
And talking to the director, Laoh.
That is like Melvin Alon and what the president says.
I really love the Melvin Alon.
Let's take two more questions.
Take two more questions.
I really appreciate how open and honest the president's been today.
Been very informative for all of us.
But we do settle down, everybody.
We do have to get out of here at some point.
Yeah.
Woo.
Mr. Biden in 2008, when you were Obama's running mate for the first time,
his slogan was change.
How many coins have you swallowed in your lifetime?
You know, I was against that slogan because,
yeah, I mean, I'm like, you want change, Jack?
Oh, my belly, like I'm a bear.
Like I'm a bear that ate your kid.
Take the change right out of there.
I'll probably walk around with a cool buck, 50 minimum in my tummy.
As I love a good coin.
You know, I find that I find a classic coin.
Anything before 1970, it goes, poppix.
Go straight down the poppa-papper.
I'm popping coins into my Tommy 24-7 like I'm a piggy bank,
but I'm more like a piggy Frank.
I've known a lot of Franks in my life,
and I ain't talking furters.
I'm talking my best friends and all of us chomping out on those coins.
It's just good sense.
And I believe in change.
That's why I pass it.
Damn near every other bowel movement.
Oh, I guess he's done.
Guess he's done with that one.
All right.
Let's take the last one here.
Take the last question of the day.
All right.
Let's take this seems like a pretty big one.
It seems like a pretty personal one.
So the kind of thing we've all been wondering.
Mr. President, do you still drive a Trans Am?
I'm not getting tricked by this.
That's the horse I rode into town on.
Oh, he's got me.
Listen, if a horse rides into town on Friday
and then the man rides out of town on Thursday,
he ain't tricking me.
He's been there two months.
And I listen, I'll ride a horse into town.
But if you want a Trans Am,
then you better have a radio going
and that horse don't kick.
His horses don't come with radios.
That's why I drive my Jalopy like I said earlier.
I came in at town on this horse, but he misbehaved.
And I had let no horse act up on me jackness,
why I gave him six sugar cubes.
I said, you ain't allowed in my Q&A.
And somebody let him in anyway.
And but I believe in forgiveness
and I'm ready to squash this beef.
So if you're ready to call a sailor,
if you're ready to call a sailor a boat,
then I'll call a boat a car.
And then we'll sail out of town together.
And I say, I forgive you, horsey.
Wow, it was impressive.
Okay, well, I look, I mean, I think that's all the time we got.
Hey, you know, me?
What did I do?
It's because I did a bad job.
Did I do a bad?
I did a pretty bad job running this.
Oh, look, it's over.
So just calm down, everybody.
I can't.
I'll be winners.
I did the best I could.
Can you at least give it up for the horse?
Can you give it up for the horse?
Please.
Please.
The best we can do.
The best we can do.
All right, let's get out of here.
That's another time off.
Successfully, we learned everything the president thinks.
And now you're going to make it into this little nice informed decision.
And that's what we're all about.
You're thinking so much for your time, Mr. President.
Hey, how do you say you can't waste time?
Is that a cycle 100% of my time?
If you're going to ride a whole, you can play your time
whatever whole you want on a cycle that time.
And that's, oh my God, there's a ghost in here.
There's straight up a ghost.
Ah, no, there wasn't.
I knew there was one.
And I ran scared.
I had a friend and a ghost.
And I had a ghost.
Let's have a toast.
Oh, I'm in.
I'm in again.
Geez.
Geez.
Geez.
Geez.
Oh, I see what happened.
Oh, I see what happened.
Guys, the reason we were having issues.
As the reason we were having issues.
I loaded two Joe Bidens by accident.
I loaded two Joe Bidens by accident.
You hate it when that happens.
You hate it when that happens.
What do you mean to load one Joe Biden?
Straight up load two Joe Bidens?
Straight up load two Joe Bidens?
The president's not, the president,
he likes to play around like he's losing his mind.
But the fact that he just so perfectly mimicked my words,
not but seconds after I said them,
I think proves how mentally sharp he truly is.
And that's why he's got my vote.
That's why I'm a proud Joe Biden voter.
Hey, are you really gonna, are you gonna vote for?
I mean, yeah, I'm almost certainly who I'll vote for.
But you seem to make fun of him a lot.
Sometimes you gotta just, sometimes you gotta just vote for him anyway.
What is that kind of giving up?
No, it's, you know, it's the only option we got.
Oh, geez.
Yeah, he's got my full support.
He's got my endorsement.
That guy really has your endorsement?
Unfortunately, yeah, he does.
I mean, I hate so many things about him.
He's got my full endorsement.
Oh, geez, what am I voting for?
Cheese or cream?
What?
I ain't cream now too.
I guess that's not that unhealthy.
You know, I find like cream leaking out of trash bags,
the white trash juice, the creamiest of cream.
Oh my God, of course.
Yeah, you drink the white trash juice,
but a trash gets a hole in it at the bottom.
It leaks out the white cream.
That has kind of been a lot.
It has?
Yeah, I don't know.
Let's just do something rational.
I don't know.
Pepito eats you?
I don't know.
You're eating the audience, Pepito?
Maybe.
Are you guys tasty?
Well, there's a tasty in the audience.
I don't know what you're talking about.
That's fair, actually.
That is fair.
Let's do a little more news.
I don't know if we can say we've done any news today.
So we'll try to do one.
We'll try to do something approximating
news, and we'll just see.
Supposedly, an ancient mystery has been,
by ancient, I mean 20 years old, baby,
has been solved by porn,
as we're pro sex worker here.
Whenever porn solves a mystery,
we got a report on it.
So let's send it over to a little more news.
Here, fortunately, to establish little decorum for once,
it's me, I'm Jeff Ripple.
Oh, that's the only song you need on this stream case.
Maybe it is, man.
Maybe I'm coming around.
Yes, yes.
Name's so nice, you should play it every second.
What's going on?
What's the deal?
We're talking about porn as usual.
You've brought me to talk about porn?
I mean sort of, but it's a mystery as well.
Oh, I do love a good mystery.
What the fuck's going on with this?
There's a little mouse over there,
digging through Casey's trash.
If you hear any mouse trash noises,
I have a mouse in the studio digging through my trash.
Oh, is that Pepita?
Obviously.
Oh, well anyway, everyone knows that the internet,
where's my lower third?
Everyone knows that internet music mystery solved.
Wait, what?
You're stumped by this headline?
I'm a little stumped by this headline.
Everyone knows that internet music mystery
solved via 1986 adult movie.
Okay, so far so good.
It's a musical mystery that has been confounding
the internet for years,
but an ultra catchy 80s sounding song
that seemed no one could identify
has finally been tracked down
in a 1986 adult movie.
A snippet of the song known as
Everyone Knows That,
a low quality warped recording
that nevertheless showed off the song's
huge pop appeal,
was uploaded to YouTube in 2021.
All right, can we hear it?
Everyone knows that.
Okay, here it is.
Oh, okay, can we listen to more?
Please, not if that's the only snippet,
but if maybe we're in luck
and this story has solved the mystery.
Okay, a low quality warped version
which we just heard.
It was uploaded to Reddit.
Some 47,000 people became dedicated
to the quest in a subreddit community.
Theories abounded that the song
was a lost demo by artists
including Rockset and Savage Garden,
huge fan of both,
or had been written for a forgotten
advertisement.
The Guardian, Rolling Stone,
and Radio Force Today program,
I said that wrong,
don't say it that way, my bad,
were among those reporting on the search.
Reddit users began combing song
publishing databases for
Everyone Knows That
and its other guest at title,
Alterior Motives,
narrowing it down to a series
of rights holders from the mid-1980s.
You like the song?
Everyone Knows That?
I would like to hear a higher quality
version of it.
It sounds like thousands of other songs?
Yeah, really?
You were just read that in chat,
but does it?
I mean, a little bit.
So dismissive, Gaze.
Could you make a song that good?
I mean, definitely not.
I've proven that many times,
but it does sound a lot like other songs.
One user, South Pole Ball,
found that one of the listed songwriters,
Christopher Booth,
had written work for pornographic films.
Uh-oh, I bet he had to do his research.
And Dooley watched his overdue,
his ovoire until he heard the song.
I went through each video and watched them
until I found Angels of Passion, 1986,
to which I got to 10731
and I found EKT.
Everyone Knows That.
Okay, that is dedication.
It's not easy work.
It's hard work.
Very hard.
Extremely hard work.
Yeah, I know what we're doing.
I know what we're doing, too.
Everyone Knows That.
Also, I came a lot.
You think you came?
Yes.
Okay.
Both seem to corroborate the discovery,
posting a picture of the original YouTube upload
to Instagram and writing,
Well, today my mind has officially been blown.
Brain, he's getting brain.
His brain was popping.
The video with the porn audio
is posted in the backfeed thread.
Everyone Knows That found in full?
What was that?
Kendall's sitting right next to me
and the hair clip just exploded.
What is going on with you?
It's a loose.
We're loose today.
The day we're really loose.
I don't like,
I don't want to read this story
and have you say that.
Well, here's the original, I think.
Okay.
A little quiet.
All right.
Can we play this?
Can we play this case?
It's so quiet, though.
I got this turned all the way up.
What a hit.
It's still, the quality is still not very good.
Well, you know, it's
Kendall, you want to hear this?
What are you looking at me like that?
I'm just dancing to the song.
It's got a vibe to it.
I'm vibing out.
You think this is the speaker they played it out of?
Uh, no.
This is the perfect mall music down to the moaning.
This is how most malls I've been to sound.
What kind of malls are you going to?
The kind, the cool kind for hot people.
If I could get banned,
I probably would have already, right?
No, you could still,
it'll happen one of these days.
It's a bop.
Everybody's saying it.
It's art.
This is an original track with backing by
Moaning Myrtle from Harry Potter.
Yeah, Moaning Myrtle from Harry Potter.
Sorry, Harry.
Yeah, Harry Potter.
Oh, Moaning Myrtle from Harry Potter.
Yeah, the little known, not exactly spinoff,
but alternate version of Harry Potter.
Harry Potter featuring Moaning Myrtle.
Exactly.
She's providing backing vocals for this.
Moaning Squirtle.
No, that's from Harry Prater.
There's too many of those.
Jesus, this is really long.
We're almost there.
We're almost there.
I don't think we need to hear this whole thing.
No, and yet we did.
Did someone die at the end of that porn?
Ah, that might have been added.
I'm hoping that was added.
I think that was the sound of success.
Actually, you know, that adds up.
That's kind of how it sounds when I, you know, like artillery?
If you're man enough, every release sounds like a war crime.
Jesus Christ, Jeff.
Not acceptable.
I did a bad.
Stop being a bad, Jeff.
Okay, well, anyway, she points out that the EKT is the most visible
manifestation of the Lost Wave movement,
which collects dusty, forgotten tunes,
recorded from the radio, perhaps,
or buried in a folder of old MP3s
and tries to put a name and artist to them.
There is another unidentified song which has been called
The Most Mysterious Song on the Internet.
Wait a minute.
There's another mysterious song.
The Most Mysterious Song on the Internet.
That's not the right song.
The Most Mysterious Song on the Internet.
Anyway, calm down.
Let's just listen to it.
Oh, okay.
The Most Mysterious Song on the Internet.
Oh, God, this one's really loud.
Is this that mysterious?
I'd say we can get a copyright strike,
but nobody even knows where the song's from.
It is throwing out that you would spend so much dedication
trying to find, like, a song that just sounds
so much like other songs to me.
Every song sounds like something else.
It's about that commitment to fandom case,
something you'll just never understand.
Conan is stalking you in a mall?
Yeah, if we get a copyright strike,
we will become famous for solving this mystery.
Solid logic on not getting a strike.
It's like a Smith's rip-off or...
Let's stop it just for now.
You don't want to give away the mystery.
The Smith's rip- whoever this is off.
Maybe this is the John Smiths,
and they were first to America.
I don't know.
I'm stretching.
The full version of the song credited to the booth
and his brother Philip can only be heard alongside
the movie in question accompanied by carnal sound effects
leading to hundreds of requests
for an original version to be released,
a re-edited non-pornographic version
without the sound effects,
but still in low fidelity,
has been created by admirers in the meantime.
Yeah, but you're losing all the juice then.
Yeah, I mean, I think they're trying to lose the juice,
but I love the sound of that juice.
You doing okay, Jeff?
Everybody's in a weird mood today.
And I'm not immune to the juice.
Okay, well, um, what do you think of the songs?
I thought they were bops.
I thought they were bangers.
I didn't even mean to.
But everything I say about this music makes me think of sex.
That's because it was in a porn.
Yeah.
Whoa.
It's a hot track.
Even that it's a hot track because I guess like,
like I feel sick.
I feel sick now.
I had too much fun and I made myself sick.
So I gotta go.
But there you have it.
The mystery has been solved.
Um, you know,
sometimes the closer you get to something,
the more you feel it.
You sort of feel the ground undulating.
You could call that a ripple.
Well, the ripple is in full effect.
You felt the ripple.
The ripple washed over you.
And now the ripple is moving past you.
Why?
Because I am then back to Jeffrey.
I feel weird.
I do feel weird today.
Okay.
We made us have to pay for the suit and the pool photo shoot.
That's quite the sub goal.
Ooh, maybe we make that a big sub goal.
Suit and the pool photo shoot for Casem?
I guess I could do it.
But I like the idea of a nice wet Casem in the pool.
And Fiona's probably already in a pool in the suit.
That's just how she lives her life.
So that's just easy.
You just grab an iPhone.
Did Oompa's Loom-
Did Oompa's Loompa's role play last night
and been news tonight?
It's been a fine week.
Yeah.
We've had it all this week.
The Glasgow, but LA experience.
Um, that whole porn song we just,
sorry, normal song with normal backing track.
That we just listened to.
For feet of chute, but everyone would need to be suited up.
I mean, I guess we can ask Fiona to take
some hot ass pool photos.
And I can just throw a Snapchat filter on
to look super ripped.
That's the power of technology.
Or just, um,
Photoshop my face onto some guy in a pool.
Basically got it.
Hardcore corn music.
Hmm.
From the heartland of America.
Only the finest corn music.
All right.
We've been going for an hour and a half.
It's considering doubling up today,
being a little cheater,
and also playing some follow up.
Whoa!
Microphone at 100 with a 1,250.
Gotta love bitties.
Feed me bitties in all my holes.
1,250 bits.
Thank you so much.
Unlocking the incredibly secret,
definitely for real Kevin voice.
Very nice.
Let me do like you that.
I need a celebration song that isn't tied
to other people.
I was just going to play a song to celebrate,
but all I have is Chet song.
And there's nothing wrong with it.
This is the celebration song for the ages.
I noticed you very judiciously avoided
saying the word Skies.
I mean, you just said it.
I can't say it myself.
God, this song is an absolute bummer.
And I don't even mean that like a porn thing.
I mean, I mean that it what the fuck.
Oh shit.
There's still hype left over in here.
This is, oh my God.
Just a glance.
Beautiful.
Oh shit.
All right.
Got a hard goal in a small lesson.
The power of Skions doesn't wonders for me.
I understand, Chet.
You know you're in for a good time.
I understand.
Let's, um, I'm right here.
All right, fine.
We'll do a little Skions before we leave today.
Oh, or a trend.
Oh, you're generously giving up your Skions time.
Well, I have to walk all the way to my Skions lab.
And I'm kind of here right now.
Soaking up the train hype radiation.
Okay, well, we'll kick it to the movies then.
Shit, I feel like I'm being such an altruist right now.
It doesn't feel like me.
You know, trailers.
I do kind of like trailers.
All right, well, we'll do some trailers then.
Let's send it over to Trent.
Well, honestly, something's just fucking like you.
What?
No, he doesn't.
Let's send it over to Trent at the movies.
I mean, why would there ever even be a question?
And I don't sound like that old man to be real.
I've got a more dignified voice.
I got a different vibe.
I'm tired of case making these comparisons.
Sorry, let me turn around real quick.
Oh my God.
Everybody's so turned around today.
It's ridiculous.
You got to turn around real quick.
Look, look how easy this is.
The time.
Y'all are so fast when you want to be.
Fast when I want to be.
The story of Chris in the 1986 Naganoe Olympics.
I don't think that's right.
You don't remember 1986?
I can save whatever Olympics I want.
You wouldn't know.
I feel like that's very wrong, though.
Well, anyway, we're watching trailers today.
Chris is here.
He's my parole officer.
Dan seemed to get away from this guy.
I'm not holding you hostage, young blood.
The state is.
Yeah, the state's fucking after me.
I'm a reckless cowboy and my antics finally got me in trouble.
But I kind of am a freedom fighter if you think about it.
And I fight for my freedom every day by watching these trailers.
People are calling for therapy.
I'm not sure for who.
A lot of people could use therapy on this stream.
Some people say just one guy on the stream needs therapy.
What?
All right.
Anyway, if anybody had a particular person they wanted to see in therapy.
Lady Citrix, let us know.
Chris in the 1986 romance angels of passion.
I mean, I'm not going to say no to that.
Is that the therapy we need?
I don't think that's the type of therapy they're talking about.
Candle in therapy.
Oh, shit.
Kendall, you want to go to therapy real quick?
Yeah, you got to do therapy with yourself.
Okay, wait, a couples therapy then.
All right, we're going to send it to couples therapy and then I'll come back.
We'll send it off for the day with trailers.
But for now, let's send it over to couples therapy for case and candle.
I think this is really what their relationship needs.
I'm a casual observer, but you know,
I keep tabs on things.
Let's send it over to case real quick.
One second.
I got, unfortunately, I was already here in therapy.
Lucky me.
We actually have, you got to scoot in Kendall.
You got to get, you got to get close.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's great.
How are you doing therapists?
It's like a portrait from the 20s.
So I just have the sneaking suspicion.
You need to turn around Dr. Chath.
See, my feeling is that my therapist just reads chat, Kendall,
and that he's not actually doing any work,
but the therapist claims that they are.
I don't know, but I'm curious if his wife will also only read chat
or whatever his therapy partner.
Also, you do need to turn around Dr. Chath.
Man, how are you going to do this?
I think Dr. Chath brought his assistant or his sorry,
his co-therapist and all that that therapist would have to do
is read chat based on what I know about Dr. Chath
or that other therapist could be completely silent.
If they don't want to play along like even, you know, 10%, that's fine.
Sorry, he's trying to fix something.
I think I think he's got a, he's stressing out
because he's, he's looking like a fool in front of his partner.
Just one second.
Okay, there we go.
You're finally ready, Dr. Chath?
Damn, he thought he was ready.
Yeah, okay.
Oh, wow, he said something.
All right, 2v2, me on the field of a basketball.
What do you think he means by that?
I think he means that in a relationship, it takes 2v2 people,
so we need to find another couple to be in life.
Oh, like swapping.
No, versus.
Oh, versus, like enemies.
Yeah.
So case, we heard Kendall say last night
that she would take chocolate from a stranger's mouth.
How does that make you feel?
Well, it wasn't any, it wasn't just a stranger.
I mean, it was.
It was an oompa-loompa.
It was an oompa-loompa.
I can't provide the same things that an oompa-loompa can provide,
so I feel like there's got to be a limit to the fragility of my male ego.
Yeah, but I feel like you held me back.
But I didn't see...
I think the oompa-loompa misread me as being the jealous type,
whereas I'm actually kind of the freak type.
Part of me feels like it was a terrible choice on the oompa-loompa
because I felt like respecting you instead of me.
That was a mistake.
If you were respecting me, he would want you straight to my face.
Some people would argue that it was respecting you
to not assume that you were into it.
But that's people who don't know oompa-loompas or Kendall's.
It was oompa-loompa on strike.
Yeah, the oompa-loompas were on strike.
I guess Dr. Chath tuned in.
Which South Park character do you most identify with?
Do you call him Kenny?
Are you saying Kenny just because of the 80s and 10s goals?
No, just because he sort of loses a lot.
He dies every time.
This is where we differ because I don't know the names
of South Park characters except for Kenny.
So we both have to identify with Kenny?
Not even Cartman?
No, I just know they all have.
One of them has like a hood.
If Case was a worm, would Kendall still love Disney?
Absolutely.
Even if I was a full worm?
Absolutely.
My love for Disney does not waver
regardless of the status of his body autonomy.
Okay, I guess in a way that's sweet.
Oh my god, they killed Case.
I'm still, oh, I think he's just doing a bit.
There's a war inside of you and they've started using chemical warfare.
Is that a question?
Aw, now that's true love.
I guess that was like a metaphor.
I have to ask why you brought me in here.
Well, it's couples therapy.
I mean, he's asking both of us.
You're in a hurry?
I'm in a hurry.
I think Kendall has to go.
If you gotta go, Kendall, you gotta go.
She's gotta go.
Oh, that's true love.
You already said that.
Does your fellow doctor therapist have anything to say?
That's crazy.
That has still stayed this filter.
Are you guys a couple?
So what, was that like a professional kiss?
Aw, dawg.
How much would you sell?
This is the last question, Kendall, then you can go.
How much would you sell?
Oh, how much would you sell Case for if times got rough?
Half a Disney ticket.
Half a Disney, that's like $60 potentially.
Two worms that was made out of one worm.
Half a Disney ticket and a horror worm of two combined worms?
Oh, it's just worms that was one worm that was cut in the middle.
Confused back together?
No, no, no.
Two separate worms, but it came from the same.
Oh, like two worms that grew back?
Yeah, it's like one worm and you cut it in half and then
two worms because that's how worms.
And you'd sell me for that?
Yeah, and half a Disney ticket.
Damn.
A Frankenstein worm, yeah.
She's selling me for $60 and a Frankenstein worm.
It's one worm turned into two.
It has become its own worm.
Two worms that have become its own worm.
Has its own body autonomy.
Has its own self-respect.
Has its own mouth and butt.
And that's two worms that came from one worm.
Is case just a pile of worms in a trench coat?
You hate to see this.
Is case you think I'm a pile of worms in a trench coat?
Okay, well Kendall, thank you so much for doing therapy with me.
All right, thank you.
Thank you.
I'll see you at home.
Okay, bye.
That is a little gross, Dr. Chath.
Is case a pile of trench coats in a worm?
How does that even work?
Power move.
All right, well, thank you so much for your time, Dr. Chath.
No!
T.O.S.
So it's too late for any of our T.O.S.'s.
Well, that officially solved all their problems.
I'm glad you called it.
Do you have a notebook Kendall can borrow?
No!
I mean, that's just, that's therapy, y'all.
Hahahahaha, ha ha!
Oh, ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Therapied.
That will be $400.
Thanks, thanks.
Thanks for everything Dr. Chath as usual.
Let's send it back, let's just send it
back to the studio.
What a weird energy, humans are odd.
I can't believe that's exactly what therapy is, but I learned I learned it from watching you
do therapy.
Yeah, sorry, I was I was running back from therapy. Kendall's also leaving for the day,
so I gotta say bye to Kendall. Bye bye, Kendall. You gotta go do a podcast. Kendall podcast. Goodbye,
Kendall. Goodbye, Kendall. She's over here now. See you later, Kendall. Yeah, she's really close to the
screen. That's why she's so big. I'm actually way smaller than Kendall. She's back here now. She just
got Kendall on the dream stream. She's probably she's always working at noon on weekdays,
just when we do it. That's when we do it. What's the podcast? Can you say, Kendall? Me? Yeah.
So it's like a reality dating show podcast. This is like, we're kind of testing it. It's I'm doing
it with Sage Ryan slash Pixel Circus. So like, if you guys want to watch the first episode of
Milf Manor, you got to join her discord and we're all gonna community watch it together and then
we're gonna film an episode and see how it goes. All right, join Sage Ryan's discord. I think
sorry, the Pixel Circus discord if you want to check it out. And also eventually a podcast.
Milf Manor season two. And if you're a Milf Manor fan, then you're getting it all. You're
winning today. Okay. Let me let Kendall out of the studio real quick. I'll be back.
You got to let your candles out. Okay. Let's end it with the movies today.
Trent's standing by. He doesn't even need his intro because he already got it.
So let's just set it over there. Brent, take it away. Shit, I forgot my hat. I look so
fucking lame without my hat. I gotta wear this stupid ass coat. Coats suck, dude. Coats are like
a necessary garment, Trent. Nah, fuck coats, dude. I wish all I had to wear was sleeveless
STs, not even t-shirts like, like, you know, the spaghetti strap ones, like straight up a
t-shirt that you like cut down the middle. Like you take an HPK Shawn Michaels t-shirt,
you cut that shit down the sides. Sorry, not the middle, down the sides, but like the middle
of the sides. You got like the full bod showing through the t-shirt. That's my kind of clothes.
What if it's cold out? Then you fucking man up. Trent's shit on the, yeah, you trying to do
your Dane Cook material? I don't even know who that is. You talked about them on this show
before. You can't prove that. Shit, I can't prove that. God damn it. Can we watch some
movies? I was trying to. Then someone had to do therapy. I got confused. I got a little bored
and I fell asleep. Oh, oh yeah, you were asleep for the last five minutes. Yeah.
All right, let's see. Trailer Thursdays. It is Monday, but don't worry. There's still
trailers. Oh shit, goat simulator three? Dude, I've always wondered what it's like for the goats.
It's like, I'm a person. We know, but what if I was a goat? Dude, you ever wondered that?
No. Dude, you got no imagination. I wonder that every day. What if I was a goat? Well,
I get to know. Oh, it's a journey through the time of goats. This looks sick. Maybe I am a goat.
What is this? Oh my God, we're in the future now.
Capybara. What the fuck, dude? They just blew my mind. I didn't realize the goat
universe and the capybara universe were going to collide. Oh, down goatable content. They should
say that, card king. That's really smart. Wait, young blood, those aren't two established
universes. That shows what you fucking know, dog. And I ain't not talking dogs. I'm talking
goats. Capybaras. Capybara. Capybara, capybara, capybara, capybara. My mind just got blown,
and the fact you can't share in this with me just proves that like, we're not even boys.
I know we're not. I'm like 30 years your senior. Well, debatably. I'm old and you're supposed
to be young, right? We're not boys. And there he goes and says it because he just
doesn't get me, dude. I just basically discovered that I am a goat because I'm into the same
shit as them. Jet packs, looking up the streets, getting hit by cars. I don't think you're into
any of those things, young blood. I also can summon capybara is exactly card king. But I
guess I should have known we're not boys. I mean, that's a thing you've said a million
times. I never thought we were. So it doesn't even hurt because I'm old and I don't need friends.
Dude, you just said more about you than you could ever say about me. Actually, I guess I'll
break down that statement. I just said it does feel a little, a little fucked up.
Look, can we just watch a Lion King trailer or something? Oh, shit. A savannah on the savannah.
I want to eat a little cat. Anyway, let's watch it. Let's watch it.
This story begins far beyond the mountains and the shadows.
How far? On the other side of the light. Oh, okay, that far. A lion was born without a drop
of nobility in his blood. Yeah, he's a lion. A lion who would change our lives forever.
Oh, it's Mufasa. That's why it's called Mufasa. I get it now. The earth will shake.
A savannah. Oh, good. Seth Rogen's in this. And Beyonce Knowles. Why not?
Based on the life of Lin-Manuel Miranda. I'm in. Jesus, there's a lot of fire.
It's not based on the life of Lin-Manuel Miranda. That's the story of Lin-Manuel Miranda.
He was, he was asked some fucking art school out a drop of art royalty in his body.
But then he said, I'm Mufasa and I will write the president a musical.
And then he became the king of the Leons. What is wrong with your brain, young blood? I mean,
just like absolutely nothing comes out of it. That makes a fucking bit of sense.
Hamilton was supposed to be starring lions. That was his first choice,
but he couldn't get them to stop fucking. The lion's too sexy. And that was inappropriate for
audiences of all ages. So then he picked rappers. The second, the next closest thing to lions.
I don't think he picked rappers. He picked like musical actors that could rap.
Saying the same thing, dog. And anyway, and now we've got Mufasa by him.
Are you sure he was even involved in that? Oh, it was with original songs by Lin-Manuel Miranda.
Okay. Well, what you said still doesn't make any sense. Dude, it says it right here.
Original last song by Lin-Manuel. Dude, I love that song where he's like,
how did a stone cold Austin down from Texas with a stunner become a stun dog millionaire or something?
There's just nothing for me to say to the stuff you say, young blood. It's just too stupid.
All right. Well, let's watch another trailer. That looks sick was my point.
All I was trying to say is that that looks fucking nasty. I mean,
in a way, aren't we all Kings who are born to die? And that is the story of the Mufasa Leon.
Lin-Manuel Mufasa. Let's watch.
Let's watch. God, John Travolta trailer. Oh, shit, the film cash out. Dude, I know everybody.
Look, probably maybe what we could watch is alien Rogan, Cursian official trailer.
But first we just do want to check out the cash out trailer.
It's like half of the title of one of my favorite apps. So let's see what's it. What's up?
Oh, oh, oh, shit. He's pulling the punch.
A whole lot of luxury vehicles out here. This one is priceless. Would you two like to sit in it?
Our heart is racing. Lights out starting. Classic John Travolta is back.
Down, down, now.
This FBI. How would the FBI know? Oh, don't.
Lampy's on. Watch this.
They never found the bodies in Miami. He's out there somewhere.
I might have another job lined up. Trust me, this is a big one.
No, no, no, no. After what happened, I retired.
What if I told you we picked up Chatteron Mason's crew?
You think they're planning something? Your brother got it from the city's front.
Oh, shit, insects in the city's in this. He needs your help.
You're late. I thought you'd be here sooner.
Really, Sean? Right on schedule. Here we go.
Getting in is easy. I say that every fucking day.
You're too damn close.
Hi, Mason. And that's what the ladies say.
Hey, Amy. Oh, wait. I'm happy it's you.
I just had to keep one step ahead of her.
This isn't going to end well.
You're trying to rob the most dangerous man in Miami.
We're going in. Go, go, go. Oh, fuck yeah.
They are not messing around. They want to kill all of you.
Okay, this is the plan. If I'm wrong, we're dead. If I'm right, we call the shots.
I got a walkie talkie that explodes. Hell yeah. Dude, fucking finally.
Classic Travolta is back.
That's what I've been fucking waiting for, is classic ass John Travolta.
Is that classic? Isn't classic John Travolta a dancer?
No, classic Travolta is the one from that movie Battlefield,
where it's about him being a general and a badass.
Battlefield Earth? Yeah, that's classic.
That's Travolta. He's getting back to his roots.
All right, anyway, aliens? I didn't even much to say about that one.
I mean, what is there to say? Looks fucking great.
It's got sex in the city in it.
Kristen, well, she's an actor young.
Yeah, and she's sex in the city and it's got the guy from the fucking GameStop movie,
playing GameStop. Never mind.
Let's just watch the alien trailer.
Nice. Yeah, face off, exactly.
It looks like face off, but John Travolta put his face back on.
And now, and now, everyone else is going to have to face the consequences.
Print it! Let's try alien.
Let's just try alien.
Oh, this is a short trailer.
That means it's a good trailer.
Let's see what's up.
Ooh, role-playing, rated role-playing.
Oh shit, wait, I can't tell if this is a movie or a game again,
because they like movies now.
Oh shit, it's Pong.
Look at those three lines on the top.
Oh shit, it's becoming not Pong.
I thought it was four-player Pong for a second.
Damn, whether that's a movie or a game, I'm in.
From what?
There's an alien as big as a planet in that thing, dude.
You see how fucking big the alien's gotten?
You imagine an alien so big that the biggest man on the planet is dwarfed by it?
That's fucking Shaq.
And that's Two-Scale.
And that's an alien that's even bigger than Shaq or the planet.
Checkmate.
Let's just go.
Damn, dude, you fucking cramp in my style today.
Should you call you crampus?
Because you ain't bringing no present with your presence.
It's just going to be encouraging the whole earth, the months thrust right into the core.
I mean, yeah, that alien could have sex with the entire planet.
It could fucking impregnate the earth with one other giant alien.
It's so big.
But that anyway, that's beside the point.
It was just a poster, young blood.
It was a poster.
You're excited for a poster.
What's wrong with posters?
How about a movie called Face On,
where Nick Cage replaces Olive Trevor to skin with two dozen people's faces?
That's what a sequel's got to do.
And that's a fucking sick ass idea.
Not cases, brother.
Dude, you lucky.
You got the good ideas that he does not have.
You up the fucking stakes of your premise.
That's what I'm getting at.
Like, you could take off one face.
Well, try 12, bitch.
And he's wearing all 12 of those bad boys.
Now we're fucking cooking with olive oil.
I mean, I do, I would watch.
I'll admit that I would watch that.
See?
Careful, dude.
We might be boys if you're not careful.
We can be friends, young blood.
It's just the term boys.
I can't say like, that's my boy because you're not my son.
And also just sounds slightly creepy to me.
Anything involved in you is slightly creepy.
So you got to work with what you got, dude.
Okay, let's send it back to case.
And then let's like fucking go.
Let's fucking go.
Let like lead.
Let us fucking lead is what I'm saying to case.
But I'm actually trans and so you do know what that is.
And we'll see you soon.
Face off to is in the works.
Damn, let's check out that IMDB page.
I mean, it would make sense.
Courtesy of screen rant.
Face off to decades after the release of the classic action
movie starring Nicholas Cage and John Travolta.
Face off to is in the works with a new director.
And they're just as they're just as vital and good to go as ever.
I mean, honestly, I would almost prefer Cage and Travolta.
Their current selves in a face off movie.
I was just wanting them to do a shot for shot remake of the original face off,
but with them currently.
And I'm sort of, I'm there.
I mean, yeah, it's great to see two stallions back in the fucking arena going for.
Oh yeah, Trent.
We might do a longer stream today because Kendall's out of here
for the night.
So what else am I doing with my life?
Dude, you need to develop your own hobbies.
I mean, maybe.
But maybe my hobby is controlling interdimensional chats.
You ever think of that?
No, that's a weird thought to have for anyone.
And I'm going to control your other version.
I'm going to go to my other job and I'm going to puppet your interdimensional self.
Well, the jokes on you, because I've been feeling stronger later lately,
and someone said this in chat that for every chat that dies,
I only become stronger, like in the movie.
Jet Li, but a bunch of them.
You've seen the movie Jet Li, but a bunch of them.
One of the best Jet Li movies is the one Jet Li, but a bunch of them.
And that turns out that's how it works.
So if for every chat you kill, just know my sky ends only get stronger.
The one.
Yeah, exactly.
Me.
They should call that shit chat because I'm about to be gently.
But honestly, Jet Li is in great shape, but I'm like 12 feet tall.
So once I'm the one chat, you're like the same height as me.
You're lucky you're also tall, but I'm bigger.
I just we've stood next to each other.
Seems like we're the same height.
I mean, you do a lot of head.
Anything you're shorter, but your head is like surprisingly tall.
This guy's being sick.
Can you just go play your little games that affect my interdimensional reality, please?
Okay.
Well, like the stream will probably crash.
Full disclosure, the stream will probably crash.
It usually does when I try to switch off of this particular set of assets,
maybe because there's hundreds of gigs of them at this point.
But anyway, I'll return shortly and we'll play a little follow up today.
And we'll just pretend that's news.
News is I'm playing some follow up for an hour or two.
We got to axe up the wastelands.
You got to ask the wastelands a question.
Um, all right, get it working.
Okay.
Switch it over and see if it if it can handle it.
If not, I'll be back very shortly.
One second.
The stream