I'm Papito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live.
Case Blackwell said I love to see the hate,
Highter to my left where I will thank them for the 23 month sub-odd dub-dub cause I'm stacking dubs and lubs.
Yum yum.
Case Blackwell said I can't be silenced I think is my math moving.
Not Case's brother said Hot Dog are as excited for Pentac and John Rathas Monday.
Eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one.
Hello everybody.
Good to see these lovely names in the chat.
Apple to Apple, Greener, Sam, love the hate, Subbreechy, Jay Money, love the hate.
Thank you so much for the sub-funnel web, Greg to you not.
Case's brother.
Good to see you.
I watched the Pentagon, the increased Pentagon funding for Pentagon Jr.
on his WWE debut and also thought pretty nice.
I feel like I'm mostly when it comes to wrestling, a podcast listener at this point,
but I will check in for some stuff.
Thank you for watching me do whatever this is love the hate.
Terrible entrance music.
All I really noticed was at the beginning it's like,
Sierra Omiyardo and I'm like, I know that one.
Netflix era, Ra's been great so far.
Yeah, it's interesting also that you can like,
I've only watched the replays.
I haven't watched it live.
I watched, I like kind of jumped through the initial debut,
but all the commercials are still in there.
You can just sort of scrub past them.
It's like, it's like the DVR days.
It's exciting.
The Hulk booze were incredible.
Can I even find that?
We start with a little Hulk getting booed.
Hulk, WWE Netflix segment.
Oh, it's all people reacting to it.
Okay, let's check this out.
Let's just look at this to make ourselves feel good today.
The real feel good moment for everybody is
2024 Hulk Hogan is getting booed out of the building.
Let me tell you something, brother.
Hulk Hogan met with a chorus.
Okay, well you got it.
We need to hear from Shreya, Shreya Kana even though she seems like a lovely lady.
Yeah, he it's so it's particularly funny to have to launch
into your pre-programmed catchphrases while also promoting real American beer.
It's like a scheduled product placement segment
just going for all your easy pop lines and the crowd is just
completely shitting on you.
They cut out all the booze on clips and such.
Apparently they didn't put it on.
I mean, why would they put it up on there like YouTube and stuff?
Jimmy Hart looks fine.
He's the real collateral damage in this.
I have no idea what his social footprint has been over the last 20 years.
Who knows what he's involved with?
Could be good, could be bad.
But Hulk's social profile has been mostly racist and Trump rallies.
Not mutually exclusive, so I'm in support.
I'm in support of the hate.
I in fact love the hate.
Rick Derringer who made the real American song is Super Maga II.
No.
Rick Derringer who made the Super Maga song.
Sorry, real American song.
He should make a Super Maga song.
I can't wait for the libs not buying his beer and not shooting it with guns.
Maybe we should.
I'm just, you know, I'm assuming I'm a lib basically.
I mean, maybe I should start this trend.
I don't own a gun.
And I don't have that beer.
But maybe that needs to change.
Next sub goal unlocked.
Okay, well, I feel all jazzed up after watching Hulk Hogan get booed.
And apparently there's potentially positive news today.
Let's find out what that could be.
The news is always positive.
When it's rippling through your body, making you feel all the news vibes,
which is what I happen to do every time.
Great to see me and okay to see you.
Thanks, Jeff.
Can we scooch ourselves over?
It's like no, there's no time.
Damn it.
I like to be more justified this way.
Just so you know.
Woo.
What type of gun should case get?
It's a great question.
You've already committed.
Really want a gun in the house.
Which is why I'm just going to keep it open in the yard.
That's not responsible gun ownership.
Oh, how am I supposed to know?
I don't own a gun yet.
You have to learn by doing.
Well, learning about the movies today, going to the movies.
So far, Love Gun, Mossberg 500, a nail gun.
That's, that might be more the speed I'm operating on.
Love Gun once again.
What is a Love Gun?
If you have to ask, then you've never really served one.
If you know what I mean.
Oh, it's a dick.
Not apparently for you.
And the Derringer.
It's the classic Derringer in the, in the cuff.
I don't think you can do multiple shots with the Derringer.
You don't know what modern Derringers are even like.
Probably have a says I don't own a gun, let alone many guns,
which would necessitate a gun rack.
Go listen to your whole track today.
Sometimes you got it.
And it looks like the winner was nail guns.
That's actually kind of useful.
Maybe.
I've only built that many things.
Well, you can start now that you have to buy a nail gun
and then shoot real American beer with a nail gun.
Be like Danny Glover.
Yeah.
Or any movie where they like shoot a nail gun through somebody's foot
and they're like, ah, and then the good guy runs away.
Show me your rack.
But if I, if I'm just, if I get obsessed with nail guns,
I have a whole rack of every brand of Dallguns.
That could be my YouTube niche.
The nail gun guy.
No.
Okay.
I guess not.
Naldum Sergeant Roger Murtaugh.
Just print the logo onto a different beer.
What does a beer even look like?
Let's advertise this assholes beer for no reason.
Real American beer.
Okay.
It's just PBR.
Guys, it's just PBR.
That's not it.
That's it.
Look at this.
What?
This one looks different.
The side.
The side is suggesting a certain, it's subtle,
but it's letting you know it's American.
American B is all I see because the screen's cutting it off.
No, it's beer.
Please, case.
It's the whole thing.
See, beer.
NFT beer, wave of the future.
The beer that you can own forever, but never drink.
But you always have a beer digitally.
That's quite the pitch, Jeff.
Well, I'm quite the pitch man.
Heineken, fuck that shit.
Paps, blue ribbon.
Yeah, brother.
What is the market for this?
Um, aging conservative men?
That's a pretty big market though, actually.
Yeah, there's a lot of people really
grifting in that lane print currently and
the WDW.
And Hulk Hogan are one of them.
What we are, what's what you're missing here case is classic Hogan.
Back when there was nothing controversial about him at all,
is on top of the beer, having muscles.
It's a simpler time.
A time of pecs and pythons.
And real American beer.
Well, no, but real American beer is a modern.
It's just recent.
But it's recalling a different time.
But it's recalling a different time when beer was really American.
Wasn't, hasn't a fucking Budweiser always not been American, really?
But PBR is American.
I don't think that's right either, but whatever.
A low T beer for the Hulk in you.
What if they just put, can they put testosterone in the beer?
The highest T beer, maybe the only high T beer?
Can you drink testosterone and it works?
Um, well, there's a lot of people that take pills.
So, yeah, all of it works.
Ah, very good to know.
I prefer yingling.
Well, is there a flexing wrestler on top of it?
Because then you might want to give real American beer a chance.
It features a big old flexing wrestler.
Or I'm gonna scoot myself over.
Eep.
That's better.
Are you happy now?
Not quite.
You need to scoot over.
Okay, is that better?
That's getting there.
We need to talk about the, there's like good news for the, for who,
and for the first time in who knows how long.
Ceasefire now.
Well, maybe as Israel Gaza ceasefire,
um, Biden announces details of the deal after the toughest negotiations ever.
He's been trying for over a year and it's been so top
that it's just happened.
A little late in my opinion, but better late than not at all,
potentially.
And also Trump has immediately taken credit as exterminator points out.
Well, why shouldn't he?
He's president.
Um, well, he feels more like president than president
than Biden does currently, but Biden is still technically the president.
Nope, this is, we're calling it for Trump.
What are you calling for Trump?
The election is pointed to this ceasefire is in fact, Trump did it.
I mean, it sounds like they're going to have the ceasefire go into effect
literally the day before his inauguration.
So I suspect he will get credit.
They could have, there could have been a ceasefire at any point.
It's been on the table from Hamas for basically since the first month.
Um, but you know, instead they leveled 90%, well, they displaced 90% of the
population and leveled who knows how much of not even that big of a country.
Not even that big of a country.
Also in lighter news, the cats are moving.
The cat cam is active.
Plus, do you think I'm about to talk about anything important for too long?
This is, this is a nice, this is a good break.
Look at the cat go.
It's on the move.
And it's about to be done being, and it's done being on the move.
And now it's on its side.
It's noticing.
It's aware of the camera.
Oh my God.
He's looking right at, nope.
And he's falling asleep.
Gee.
Gee?
It's a she.
She's falling asleep.
And that's all the news for today.
No, we should probably check in with what the ceasefire even means.
All right.
I can read words.
It's one of my skills.
It's in my skill stack.
Prepare to massively scale up or our humanitarian response says Red Cross.
Okay.
Wait.
Where's the actual text here?
Uh, is there text here?
Where, where's the, where's the actual news part of this news?
Oh, this is, this is Reuters.
Israel Hamas agreed to a deal to halt fighting in Gaza.
The ceasefire will, will take, uh, ceasefire will take effect on January 19th.
Right before the Trump inauguration.
The deal outlines a six week initial ceasefire phase.
It would see a gradual withdrawal of Israeli forces.
The agreement sees the exchange of Israeli hostages for Palestinian prisoners.
The Israel government is set to vote on the deal.
On Thursday.
They're going to just let prisoners go.
Well, they made a lot of new prisoners.
A lot of them are just doctors and citizens.
So in my opinion, it's a stretch to even call them prisoners in a lot of cases.
But hey, I mean, you know, I, I don't know all the details of this.
I could imagine there's probably some, there will continue to be ongoing problems.
But if they stop actively bombing Gaza, I'm going to take that as at least a win.
An unambiguous win.
A mostly unambiguous win, I hope.
That's a lot of qualifiers.
Palestinians express mixed reactions of relief and loss.
Oh, because they've been through literal hell.
Yeah.
So they're probably not that happy in general.
There will probably be ongoing conflict.
That could happen, I guess.
But today's good news.
This is again, this is good news.
A Palestinian man in central Gaza,
a Hatham, a Dagmash, summed up the mixed reaction
of relief and loss after the ceasefire was announced.
Thank God that the agreement has been reached
and that we will return our homes to our families and to our loved ones.
I feel like maybe I should read this.
It is true that our homes are gone and our loved ones,
our brothers and our families are gone.
In the city of Dar al-Bash, there were pounding drums,
clapping and celebratory gunfire.
Excited men hung out the windows, honking cars.
Okay.
Biden says his administration and Trump's team were speaking as one
on the Gaza deal.
He's not even trying to claim it for himself?
Well, the National Unity Party, the Trump-Biden 2024 presidency.
Man, Democrats just really love to roll over and show their bellies.
Do you think if Trump was still in office,
even if he actually was willing to leave office in four years,
if this happened four years later,
you would be claiming,
you'd be taking credit for this if it happened 20 minutes before
the inauguration of the next president.
But whatever.
So your litmus standard for a behaving presidentially is what would Trump do?
I just mean, I don't really know why you would try to share credit for this
if you couldn't get away with not sharing credit with him,
because he's not president yet, but whatever.
This deal was developed and negotiated under my administration,
he said, but its terms will be implemented for the most part
by the next administration.
Trump's pressure on Israel and Hamas to finish this ceasefire deal
appears to have worked.
Well, what was his pressure?
US President-elect Donald Trump has hammered home warnings that
there better be a Gaza hostage deal by his January 20th inauguration,
or all hell would break out.
That felt more like a threat to Gaza, though,
which is already as under threat as it could possibly be.
Like I guess sort of nuking it,
what more hell is he going to unleash
other than just constant bombing of everything?
Well, we'll never find out because the threat worked.
So says Ethiopia.
He would totally kill the deal if he didn't get credit.
That's maybe that's what's going on.
I guess maybe he could kill the deal.
I'm assuming part of this is Netanyahu just throwing Trump a bone.
I'd like to understand what they mean by pressure,
other than him just saying that insane statement
that somehow he would create more hell.
Hamas and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu
both seem to have been listening.
Netanyahu's agreement to him saying all hell would break loose.
Netanyahu's agreement to a Gaza ceasefire
and hostage release deal Wednesday ironically shows
how effective actual pressure can be
in changing Israeli government behavior.
Said Nancy O'Kyle, head of US-based
Center for International Policy.
Again, what was the pressure?
Yeah, we're in agreement.
I'd like to know what the pressure was outside of that statement.
She accused Netanyahu of long stalling such a deal
and faulted Biden for not raising the stakes for Netanyahu
and his continued objections to proposed terms.
Trump declared on social media posts last month
there will be all hell to pay
if the hostages weren't released before the US inauguration day.
See, this is making it sound like the people dragging their feet
was where the Palestinian side,
which just isn't at all what was happening.
It's in all caps.
Yeah, the pressure was the pressure he was putting down
on the caps lock button,
on the shift key,
although if you've ever seen Trump post on social media,
he's just in a room full of people just saying shit.
And they're just typing it.
It's pretty wild to watch, actually.
We should maybe check in with that at some point.
Wow, that sounds like something we've got to watch.
It will not be good for Hamas,
and it will not be good, frankly, for anyone.
So that's the threat to Israel.
Is there an included in anyone?
Yeah, I'm assuming they're part of the anyone faction there.
Tough talk.
He told reporters this month,
underscoring the deadline.
So that's the pressure is a couple posts he made.
Doesn't he just post all the time?
It does that count as do we need to take everything he posts seriously?
That's the beauty of a Trump presidency,
is you never know what's a threat
and what's just insane babble.
And it can also be both.
That's exciting.
Lee terrifying.
Yep.
Let's, I guess, see the president talk about this.
Biden ceasefire.
Okay, people, let's see what's up.
Well, I laid out a detail this past May,
which was embraced by countries around the world
and endorsed overwhelmingly by-
What are these fucking ghouls?
Look at this still frame.
He looks like fucking-
He looks like an actual zombie here.
These two idiots are behind him just staring us down.
Over this ceasefire that could have happened
at any point in the last year
if they had just withheld arms shipments.
Now they're going to give us their fucking serious face.
Like they've done real diplomacy here.
And you know, this is-
They're just protecting democracy.
Genocide Joe zombies, seriously.
It is way too intense eye contact.
This is like, they just took their, you know,
POA 101 class and they were told,
don't break eye contact.
Ugh.
The UN Security Council.
The deal is structured in three phases.
Three.
Phase one will last six weeks.
It includes a full and complete ceasefire
with draw of Israeli forces
from all the populated areas of Gaza.
The way he says draw is fun.
And the release of a number of hostages
held by Hamas, including women
and elderly and the wounded.
And I'm proud to say Americans
will be part of that hostage release
in phase one as well.
And the vice president and I
cannot wait to welcome them home.
In exchange Israel release
hundreds of Palestinian prisoners.
And during phase one the Palestinians
can also return to their neighborhoods
in all areas of Gaza.
And the surge humanitarian assistance
in the Gaza will begin.
And the innocent people
can have a greater access to these violence.
They really are not breaking eye contact.
You know during the next six weeks
Israel will negotiate the necessary
arrangements to get phase two,
which is a permanent end of the war.
Let me say it again, a permanent end of the war.
One of these phases.
There are a number of details to negotiate
to move from phase one to phase two.
But it's just full screen.
The plan says if negotiations take longer than six weeks
the ceasefire will continue.
As long as the negotiations continue.
I spoke to the mayor of Kuwait
and the president of Egypt.
Oh man, I believe that.
And we have pledged to make sure
the negotiations will keep moving forward
for as long as it takes.
Then when phase two begins
there will be an exchange
of four release of the remaining living hostages
including male soldiers.
And all remaining Israeli forces
will be withdrawn from Gaza.
And the temporary ceasefire will become permanent.
All right let's check in with Kamala now.
Phase three.
Any final remains of hostages who have been killed
will return to their families.
And a major resolution plan for Gaza will begin.
This is the ceasefire agreement
I introduced last spring.
And back to Anthony.
Hamas and Israel have agreed to that ceasefire agreement.
Yeah.
And the whole ending the war.
You know those of you who have followed the negotiations can attest.
The road to this deal has not been easy.
I've worked in foreign policy for decades.
This is one of the toughest negotiations I've ever experienced.
And we reached this point because of the pressure.
And now is the time of day where we
do the Naruto hand signals
and move this to times two speed.
Because it puts Biden at a normal speaking pace.
It's actually his again his intention.
He knows that the times two button exists.
So he's slowing it down.
So you really hear his words when you're listening to him at times too.
Sure.
That Israel built on Hamas back by the United States.
Hamas's longtime leader Simar was killed.
Hamas's strongest supporter ran.
Launched attacks in Israel.
And those attacks failed after my administration
organized a coalition of nations to stop them.
Oh you did it.
You did it.
And after I ordered the U.S.
And planned to come to the defense we also
shaped Israel's strong and calibrated response.
Destroying Iran's air defenses.
But avoiding an escalatory cycle of an all out war.
The United States also organized a coalition of 20 countries
to stand up to attacks by the Houthis.
Including their missile attacks in Israel.
Then Hezbollah another Hamas's strong.
Can you imagine after just like a year and a half of all out slaughter.
Taking the fucking victory lap right now to say how good of a job you did.
You don't have to imagine because that's what he's doing right now.
His backers were significantly weakened on the battlefield.
And his leadership was destroyed with our support.
Israel negotiated a ceasefire with them.
And after that Lebanon finally elected a new president.
Who's not.
Who's not beholding Hezbollah.
And he can begin a new chapter for the Lebanese people.
All told these developments in the region which the United States helped to shape.
Changed the equation.
And so now the terror network that once protected and sustained Hamas is far weaker.
Iran is weaker.
Iran is weaker than it's been in decades.
Hezbollah has badly degraded.
And after more than 15 months of war.
Hamas's senior leaders are dead.
Thousands of Hamas fighters are dead.
And the military formations have been destroyed.
With nowhere to turn.
Hamas finally agreed to release Houthis.
You know there was no other way for this war to end.
Than with the Houthis deal.
And I'm deeply satisfied.
This day has finally come.
For the sake of the people of Israel.
And the families waiting to agony.
For the sake of the innocent people of Gaza.
Who suffered unimaginable devastation because of the war.
The Palestinian people have gone through hell.
Too many innocent people have died.
Too many communities have been destroyed.
These batteries are helping in this deal.
The people of Gaza can finally recover and rebuild.
They can look to a future without Hamas in power.
You know the Bible says,
Blessed are the peacemakers.
Many peacemakers help make this deal happen.
Including an extraordinary team of American diplomats.
Who have worked nonstop for months to get this done.
Yeah now they can rebuild because Hamas isn't in charge.
I wonder who might be in charge.
After all this is said and done.
Secretary Blinken led the effort.
Secretary Jake Sullivan.
National Security Advisor Jake Sullivan.
Bill Byrne, John Finer, Brett McGurk, Hamas Hoxden.
And the vice president worked relentlessly as we worked to deliver this deal.
I'd also note this deal was developed and negotiated under my administration.
But its terms will be implemented for the most part by the next administration.
In these past few days we've been speaking as one team.
This has been time of real turmoil in the Middle East.
But as I prepare to leave office our friends are strong.
Our enemies are weak.
And there's a genuine opportunity for a new future.
In Lebanon there's an opportunity for a future.
Free from the grip of Hezbollah.
In Syria a future free from the tyranny of Assad.
And for the Palestinian people a credible,
credible pathway to a state of their own.
And for the region a future of normalization,
integration of Israel and all its Arab neighbors including Saudi Arabia.
At the G20 in Delhi in September 23 I rallied key countries
behind the vision of an economic corridor from India across the Middle East to Europe.
That big can now come around.
The risk as well including ISIS in Iran.
Even in a badly weakened state.
But we're handing off them to the next team a real opportunity
for a better future for the Middle East.
I hope they will take it.
Let me close with this.
Yeah I'm looking at this.
My friend for years in the United States sent a phone to Senator George Mitchell
who did so much before his peace in Northern Ireland once said
about diplomacy.
He said it is 700 days of failure and one day success.
700 days of failure and one day success.
Well we've had many difficult days since the mosque began to stir the war.
We encountered roadblocks and setbacks.
We've not given up.
And now it's more than 400 days of struggle.
The day successes arrived.
God bless all the hostage and the families.
May God protect the troops of all those who work for peace.
Questions.
The unification of the CEO will be in the hands of the next administration.
And basically they will shake the future of the dollar.
So how do you see this future?
And also how much credit you give to the Trump team for the CEO?
Trump's a very big credit for you.
All right what's the future basically is what she asked.
And how much credit do you give the Trump team?
Other people are hard to understand at two times speeds.
So I'm just filling in the blanks here.
Well you know this is the exact framework of the deal I proposed back in May.
Exact.
And we got the world endorse it.
Secondly it's America's support for Israel that helped them badly weaken the mosque's backers
and create the conditions for this deal.
And thirdly I knew this deal would have to be implemented by the next team.
So I told my team to coordinate closely with the incoming team to make sure
they're all speaking with the same voice.
Because that's what we're doing.
You can't discount the amount of pressure that was applied by that one tweet.
So hopefully he mentions that.
Business too.
FunnelWeb he barely mentioned them.
He basically thanked Israel for all their hard work and said it's been bad.
What's happened to them has been not great but it was apparently it was really good for
American foreign policy and he's done a great job.
It's his takeaway.
How many bodies will be in there?
Hey Matt.
Well all before it's coming.
All of it.
Oh thank you.
It's the hole.
I'm confident.
Thank you.
Let's try it for this.
Is it you or John?
Oh god he cannot.
God he loves this fucking move.
I'm going to go back to normal speed.
He just can't end a press conference and walk away.
He thinks turning around and answering like one to two questions is the coolest fucking.
It's like 16 candle style hot boy move.
Who me?
Anyway let's watch him do it I guess.
Oh thank you.
It's the hole.
I'm confident.
Who is the book's credit card?
Boom.
Is this your present?
You or John?
Drop the mic.
Just kidding.
Is that a joke?
Oh thank you.
Hey he found the door.
That's always that's the sign of a successful Biden press conference
is when he knows the direction to leave in.
Uh oh okay he was stalling out for a second there where they closed the door just in time.
With that he disappeared into the gates of heaven and was never seen again.
It did look a little ominous there.
Like maybe this is are they sending him?
Are they sending him out back lassie style?
Look at this shot.
It's uh yeah it's quite the shot there really.
Into the light he goes.
A 360 no scope answer.
Yeah whoops.
Huh?
Oh.
Yeah he did a full 360 just with a little pause in the middle.
He paused for style.
Oh well again I am very happy to hear that in four days there will be seemingly an end to the bombing.
One can hope.
Why are you qualifying it?
It's a ceasefire.
I just don't.
I mean what's the here's the depressing thing.
Obviously everything that's happened is really depressing.
But what is this just going to be a return to pre-October 7th conditions where they're
basically once again in an Israel controlled prison camp?
Like it's great if the hostages are released and it's great if prisoners are released that
in my opinion are very likely to be being held on justly by Israel.
Many of them.
But I just I don't know nothing nothing he said or nothing granted we're just reading bullet
points I've seen in the coverage so far.
What's it has any plan for what's going to happen the actual Palestinians?
One thing he mentioned is oh great they're not going to be led by Hamas.
But there were there there were clear issues with the PLA that's why Hamas came into power it's just
this time with less infrastructure yeah like they need they're going to need
billions of dollars in infrastructure rebuilding to have even a semi-functioning society and
no mention of that.
They've just fucking they've they stripped the place of everything and now it's like well
you guys done?
Because we've decided we're done.
Since TikTok is getting banned we won't know if the ceasefire is broken until weeks later on Fox News.
Well you could uh depending on your Twitter algorithm you might be able to get some updates.
Oh yeah the TikTok ban is something else we might talk about today.
But um you know whatever I guess an end to the immediate mass killings has to be taken as
some level of positivity even if I'm qualifying everything a lot.
That was a as usual another deeply embarrassing Biden press conference for anyone with a shred of
a conscience and the fact he just floated his fucking achievements is.
Classic Biden as he storms out of the room into the light of heaven after you know
failing to keep Donald Trump out of office which was supposedly like his signature achievement
and the thing he he really has been hanging all of his credibility on.
So you know in my opinion just a you know a failure of a press conference at the end of a
outside of a couple of labor movements incredibly depressing and failure of a presidency and
I dislike him.
Well that hopefully is clear.
Imagine it is.
What the hell is uh who the hell is this?
Yeah I'm a I'm a different new new case.
You know shaving would be one way for me to look slightly less like JD Vance.
Incorrect you still look exactly like him.
I think of anything having more of like the half beard makes you more JD Vance.
Because like even though he kind of has a full beard let's take a look at JD Vance's beard.
JD Vance beard.
You know it's gotten thicker.
This doesn't enti- what I'm about to say doesn't entirely make sense but I believe that it's
spiritually true.
He has like a full beard but it still feels like a thin beard.
I think part of that the chin's carrying some of that but even though it's technically grown out
it just feels patchy and weak and that's and I'm not even comparing it to my beard
which is the thickest.
It's like the sides of a battle cruiser.
Even just against a normal beard a pathetic beard.
So I'm saying you look more like well all that is to say you look more like him than ever case.
I don't I don't agree but well if you don't agree it's not that close.
It's it's you've divided the screen in half.
You're mirroring your screen down the middle right now and everyone can see it.
This isn't that there's a lot of news today.
This is not important.
This is what's happening in case except it that you are JD Vance.
I refuse well someday you'll admit who you are and someday apparently isn't today but today
I did deliver the news.
The news has rippled over you and now you are clean.
Your brain has been washed by the ripples.
I'm a Jeffrey Bool.
All right let's take a little movie break before we talk about I guess more news.
So much news happening in the world.
Uh hey we've got a movie expert or at least a teenager that is willing to watch
Trowlers and he's already at the movies so let's send it over to Trent at the movies.
What the fuck and if my reality is crumbling around me there we go that seems better.
Ugh shit scoot somebody scoot me over.
There we go.
I'm in my theater looking legit as always.
For some reason joined by my parole officer Chris.
Well young blood good to see you.
Just so you know you've made 2% progress on your community service hours.
2% damn up from one up from one.
Hell yes dude damn.
You just do the math on how long we've done these segments I only have to do
probably like a couple more a couple thousand more and we'll finally be done.
Damn I definitely look like I'm in high school I look younger than ever I went with like a more
babyface look lately and the ladies are going fucking ravenous for it.
It's like you're seeing the movie like love potion number nine.
I have because I'm old I'm confused why you've seen it because I because
I sometimes I watch my parents cable playing and they play old ass shit that's dumb but I
watch it sometimes.
Alright anyway I'm like that though because of my fresh babyface and my strong V-shaped jawline.
You mean your round ass chin?
You can't talk to a kid this way man you're trying to undermine my confidence you're gonna give me
like you're gonna give me mental issues by saying that I'm not hot as shit and that's like a moral
for you to do.
You look fine young blood you I mean you don't look like a teenager.
Well that's because I'm so mature.
Yeah I'd agree you're physically very mature.
Exactly like way more than a teenager.
Way more than a 20 year old.
I'm that adult dude physically mentally the jury is in and no.
Dude you're like not allowed to talk to me this way Chris and also how you changing your
coat so fast what the fuck it's just up close you can't see the flowers until you get close that
doesn't make any fucking it makes all the sense in the world can we watch movies you're the one talking.
No now you're just negating me for no reason well that's the whole thing we do here man come on.
Alright let's see what trailers we got to work with.
What are the trailers that we're working with?
I'm physically very mature.
Have you got anything you need to probably get like a prostate exam you're trying to
tell me to get my butt fucked that's not what that is man we're going amongst the web soon.
JD Blackwell is a high schooler from the grease movies that sounds right my dad's name is JD
is your dad JD Vance no his name just happens to be JD.
I feel like you might have said he had a different name before he owns a steak shop
in his name's JD put it on the lore page isn't a lore there's no lore page
uh
Leon Kenny please
alright we can Leon is that a trailer there's a Lisa Lisa story a case Blackwell wiki when
that's a good question you'll make a lore page throughout that lore page I mean somebody needs
to keep track of it because I don't think case is but that's fine I have my own mental catalog
of my own life because I'm my own person all right no I don't know why you need to people need to
say that pretty normal to for that to be the case uh there's a witcher cartoon again
did did people like the first one I think oh ATW with Leon Kennedy yes that we can absolutely do that
that's no problem at all man it's not um let's watch this witcher trailer I was about to I'm
gonna do a trailer it's been we've been talking for five minutes yeah I'm watching a single trailer
well and you know who's talking now look who's talking now Chris it's you humans believe in destiny
I need coin peace and quiet what did I miss
got that and a netflix animation that I always wish I like for the tax on divers in the last few
months and no one's held to account we have a monster problem off our shore
in a monster hunter in our midst witcher your services are required are you following us we're on
the verge of war I want to help it takes bravery to stand against a crowd I could sense there was
something between you two we only came to this town to avoid running into you know who again
you need someone like assi I found it wise not to trust others we've had peace for too many ties
many baddies after him if one sea creature is in danger what did you do we all worry the humans aren't
looking for truth I'm trying to stop a war why does it you seem to be pushing for one
there has been very little moves killing a bunch of sentient sea creatures I'm supported okay no
sure yeah why not I kind of remember there being a witcher cartoon there was yeah man I think there
was a witcher cartoon at some point I think I watched it the whole thing and that's all you got
all I kind of remember is I watched the whole thing and I don't think it was bad okay any other
thoughts I mean I watched it I didn't think it was bad brotherhood of the wolf that sounds right
right you shouldn't rely on Trent for your reviews though of anything he's watched that wasn't like
two seconds ago because he has no memory that's not true it's not what's not true and there you go
it's a great movie have you seen it can you prove that I mean you're probably
no I don't think I've seen it but it looked nice I think that animation on Netflix looks
the Castlevania style animation is like it's good enough the like well sometimes I'm like damn this
looks very premium than other times I'm like this looks like new grounds I see why do you know what
new grounds is it still exists new grounds is still a website Chris that's not you for not knowing
that new grounds is still a website I mean I believe it's still a website I just question if
it's still that relevant but all right nice whatever more more witcher for the witcher fandom that
kind of lost out on they're done with a live action I don't know there might be a different witcher
they're picked a different guy or some shit or something or now Superman is a different guy
what's happening you're combined in the DC universe and Henry Cavill just isn't in
its most recognizable roles anymore for some reason other hem was worth his witcher now okay so
they just found like 10% less muscle Chris Hemsworth or uh
10% less muscle Henry Cavill now more like probably 20% Henry Cavill is like pretty jacked yeah but so
as a Hemsworth the resting jackness of a Hemsworth is very high and I can and I know because obviously
I'm a lot basically look like one wow sure okay Marvel television's daredevil born again
born off of netflix and onto disney plus is daredevil I guess let's see what's up
thank you for finding the time I will admit it's not entirely unpleasant seeing you again
he's still alive I guess how many times has he been killed now and just come back a lot of time has
passed by the look of it you've come up in the world I could say the same about you
the mayor serves his city oh he's here now I can see you're not entirely convinced
I can't shake the feeling that you're gaming the system why did you stop being a vigilante
the line was crossed it's hard to come to terms with the violent nature hating the power
it has over us and these punches land hard in this show every punch breaks a bone
the city can't go unchecked sometimes peace needs to be broken the chaos oh shit the punishers bad
my god i'm gonna hatch it down he killed him he's to believe in grace so much bone breaking
disney plus violence damn it's gonna be right next to like baby star wars would you like to
watch more baby star wars yoda or would you like to watch daredevil just fucking murder people
jump through their legs my answers all watch both on disney plus
you love that it's getting more violent as it goes to disney and that what did seem like what
they're going for which is surprising but i guess disney's trying to differentiate itself with adult
children's entertainment yeah that's my favorite type of entertainment adult children entertainment
could be great i don't know i mean i kind of remember like in the the first couple
how do you have any memory of anything you've watched there's too much stuff man i can't be
relied upon to review things from two years ago i think those were like six years ago now actually
and i don't know i kind of remember the first two seasons being being pretty nice and then
they did the whole defenders thing and you're like oh what's happening and then season three i didn't
watch yeah i mean i'll watch it i feel like lately when i watched it on disney plus i'm like
who's this for there's been some good stuff on dis there's gotta have been some good stuff on
disney plus recently i thought that agatha show was actually all right you watched the agatha show
i like witches i see a witch show i watch it did people hate that show or something i mean probably
somebody was mad because it had lesbians in it or something but i thought it was pretty good
all right that like a fun set and they did a little they did a little magic journey on it
and that kind of a weird ending but that's fine skeleton crew is good apparently
they showed multiple colors of helmets in the trailer including yellow yeah what does that mean
does he get different powers if he's wearing different colors um i doubt it and why does he
have different colors if it's not related to some like to get like a slight iron man suits
that are a little different like this one has missiles but this one has different missiles
i don't know man there's also like a was that the prowler or something was that like white power
daredevil because there's a white daredevil why would it be white power daredevil i don't know
he's a bad bad guy he's blind so he thinks he's just one that doesn't sound right exterminator
how would you know man he doesn't know what fucking color his suits are no he can hear the
color of the suits he's got incredible hearing he can hear color i don't know he's got like
synesthesia in that way or some shit no it's just it's like you know remember the bed afleck movie
and he had like cool 3d renderings in his brain from all the sounds it's like that but probably
in full eight full like technicolor it's not like modern color but it's like technicolor
all right that sounds right actually i think that's probably camon can't camon can and
oh camon i like to say camon actually no you don't you just misspoke i like to say camon
it's camon now uh apple cider vinegar are they naming movies after just shit in the grocery store
now probably not young blood is probably something from netflix it's apple cider vinegar
i'd like to welcome on the stage bell gibson bell gibson must have affected her that my book was
reviewed is better than hers well i'm sorry your name is bell gibson isn't that like naming a character
like bomb cruise all right whatever who's her miller she was diagnosed with cancer
so she's consistently maintained i have no reason to doubt her because in her case it's true
it's a funny way my doctor said you have brain cancer here's a bloggy my life she's just like you
you do look incredibly well i've never felt better i have to find the right way for me
we just got each other loved the session full body goose bumps thanks for coming um bell bell gibson
i can't get over that name brain cancer right is that part of the story something meaningful to laugh
bell bell gibson she just wants me to help her out a bit professionally of course she does she's
competitive i have recently been diagnosed with a third cancer it has 90 000 likes she does not
have spleen cancer always know what you're putting your body it's a simple question
do you have cancer i want to destroy her this is a big story it's at a woman terminal brain cancer
she's probably killing people with her lies luci idolizes her i don't want to be missed around
by more doctors bell doesn't have friends she has hosts she offered to raise money for surgery for
hunter you want to do the right thing an actual sociopath to do that and i am not i mean i could
do like 50 personality quizzes right now and i am an empath i like that last shot crazy i shot nice
good one well you know maybe it's good i don't know at least it's not about vampires i'm glad that
there wasn't a twist that there was vampires dude i gotta start lying about more shit like you lie
and you do like exciting stuff by lying about everything and you don't have morals they
eventually make a movie about you and that's fucking sick you want to do something immoral just so
they make a movie about it eventually yeah but like you know moral and kind of like a fun way like
lying about cancer how is that fun she was having fun the whole time mostly and then you know ah man
there's people actually with cancer and that's a bummer for sure but most of it was her like
cutting watermelons and doing coke and i like both of those things stop telling me stuff like that i'm
your parole officer what cutting watermelons okay you can do that vampires cure their cancer in the
end oh man is it secretly about vampires i mean that would be a fun twist at the end you're like
this girl does not care about anyone but herself and not she's a vampire and then the credits roll
yeah i guess they should make a movie about trance life but portray him as a planet of the apes chimp
dude that's an incredible concept you take a movie that's just a boilerplate bio pic you don't really
do anything new with it except i'm a fucking chimp print it dude i can't imagine that not doing well
why would that exist at all i mean because i just thought of it originally and people might not
really some people unfortunately don't know who i am but i think the fact that i'm a chimp will
probably make it do really well at the box office what's making you think that because it's just
such a unique concept like what if you remade star wars but darvader was a chimp or luke
skywalker but only one of them only one person's a chimp another thing else the same shot for shot remake
of american pie why american pie i don't know but stifler is a chimp you're telling me you wouldn't
watch that why would i better yet you don't even read you just use cgi and just re-release the
film american pie that rhymes that's fun okay but you replace stifler with a chimp if there's
any buyers hit me up at bdbigdickplayer.bigdick.yahoo.yahoo.com that's your email that's one of my emails that's
my business email bdbigdickplayer.bigdickyahoo.com yeah did everyone get that email address because
i think he said it two different ways no that's one more trailer why are you going for four
today well that one was more aspirational it was more like a life plan of lying about stuff to do
cool shit that's not what that was about it's that's my takeaway the night agent season two there is a
season one what the hell is the night agent i don't know but there was a season one the woman in the
yard all right this looks spooky maybe because ladies in yards are scary this is only a minute
long trailer so let's see what this woman's doing in this yard and if it is in fact alarming
i'm not looking directly at you i'm just hearing you through my earpiece but something sounds like
you just look weird for a second no the sun is bright and the wind is still yeah there's a lady in the
yard like a sudden chill how do you know that's a woman trained in black from head to toe how she
got there you'll never know today's the day oh she says that every time that's why they're getting
ready yards in los angeles is you just unsafe it's like you use too much water and also you
attract women in the yards i think it's the first one mostly yeah but the second one is important
too like you don't want to have the woman in the yard and you don't have a yard if you just have
more of like a you have like desert you have like a desert foliage foliage out there then women woman
in the yard doesn't like that so that's why a lot of californians are they're ditching traditional
logs she also hates astroturf which is sometimes bad for groundwater but does get rid of the woman
in the yard how are you so familiar with woman in the yard it related issues it's been a problem
for a long time is you got a nice yard woman shows up in it and then she murders your whole family
and i it was a woman i think based on when they did the close-up probably i don't want to make assumptions
but i guess it is called woman in the yard so damn right it's better than yours i can teach you but
i'll have to kill people that could have been what she said in the trailer they all that tension
builds up and then she says damn right it's better than yours i can teach you but i'll have to
kill people set it today's the day yeah i'm not sure which is better actually first lady in the water
now this pretty soon you're not going to be able to have any shit in your yard no pools no yard even
just gonna have to have house and it was there was a lady in the house
well then you're just gonna have to live intense and hope she doesn't show up there either
well that's the modern dilemma i guess that is the modern dilemma no no no more dilemmas today
we watched all the trailers i gotta get out of here i got like a i'm getting a brino plastic
today what yeah i'm gonna some work done on my nose got a new nose put in we can't pay that off young
blood stop saying things that we can't do i'm doing it to myself so next time you see me i'll
probably have a sick ass nose i'm just gonna walk up to a doctor and demand they do it okay so this isn't
happening no it'll probably happen i was all the time we have and don't even worry if if you didn't
see enough trailers because even if you didn't see it you do effect know what it is bye bye
i don't know why he wants a new nose they get teens are getting plastic surgery younger and
younger and i think it's sad i blame kylie jenner i guess i don't even know if she had any
work done okay let's make a movie called where in the garage
like snakes on a plane but way more localized and with a werewolf so really nothing like snakes on
a plane plastic surgery in the womb well if i could be a hotter baby i could have been a
hotter baby i would have signed up for it if i could have formed complex thoughts or had any
object permanent but i didn't so they wouldn't let me have plastic surgery and i think that's
anti-freedom actually i think we should let babies have plastic surgery if they want it um
you got a competitive world out there and you need all the advantages you can get right away
like being an incredibly angular baby hot baby case let's see what's going on with this tick talk
ban i guess um kind of been ignoring all the news related to it because i just want to if it
happens then it's fine i don't really use tick talk i probably should if i want to gain a following
but instead i just don't think i posted one jd vans thing and i was like me but anyway let's see
if it's going to be around for any longer it's more news time oh wow i'm back oh tyler it's
been a minute i feel like it's been longer than that it has nice if you'd been on tick talk you
could have the toast of Shanghai that's true you can cook until get on chinese tiktok kind
um i guess we gotta you access an international plan in the united states i wonder if you could
get on chinese tiktok this is a vpn you probably could are the cats doing i don't know what you were
saying they're asleep look at that sleepy cat it's not a heating pad this is all stuff i know
because i'm familiar with eating pop ethan the dji thanks for the love my man that was sick
why does your song end that way i don't know because it's a hit
tyler got a haircut uh yes you did yeah i did sometimes people just ask to do things to my
face because i it's like i've got like a classic face i've been told so somebody might have just
cut my hair in my slave but like to practice very weird tyler is that
yes um okay what's going on with this tiktok man i need updates there's stuff that could be
happening right now today how tiktok can still avoid a ban according to experts there's no way
they can really ban it right because that's on time a free tiktok untied chinese free speech
don't we allow any chinese country to speak freely well i think you can argue that it's anti american
priest i'm against the chinese i'm against the chinese i was i'm against the chinese tiktok
ban i'm against the tiktok man it's not even technically a chinese company i'd be against it
regardless of its status as a chinese company i think it's silly to ban tiktok tyler got them
juicy dsl dial up is that like dial up internet yes okay okay well let's find out um how tiktok can
still avoid a ban according to experts and there's a video well the tiktok ban is just four days
and here's our expert this guy who used to be football but now is news either way if the supreme
court doesn't stop it american users are now scrambling to find an alternative to one of the
nation's most popular obsessions a little bit soon we're here with more than morning a little bit
morning michael so the consensus view right now is the supreme court will uphold this federal law that
they i'd actually rather read it myself decided i'd rather usually if there's a video i'd rather
watch it but something i was like you know i need to work on my reading anyway oh you do yeah i need
to practice my reading so the supreme court passed up a chance to intervene on behalf of
tuk tok on wednesday when a batch of new rulings did not include a verdict on the kai's challenge
like an imminent ban of the op unless tiktok severed ties with china-based parent company
bite dance that's a fun name the ban will take effect on sunday the day before pro-elect
donald trump assumes all of us still tiktok returns sovereign lovin is for avoiding a ban in
high stack standoff that could be decided in its final hours as well on this time a bc that's why it's
on roughly 170 million tiktok users in the us cut less access to the app altogether at the end of
the week if the company chooses to take up the let's take the app dark or they may end up scrolling
as if nothing has happened the experts sad i can always depend on congress not doing anything if
it doesn't serve their portfolios yeah i don't do all people hate tiktok that much like
you know they're always trying to compete for suburban voters are both parties assuming if
they ban tiktok i guess it's just kind of in the i hate what my kids are doing lane get my kids
off their damn phone i guess that's always got some appeal to like older suburban voters i mean
i do spend a lot of time on my dumb phone oh tyler you're sounding older already no i mean i'm in
support of using my dumb phone i just do spend a lot of time on my dumb phone this is how i have this
slippery slope to becoming an old curmudgeon tyler i'm too young for that i'm just a money
on it it's been a lot of time on my dumb phone boomers love tiktok yeah i mean i kind of feel
like older people also use tiktok i think all of our brains are fried by social media at this
point it's also pivoted to become a little more conservative over the last year in an
i think in an attempt to appeal to donald trump um so i just don't know who it serves by banning
it i don't buy at all the national security risk aspect of it i think all their precious data
they're collecting on the shit we buy and the things we waste our time watching um
is information they could easily purchase from data brokers already the chinese government that
so in my opinion it's basically just the general logic of like an american company should be the one
controlling uh the way people jam unnecessary content into their eyeballs or at least america
should be reaping all the profits from this maybe there's some argument there if you want more
money to stay in the country but just don't see it personally she says that and i don't remember
what we're talking about that's very honest of you tyler musk rumor to try to buy in tiktok also
oh he's gonna own that too i did see that we'll probably get to that let's get i guess let's get
through the basics of this to catch ourselves up i am very behind the news and that i kind of like
don't usually think about really anything this been a game of chicken all along says james louis a
data security expert at the center for strategic international studies tiktok did not immediately
respond to abc news's request for comment but their comment is probably like can we just keep it please
here's a tiktok could still avoid a ban according to experts uh if they delay it a straightforward
way for tiktok to avoid a ban would be uh would require a las mana intervention from supreme court
expert side the nation's highest court does not plan to release formal rulings before sunday
the court however could issue a temporary injunction that pauses them on while uh jocesta says way
the guys i heard i was like counter someone i died which is i like who even knows i'll be alive by that
i hope we'll be alive less than a year from now yeah but that's like 270 days from now's problem
dj newsic on the scene we'll end the stream with a uh with a dj newsic appreciate it psych or
dj newsic locked a lot of during the oral arguments
really tyler a majority of the justice's appeal inclined to uphold a federal law that would ban
the company unless it devised from china by his parent bite dogs the court is unlikely to issue an
injunction since it would only take place if a majority of the justice has believed tuk oaks
stands a good chance of winning its challenge of the ban or silo sarabh vishnu bakat a professor at
the kardaza school of law the study's tech related issue is called abasamez okay so this is what i've
been hearing all week is that they're unlikely to stop the ban but i again i just i don't see
i guess it could just get banned i really for some reason in my brain i was like i don't think it will
but it does now seem like it will so i guess my instincts are just as usual wrong nothing new there
the longer the court waits to issue an injunction the less likely it is that the injunction will come
and what they have like a day left uh i mean issue injunctions on weekends no that's haby s weakest
oh i've heard that term so i think no tiktok cuts ties with bite dance another avenue for
tiktok to avoid a ban is made clear in the law the app could cut ties with parent company
parent company bite dance as part of a sell to a different farm but also isn't it popular
places other than the anand it starts uh yeah i mean it's very popular in china oh my god so it is
chinese well it's like tied to the chinese government more or less it is also true that
china doesn't really allow a lot of american companies to compete for eyeballs in china
so you could argue this is just an even practice from the united states saying well if you're not
going to let instagram waste people's time in china we're not going to let your app waste people's
time here um i don't know my my main thing is there's already a lot of people that use it
it's the same rough thing as every other fucking app uh you know it's just a big scroll of people
dumping information onto a scroll i just don't care if it's fucking elan musk or singapore or the
chinese government profiting off of everyone's social media output you know it's it's i i just
don't i don't think it actually makes a difference to the actual consumer of this stuff so i think
it's a big fucking waste of time to ban this and there's just way bigger issues um but but and that's
what this whole case has in fact the law allows for a 90-day extension of a deadline for a tick tock
sale as long as the company is advancing toward an agreement under such a scenario the deadline
would move back to april providing additional time without a ban while the supreme court
wise the case so even if this goes through they're not going to sell it till april well they have
to start angling like they're going to sell it maybe the funniest outcome here is they're like
we're trying to sell it and then they're just like the deal fell through guess we're gonna need to wait
a little longer i don't really i mean obviously i don't know the language of the deal or like
what's legally possible but maybe they can just kick it down the road forever eventually also i
suspect in the life cycle of all apps tick tock would become less popular naturally um so maybe
they can just write it out for like their last two years of cultural hegemony and then once it's not
even that popular anymore sell it uh trump seems to want to save this from exterminator if they
angle that they're going to sell it uh that will buy them enough time for trump to just say fuck it
uh sounds like a pretty good strategy yeah exterminator and i are on the same page here
that's what they're gonna end up doing just somewhere somewhere deep in my soul there's a
little voice saying there's no getting rid of tick tock i don't even like it that much i don't
if if people would stop using it on their own i think that'd be kind of good but i don't think
they should be compelled to by the government basically wow have you thought of this in theory
tick tock could announce the commencement of negotiations with potential buyer and urge
president joe biden to grant the 90 day extension before the ban takes effect
oh they don't have much time left such an outcome is unlikely well why are you talking about it then
since bite done says show a little appetite for a sale and it would be difficult to establish credible
negotiations in just a few remaining days okay so this isn't happening is what i'm hearing let's
try the next one trump administration declines to enforce the ban and that's time spot so
well because he doesn't like to do stuff that much which i can relate to it's one of the things i
like about him is he's like i don't want to do stuff that is one of the more relatable things
about trump is he doesn't really like to work that much yeah he's like oh come on i just want to yell
at people and like get cheered yeah i mean i can relate to that tick tock could continue its current
us operations if the trump administration they prioritize his enforcement of the ban are outright
refuses to carry out the law oh you can just not do a law you can ignore most americans ignore at
least one law one or two laws almost every day oh really i've never done that have you ever sped
no i take my time okay do you ever do drugs that are illegal no i'm fall natural okay have you started
uh have you have you used any outdoor fire equipment in the last couple days here in california of
course well you shouldn't do that oh why have you noticed all the smoke everywhere
what happened where do you live the hills what happened let's just keep reading tick tock could
continue its current us operations if the trump administration deprioritizes enforcement okay the
law order distributors like apple and google to stop offering social media platforms in their app
stores and requires cloud service operators like providers like oracle to withhold the infrastructure
necessary for tick tock to operate um stanton says say goodbye to tensant products net east products
dji products and many more because a reported chinese company owned data collection strategies
being taken uh that threatens our national security or so they say why could they just ban
anything chinese because i have some friends that i'm pretty sure are um i've heard stanton i think
it's certainly possible i mean in our modern in the modern american context the word precedent
i feel like is sometimes overused as a threat but you know if they can ban one company for
essentially just being foreign there's no reason they couldn't ban more this one did have to go
through congress and like a lot of red tape and approval and i'm assuming organizing senators
to actually vote in a particular direction but if it's like really in vogue to ban chinese companies
which i could imagine being a thing over the next couple years um as you know we become
if we do even more of like a software a soft trade war with the chinese it's certainly
possible they could ban other tech companies i mean they're essentially trying through tariffs
or already have basically banned chinese um electric car manufacturing from the united states even though
teslas are largely manufactured in china like um what is it p y t or that like chinese electric car
company is supposedly like the best electric car company on the planet it's super popular in europe
but we don't have it here because there's essentially like a hundred percent tariff on
chinese electric vehicles pretty young thing yeah the chinese company the chinese car company pretty
is i think the best one but we can't have it here because of all the tariffs that already exist
which could go even higher and speaking of that the cat is staring at you again and it's moved beds
exciting wow that is exciting so what was your point um i don't know i could imagine a world where they
where uh this law is basically is a jumping off point to ban other chinese companies
although i think it can only go so far because so much manufacturing especially of electronic goods
happens in china like furniture manufacturing electronic consumer products i don't really
think we can decouple ourselves from chinese manufacturing anytime soon at least it would
require a real concerted effort to reignite american manufacturing and i don't see any real moves
towards that happening coming from politicians so we'll see this could end up being a fair
amount of bluster by d big young dick yeah sorry it wasn't pretty young things it was uh it was
b y d big young dick yeah the chinese company big young dick back to the mines yeah and well i mean a
lot of towns would prefer to go back to the mines they'd like to have any industry at all i don't
know if that's in the long run the best thing but it's probably better than nothing china plans to
move over here so we should just wait hey after visiting china a little chinese management could
probably go along the united states and there he is foreign actor case blackwell international spy
well you're accusing me of being a chinese spy actually they got to him over there everybody
um okay well so supposedly this might be sold to elan musk those are the ways to save it
just don't enforce the law sell it that's that's an interesting one because they're not
really saving it you're just selling it well sell it is is a popular one that america really likes
oh and then the last one is congress just repeals the ban and i i don't think that
would happen i i i do think even if it's not gonna really net them that much support to ban it
i think going backwards and voting essentially against themselves would look even worse so i think at
best basically the supreme court of the president has to step in case secret chinese blackwell the sgc
yeah that's the official chinese institution i'm involved with is the sgc
okay uh elan musk i guess also could end up buying this that feels unlikely to me but
again i'm often wrong so oh god that would be really depressing if he owns
two giant social media platforms i know that um zuckerberg already owns two giant social media
platforms but facebook feels so dead to me i almost feel like zuckerberg just owns instagram
you don't even you have lots of pay ball sell you as a ice book that's what i hear every day
and i just it's hard for me to believe it but i guess it's true well anyway chinese officials are
evaluating a potential option that involves elan musk acquiring the us operation off tick tock
if the company fails to fend off a controversial ban abhijing officials strongly prefer that
tick tock remains under the ownership of parent bite dance the people say the company is contesting
an impending ban well we already know all this that's it they just might sell it to elan musk
well i mean at least it's being floated by the news for some reason and then also everybody's
flocking to a tick tock alternative that's also owned by the chinese um called red note
at least that's what i'm hearing i'm not on it yet i kind of loathe downloading more social media apps
and also based on my interactions with blue sky i feel like at best this will be popular for two
weeks but then again if tick tock it's banned i don't really feel like instagram or youtube shorts
really offer the exact same user experience so i feel like people would want the same type of social
media you know company but under a different name so maybe this would be it well what even is that
um tick tock alternative red note tops app charts ahead of potential tick tock found
okay tick tock users are pushing back against the looming tick tock ban set to potentially
go into effect sunday by telling a chinese app called red note which some users are calling
china's tick tock but doesn't china also have tick tock uh yeah but again this one is like directly
owned by china oh so they're really sticking it to everybody tick tock's ban was largely derived
from national security concerns related to tick tock's chinese parent company bite dance
and many users are moving to red note as an explicit form of protest so people are kind of
on your page they love china i guess americans more pro some americans are more pro china than i
thought um sabrichi blue sky is actually my favorite social media right now it feels like i
have the most genuine reactions there and also there's furry porn on blue sky a lot of like a lot of it
you don't get that on other social medias i would argue there's a chance you could get that on
twitter but um i've been surprised that i still check in with blue sky every once in a while
i honestly very sometimes will open um twitter in the morning but my use of twitter is falling
off of a cliff i honestly am just using less social media than i used to which if i ever
want to like uh grow this channel i'll have to wade back in um but i find twitter to just be like
really unpleasant to use um and i don't give a shit about instagram if i were to use any
social media it would probably at this point be tick tock but i guess i won't be able to after
potentially yeah you can use red note let's see what let's look up red note on youtube and see if
we can find people using a red note on youtube i want to see video of this app in action uh
we just download the app can we well maybe i'll download it tonight but i don't want to i don't
want to do it right now tick tock users embrace china's red note app all right let's see what
creators are scrambling to check out traditional media take on red note and tick tock this is
courtesy of time which i think now is mostly a youtube channel that's not doing that well
yeah it's mostly an unsuccessful youtube channel now unless of a magazine as far as i know creators
are scrambling to find a replacement for tick tock as the thread of a band looms could the chinese
own social media app shall hung shu or red note in english shall hung shu replacement for tick tock
well shall hung shu is a way cooler name than red note can we call it that yeah let's refer to
only a shall hung shu from now on i prefer that anyway this is shang hao shu i gotta make sure i'm
saying all right well red note had previously catered almost exclusively to chinese audiences
americans are flooding onto the platform this week making it the number one app on the app store
for two days straight red note was founded in 2013 as an online shopping guide before pivoting to
social media and e-commerce over 300 million people use the app which is filled with travel ox beauty
tutorials and animal talk before this week the few american users of red note had been musicians
looking to tap into the chinese market like john legend and mariah carry wait because you're so
pro china can we become like the number one chinese twitch stream i don't think do they have twitch
i'm assuming they have their own streamers either way so uh no oh darn but this week many
tick tockers announced that due to the upcoming ban they were migrating to red note as well
videos containing the hashtag tick tock refugee have been viewed 100 million times one user of this
hashtag is rovin sim a 29 year old fashion designer who created a red note account to share his
thrifting adventures and promote his fashion brand p13 i've been using tick tock since around 2020
to find out that tick tock will be banned in the us i was kind of upset so immediately i wanted to
download the app and get ahead of the curve i've probably had the app for about 36 hours now
oh so many already at 10 000 followers which is insane to me it is unlikely that americans will
settle on red note or a similar chinese app called lemonade in the long term those apps face the
same regulatory pressure that tick tock does yeah but however the interesting apps shows that americans
are frustrated with the ban they see as paternalistic worry about tick tock's top american-owned competitors
like instagram and looking for a new social media destination while congress's bill from last year
singles out tick tock and other bite dance apps it also regulates other foreign adversary controlled
applications and so if red note gets popular enough it could be banned too we're on unsteady
case all of our faves could get banned shanghao shu lemonade other one exactly other one well
just download every social media app and post spend your entire day posting on 25 different
social media tick tock clones in the hopes that you know you're already on the one that blows
up and then you could get up to a couple hundred dollars for you know shilling products the new dream
down you're right i gotta do that uh as soon as your dev says i can't even get my phone number
verification on red note because their servers are overloaded from the exodus from tick tock
a gene has been having a blast over there genea got on right away well i gotta try
why linkedin would be the most depressing outcome just everybody migrates to linkedin to post
everything everything even like the sax apps i use uh yeah even that oh wow well
everybody i worked with at jamba juice is really gonna get an eye full
why are you linkedin with all your jamba juice in place because you gotta link up with everybody
and you gotta network and we only got a job ben talk the new social media app i might not know
anything about apps and i and the show barely even knows anything about the subjects it's covering
but i'm in me too and i'm also out because that's all the time we have that's everything you need
to know about tick tock which is getting banned shrug and that's all the news for now bye bye
nice get chinese famous i'd be a type of famous i'd love to be
you deleted your twitter msg good for you good for you now i do mean that
twitter is my least favorite it's the app that still has occasional things on it that i'm like
i feel like i like it still has a couple little nuggets of things you kind of only get from
twitter like news people that you follow that still use it but i would love to see blue sky just
you know eat their lunch the only issue with blue sky for me and maybe other people are noticing
this on it i still get a ton of posts like i'd say a good portion of the posts that load for me
and this might be because i'm not using it enough are just people talking about how blue sky is
better like i've seen so many posts being like i don't this is the only place i feel like i'm
actually interacting with people but this is a post about that i don't feel like i'm really
interacting with anyone here either but i am not an actual i'm not like a dedicated social media user
people got a chill on that yeah and also so many posts that are like these are the people to follow
uh i can't look at twitter it's either something extremely hateful or straight up porn mine is
also it'll be like uh this moment in some facet of history like look at or it'll be like look at
this cat we'll get this uh you know badger crawl out of this hole it'll be like a weird industrial
happening that's not exactly an accident that's close basically like a while ago i made a historic
squids i changed my account to historic squids because my whole feed was like historic vids and
things like it the original aot s is what got me to twitter in the first place i mean even that
might probably my peak use of twitter was um over quarantine specifically like the blm protest
and i thought then it was like pretty it felt it it felt important because it felt like you were
actually getting um direct news that was very unlikely to be covered by traditional media
and i don't know if if uh or like gaza is another good example certain
certain parts of that story i feel like were largely propagated if you follow the right people on
twitter you could get access to information that's hopefully legitimate that you wouldn't get elsewhere
um and i just i don't know if tiktok exactly fills the same hole and not tiktok's about to be banned so
i don't know it doesn't the social media landscape in some ways feels even more dire and
depressing to me than ever probably because it is but we'll see maybe shanghao shu is the
solution we all need are they even going to be able to tell that my content is political if it's
confusingly draped in various face filters and doesn't make any sense twitter is great for
whole videos and that's the other thing if you love whole videos and you will like him kind of
updated and recent because you go to x videos but hey then you're getting a bunch of you're
getting a bunch of stuff from the two thought you know 2020 early 2020 you want up to the
minute whole videos you need to use twitter zuckerberg help ban tiktok absolutely i'm gonna i
feel like this is a this is a this is a confluence of a number of forces leading to a tiktok talk
ban but i'm sure a huge part of it is american social media ownership not wanting to share
share their slice of the pie with a foreign company and i don't really feel any
swell of national pride because mark zuckerberg is profiting billions off of our you know
collective brain farts x videos is a totally different thing yeah i don't even know
i don't even know where the videos come from on like porn sites because there's lots of like
porn aggregation sites which is what i think of like x videos or like porn hub ads and i know
there are like individual users are there used to be on porn hub but like x videos is that
just users uploading videos of porn or is it porn companies how do they make any money off of it
i have no idea i'm not saying i don't know porn i'm saying i don't know how the like actual i don't
know how the ecosystem works to like make people money um oh honestly a lot of points i get that
there's ads is there that much is it because it's like if you're on tiktok it's like this is my
account and here's my face all over it and i've monetized sponsorships and stuff but if you're like
you know sub equivalent to jared the subway guy minus the child porn and you're uploading videos
on x videos i i don't know if that makes you money all porn comes from heaven i believe that
hot singles near you there's premium accounts that makes sense i don't think amateur porn is a
thing anymore too problematic it's all in house now but still problematic well like only fans make
tons of sense to me as uh as like a porn model i'm not a porn model as a business model for porn
because at least the person making it hopefully is getting most of the profit
although now there's probably like only fans houses where the management team is exploiting a bunch of
users i don't know who knows well deviate off porn for a minute to go one layer up in the
internet not as deep into the internet to go amongst the web hot ham taros in your area
i should know more about the porn business the internet the internet porn business but not today
today other types of web ongoing amongst it fired shifting around down here
good to see everybody it's your favorite special agent liana's kennedy yeah what do you mean
you got a face at me for your chin straps looking as beautiful as ever so i feel like it thinned out a
little bit because i got acid sprayed on my face by a bunch of tentacles that sprayed acid
clipped my beard just a little bit well by chin strap my patriotic american chin strap
god i look good that you think you look great i don't think i look great look at me touch my hair
what is going on with your hair i'm pushing it back it's actually it's not moving at all
i am alive i survive i survived so many things a zombie city a tentacle bug city that's up was
also farms in a castle and an island and then several straight to dvd movies i've survived it all
good for you man i'm a survivor i'm gonna kick ya i'm gonna kick more i'm gonna kick ya
that's beautiful man poetry of the moment but today we're not here to kick people we're here to
kick video yeah let's kick some video at these people all right uh this is this is this is
it's snowed somewhere let's see what happened some people are just that good at moonwalk
whoa the people are going crazy for that one you hit the rock button leon no
got very accurate fingers wait there's a social there's a streaming thing called kick why are
we on that i don't like it it's called kick it's my whole thing man yeah it's not it's not
the type of kick you like you don't know that what's going on over there uh gambling misogynistic
dudes gambling i mean i was in the military man what are you saying about our boys in
blue nothing i just saying like sometimes you got to gamble and say bad things about women
that's not a thing you have to do leon oh listen i'm american i okay yeah sure i know you are
um here's a fellow athlete leon let's move on from what you're talking about okay a super simple way
of improving your tension while climbing is to use resistance spans it's super easy
that's part of the training if you can't take a snap to the back while performing physical
activities if you can't take like a full force kick or a bullet or a knife if you can't get like
a hatchet to the back or face and keep going then you're not ready for the big time what do you mean
i'm just saying if you're like in the field you're shooting tons of foreign foreign foreigners
what just saying this is the stuff you have to do as a special agent if you're in the field
there's you're surrounded by 40 people with hatchets they're mumbling in like a language you don't
understand spanish they're mumbling in some foreign language that nobody knows and you know you're
shooting them all in the head block block block a couple of them are gonna get close enough to just
jam a sickle straight into your face if you can't take that kind of thing and keep moving walk it off
then you're not ready for the big time so that's training is what i'm saying 9.5 the people agree
with me that guy wasn't quite ready for it you can take a hatchet to the face absolutely i can
take probably depending on how much how many herbs i've rubbed on myself that day take five to six
hatchets to the face and if i take a good break and maybe like spray some aerosol on myself what you
know here at healing aerosol then i could probably take 20 hatchets to the face in a day
because i'm trained god well god bless america i guess exactly that's what i'm saying
oh my only papa won't say no i never will he pop out he pop out with that shit oh my oh my god
look at that boy and he got the stars oh my god take blade blade yeah
yeah let's just see the very end of that oh my god take blade blade yeah
yeah i get it this guy is cool is it bad that he's white though is
is it not cool that he's dressed like that because he's a white guy he's a snow guy
he kind of looks like you i mean are you comfortable dressing like this case i'm in
favor of people dressing however they want and but that is a snowman and i don't think he looks like
me he kind of looks a lot like case and i don't i'm just saying i'm not sure that's your culture man
i'm not that i'm not him or jd van i'm not snowman and i'm not jd van six point six seven
excellent work everybody we did it they voted yeah they we fucking did it okay here's an angel from
heaven let's see what she's up to well why is there a there's a little one of him
what is there just a miniature version of him on his car sorry i cut it off she looks great damn
what a beautiful i didn't know politicians could look that good you know what i'm saying gorilla
okay we don't have to agree on everything i'm saying she looks you got whatever you think of her
politics she looks good oh my god gorilla i don't think you can say that i mean i mean you know i'm
off her locker room talk gorilla but that's a person you're talking about god damn wow gorillas really
not holding back he's not mic'd so you guys can't hear him but we can hear him in the studio
ban the submitter life in sleazy life in sleazy don't ban yourself we need you oh no
well someone argue a well-deserved zero you didn't even like their use of after effects chat
there was a miniature version of him and he wasn't green screen someone had to take the time to
do some brushes over him to get a mast out unity at last america's an agreement
but i don't think that zero was for marjorie i think that is didn't like the song i think she
was part of it she looks so good though i'm not trying to focus on her appearance well that's
because you don't like sexy women should live in sleazy ban themselves he posted it so he
could get the zero listen there's five potential options here chat i don't know it seems like a yes
or no question but figure it out hella is up first yes okay that's two very h so you should self suck
okay that's another option i guess uh ban his tiny self the sex nation point oh actually mr
smith um instead of zero that is a little confusing um but you're welcome to vote now okay well
ban his tiny self was a good option but it didn't quite make it on there genital slit
which has been appearing on these polls a lot lately and it's running away with it so far
it's got 100 percent of the votes yeah voter turnout's been low um on some of these polls so
every vote really counts yes and sell it's a dead heat between uh oh self suck is starting to run
away with it oh my god live in sleazy you're going to limber up based on these early results
a couple a lot of we're at 40 reporting districts and self suck we're not quite calling it yet for
self suck but self suck at this time bin news is calling it for self suck so there's only 10
percent of precincts not reporting and at this time 100 percent of precincts reporting
self suck is the winner live in sleazy we'll give you a couple months to take the necessary
yoga classes but that is your punishment for posting that marjorie taylor green video which i'm
i have to go with democracy and what the commander-in-chief says but i think it was uh i think it was a
sexy video featuring a beautiful woman and i don't think i would be able to self suck as
punishment but you're welcome to try live in sleazy just don't post that in the thread or i think
i will get banned if i show that this is when they mess up your food order could this be a zero or
could this be a 10 well let's find out i forgot the egg rolls thank you for coming to zuki sushi
i'm gonna help you you guys forgot our egg rolls what let's check out put your whole please
this might just be racist does she know she didn't meet herself i need to put your own whole
give you free egg rolls it's completely fine it was just a misplaced egg roll and some fried rice
okay well i think we get it what you cut it off what if it ends up making a really
salient point about the human experience towards the end i think it was just the racist voice
was the joke no also the husband was abusing his wife was also the joke that was the joke
the joke was also the abuse of the wife i hmm what about that was was joking
because they're on the phone you wouldn't expect it to happen
because he's teeing off on his wife while she's on the phone that's crazy which means funny
um um um the 1.7 i think that's generous sketch is subjective uh yeah comedy is other aspects of
that i think for less subjective but all right we got some strong we got some strong contenders today
vying for the throne of zero so far only one person has claimed it let's see what else we got also
who knows that maybe the sketch ends really strong i i didn't give it a complete showing
the recording lasts some four and a half minutes during which you gave the prisoner oral sex then
vaginal intercourse in a number of positions before concluding by giving him more oral sex
you participated with evident enthusiasm the second prisoner recorded events and provided a commentary
by way of encouragement including saying guys we made history this is how we live at ones worth
brov and you know you are against us this real to susan abru stand up the sentence on you is one of
15 months imprisonment wait a minute we gotta listen to that whole thing again it's a beautiful moment
the recording lasts some four and a half minutes if anybody doesn't remember this this was that
prison officer who recorded herself having she made like a sex tape with two prisoners
i think that was like seven or eight months ago and it briefly was a story
and i'm assuming a video you can probably find somewhere it's during which you gave the prisoner
oral sex then vaginal intercourse in a number of positions before concluding by giving him more
oral sex you participated with evident this is also the comment under the video that he left
provided a comment including saying guys we made history this is how we live at ones worth brov
and you know you are against us that's a nine
it's illegal to have sex in a jail what if you what if you're really lost in a jail
and you're like fighting for your life and you encounter like a hot secret agent
you're not supposed to have sex i think that's fine it's that the prisoners
it's that she was a prison guard having sex with prisoners i think in general that's
frowned upon the power dynamic there is granted that people are going to be less
bothered by it because it's a female prison guard but i'd say in general it's pretty bad
policy to let your prison guards have sex with prisoners although probably more common than
one would like to think wonder what the other prisoners rated the sex video what was his
review did you think he left a number i mean based on his review he sounds like he was
saying it was wrong and nasty so he probably gave it like an eight or a nine he didn't make it sound
pretty hot and this is how we get down here brov what was it like worse
what walster is how you got at walster brov
i could listen to that guy describe he needs to just make his job not judge but just describing porn
because that was sexy that's one word for it
she was already out of prison yeah they're just gonna put her in a place that she loves to
fuck there's no way to punish her good luck punish her you've just you've only trapped her
in her favorite place to fuck judge judy and judge judy and judge judy and sex executioner
that sounds like a hell of a game or movie and i'm willing to star in it that sounds like a porn
and i retract nothing wow okay
hmm what's going on here a little arm wrestling let's do two more two more only two more uh we'll
do two more okay what's gonna happen here plastic setup it's frozen oh it's a zero second long video
sorry everyone false alarm can't show you that one it was zero seconds long let me see if i can get it
through the link okay here we go here we go it closed up here we go i don't really even know what the
hell's happening here one sec i can't full screen it god damn it all right here we go let's try that
we're gonna reload this hope it actually works all right
really layering in these effects i know that they're adding a sound effect but it does look painful
oh i did this show his stomach oh i've never i don't know where this video starts and ends but
we got it we get it you think we get it i think we get it that's a six right down the middle
that's what whipping someone will get you nowadays we've seen it so
a little mid they weren't even whipping that hard
i definitely was a sound effect i'm imagining it still hurts i speak for the entire chat case
when i say uh you and kettle need to play this game on strew oh my god it looks like they've got
like a it looked like there was a tip on that whip maybe that's how all whips work a whip tip
it doesn't look like they had the best form for whipping but it didn't look
nice what thing's not meant to be nice like classic torture but i don't know how effective
their whips were so i i don't know i don't know how bad it in its totality i don't know how bad it was
maybe terrible maybe just fine okay let's end with this bathtub hack for all our bath tubbers out
wait can i show this all right i'm gonna trust the system here and we're gonna watch this and hope
it doesn't get us in trouble let's see what's happening no sound on this one no sound just absorb the
visuals okay trusting the system trusting that this will be fine so far i'm certain certainly got my
attention i have the eject button ready okay so all right did she had what's she doing just all
butter it's a lot of butter oh hmm this could still take another turn and i'm really hoping it doesn't
oh for bathing the dog okay we're in that we're getting into the safe zone
we keep corn cob dogs that's an actual dog product nice that's innovation at work that's america right
there i don't know if that's even an american product leon it's definitely as someone who has to
wrangle a lot of animals sometimes wolves attacking me gotta wrangle them in the shotgun
clock clock clock sometimes just a dear old dog that i think i have a trap as a friend of animals
as a friend of animals 100 support this product purchase one today leon dot
kennedy store dot conspiracy dot glove we gotta stop making a website
uh who that's my merch store damn you have a merch store and i'm officially adding this corn cob to it
100 of the profits will go to a veteran this one all right that's a 7.73
right down the middle and a respectable 7.73 well i'm getting the light apparently
or i'm having a ptsd flashback all the flashbang grenades i've popped
bug heads with no we're getting that's just the light oh thank god so that's all the time we have
for today thanks for all your videos you can submit more of your videos at the cream dot team in
the bin thread section there's an amongst the web one is that right that's correct that's correct
and stay correct stay ready stay kicking leon kennedy out for the day yeah i'm kicking you can't see it
because the camera's too low but i'm kicking really hard yeah yeah yeah okay well it's time to
end this stream with a little audio punishment you've been behaving all stream long but you'll
get no quarter from me zero quarters i don't have any change it's time to make you listen to dj
music my 51st favorite live streamer of the year we made it top 100 top 60 i'll take it uh all right
leon hot tub a kick stream when my god just that filter plus like a mostly nude body is a disturbing
proposition it would be disturbing either way let's just put the filter on kendall and have her do
a hot tub stream that'll be better for everybody although equally strange looking actually now that i
really picture it maybe someday we'll do it so uh when i give you guys the house tour i actually
could i could stream in a yard now pretty easily i have like an outdoor plug now i have functioning
wi-fi that extends out to my yard so we could do an outdoor stream in a hot tub i've also i'm
considering getting a hot tub but they're so they're so they're an amount that i feel like i could
afford but that i can't justify spending let's look it up really quick hot tub i don't even know what
else to type it seems like these are just google results obviously there's probably deals you
could get but it seems like on average the price range for hot tubs is like four to ten
thousand dollars for like a good one and it seems like the kind of thing where if you don't get at
least like a decent one like this one's on way fair still 23 grand or 2300 dollars
inflatable sounds just like a recipe for eventual disaster this one's 600 dollars
but i don't know if i trust putting my decaying body into a cheap hot tub save the money and dig a hole
it is ultimately kind of a hole for water i also don't really trust myself to take care of it however
my neighbor hosue you've been on the stream before he was on the 24-hour stream briefly 20
dollars for this hot tub set a sub goal to get a hot tub the inflatable ones are very affordable
everything else is doable but i don't know expensive like this would be a pretty significant
purchase for the year for me it should be like this is the dumb thing i'm buying but it's marked down
from 10 grand and it just made a fun noise at me but look at these two this guy also has a beard
that i plan on having again ask kassim to sell you his also as knowing kassim now knowing a couple
people with hot tubs i don't think they use i don't think they use him that much the murder
mystery when that's a very fair question get a very large cauldron with fire beneath it like
whenever there's cannibals in a cartoon kassim's is worth more than the market value now wait they
go up oh yeah i guess i get a used hot tub but they what are they get once they've been once they've
been graced with kassim's body the price goes up add some weights to the yard stream and beef
cake crumb is reborn i actually have a i worked out this morning i have a little mini gym out
back now i could technically do some fitness streams and you guys can comment on how bad my
squat form is it's a very diy looking gym though um as i just set all of my equipment on a couple of
like unlaid concrete blocks um eventually if we ever get to live in this place legally the plan
is to sort of finish our backyard but not until then who knows if i keep up with it guys you might be
seeing a differently shaped case blackwell within the next year and maybe i'll have to get a hot
tub just for the muscle recovery is there a tape that you are legal currently barely legal i am
hoping all of the actual red tape is cleared up within two months um but it's i don't i have no idea
at this point it kind of feels like we're never gonna get those final approvals case doing squats
for subs i just don't think watching me work out would be very exciting but it would be a way to
hold myself accountable you don't believe i moved in well i want to show you guys the place but
i refuse to do it until certain things are put away and certain things still are not put away
we just have a couple boxes out that still need to be unpacked somewhere i gotta convince kennel
to do it though because it's a kennel box and i can't just go through the kennel boxes and make
decisions and what happens to the kennel box don't tell her i'm racking on her lack of putting
these boxes away though or i'll be in trouble like all the sex toys and those those are put away
those are in our dustiest cabinet those are under lock and key those are the source of dangerous
female pleasure did i rescue puffy bear yet no that's a good and that's another so so outstanding
sub goals i gotta throw a hot dog in my mouth we gotta make a new train theme we gotta make a new
we gotta make a bug theme for salazar technically the murder mystery was one of theonis
sub goals but i did agree that i'd help however i would argue the keyword there was help
and not just fully do it also we have the patreon tonight that's a good point and cast them just
texting me to confirm indeed it is fucking going i think theon is doing well she's been overseas
quite a bit uh she's dating a girl in i think germany somewhere european but she's good let's
send it to dj music to end the stream off because i do have to go soon and um someday we'll we'll rediscover
wherever fiona is but for now brace your brains for dj music oh yeah everybody it's been a little
bit different here i'm a dj music roof ever since my autotune stopped working they're getting a
more raw and unfiltered dj music the real music the unfiltered music y'all you know what i mean
i know it's hard to believe my real voice sounds this good oh those lasers are on the way don't even
laser time come on lasers there they go oh yeah
music is news sick no my my real voice is just this nasally all the time i've never been healthier y'all
oh let's see what else did k say he was gonna talk about today oh also drake there was some drake news
apparently let's check in with drake and see what he's up to there's also some mr beast news
but i don't give a fuck about him all right drake back in the lawsuit news that means we might have
to check in with little tommy big law after we cover this case ourselves little time a big loud
big dappers and big laws yi yi let's get a drake type r and b thing going to cover this drake news
and i would i also really unfortunate i don't have any autotune because it's kind of part of
poetry part two a drake type instrumental oh yeah y'all is my drake voice look at drake girl
girl i've been talking i've been talking around town i hear around town that you're not around
town anymore and i'm upset about that drake is me dj drake drake sick i'm pissed at this girl in
around town no more we used to hang out and stuff i don't even understand what happened girl
because we're both still in town but around town i'm hearing that you're not around town no more
and i don't know things changing that upsets me and part of me has to ask
it's because umg use not like us to tear down my career
sensations feel the sensation suing defamation all around the nation a spokesperson for universal
music groups tells tmz i got the need to agree i got the need for speed but let me lead not only are
these claims untrue but the notion that they would seek to harm me or you the reputation of any
artist that might be coming through let alone drake it's illogical but don't worry girl because my
soul is full we've invested massively in his music career and employees around the world have
worked tirelessly for many years to help achieve his historic commercial and personal financial
success yes throughout his career drake engaged in internationally successful use umg to
distribute his music internationally and poetry to engage in conventionally outrageous back and
forth grab battles to express his feelings about other artists and now he sees weaponizing of
this legal process to silence an artist's creative expression and to seek damages for umg
distributing that artist's music know what i mean girl yeah we have not engaged in defamation
that's since this sensationalization i'm still good at rapping i'm i'm dj drakezik
against any individual i'll bring the force of the legal this full at the same time we vigorously
defend this litigation to a good legal end to protect our people and our reputation as well
as any artist who might directly or indirectly become a frivolous litigation target for having
done nothing wrong more than a song i may be writing a song so i'm right or wrong all along i don't
know but girl you're not in town anymore don't forget that girl's not in town anymore because of all
the litigation against me dj drakezik but honestly the music's still sick and you love it they
never gonna take me up the front girl don't front bitch yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
oh yeah girl you're not around what's up with that
i'm not suing because my feelings weren't hurt it's because the legal process just works
and they did stuff that was wrong damn girl you in high school i have to ask that now
you weren't like always in high school were you you must have graduated by now right
just checking i just have to ask you're solidly in your 20s nice
all right well damn let's see um let's see what drake has to say about this
actually i don't know if i can really do a drake face i think maybe drake's still not okay to do
but his drake face is very funny looking i'm gonna just i'm gonna make he's canadian it's fine
damn there are a lot of drake filters it's just drake face everybody now we'll check him
with little tommy big law instead that seems like the safer option here i'd love to show you all
his drake face but i might have to keep that one for just up just me dj drakezik damn it where's
there's little tommy big law i gotta find him real quick you have a at your bite and do drake face
oh yeah if joe biden does it it's fine look i need to i need little tommy big law's
uh legal opinion on this matter i'm if drake actually has a legal foot to stand on so
let's send it let's grab it little tommy big law track uh drake type b yeah okay oh that's it
i'm assuming that's a drake it's a drake type beat i guess please welcome to the dj music roof at this time
for his expert legal opinion now he turned us a lot for the biggest little lawyer on the planet
it's little tommy big law in the house nah nah little tommy big law yeah
big laws in court seeing style of george i'm doing attitude adjustments while i snore cocaine
everything's changed little tommy big law and change the game the judge got a little booper
little little booper where's my little one what's that little tommy big law my binky's in the judge's
mouth what's up with that give me back my binky judge it's mine man no more she says i can't
have that nipple no more cuz i'm too old for nipple no more why am i too old for the nipple
now i'm just a boy want that nipple now mama give me nipple back milk from the nipple mama
a little tommy we brought you here for your legal opinion no nipple for mama
i nipple no more drink have a have any legal footing in this case is what i what does it does
do the the raptuses meet the legal term of defamation
okay please listen to what i'm saying
get to the good legal supplies the legal supplies of defamation if you said something that was
sensationalization sensualization not sensationalization or if you said that i was too old for a nipple
i'm not too old for that nipple that's defamation okay that was part that was sort of about what
i asked you yeah girl with that old breast i like the old breast the best when the milk comes out so
hot in my mouth there can be no doubt that the milk is all about me getting some nutritionally
satisfying milk for me only words that i see all day until i get so paid by the hot milk out
and with that i'm out is he actually gone i feel like he's still here oh he's gone um i guess
according to little tommy big law standard for defamation is knowingly lying
uh and slanderizing so maybe maybe drake has if he's really here's the problem i think drake is
fucking high school girls he puts out the vibe of a guy who fucks high school girls i'm just gonna say
that like just look at this picture and what's the over under on this guy fucking high school girls
i think it's over opinion allegedly no defamation i'm speculating i'm not saying it's true
so i think it could meet i'm just saying he's in the i think kendrick was in the vicinity of like
exploring the truth so does that count as defamation i don't know but i do know that's
apparently all the time we have for today so cradle of the grave baby got closer to the grave
today than i'd like let's get out of here though y'all let's find somebody to raid oh yeah how we do
we did a whole stream but here is the fucking search it's time to find somebody to rate on
twitch yeah yeah we feeling lean we getting mean so it's time to rate our boy brood screen what's up
what do what am i about to send you all to come through all right he's playing the game called
schoolboy runaway don't know what that is but i think that's okay all right yes all my girls and guys
i'm gonna send your bruised greens way so please say hi but that's the stream that's all the time that
case has for today we're gonna see what's coming up on friday that's the new schedule apparently
according to case he's screaming monday to the wednesday and friday okay that's monday wednesday
and friday i guess is the the new schedule case is planning on hopefully starting close to somewhere
between 11 and 1 so that he can have a full beautiful day ahead of him after dealing with all this hard
news that's it another stream and here is the stitch we got some people that we're sending the
bruised green that's the dream
sorry i just checking some messages before i go uh thank you all so much for watching
side tricks jakesauce reverie wolf knock cases brother liven sleazy the sinister death mr smith
uh boner salad dilemma oh what a stream we've had and thank you to little tommy big law for the
extremely expensive legal advice as always looks like the raid has happened so we're now in the
bonus portion of the stream any other thoughts little tommy big law nope and just way in place
all right you heard it from him you heard it from the lawyer bye bye