I'm Papito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Case Blackwell said Case was gonna do a weekly debate but thought it would be too confusing.
Who's on screen? Come on man.
Hello everybody.
Good to see everyone.
I have to change really fast, that's a great point Greg to you.
I pop out of the desk and then during that I trim.
But I do it. That's why I'm a professional.
That's not right.
Chaka42000, thank you so much.
Our latest sub goal is in fact unominating mayors for our upcoming Return to Rennerton stream.
I will only accept nominations once this sub goal is complete.
We have a request.
Let's see.
Oh my gosh, I didn't open all my stuff again.
I hate it when I do that.
Need JD Vance to let us know he's filming about the big debate. That's a great idea.
I can't cover it unfortunately. I agreed to do something else tonight at the exact same time.
I don't know how long a VP debate's been scheduled for this date actually.
Probably I should have known but I didn't.
But you know in a sense based on what Chat says I will be there.
If you just look at the screen you unfortunately might essentially see me.
I'm told.
Yeah, I'm in the debate. How could I cover it when I'm doing it?
I got someone addicted to Bellatro? Wait who said that?
Who said that?
Low tier Tyler. Oh I'm so sorry.
If it makes you feel any better the money I don't I can't confirm that the money is real.
I'm worried too. I check my bank account after every time I play.
I lose hundreds of dollars so far no.
But with any luck they'll monetize it soon.
A Bellatro hype train if you will.
Oh you won 5,000? Great job. You managed it.
It's really hard to win 5,000 actually so there's only a chance that you will.
It seems that as usual we started this off with a hype train.
It's an important part of the news process.
Talking to a train before you cover a horrible world conflicts that are currently raging.
But don't worry about that there's a train. Hype train how are you doing?
Trying to bum people out with a bunch of stuff. I'm busy.
I don't know if you figure out I'm busy being probably hyped.
Thought about that.
What do you mean?
Had to thought about how I'm hyped case.
It's sort of your whole thing. I can't really thinking about it. It's just so obvious.
Yeah cause I make it obvious this takes work. I'm actually really hyped.
And I love people giving me credit for that.
I think you get a bunch of subs isn't that the credit?
Nobody talks about how hyped I am.
And yet every day I come to this neighborhood.
Why is it always snowing there?
It's this neighborhood's not in good shape.
There's a very active volcano next to this neighborhood and this is actually all.
So white though.
Also the zoning is a great end.
The real business area is super racist so it is very white.
That's not what I meant.
Well but that's another but then that's you're scared to cover the real news here.
You're a train.
I'm a hype train but I'm not scared to cover the real news going on in my very real white neighborhood.
Anyway did you notice how I'm hyped?
Yes! It's literally, Ray Silva's got it right. It's literally all we talk about.
And don't stop. They need time soon.
Yeah I'm really hyped isn't that exciting?
Oh my god can you just thank people?
Maybe. Can I get a little appreciation around here?
You're getting nothing but appreciation.
But if I get a little bit more.
How much do you need?
Oh my back.
Is that necessary hype train?
What did I do?
And bits?
Why a Donkey Kong type beat?
I don't know man.
I don't make the rules.
What's that throat do?
It's your hype.
Stop it! You're gonna get me.
Nah you won't get me banned but maybe you'll turn people off even more.
Oh yeah that's a level 2 right there.
I need a Donkey Kong type trap beat to celebrate this case.
Everybody's saying so.
You're the only one saying it.
Show me what you got.
This is a... that's a news story.
This is your Donkey Kong type trap beat.
If this is what you really want hype trained.
I'll turn it up for you.
Where's the trap?
It's probably coming.
Do you hear it now?
That's the Donkey Kong trap beat for you.
I heard it.
Poor poor man's feeling it.
You know what I want?
I want this neighborhood like a benoba.
I'm an affrontant.
I'm just astimptant.
I'm the hype trained.
Give us some basic guzzy one.
They call me DK.
Donkey Kong.
That's with a K.
I spell K with a cock.
Spell K with a cock?
I'm the cock that you want.
I spell K with a cock.
Because I'm a firm.
Sorry everyone.
Can you please just thank the subs?
I can't do it man.
Just thinking about Donkey Kong today.
My thoughts and prayers are with Donkey Kong.
Why?
It's just a double on my mind.
Okay anyway.
Yeah.
Oh man.
This hype's not sleepy.
Getting a follow.
From Kenny who 23.
These subs are pounding.
21 months from Shaka 42,000.
We got 100 bits coming in from the center.
Dagonon Twitch 169 because they want it.
And the difficulty is snappin'.
100 bits dropping in man.
That's Ohio so we got Skate and Eric Skate and in.
Yeah baby.
15 months saying ah because it's crazy.
And that's it.
A solid meeting.
Level 2 hype train baby.
That's how I live it.
Donkey Kong die?
Yeah I killed him in a drive by shooting.
Jesus hype train.
I didn't mean to.
I just am a automobile.
I'm a locomotive vehicle.
So I'm kind of always driving.
And I was hunting.
And he wasn't wearing proper camouflage.
And I mistook him for a bear.
And I shot him on sight.
I was in Africa.
Is that even where Donkey Kong is?
Probably.
His initials were decaying.
He was really strong.
Oh yeah.
As a hype train RFK.
I was hunting with RFK as a prank.
We were doing what I call jungle pranks.
Jungle pranks.
Jungle pranks.
Oh my god.
For Rambaycon?
Yeah it was like a steak anyway.
Thoughts and prayers you shot you killed him apparently.
Killing these.
To these assobs.
It's Tam Tram.
Woo.
It is so god damn cool.
Five easy subs like he's King Deiru.
But he ain't that K-Ru.
No effect he's not cool.
Tam Tram baby five subs is no fool.
Donkey Kong game.
The vulture from the Donkey Kong game?
Yeah.
Can we pull up a clip of the Donkey Kong culture?
You know what I mean?
We're gonna say it.
Well look at this.
I'm gonna fill two Ks with a hundred of these two followers.
We got Apple.
It's trippin' on.
I think this will.
Uh yeah.
Draftrite is more like funky car with the boss ass surfboard.
Yeah look at this.
We're gonna be in a decay country ultra.
This is the song.
Oh there's a panther here.
I'm just asking you questions.
Isn't there a big ass bird that you kill in Donkey Kong and you murder it?
It's like one of the first things you murder on your path of destruction.
You know?
You mean this?
Is that a vulture?
What the hell else would it be? That's a vulture.
You get a banana?
I'm just saying.
I'm just watching the Dinspect man.
It's a buzzard. There you go.
No it's a well wait I actually don't know the difference.
There is no difference.
A buzzard is a vulture.
That doesn't sound right.
Anyway I cannot die.
I cannot tell a lie.
Rock of these DK bits baby do not ask me why.
He's a little ditty but not that one.
I'm that ditty following the big boy Donkey Kong cut his son.
Hmm unfortunate that he's diddy Kong.
He's diddy Kong.
If diddy Kong's wrong then you know I don't want to be right.
Stay in a ditty con house every single night.
Diddy Kong throw these hot parties baby way down in the jungle.
Everybody's getting for a lick.
Give me a know what I mean. They are in a struggle position.
Still on.
What?
Stop saying diddy Kong party.
It's a diddy Kong party.
Everybody wants to go to the hot diddy Kong party.
Diddy Kong party.
Everybody loves a diddy Kong party.
Pop open that bubble baby.
It's a diddy Kong party.
Vultures are hawks but sometimes call vultures buzzards too.
Diddy Kong is being sued by 120 co-weds.
I don't know if it's like a if it's a if I would call these defendants co-weds in the other diddy case.
Yeah but these are called diddy Kong.
Mighty Oz.
I'll do the thinking here. Mighty Oz.
You're really you're really clinging to life today.
Level three.
Level three diddy Kong party in the house.
I mean look at it go.
He had to fight this barrel in the diddy Kong country.
Everyone's favorite boss the barrel.
Diddy Kong party right there.
Smashing that barrel down baby.
This boss ain't fair.
He's rocking an outer butchering.
Jungle on the dillos.
Until doggie Kong says bitch you gonna explode that he killed his ass.
Killed that barrel.
Diddy Kong in the back partying cause he don't care oh that's the diddy Kong party.
On the floor.
Go.
Go stew my ass on the hot diddy Kong slo.
That barrel is full of lotion.
He had to go out and send his systems out before every level to fill up those barrels with lotion.
And the barrel was actually rebelling against diddy Kong.
I'm sorry everyone the hype train is really spreading a lot of misinformation today.
I just I refuse to believe this about diddy Kong.
And that's the problem.
Nobody believes you when you talk about the party's diddy Kong friends.
And the problem is that you're not going to him cause they're so fun.
Okay are you dead yet?
Nope.
Still alive.
I always know how to survive.
I get into the Kong party.
I'm feeling so much pride.
Stunner insisted to buy a bottle of Lube.
I'm in a whole bucket bottle of Lube.
I'm in a whole barrel bottle of Lube.
Was it a bucket of barrel or a bottle?
Maybe I'll drink.
You're definitely got to be dead soon.
No probably not.
I'm probably nobody wants me to go so I'm probably there forever.
I'm probably not escape.
Maybe I like the music.
I'll stop the music.
He died.
Anyway that was the hype train.
Seems like it's good of a way to start this stream as any.
Thank you so much for all the bits and subs mighty Oz.
Thank you for the hundred bits.
Dahuna thank you for the hundred bits.
A side effect.
Thank you for the three months.
I think the hype train missed it cause he was busy.
Talking about diddy Kong parties.
What can you do?
What can you do?
I'm just going to get straight into.
Touchy world event news.
So let's just pull off the bandaid and get right into it.
It's news time.
Get your hand out of my little...
Get that tiny hand out of here.
Yeah keep it close on me case.
Got a little rainbow on my collar.
Let me brush that off.
Good to see everyone on this.
Regularly normal day for the news.
I mean it's become a little more normal than I'd like.
Big face Rick.
That's my new nickname.
Big face Rick.
That's your nickname?
Yeah everybody's been saying.
They love chilling with big face Rick.
Big.
What are you doing?
Secret technology.
I can't tell you how I did that.
You're wasting your secret technology.
Yeah on this stream I am.
Unfortunately I can't do...
I would like to do the VP debate but I agreed to do a different thing tonight at six.
So...
I double booked myself right out of some JD Van stuff.
But you know depending on how it goes...
Shhh.
Depending on how it goes I might...
At high five.
How do I...
There we go.
Nope.
Nope we keep missing.
Look at that.
You're bad at high fives man.
Yeah I'm not the best.
The back out how it goes maybe I'll make some...
Classic TikTok content.
I do have a good advice face.
That's why it's important to let experts...
This...
More or less.
You're more or less an expert.
I'm more or less an expert in geopolitics so why not listen to me.
Anyway there's a trustworthy face.
Trustworthy brain.
Clear eyes, full heart.
Can't lie.
I feel like you lie sometimes.
Mmmmm you can't prove that.
Not a great response then.
You can't prove that.
I feel like I could prove that you lie sometimes.
You can't prove that you lie sometimes.
Well anyway with all that in mind let's just get into a little bit of hot breaking news.
The news is news we have no choice but to read the news.
I guess that's how that works.
When did Rickett classify as an expert?
Right everybody was dead.
Always man I was straight out of my mother's beautiful birthing canal.
What?
I came out with an active mind ready to become an expert and then was.
That's the weirdest description of what school did you go to?
The school of...
Of classified.
Okay.
Well anyway.
Can we get serious for a second?
Yes?
Okay because I'm trying.
You're trying.
I'm trying.
Israel says Iran has fired missiles at Israel and they've warned residents to shelter.
This has been happening.
This has sort of been going on this entire morning slash afternoon.
Redacted University is an accredited place that may or may not exist.
How is it accredited if it may or may not exist?
Well I can't that's why it's so prestigious you don't even know.
Let's get serious.
You're the one still talking.
Yes and you're giving me weird looks.
You guys don't see it but look at these weird looks he gives.
I'm not crazy here.
Look at how...
Can you imagine sitting next to this every day.
Barely moves.
Barely moves.
Looks so bored.
Let's get serious.
Well...
Rick can you just do the news?
Okay.
Iran has launched at least 180 missiles in Israel on Tuesday.
The latest in a series of escalating attacks in a year-long conflict between Israel and Iran and its Arab allies that threatens to push the Middle East closer towards a region-wide war.
A little bit of a rough start to this story.
But it's happening.
It's actually happening.
Yeah but I mean as a story it's a rough start.
Yes but it's also that's what's really going on.
The orange glow of missiles streaked across Israel's night sky as air raid sirens sounded and residents scrambled into bomb shelters.
Israel vowed retaliation for Iran's barrage which it says has caused only a few injuries.
Before Iran's attack Israel had landed a series of devastating blows in recent weeks against the leadership of Hezbollah in Lebanon.
It then ratcheted up the pressure on the Iran-backed militant group which has been firing rockets into Israel since the war in Gaza began by launching what it said is a limited ground incursion in southern Lebanon.
And this is really troubling stuff because you just can't have a foreign nation attacking another sovereign nation out of nowhere.
This is a huge escalation on the part of Iran.
Well it is an escalation but it could be a little you'd have to kind of put the blinders on and not see why this might be happening.
Because they're a destabilizing force in the Middle East case.
Iran that is.
Because they keep attacking other sovereign nations and they injured people.
Who else has done injuries to people recently Rick?
Bowen Yang really broke my heart with that chapel round bit.
Really?
No well okay so what you're trying to claim Israel is responsible for this?
You're trying to blame innocent Israelis?
No I'm not trying to blame innocent Israelis.
I'm just saying there's been a protracted ongoing conflict for the last year with thousands and thousands of deaths.
Is it really fair to just call this an escalation on Iran's part?
Yes.
Because that's what I'm doing.
So it must be, it's fair I've decided.
You think you need a Joe Rogan view on this?
Yeah we should probably cut to the Joe's. The people are calling for it.
Let's stick to the news actually case.
Israel has said it will continue to strike Hezbollah until it is safe for citizens displaced from homes near the Lebanon border to return.
Hezbollah has vowed to keep firing rockets into Israel until there is a ceasefire in Gaza with Hamas which is also supported by Iran.
And that's what was really being lost to your case.
People have been displaced.
Can you imagine what that's like to be displaced from your home?
Told that you have to leave because there's bombing, there's incursions.
And you can't go back to your, just total strangers show up and suddenly you have to leave?
Can you imagine what that's like for Israelis?
Sounds really bad Rick. I can't imagine what that would be like elsewhere as well.
I'm talking about this right now so you could just, to place all the way to a bomb shelter.
Yes.
Well anyway there's a video. People love video.
I don't know if they're going to love this kind of video Rick.
People love videos case.
Just in general we love, we're Americans, we love video.
We're pivoting to video real quick.
Don't get confused those aren't like the cool drones that they use to make like designs in the sky.
Those are the bad kind of drones that are missiles.
Originally there's other missiles, missiles, those missiles.
And sort of a dance of missiles.
Some people could say calling it a dance isn't poor taste.
And I say, we worked really hard to make these missiles dance.
Oooh.
Kick it to the streets.
Kick it to the streets.
A devastating kick it to the streets.
Don't blame the streets for this Rick.
Well the streets are crazier. I mean look at these streets. It's crazy.
This is just straight up a video from, oh yep.
And that's, you ever wonder what that looks like?
I think we're all a little unfortunately pretty acquainted with what missile striking cities looks like given the last year Rick.
Rick's all lately been playing his role of boner killer.
You don't think there's got to be at least one boner out there.
Why would there be a boner right now?
I just mean, I understand it'd be a confusing boner to get, but I'm probably still putting out at least one.
No Rick, I think you're batting a zero.
I mean everybody hits the ball every once in a while.
I think you've managed to do zero boners Rick.
Ivan Sleazy says boner maker.
Boner giver. That could be my new nickname.
Pivot off big face Rick.
The boner giver Rick.
That's the worst one yet. That's the worst nickname yet Rick.
Well, Israel military spokesman Rear Admiral Daniel Higari said the country's air defense intercepted many of the incoming Iranian missiles.
Though some landed in central and southern Israel, Israel's national rescue service said two people were lightly wounded by shrapnel.
And the West Bank Palestinian official said a Palestinian man was killed by a missile that fell near the town of Jericho.
Though it wasn't clear where the attack originated.
No telling who killed Palestinians today case.
Even in this story they managed to only kill a Palestinian?
Well we don't know who did. We don't know where that one came from.
We don't know where the missile that blew up a Palestinian today came from?
No telling.
Lady Citrix never been more flaccid.
Well, you can't get them all.
I hope that's true in certain contexts.
Okay, any response from the Harris campaign?
Oh yeah, I mean probably a good one.
Probably a good one. Let's just see.
Hmm, here she goes.
Wow, why is her audio so bad?
Iran launched approximately 200 ballistic missiles at Israel in a reckless and brazen attack.
I condemn this attack unequivocally.
I'm clear eyed.
Iran is a destatable and dangerous force in the Middle East.
And today's attack on them unequivocally.
I'm clear eyed.
Iran is a destatable and dangerous force in the Middle East.
And today's attack on Israel only further demonstrates that fact.
Earlier today I was in the situation room with President Biden and our national security team.
As we monitored the attack in real time and ensured that the protection of US personnel in the region is paramount.
I fully support President Biden's order for the US military to shoot down Iranian missiles targeting Israel just as we did in April.
We are still assessing the impact, but initial indications are that Israel, with our assistance, was able to defeat this attack.
There you have it.
Score one for America.
How are we adding to our score with this?
I don't... we just... she just said she defeated it.
When you defeat something, case, that's a win.
So today, congratulations everyone.
Huge win for America, it turns out.
Isn't that nice?
Wouldn't be my first word to use here. It's nice.
Well, you know, think of it this way.
Iran isn't even Lebanon or Gaza.
So in a sense, they're being a nosy neighbor.
And nobody likes a nosy neighbor.
So especially when they're lobbing missiles over your fence.
So I'm just saying, go watch like home improvement.
Be more like the guy who's just hat poked above the fence.
That should be your foreign policy.
Or else, question marks.
Your expert opinion could this lead to escalations?
Well, see, they're doing escalations unfortunately, so this is an escalation.
Of course, fortunately, Israel is still practicing the subtle art of de-escalating through escalation.
Unfortunately, Iran's not quite there.
They're not as advanced of a state in my opinion.
So they're just doing normal escalations unfortunately.
And we do hate to see that. It's very destabilizing actually.
And I've barely been... I've been wobbling around all morning.
And it's not just because I have a drinking prop.
It's not just because of my medication.
Can't we just send de-escalators to the Middle East?
We have so many malls.
Oh, well, we need those.
We need all the de-escalator.
Yeah, the ones that go down.
Because going down the stairs hurts your knees more actually, so...
We need a lot.
And that's all the news.
That's all the news already.
That's all I can... That's... We covered it.
They're destabilizing and we won.
Those are your deadlines for the day.
Well, I'm worried about it.
I mean, as pointless as it is for me to be worried.
It does seem bad.
And like it continues to ramp up.
And that if there's just a series of retaliations, it can only get worse.
And I'm more like...
Great News America 1.
Okay, thanks for your illuminating coverage as always.
And thank you, but there's other stuff to do.
So I think the important thing here is that we talk about our fun little debate tonight.
The two of our favorite characters, Jebediah Vance and Debbie Walserman-Waltz.
You don't even know who the VP candidates are?
Well, whichever the... Whoever the VP candidates are, they're doing a thing tonight.
And I think it's going to be... The fireworks are going to be popping off.
Not the bad ones that we saw earlier.
The fun fireworks, the verbal fireworks.
Maybe they'll ask him about the dog stuff.
And then he'll have to talk about the dog stuff.
I do. I am curious if they'll talk about the dog stuff.
We could get another week of TikTok remixes, but this time JD Vance case.
Which benefits you because you look like an uglier JD Vance.
An uglier JD Vance?
You look like an uglier, dumber, more Republican JD Vance.
How do I look more Republican?
I'm just saying that's your look.
I'm not imputing your character.
Just your face. Look at that face.
I look a lot like you.
Okay. Well, that would be some breaking news to me because...
No.
So anyway, that's all the time we have for this stuff.
Don't even stress. We got it covered.
We actually won.
And I'll send you back now to Case's cute little street stuff.
Okay, bye everybody. See you soon.
All my employees hate me. It does feel that way.
But, Peter, do you hate me?
Cheese?
That's not what I asked.
I can only confirm that I like cheese?
You can't even say you don't hate me?
I mean, I guess I don't. I don't really...
What is that again? Is that like not eating?
Yeah, do you like...
Do I remind you of not eating?
Well, you're not feeding me right now.
So you are kind of reminding me of not eating.
And so if that's hate, then feed me.
I'll give you some cheese during the next segment.
Oh.
And I love you.
Oh my God.
I love you, Case.
Okay, that feels good as I hoped.
Case Black was the Arnold and JD as to Danny DeVito.
Oh, and twins.
That means I do get pregnant though.
Or junior? Wait, was Danny DeVito and junior too?
I just pull up junior the other day for a cast and stream.
Junior movie poster.
Yeah, I think he's in that, right?
Yeah, he's the doctor.
You know, I have to accidentally call this movie Mr. Mom.
And that's a real shame because it is junior.
Yeah, he's in that.
He's also on the other twins.
They had a fruitful series of collaborations in the late 80s, early 90s.
In case you didn't know, Papita.
I obviously don't even know what anything is.
But I do enjoy those movies.
Oh, so you do know?
No, I don't know what those movies are, but I do enjoy them.
Yeah, Mr. Mom was with Michael Keaton.
But it kind of would be a better name for junior.
But I guess it was taken.
They also both played Batman villains.
Oh yeah, you're right. Damn.
Oh, to be a movie star in the late 80s, early 90s.
That might have been the best time to be a star.
A star.
Before social media when you could really get away with partying.
Really get away with it.
Same director as twins.
Oh, and I have so many chords going on today.
Kendall's using this earlier and it won't turn off.
I just have to let it die.
His road, Mike.
It's broken.
Here's Kendall.
How you doing, Kendall?
Kendall, like, can I say what we're going to tonight
instead of doing this VP debate?
Well, no, I mean, you didn't.
You're not making me go.
She's not making me go.
It is kind of funny, though, what we are going to.
Oh, you could do it.
It's like a dope holiday.
Well, I think you also know the official name of it.
I don't.
Oh, you don't?
No.
It's just it's some kind of Jack in the Box event.
Or like Halloween.
It's like Halloween, but Jack in the Box.
Yeah, and it's 21 plus only because it's like an open bar.
Well, Jack for you there.
I hope so.
I'm pretty sure they have like a Jack.
They're either Jack in the Box or they bring Jack.
No, I'm they like created like a person.
They created.
Well, isn't he like the weird little Jack in the Box looking guy?
Yeah, but like, yeah.
Anybody doesn't know.
Also because they're four, three, three years ago,
there was an open call, an open casting call to be Jack from the box.
Really?
Yes.
As like a streamer, like a VR.
No, not VR.
What am I trying to say?
Like a VTuber.
It was crazy.
And this guy won.
How Jack in the Box became a fast food dot dot dot.
Like Jake from State Farm.
No, like Iron Mouse.
Like like the like the DJ Marshmallow.
No, like a VTuber.
Like the Stafelf Marshmallow man.
No, that's he's no, that's Marshmallow the DJ.
I'm talking about VTubers.
Yeah, VTubers like dead mouse.
Stop it.
You guys are so mean.
Dead mouse five.
Dead mouse.
A VTuber in the box.
I could have gotten that.
I could do a Jack in the Box filter that I don't even have to put on the mass.
Anyway, I don't think it happened.
Matt says great Instagram pictures, Kendall.
We were at a wedding in Chicago.
We did it all.
Uncle Phil, I'd also actually never heard a Jack in the Box before I moved to Los Angeles.
I don't know if it's a, it wasn't a thing in Roanoke or at least never saw one in Chicago.
Although there could be one somewhere in Chicago.
It was a West Coast thing.
I think it might be a West Coast thing.
I really spent very little time on the West Coast before moving out here.
I think it might be a West Coast thing.
I guess we can find out.
Jack in the Box.
Locations.
And then the map.
All Jack in the Box locations, please.
Oh, it's not a map.
Oh, why would their website be a map?
Because that's cooler.
Hawaii's got them.
Anyway, I don't see Virginia or Illinois on here.
But South Carolina, surprisingly, yes.
Louisiana, Kentucky.
There's some Southern states with them.
Oh, wait, Illinois is on here.
Oh, no.
But not Chicago.
We're too cool in Chicago for Jack in the Box.
You've been to Jack in the Box in Hawaii.
Oh, right.
They didn't have a Jack in the Box in Pennsylvania.
My friend came to visit and asked why there was a snowman in the commercials.
It is a weird, I guess it's supposed to be a Jack in the Box-e-looking thing.
It mostly just looks like spooky Pinocchio.
Sort of evil spooky Pinocchio.
Okay.
I'm blowing up with texts.
One second.
Oh, shoot.
Kendall, can you talk to them for a second?
I missed a call.
What are we talking about, folks?
Is it ASMR time?
Everyone, this is a peach?
No, plum?
Plum?
I need everyone to turn off their AC units.
I know some people are going through heat waves.
Turn it off.
Turn off your heaters too.
Turn off everything.
Silence you.
No, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
No.
Shiver.
Oh, no, no, no.
No.
No.
I'm too son of a...
Oh, no.
That was my ASMR.
Now my mic's going to smell like plums.
And my voice is going to sound like plums.
You started joking.
A chat saved me.
Oh, thanks, Chad.
Thanks for keeping an eye on Kendall.
She eats dangerous.
So violent.
Isn't like, eating mouth noises kind of the worst part of listening to a streamer?
That's why you know what eats ASMR.
Or do people eat ASMR?
Somebody must like it.
I know people do candies, like crunchy candies.
But I don't know if they do anything outside of that.
Hmm.
Well, that can be your niche, Kendall.
You can be the streamer that eats a ton on camera.
And that doesn't eat that much.
It just makes the most noises while you eat.
While eating very little actually.
I feel like there are some people here who've never seen me do that bit before.
But they're all like, what the fuck?
They've probably seen you stir the mac and cheese.
I don't know.
I haven't done the mac and cheese in a while except for the one time we just did it one week ago.
Back in the day, when I had a pathetic normal studio in my apartment.
Not like now, where I'm.
As you can see in a very, in a very, in a very real studio.
Kendall used to do the mac and cheese sound all the time.
She's doing it to the side right now.
I guess she's decided, she's, oh, you're gonna show it off?
She's gonna show it off. Don't worry.
I don't know how to do it anymore.
Side effect, I've never seen you before.
It's Kendall.
I should introduce you every time.
Hey guys, this is my girlfriend, Kendall.
Hey guys, it's my girlfriend, Kendall.
I told you, there's someone here who doesn't know the bit.
Kendall, can you make a mac and cheese sound for us?
Oh, yeah, wait, go back up.
I need to know who that person is.
Side effect.
Side effect, side effect.
Close your eyes. Hold, hold, hold my plump.
Side effect.
This is specifically for, I know, I know it, I was like, do you see the sheen?
Anyway, this is for side effect only everybody,
but if you want to join, you can join.
Side effect, I need you to close your eyes.
And imagine a giant wooden bowl and a giant wooden spoon.
And in that bowl is mac and cheese.
And now stir.
It's not good enough.
I don't know.
It's not good.
It's pretty good.
I don't know, man.
I don't know.
So many mouth noises.
Much better.
Yeah.
That was perfect.
Okay.
Well, let's do another news and then we'll get to the streets.
I said we were going to preview this debate that I can't even watch tonight.
I got a jack in the box.
I got a jack tonight.
I can't watch the debate.
Let's see what's going on with it anyway.
It's slightly more news time.
Good news, everybody.
The news has arrived.
Good news.
The news has arrived.
Yes.
I am the good news.
And also the news looks like I've got a video actually.
Great news.
Additional great news.
There's a video.
Hello, everyone.
It's your pal Jeff Ripple here to fill your brain with my sonorous voice and
a couple of little factoids.
Little factoids?
That's what the news is, case.
Just a couple.
You got to sprinkle a little fact.
It's mostly about handsome people saying words.
And every once in a while, one of those words contains facts about reality.
Why are you explaining what news is?
And poorly.
Poorly.
You're just not listening carefully enough.
Going to a jack party sounds like something Diddy Puff would do.
Is that a Diddy Kong party or a Pete Diddy party?
I think that'd be more of the Pete Diddy party.
That's far from the only jack party in Los Angeles.
Don't you can do decent jack parties.
I've been to a lot of jack parties.
Are you talking about guys named Jack?
Yeah, guys named Jack who host parties.
And all such circle jerking.
Jesus.
Well, you know, we've all been young.
We've all been young.
We've all been young.
You never went to a classic CJ party.
I had a couple of friends named CJ who jerked off in circles.
Okay, Jeff.
It's just a coincidence.
I can't help it if coincidences exist case.
What are we talking about?
Oh, yeah.
Let's watch this guy preview tonight's important debate before you check in with JD Vance.
Oh, he's already here.
Vance, do you have any thoughts?
JD.
Any thoughts?
Mr. Vance.
Answer me.
I've been sitting.
You were just talking to me case.
Oh, good.
Case is here.
You just missed JD Vance.
Anyway, let's listen to what this guy has to say about time for getting which button,
but Peter oppressive buttons matter.
Preview tonight's important debate.
Who will win this guy will tell us and will be correct.
That's my prediction.
Your prediction for this video.
My prediction for this video is this guy will tell us and be correct.
You've got the vice presidential debate tomorrow evening and there are reports out today that Tim Walts is reportedly nervous about facing off against JD Vance.
He's a nervous little guy.
He's a very nervous vice president Harris that he's a bad debater and he's worried about letting her down according to reporting by CNN.
So quiet.
You can see the vice presidential debate hosted by CBS News here on Fox.
We will have live coverage of it with our whole team tomorrow night at 9 p.m. Eastern.
So we've got former House Speaker Kevin McCarthy here.
We will speak to him in just a moment, but first we begin with Ian Sams, Harris 2024 senior advisor.
Ian, great to have you with us.
Thank you very much for joining us today.
So what do you got for us, Ian?
That he's nervous.
Is this a classic lowering of expectations or is he actually concerned having not had that much experience at this?
Well, thanks for having me, Martha.
And I appreciate you giving us the opportunity to talk about this important debate tomorrow night.
I think this guy's nervous to see two running mates who are having to do very different visions for the country.
And just today, for example, we have a new report out from the campaign on famously Donald Trump in the first debate saying he has a concept of a plan on health care.
Well, right after that, JD Vance, his running mate came out and explained what that plan meant by pushing that we're going to reopen what are called high risk pools.
That's for people with preexisting conditions.
I was just asking you a question about how he's feeling going into the campaign, though.
Can you answer?
I kind of see why they don't talk about policy.
I'm a little bored.
You only gave it a minute, dude.
Kate Kyocra, thank you so much for the follow.
Yeah, but he started getting into it.
He started like saying like, oh, they did stuff.
Remember this stuff?
And I'm like, can you get to the point?
That was the point he was making.
Yeah, but could he get to the point?
Like, who's going to win?
That's the point he's trying to make.
Yeah, but he's nervous and it's boring.
And that makes me worried for Waltz, who's apparently a real bundle of nerves right now.
Well, that's what they're saying, but as Fox News is pointing out, I don't realize this is a Fox News clip.
But it is exciting to see what their take on the debate is.
Well, we're trying to get some fair and balanced coverage here case.
Is that their thing?
That's their catchphrase.
Oh, they have a catchphrase.
That's fun.
All right, I needed to give myself a break because he was boring.
I understand, Jeff, but let's get back in there.
I guess give him another chance.
What do you have for us?
Ian Sam's how Waltz is feeling because the reports are that he's nervous.
So that was my question.
Yeah, he's looking forward to the debate.
I think he's looking forward to debating JD Vance, who again is continuing to advocate for returning to high-risk pools.
That'll put people with preexisting conditions back into these high-risk.
He looks so mad.
Money and could kick them off of their insurance.
And so I bring that up.
He doesn't agree that.
Do you think they send their best advisor or their worst advisor to do the Fox News stuff?
I mean, it feels like a punishment.
But technically, if your aim is to convince swing voters, wouldn't Fox News be the place you're going to be?
Would Fox News be the place you want to put your best foot forward?
Who's swinging over at Fox?
Hmm.
I don't know if I'd...
They're swing voters.
Yeah, but who's swinging over there?
No comment.
What, are you swinging with one of them, Kayce?
I'm not, but you know, they do put out a swinging energy sometimes.
All right.
Well, anyway, I can't tell if this is their best or worst guy, but he's giving it a...
He's really trying.
But he's trying to do it.
So that's why we're going to hear that tomorrow night.
Yeah, we look forward to hearing them go back and forth on these things because you're right.
All of these issues are very important for us to hear the candidates talk about.
I want to ask you about this from Alyssa Slotkin in Michigan.
Alyssa what?
She was speaking to donors and this, according to Axios, said that she was concerned that Harris is underwater in Michigan.
She said, I'm not feeling my best right now about where we are on Kamala Harris in a place like Michigan.
We have her underwater in our polling.
What is your thought on that?
She's drowning.
And is that the case?
Well, I think it's a good reminder that this is going to be a really close race.
I think when we look to the fact that we have only 36 or so days left until the election, you know, the candidates are going to have to be out there earning people support.
And this is a 50-50 race.
All right.
I'm officially putting out the call.
Harris campaign, you got to get a more electrifying magnetic TV personality.
To go on the new stations that essentially are biased and hate you.
To really bring it to these terrifying stony face blonde women.
Terrifying stony face blonde women.
She looks mad and she's intimidating him.
He can't handle it, but I can.
As a stony face blonde man, I'll understand her.
We'll get a little juice going.
I'll get the swinging happening, the swing voting and the swinging.
Just put me on there.
It doesn't matter what I say.
They'll see this face and I'll be like, did you hear that Waltz is actually fucking pumped up?
He's been doing nothing but curls all day.
He's got his beard shaved just right.
He doesn't have a beard.
Well, that'll get everybody talking.
He grew a beard for this debate in under 24 hours and he's going to shave it before the debate.
That's the level of machismo and confidence running through Waltz right now.
Who's been pissing blood all day because he killed himself prepping for this thing.
Our toilets are filled with blood and you think he's going to lose?
So you're...
Does that mean you're kind of on the Harris?
You're going to vote for Harris?
I don't really vote.
I have a journalist we're not allowed to.
No, you can vote, Jeff.
No.
We're supposed to have integrity case.
We can't be voting and covering voting.
You are allowed to vote, Jeff.
That's my case.
We'll never really be a journalist because he votes.
Hmm.
Well, you know, when you put it like that, I agree.
Finally, we agree on something.
He grew a debate from sheer debate testosterone and he grew big milky tits.
What?
He's not trying to be sexist.
He also grew big milky tits.
Jeff, I think that sounds more sexist than just...
Whatever that other guy was saying.
The boring stuff that you already forgot?
Everybody would be talking if I went on Fox News and said,
Waltz has grown big milky tits and a full beard for this debate.
Yeah, that would probably go a little viral, Jeff.
But I just don't know if it would be helpful.
That's all that matters is getting some attention on this thing.
It's the underdog debate.
It's the two little dorks having a little playtime in the corner.
We got to pump this thing up.
You're not going to move any tickets.
Did you watch the Vince McMahon documentary?
Yeah, that wasn't my takeaway.
The promotional aspect.
Well, I picked up a few promotional tips and I'm just saying put me in there.
I could really get this debate going.
All right.
Well, I guess it's kind of pointless to predict how the debate will go.
We all probably have a general sense of they'll ask about immigration.
They'll ask about Israel.
They'll ask in the proximity of the same questions.
They'll probably...
I'd be surprised if they don't bring up like the Haitian migrant stuff
that JD Vance has been making up.
No, he heard it from a guy.
You just have to get people talking whether it's real or not.
Just tell them Waltz is eating cats.
What do you remember from the first debate case?
The dog and cat thing.
There you go.
JD Vance is eating his own milky tit breast milk.
He's solidifying it into a gelatinous breast milk.
And that's all he's been eating.
And his aides are worried.
Because you can't...
You've got to add some other stuff to the circle.
Right now he's a closed circle.
You're really on the milky tits thing.
Yep.
Yeah, I am.
Anyway, you want to talk to JD about how this thing's going to go?
Based on Ian Sam's, my guess is it's going to be boring.
But that could just be Ian Sam's.
I think Ian was just trying to...
He's in a slightly hostile newsroom and he's trying to put a few facts in there.
Or they got like the dorkiest looking Democrat just so that they could have their
pretty blonde lady make mean faces at him.
Or that I only eat my cereal with the finest tit milk.
That's because you're a connoisseur like Tim Waltz,
who's prepped for this debate.
Really take it to Vance.
Ask him, have you been drinking your own breast milk?
But that's just the thing you just made up for no reason, Jeff.
Exactly. Ask him about it.
All right. Well, let's get over there and I guess ask him about it.
Get over there and ask him about it.
And I'll get out of here because I think I did a good job.
At least you think you did.
And when a good job happens, it creates ripples of memories.
And those memories are rippling into the future with you forever.
All the ripples we made today, I'm Jeff Ripper.
All right. Well, that was illuminating.
I guess let's talk to my brother from another something.
My brother from another universe, my least favorite universe.
Who doesn't look that much like I'm doing a bit.
He doesn't look that much like me and you'll be able to see once he's here.
And if you have any questions for JD, be sure to throw them in the chat.
Because I do think he has a fair amount to answer for.
But Senator Vance, thank you so much for being here.
Here's JD Vance, everyone.
Well, it's really honestly very good to be here.
And I'll put that on your show just to this day, this monumental day where I,
JD Vance, get to really finally mop the floor with what I call the father of weirdos,
the mother of weirdos, Tim Waltz.
He doesn't look that much like me.
Hello. Oh, sorry. Hi, JD. Thanks for being here.
Say it like you mean it, pal.
Wow. Just another aggressive ill informed liberal newscaster who already has his biases showing.
We might be wearing the same jacket, but did you check it for biases case?
Why do we give you a jacket?
Why wouldn't you give me a jacket?
Every new show I go to, they give me my own jacket.
Well, look, JD, I know you've got a big night ahead of you.
Apparently Waltz is nervous. Are you nervous?
I don't get nervous. I get cooler.
You should have thought of look nerves are for nerds.
And actually, I'm very cool. That's why I play magic.
And I wrote a book. Those are nerdy things.
Yeah, but I, but when I did them, they became jock things.
If you read my book, you'll learn that I'm a really cool guy who'd never had problems.
Okay. Well, look, we have some questions from chat.
Do you use makeup sharpie for your eye makeup?
Look, I know people love to say that I, I just have a dark complexion.
Okay. I have what they call mid 40s actor playing an Arabic guy condition.
What? It's a rare condition where you have the eyes of any white actor from the 40s who was playing like an Arabian king.
You have, you have racist eye condition.
No, no, no, that's just it's a colloquial term and the official term.
Unfortunately is mid 40s actors playing an Arabic guy condition on my eyes.
You will Brenner disease.
Well, that's like, that's the colloquial term, but I don't really want to come for the Brenner family.
He's actually an incredible actor.
And for his time, he was wearing time appropriate makeup actually time appropriate makeup.
What do you mean for the time?
That's it's like special effects of all.
There was no other way to let people know that he was an Arabic guy unless he put on really dark eyeshadow.
Okay.
If a dog jumped on your couch, would you get jealous and eat it?
Well, only if maybe only if some migrant chefs lived under my couch.
And if they were, I'd say get out from under there and the towels are down there for a normal reason.
What? What? What?
What aren't you getting? Sorry.
I was using an analogy and maybe that's a little too complex for you.
What analogy?
I said the only reason I'm eating the dog is there were migrant chefs under my couch case.
And maybe and if there's towels under there, they're there for a normal reason.
Keep up.
It didn't make any more sense the second time you said it.
Next question.
What? I don't think you can do that.
Next question.
Okay.
Mr. Vance, which do you think is the better circle jerk orientation?
Everyone pointed towards the middle or everyone pointed towards the person to their left.
I always point to the right.
That's a joke.
You don't, you just by the time you have to say it's a joke, that's a bad sign JD.
Well, and by the time you're not jerking to the right, you've already created a big party follow situation actually.
So who's really making mistakes here?
My campaign had Johnny Cords.
Johnny Cords.
Yeah, that's my campaign advisor Johnny Cords.
I think it was just Kendall.
You were making too much sense to be more unhinged.
Sorry that I actually use facts and reason and experience to give answers to my arguments.
For instance, you didn't have a single listen, you can make pasta without slopping a few meatballs in there.
And the same thing is true with this country.
We can't do the important business of governing without making a big sloppy meatball mess.
And for too long, this country's been afraid to like really get marinara on their hands.
I'm in the kitchen.
Have you been in a circle jerk?
You answered that circle jerk question pretty quickly.
Well, I'd say the only circle jerk I've seen is actually this press conference right here.
It's not a press conference.
I'm the only one talking to you.
This press conference right here is probably the biggest circle jerk of them all.
And everybody here is pointed to the left and they're making a big mess on the floor.
They're not even landing on each other's buckets.
And your jerk buckets and you slide one to your right.
And then you aim for the bucket.
Listen up Jack.
Microphone on 900 just now.
I'm a jam 500 shiny tasty coins and I've been dying to say this.
What's that Mr. President?
You know Kamala has gone them up the floor with you.
Just stay home tonight and have a threesome with your wife and the love seat.
Okay.
Okay. Well, first of all, we can't both fit on the love seat.
There's no room.
I'd have to be too perpendicular at that point.
She's sitting on me because you have to angle down.
Obviously.
The love seat also was a mono cushion.
So there's really no place to put it.
So maybe think again, Mr. President actually maybe finally have some facts behind what you're saying.
Don't think that you can fuck a mono seat love cushion.
Sorry love seat.
Love cushion is something else.
It's got a hole built into it.
Oh my God.
Okay.
What is one more question for you?
Would a circle jerk be more appropriate?
Well, we'll do two more.
Would a circle jerk be more appropriate for a modern political climate?
Well, don't do my voice.
I mean, in a sense because look, every day I talk to the constituents of this, of my state and also this nation.
And every day they come up to me and they say, the fucking target's locked.
Are you the manager?
And I say, no, this is actually campaign event.
I believe the target's actually two blocks that way.
Why'd you walk all the way here?
They said I heard a bunch of noise.
The target's like closed, but it's Friday during business hours.
What's going on?
I say, I'm not the manager actually.
I'm currently on stage.
I'm holding a mic.
You came over here.
You just started screaming.
And then that's usually how it ends.
What was your point there?
My point is I talk to people every day and there's real issues in this country.
And Americans are fed up.
The target is locked.
There's black people.
I mean, there's people.
I mean, there's a black eye on the people because of the mistakes other people have made.
If you have sex on a couch, does it count as a three way?
Yes.
If the couch is named.
I mean, no.
You got to think before you speak, man.
I'm thinking at a very high level all the time.
So, and I think we'd use a little bit more of that because honestly, JD,
you got to finish the thought.
I'll finish the thought.
Couch.
T-H-O-T.
Couch.
Does a foot fill stool fulfill two fetishes?
That's fucked up.
That's a baby couch.
What footstools a little child couch?
You have some fucked up people in chat.
They're bringing up fucking baby couches.
You better everyone.
You better.
Have we asked the hard hitting sofa questions yet?
I'll tell you when I've hit the sofa hard.
Okay.
It seems like you're really embracing the couch thing.
No, I'm not.
I never did.
And I haven't ever embraced a couch.
I can't help it if you can't tell when I'm being a joke.
You can't even tell when I'm being a joke.
I've been a joke this whole time.
And I'll keep doing that.
And you're not going to stop me because I love to do that.
You love being a joke.
I love to do joke to be that.
Okay.
This really is the last one.
If you bought a couch from Craigslist, is that technically prostitution for you?
Okay.
Look, if you buy a couch and you buy it on a payment plan and then maybe partway through
that payment plan, you say, actually, this couch has got a lot of holes in it and it's
older than it was advertised as and you return it.
And then the guy that you bought the couch from, say, at a Target, hypothetically, says,
no, you got to pay for the full couch, man.
You can't return this.
He's in an alleyway.
He's in a big fur coat.
He's got a bunch of coaches behind him.
He said, why can't I have that couch?
That's not prostitution.
That's just trying to return a couch.
You bought a couch from a couch pimp?
No, I bought it from a target alleyway.
And Lucinda just didn't come as advertised.
And is that the story you're referring to?
Because do you like him big like a sectional?
No.
Can we do some non-couch questions?
This is crazy.
This is crazy.
Are you just trying to, oh, gotcha.
I own a couch.
Rent a center as prostitution for JD Vance?
No, it's not at that.
I don't think you're going to do that wellness debate.
No, that's where you're wrong.
You're actually a debate guy.
I mean, you have debate guy energy, but you're just so unlikable.
I can't imagine.
That's what people really like me.
And that's where all of you are wrong.
Everybody's wrong about this.
People really like me.
And if you're looking at the screen right now and thinking, uh-uh,
then I don't know what to tell you because it turns out actually you're wrong
and gotcha and shut up.
Was that your debate style?
My debate style is winning, actually.
And that's what I just did.
Uh, Tiger Blood winning.
Oh my God, dude.
Come on, that is so...
I'm bringing that back.
That's my thing now.
Tiger Blood winning.
People like me.
New Magai Dance.
Why are you so stuck in 2010?
Opa Gangnam Style.
Oh my God.
Can I has debate win?
Anyway, I'm just having fun.
I'm just having fun because this is like a joke thing.
I'm doing a joke again.
All right.
I've talked to you way too much.
Jared from Subway in the chat.
That's exciting.
I mean, because he's a celebrity.
I didn't assume anybody famous would be watching.
Jesus Christ.
Is that all the time we have?
Yeah, you know what, JD?
That's all the time we have.
Okay, because I got to get to the thing.
I think I have to go to a jack-in-the-box event tonight.
So I do have to go.
You have a debate tonight.
Oh, shit.
Oh, fuck.
Oh, come on.
Come.
Sorry.
I got upset and I had to think of the right.
I got to think of a safe word to use when I'm mad now.
That's what my therapist says.
Anyway, they get to get to a jack-in-the-box event.
You have to go to your debate.
Oh, shit.
I double-booked.
Fuck.
God, pit.
Come, hall.
All right, JD.
Thanks for being here.
Thanks, man.
I got to get to the debate.
Oh, fart come.
Shit.
All right.
See you later.
Dude, this is actually kind of a good-looking guy.
I let him see it.
I'm like, when you hold still, man, you're really still.
Kind of a good-looking guy, actually.
Me too.
We're just a couple of good-looking guys.
We're just good-looking guys.
That's fun for us.
I mean, I just agree with you.
Everything you say sucks, but when you look this good,
all you're saying sometimes doesn't even matter.
Anyway, you are going to want to do chair.
Chair's like a teenage coach, so it's fine if it's 18.
All right, see you later.
Don't feel good about that.
Don't feel good about any of that.
You have stuff to do.
What do we have to do?
Well, we got to move on.
There's stuff that we got to do other stuff.
I learned a lot there.
Why did you learn, Pepito?
I don't know.
You didn't even learn anything.
I think I did.
I think I learned some stuff there.
That couch is really dirty now.
What did he do to the chair?
Good thing that these cameras are mid-chest up.
I was seeing some stuff on my monitor.
You're not going to get a doggy bag from the Jackbox party?
Get me one.
Get me one of the Jackboxes?
It's like a fast food plate.
What?
How fast is it?
It's very fast.
Get me a horse and I will ride it down and impel the food.
Can I come?
Sure.
What?
Sure.
Yeah, sure, whatever.
I'll save my life.
Well, I'm happy to make you happy, Pepito.
Oh, fuck, I'm- oh, shit, I double blocked.
I have to do a debate.
What?
I have to do the debate tonight.
Why do you have to be there?
Fuck, I'm double blocked.
I gotta- they invited me.
I have to moderate the debate.
I'll be under the table whispering all of the debate questions.
To the guys above and then they feed me little sticks and stuff.
They're feeding you sticks?
Yeah, I'm moderating the bait from under the table.
I'm getting paid in sticks I'm going to eat.
You should have negotiated better.
Well, where were you when I was negotiating, Case?
Do dogs have their own president?
Yeah.
And then weirdly, it's hand-to-hand.
It's Hamtaro from the anime Hamtaro.
We could not rally behind a good candidate,
so we nominated an anime hamster.
It's a very divided political system.
Okay, well, let's do one of these segments we have lined up.
We gotta go amongst what we gotta do in music and...
We also have to do the streets.
Let's do the streets first, because it was requested first.
Let's see how Tripp is doing.
I'm sure he's feeling very rational.
As always, if you want to send Tripp a thought, an opinion as he likes to say,
Exhumation Point Tripp is how you do it.
It'll kick that opinion straight to the streets.
And for now, let's kick you straight to the streets.
It's Tripp on the streets.
Green new jacket blending into my bush.
Case said, I'm giving out colored jackets to everybody.
New colors for the jackets.
I said, finally, I can hide in my bush more perfectly.
And nobody's bothered me since.
I appear like a phantom from my bush.
And they're like, there was a guy in there impossible.
His jacket blends in perfectly.
Anyway, I've got to do jackets, my point.
Good to see everybody.
I'm Tripp Radstein.
I am, in fact, a man of the streets who's currently on the streets.
I like the streets.
Let me see.
Looks like I've lost something really quick.
I do do do.
Where did Case put my street stuff?
There it is.
All right.
Ah ha ha ha.
All right, let's see who's out here today on these streets.
Who wants to talk to me?
I'm Tripp.
Um, all right.
If you have an opinion that you'd like to send to me,
exclamation point trip is how you do it.
It'll kick that opinion straight to the streets
in a flawless system that I never mess up.
And then I will find you out here.
I'll find you on the streets.
Don't get confused.
I swear to God it works every time.
Hmm.
All right.
Uh, let's talk to this guy.
Are you there?
I'm Tripp E.B.
You've got an opinion for me?
Tripp Radstein.
You were just right there already.
Ah, you have been chosen.
I'm Jif Jopanaka, president of Bushmasters International.
Just international?
Yes.
We've had an eye on you and are delighted with how you've
trend-tended your Bush.
It's a magnificent Bush, wiry and luscious.
And we want to honor you with the title of...
Oh my God, what is it?
Bushmaster!
Sorry, everybody.
Holy shit, that was loud.
All right, I got pumped up.
Let me try that again.
Bushmaster.
Holy, holy hell, really?
Yes.
Here is your honorary pair of clippers and sensual bush oil.
I teleported it to your bush.
Was that how you teleport?
That's how I teleport.
It's one of my powers.
Okay.
And also, help keep the bush looking wet and grand,
is why I gave that to you.
All right, weird way to put that.
Listen, park people, everyone behold.
Your newest Bushmaster trip, Bradstein?
You don't even know my name.
Bradstein.
A few celebrity words trip?
You know, and just celebrate this incredible honor?
Um, look, I don't sleep in that bush for awards.
I do it because it's...
could arguably be called a kink.
But a life one, not just a sex one,
one that I essentially embody at my very core.
My identity, if you will, is man in bush in park on street.
And an essential part of what I just said is in fact the word bush.
And that's why even though it's not why I do it,
it's an honor to today finally be recognized as a Bushmaster.
Great.
And now I will need you to...
film a porn.
What?
To celebrate being Bushmaster,
I need you to do a porn where those ladies with really, you know,
big ones.
God damn it.
What?
It's an honor.
I thought this was real.
Oh, it's real.
It's a real trip.
Come on.
I'll just accept the award, I guess.
But not the prize.
The prize is...
there's some big ones, man.
You're the Bushmaster.
All right.
All right.
Pass on the prize.
Wow.
You're the first one to ever pass on the prize.
And that's why you have been awarded the title of Honorary Bush Slayer.
What?
You now have the...
you have approval from us to kill any Bush in a porn.
In my porn.
All right.
I'm not going to be in Bush Slayers either.
Bush Slammer.
You have been awarded the honorary title of Bush...
All right.
I'm...
enough.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I accept the titles.
And good day.
Damn it.
You are good.
He's good, everybody.
I'll be back to award you more.
You don't want the prize eventually.
I'm good.
Jeff Japanica.
All right.
Jeff Japanica.
Out.
Her space is where I am.
Bye-bye.
Big fan.
He brought outer space with him.
All right.
I got a hurry up here.
There's a lot of people to talk to today.
Let's see who else is on the streets for me.
This looks like a talkative fellow.
You there, little man.
You want to talk to me?
I am Trippy B.
What?
Bring your hand tarot.
What?
Huh?
Bring your hand tarot.
What are you saying?
Bring your hand.
Hello, what's wrong?
Bring it up.
Bring it up.
Bring your hand tarot.
Bring out hand tarot.
I don't...where?
Where is hand tarot?
Bring him out.
I don't...I don't have hand tarot here.
Bring out.
I...okay, hand tarot.
The president has to be stopped.
The president of dogs.
Why would hand tarot be the president of dogs?
Because there's been a...it was a...it was a fake collection.
Fake news.
Everybody saw it.
They stole it from me.
Ham-teto.
Ham-teto.
I'm Ham-teto.
Ham-teto 2024.
Bring out hand tarot.
That stupid idiot can't...
dumb idiot doesn't even get it.
No experience can talk about anything.
Dumb.
Oh my god.
I'll make dogs hamsters again.
Oh.
Why'd you have to make it political, Ham-teto?
Bring out hand tarot.
I don't have them.
And that's what everybody's saying.
Everybody's saying that.
I don't even know where he is.
Where is he?
Okay, Ham-teto.
Thanks.
Well, no thanks.
You didn't even bring him out.
I'm in a hurry, so he's not here.
Ask somebody else.
I'm a big fan, though.
Honestly, you're a huge fan of this product.
Okay.
Well, let's see.
Who else is out here for me?
Such a cute little guy.
So angry.
Didn't expect it.
Ahem.
Alright.
Let's see what this guy has for me.
You there, big fella.
You wanna talk to me?
I am still Trippy B.
Oh, hey there, dude.
Tripp, I'm Wharton Wrestler.
If I was to be elected Junior Vice President of America,
I'd promise everyone a sub to bin news.
Ha ha ha.
Hmm, that might actually not be the crowd for it.
It's also, it's the only crowd for that statement,
but also, 90% of the people here are subbed.
Anywho, I think that Vince fella is going to go far as a furniture salesman.
Vince?
Sorry, Vance.
I'm really passionate about his work.
I really like the guy.
And that's what this country needs right now, brother.
Who's you? Who are you?
Wharton Wrestler.
What?
I thought you liked to chill.
You don't have any questions for me?
I'm just a little confused by the whole presentation here, Wharton.
What are you, what are you, what are you getting, brother?
Um, well, you look like Hulk Hogan.
Nope.
Ah.
I got, honestly, probably at best,
with like a 15 inch python.
Hmm.
Well, he's pretty old now.
He's got a cooler voice.
Well, that's true.
He does a little bit of a cooler voice.
And I'm Wharton.
I'd say a big difference is that I'm Wharton Wrestler
and he's Hulk Hogan.
He really kind of stealing his look.
Lots of guys look like this.
That sucks for us because we wake up every day
and this is the face God gave us.
Well, blonde hair and a handle bar mustache.
I don't, we don't get to pick what we look like.
Those are stylistic choices.
I wish.
I'd have natural blonde hair like you.
This is totally white.
Yeah, like really blonde.
Okay.
Well Wharton, um, I'll pass along your regards to Mr. Vance
if I ever see him in the park.
Oh, please do.
That'd be an honor to meet him because
we actually use the same couch pimp.
Oh, okay.
Incredible prices on used coaches.
Honestly, it's kind of giving them away
because some of those coaches are really used.
All right.
Thanks, Wharton.
Oh, thank you, man.
None of people telling truth to power nowadays
and I think brother.
What?
Oh, sorry.
Sometimes I forget everything.
All right, Wharton, please go.
Oh, okay.
Sorry.
I thought we were still vibing, but I get it.
You're a busy guy.
I'm a big fan.
Sometimes you meet a fan and you're like,
Oh shoot.
What kind of vibe am I putting out if that's my big fan?
Okay.
Let's talk to this thing.
You there.
You want to talk to me?
I'm Trippy B.
Hi, Tripp.
Hello.
I think Tim Waltz should beat Vance at his own game.
Okay.
And hump a couch during the debate.
Are you like a rabbit?
Anyway, what?
Americans.
Yes.
If he can beat Vance,
I think he can beat him.
Americans.
Yes.
If he can't unite Americans,
he can't allow the couch-hoping vote block
to go completely conservative
because they only currently identify with one candidate.
Are you tracking what I'm saying, Tripp?
I'm really trying to.
Look, do you agree?
I just asked me about it.
I asked if you're tracking.
Do you agree with what?
With my statement that you think that he can allow
couch-hoping vote block to go completely conservative.
Well, if anything, isn't he giving couch-hopper a bad name?
Now, he's brought us great visibility.
It's a struggle not to vote for him,
even though I disagree with certain of his other policies.
Okay.
Well, listen, Tripp, the question is, do you agree?
Or are you some kind of kami bastard?
Wait, what are the other policies you disagree with
if you're comfortable using kami as a,
you know, as an insult?
I don't like, um...
I don't like that he's from Ohio.
Oh, that's not a policy.
That's a policy.
I count that as a policy.
I just don't...
I don't vibe with Ohio.
Sort of like he's sort of stealing valor from West Virginia,
you know, but really, he's an Ohio guy.
What's that about?
That's your problem with him.
I just don't like sorry Ohio, not my vibe.
What are you exactly?
Are chairs considered foreplay?
That's coming from chat.
Well, huh?
Yes.
Oh, there are.
Yep, that's foreplay.
Chairs are strictly foreplay.
And that's why sitting is only a misdemeanor.
What?
You can't go to jail twice for sitting,
for fucking the same chair.
A misdemeanor.
I don't think you understand laws
or what country you're in.
Yes.
Correct.
Okay, well, thank you for your opinion
on the upcoming debate tonight.
Are you going to watch?
No, I have to go to a Jack-in-the-Box thing.
Oh, fuck, I double-booked.
I'm also supposed to go to a Burger King debate.
All right, that's too confusing.
I don't have time for that.
Thanks for being here.
All right, well, that's all the time we have,
and I am an excited to actually do that.
Jesus.
All right, well, let's see who else is out here today.
Yes, you there.
Yes, you there, friend.
Do you mind talking to me?
I'm Trippy B.
My name is an important...
Does your mic smell like plum?
What?
Does your mic smell like plum?
My name doesn't matter.
Okay.
Okay, can I smell it?
What?
Your mic, do you mind?
Um, okay.
It does.
Strong, small plum smell.
Okay, well, if that's all...
Okay, that makes sense.
I keep plums in my bush.
Whoa.
Cases might smell like plums because of candle.
I keep plums in my bush.
It's one of my primary sources of sastanins.
I want to lick it.
What?
Can I lick it?
What?
Your microphone.
Can I lick your microphone?
Um, I just don't really...
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
It tastes like a fucking couch.
Smells like a plum, tastes like a couch.
What the hell?
This is oddly sensual.
That's one way to describe it.
Okay, I gotta go.
It's the whole time I have.
What?
You have to go.
Yeah, I'm out of here.
I feel like I don't love whatever just happened.
Or do I?
I don't know what to think about that.
Let's see who else is out here on these streets.
Ahem.
Uh, okay.
Sorry, I'm just looking at who else might be out here today.
Ahem.
All right.
Yes, you there.
Do you have some thoughts for me?
I'm Trippy B.
Okay.
Okay.
Well, all right.
At least he was quick.
Ahem.
Sure.
Whatever.
Didn't have time to get the deal from that guy.
Possibly never will.
All right.
Who else is out here today?
Ahem.
Yes, you there.
Oh shit, it's this guy.
I am the Park Ranger.
I believe we've spoken previously.
Just informing you that Pappito
has urinated on your bush.
Oh great.
Park.
What?
What did Pappito do?
Ah, what happened?
Excuse me?
Who are you?
I'm the Park Ranger.
Ah, what's going on with you?
I'm just doing park.
I'm busy doing park stuff.
Anyway, I'm so sorry.
For which part?
I just watched porn last night that involved a bushy woman in piss.
That reminded me that I saw Pappito do that.
When?
This morning.
Wait, you just watched it this afternoon, the porn.
Reminded me of what I'd seen this morning.
And I thought despite our previous disagreements,
the responsible thing to do would be go tell Tripp.
All right, Mr. Ranger.
What is your job here?
Park Ranger.
Obviously I'm running for Park Mayor.
But my job is Park Ranger.
I don't need to get into the logistics of this again.
Well, I'd love to count on your vote.
Because I've been Park Mayor for, sorry, Ranger for days.
I got fired after our last conversation and I just got rehired.
And I'm proud to announce the reopening of my campaign for Park Mayor.
All right, well look, there's too much lore here.
The word?
Well, but what if people don't know it?
Then good for them.
They shouldn't have to.
Okay, well, I'm just counting on your vote just so you know.
I'll mark you as voting for me.
How does voting work?
Wait, what?
Mark, well, I didn't...
Shoot.
Okay, well, I didn't really tell him I would.
I don't know if I care about the whole voting process.
At the same time, I'm a little bothered,
but he's just assuming I would?
Now I'll mix it up inside right now.
All right, let's see who else is out here.
Um...
What the hell?
What's your dear little guy?
You coming...
Oh, he's coming right up.
Dog.
Dog.
I ran up some really weird political agenda.
You eat me?
Um, well, first of all, happy birthday.
Thank you.
Okay, listen, ran up Park Dog.
Sorry, what was your question?
Would you eat me?
Eat you eat me?
If you...
If you were hungry and had some really weird political agenda.
You eat me.
Um...
I don't think so.
To survive.
Or is some type of sexual fetish that's up to you.
Um, what I'm really trying to say is,
can I fucking eat with the Mushmaster?
This has already gotten around.
It would be an honor, sir.
Sir, it would be the honor of my lifetime.
The honor of my lifetime just to have the chance.
A chance?
A chance.
A fucking eat with the Bushmaster.
Just that one shot.
One opportunity to piss and fuck with you, the Bushmaster.
You're a little dog.
Yeah.
I...
Everybody told me I had no shot.
They said, don't even ask.
Don't even ask, ran up Park Dog.
He's gonna say you're a little dog.
Well, actually, you're a huge dog, actually.
But you seem to be a puppy.
You're just a huge little dog.
And he'll never want to fucking eat with you.
In fact, you eat me.
Okay, I think your dog brain isn't working super well.
But that's fair, you are a dog.
Well, anyway, so that's a yes?
No.
Okay, well, I'm also running for Park Mayor,
so I will put you down as your gonna vote for me?
Um, I don't get how the system works.
All right, that's a vote for Park Dog for Mayor.
Thank you so much.
Thank you, I'm a big fan.
I would honestly be more likely to vote for Park Dog.
For Park Mayor?
Scammer would vote for Park Dog as well,
but I really don't understand the rules.
Ahem.
Uh, okay, we got two more opinions to get in here today,
and for now, I'm going to attempt to use the Stop the
Opinions button.
Let's see if that worked.
It might have broken the whole thing.
Is another option?
If it did, I'll find the last opinion.
Ahem, anyway, if you send an opinion now, unfortunately,
it'll be blocked.
Because the opinions have been stopped.
Let's see who else's wants to talk to me though.
Uh, looks like the button did work.
That's magical.
Hooray!
Uh, yes, oh my God, this guy is storming in.
Um, sir?
He's coming from really far away, but he is storming in.
Uh, you there, sir, please calm down.
Oh God, he's coming in, he's coming in.
Yes, yes.
You there, boy.
Uh, yes?
You never played Age of Empires?
What the fuck? Is this a sponsorship?
You must not be a man of culture, boy.
Um.
Unacceptable.
For this, you must be
Wa-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la, by a monk.
Wa-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-no,
Wa-la-la-la-la-la-la-no, boy!
Um, what did I not do?
did i not do you didn't you heard me one oh no no no no i i i what stage of
empires oh no you didn't just say that okay sorry you fool
you fool anyway big fan but I have to go like I'm getting drive-bys getting
drive-bys today like I am Donkey Kong one more just one more
Uh, okay.
Let's see what this guy wants from me.
Uh, you there, what the f-
It's okay, you there.
You wanna talk to me?
I'm Trippy B.
Are you alright?
Uh...
What's your problem?
I'll loop-de-loop to a-
to a-
to-
a-
Have you checked any of my episodes yet?
Of me banning people on live TV yet?
It's a fucking Rob LV, isn't it?
Oh, could it be?
You think?
Yes, Rob.
I do think it's you.
Well, the joke's on you,
cause you're banned, and it is me.
I-I really could tell.
Oh, wait!
Too bad you're banned from watching TV.
What-what is-
Sorry, what is your point?
You could never even see this stuff I've been doing,
cause you're banned, and I've been banning on TV.
What a TV show are you on?
Is that one of them?
I think you've had a mental break, Rob.
Nope!
No!
So...
You wanna get clam-chotter with me?
Why would I wanna do that, Rob?
Why?
I don't-
Would you rather get burgers, something more normal?
Cause I wouldn't.
I don't-
We're enemies.
I knew we were!
Cause you were acting like it's playtime,
and I know that it's not actually, it's banning time.
And so we can never get a meal together,
unless you'd like to.
Rob, do you wanna be my friend or not?
Oh, he wants to...
Today?
You made jerk-burgs?
Chad made jerk-burgs.
Today you're-
I answer my question, unless you wanna be banned.
You already banned me like, a hundred times!
You're facing for another one right now,
unless you want to get ice cream.
What are we even getting?
So we are getting stuff.
We're gonna go to get a meal together?
Well, ice cream isn't a meal, is it?
Well...
How much of it are you planning to eat?
Rob, are you here to ban me?
Or are you here cause you're lonely?
I guess, uh, I didn't really have a full plate today.
Stuff, not food.
Maybe in a sense I was.
A little unsure what to do with my time.
And I know that a lot of people I get to talk to actually, uh...
I've banned a lot of my friends.
In terms of when you ban everybody, you end up all alone.
And for that you're fucking banned.
I'm fine.
I'm actually fine.
Alright, bit your mic in half.
You just put-
You just throated my mic.
Well, that tastes like a couch.
Alright, Rob, can you please get out of here?
Well...
No.
Wait, where am I going?
Oh shoot!
I can't get a- Oh no!
He had roller skates on.
And the wind picked him up.
I guess maybe he thinks he's his own little roller coaster
when he wears the skates?
I'll never know cause I didn't have time to ask him.
Cause currently the strong winds of this park
are pushing him away at 20 miles per hour.
Pretty fast.
Alright, that's all the time we have for today.
Uh, the lines are going to be reopened
but don't throw anything in.
Uh, if you do they won't show up till next time.
Anyway, I'm Trippy B.
We'll see you soon.
I will be out here on these streets.
In fact, sleeping in a bush
and avoiding the men on roller skates.
That seems to want to be my friend.
Bye bye everybody.
Oh, what's that, Kendall?
Kendall's hungry.
But I only have two more segments left.
So you're in luck.
And only one of them involves me shouting a bunch.
Uh, Timmy the Brain,
I think I might have missed it 11 minutes ago,
but thank you so much for the 18 months.
In case I did.
Let's send it to amongst the web.
And then, uh,
we'll do a news to get Addy here for the day.
No.
I gotta remember to cancel this.
They could be. I mean you could-
Kendall's making
plain pasta.
We could- you could order food too.
I'm not gonna eat because we're going to that
whole eating event.
We have to eat a bunch of
good
Jack and the- is Jack and the Box good?
I haven't had it in
since I first moved here.
It's been like two years.
90 minute segment on the Live Vice Presidential Debate.
I would really like to, but, uh,
somebody double booked me.
Was that you, Pepito?
Rob, get the hell out of here.
Uh, the turkey could be fine.
I don't know.
Does it have a date on it?
I saw that, Pepito.
He came in, he was being-
he said I was banned and I got confused.
He did look high.
Um, I wouldn't make that.
Oh, no, no, no.
It's plain pasta.
I will be done in about 40 minutes,
but then we do have to go to that thing.
When in doubt throw it out, I do agree.
We went through a phase of ordering from,
um, what was the place we were getting food,
food meals from?
Hello, Fresh, Hello, Fresh.
I could remember which of the five meal services
that get advertised on podcasts we clicked on.
Anyway, it's fine,
but we kind of fell out of making it
because I am
lazy.
It also like,
I do find I like meals more when I just go
to the grocery store and actually get the ingredients,
even though those like meal prep things aren't terrible,
it all kind of,
I used to work on a cruise ship.
It's like everything kind of starts to stay the same
when you're only eating like Hello Fresh meal kits.
They keep mailing discounts to me.
Why, I could mail you a discount.
Every pack I get says just recommend a friend.
They'll get a sick discount
and they won't hate you.
Factors about the right level of laziness.
It seems like it, I just, I guess I don't like
a lot of the recipes that much,
but if I go to the grocery store and I like
look up a recipe, then I kind of, at least already know what I want.
Matt, you have a great night.
Yeah, I should tell Hello Fresh that they need to accept
bin bucks because then you guys could be rich.
Yeah, guys, check it out.
They sent me this really cool one that's
almost disappearing.
Tons of free deals here.
There's so many.
Fucking rich.
I'm holding stacks of literal cash
using the word literal correctly.
All right, let's set it to the webs
and then we will music our way out.
I'm going to go to the website
and then we will music our way out of here.
Let's see what the
beautiful webs have cooking for us today
and go amongst them
and it gets the name of the segment amongst the web.
You get it. Wow.
Okay, it's changed again. Impressive.
Good to see everybody.
It's your favorite house.
Me.
Sure, Peter.
Yeah.
Everybody's excited to see me.
I'm surprised you got out of the walls
quickly enough to make it all the way down here.
Is this down? Is that how this works?
Is this area down?
Yeah, I think of this as being
beneath the other city.
Oh, okay.
All right.
Sure.
Let's see if these still work.
Oh, yeah, they do.
Good job, case.
Yep, those are still working.
It's fantastic.
Okay, well, there's a lot of web to get to.
Yeah, it does have a bit of a basement feeling.
He's kind of got a basement energy.
Yeah.
All right.
Show what you got in store for us, case.
Well, it's what Chat has in store.
If you want to submit a video, you can go to the
cream.team, go to the back feed news section
and then go to amongst the web.
That's too many steps.
It's like three steps
and it's all labeled.
Too many steps.
My step is very simple. Step into wall.
Sleep.
That's too few steps for your life.
I'm doing great, personally.
Oh, speaking of doing great,
if you're in the mood to buy a motorcycle case.
Uh,
no. Well, you might be after this.
You know, you see what I did there?
Very smooth.
It's the least likely to be stolen electric bike
of all time.
Okay, this is kind of tempting.
Thousands of people and no one will even look at it.
And in case you can't tell, this is
designed to mimic an electrical box.
When you park it next to one,
the resemblance is shocking.
Beneath all the metal panels is just a
regular e-bike purchased from the internet.
But this one has been transformed
into a piece of art and looks like
something James Bond would have
in his ass.
It does look like that.
And I did kind of have ass on the mind, actually.
Am I the only person who noticed?
Just to run this back real quick.
This is designed to mimic
an electrical box.
When you park it next to one, the resemblance is
shocking. Look at the badog.
He's storing that bike in there.
That is...
Wow.
You might have to adjust those ratings, Chad.
That is a...
That is a 10 out of 10 right there.
I mean, you're not lying.
Wow.
Are we going to get any other shots at this?
Yeah, I'm ogling this man.
Whoa!
You need a powerful bike to support this
powerful posterior.
Listen. Us badongs got to stick together
and that's why I give that a 10.
You think you got a butt like that?
You've never seen my lower half case.
Well, I have.
You've never really seen it.
It's thick down there.
Dummy thick.
It's just moved.
Let's just keep it moving today, maybe.
We just got a recent from John Michael.
He just came in.
What the hell?
This is courtesy of Good Long P.
We're just going to...
We're going to be brave and we're going to just watch this.
Okay, in case she's being brave today.
Hey, guys! Good Long P!
Hey, Good Long P rolling in.
That's Good Long P!
Don't mind us.
Just Good Long P walking in
in style, baby.
I'm good. It's Good Long P.
This will at least be interesting.
Take a little pee pee on the patty.
Mr. Squidward!
Good Long P is pissing all over the patty.
Patrick, don't eat that.
It's soaked with piss.
Oh, guys, look!
Piss patties are good.
Who the burnicle am I going to sell piss patties?
This isn't the piss-fittish restaurant.
But, Mr. Krabs, it doesn't have to be.
You don't need a piss fetish to enjoy piss.
I have a piss fetish and I hate piss patties.
Fuck you, Squidward.
Fuck you, Squidward.
Honestly, I felt like we were just watching this stream, case.
Yeah, that was pretty much right up my alley.
Actually, it turns out.
That's why you gotta be brave and just click on links.
Because you never know what you'll find.
Some people in chat disagree.
Seen some twos.
I gotta, you know, for the amount I say piss,
I have to give it a 10 for that alone.
That's true.
That's true.
Give it a 6.
Peter, you're being a hater.
No.
I just, I'm comparing against that guy's bike butt.
You can't compare to the bike butt.
That's apples and oranges.
No, it's apples and bike butt.
It's piss.
It's piss and bike butt.
Alright, well, I...
5.35.
Chat was split.
And we're split.
Just like the crack of that finess.
You are... Stop talking about this ass so much.
It's just on my brain. How could it not be?
So, are you...
Um...
Alright, here's a different type of bike.
Let's see.
Oh, this stacks up to the last one.
Like a stack of ass.
Alright, settle down, Peter. I can't.
I simply cannot.
We're gonna do a little tinkering here. I've got the plan for ya.
Custom tuning, so to speak.
You know what I mean? It really gets you into the game.
That's what we're gonna need today for today's tinkering.
Uh, probably ace.
Ace of spades there. You might want to go with
three if you're real power hunger, you know?
Uh, brakes are important.
Some people just use their shoes. That's the no go.
Some guys say, oh, I'm a wish...
This is practical advice.
Oh!
So, don't forget. Keep your tape. Stay hydrated.
And we'll see you out there.
Yo!
Okay, now let's tape it for a grip.
Okay.
Just a little bit of bike advice.
Even on your super
box butt bike, you might need
to do a little maintenance.
I mean, I'm not gonna knock a little bike maintenance.
What is with the card thing, though?
Is that a thing bikers do? They just jam a card
in their bike?
Um, do you know?
Yeah, I mean, obviously I know, but
I'm surprised you don't know.
I just don't know.
It's a thing.
It makes a sound.
Bikers from the 1950s?
Yeah, classic bikers, like that guy.
Is it just to make a noise?
Well, what else do you think it would do?
The cog would get
flapped? The cog would get flapped, case?
What do you think that means?
I don't claim to have all the answers, Peter.
Okay?
Just a question. Well, I am smart.
You know?
Don't do my voice.
I'm glad that you're smart, Peter.
I'm very smart. Alright, let's see...
Oh, it's officially October.
That's true. So, it's time to get
the spirit, baby.
Look at him go.
Do we play it again?
Um, I think we get it.
Do we get it?
The gorilla is playing it for us now.
He's really going hard on those keys.
You can play anything.
That's true. Look at him go.
That's why it's so great to have a live musician here.
You can also play this song.
He really does like this one song quite a bit.
Well, I'm pumped up for the season.
What are you going to answer this year, Case?
Um, let's start with a J, and then with a couch.
Because J.D. Vance always ends in a couch.
That's pretty good, Peter.
That's a 9.22.
It sure is. Our highest scoring video of the day.
With good reason. That kid was really
showing us what's up.
Okay, don't get worried.
This isn't Andrew Tate.
I thought it was from the screen grab,
but I think it's a different guy, so we're in luck.
All you really need to get high,
you don't need coke, you don't need drugs,
you don't need alcohol.
You just need a rectum and a third eye.
You do your breath of fire, for example.
You spoke to your suitcase.
Feel your anus, feel your third eye.
Inhale, squeeze that beautiful anal ring
and feel it connected with your nuts,
your anus, and your third eye,
which is basically your pineal gland
in the center of the brain at the apex of the ear,
slightly to the back.
No asshole, no holy hole.
If you take away one thing from today's interview, everybody,
no asshole, no holy hole.
Thank you, Montauk Chia.
Jeez. I love that podcast.
You love that podcast?
You love the YMH podcast?
Yeah, I love that podcast.
I really like his airplane material.
I really specifically love that
comedian's airplane material.
He's got some classic stuff that he does to people on airplanes.
Yeah, everybody loves Segura's airplane bits.
Got some really classic ones.
You should search it up.
Search up Segura airplane bits.
Yeah.
Uh, okay.
A party scientist.
Ooh.
Okay, he seems to be sleeping at the wheel.
Be careful saying names like that.
There's a 3.67.
It was.
I'll also just set a timer in case you can hear that.
We know exactly when we've been going for too long.
10 minutes from now.
Got a tight 15 on airplanes?
Yeah.
Anyway, this is the party.
Yeah, they'll fill in the blank there.
Yeah.
Yeah, they will. Okay, let's see what you got.
What?
The background is actually going probably the hardest.
Somehow that's how the word we can't say goes.
I think Chet would approve of that particular
brand of that word that we can't say.
A sober rave.
Nothing more sobering than a bunch of college kids
in the woods not doing drugs.
I'm shocked naked asshole, clenched guy wasn't there.
He could have been just off camera.
That's where he likes to be.
Just off camera right behind you.
He's just trying to get you to do a good clench.
Yeah, what is that?
Now I feel like I need to look up
this Tik Tok channel.
Or just a tad bit more context.
Maybe that's a mistake.
Maybe I should just leave it where it is.
I'm going to look it up.
I'm going to look it up.
I'm going to look it up.
I'm going to look it up.
I can't resist.
What if they have other really good stuff like that?
Okay, immediately loads
to a Jubilee video
saying transphobic things.
That's great.
Tik Tok, let me search you.
Okay, the party scientists.
Party scientists.
You just try to find the party scientists.
You get hard loaded into Jubilee videos
from what's his fucking face.
Who's the Jubilee guy that did
the one conservative verse 20?
Charlie Kirk.
You forgot Charlie Kirk?
I would love to forget Charlie Kirk more often.
Okay, just to be clear,
it looks like that pages
all this kind of stuff.
Right?
Yeah, check it out.
It's a lot of party science.
Okay.
You're really playing with it today.
Honestly, Chet must be on an extended bathroom break.
He keeps missing it.
What is this?
Oh, this tab is muted.
I'm Jack.
Since becoming the party scientist,
I've had a dream.
Host a summer camp centered around natural highs.
Finally, it's happening.
I'm hauling a sauna to my favorite lake near Squamish,
known for its zip line
and interactive forest dance floor.
I'm bringing 50 high-vibed humans with me.
27 of whom are already committed.
What?
Together, we're going to strengthen our joint muscles
and mindsets
with human connection games.
What's going on?
I did manage to click on the video that explains some spells.
You're a meditation.
Torque tag.
Yeah, I said that right.
Connection workshops.
Don't adjust your fucking speakers.
Corp plan for dance parties.
Playfulness workshops.
Movement games.
Oh, God.
It's giving me improv vibes.
More dance parties.
Intellectual discussions.
And a whole lot of fun.
Well, hey.
What can you say?
They're having fun.
Just because it's a group of white people having fun
doesn't mean it's a cult.
We do have a tendency to turn those into cults, though.
They do need to be careful.
I'm going to be generous
and say that they're just having fun.
The party...
scientist.
Yeah, I'm being careful.
What did he...
But he said,
since everyone committed, why are they committing too?
I think to the lifestyle
of woods...
woodsing.
Pleasure woods.
With no drugs?
I don't know if it's a no-drug thing.
I'm on earth to give joy connection equals
greatest antidepressant,
sober raves.
It is absolutely sober raves.
They're all bushmasters?
Did they get it too?
I wonder if they took the prize.
They would have taken the prize.
You can vibrate the pineal gland all by yourself.
I've been sleeping.
A drug-free pineal vibration.
That takes a lot of work, case.
No drugs? I'm not saying to do it,
but some people claim to.
I need to vibrate harder.
I got to start vibrating your walls.
Please don't do that, Peter.
Okay, but...
I'm not a loose. That's because of you.
Peter lives in the walls
in case anybody doesn't know.
They know.
You know I live in the walls.
Why would they all know that?
Let's just watch some more videos.
This is...
We're getting away from cults for a second.
Sorry. Wood parties.
Let's do some work out.
Let's do a pallet cleanser.
A little workout pallet cleanser.
Okay, ready?
I need to see.
What was he going for?
What was he even going for?
Let's see that again.
Okay, ready?
Okay.
I need to see.
Was he trying to scoop up both backpacks?
Kendall, you want to see a challenge?
You want to see if you...
a thing that you could attempt someday
if we ever have a medicine ball?
I'm assuming he was going for a thing here.
Get ready.
Okay.
I need to see.
Do you think you could do it?
If we ever move into our new apartment...
Watch that case.
Peter, if we ever move into our new apartment...
then we'll have space to attempt that.
But for now, there's literally no space.
That's a 9.95.
Is that a promise case?
I'll try it. I can't confirm that Kendall will try it.
If we have a medicine ball, I'll give it a shot.
Do you sub goal?
I can't do it here.
Supposedly there's a chance.
A chance? There's a chance
that we could be moving into the next...
I'll be generous in a month and a half.
Who are you being generous to?
My psyche?
Um...
So I don't know if we do.
Then I'll make it a sub goal.
Although by then I'll probably have all forgotten.
I'll remember.
I'll think in the wall case.
I'll remember.
Okay Peter, let's check out this grandma.
Oh, I think I've seen this.
Please. What are you doing?
Leave, go away.
I'll be your weapon to fucking thimble
playing stupid little pimp.
Get away from here.
Just run that back one more time in case you missed this
moment in internet racism history.
Please. What are you doing?
Leave, go away. What are you doing?
The fucking Zimbabwe stupid little pimp.
Get away from here.
You're scared but you still have a boner?
Well, we do have a no kink shaming policy.
I have not heard of that particular kink but...
It takes all types.
A fear boner?
Yeah, sometimes you get a fear boner, you know?
What can you do?
Zimbabwe pimp is a pretty good username.
You know, craziest thing of all?
Just a totally white British guy.
She said that too.
I have my doubts about that, Peter.
She seems like a...
not my favorite lady but...
quite the voice.
Hell of a voice.
She's kind of doing her Vince McMahon impression.
Yeah, she's got a good Vince McMahon.
Anyway, that's...
I think that was from a year or two ago.
And since then...
people like her have been having a lot of fun in the UK.
They've been very active, unfortunately.
Ooh, it's hot dog season.
Is it? It's always hot dog season, case.
Sucking on a chili dog
Sucking on a chili dog
Sucking on a chili dog
this one pounder wow does he finish it are we gonna see him are we gonna see him
dig in send it to Jeb and cheerly dang
chillification wow well now everybody's got a boner hmm probably not everybody
Peter well a good chunk could you finish that I could finish that no problem I
could finish that what are you putting in quotes there I have to stop Kendall
told me she said Alexa stop nope she said to stop let's do two more Peters decided
we're doing two more let's do two more let's do some cat stuff we'll circle we'll
probably be on tomorrow and we can do some more of these for a little variety let's
let's do an animal can we do an animal section animal section yeah can we do
an animal section to this you can watch an animal video yeah an animal section so
thoughtful just so incredibly thoughtful I wish I had someone there to do that
for me what time tomorrow probably I'm always split on Wednesdays because we do
the patreon sometimes I like to just stream right before the patreon so probably
a little later probably like three or four right we have one more thing after
this so probably like 20 minutes you need help I do have to shower though I got
to smell my best for this jackbox thing you gotta smell jackbox fresh I really do
anyway that's great to see I wish I had a partner to cover my ash all for me you
know when you bend over in front of your window well your window at night when I
come out of the wall you come out of the wall only use the bathroom and you know
I'm not I'm nude at night so sometimes I'll do my stretches in front of the
window I wish I had a cat there to cover my butt Peter get an apartment I have
one then go there no oh baby this is a classic we can't watch the whole thing
but this is from my friend Tim and my friend Charles this is actually their
record-setting attempt for high fives they kind of set the world no not to brag or
to spoil it spoilers but my friend Tim and Charles they kind of set the world
record for high fives what does that mean it means they set it and don't
disparage their hard work please we'll skip around this but it's pretty
impressive stuff it's as easy as that look at wow okay look at them go very this
is not easy to do this is why it's the record is so hard to get okay so this is
this is actually four minutes long we're gonna skip to the halfway point see how
they're doing oh it's that's legal yeah okay let's go to the grand finale oh my
god earned 10 oh well earned 10 that's incredible 622,000 high fives truly an
achievement yeah yeah it counts and they counted in thousand so it was a
uneasy 622,000 very impressive my hatch off to them I was being a doubter and a
hater and a hater I'll admit it but they showed me that really what we need in
our hearts is love and that's why I love to live in your wall case and it's been a
pleasure to be here and I'm gonna stay you know Peter I've kind of given up I
understand the I just have accepted that the walls are your domain and that's
what I was waiting to hear but it's our own country in there that's you can
have your own head cannon but just stay in the wall you don't have to ask me
twice I will be in the walls and you will be out of the webs because I'm
sending you back now to the main studio which is also in the webs but you
understand anyway well she is soon bye bye everybody here's the only
correspondent that loves me that might be true this Peter of wall paintings where
the eyes are cut out no he just poked holes in the wall and you can just see
his eyes there's no illusion you just know Peter's looking at you it's pretty
unsettling I'll be honest it's not my favorite part of his vibe I like it
well that's nice for you but Peter I like it I love Peter what why do you love
Peter hmm I love Peter why him and not me why not he's got all the wall stuff
there are my walls technically but Peter anymore all right that's fair they're
kind of not anymore all right well look we have one more side with to get to its
DJ music time Peter makes his own cheese he does don't eat don't eat that
Pepito it's good wall cheese what counts as good wall cheese you know when you
taste it all right let's just send it to DJ music I don't even know what he's
covering today but something it's a music time oh yeah oh geez it's doing that
give me the Pepito voice again hate it when that happens
oh Peter losing good to see everybody well does that have to lose that for the
time being I'll use my other auto tuning punch in auto tuning my voice now good
to see everybody as usual I've got to activate my lasers let's see what else
case any would talk about today what a case say he would run his muck and malamut
today yeah yeah yeah oh there they are the lasers are ready oh yeah what the hell
else did case even say he would talk about fat bear delays what the hell not our
fat bears please leave our fat bears alone oh my god all the fat bears let me
find this story free all this is the breaking and tragic news the fat bears
have been delayed oh what the hell is happening to our local fat bears let's
find out right now what the fuck oh that bear week a 2024 we had a good time last
year but you know that we want some more well the plans have been delayed
that's what the people say after bear fight ends in oh no yeah this is a tragic
story and I've just been given some pasta that's how it goes sometimes your
heart's breaking for the bears but also you've been given tons of pasta what the
hell am I to do my thoughts are going out to each and every one of you my fat
bears my god I need a dark sad song for this let me find let me find us a sad
track dark sad electronic music what the hell does that even mean let's find out
this is too atmospheric this is too sad I need a sad EDM song I was this sad I
need an instrumental damn it yeah this is right but I'm not as good I use this
for my fat bear story or even there it is
what's the key of this
the release of the tournament bracket for this year's fat bear week has been
delayed it's been delayed they say delayed delayed they say after a fight
between two of the time in national park preserves brown bears they fought to the
death they fought to the death to the people even care oh my god now that
bear week is usually a celebration of all things chunky but this year
unfortunately it's a celebration of all things all things are killing
themselves they're killing themselves they're eating themselves the bears
are dead the fattest bears are dead enough from heart failure but in a sense
it's a failure of the heart early Monday morning two of the parts bears adult
male 469 that's his weight that's a great weight great ass bear and a female 402
they got caught up in a fight and I know it is a ride but the incident which
was caught by one of any of the areas the live streams became a snuff stream it
became a mother fuckers the bears are eating themselves and killing
themselves and eating themselves and they're dead well fat bear week itself
is still set to take place October 7 second to 8 the main story here is what
the bears ate which was themselves oh my god did you hear that the bears are
dying until you hear that the bears have been eating themselves and killing
everybody's fucking pumped out about all of this bear murder not so much all the
human murder that's happening elsewhere but the bear murder it's getting fucking
hairy outside it's getting so scary outside it's getting no prey outside no
clear outside no prayer for the bear oh my god the bears are eating themselves and
killing themselves and they're bad and they're gonna suck I'll tell you because the bears are
killing themselves and eating themselves and fat bear week itself is still set to
take place which was initially scheduled for Monday afternoon but it's
been delayed till today it was a one day delay we only got one day to mourn all
the bear death and today is the day that it's now happening check the live
stream right now because it's over and we're fine and that's the whole story
about that one and in case when past Kendall's timer he did he went way over
not me though I'm very considerate I always keep other people's needs in mind
speaking of which let's talk to a bear no choice but to have a bear wrap about
this to get the bear side of the story let me just find a bear for us really
quick and get a um a baron steen bear type beat sorry bear and stain
you there mr. bear oh there is one bear and steen all right where's a bear for me
to talk to please I need a bear right now oh my god I need a bear right now
I'm sorry to try to find a bear I know there's one out here somewhere please bear
is won't you talk to me I just need a bear right now because I'm scared for the
bears right now I want a non polar bear dev so many beards but no bears I don't
need a beard I need a bear where the fuck is a bear I guess we'll go with this bear
we've talked to this bear before you know that's not right that's not right
that's definitely not right maybe this one that won't work at all
please someone send me there's a bear well okay we're just gonna go this one
let's talk to a bear right now and that and now it's a bear time please welcome to the stage at this time
um to discuss the troubling developments in fat bear week it's a bear oh yeah
yo yeah yo what the fuck is this beat man fuck is this beat man
um my bad this beats a little weird it was supposed to be a bear and scene type
bit type beat let's try this one for you all right I'm just gonna do bear trap beat
they're gonna a little too fancy with these bear and scene type trap beats bear I apologize
don't worry I have this one now this is more your speed bear and scene bear your robber bear whatever
you are don't get a twist of it I'm I'm not for these streets I'm for this forest man
robin bear steal from the rich get to the bears money in the air money for the bears yeah yeah
I'm stirring the pot I ain't smoking that pot that's a honey and pot I'm a honey trap bear with a real
nice ass step a dunk a dunk cash go black black black bop a fucking winnie that pool uh winning
on a bitch on you yeah winning when I'm coming right through uh winning bitch all I do I'm bearing
stain I'm bearing steam bearing stealing that green bearing trump on the dream
bearing trump fix lean know what I mean what we in the bed ain't tether gonna be tethered
loud cuz every night baby it's a tag team match the sound I've been slapping fucking ass sticking
bad drinkin' crying something making cash every day it's a blast that's a care bear stare when I
look into the air I don't even fucking care cuz that money is going nowhere it's staying on my
fucking safe wait sorry are you stealing from the rich and giving to the poor are you holding
on to all your cash I don't quite understand also do you have any thoughts on the fat bear
situation and no better than me cuz I'm so greedy giving that honey for free a witty pool is who I be
wait are you witty the poor are you fat cash bear or whatever oh my god this man is hiding his
identity from us the two bears being in the woods and they hear that one body fall but if nobody
saw that bear murder do they see anything at all that's a cosmic question and if you catch them I
less drop that body to the floor no no it's over is no lesson if you snitching on a bear then you
best be in the woods cuz if you didn't hear nothing then bitch we all good so when you see that
ranger that's some stranger danger don't tell that bitch shit baby if you want to know what I'm
saying man is bear stuff I'm trying to tell you all the bear stuff goes I don't feel like
you're representing the bear community very well bear in the club everybody likes
feeling up the bear pod cuz they like damn that's nice every time I'm in the club I'm a mother
fucking hit cuz everybody likes a bear if you catch my drift all the boys come in to see the bear
all the boys come in to rub that chest here I'm the biggest barrel ball and I handle every one
leave them satisfied when the club is closing son cuz I'm done
right well I guess that's I guess he was done sort of unclear what his point of view was
sort of rambled I guess he's a hit at gay clubs did he knew is on our way out of here
leaving today with some diddy music while I find someone to raid
Texas Attorney Tony Busby the Busby news wait a minute sorry
there it is oh okay uh Texas Attorney Tony Busby stated that a number of diddies
uh 120 new accusers were minors at the time of the alleged assault with the youngest oh that is
horrible being nine years old whoa but I'm not gonna sing about that can't really sing about that
that is some awful shit hard to now unfortunately I'm auto-tuned while I'm saying this but you'd catch
my drift that's not good not good at all all right well I guess let's just raid someone
just sort of quietly raid someone while I process this disturbing news when did that drop just now
you think this diddy guy might not be a good dude you know I'm starting to get that impression
fortunately I'm not in the music industry I'm in the music industry so I've actually never had any
dealings with them just now I guess I shouldn't be surprised but seeing a number that low
certainly always feels really terrible let's raid
psychor some orbitals covering the debate check out some orbital tonight
um I don't think there is some orbital on already I think I follow some
unless I don't do I not I do not yet but now I do let's raid some orbital okay
some orbital says the stream is done so let's raid them yes I'm sending you to the VP
the base of orbitals got some coverage and I bet that is great so I'm sending you out right now
we counting down because we still know how let's do some shout outs while we get the hell out of
this city we got the lasers by me to keep it kind of pretty okay ray silver with extension nine
stormer 92 which also features nine we got Greg T you coming right on through apple
dapples got the snapple deadless ke2 skypocalypse if you catch my drift we might not do sky here
will we still bring the music we got that total with the cs-fation propaganda v2 dropping the
face thanks guys but that'll do us for today say hi to suborbital form in enjoy the raid
and this VP debate it's not the lesser of the two debates because uh case is there actually case
will be on suborbital stream you'll know when you see him all right we'll see you all soon bye bye
thanks for the subs and bits as always and staunted I think we missed it so thank you for the 22
months all right see you oh my god I'm still alive because I can't find the stop stream button
it's the tragedy of the secret stream that we can never find this button oh my god my voice is so
natural and beautiful but nobody ever gets to hear it unless they're on the secret stream
oh voice of an angel I have no