I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
We are getting brunch this Friday, Grunchy Good!
So Bricksy said I'm here by signing executive order to make Wednesday, Monday and Monday Second Sunday. You're welcome, Jack!
We're live in ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one. Let's do this!
Hello everybody. Whoa!
The power start- hey! Not my brother!
You know what I just realized? Not Case's brother.
I never made any Thanksgiving Christmas plans at all.
And it's kind of snuck up on me. Other than Grunchmas, which I guess we'll do Friday.
But hey, let me know if there's still anything you want to do.
Can I always come down to Los Angeles? This is the best way to communicate with your loved ones actually guys, is by going live on Twitch.
You ordered pizza and Chinese food? I mean I do technically live right next to Kendall's family. So that's always my backup plan.
Oh my!
Bingo's McPringas and the Funky Bunch? I should change the name of this or that.
Man my hair is in a special state today guys.
Let's see how crazy we can get it by the end of the stream.
I can always eat small rodents? That does sound like a good time.
Let's see if the hype train is even surviving right now.
My stream has just been, you know, desperately struggling to survive lately.
Let's make a bunch of unnecessary changes to it.
Can I still access the hype dimension?
The finding height as we speak.
What? Hmm, it's possible. There we go.
It's just that easy. I need to add six more computers to this setup.
I'll never be satisfied until I have 35 computers. All of them running Snapchat.
Um, hype train. Do you exist? Looking like maybe not. That's so sad.
What could have happened?
Eh? What the? Where is it? This is unacceptable.
Listen up Jack. It's come to just man-ma-jam-three-hundred-short-any-tasty-coins.
And I've been dying to say this. You all can come see my sweet plaque at the White House for Christmas.
Also renew a peak streamer. You'll hop a train when you're at.
Um, thank you so much Mr. President for your kind words and skimmer for summoning the president.
Today we are all skimmer. Let me see if I can fix this.
You know I love nothing more than fix-
I've trained you broke the stream by reappearing.
Yeah! That's what I do! Yes! I look great!
Man you look crazier than- what's going on with you?
That's a you problem, case. It's your connection.
Your connection to the hype dimension is slipping.
You're dying yourself light because if I was it wouldn't be a problem because I'm a train.
Also my face is still lightly blue.
I'm just- I'm slipping in and out of reality because you're not sustaining me with the appropriate amount of hype case.
Only chat is doing that for me. You are failing constantly to be hyped at all.
He is powered by the believings, by my constant stream of- it's actually not cocaine. It's cure, train, shit.
That's what I'm surrounded by. I've explained this before.
You've explained too many versions of whatever's going on with you.
I am surrounded by my excrement. I consume hype and spray.
What to you is cocaine out of my smokestack, but to me is nothing but shit.
That is cocaine?
Yeah, I mean it's my poop and it's cocaine.
What?
There's a lot of- it sounds very similar to Cleveland.
Yeah, that's who I learned it from. I learned it from watching you Cleveland.
Train shit is white like bird shit.
And much like bird shit, it's pure cocaine.
I'm actually the one that Donald Trump needs to come for. It's not Columbia.
It's been me all along absorbing hype and spraying cocaine out of my smokestack.
You've said it's shit and piss and you're- whatever sex is to you?
It's all of it at once, case. That's what's pouring out of here 24-7 as I consume your hype.
Isn't that great to know? Not really. Yeah!
Everybody loves to know all these train facts. Make a train facts thing, case.
You know like a graphic. No. Make more graphics.
We don't even have time for this. I'm so behind on segments.
And we've got to go- I gotta turn these segments off.
I gotta turn them on. And then I gotta turn them off.
Because I have so many segments left over that I didn't do already.
That's your problem. My only problem is how to explain-
Um...
Can you decide what you want to rap before you emerge from hell?
Cloak-its. You don't even know what a cloak is. It's like a cloak on your neck.
Not even close.
Yeah, give me a cloaca type beat.
Give me a cloaca trap beat, case.
Come on, give me that boom bap.
A boom bap beat is different than a trap beat.
Uh-uh. Uh-uh.
Turn this down. You found a cloaca type beat?
This is supposedly a cloaca type beat.
I don't know about it, though.
It's kind of unsettling.
You could find a cloaca trap beat, but maybe organ music?
I mean, this is called cloaca. I don't know what makes it cloaca.
Too fast you can't pass me. Yeah.
Sortin' cocaine off of me, so I just snorted some poopy yikes.
How is this related to cloacas?
I'm gettin' their case. Cloaca's on your neck.
Poop-o-came sprainin' out your face.
You say poop-o-cane?
I'm blastin' some poop-o-cane out of my little chimney stack.
We're chatting the back.
We flopping around like we got cloacas on our necks.
Well, actually, we got big floppy breasts.
Cloacas are the breasts of the neck.
Nobody knows it, but they feel the fuckin' best
cause they floppy with skin and the skin's not thin.
You wanna play with it, baby?
Yeah, we gettin' the men.
Cloaca, so nice.
Gria board.
Yeah, but you can't.
Because the cloacas look way too grand.
So much cloaca, you can't fit it in both hands.
You lookin' nasty, girl. Where the cloaca cans, man?
Do you know what a cloaca is?
Yes! The breasts of the neck.
Better so listen, cloacas is for the mating, baby.
Even prison, I'm talkin' bout. The cloacas are so sexy.
Think about it.
Look, we don't have time for this hype train.
If you're gonna be this irrational, I just gotta move on.
What? I'm explaining!
What are you explaining?
The cloacas are the breasts!
No, I'm cutting you off.
But the hype is live!
It's too dumb even for me. I don't even know what you're trying to get at.
I already got at it. I explained it.
We gotta do some news.
Oh, Mike. The hype is active, case. That's immoral.
No, there's so many segments to get to.
The bears are doin' their thing.
Kendall's gonna be home and then who knows?
I'll be too distracted to do anything.
What is she gonna do? Come in here and...
Show her cloaca off? She doesn't have one!
You really?
Could you just think, everybody? That's your thing.
Okay, but give me a different cloaca type beat.
Why would there be two cloaca type beats?
This one is also called cloaca.
It's an instrumental, though.
So, I don't know if that counts as a beat.
Yeah, this counts.
Pop it up, chat in a check in the mouth.
Okay. Let's thank everybody for showing me love.
Like cloacas, they've been raining from above on my face.
Cloacas feeling great.
Cloaca chat, baby. Let's go on a date.
Okay, here we go. Thank you so much for the nasty flow
and the bits that you are pumping in.
Here we go. Bruiser St. George with the 13 months.
He's got a message for me, baby, because they don't fuck.
Man, I'm just watching my favorite Internet show,
Biggest MacPringas and Funky Punch.
I got a hunch that you're talking about a different stream.
That sounds mean. I wish that I could watch MacPringas,
but I can't. It's a dream.
Okay, bundles sprout with 100 bits. No doubt.
We got Matlidel. Yes, you know I'm shouting a mile.
We got Abonables.
What? Anyway, we got Skimer.
300 bits. So cold it makes me go,
but we got Bonzai, Bofra.
Yes, we know. McFoly showed again.
How great he is in that show.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I agree with you though.
We got Karkin.
Three subs. Yes.
And those are dubs. Actually, that's three.
Dubs are three now, but okay.
Metal chaos with two communities.
Shaggy175 with two communities.
Subs, you mean?
They got two communities. They control them.
They are their two communities.
He loves you. Yes, we do.
We got one hot sub two minutes ago coming through with me.
Thank you for the clover.
Got like a breast, baby. You know that they great.
Okay, now I'm cutting you off.
Thank them all. Thank you all so much for the subs.
You missed Shaggy. Those were five community subs.
You said two? Your numbers were all off.
Ah, there's another one.
Cloaca, Cloaca, Cloaca, Cloaca, Cloaca.
One subs, two more. Yeah, you know what, major.
Thank you for giving the gifted sub to Steve.
Cloaca.
Okay, let's just do a little bit of news.
And the hype train is just there in case we need him.
It's news time.
It's still here, guys.
Hmm. Yes.
You called it back again.
I mean, I'm very busy, but I can make a little bit of time for you in the news, everybody.
That's right. It's Jeff Ripple.
Don't pinch your nipple.
Or do it's Jeff Ripple.
Don't. I mean, probably don't.
I don't know why you would.
Your hair looks fucked up today.
My hair kind of looks sexy, though.
The llama's greater than Jeff.
Oh, this fucking llama. Nobody has shot up about the news llama.
And as soon as you brought it up, you killed the hype.
See what the llama does, case? People love the news llama.
Nuh-uh.
I'm just as good as a llama.
Look, I can make llama noises.
M oink.
M oink? I've never heard a llama before.
I mean, have any of you live heard a llama?
Probably. Some people have.
What's going on with the world today?
Mmm.
It's noosed.
How does that help, case?
Mmm.
I accidentally... Well, that's...
You know, that's pretty much as good as any for a headline.
Okay.
Well, speaking of...
Did you see the president's been truthing?
Um...
Well, this headline isn't appropriate for all aspects of that story.
I'm sure you guys have already heard, and you've probably already seen this, uh...
We'll just call it a...
A shit- a shit? A tweet shit?
It's a truth. It's a- it's a bug-ass.
There needs to be a better word for whatever Trump types into his
truth social account than truths.
We gotta all stop calling them truths. It's too annoying.
You wanna call them bug-asses?
Yeah, he dropped a new bug-ass.
A hot Trump bug-ass.
A cloaca, that's pretty good.
The breasts of the neck? Not you too, Jeff.
Uh... trots. Trots is pretty good.
Turds? Dumps?
I kinda like cloaca.
Trump just dropped another hot cloaca.
Anyway, I'm sure you heard about the...
Insane and...
Uh, unexpected and seemingly horrifically tragic death of Rob Reiner.
Seems like he probably got...
Killed by his own son.
Pretty horrific shit.
Um... it does also seem the son has been...
Arrested and, um...
Has already appeared in court, I believe.
Where he got like a really high bail.
Uh, in case you missed it...
He got killed by his son. Yeah, I mean that seems to be...
I guess I'll say...
That- that's the suspicion? It seems-
Everybody's saying that he did.
Everybody's saying it.
The gossip.
They should rename True Social to cloaca.
It could get more- I mean right now I'm pretty sure it just gets hits from the president.
So they could really name it whatever.
Uh, her cell is our Leon and Jake is around.
Leon and cell is our struggling, but someday.
Someday once I finish the other...
Nagging things they might be back.
Well anyway...
The president weighed in, and just in case anyone missed it,
it does seem to be newsworthy.
Given the tone of it, which, um...
What's so- Should I read this set to anything?
No. Well...
I can't think of what.
I guess we could reuse that cloaca beat that we were using.
For cloaca social.
It's insane enough that just reading it feels, um...
Disrespectful, I guess, but whatever.
We'll read it.
We'll set it to this cloaca type beat.
In honor of Trump's latest cloaca.
A very sad thing happened last night in Hollywood.
Rob Reiner, a tortured and struggling, but once very talented movie director
and comedy star, has passed away.
Together with his wife Michelle, reportedly due to the anger he caused others
through his massive unyielding and curable affliction with a mind-crippling disease
known as Trump Derangement Syndrome.
Sometimes referred to as TDS,
he was known to have driven people crazy by his raging obsession
of President Donald J. Trump,
with his paranoia reaching new heights as the Trump administration
surpassed all goals and expectations of greatness.
And with the golden age of America upon us,
perhaps like never before,
marry Rob and Michelle, rest in peace.
There you have it.
Did that cloaca beat help?
Uh, as much as anything could.
Anyway, it seems like this is, um...
Seems like people think this might get him in trouble,
or supposedly people are, you know, the...
The vibe seems to be that even his base can't...
Can't deal with this.
I can't say I find it very surprising.
I think if anyone is shocked about this,
they haven't been paying attention,
but I guess that does seem to be the case,
as people do seem shocked by it.
Um...
But, you know, this is like...
Not...
It's an insane statement, obviously.
It's just...
He makes so many insane statements.
I think the thing is, like, people can't countenance
him being this vindictive and insane about Rob Reiner for some reason.
Um, which I mean, he shouldn't be, to be clear, he shouldn't be.
But I think because it's like, um...
A likable celebrity white dad,
people are like, you can't talk about him like this.
I mean, every day they go out there and are like,
we just blew up another three random...
To three to twenty random people in the middle of the ocean
who are driving speed boats around.
So to me, this doesn't seem like the worst statement he's made.
It does seem like a bad statement.
Um, but anyway, if it sinks in, I guess, great.
He's probably making an insane statement right now
for his presidential speech, says Exterminator.
Yeah, we could just trump it out right now.
Um...
I did see that he was supposed to address the nation.
I'm guessing he was gonna address the nation anyway,
but I do feel like...
This one got him enough negative press that maybe he's like,
I'm just gonna...
Hop on real...
I'm gonna hop on the main real quick just to shout everybody out.
Shall we check it out?
This can be the context we take into his speech.
Um...
Can I find it though?
Trump's speech.
Trump addresses the nation. It's live!
Ooh, there's a chat on the side. Exciting.
Guy should watch this?
That is an option.
We can send it down to Guy to watch his, uh...
Watch his boy do some work.
We'll be right back after this extended and unnecessary intro, everyone.
Okay, anyway, the president is live and saying things,
and I do feel like I'm absolutely the most qualified one to listen to him equivocate.
Sorry, that's the wrong word.
Annunciate?
Say good stuff is what I'm trying to say.
Let's continue with the president's important words.
I'm gonna say, uh...
I'm gonna say, uh...
I'm gonna say, uh...
Say good stuff is what I'm trying to say.
Let's continue with the president's important words.
Right now.
I've secured a record-breaking $18 trillion of investment
to the United States, which means jobs, wage increases,
growth, factory openings, and far greater national security.
He's up on that, Mike.
Your success has been accomplished by tariffs.
My favorite word, tariffs,
which for many decades have been used successfully
by other countries against us, but not anymore.
Companies know that if they build in America, there are no tariffs,
and that's why they're coming home to the USA in record numbers.
They're building factories and plants at levels we haven't seen.
Oh, plants?
Automobiles, we're doing what nobody thought was even possible,
not even remotely possible.
There's never-
He's so energized.
I remember when we were zombies.
I remember.
All of them.
Don't think he's yelling just because you're hearing snorts.
He's got a runny nose.
It is a little blown out, and I don't think it's on our end.
Oh, my God.
Oh, wow.
War?
Oh, Warrior Dividend.
I thought he's giving us a brand new war.
I think he is, though.
He's spending them $1,000?
I don't know.
I want to ask you, you've got to spend money to make money.
I've been spending more money, but I know it's coming back.
He means 2024.
I think.
He's just snorting because it's December.
It's cold-sleathed.
He's never seen more alive, God, ever.
I can't think of anything like this.
I'm going to plug the website.
Oh.
I've always said I'm one of them.
The only problem is the government doesn't have my information.
I'm so tired of them saying everybody needs to spend more on health care.
He has been talking for like 10 minutes, 20 minutes already, so.
I disabled the chat because the double chat was bothering me.
I'm thinking.
Mm-hmm, flushy funds, I call them.
They just want a big old red flushy.
I'm thinking.
Yasseline is now under $2.50 a gallon in much of the country.
In some states, by the way, just hit $1.99.
Wow.
Which state, tell me, I'll move.
I know you will have opened 1,600-
Was it the Arab Gulf State?
It's a record, and it's a record that won't be beaten by, practically, I would say by anybody.
Or certainly not very soon.
Prices on electricity and everything else will fall dramatically.
the
Democrat inflation disaster again the worst in the history of our country also robbed millions of Americans of home ownership
And indeed the American dream the yearly cost of a typical new mortgage increase
I would comment, but he's not gonna stop talking. He's this is the kind of pace you keep up
When you are in charge and have no regrets
$3,000 and it's coming down a lot lower way
You see the numbers are gonna be shot. I'm not even gonna wait. I'm gonna see right now
of the Federal Reserve
Someone who believes in lower interest rates by gonna fuck the but he might already be that's how committed he is even further early the
New year and you will see this in the new year
I will announce some of the most aggressive housing reform plans in American history
Oh, I cannot wait driving up housing costs was the colossal border invasion
We have never been invaded. This is the worst
Thing that oh, we weren't wait. No, sir
The worst thing that the biden administration did to our country is the invasion
At the border the last administration and their allies in congress brought in millions and millions of migrants and gave them taxpayer funded housing
While your rent and housing cost skyrocketed
He meant to say we weren't invaded because he's been saying that I think he just misspoke
Foreign migrants at the same time illegal aliens stole American jobs and flooded emergency rooms getting free healthcare and education
Paid for he is he has not stopped. I don't think he's breathed. I don't think he's taking a breath
So I do think he needs to breathe soon so high that they are not snorted a bit though
For the first time in 50 years. We are now seeing reverse migration as migrants go back home
Leaving more housing and more jobs. Sometimes we fly them to not their home even in the year before that's how generous
we are all net creation of jobs was going to foreign migrants
Since I took off this is a I well, he looks great. That's a loot array. I'll present a job creation
And you should do
born citizens 100 percent
In the end government either serves the productive
patriotic hard work an american citizen or it serves those who break the laws
Cheat the system and seek power and profit at the expense of our nation
Look at minnesota where some malians have taken over the economics of the state and have stolen billions and
Poor minnesota from minnesota and indeed from the united states of america and we're gonna put an end to it
For so long as before my election the vast majority of good and decent americans were forced to watch as corrupt politicians
So long as he met the second election guys the second time he got elected every system that makes well
Sorry, the third time. I meant to say the third time not anymore and you see that every day not anymore
We're putting america first and we are making america great again very simple. We are making you've got to be wrapping up, right?
Again tonight after 11 months. Nope. We're secure
Inflation is stopped wages are up prices are down our nation is strong
America is respected and our country is back
stronger than ever before wow
Boys for an economic boom the likes of which the world has never seen
Soon we will host the world cup. Oh, he's still going. I thought that was the end which I got
But most importantly we will celebrate the 250th anniversary of the declaration of independence
There could be no more fitting tribute
To this epic milestone then to complete the comeback of america that began just one year ago
Wow, just one world looks at us next year. Let them see a nation that is loyal to its citizens faithful to its workers
Confident to its identity
Certain to its destiny and the envy of the entire club. Oh man. We are I feel so confident to my identity
We have never been respected before okay to each and every one of you
Yes, oh, okay new year. God bless you all
Wow
Oh, is he gonna go through a trap door?
Okay, that was it that was it
Wow
That was some powerful stuff y'all
I was kind of thinking this to be more of a rock instrument. I'm a little disappointed by that music honestly not that i'm against country music
There we go
Yes
God it feels good to be
back
Because everybody was everybody was being unsure of themselves. They're like, oh the economies. I'm my paycheck seems to be down. I'm paying
Double for what I used to do in healthcare the median house price continues to rise
I just tried to buy a condo and it cost me half a million dollars
well
Eat that shit haters because no it turns it turns out uh-uh
You're just honestly you're probably living in the wrong state
And I've always said you need to be willing to move
At all times there's nothing more american than moving unless you're from another country
And that is why you just got to find that state. He's talking about it has the dollar
gas
and there it turns out actually
the inflation's gone
And the state of mind that you need to be in is
I'm moving to that he didn't tell us what so I think it's sort of like a
Kind of like a scavenger hunt. You got to find that one state. He mentioned but there which and it counts if one state in america's doing well
We all are
So just get to that state and I'm going to begin the search immediately
That's what I call the opposite of conspiracy theory
A scavenger hunt is actually the opposite of conspiracy theory. It's a government sanctioned
conspiracy fun time
Which I plan to participate in
It's the it's one of those ar events. I'm going to go get some google glass and get on it
Where's clementine?
Didn't you hear how well we're doing now that donald trump is president again and i'm doing this show
See that's what I mean people will never be satisfied
Everything's more expensive. Oh, you're of pale imitation of a host with a much better vibe
Even though I came in today just to watch just to hold your hand while the president gave you some hard truth
About how well we're doing
Should be easy truths, but everybody's so stressed out all the time. They can't just wake up
And drink the now cheaper than ever coffee. Don't let the price tag fool you it costs less. You're just misremembering
I'm mad enough that my music didn't play so i'm just gonna get out of here while I still can
I'm being told that there's too many segments to get to today and that we need to go
Through the internet or some bullshit. So let's send it there now to where the internet I guess is happening
It's time to go around webs. There's something. I don't I don't know
I
Okay, you're here
You sound like the wrong guy, what do you mean?
Sound kind of like Alaska
I'm myself case. Okay
It's your boy. It's big cheddar. Okay
Clementine is okay, but I miss Salazar everybody wants somebody else right now apparently
Well, I can be Spanish
Don't day a star
El Corazon
What where is the heart case?
What happened to y'all's heart so they shrunk like they didn't watch the Grinch this year or something
Um
Look, he's gonna come around again, but until then you got an even better thing, which is me
You're a thing. I'm a person place anything
So I imagine myself and you guys have been sharing all sorts of things in the chat
Or the discord is is I guess more accurately what it is
The cream dot team in the amongst the web section you can in fact
Share all sorts of videos in slop or some shit and then I will click on them
That's how much I love you guys even though you're constantly asking for other fucking people
It's the discord. That's what I said
And it's not that confusing. Okay, let's go amongst this stuff that you've probably okay. Yeah, there's some stuff in here
So we do need to be getting to this. All right case shut up. I'm not taught shut up case. We're busy
It's time to see these videos
Whoa
What that cost three mana to do? Oh that one didn't last
Why why see in this filthy water?
I have some questions about what it is. We just get your hand out of here. Stop it
Just don't just articulate. We're too close to each other. What did we just see? What was that?
um
A man in a dirty
on a dirty
tile patio
cleaning up blood
Why does it did look like he was surrounded by blood?
Adapt that to babe to Beyblades. Oh you could get two spinning at each other first one to explode
Gets all the points. What was happening with Beyblades? We still have to do the Beyblade competition thing
Currently the um, what are you you're pointing up to and you point our point?
currently the
Sub stuff is disabled. I'm rebuilding it. Why because everything needs to be controlled chat
Okay, well anyway, that was an eight
I think it would have been a 10 if we had done what the fuck was going on
But I'm a little worried that they were swimming around in like blood and playing in the blood
So that dropped two points off it. Let's see what these two are up to
No, it's
For real no you like guys. I don't care. What I like holes. What?
Oh, whoa
Hashtag relatable honestly
What liking holes is extremely relatable. Let's be real
Yeah, I know what I mean
Okay, so you're gonna sit here and claim you don't like holes
Uh, not every hole that's
Fucked up to say no, I don't mean there's holes that aren't body parts
Name one bad hole
Um an active garbage disposal. You don't like that
Not in the context you're talking about
It's still a useful hole. It's a 9.5. I'm on their side. Which ones I'm on the lady side. Oh, yeah, of course
Of course
I am uh, I don't believe you
You're being one of those. What's the night you're being a dark night right now
I think you mean white night. No, I mean Batman. You're trying to be Batman and you're not
Okay
Let's watch this bird go fucking crazy
Do something crazy bird
No, not that. Yeah, that
Oh, they went exactly where I was hoping they were. I mean, that's gotta be a 10, right?
We're in agreement for once your hair is fucked up. Your hair is fucked up. What?
They're rocked
I can't deny that rocked
gorilla
Oopsie. I hit the wrong button
That doesn't work right now chat
You can't activate the boom eater mid other meter
Where's the meter even that meter is not working. You can't gotta be careful what buttons you hit. I hit the right the button or something
Now there's gonna be phantom laughing 9.6. How was that not a 10?
Who's laughing at me you hit the button to make it make that an option for a few minutes
Just a few seconds
This stream is more confusing than ever
Stop laughing at me. It's no it's it'll go away on its own. I swear
No, don't what what did I do?
What did I ever do to any of you?
Okay, good. They stopped
You can't see any of the beautiful graphics I made right now. I don't understand what's happening at all
All I understand is I need to click on this video of this pig getting hooked up by a dog
Let's see what happened
Maybe we don't rate that one. I'm not sure if that meant to be was meant to be a standalone video
He could have been referring to any towers. Okay
Here we'll we'll two for one this we can you can add your rating for this video to that video. Okay, just average them in your mind right now chat
Mindset of some of you phony fake ads not doing a damn thing in the community
Holding them down as church folk. First of all, fuck you. Okay, suck it of all
You have an issue with me being on a picture with a beautiful black woman
I do
I am a pastor. First of all that feeds the home ground my pastor that has a girls and boys
And a woman's mentoring program. I teach empowerment on a daily basis. Yes. I'm a pastor that likes pussy
Let's say it again. I like pussy. I'm a real man
I'm real about who I am and remember that god
Made woman for the man. Oh, he did fake as folk when you're doing the things
They got mad at me when I say that though. Then you got something to say other than that on the sue say fuck you
We're hearing some hard but necessary truths today
Truths look
He's a pastor. You're like busy
And that is the way you say it
Can we get a streampoked to give us that kind of sermon? I don't want papito saying that kind of stuff
I don't get how christianity works anymore. Aren't they supposed to not like pussy? No, you can love
It's a bounty of the lord. It's like a cornucopia filled with like apples and figs or whatever. That's every pussy
You think every vagina is like a cornucopia of a lot like figs and apples and maybe are there bananas in there sometimes?
I don't know, but you know, it's like that. That's how Jesus wants us thinking of
The women that he made for us
Jesus made women for us. Yeah, Jesus was in the lab with a like a pen and a pad and also like, I don't know
Clay or something. He made all the women
And us I'm not saying anything sexist
He does like holes. Jesus also made all the holes. Come on case
You can believe in evolution or whatever and be all futurey and but still believe Jesus made all the holes
Uh, because that includes black holes. He also made all the sci-fi holes too. He just made it all dude. That's all I'm saying
Jesus did yeah, Jesus
You know like this like spiritual floaty Jesus in space. He made everything
Okay, this is a guy getting mad
Which isn't you case? Let's be chill today. I don't feel like I'm mad
Calm down. This is somebody getting mad. So brace yourselves for the fury of this old guy being pissed
Are you happy with it? Love it. It's why it's quite impressive. Well, you know, I thought that maybe uh, hold on
Hold on. Did you pay for the pre like let's get the disclosures out of the way right away?
This is a one reek review unit. I couldn't get one and unfortunately
I don't think I'll be able to get I was gonna go out and get one this afternoon
So you got a free pre you're one of the very two people that got a free
Not at all. I think they're quite a few viewers. Yeah, scobal
Mike that's bs and I'm really pissed off that you would imply that in some way that this free
Quote free pre that I send back in seven days or in any way predispose me free pre screw you
What are you gonna do about it? Mike? You are such a troll screw you
I'm not kidding. I'm gonna watch the video. You asshole screw you
I don't think he's being serious. I'm being very serious. Mike. That's bullshit. I mean, I'm I'm infuriating
I'm infuriated that you wouldn't be that because I have a review unit that would somehow influence me
Screw you. I'm throwing you all off. Fuck you guys. Whoa
Mike I'm not kidding. You're done. We're going into reruns
Mike no, what a what a jerk. I mean, I've had it with my Mike you're done. You said he is the most
Uh, troll-ish person I've ever worked with
Steve you can do the show somewhere else
But I'm not doing it with my kerington
Oh, and then there's just silence
Okay
That's some hot fucking drama. Where's our youtube videos about that?
I think that's from 16 years ago. So I don't know somebody should make a youtube video about that
Can we get one of these drama farming things go? It's like Hassan versus
some guy
Oh, that's that's your go-to reference. Yeah, Hassan versus some guy
Honestly though, I kind of came around to Mike's sides. What the fuck is that other guy's problem?
I'm not sure. No, I mean, I'm not either. I didn't really understand what they were mad about
But I'm on Mike's side because he did get mad
That's an eight. That's an eight level of mad
that's of course
Was that that was a was that tech tv?
I don't know. It's from 16 years ago though. Imagine if Leo showed his dick on new g4
He could have brought him out there to do that
Uh, okay
Oh, there's another video of them getting mad. We might have to just stick with one today
You know, let's celebrate our elders for a moment with this
Probably retired wrestler doing something a little different. I did not know he was playing this song
That is so disrespectful
Because he's I think Hulk is sick or something
What? Yeah, I think he's like under the weather because I haven't heard from him in a while
So that's mean to to do while he's feeling bad. I feel like I covered his his death with you his what?
Let's just move on. What'd you say though? Nothing
Yeah, he's literally under the weather still
Yeah, we made a whole tribute song
I don't know what you're talking about
Let's just watch this next thing instead. I just won't think about anything
That was a 10 by the way chat. You didn't react. Oh, shit
What is this from?
Whoa, what I think this also causes a workout video
Oh
I think she'd get I think she would beat this guy
Oh
I was kind of rooting for her
It didn't work out
I think in a fair fight she would have won
It was a little bit of a sucker punch. It really was
Is she I mean I could see the glutes and I can tell the force that glutes can create purely by staring directly at an ass
The song was a little bit of a choice
I don't know why you need to
Set it to that
Because that's what they were doing case
Hmm
You're so fucking sensitive
Okay, this is coming in from live in sleazy
We're rolling the live in sleazy dice
It's like a Targaryen being born or whatever the world sees a new clip from live in sleazy and holds their breath
All right, let's check it out
And christian's right to me that I'm the jesus christ move this time that I am the messiah
I was shocked that people wrote this to me. I said, what did they see in me that I don't even see I hit 32
God spoke to me. He told me you got to go save the world and you go back in there
Manage it and guide them the world needs me and then he told me one more thing
This is going to shock the world
What said the messiahs here and tears came to my eyes as he was speaking to me like I'm the messiah
It was a crazy moment
I see that crazy to a different realm and all of a sudden people started messaging me
That I am the messiah that jesus christ, yoshua, they didn't go out there to save the world
King zula is going out there to save the world. He's got a crowd. He's got a throne and everything
The only reason the way that I am look at me. What kind of eyes going out brown eyes of
Eyes of a what somebody who's very determined. I'm not saying
Very determined. I'll take out anybody. That's not his looking for things. He's going to move me from what I want to do
And I'm telling this to you with fire in my soul. Yep
I'm not laughing. I'm taking him seriously. I'm grimacing
Mm-hmm
We can't prove that he's not jesus
um
Can you prove that he's not he doesn't seem like jesus?
I don't remember jesus doing height videos because he wasn't around at the time
I would like to say we have been on a really good run of high scoring videos today
But a zero is almost as rare as a 10 not on this stream. It's pretty rare still
I you know that might have been my favorite video of the day
I would have also rated it a zero, but it was one of my faves of the day
Life and sleaze he's posting for an audience of two
Just the two of us just the two of you
It was very funny that he's like what type of eyes brown
And then that wasn't it and then he's like determined and that also wasn't it
Well, I don't even know what he was looking for with a response there
I guess the eyes of jesus did he really think he'd be like what kind of eyes do I have he's like jesus eyes
Eyes full of shit
That's mean to brown-eyed people. Okay. My eyes are sometimes blue when I go super chat
I've never seen you do that because I've never had to raise my power level that high for you case
um, okay
Whoa, all right
We've seen some adult fighting. Let's see someone training
For that for adult style fighting look at the guy in the background. Oh my god
She just pretty good
She's getting there
Shit you can't do any of that. What?
Though that's baby training
When she's really good, she'll put her head through the floor with the force of her headbutt
I don't think she was training to
Smash her head through the floor. Well, she can't yet, but someday
Then she won't have to just spin on it. She can drill through it with the centrifugal force
Put her in the ring with tyson
Put her in the ring with jake paul
That wouldn't be a fair fight. They'd fix it like always
I would pay to see that little girl spin kick jake paul's head off though
Case that's murder not if an adorable child does it then it's comedy
Okay, let's uh do one more or we'll see how this one is but possibly one more if this is a winner
Whatever this is let's see
What?
Okay, rate this one as it comes in. I hit the wrong button
I can admit when I make mistakes
The ratings started strong and they went way down
We didn't let it finish unfortunately
Did he cut his hair with that same knife?
What?
Is he wearing a wig?
Oh, okay, there's the salt thing
Oh, there's another salt thing
It's cooked enough man
Okay, I guess that's that's you're not impressed everybody's gonna have to do it
That's that's you're not impressed everybody's gonna act like they're not impressed
We rated it too soon because by the end I was back on his side. Why?
What did he do to win you over?
He made a
soup
I think it was just chicken now it was like a soup chicken in a cheese pot
No, I don't think that was a parody to leaven sleazy's point
I mean if I was there I feel like would you clap of course I'd be on my feet
I'll be on my feet and I'd be fucking just throwing punches in the air not at things because I'd have too much energy like a
Child and I wouldn't know what to do with it
I guess I would clap
I would be very confused
I mean, I feel like we would all probably applaud if we were there
You'd be on your feet getting out of there. Yeah getting because what you wouldn't want to eat that
What type of chicken was that?
Brown yeah, that brown orange is chicken
Brown orange is chicken is the hottest new meal. Okay. Let's let's see what let's you know, let's end on a little holiday
Tip we might be doing the grunge stream on friday everybody
So we'll uh, we'll end this amongst the web with on a holiday note
Theming chat
What what does he say I have no idea what this kid is saying chat
I have the dialect for this
You see it. I want to be wish of frogs Anna
I pop the who Santa knows I wish a bunch of frogs Santa
white
Okay, well, anyway, we're ending on that one
It was a good one. It was about Christmas and
He said I want a ps5
Well reflect that in the ratings now that you get it
Was that who was that Santa?
Well, he wasn't having a good mood. That's a healthy attitude for Santa to have
He should care less about what the kids wants and follow his own muse and just give them like
Wooden horses or whatever they make in the wood shop
Because whenever I see movies the wood shop, they're not making ps5. They're making like
Balls attached to like a little tambourine and shit
We need to get back to that era where kids got excited to receive like a stick with a string attached to it
He said kp to 9 11 center no comment no comment. Look. I refuse to comment on these kinds of touchy issues
That's the way you draw the line. I just don't want to I don't want to weigh in on stuff like this because
I'm not gonna. I don't know all the details of kevin or 9 11
All right. Well, that's apparently it. We're ending on that strange note
You know, sometimes you like to end on a head scratcher. We started strong and then we
Continue to click on things. That's the name of this stream. All right. We're sending it now to uh the movie
No, we're sending it to um therapy
This therapy time. I've been told that case. Are you doing therapy today? He's nodding his head. Yes
Apparently, dr. Chath has a new therapeutic technique and we'll see how it works today because it is indeed therapy times. He's seen
Okay, everybody. I'm back in the therapy office. It does appear dr. Chath has um
updated his therapy setup just a bit so, um
Let's get it going. I guess exclamation point h is apparently what he calls his new technique
And you can contribute to it by typing exclamation point h
Uh, dr. Chath
Do you have anything to say? Anything at all?
Anything at all? I'm thinking dr. Chath doesn't have anything to say just yet
But he will eventually
Uh through the power of exclamation point h
Uh and also other powers that I forgot to open
The healing can soon begin
exactly
Uh dr. Chath just
I mean i'm ready. I'm finally willing to submit to the process
Uh, whenever you're ready. I know in the past. I've been a little obstinate in the face of your attempts to help me, but
You know, I'd love to hear what you have to say
derp
Derp derp derp derp
Derp derp
Okay
That maybe that's fair, you know, I've been a little rude in the past. I don't know if that was a slight at me
But i'm ready to talk about whatever, you know, I mean I'll I can admit that I you know sometimes I can
Hide from myself a little bit. Maybe I just scrub my toes
I'm gonna pass. I don't have the tools
And I don't do you mean sort of metaphorically is that like a training technique or tiny head
me
You're making fun of my head
I feel like I have a pretty normal head
Do you think case will ever be done tinkering with his stream?
You're the one who set up a new office dr. Chath don't try to take everything out on me
Okay, you know what I'm already getting defensive and I do apologize. I promised I would work on that but you know my chest
You're not
Sorry, you not dr. Chath
I feel fat
What do you mean?
You look thinner than ever if anything. I feel like you look I feel like you look totally normal
dumbass
I said I would try to be more open to this process, but I mean I
How is that supposed to help me the healing can soon begin?
What if I just let you call me dumbass heal each other?
Okay
I how's the hemorrhoids? I don't have those anymore
And dr. Client privilege. I guess
That doesn't make sense in this case because we're in your office
But I would prefer
If you didn't just say that out of nowhere
That would be my preference dr. Chath
You wish well
I'm telling you it's more of a preference action and ball torture
Are you asking if I do that?
I don't do that. No, I don't do cock and ball torture
dumbass
Okay
Healing can soon begin in what are you listening? Is I can you just explain your process to me?
I've never been able to really get a handle on what you're trying to convey. You mostly insult me. Okay
Some say the eyes are the windows to the soul
Make sure to use streak-free ammonia on your glasses and burn slas
Okay, I guess that kind of makes sense
um
Anything else?
Will we ever find the state where trump's economy is good?
I am
Down to look because I am also curious which else said you'd say something like this say what what did I say?
I'm trying to listen. I swear won't command h mess with your headlines
Actually, that's a great point dr. Chath
So you shouldn't be using chat commands for therapy that does remind me that I changed that headline
command for mods to exclamation point he
Actually, and I did forgot forget to say that
And I'm sorry I'm being defensive again, but how do you feel about your girth and mirth?
I feel okay
I feel reasonably murthy
And no comment on the other one. Okay. I got some work done
It's the opposite of grunge face. I think
Well
Oh because you look so
You do look
You know what I'm not going to go there. How do you feel about being compared to JD Vance?
I'm not that many people do that actually
It's actually not it's not a thing I deal with that often
So
I feel fine. I feel completely fine about that don't question the process
I'm not I just would love an explanation of the process. I don't understand. What is helping someone help?
But
But it's your job to help me. Are you a top or bottom?
I
Guess technically a top
ski beady
Okay
I don't
How is kandel has she said anything about me?
No, no, she's never mentioned you even once. She's literally never
Ever had the words dr. Chath come out of her mouth. I'm being honest
I'm sorry if that hurts you, but it's the truth. Do you not like holes?
Those two questions back to back worry me just a little bit dr. Chath
Again, I'd just love to know where this is headed. I'm playing Final Fantasy 4 for the s and he is
How are you?
I'm pretty good. Thank you for finally asking. I think I'm doing okay
The holidays are you know, they're not even that stressful this year. So I actually feel pretty good. I used ai to create all of these diplomas
It does look like you did they don't say actual words
Have you noticed that they kind of say gibberish?
Would you like a fresh cold cheer wine?
Listen to it fizz
Nothing beats a cheer wine. What do you think? It's not my favorite sodas
It's like a little
you know sugary
But it's okay. I mean, I'm technically from the south so
You know crumb shot
It was crumb in here earlier. I don't know why you're bringing him the trial period has ended
pay $200 dollars
To continue this software is $200 dollars like 400 dollars because I would prefer
And headline both start with h and e
That's true, but only one of them triggers headlines and also only the mods can use the headline one. Wait, how do you?
Know about this dr. Chath. I don't feel like I've ever talked about streamer bot in here with you
But maybe we'll be whole when you bring back
Leon
Liliana and joe rogan's show
Well the joe rogan you can barely tell you use
Just for men
It looks great
my beard
But my sides are going white. Why would I be using just for men when I'm clearly aging so naturally kill each other
Oh you and me
How would that help that has to be the opposite of therapy dr. Chath? I don't think you can just tell me to kill you
Boom goes the dynamite. Okay. That's an old one
Is that like six seven?
Sorry you're trying to mark the passage of time by using an old meme and then a new meme
Because I don't think they're comparable boom goes the dynamite is the thing a guy actually said in a context
Six seven is just a lyric from a song that's being quoted
In a very brain roti context all the time. I'm selling crumb
and hype trains
sex tapes
five bucks a pop
I don't
I would pay you to stop doing that
I would pay you substantially more than $200 dollars
I would pay you substantially more than $5 to stop doing that
I don't think you're supposed to do that as a therapist. Are you a good witch?
Or a bad witch? I feel like neither. I don't think I can click hopeful
For a positive outcome
You are wasting my time. I just don't understand what outcome we're even going for did you pull for ban you in zzz
I don't actually know what that is
Am I telling on myself by not knowing
What that is?
My lucky stars
Chinese fuxing out chow
Is a 1985 hong kong action comedy film?
Starring and directed by samo hong
The film was written by barry wong and produced by lennard ho the film co-stars jackie chan
u n biao
sabeli who
Richard ung
charlie chin
eric sang and stanley feng
One it was released as five lucky stars in japan nor two and has ninja encounter in the philippines
Okay, three
My lucky stars is the second film in the lucky stars series
And a semi-sequel to winners and sinners
With many of the se
You're done now
That was it
Jeb
clementine
jisbo
Salazar
leon
The joes
Your studio is a death trap. The joes are fine. The rest of them are fine. They're all fine. The only one who's died is nobody
Nobody's died. My beard is crawling with tiny insects. What?
Dr. Chad
I don't know if I can keep coming in okay. You told me that you changed your whole process
But I feel like you didn't I feel like it's I feel like it's as bad as ever
I'm sorry if that's rude
Do you regret bringing back crumb?
Yes, of course. I thought we could talk about my complicated feelings that aren't really that complicated
I I wish he wasn't
Which if the voices think you might need therapy
yours
You cannot monopolize the sex tapes case. Well, I'm not
I don't want a crumb sex and no one wants that
Maybe munch wants it. I don't know. I don't really understand their relationship. Honestly, I didn't know I could read chinese
I was surprised by that. Wait, you're reading right now. You're supposed to be talking to me. Where is the murder mystery?
That's the meanest thing you've said all stream, okay
Do you ever feel like your coworkers?
I'm getting a call are just suppressed aspects of your own fractured personality. Yeah, kendall. You're on the stream
That's good to know
Just so you know
Secrets and lore oh
I'm technically also in therapy on the stream. So, you know, it's a safe place
Okay, it's a safe place a safe place. I have a giant
hole
As my big toe
What anything it's uh, it's been bothering me. Wait, you said as your big toe. You mean on your big toe
No, no as my big toe
I feel like I can't wear open-toe shoes outside
Or anywhere
Do you have any advice for me doctor?
Oh, you're asking the therapist. Okay. Um, do you have any advice for kendall therapist? She said she has a big toe
That is a mole essentially so
Hate sock talked a lot about adoring kendall
He spoke eloquently
He didn't really have any good advice. He just brought up a sock. He's fired. Anyway, I'm on my way home. Oh, okay
He did bring up socks
That's okay. That doesn't help me. Okay
Well, I'll see you at home very soon then
Yes, okay
I I love you. Okay. I love you. Bye. You see that I easily said I love you and that's the sign of I think a healthy
Guy
So why didn't you bring back the poster?
Look how many posters are around you. What do you even mean? You're so my fingers
Don't forget to wash behind my ears
Dumb ass
You want you to wash behind your ears?
Why would I do that? Who is your favorite correspondent?
um jake
But he's just so squirrelly. I can't get a hold of him that much. I'd say pepito, but I don't think he counts
If you've been paying attention
I never have to blink
Okay, you do seem to not be lying to get a holy infant so tender and mild
How long would you cook it? I'm not gonna risk hello kendall
Okay, she she hung up probably because of things like what you just said would you like to play a game?
400 pounds of c4
Have been placed beneath your couch
I checked this couch when I came in because I've played your games before doctor fuck the toe hole case
It was made for you. No, that's not no, that's not the appropriate there. I recommend you stop writing to jared from subway
It's not good for his image for his
For his image. I'm the problem with jared from subway really the hell crumb poster. No, you know, I won't do it
I refuse. Yes. I'm baby
You're bait. What do you mean your baby?
Hey, did you see new jesus?
What a fuck
I didn't know they already dropped new jesus when did that come up today? Of course jd checked out the couch
I want you to start using healing crystals to rebalance your chi
The entire set will cost 200 dollars or four payments
of 69 dollars
95 cents
Is this all just to get me to buy crystals? Is that why you say all this rude shit to me because
Have you realized the hate sock is whole is whole a hole whose depths have never been?
Plumbed a depth that could hold many secrets
many legends
many
Correspondents fear the hate sock
The infinite hole monster. Well a sock has an end. It's technically a sock only has one hole
I tap for faith and play blue eyes white jesus
I would play that card
If you want to just play yugioh doctor, I would a hundred percent do that. Okay
Are there any bush openings in trips park?
You'd have to ask trip. I don't know, but I do think I have to go answering the phone to deflect from questions
Won't work
Do you ever feel like your coworkers at bin or just suppressed aspects of your own fractured personality?
If anything, I feel like I'm lacking personality. So maybe they stole it from me suck my j-gun
I
Doctor how is that supposed to help me? I need to go. Okay. I know I need to go. Okay new new world order
I miss puffy bear. I miss him too right now. Okay, I'm gonna go through
Which part was
Breakthrough
Breakthrough, okay. I guess all of it was well. Thanks dr. Chath. I I appreciate the
Time I guess
Breakthrough. Okay, and you're gonna keep saying that aren't you all right. Well, well, thank you. I guess we're gonna send it now to
To Trent at the movies, uh, and then we'll we'll see where we're at. We do also have to make a song today. So
It's time for Trent at the movies
I don't think you're supposed to still have that stuff on screen
The healing is supposed to be over actually
Somebody turn this bullshit off, please. I don't believe in therapy. I actually believe in trailers
That's the only type of therapy I need
And I don't care how many girls on tick tock tell me that that's regressive. I'm actually too young to be on tick tock
I'm on whatever is the new tick tock
tick tocks overdue. I'm
Ticktocks over
In what sense it's overdue. We're on them. We moved on to like, um new vine or whatever
I think tick tocks still popular with people who are actually the age you claim to be
Not yeah, we're on lemonade now
What even is that if you have to ask dude, then you don't lemon
And then you're not limiting that doesn't sound like a thing kids say they're all saying that and I am one of them
Let's watch some motherfucking trailers. You know what I mean? I don't think the healing is still active
Shit the healing is supposed to be off, but um
I don't think it is
Yeah, it seems very much on still look well, you can populate the healing list for future healing actually I guess
How do you know how the healing works because I am a shaman. All right
It's just a fact
I'm a young fucking shaman. That's my rap name
Your rap what is happening? Look stuff isn't working a hundred percent all the time and that's okay
That's why my name is young shaman
someday we'll get that fixed so that um
That is what's behind you right now
But stuff is happening a little bit. That's not supposed to be my god
Uh, I don't know what case has been doing in the stream, but maybe someday he'll disclose it
That's a transition. I just use the word of the title
before the
Uh showing the trailer
What?
Look out behind you young blood. No, that's my boy. That's my boy horse
He's fucked up. He's he's real little
Or real big depending
Anyway, it's time to watch a trailer. Quit trying to waste my time
If you found out we weren't alone if someone showed you
Proved it to you would that frighten you? Yes
Good morning, Kansas City. Let's take a look at today. Let's let's
Is
Today's
Today jr. Ha ha ha
What the fuck she's got popcorn throat. What the hell oh god everybody's got popcorn throat. I'll write to know the truth
It belongs to set the rfk people. Everyone's rfk now. What is it? You won't believe me if I told you
So I'm gonna show you what are you gonna do?
Full disclosure to the whole world
All the more counter me unknown
They are starved for the truth. Do you think there could be others?
Why would he make such a vast universe yet save it only for us?
He also made it for the popcorn monsters. God is back. That shit's fucked up
That shit right there was crazy
damn
That's a new type of monster. I ain't ever heard before since the grudge
It did kind of sound like the grudge lady
Just a little bit
But what if the lady from the grudge was alien?
It's crazy. I don't know what this timer don't even worry about that right now, dude
It's clicking like the monster lady's throat
Can people even make that noise? I think maybe like
Oh, shit. Don't it's happening to chris. No, I'm just making the noise you can do it too. It's easy
No, stop it, dude
Fuck I always knew you were a freakish alien monster and it's true
2.17 stars people aren't feeling scared of it. Now wasn't either. I'm not scared of that
It's whatever. I'm not even scared of it
Oh, stop it, dude
You can make that it's not that crazy of a noise. It's fucking insane
Someone needs to fix the microwave. I think so too
Power outages and clicky throats. That's the craziest shit I've
seen said some people not me. I wasn't that impressed
Okay, it was some Melania trailer
It's the trailer for Melania's here we go
I'm excited for this one because I've always wondered who's that lady
Who is Melania? She's the president's wife. What?
It's the first lady. You didn't know that?
I thought she was like a michael jackson impersonator
She's a president's. Whoa. Okay
I guess I'm still curious, but that's crazy
Here we go again
You can come in. Come on in
After hours, legacy will be then a peace maker
Peace maker and enterprise
Together with like-minded leaders. We have a voice. Is it safe? Yeah, it's safe. Everyone wants to know
So here it is. Hi, mr. President. Congratulations. Did you watch it? I did not. Yeah, I will see it on the news
They're teasing some tension there because she's like I don't watch your bullshit. Fuck you
Is that kind of teasing tension? Yeah, dude, it's she's like over at her son shit. She's like
I'm over your shit. Fuck you
Lot of zeros coming in
A whole lot of zeros
We even got a first time chatter llama james coming in just say fuck that trailer
I feel like it's mean because I thought she looked like a pretty good michael jackson impersonator
She doesn't even look it's just a hat young blood. She doesn't look that much like it
I legitimately thought she was
And I was celebrating that she's like a lady michael jackson
It got slightly above zero
The people aren't entirely happy with that one
Watch the amazing rise of a lady with heels and hair
From prostitute to prostitute
Look, that's a little reductive because she also
I think she has like a vitamin water. She sells her something. No, she doesn't how do you know nothing about her?
I don't know. It's I just the thought
She's some like weird lady that I didn't have to know about
Look, let's end on something that rocks killer whales. Okay, they're back
The most famous killer in all of horror is back the whale
You also know killer whales are like a species of whale
Well, we'll see let's watch the trailer
Trapped in there
Me too. I hope they learn to walk
She just got killed
Your bureau is to be cold voice be hot. She and me no matter what
It's a beach. This is josh
We have a surprise for you. It's a jet ski
That's the ultimate surprise. Oh that looked good
No, not josh. Josh. No
Orcas have never killed a human in the wild
She thinks she's still trapped in captivity. Let's get to this rocks and then we'll find a way out
Oh
Oh, she's dead. They're going to get through this
She got away with that
Hey, just got an auto recommended video for what your ball size says about you
Then the algorithm knows you too well young blood dude mine are big
Is that surprising?
Doesn't surprise me that you'd say that and I bet that says something good about me
I
I just not gonna comment on the whale trailer. It looks good. It does what it looks pretty it looks like jaws
but like what if jaws was
A whale
It doesn't even look that much like jaws, but they're on a boat or something. They were not on a boat. They were on a jet ski
You're like getting all the details. Do not to me. It looked like big scary whale jaws
Even or car if in about that trailer
1.33 seems generous to me. You're just not a fan of jaws. Yes, I am
That doesn't look like jaws dude. They're basically the same movie. Just is it cuz jaws is black now
Oh my god, that he can you just say less dumb things young blood
It can't even be insulted because it's too stupid
I'm saying it's kind of fucked up chris. I'm not the one who said something bad. Yes, you are
All right. Well, that's what you'd say. That's what anyone would say
All right. Well, I guess that's all the time we have because chris is being such a bummer
We're gonna go to um
I called him black jaws. Yeah, he's a what he's
Am I do I have the color of the whale wrong? I mean technically? Yes, it's the whale is black and white
And isn't that beautiful? No, it's a whale
It could have named a black jaws it was right there. Oh my god
Now that's a movie
egg job
That would probably sell a little bit better
But it would also be inaccurate as hell
Well, what would make it accurate?
I don't want to get into it. You said you're ending this segment
To me. It's the end of the stream. I always assume that it's over whenever I leave
So I'm gonna say it's the end of stream, but I guess we are technically sending it to another segment. It's some
Everybody circled up or something. No wait, maybe we save that one. We got to make a song. I'm being told
We're gonna end on a song and oh all right. There's cut away from me
Guys, we've updated our system here
And you can now send us lyrics directly with exclamation point l which hopefully doesn't also trigger something else
We can only hope
Rip the jay music. What look it says music productions right there
We have to make a song today though, and I didn't even
What does this do? That's a good question
exclamation point l will send a lyric and you can make it whatever
though technically
the request
If I can go way back in time
was for
uh
We gotta add this to the screen somehow
Wait was there a quest for a song?
Oh, yeah a hyper pop club song by jan the intern called what do I even do here?
It's by the intern jan
Who I'm told is a lovely young lady with curly hair
and the song
Is called what do I even do here and it's hyper pop? So those are our instructions
Which means I have to find a hyper pop instrumental
And like any real producer you just nailed it
You just did it and the lyric did appear on my on my worksheet. So
Check it out permanent my perm our first lyric
And you can you can add as many lyrics as you want
Okay, that one
Somehow didn't update this
Maybe I did it wrong
But I will add any lyric that comes in myself if it if it is being bad. Oh, no it added it just took in a minute
Don't worry. I was panicking for no reason. Uh, okay, let's find a hyper pop track
Let's get hyped up
I'm glad I made that noise
Because it is it does legitimately fire me up
Okay
Hyper pop
Oh, that is a genre on here. Check it out the heck. Oh, there we go. Okay hyper pop
But we need an instrumental
Okay
I
I'm not sure
Oh, this is the song without the lyrics. Okay. That's okay
Hyper pop makes me think it needs to have crazy. Oh, okay
Damn it. Is this one of lyrics too? Let's go with most popular
On their list here here for the college credit. You're getting it
Okay, I don't know what hyper pop what makes hyper pop hyper poppy. Does this even count as hyper pop?
Actually, this one kind of counts, right? It's about um an intern asking. What do I even do here?
Maybe this so far I like this one
Okay, let's go with this one
I think it really fits what we're talking about but I like
That it sounds kind of annoying I guess the first one
This one
This one this is the first one to be played technically do we like this one?
And like can be in quotes. Let's look up on youtube. Maybe youtube has stronger hyper pop instrumentals that we can borrow
Hyper pop
Instrumental
Let's get hyper. Well, I guess hyper pop just sounds like this
This is why hyper pop is
Maybe I'm thinking more of like crazy j-pop instrumentals. It needs to be a club banger. Okay
I have like an idea just
Okay, that's the same one
This is hyper pop
times two holless jerk tight beat
Okay, so I'm thinking clubby now. Oh, shit. Look at this guy
Okay, maybe not no
It needs to have a drop too
That doesn't have a drop. I feel like this isn't satisfying whatever itch I have
This is making me feel the itch more
No
I feel like it needs like a drop where you say the chorus right? What's that that's this? They would go this one euphoria
So wait, what's a popular hyper pop song?
So that I have more inspiration here
Popular hyper pop songs. This is supposedly the best of hyper pop
What that's just the same playlist I was just on
Being a crash when you sick it gory got that radio
With this one
Okay, this maybe I can still listen to instrumental instrumental because this is more what I was imagining
I'm just gonna go back to the beginning
There we go. We're stealing this instrumental. We'll just steal from charlie xx. That seems fine, right?
Wait, this isn't it. Well, I'm sad now that I can't find this
Instrumental
Yeah, she won't mind
Oh, I found it. Okay
There we go
Okay, now we're good
Now we're good to go to the lyrics
Just gotta download this bad boy
Nice and easy
Ha ha ha, okay
Kim Petra
I've heard of marina diamonds
So technically
I'm aware of this genre slightly
Something about daddy being at a body shop
Add it to the lyrics exclamation point lyric daddy being at a body shop
Gotta use lots of autotune. That sounds like something we can do
I mean not well, but you know, we can just do it
um
This is called
Caroline polichek. Okay, great. Let's send it to our ghost who's standing by I'm assuming
to
hyper pop us up
Whoa, I got some extra specter in me today
um
We are getting extra specter. Yeah, there we go
That's the ghost voice I was looking for. Okay
Guys look at how much penning and padding you've been doing in the lab
Look we're already loaded up. This is gonna go so much faster now
So this is for a song called
um
What
Do I even
Do here, okay, I also need um
Man it really wants to swatch that big balls video. Okay. We need to hear this insane song that case for some reason picked
Let's go. That's the killer whale trailer. We don't need that
We actually don't need the killer whale trailer again. Okay
Okay
This is gonna be a little hard to write to
But fortunately you guys have already done most of the writing for us
Yeah, that was a flock of birds
Okay, what is the original something again? We can just cheat using that
Oh, she's going fast
There's no beat to go to though
I
So you gotta say welcome to my island bitch
Two times it make us twice as fast. We don't have to follow this exactly
Okay, okay, okay, so kind of fast
And talky and then and then sort of brag braggy slash attitude look into my intern bitch
I'm an intern bitch. I'm a fucking intern bitch
How about I'm a fucking intern bitch
Yes, okay, we're gonna go with I'm a fucking intern bitch and then we'll have someone in the background go
Okay
We're sorting out the um the chorus here
Something like that. I don't know that might be too many instances of the chorus
So now we can get into the real lyrical aspect of this the all important lyrical aspect
All day I get yelled at by a dog by some dog and I don't even get paid for it
Get your own damn coffee
Um flirting with crumb for free meals in a harassment case
Um
Crumb tries to flirt
I don't have time for it. I also don't think we need to worry about this constantly rhyming with the word it doesn't even
seem to matter
All day I get yelled at by some dog and I don't even get paid for it
Get your own damn coffee. Trump ties to flirt and I don't get paid for it. Okay
It's gonna be hard for this intern to rat us to do to do correctly
Um, I'm tighten curly like your favorite nasty girly
You can't handle it we've got a strong it based rhyme scheme going
Did you see the new euphoria? Yeah, I'm in it
I'm in it
I'm a Samantha JK. I'm not old
Um
Bad person flirt with me. He has no money. Again just exclamation point lyric it our way. It'll be right in here
Look how many lyrics we got to work with
We're just gonna make all of these somewhat rhyme and then and then she'll just figure it out and add this chorus
wherever it fits
I be do be do be do be do be do be
I like this. I'm leaving it as is
This can be the um, this can be the uh bridge
bridge
She can just say I be do be do be do be do be do be do be I be do be do be do be do be do be
We'll add this up here in the section of stuff that may get used by her at any point
Um
I'll take it yelled by some dog and I don't even get paid for it
All day long I get yelled at by some dog and I don't even get paid for it
Get your own damn coffee. Trump tries to flirt and I don't get paid for it
I'm tighten curly like your favorite. That's a girly and you know, you can't handle it
Did you see my new euphoria? Yeah, I'm basically in it. I'm a Samantha JK. I'm not old
Oopsie
Yes, what did I just do? There we go
Uh, let's just keep it rhyming with it. That'll make this easier
What the fuck?
Everything is reverted. No
What have I done?
This is what happens when I hit the wrong button
Shit
I'm so sad
I know I hit redo but apparently I saved the change
Um
Well, that's fine. We can redo that work very quickly
Really? We just had her saying I'm an intern bitch a bunch
Okay, okay, okay. You gotta be careful in these parts
Fortunately, all of your lyrics are in here
What's the opposite of controls II I know right?
This is for a second pass
Um
prom tries to flirt
I don't like it
Tighten curly like uh, I'm tighten curly like your favorite nasty girly
Yeah, you can't handle it
Did you see the new euphoria?
I'm basically in it
Okay
I'm a Samantha, but I'm not old and shit
Hello Kendall
That's my ghost Kendall. Is course credit worth this shit?
And then this was our this was our bridge
Hello
We're writing a song
Nice
Look everybody. It's ghost Kendall. You didn't see anything chat
You see nothing
We're just rhyming every word with it or just using the word it
Because we're writing a hyper pop song. Oh, I love our chorus is I'm an intern bitch
Oh
And then our bridge is her saying I be doobie doobie doobie doobie doobie doobie doobie doobie doobie
This is like giving hyper pop. She says that's not hyper pop doobie doobie is not giving me hyper pop
Oh, because it sounds too much like a weed thing. No, it's it's to me. It sounds like to 60s. Yes
It sounds 60s to me
Well, let's have her say I be
Okay, I be I be I be I be I be
She's gonna repeat that for the bridge
Who knows how many times
Shot bop doop. Oh, you should ever say shot bop do
Checking out directly send me lyrics. So we're really lyricked up
I think you know what's hyper pop
What's that in the I be section you start naming all
Like the pronouns I be I am they are we do I be I am okay. I'm just gonna write I be parentheses pronouns
She him they are
I don't know if I don't know if I can full fortunately, I guess are the interns doing it so she can say that for us
Yeah, yeah
They call me jan
That's my name and shit
I will
We're gonna trash, but it's all cross credit
We're gonna trash bin
But it's all class credit
Munch and crumb getting sloppy in the bathroom
That's where they
fucking shit
Letal letal
We'll save that we're gonna add that to the bridge section
Um
Munch and crumb in the bathroom where they fucking shit
Okay, they fuck and shit
Okay, we've done too much college credit. So we'll lose that
Now watch my watch me hyper pop. I'm gonna add that before the bridge
We're sorry before the chorus
You want coffee? That's what's in the job description or was it? I don't even know
Okay, we do already have a coffee lyric. So we'll lose that one is being bitchy my personality
Uh, it is
And we love it
You were already ahead of the of the of the rhyme scheme here of just saying it
Extra extra extra is going in the bridge section
Breaking news at my job of breaking hearts for a living
Okay
Can I just add it to that?
But I ain't breaking shit
Uh break your heart
I ain't having it
Liliana eyeing me
Like a grooming bitch
We're saying it rhymes with bitch by the way
Working all day when I'd rather be twerking when I'd rather be twerking it
Working, but I'd rather be twerking it. There we go
I don't know how many of these lyrics she's going to be able to get through before chorus
But she better figure it out. He can fix my splits
Or some shit that jizbo guy's so hot. He can fix my splits with electricity or or whatever shit
There's a dog baby lawyer would ghost and shit
There's a crumb
So I'm talking shit
My cloaca is interning the boys crazy
and shit
See me at a town hall
I even answer the call interns don't want work for dough
At least I get to pet Pepito
Interns don't work for dough. At least I get to pet Pepito. We could leave that in I guess we could switch to an o rhyme
We'll just leave some options here that are ready rhyme
Whose dog is this is going up here?
Save me from the studio
Leon save me
With a hot spin kick
That's also that's close enough to it
If there's no name on the food in the fridge, can I have it?
Beautiful already works
What do I even fucking do is going up in this section up here?
Get away from me ugly dog thing. Welcome to my storage closet
That dog stole my wallet
Okay that
Is staying here
And Zendaya donkey punched me is going up in this sort of all-play area
Wait, where are my other lyrics? You know, I think I fucked this uh
I might have fucked this
Document up by accident because it should be updating and it's not
Okay, we're just gonna add that in them
Ritz has been other fun
Been modified by another program. Do you want to reload the changes?
Hmm
I'm gonna say no for now
I'm gonna save this
Okay
Seems like maybe once I start working on this I fuck with its ability to update
So I'll keep that in mind
For the future
This is good enough though
That
Is good enough you can add these other ones in manually. All right. Let's get Jen in here
Let's get her
Where is she?
There she is
Okay, that's I did it another huge success
Wow
It's just that easy for a ghost writer. Okay
Jan
Are you ready? No, I don't know what we're doing
Um music you'll figure it out. Okay
It's music time everybody did she die or your hair does look dark
It's just that I'm wearing a black coat. This was apparently I had to wear this
To do this or something
You are looking very smooth. That's not appropriate to tell me
Sorry
Um, I wrote a bunch of things
For you to say
Maybe that's a good attitude. You don't have to say them. Maybe I won't. Yeah, that's fine
I'm actually I'm an undead ghost. So right today. I'm surrounded by
Sort of cosmic lines
That's what's going on with me. Okay, that's cool. Thank you
I'm doing stuff too. Well, whatever you're trying to our dude
Okay, let me set this up then. I you know, I actually do all the producing around here. So
Big deal actually, um really nothing gonna get done. Let me just you know
Okay, what was the last thing we made?
What did we do in here last?
Sort of terrified to even find out
What horrors we created last session?
um
Gears
Oh, that's the wrong thing. It's actually the wrong
Yeah, there's something
Okay, that's the thing we did
Let me just save that
Stockings
Um
That sounded like a winner. It sounded like a strong offering, but maybe maybe we can do even better today
Oh, kennel got a new thing
You got a karomi head thing
That's cute
That's very cute
All right
This doesn't have much of a beat so you're gonna have to figure it out. I might not
I might not figure it out just so you know
Maybe I'll try maybe I won't
It's hard to say
Okay, well it is up to you, you know, ultimately your names on it. Maybe if you even know my name, isn't it jane?
Okay
Let's do this pull up my lyrics
Hyper pop so like I'm like, okay
Whatever
Maybe okay, that's how I'm gonna approach it. Oh my god. There's so many lyrics. This is too many
Oh
Yeah
See me at a ton hall and I can't even answer the call
Yeah, I'm an intern. I don't work for dough. At least I got to pipito
Haha
Oh, let's get into this. Okay
Hmm
What do I even do here? I'm not even sure what you're like wanting for me to do
All day I get paid you'll buy some dog and I don't even get paid for it
Get your own damn coffee come tries to flirt. Guess what? I don't like it. I'm tight and curly curlier than your favorite
I'm a nasty girl. You can't handle it. You see the new for you
I'm basically in it
I'm Samantha, but I'm not old and shit is course credit even really worth the shit. They call me jan
Yeah, that's my name and shit. We're gonna trash clan for x credit much and crumb in the bathroom where they fucking shit
You know my super finds to get over it. I'm busy being personality
Yeah, my personality is that we love it breaking news of my job, but I ain't even breaking shit
Break your heart. I ain't having it lily on a I'm me. She's some grooming bitch
We're gonna but I'd rather not be twerking it that jizbo guy. Yeah, he's hot and shit
You can fuck my splits this electricity. It's like whatever and shit
There's a dog a baby lawyer. There's a weed ghost and shit. There's a crumb and I'm talking shit
My cloaca is interesting and the boys are crazy and shit
So if you had a town hall, I can't even answer the call
And that's my shit
I think they're supposed to be a chorus in there at some point
I don't need a chorus
I do think there's supposed to be one
what
Why don't you try it one more time because I don't know if um
I don't know if anything you said like made sense
What
Use it as a backing track. Yeah, just figure it out
You gotta say now watch me hyper pop and do the chorus. Where's the chorus?
I don't know
Yeah, just use the chorus as a backing track. I said a bunch of words. Okay. Let's do one more
Let's have you try one more time. We'll start after the slow part. Maybe that'll help
You'll help
I mean, I'll try
Yeah, we'll see
Um
Whoa music
I don't need your attitude old man. I'm making music right now
All day I get yelled at at the dog and I don't even get paid for it
Get your own damn coffee crump has a flirt. Well, guess what? I don't really like that shit. I'm tighten curly like a favorite
I'm a nasty girl. You can't handle it. Did you see the new euphoria?
Uh-huh
I'm basically in it. Well, what do I even do do what do I even do? I'm an intern bitch
What do I even do do what do I even do? I'm an intern bitch. What do I do do?
What do I even do? I'm an intern bitch. I'm an intern bitch. I'm an intern bitch. I'm an intern bitch
I've been busy being bitchy. That's my personality. Is it? Yeah, we love it. You know, it's true and we love to see it
Okay
Breaking news at my job, but I am breaking shit break your heart. I ain't having it lily on a eyeing me and
Shit. Well, she's a grooming bitch
What do I even do? Do what do I even do? Do I'm an intern?
Do I even do do what do I even do? I'm an intern. What do I even do?
What do I even do? I'm an intern bitch. What do I even do? Do I'm an intern bitch. I'm an intern bitch
I'm an intern bitch. What do I even do? I'm an intern bitch
I'm an intern bitch. What do I even do? I'm an intern bitch
I'm an intern bitch. What do I I'm an intern bitch
I'm an intern bitch
I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I see, I be, I am, I am and they, I be.
I be, I be, I be, li-li-li-li-li-li-li.
Little extra extra.
Extra extra extra extra extra.
Xandaya donkey punch me.
Extra, extra extra, what do I eat at extra, Zendiah donkey punch me.
I'm an intern bitch. What do I even do? What do I eat? I'm an intern. What do I even do?
What do I even do? I'm an intern bitch. What do I even do? What do I even I'm an intern bitch?
What do I even do do what do I'm an intern bitch?
That's it. Sure. I'm done
You're calling it. Yeah, I'm done
Just mix that up. I think we should get a back. It's a little backing for you
Kendall do you want to back up this hyper pop trap track real quick?
So this will be um
The course is what do I even do? I'm an intern bitch
So just just say whatever you want at the same time is um, well actually we're gonna get your cousin out
Yeah, we're gonna do this together
okay, and
You're gonna it's gonna record weird cuz we're also gonna be recording the the instrumental at the same time
And what does it sound like? How do I say it?
You'll pick it up. Don't worry. Oh, okay. We can sort of just talk over this
Yeah, what's up? Oh
What's up with you?
Me too. I've been cheesing it all day
Absolutely broccoli. I love to broccoli and I love to cheese it
Yeah, what do we even do do what do we even I'm an intern? What do we even do do what do we even?
I'm an intern. What do we even do do what do we even I'm an intern bitch. I'm an intern bitch. I'm an intern bitch
I'm an intern bitch. What do we even do?
Okay, never mind. I didn't know what was going on. I can't hear shit guys. I don't know what's going on
Okay, we're just gonna say I'm an intern bitch whatever this court sounds courtesy again. We'll just say only I'm an intern bitch
I'm an intern bitch. I'm an intern bitch. I'm an intern bitch. I'm an intern bitch
I'm an intern bitch I'm in intern bitch...
You're not gonna do it.
I can't hear anything.
Really?
Can't hear the beat.
Barely.
Can you hear it now?
Yeah.
Okay.
We're gonna try again.
Here we go.
How long? How often?
Uh, it's the bridge again...
Sorry sorry sorry
Just say it all to start it and then just say it.
I can just loop, I can just throw this in wherever or he can.
Okay.
Okay, well, so we'll start it here.
Are we recording still?
No, we're not.
Okay.
Now we will.
Hey, we're just gonna say I'm an intern bitch a lot.
I'm an intern bitch, I'm an intern bitch, I'm an intern bitch, I'm an intern bitch, I'm an intern bitch, I'm an intern bitch, I'm an intern bitch, I'm an intern bitch, I'm an intern bitch, I'm an intern bitch, I'm an intern bitch, I'm an intern bitch, I'm an intern bitch, I'm an intern bitch, I'm an intern bitch, I'm an intern bitch, I'm an intern bitch, I'm an intern bitch, I'm an intern bitch, I'm an intern bitch, I'm an intern bitch, I'm an intern bitch, I'm an intern bitch, I'm an intern bitch, I'm an intern bitch, I'm an intern bitch, I'm an intern bitch, I'm an intern bitch, I'm an intern bitch, I'm an intern bitch, I'm an intern bitch, I'm an intern bitch, I'm an intern bitch, I'm an intern bitch, I'm an intern bitch, I'm an intern bitch, I'm an intern bitch, I
Yeah, that's how it works. Okay. I'm done. Okay. Great. Thank you Kendall and I'm kind of excited for this
Should we sell it to cats? I after yeah, we're gonna sell this to cats. I dead ass guys
Is it good enough to sell to cats? I I need to know yeah, it'll be fine. It'll be good enough
All right guys
Now I just have to mix that and the six other tracks that we've made
But I actually might have time tomorrow, so they really take very long. I don't really do it very carefully
What's that? Nothing. Don't you don't even worry about it?
Okay
We'll be back on Friday. I
Think with grunch miss
It depends do we have any do we have a grunch miss thread?
We do oh and it's very populated. Okay. Oh, we can do grunch miss on Friday
Because all those assets are just good to go. Yeah, there's a thread already beautiful. What time?
I
Hope we should try to start early. Hopefully we'll be able to start by three
Because it might take longer because it's grunch miss. I mean I'm DJ C4 so I
Guess technically I don't know
But cases in my ear and he's saying he's gonna try to start around three
But you know case he might fuck it up and you can add
More people if you'd like to the grunch miss 2025 thread at the cream dot team in the bin section
Go to the bin section throw images of anybody that you would like to see added to the fuck slash doesn't fuck list and
We'll get to it. We've almost caught back up on segments. Maybe we'll throw it in circled in too. We'll see
Okay
That'll do us a for today
Let's see who is on
Currently Danny's on
Let's raid Danny who we couldn't circle the crunch. There was a request though that we never did for Jan to do
And in circle and we have not paid it off
We big time never paid it off
Okay, everybody it's a
It's just a case raid a good old Wednesday case raid have a beautiful Wednesday night
Also it sounds like we might be doing
The cream the stream the cream team dream stream on Friday
So we definitely need to grunch miss a little early in that case
Anyway, stay tuned to the discord. I'm sure that they will update you there and by they I mean me or Casem