I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
CANGEL!
6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, let's do this!
I'm Pepito!
He's doing multi-form nojutsu there guys, just ignore that.
It's one of my new powers.
I was getting a new power every now and then.
I don't know.
Ooh, sneaking in here like that.
That's not allowed.
Hypecran, your music already played.
Hypecran, is this really necessary?
I just have to ask as if you'll tell me the truth.
I never tell a lie.
Yes! It's necessary to hear my song forever!
I bet we're really in for it today Hypecran.
I bet you're just gonna keep going and going.
There's no way I will stop ever.
I will literally never stop talking for even-
Pucci has once again returned to his planet.
Sorry everybody.
This is just the way the hype lives and dies.
Like a candle in the wind.
It sets your house on fire.
Tragic stuff.
But we'll be okay.
Will we be okay?
Yes.
Oh good.
We'll see everybody.
I'm a dog.
That's all I got.
Oh okay.
You were the Hype all along, Boulevard Trasse.
That's true.
Apologies for missing the Friday stream.
I had work.
What is with the stream today?
No you didn't.
I have your cousin over here.
I have another cousin?
Yeah, your cousin has given him a check.
For what?
For being related to you.
That's how it works.
That's not how payments are supposed to work.
I just didn't get money to whoever says I related to you.
Is that not how it's supposed to work?
Stop doing that.
It's in my contract to do that.
You don't have a contract.
What?
We gotta work on that case.
I'm a big money player.
Do you know what money is?
It's little crickets that chirp at night.
That is not what money is, Pepito.
Says you.
What do you know about money?
You don't even pay your cousin.
Anyway, that's all I got.
Where's your fish tie?
That's my job.
It's for money to wear that.
Shit, that is kind of your job.
The stream pope isn't paid?
Yeah, this is crazy.
Give me whatever money is.
It's like paper?
Oh, I'll eat that.
What would you just eat? Printer paper?
Yeah.
Give me that.
This case related to Mr. Blackwell, that well-dressed guy?
Oh, god, it broke!
No!
The fish tie!
It's seen its last day!
I don't know if this is fixable, guys.
There's no way I could just tie this.
You guys hear it?
It's so dramatic.
I was always so fast and loose with jamming this thing on my fat fucking neck
that I broke it!
This is what happens when you're careless with the things that mean the most to you.
You know what I mean, Pepito?
Just kidding, it's totally fine.
It was easily fixed by me.
I fixed it.
You just saw me fix it.
Uh-uh.
Poor one out for the original fish tie.
This is now the million-dollar-man fish tie.
I had to rebuild it and make it stronger.
I pulled all my financial resources.
Another DJ music, another one.
Okay, we'll end on DJ music.
But for now, I think I actually have to disable all segments.
They're off!
They're turned off now, chat.
Because I have so many segments that I haven't done.
And frankly, I only have today to stream this week unless I stream tomorrow
because on Wednesday I'm going to Chicago.
To do what?
A sketch fest show.
What's that reaction?
I don't care about what that is.
I'm supposed to promote it actually, Pepito.
To who? People who probably don't live in Chicago?
At least one of our viewers lives in Chicago who I won't dox.
But...
That's promotion telling one person about it.
Uh-uh.
Just have Pepito on the stream?
I refuse.
I don't even do that currently.
You're supposed to.
Yeah, but I'm not going to just do that.
You just moved to the greater Chicago area.
Well, I'll be in one part of the greater Chicago area.
So technically the Chicago area.
As far as I know.
True Blue 91ers gets it. This is how you spread awareness.
It just takes one person to tell another person.
Who then will probably never tell another person.
It stops it too, but that's still enough.
Have Kendall run the stream? She has her own stream.
That she made me build a bunch of assets for.
That she never uses.
It's gonna be built the wrong.
What? It all works?
Does it?
I'm actually not sure, but it works kind of.
Have Jizbo run the stream?
Jizbo's missing.
I have no idea where Jizbo is.
Technically he doesn't work for me.
He works for the building.
I would never have a...
I would never keep a guy around named Jizbo.
That's fucked up, okay?
So that's that man's name.
I refuse to reconsider.
12 hours just outside of Chicago.
I don't want to make anyone drive 12 hours to see 30 minutes of sketch comedy.
We'll find Jizbo one of these days.
Anyway, I kind of have to try to move the stream along today
because I do still have more work to do today.
But as Monday is my only stream day, I didn't even stream Friday.
I figure we can at least knock these segments out.
And hey, tomorrow if I have time I will try to, but you know me.
I love to just do work.
Is that what you're calling?
Well, I mean it is technically work.
It's just also sitting at a computer.
It's not the most exciting type of work.
Jizbo went back into the wall to retrieve the poster and he is a hero for that.
Well, that wasn't...
He should have put his job first.
That's why I can never hire him.
Because I don't trust people who don't put work first,
which is why I stream irregularly.
This is supposed to be your job.
Is it?
I was thought that...
I thought this was firmly a hobby.
Stop being busy with real life.
I guess if I just say this is my job.
Then you can justify all the time you spend on it?
No, if I say it's my job then I won't want to do it.
That's the problem.
Okay, well, you know, with that in mind, with moving things along,
send it to the next thing, Pepito.
I don't know what that is and I refuse.
Okay, let's send it to the news then in that case.
I'll do it.
It's news time.
It's still so exciting.
Don't let them take it from me.
There we go.
Look who it is.
Don't stress everybody.
The real news has arrived with the one and only Jeff Rippul.
Save Salazar?
Am I not enough for you?
Stevie loves you?
Maybe you're not.
I'd love to save Salazar.
You know, I thought I had a way to fix Salazar.
And then it just didn't work.
So, back to the drawing board.
Isn't that the little like pestilent bug man?
You're gonna have to be more specific on this stream.
Isn't it the rotting, weird, Spanish, Transylvanian vampire?
Just slightly more specific?
Isn't it the guy from Resident Evil 4?
Yes, one of them.
Anyway, he's missing.
He's caught in mid-Atlantic transit.
Just like Liliana also doing whatever she does.
I mean, she's just up to work when she feels like it.
It's a miracle you got her at all.
Liliana?
She's a huge deal case.
So who?
Various guys on the Upper East Side?
That are old?
Yeah, okay.
Alright.
Guys, it's election season.
Specifically in New York.
But it's captured.
The...
Heartbeat of the Nation.
Is what we'll say.
What?
Is that what we're saying?
I'd prefer not to say that.
Look at these two.
Andrew Cuomo's running for mayor?
We've talked about this before, Jeff.
Have we?
Oh.
The election zeitgeist.
Is zeitgeist running?
No, zeitgeist is a...
term.
How many terms is he running for?
Jeff, we have a know who's on first policy here.
Who's on first is running for mayor?
Okay, we're not doing this.
That's good.
That's some good stuff.
Okay, what about it though?
What about it?
I honestly don't know.
Let's see if there's any updates.
As far as I can tell, it seems like in case you're not aware,
there's a mayor, a mayoral election in New York City.
I'll say the things that could be construed as headlines around here.
Thank you very much.
Mmm-hmm.
All the news at once.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
That's not the right thing.
There we go.
Trump urges New Yorkers to vote for Andrew Cuomo over Zoran Mandani.
Shoot, that's a huge endorsement.
In what direction I'm not sure?
Slurping for Sliwa?
Yeah, Curtis Sliwa?
I hope I'm saying that right.
Sliwa? No, Sliwa.
It's not like you're saying the name of an Ewok.
It's not an Ewok name.
That's probably insensitive to say, Jeff.
Isn't he like a white guy in a beret?
I don't think you can be racist to that type of guy.
What about Curtis?
Yeah, what about Curtis?
Is he on this?
Oh, there he is.
Coming at 24.1% of the...
Wait, where are these poll numbers from?
Another rapist friend?
Mr. Whoopi-Boo-Boo?
I don't know if those allegations are out against Curtis Sliwa.
I know they're out against Cuomo.
Um...
Shaggy says Cuomo is representing the...
Yes.
Yes, the Nussi party as we'll call it.
Well, he got that Nussi endorsement.
President Trump coming in off the top rope to say,
I'm helping?
I can't imagine that that's going to be too useful to get the endorsement of President Trump in New York.
Uncle Phil 2K says, possibly the most apocalyptic election ever,
according to Republican bigots and crooked Democrats.
That's the whole electorate.
So 100% of the electorate can't be wrong.
No, we're trying to change the electorate to include...
More or less socialist candidates.
Case, quit trying to get him unelected already.
As close as we can get, at least.
On my timeline, people are already kind of turning against Zoran Mamdani for being like too political.
I don't even think we have the luxury to really be that upset over a politician being like trying to do politics.
They're even like 20% of the direction I'd like to see things go.
So I am currently hoping that Zoran wins.
It looks like he's going to.
Hey, now that he's got that Trump bump, who knows?
Well, I'll tell you what, Donald Trump urged New Yorkers to cast their ballots for his one-time nemesis, Andrew Cuomo.
Rather than the frontrunner in the mayor's race, Democratic Socialist Zoran Mamdani, or even Republican Curtis Sleiliois.
Daggett says every time I see the word Cuomo, I immediately think Weezer.
Do they have a song called Cuomo?
Not that I'm not a huge Weezer fan and would know.
River is Cuomo.
Isn't him-is the lead vocalist?
You just looked that up and I remembered it.
Due to my cultural awareness.
The serial offenders stick together.
Is River's Cuomo related to Andrew Cuomo?
I don't think so.
I'm assuming it's not the most uncommon last name.
Not like Blackwell, which is what?
Oh, you're asking? It's English, I think.
But my family claims to be Irish, so...
I'll say it's Irish.
You don't even know what you are.
You don't think you can talk to me this way, Jeff?
Your son kind of fucked up.
You also can't be racist to Irish people, Case.
And certainly not the English.
You can say whatever you want about those muffin-sucking idiots.
Muffin-sucking? Well, they have the most famous muffin, right?
How do I-how can I be racist against English people?
I'm asking, because I'd like to be.
Is Ripple English? No, it's...
Belgian. That doesn't sound right.
Crumpets? Yeah, you...
Crumpets snorting muffin-weezing whites?
Jeff, you're too white to be racist against English people.
Exactly, I can say whatever I want.
Are you trying to do, like, shock comedy right now?
No, I'm trying to be racist to the English.
We're talking about a mayoral election.
Why are you getting all sidetracked here?
You are!
Ask your British correspondent.
Oh, can we? No, he's gone.
So sad.
The truth social post on Monday evening about this election,
seemed to my right,
Trump wrote,
Mar-a-Lago's in.
Pretty sure he means New York City.
Wasn't Trump summoned in the basement of Mar-a-Lago
by some ancient spell in the year 1958?
You know, maybe, but I do think he means New York.
Anyway, he says,
It's his conviction? He's convicted?
He's convinced he needs to make that happen?
He'll do whatever it takes if Mamdani wins to destroy New York.
He's going to turn into Godzilla.
His, and Trump means Mamdani here,
his principles have been tested for a thousand years
and never once have they been successful
and never once have they been successful.
He's a vampire.
I think he means socialism.
Oh my God.
He's a socialist vampire.
He does have a very aristocratic young vibe about him.
Got the pretty wife and maybe you're coming out as he's a vampire?
He's a vampire.
He's a vampire.
I will vote for him if I could. I live in LA.
Why do we even care about this? It's in fucking New York.
Are you racist against New York now?
No, that's too ethnically diverse.
I can't be racist against New York.
He'll turn the subway socialist. Not our sandwiches.
Jeff, are you trying to be obtuse today?
I don't even know a obtuse.
Anyway, he's a vampire.
I don't even know a obtuse.
Anyway, that's going on.
I think the polls have Zoran.
Some polls are having further ahead than 6%.
Yes, I mean some people think he's going to lose.
Some people think he's going to win 60% of the vote.
Turnout is extremely high.
We'll see. I don't know. Never get your hopes up.
Even if he wins, you know,
it's best not to get too jazzed for any politician in my opinion.
We should all mostly be interested in what they end up delivering on.
But I do think it's worth voting for politicians that actually say they will deliver on anything.
Well, Trump said he'd basically attack brown people, and he's doing that.
He did run on that.
So, if they're saying that they'll do things you like,
which has been very few politicians in my entire lifetime.
So, the fact Zoran has even three platforms that I think are in a positive direction,
he'd have my vote to be honest.
But he can't because I only vote in LA and Chicago and Virginia,
in case you're not supposed to do that.
You've got to maximize your vote, Jeff.
Trump added,
I would much rather see a Democrat who has a record of success win
than a Communist with no experience and a record of complete and total failure.
Is he talking about Curtis Sliwa here?
It is kind of fucked up that they're just ignoring Curtis Sliwa.
Look at him.
I have to drag this picture over just to show the guy.
And he's the Republican in the race.
He's even wearing a little red hat.
And he's nodded as Israel Bootlicker says Mr. Whoopi Boo Boo.
And we're of course still talking about Curtis Sliwa.
I'm not familiar with Curtis Sliwa's politics outside of him having
a more capitalist outlook, I guess I would put it.
But I've heard he's kind of all over the place.
However, he's given various interviews that have kind of made people like him.
Frankly, if he sticks with it in four years,
Curtis Sliwa could possibly be mayor.
Or maybe he just skipped straight to governor.
Because that works out for people, right?
Yee-no.
Love the Hates says,
Glad he's running to split the vote.
Secret socialist Sliwa, yeah.
Although again, some people are saying like,
Mom Donnie would most likely win even if Sliwa dropped out.
Because a lot of Sliwa fighters would probably go to Mom Donnie.
Again.
I don't know.
I don't trust polls.
I don't trust anything.
What?
Me either.
We're on the same page.
Let's burn it all down, case.
Wait, which part?
I don't know.
The parts we don't trust.
You're supposed to be the reasonable newsman.
This is the moderate position currently.
Oh.
You can only think of Jojo Siwa.
She could easily get into politics.
She would, I think, have to be conservative.
But, I think she could convert.
Convert to conservative?
I don't even know if she's not.
I don't know anything about Jojo Siwa.
Other than I am confused as to why she's famous.
But that means she could be a politician.
Well, Siwa 2032.
Yeah, yeah.
What?
You're endorsing?
It seems it makes as much sense as anything else.
Daggett says Jojo Siwa is the only person where people will unite to dislike her.
Well, she seems to have a fan.
She doesn't even do that thing where, see what?
Siwa.
He's naming EWACS again, Chad.
Just ignore all of this.
This is why we can't talk about actual elections, Jeff.
Because you refuse to engage in the actual politics of the situation.
We're talking about Jojo Siwa right now.
You son of a bitch.
This is the news.
She seems to be one of those people.
Now we're talking about Jojo Siwa.
Not Siwa.
I refuse to do this.
I'm not doing the who's on first.
I'm talking about Jojo Siwa case.
It's very clear.
She seems to be one of those people who became famous ironically and is now just famous.
Kendall's been watching, um, selling sunset.
I'm listening.
And she showed up in that Jojo Siwa that is.
Not courtesy.
And was like shopping for a, um, multi-million dollar home.
I have no idea if that's, that could be totally fake, but I was like, damn, she's successful enough off of, I guess, being kind of disliked that she's rich.
So that's cool.
I think you could fill that lane case.
I don't like you very much.
Oh, thanks, Jeff.
Yeah, I mean, I think you kind of suck.
So maybe you should get rich for doing that.
Just tell me how Jeff, I don't know, start dancing.
We already kind of do that on the stream.
Keep it up.
Keep it up.
You can be the world's oldest female pop star.
Um, I think, I think I missed my shot.
And it's that kind of attitude that will never get you to Jojo Siwa's level.
Exterminator says she was a successful child, successful as a child and her transition into adulthood has been rough.
So she's rich just from being a kid.
They give everything to kids nowadays.
Mansions, money, and yet we complain that they can't read anymore.
I'm not tracking Jeff.
Sorry, I'm too advanced for you.
She claims she invented gay pop.
Kendall would have in the back in the day, occasionally bring up a TikTok.
And again, we're supposed to be talking about the mayoral mayor election here.
I think we still are in our own way.
Kendall used to walk up to me with like TikToks of her and be like, isn't this crazy?
And be like, please, I don't want to know.
Stop showing me this.
So I've actively tried to ignore information about her.
And yet I still feel like I know way more information than I should.
You'd like to know less?
Yeah.
Let's get back to this election.
You think that's really better?
This could actually be good news.
I think if Zoran wins, it's a positive step.
Again, I am cautiously optimistic about basically, that's my most optimistic.
But I think even winning on these platforms could suggest like a positive path forward.
It's positive as against maybe for electoral politics.
So I'm for it.
We'll see.
I don't know.
Part of my instinct feels like he's going to get fucked some still.
What's going to fuck him?
I don't know.
Just something like they're going to just somehow drop a meteor of fuck on his head.
A fuck meteor?
We're hanging the future on maybes.
That is the best we got, Card King.
But honestly, I feel like the establishment, especially the Democratic establishment, is so disorganized and incompetent right now that they kind of can't do anything about it.
But once he's in office, that's a real challenge because then he's got to go up against all the entrenched interests of New York City with even his incredibly moderate forms of like, let's have a couple free buses and a couple cities like city funded grocery stores and will freeze the rent is the big one that I suspect there will be some blocking over.
But hopefully he can make some progress.
I don't know.
It'll be a challenge.
Obviously, as he says, Donald is going to be here Wednesday and the Nobel Peace Prize Lady in Argentina's Malay giving speeches in New York.
Yeah, there's also been some troubling developments on the Argentina front.
I guess we could talk about that as well.
Jeff, I got it.
I got it.
All right.
Argentina news.
I'm not just googling Argentina news case.
Wait, I'm thinking of Venezuela.
Sorry, not Venezuela.
Get it straight.
Venezuela news.
Though there's also troubling Argentina news.
So, you know, we really could have gone in either direction.
But fine, let's briefly touch on this troubling Argentina, Venezuela news.
Argentina news trap beat.
That's got to be a thing.
Should I look it up?
No, just read a little of this story.
Okay.
War with Colombia?
That's a different one.
Oh man, there's too many potential wars being perpetrated and encouraged by Marco Rubio right now to keep track of.
Inside the White House, Secretary of State Marco Rubio cycled through a series of arguments aimed at persuading President Donald Trump to get behind regime change in Venezuela.
The one that finally landed was drug trafficking.
Venezuela and President Nicolas Maduro Rubio agreed was killing Americans by trafficking fentanyl and cocaine into the country which resonated with Trump's long established opposition to drug use.
Following that thread, we can, this is drop site news, we can report today that Trump asked his intelligence community to gather a list of drug related targets inside Venezuela.
The problem?
Venezuela isn't really a significant player in drug trafficking, so the list that came back mostly included targets inside Colombia and Mexico.
Well, bad news everyone.
It's time to get behind war in Colombia and we can't do Mexico.
Good, I don't want to, but we should do Colombia either.
Aren't you glad we can't do Mexico?
We just, we buy too much stuff from them.
Yeah, this is Rick's job to do that.
Well, sorry, I'm just letting people know.
I mean, once it's war at least, it's our American duty to say, yeah.
I think that's actually probably less popular than it used to be.
It's just as soon as any politician says war going, yeah.
Yeah, I don't think that's quite as big of a hit as it once was, I hope.
Well, be prepared to be proven wrong at any point in case.
Anyway, the kind of frightening escalation that I'm now discussing where a pretext for US aggression spirals into reckless imperial wars.
Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld, who argued shortly after the 9-11 attacks that the US ought to go after Iraq,
not because it was responsible for taking down the Twin Towers, but because Iraq was quote,
a target rich environment.
What kind of targets are we talking?
Not the brick and mortar store.
Darn.
Because I love a city that's full of targets.
War with Colombia, that sounds like 80s B action movie.
It'll be a little less fun than Arnold Schwarzenegger holding the minigun, unfortunately.
Well, now you're making me think of cool things, case.
Stop doing propaganda.
I should.
Ray Silva, you like Colombia, though?
Yeah.
You could even say that the war on drugs in general is a humongous waste of resources and completely idiotic.
Now you're a pro trying to think of which drug I don't like.
Fentanyl?
You done, Fentanyl? Not yet. Do you have any?
No, I don't.
Indeed, back to the story, Colombia and Mexico have more drug-related targets,
but does that mean the US should bomb them?
And that's an open question. I'm asking.
No.
And for a second opinion,
our intern maybe?
What?
What?
What are you doing on there?
You got any more of it?
Not at all.
That's not illegal, I don't think.
The amount I'm doing was.
Well, tell me about it, then.
How much healing do you have to do for it to be illegal?
The full van?
The full van of what?
I have the full van of party balloons.
Stolen from a kid's birthday.
You're supposed to just be like monitoring the stream and assisting Pappito.
The little dog?
Do you know how crazy what you're saying sounds?
I might be high off healing if that's possible, but you sound insane.
Jeff, what's her name again?
What? You don't know her fucking name?
I can hear you both.
Goddamn girl, off the streets!
Take it easy. She's just some fucking robe!
Off the streets, Casey, think I know!
Have you a little aunt's name? I'm Jeff Ripple!
Jeff, take it easy. I can hear all of that, Jeff.
And that's why I like working for you, because you're honest.
Case, do better.
Alright, well, um...
The point is, we shouldn't just bomb countries
over some fraudulent drug war that we're not actually interested in pursuing.
Would be my take.
Well, I want to do drugs.
I mean, I don't... I...
What?
I think we need to defend the kids is what I was trying to say.
Okay.
Card King, you were...
It says you were just some woman off the streets to Jeff.
And now look at you.
Card King, you got my ass.
You just held my pants up to the fire,
and now my taint feels like a hot s'more.
I don't... This can't be my fault.
If there's an HR toilet call, then it has to be for Jeff.
You know what? You're allowing this to happen, Case.
You're the boss.
This is... Maybe we just don't do this kind of news today.
Maybe we don't talk about major world events, but, you know...
The main thing that I'm saying is it would be bad
if we went to war with Columbia and Mexico and Venezuela.
Well, we'll probably only do Venezuela,
because they're vulnerable.
And you know, we're like a big bully on the schoolyard that has nukes.
But it's sort of fun if you think about it.
We're like the O'Doil family, except we'll never hit a banana, I'm sure.
The O'Doil family?
Don't act like you've never seen it, Adam Sandler, movie Case.
You son of a bitch.
Even I know that one.
And I just did even more helium.
I don't think it makes you high.
And tell it to my throat.
You just sound like Pepito.
I'm just like...
How much are you doing?
Okay.
Well, hey, let's move on for now.
We've got a lot of segments to get to today.
Jeff, focus up, man.
We're trying to talk about huge or globe-shaking events here.
You hear about that robot that can do your dishes?
Oh my God, we talked about that on Thursday.
Okay.
All right, well, that's all the time we have.
And it is indeed.
And we now move on to something else.
You know what will reverberate through something else?
A ripple.
Which is my name.
Wow, surprisingly concise.
Ripple, ripple, ripple, ripple, ripple, ripple, ripple.
You ruined it.
Yes, I did.
Bye-bye, everyone.
Ha-ha.
Oh.
Hi, everybody.
Sorry, I just had to adjust my coat.
Just a second there.
No big deal.
No big deal at all.
What the...
What the hell is happening?
Ah!
What the...
What is going on?
There we go.
Sorry, everybody.
We're misbehaving today.
Jeez.
We're back to normal now.
Everything is totally normal once again.
Good to see you, Daddy.
It's too close on your face, son.
Close the camera back.
Not an option today.
We're busy.
We've got to learn how to do things.
Ah, thank you so much for the...
You know, Casey didn't even think the subs.
Can you think the subs in your...
You're going to spend all your time spectrally whaling, papa?
Can you use some of your spectral wails to think the subs?
I don't have any fish in here.
But I can think the people that support whatever this thing is...
That you are doing for whatever reason.
True Blue Ninety-One-Hers, thank you so much for the 36 months!
Rocka Roscoe Davey, thank you for the follow!
Thank you for the 100 bits big J-Dub!
Love the hate, thank you so much for the 32 months!
Also Bundle Sprout, 39 months.
Uncle Phil 2K, 31 months.
And of course, Apple DApple, 41 months!
Are you okay?
You said the whale.
Oh no!
That's the hype-drange I've all died today.
Again.
So it didn't quite make it.
But hey, deaths never stop us before, right, Daddy?
What are you talking about?
Right, son of a bitch!
I'm dead and I'm in the wood, aren't I?
You sure are.
He sure is.
Totally dead.
Okay, let's see what we've got in the how-tos today.
Ooh, we got some juicy ones.
How to pitch a news story.
This could be useful.
There's a lot of general time wasting in the news section.
I don't really watch the stream, but whenever I do it, it annoys me.
So this could really help out Case, or maybe I just start doing news over here,
or store a little sanity to the world.
We just do some gentle news.
Anyway, let's find out how to pitch a news story.
Give me two sentences, maybe, but after that, I'm going to throw a lot of questions your way.
I'm going to want to know about the people in the story, the background of the story.
You need to have all that information in your hands and know it like clockwork.
Essentially, you've got to do a lot of the legwork on the story before you ever call me up.
I joke about 25 words or less, but it really helps if you can explain what is the meaning of your story.
When we need to tell a story, you need to have characters.
You need to have people that take unusual concepts or difficult concepts.
Who pitched these zooms?
To understand.
Think of movies.
Stories that have conflict or contrast.
That have characters.
Details.
Always endeavor to tell a truthful story.
Don't go out working a story with a preconceived notion of how that tale is going to turn out.
I agree, Royal Rainbow.
Come to you.
You do need more zooms.
Let the characters tell their own story.
Their story provides insights into what you're trying to tell in the story that you've written.
You want to make sure that when you put that story together, when you edit that story together,
that you do so many truthful, honest manner that you're representing the different interests of those people you've spoken with,
events that you've seen honestly.
Contrast in a story is Republicans versus Democrats, government versus special interests, Yankees versus Red Sox.
What?
It runs the gamut.
You always want to try to think visually.
Those are the news stories?
We all know terrific video is fire, floods, tornadoes.
But beyond that, think of what your first shot is going to be when you're telling a story.
Very often your first shot should be your best shot.
So when you pitch me that story, you tell me the shot I'm thinking about is this guy doing this.
If it really works, we'll know right away.
Yeah, Zit versus Face is what they went with.
And then they really highlighted it.
You don't have to color Zit out so hard, son. That's cruel.
I mean, I just was told to go with the most conflict I could.
And the thing I was most conflicted about in that story was all the zooms on that poor lady's Zit.
Lead with our best shot.
How about a shot of the white postule growing out of her cheek?
Well, it was more red.
It hadn't really come to a head yet.
I guess I could do a story about my dad being dead and trapped in the wood.
Oh, God, you could.
I could be on the news.
Mm-hmm.
What are the facts of my story, Jeb?
Your dad in here in the wood?
Yeah, but like how?
And who and what and where and when?
What's up with your eyes?
What do you mean?
Well, what are you talking about?
Don't worry about it.
Let's keep going.
Who better with your zooms, AP News?
And of course, that was from this year.
That's how the that newsroom still looks.
Highly modern.
Okay.
How to drink and not get drunk.
I wish I could do this because if I even have a chocolate liqueur, I get irascible and mean.
Just of one like liqueur candy?
Yeah, I get messed up.
Y'all at my fri- I mean, I'm a different person when I eat liqueur candies.
What about when you drink?
I can't or I'll become a total beast.
Well, let's find out how I could cure that problem.
The goal is just not allowed on Twitch.
So we'll just have to-
My tip would be just because you're in a duty-free zone,
doesn't mean that it's a duty-free tax on your body.
Why are you looking at me when you say that I can't drink at all?
Everything just tastes like-
Pine- see, what am I in?
The cheapest wood possible.
Like balsa wood?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Jesus.
Can I get a wood upgrade?
It's a lot of work to do the soul trench.
You can do that?
You could put me in nicer wood?
I don't know.
Theoretically, I can't-
Theoretically, what were you talking about?
I don't know what were you talking about?
You can't remember actually.
I mean, you are dead in the wood though.
Oh, gosh, I-
Are you sure?
Yes.
Oh man.
Does Crumb know his wife left him and married Gizbo after he died and went to hell?
I didn't even know that.
Wasn't aware that that happened.
So probably he doesn't.
That's gonna sting.
How to make a fart noise is what we're gonna end on?
Because we've learned a lot of serious stuff today like news and drunk.
So the two categories so far.
But also what about fart?
A lot of people think it's silly, but what if you have to make a fart noise to escape?
Because you're trapped in a room with a killer whose only weakness is gas?
When would that ever happen?
You'd be surprised.
I mean I'm pretty sensitive to gas.
Yeah, but you're not a killer.
Let's see how to get away with how to do this.
Okay, so this is what I call the fart noise.
And the reason why I like the fart noise is because sometimes when you beat box,
you gotta realize that you can't take life too serious.
Exactly.
So if you put a fart noise in between your beats, it would definitely make it funny.
Or you could just make a joke and sit next to somebody and make the fart noise.
Now the way I do the fart noise is you take your top teeth
and you put them in your bottom lip and sort of like the siren
except you just sort of like blow the air out and stop.
It sounds like this.
Fuck, so hard.
It sounds almost like a duck, but I call it a fart noise because it sort of sounds like a fart.
You know?
What?
Or yeah, that is the fart noise.
Or you could do a fart step.
Shit, I can't do it.
Fuck.
You can't take life too serious.
Yeah, I got it, but how do you do it?
Because you didn't explain it well enough.
I can't do it, daddy.
Tweet.
That's not it.
You don't just say tweet.
Well, I have little Tweety Farts, or I did.
Why haven't I farted in so long?
Because you're dead and you're in the wood.
Shit.
Oh man.
You do it by doing it.
That's not it.
That's just a noise.
You had a real specific way of doing it.
It sounded like a fool, daddy.
It's not that big of a deal.
Yeah, use your armpit.
To what?
I'm going to bite my armpit and blow on it?
No, it's, you know what I mean?
I don't know what no one's explaining themselves.
I'm going to bite your lip and blow?
What am I doing?
A coquettish flirt?
Father?
Why are you getting so upset of this?
Because I need to win.
Those other ones were impossible.
I can't do news or I can't not drink.
The end of my rope.
You just need something I can do.
You can shut up.
You're never going to get a different wood.
What?
Wait, what?
Nothing.
I can go back down a well.
I want to rearrange my face, maybe.
The spirits down there do nothing for me.
Okay, look, somebody's just loose, I guess.
Somebody's your big time loser and you can't fart.
Oh well, we did our best.
I'll keep working on it.
I'll keep biting my lip and just blowing gas out of my fucking teeth.
That's not it.
It's this air, son.
I have a gas problem though where my esophagus gets filled up with like the output of my stomach
and then it bleeds into my lungs.
What?
Yeah, they call it gastro-alunganitis.
I get gastric gasses in my lungs.
So sometimes when I talk it smells like a fart.
There's no family history of that.
I think maybe it is not brushing your teeth.
What would you know?
You smell like bolsa wood.
It's because that's what I am.
Oh man, that is what I am.
Jack could do it.
He farts like an angel.
He farts, sorry.
Either smell-less or the smelliest of course as he brags about all the time.
No, he did have a condition for the second one at least.
He did.
The condition was having the world's greatest farts in either direction.
It's perfect.
Okay, you know what?
That's all the time we have for a day.
That's all I got.
You know, I tried.
We came, we saw, we...
It sucks.
Pigs were so good.
And mine sucks ass.
Okay, whatever.
That's it.
I'm done.
What else do we have today?
Rehuffing healing with the intern?
No.
Intern, were you huffing healing with Pepito?
You think I'm gonna tell?
You think I'm some kind of narc?
Okay, because he's a dog.
He can't be...
Can't be doing that kind of stuff.
It's a little...
It's a little...
He's fine.
He's fine.
He's fine, dad.
I'm not.
I'm not your dad.
What the hell was that?
Nothing.
Shit.
Fucking hypocrite.
Well, they're all over the place.
I wanted to see what it's like.
It didn't make me high at all.
Disappointed.
Well, then get ready to be more disappointed,
because it's time for Munch & Crumb.
Whatever.
This is never a disappointment.
But always excellent.
That's right.
Ring the bell and bring it in.
You know what time it is?
It should be Beyblade time, actually,
but I've been told Case needs Kendall around
in order for that segment to happen.
So it's gonna have to wait
until question marks.
Someday.
Someday we will get there.
And unfortunately, today we are here
with whatever this fucking guy is.
My name's actually Leonard Cromfuchus Crumb,
and what I am is the executioner
of fucking fraud.
You.
You're good, right?
No.
No, definitely not.
Okay, well anyway, Leonard Cromfuchus, good to be here.
Yeah, Crumb is still in this.
You're the one who claims to have brought me back
from the dead, couldn't even handle a couple months
without me being alive.
Like a little baby.
You don't even have eyebrows today.
You're talking to me, you don't even have eyebrows.
You don't even have eyebrows.
Except she, I shall get eyebrows.
Now you do.
Because I called you out.
What are we even debating today?
Does Crumb know his wife left him and married Gizbo
after he died and went to hell?
Well, neither of those happened.
Which one?
Your wife leaving you marrying Gizbo
or going to hell? Because you said neither.
So that means one of those did happen.
Neither.
Neither.
No of neither.
None of what happened.
It's a fantasy.
So the answer you're looking for is no.
Meaning I do know.
Well, no, the debate would be if I know or not.
Yeah, and you do.
Because we just told you.
I don't know that because it didn't happen.
Crumb knows.
Look, this is a simple one.
Crumb knows 100%.
And he's in total denial about everything in his life.
You're so
succinctly describing your outlook on
literally everything, Munch.
You realize that he who is with
an actual brain
should throw
should be the one to not throw a stone.
That's not the saying,
yeah, I was doing a spin on it because you're a fucking idiot.
Okay.
My wife is still with me.
We're just in a different
configuration of the house currently.
The house is just in a slightly different
configuration than it is sometimes.
It is sometimes.
You mean your wife is sleeping with another man?
If in the classic sense
of of to rest
then not even
always
we're happily married
and loyal as ever.
So she's always cheated on you then.
Oh my god.
You are not allowed to keep my wife's
mother fucking name out your mouth.
I didn't say your wife's name even once
actually.
Well just keep the concept out of the stream.
It's in the debate.
Title.
Are you?
Serious? You still did not get the music.
Dang it.
Are you please do not pull up another
fucking 80s theme?
It's background music.
Is this the Baywatch theme song?
You gotta go to your for theme songs.
Son of a bitch.
Look, it's very clear that
that Crumb's wife is cheating on him.
There's no way he doesn't know she's doing it right in front of him.
He's literally sleeping on the couch.
He said so himself. I never said
which couch I'm sleeping on.
It could be in the same room as my wife
and Frederick.
His name is Frederick.
Well it's not Jizbo that's for sure.
Unless it's his last name.
I think Jizbo is actually his middleman.
And I've heard him called Freddie Jiz before.
Could you turn this down? It's really loud.
It's not like you're saying anything useful.
God this is such a show.
Look at this. Billy Warlock.
I don't remember there being a Billy Warlock in Baywatch.
Anyway, it's not happening.
So let's just watch Baywatch.
Let's watch some clips from Baywatch.
See? Everything's fine.
Run it back.
Because my wife is...
My marriage is... This is so inappropriate to talk about.
God I love Monte Markham.
I think it's Monte.
You don't even know.
Run it back.
Run it back.
You are avoiding this debate.
No, I just look. There's David. There's the man himself.
God, this is one of the greatest theme songs.
Who even remembers the Baywatch theme song?
I thought I had like a more of a drum rock vibe.
No, you're thinking of Thunder and Paradise.
You want to hear the Thunder and Paradise?
Wait, what was the...
What were the options?
Does Crumb No Balloolya is with Jizbo now?
The options were Crumb and Munch.
What does that mean?
It literally doesn't make sense.
I mean, I think it means that they were voting to be on my side.
But Crumb in this sense could mean...
You...
No.
No.
No, there's...
This is weird enough that we can't decisively say who won.
So, what do you think?
You can't decisively say who won.
So, you don't get a point.
What? No, that's not how this works.
Someone must receive a point.
I have all the points.
So, what does it even matter?
Jizbo wins?
But the thing was about Crumb.
So, it could have been...
Card King gets the point.
I'm fine with giving Card King a point.
No, they're not on the... It's not an option.
The options are me and you.
Okay, well, there's only one way to solve this.
I'll inspect...
In one moment...
I'll fix it.
It's so hard to fix, though.
So hard to fix, because all of my little...
All of my little widgets got too small.
Okay, okay, okay.
One second, one second.
Oh, God. Okay, okay, okay.
Okay, okay, okay.
Okay, okay.
Who won?
Crumb...
Munch.
Look, we'll just ask them.
We will just ask them.
Go!
And while we're at it, because you brought it up...
We'll play...
A certain classic theme song.
Check this out.
You remember this?
Huh?
This is her French tutor upstairs, and you're just watching a bunch of 80s sitcoms
to try to have any sense of normalcy in your life.
You know, show us just like music, okay?
Not everything used to be some kind of twisted scenario.
This is not a rock song for the record.
This is like friendly tropical music.
Yeah, but it's more drum driven than the Baywatch theme.
And it's got an action packed montage associated with it.
Well, I'm glad that you're such a fan of Hulk Hogan.
I'm glad you're on the side of the Angels.
No, I don't have to agree with every 80s star that shows up in my DVD collection.
All of the seasons of it.
You own all of Thunder and Paradise on DVD.
We're gonna... This is a distraction.
Look, Chad, I won, okay?
He knows. He knows that he's being cheated on.
Probably could buy a guy named Frederick Gizbo.
Oh, what?
There's a guy named Freddie Gizbo who's an extremely thick armed French construction worker.
Yeah, that's Gizbo.
His last name is Gizbo.
I didn't know he was French though.
I mean, I think that's a total lie.
I don't think he's a French tutor.
You know, you're not gonna bring me down because this song...
Say what you want about Hogan's legacy, but this song does slap.
And you know what also slaps?
May slap in your ass.
I fucking...
Get this bullshit out of here.
Why don't you go ahead and get this bullshit out of here?
Get it out!
I just tisked.
Why do you keep encouraging this chat?
This man has 300 points behind.
Actually, um, actually, I'm 297 points behind.
293, sorry.
I'm 293 points behind.
That's not better.
It's better than 300.
Why don't you go ahead and get this trash out of here?
Get it out of here!
What was that?
What was that move?
That's me tickling the keys with my tongue.
You might hear my hands are piano.
And I'm playing...
I'm playing a tragic song about your loss with my tongue.
No, no, that doesn't make any fucking sense, Grum.
A piano doesn't go like this.
I'm tickling the keys.
You know?
No, no, this doesn't...
No one thinks of this as piano, Grum.
Oh, I explained it so, what's the big deal?
The big deal is you just don't make any movements like that.
Oh, what is this? Footloose and you're not allowed to fuck your fingers?
That's not what Footloose is about!
I don't care! I haven't been watching Footloose!
I haven't been watching Thunder and Paradise in Baywatch!
End your song early and hang your head in shame.
I'm pretty proud of myself.
I had a big win today.
And my therapist said to count your wins.
Who are you seeing? That's terrible advice from a therapist.
Well, it's not my therapist. It's more so my wife's French tutor.
You the guy who's fucking your wife said to count your wins?
Well, we've been doing therapeutic sessions.
He's actually a very enlightened man.
You're in therapy with the man your wife is cheating on you with?
No, they're more like therapeutic sessions.
You know what I mean?
No!
Well, how would I know what you mean by doing this?
About what you're saying that?
You're crumb believable.
Oh, looks like I got your ass again.
How? Your life is falling apart, crumb.
Get it fucking together. I feel pretty together.
I'm feeling about as good together as an erector set.
It's a connector set. No, it's a rector set.
Off brand Legos. It's an erector set.
I'm literally right.
Read it in fucking Weep.
You son of a bitch.
And then I guess I'm counting up another wind.
Wind. You said wind.
Well, let me spoke.
Loser, admitting you misspeak.
You said it's connector set.
It should be connector set.
Erector set's ridiculous.
It sounds like erection set.
Well, we're not debating that.
How about this? We're done.
We're done here.
I will be the judge of who's done here and we are.
We're done. Jesus.
Just send the camera away from me and then send crumb back to hell.
It shouldn't be like this.
None of this should be like this.
Like what? A big fat, fresh wind?
What's with all these fades?
It's a dramatic outro effect you son of a bitch.
I wish the gorilla was back.
Come back and finish the job.
I'm sorry for anything but you know.
You're just using all the best people today, Kase.
And by that I do just mean me.
Every day you use me, you use the best people.
Because I am the best people.
This big chatter.
Yeah, I kind of have sex here today.
But I'll never tell why.
Kase doesn't. Kase has bedhead.
Mine is sex hair though.
Fix your hair, Chet.
We're trying to look professional around here.
I don't think I helped.
I refuse to fix my sex hair.
It's getting worse. Can we wear a hat?
What do we wear a hat?
We should just wear a hat.
I made my hair huge.
This is the best we can do.
Did you have sex with me? No!
Although if I did,
that would change your fucking life, Kase.
Yeah, that would be a hard one for me to get over.
No, in a deposit it would be good.
I would never would.
Are you s-
Edgewax, thank you so much for the follow.
Edgewax agrees.
With what? That I would change your life.
Chet, I don't want to.
I really don't.
More than you I don't want to.
And not because of homophobia. Because of you.
Because of specifically you, Kase.
I would do it for the right guy,
but not you are not him.
You are not that guy.
Which guy would you do it for?
Mmmmmm.
45 year old Joe Biden.
What? Look, he was a hot guy.
Or current day Hunter Biden.
Why would you fuck Hunter Biden?
I don't know, you seen his laptop stuff?
He knows how to party.
You go gay for Hunter Biden? Yes.
Why him?
He's got a good vibe.
Look, I would vote for him for, um,
not president of America,
but I might vote for him for president of, um,
kind of like
France?
You're not a French citizen.
Yeah, but I'm just saying I would.
I think we should give him president of France.
They can have like, then they'd have the son
of American president as president.
That's a huge upgrade for France.
You know, I'm not the biggest fan of all French politicians,
but I think they can do better than Hunter Biden.
And that's where you're wrong, dude.
He's a fucking maniac.
That dude knows how to party.
You wouldn't?
Yeah, I don't think I'd have sex with Hunter Biden.
He's also kind of a poet, so.
It would be easy for it to become more than sex.
But that's how it always goes, isn't it?
You know?
What are you talking about right now?
I'm trying to talk about the news, actually.
All the chat news.
Boom.
Pito fucking gets it.
What's up, Jack?
Yeah, what's up?
I'm just gonna adjust my pajama to 300 shiny tasty coins
and I've been dying to say this.
Hell, you dog, big fan.
I know where to be flea. Let's make this happen.
I mean, now I'm worried I'd kill him.
I'd technically want to do it for the story.
You wouldn't fuck Joe Biden.
Current Joe Biden?
Come on.
He's one of the presidents. Would you fuck Trump?
No.
No, because I feel like his butt would tighten up
and squeeze your penis off.
What?
I just feel like that would happen.
I kind of imagine when he opens up his genitals
he kind of has like one of the flowers
from Little Shop of Horrors.
Have you ever seen that?
It's a movie about Steve Martin being a dentist.
I think he's got one of those little flowers
and it sings, but it bites.
Anyway, I think it would sink back
through his pelvis into his butt hole
and it'd bite your penis off.
Why have you thought about this so much?
I'm looking every president.
That's just an American thing to do.
Kirkings says you're guessing your dick would be long enough
to get past those Mickey D buns.
Mine would. Cases wouldn't even make it
past the breakfast tater tot.
It's a hash brown.
No, it's a big tater tot.
Okay.
Let's just... Chets probably shared some news
and it's gotta be better than us talking
about this, Chet.
I'm just shooting the shit like boys do.
Add options now.
Sorry that you don't want to be one of the boys
today, Case.
Which president would you fuck?
Van Buren.
Ooh, I've thought about that one.
What do you know about Van Buren?
He's got crazy hair and it's always the guys
that are the baldest
that are like the...
that are just fucking animals in the sack.
I spent like, if you've got really strong sides,
like, look at my boy...
not him, look at my boy VB here.
MVP.
Most valuable bottom dude.
He would fucking Bronto probably.
He'd probably put a crater in your penis.
Like in your penis shelf?
What? He'd probably crater out your penis shelf.
You know?
It would look like a fucking surface of the moon
after he's done fucking Braco in with his...
with his MVP.
I'm just saying, cause he's got massive sides, you know?
Looking like fucking Einstein went super saiyan
or some shit.
The winner was Camacho.
That adds up. I mean, that's basically
voting for Terry Crews.
Dolly Madison?
That's more of a should-be president.
You grew up two miles from Van Buren's hometown,
Kinder Hook, New York, and that's a sexy town name.
It's got Kinder in the title.
Get your mind out of the gutters, cause it's got
Hook in the title. That's why I think it's sexy.
Why? Cause the movie Hook is also very sexual.
Okay, you know what, Chet?
Enough. Enough of all this.
Let's talk about whatever news Chet shared.
Please.
I was trying to, man. You're fucking taking your time.
Being all contentious with my
extremely normal takes.
Alright. What's up?
What's up with the goddamn news?
Ahem.
Ah, sorry. My sex hair was just going
nuts today. It was bringing out all my
libidinal instincts.
Is that your word of the day?
Yes.
Lauren Brogurt's racially charged
Halloween costume.
Yeah, is blackface back?
Cause I was seeing a lot of it.
Oh, on Twitter? No, just like around the neighborhood.
Probably even Texas.
Well, my family does.
I don't think it is.
But I do think some conservatives
are like, see, I can do it.
And you could always do it.
You can do it.
But you should not do it.
So says Mr. Greyface.
It was Green Face.
Representative Lauren Brogurt and her boyfriend,
Kyle Percy, a real estate broker
from Windsor, Colorado, attended
a Halloween party in
Love Land, Colorado on Friday,
night in costumes portraying
a Mexican woman and an immigration
and customs enforcement agent.
Well, there's a video apparently.
This morning, the White House faces a
deadline to pay out SNAP benefits
despite the government shutdown.
A federal judge ordered the Trump
administration to start making food
stamp payments today or partial
payments by Wednesday, but it's
unclear if the White House will comply.
The Trump administration argued it
can't legally use emergency funds.
Over the weekend, President
Trump grew criticism after throwing
a great Gatsby themed Halloween party
at Mar-a-Lago, some calling it
Tone Deaf with 42 million Americans
now going without food assistance.
A White House spokesperson dismissed
the critics, arguing
quote, these Democrats are full of it.
Now with just days to go until the government
shutdown becomes the longest in history,
President Trump pointing the finger
at Democrats.
We voted 14 times to open the country.
We have voted 14 times
to open the country and
they vote to keep it close. All they have to do
is vote to open the country
and we only need five Democrats.
Are they allowed
to denoise
a thing so much that it just makes
them sound like AI Trump?
Well that is AI Trump I think.
Sometimes you ask him a question,
he doesn't generate a SOAR video for you.
Trump has encouraged Republicans to change Senate rules,
allowing Republicans to reopen
the government without needing any votes
from Democrats. But Senate Majority
Leader John Thune has pushed back,
saying giving the minority party a voice
is important. Democrats are refusing
to budge on demands to pass a spending bill
without extending the Affordable Care Act
tax credit. Trump saying he will only
address healthcare once the government
reopens. We should fix that.
We should fix it. Oh sick. And we can fix
it with the Democrats. All
they have to do is let the country open
and we'll fix it. But ending the
government shutdown. They have to let the country open and I'll sit down
with the Democrats and we'll fix it.
Beth Dreyer is one of roughly
20 million Americans on Obamacare
who's facing skyrocketing premiums.
Her bill jumping from $80
a month to $425.
This is more than quadrupled
in cost for me. She says
she has no choice but to cancel her plan.
I feel pretty helpless at this moment.
Meanwhile, major delays at
airports in Newark, San Francisco,
Austin and Houston over the weekend.
As TSA agents and air traffic
controllers call out sick among the
roughly 1.4 million federal
workers forced to go without pay.
Transportation Secretary Sean Duffy warns
the delays will only get worse.
There is a level of risk that gets
injected into the system when we have a
controller that's doing two jobs instead of
one. And a new poll finds
nearly 60% of Americans
disapprove of Trump's handling of the
government including the economy.
We're disapproving of his handling of the
government. There isn't a government right now.
Cookies and shit, thank you so much for the follow.
Well, I mean it's
shut down. Which they're
trying to blame the Democrats for.
But, you know,
he is currently president.
Well, he can't control
that. Oh, just that?
That specifically he can't.
Well, he has any control over that.
I thought we were trying to talk about a racist
lady's Halloween costume.
Now I feel like there's other problems
in the country. You thought the only problem
was all the racist Halloween costumes? I mean,
they were really racist this year, though.
I thought it was the biggest
problem, but now I'm like, uh oh, is that just
distraction from...
Nah, I think probably all the racist
Halloween costumes are a big problem. I mean, they're
problem too, but...
I do think they're...
I think they're kind of related, actually.
What do you mean racist Halloween costumes
are related to like, uh,
F. No State Government
trying to strip away the rights of all Americans
and impoverish the entire nation?
Surprisingly
well said. I was reading that off a fortune cookie.
What?
Papito was holding up a fortune cookie over there.
It's a very strange fortune cookie.
You're telling me, man, they're getting crazy.
Ever since this country's doing
going nuts, the fortune cookies are nuts.
Okay. What?
Sorry, here's another story. Stop
talking about all this. Done.
Dogs in Chernobyl Exclusion Zone
mysteriously turned blue.
Forget about your worries for a day
and worry about this shit. Blue dogs?
Blue dog Democrat
more like blue dog Russian actual
dog. What the
fuck? Look how goddamn blue this dog is.
It's not as blue as I was hoping.
That seems maybe worrisome.
Bluey in real life? Dude.
Bluey.
They blew up. They blew up the
the reactor and it poisoned all the
wildlife.
So it's like it's a play on words.
Maybe that's what bluey's about. Maybe bluey lives in
Chernobyl.
I feel like they've probably named bluey's time.
Yeah, but maybe they changed it in the
universe. After
the explosion.
You think the bluey show
takes place in a post-nuclear
mount down in Chernobyl? Yeah, but who knows
like thousands of years in the future.
And the mutations worked.
And honestly, they fucking rock.
What? The mutations worked,
case. And bluey and his friends are doing
better than ever. And I'm one of the
few people bold enough to say we need to
set off more nuclear reactors
and then wait and then see if it makes
the world more kick-ass and magical.
Like in all of your favorite superhero movies
and also I'm assuming the show
Adventure Time. Anyway,
that's probably bad that the dogs are blue. Well,
I think it's good. You got some pants
on, officer? Detroit police officer
caught without pants.
During video court hearing.
Well, there's a video. You don't have that nightmare, right?
You're in your underwear and you're at work
or maybe you're on stage. Well, for one
Detroit police officer, it was very
much real as he showed up
to an official court proceeding over zoom
without any pants on.
Can you put your appearance on the record, please?
Yes, officer Jackson. Oh.
Bastard number 3919.
Out of 12 precinct.
Officer Matthew Jackson.
He is just a little short.
At a virtual court proceeding at 36
District Court addressing judge
Sean Perkins and the entire court this
week with a critical piece
of his uniform missing.
You got some pants on, officer?
No, sir.
No, sir.
Attorney Tatanisha Reed was in the proceedings
on behalf of the defendant and couldn't
quite believe what she was seeing or for
that matter, not seeing.
I was trying to figure it out, like, am
I seeing what I think I'm seeing?
Especially with a police officer.
Judge Perkins while asking if the officer
I love when something just
has objectively happened
and they cut to someone for commentary.
Like, what were you thinking? And they're like,
I thought he wasn't wearing pants.
Dude, come on.
Are we really going to call him out for this?
Uh...
Boom, baby.
Those could be chaps, case.
I'll never tell.
We could be wearing chaps right now,
which don't count as pants. I can see you're
wearing pants.
Look again. I'm not, we're not having sex.
I know, dude.
Could be in weird.
Well, my thoughts and prayers, dude,
because I mean, you shouldn't have to wear pants
when you're not in court. But he was in court.
Yeah, remotely.
As long as...
It's on them for looking. Well, he could have just
panned his camera up. He's a cop.
We're... It's amazing
that he even knew how to turn on a camera.
They usually don't.
Well, you know, that's a good point, actually.
Okay.
A couple more here.
Uh...
A generous gift by suborbital
in honor of his nuptials.
Suborbital, congratulations.
I haven't been keeping up with the discord,
so I wasn't aware, but, uh...
Assuming Ivan Sleazy isn't...
just doing a bit here.
I also don't know if suborbital's
in the chat, but congrats.
Suborbital?
Hell yeah.
We had sex here? Yeah, we did.
I did. Oh.
Okay.
You want to be all territorial about it?
I am. It's my sex here.
Japanese butt breathing technique
could help people with lung conditions.
Go on.
Actually, you go on.
Don't mind if I do.
Yet a breath of this not so fresh air,
Japanese and US researchers have developed
a groundbreaking treatment for people
who can't breathe through their lungs
by the living oxygen where they send ocean.
Results from the first human clinical trial
testing these so-called butt breathing techniques
suggest that it's safe and well-tolerated,
pushing the cheeky alternative one step closer
to a real life saver.
What the fuck?
Are they even talking about?
What is it?
Hmm. See, this one we could use a video.
Let there be a video on how to do it.
Yeah, exactly. Why is there not?
You know, we do have some comments actually real quick.
Trump also said he would release the Epsin files,
and those are totally out now.
Oh, those came out. That's really good news.
So, is JD and Erica having a affair?
That might be in here.
Oh, that one where the two are fucking on stage.
Yeah, I don't think they went that far,
but it was surprisingly close.
So, is JD...
And that was a double up. That one was a double up, yes.
What's going on here?
Okay, maybe there's a video.
Oh, there's a picture of an ass.
It might sound like a sketch from Saturday.
You know, enough with your fricking editorializing.
How do I breathe out of my ass?
It works like an enema with researchers
slipping oxygen-rich liquid straight into the rectum
using a lubricated tube.
This is just kinky stuff.
Oh, this is a medical treatment.
What? To make me come good?
Shut. Come on.
Come on, man. You can do better than that.
No, I can't.
After early animal tests showed up,
showed the treatment could stave off respiratory failure.
Oh.
We did it to the animals.
We made animals butt-chug air.
For their own good, apparently.
Anyway, it worked for them,
and then scientists took the plunge and moved on to human trials
and recruited 27 healthy...
They recruited 27 healthy and brave.
It's not that brave, dude.
Your butt is just another erogenous organ, if you let it be.
Man who agreed to have varying amounts of
perflorydic...
luffordicillin liquid
inserted into their rectums to hold for 60 minutes.
Actually, okay, I'll give it back.
That is once again brave.
Is getting air blown up your ass for 60 minutes?
What am I?
In a meeting with a marketing double up,
in a meeting with the marketing department?
Already?
You gotta hit it when you tell a good one,
Chet.
Dang it.
Huh?
Oh.
Now they're just totally silent, Chet.
It's not good either. It's better.
It's just this one guy.
I don't come to your job
and...
suck the penis out of your
lufford.
Beer.
Okay?
Well, they can't all be good.
Sir, can you calm down? You had your time to boo.
Okay?
Thank you for standing up for me.
No, he's just... that guy is too drunk to be here.
Yeah, why is that guy here?
He's actually just starting to turn.
Well, it wasn't very good.
So...
boo.
Cart King, it was you? Cart King was booing my ass?
Cart King, heal.
Technical term.
Okay, what were we talking about?
Blowing ass air up and it make you healthy.
Look, okay, we got it then. Yeah, let's move on.
We understand it fully. We covered it.
Oh, this is the pants story again.
Okay, what else we got?
Oh my god, ad blockers are so annoying.
Uh, Diane Lane.
Wait, this already... isn't this from...
It's from a minute ago.
No, that was from a minute ago, right?
Yes, although RIP.
Uh, okay, here's one.
Billboard says at least one AI-generated artist
is charting every week now.
Okay.
We'll need a... need... need pics or it didn't happen.
They're the ones who make the artists?
I'm not sure if the Billboard charts are calculated anymore.
Um, the AI artists included Zanya Monet,
an AI avatar created by Mississippi-based songwriter T'lishi Niki Jones,
who used the AI music generator app, Suno,
and Juno Sky, an AI-powered artist that was produced by
uh, Nyuun Duck Nam.
Okay.
They've charted.
What does that mean?
Yeah, maybe our songs can get on the charts of these AI songs.
You know, let's look up whatever Zanya Monet's song is.
And you know, there are certain people that are really claiming to be fans of AI.
Someone said bring back Joe Rogan earlier.
Well, we might not do that segment anymore.
Although we could.
I'm good actually.
Oh, okay.
Um, but we can show this AI clip as well of Joe Rogan
espousing the quality of these chart-topping hits.
Who the fuck is Zanya Monet?
Here we go.
Let's spread awareness.
I can already tell why this is number one, baby.
Why does it sound so lo-fi?
Love ain't life-streamed, it was felt inside.
No posts, no tags, no midnight tests.
Just loyalty.
Oh, come on. At least let it hit the fucking chorus.
I mean, it's, I do think it sounds very clearly like AI.
I don't think that would stop most people from liking a song,
but the song is also just so fucking corny.
You know?
We didn't even let it finish.
A little bit of respect before everybody knew your business.
Before who you with turns suspicious.
Before the GPS and the passwords to love was simple.
Just me and you take me back when love.
When I'm on the stood firm on how she feels.
That is incredibly generic and bad.
Look up Danisha Carter.
I just don't know why something well, I guess I shouldn't say that
when a lot of pop music is fairly generic,
but there's also some good pop music.
I mean, we have all of music as an option.
Are people really listening to that?
I'm always a little maybe more suspicious of these AI milestones
than I should be, but part of me feels like Billboard is saying
an AI artist is topping the charts just to keep say,
the Billboard charts relevant.
What do you mean they're not relevant?
You're not aware of who's at the top of the Billboard charts?
Billboard number one.
I at this point wouldn't like I feel like a Spotify playlist
of like the week's top hits has more relevance than the Billboard charts.
Allow ads are refused.
Can I just, oh man, we can't even see it because they put ads on it.
Anyway, Frick and Taylor Swift is all over it basically.
Bill himself runs the shop, Cycord.
Yeah, Bill's one of the best taste makers out there.
He's got an offer talent.
That's why he's got stuff like whatever Danisha Carter is.
Shit talking is good for the soul.
And snitching on somebody.
I don't know why we're looking at it.
This doesn't seem to be an AI artist.
So, but I thought it was, but it seems to be a podcaster.
So I think I'll pass on that.
Here's another big fan of AI music though, Chet.
This is one of your, this is someone in your camp.
I just like good music, okay?
So wherever it's from.
No, it looks amazing.
The music's disturbing because it's my favorite music now.
Like AI music is your favorite.
Oh, there's AI covers.
You know, I think the AI covers are 50 cent songs in soul?
No.
I'm going to blow your mind.
Okay.
This is my favorite thing to do to people.
Play what up gang favorite thing.
Now this guy, if this was a real person,
would be the number one music artist in the world.
Everybody would be like, holy shit, have you heard of this guy?
It's like they took all of the sounds that all the artists have generated
and created the most soulful, potent voice.
And it's sung in a way that I don't even know if you could do
any of these in and out of reps here.
Put the headphones on real quick.
You gotta listen to this.
Get ready, have your fucking mind blown.
Is music so good and normal a human couldn't even do it due to breath?
Well, a produced song can have impossible singing in it too.
An AI produced song.
No, any song that just, you can just move audio files around.
So that's just such a bafflingly stupid thing to say.
Oh, well, the numbers don't lie.
And I think his podcast is, well, let's just keep listening.
I'm going to blow your mind.
We've got to cut it out.
Yeah, we'll cut it out for the listeners.
Amazing, right?
Amazing.
Shifty Brent.
That's a sick name for one, for an AI artist.
Shifty Brent.
Wait a minute.
They weren't done talking.
We need to hear the clip out.
Went to Titans of mental acuity meet like this.
We got Muskin Rogan.
What are they going to say?
Amazing.
And they do like every one of his hits all through this AI generated soulful artist.
Yeah, fucking incredible.
I played in the green room since people that are like, I don't want to hear AI music.
I'm like, just listen to this.
And they're like, God damn it.
Yeah, fucking incredible.
I mean, I'm going to get better from here.
Yeah, only going to get better.
You stop me from shitting my pants when I stop telling lies.
Or however that saying goes, my point is, we got to listen to Shifty Brent.
What was it?
It's called, is literally Shifty Brent.
I thought I had to be remembering that wrong, but no.
No, you're right.
It's Shifty Brent.
Unlike Joe Rogan, I'm not afraid to get the copyright strike on my YouTube video.
I don't think you monetize your YouTube videos.
Maybe, maybe I really aggressively monetize it to like 10 people.
Okay, this is Shifty Brent, get wealthy or perish trying.
You know, I feel bad even playing these at all, but well, supposedly the man of the popular podcast on the planet is
espousing the incredible soulful vocals of Shifty Brent.
So let's find out.
You know, that's okay.
I won't, I won't, I won't say it's trash.
I just think that there's better AI songs personally.
Because why do that when you can have stuff like...
This sucks.
I couldn't find the right one.
Here we go.
Nope, that sucks too.
YouTube, you can't even pull up the right Hank Hill AI covers for me to make my point.
Oh well.
I was gonna play a Hank Hill AI cover, which is roughly how that still sounds to me.
Oh, here's the real Hank Slim Shady parody.
Uh, may I have your attention please?
Excuse me, may I have your attention please?
Uh, will a rusty Shackleford please stand up?
I reped, it's a clean burning fuel, giblet head.
That's actually more of a fan edit.
Hey, so you can't even find an AI cover from Hank Hill.
Look, they're out there, okay?
I'm sorry that YouTube failed me in this one situation.
What point are you even trying to make?
That, that, that, I like my feeling with all this AI stuff.
If it wasn't being jammed on our throats as like the future of everything and a replacement for artists and idiots like fucking Joe Rogan were saying,
I make people listen to this in the, in my green room and they're, they tell me how good it is while I'm standing in the comedy club that I own
and could invite them on my podcast that could still make the millions of dollars through the exposure.
They tell me the thing that I'm telling them is good is good.
Yeah, because it rocks. Exactly.
If, if, if all of the idiots in the world weren't telling us that this is the greatest thing ever,
it could just be a fun novelty that people are messing around with,
but no, we have to decide that Shifty Brent is going to destroy the music industry with his
some, on some level impressive, but also incredibly basic AI cover of
the incredibly novel idea of what if this rap song was in a different genre?
I do think it's kind of fun. Yeah, it's sort of fun until you make such a big fucking deal out of it that it becomes incredibly embarrassing.
Well, I just believe in finding my joy wherever I like. Hey, so actually I refuse to exist.
I'm kind of operating on a higher wavelength.
Can we do AI slop check in?
We might not be able to do it today, but we can once I'm back in town.
I just need to wrap things up today.
So speaking of jet, why don't we, why don't we burn through these last couple of news stories?
Because we're almost all caught up.
Oh yeah, there's a Scott Adams story.
You know, it'll skip this Diddy story.
We'll just skip it and we'll end on checking it on Heidi Klum, Halloween costumes.
The terror master says one of his guests told Joe Rogan there is an AI podcast too,
and he could be replaced and he said no way.
That is at least sort of charming to know that Joe Rogan will probably actually be worried about that now.
Like Jamie pull up a podcast of me not but it's not me. It's a robot.
And maybe we just play that.
I do feel like Joe Rogan will be the first person in line to replace himself with his own AI model.
And frankly, I think a lot of his audience wouldn't notice.
So maybe I'm wrong. Maybe it really is the future.
There's a fitness influencers. Yeah, there's AI porn as well.
I suspect the Venn diagram there's a pretty intense crossover.
Damn it's wall action poll is still there.
Reverie Wolf I apologize someday I will remember to remove that.
Okay anyway, let's just burn through these last couple of news is real quick.
We got a I will do my own voice. Thank you very much.
We got to burn through these news is a national nation's largest fleet of police cyber trucks to patrol Las Vegas.
I've never I bet they've never felt safer in Vegas.
I do think of all the cities that have cyber trucks.
Vegas does make the most sense.
Let's just watch the old podcast Joe Rogan episode where he had Kevin on.
Is there video of that or is that one just audio that might have been before he was doing video or maybe he was always doing video.
Anyway, either way, no, let's not watch that.
What I want to see that I'd watch a clip but I don't want to watch the whole thing.
Godzilla Fest is coming.
Okay. Okay.
It doesn't look like there's any details on dates.
00.
It's on 00.
Goo. Goo Fest.
That's a different fest.
Meta denies torrenting porn to train AI says downloads were for personal use.
Meta says lawsuit claiming it pirated porn to train AI makes no sense.
Didn't they recently say they're going to allow people to generate what they're calling smut?
Should I just keep cutting this photo of Nicholas?
Wait, which politician is this?
I think it's Maduro, but I shouldn't say if I'm not sure, which I'm also not sure.
Anyway, what I meant to cut to is this.
The move comes after Strike 3 Holdings discovered illegal downloads of some of its adult films on Meta's corporate IP address
as well as other downloads that Meta allegedly concealing using a stealth network of 2,500 hidden IP addresses
accusing Meta of stealing porn to secretly train an unannounced adult version of its AI model powering movie gen Strike 3
sought damages that could exceed $350 million.
You know, they'll probably settle out of court.
They'll just do like a stock swap where instead of paying $350 million,
Meta buys an equity stake in movie gen and somehow that raises both their stock prices by a billion dollars.
I think that's how lawsuits are going to be settled now.
Sounds like you just did some advanced accounting case. I didn't know you had it in you.
I still don't really think AI will replace actual porn.
I think a big appeal to people of porn, for better or worse, is the idea that there's real people participating in it.
It's the same reason why celebrity nudes when they're fake aren't as popular as real celebrity nudes.
Do you have either on you right now?
Shut the internet has all of that.
Yeah, it does.
I do think, though, as a genre, S1000, thank you so much for the 34 months.
I could imagine AI porn getting more and more popular as the technology gets better.
However, I suspect the main place it will get more popular is in Deepfakes,
which is the most troubling use of it for porn.
All of these people releasing and explicitly training models that might be used for porn,
I know that they'll say they'll have guardrails on it, but I just don't know what the appeal of it is
unless you can put specific... I guess if you could generate a girl that does whatever you want,
maybe that's appealing to people, I don't know.
But I really feel like the main use of it will be for maybe forcing IP characters to do sex acts,
but I suspect in the long term, like, ooh, I can make my neighbor do stuff.
Well, that's what you suspect, Case.
Most of us aren't gonna do fucked up stuff with it.
I'm not accusing you, Chet.
I just think it will, for sure.
That'll be a popular use of it.
Everyone will just be generating Ernest Deepfakes since the filter doesn't work on him.
He's on my list, too, next to Hunter and Joe Biden.
Ernest? That one makes sense.
So, if he's okay with it, I will be generating Ernest doing all sorts of stuff.
He's dead, Chet.
Oh, well, then he's gotta be fine with it, right?
No.
No, no one dead is fine with it.
Leave Jim Varney alone?
I thought he was like an open source model now.
I can openly source him from my modeling.
Is me generating him and I on a fancy date really that much worse than generating him smoking a vape he would have never smoked?
It's slightly worse, Chet.
And then it gets worse from there.
We could argue Al porn is Clayface porn.
Al porn?
One could argue Al porn is Clayface porn.
Like the Batman villain?
I don't know. It's love to hate.
They're making a point case. Let them make the point.
I've just never thought of Al porn as being Clayface porn.
But you're right.
Oh, okay. Case is resigned to your position.
Fair enough.
Scott Adams pleads with Trump to help save his life.
Whoa, we're suddenly shifting gears.
This is the big Scott Adams news of the day.
President Donald Trump has responded to a plea from Scott Adams of Dilbert fame after the author and cartoonist reached out for help with medical emergencies.
Adams posted on X that he was reaching out to the president to help save his mother, fudgin, soul, slash life.
I think just life actually.
They're connected.
You think you went overboard with Ernest Gunshade the first?
What'd you do? Tell me all about it.
No, stop it, shut.
Don't tell me all about it. Case is being a killjoy today.
Adams explained, as many of you know I have metastasized prostate cancer.
Okay, that is actually bad.
Yeah, I don't know if you should be reaching out to the president for help on it, but okay.
My healthcare provider Kaiser of Northern California has approved my application to receive a newly FDA approved drug called, uh, Pluckdivo.
But they have dropped the ball in scheduling the brief IV to administer it and I can't seem to fix that.
I'm declining fast. I will ask President Trump if he can get Kaiser of Northern California to respond and schedule it for Monday.
That will give me a fighting chance to stick around on this planet for a little bit longer.
God bless.
That is taking a healthcare into your own hands.
I know a lot of people like to complain about healthcare is broken in this country.
I think we just found a great way to fix it.
If you are sick, tweet the president.
Wouldn't you have to truth the president?
No, he's on Twitter now, but he mostly does do true social.
I mean, look, I'm not the biggest Scott Adams fan.
I don't really wish prostate cancer on anyone, but I think it's a little troubling that even someone who is rich and for better or worse famous
can't cut through the red tape of our medical industry and is having to like DM the president to be like, please, uh, intercede in my extremely serious medical incident.
You would say that, dude. Well, what you're missing is Scott Adams is a Porridias.
But what? He does, he's a comic in.
He does a comic. Yes.
So this could all be a bit.
You just said that it's the way forward. It could be.
Or it's satire. No, I think he has cancer and he needed.
He's like, maybe actually desperate. I don't know.
Or it's PR. We live in pretty troubling times. It's hard to tell the sincerity of anything, but, uh, that's too bad, I guess, on many levels.
I'll tell you what's not too bad.
This Medusa, unless you mean too bad-y because she is looking good.
And that's Heidi Klum. Would you believe it? I would, because honestly, I still would.
Oh, you, you like this.
You're doing something for me for sure.
The Queen of Halloween has done it again.
And fuck it, let's just see the costume.
This way, Heidi, this way. Heidi, right here.
Heidi, go ahead. Heidi.
Heidi, this way. Heidi, I got a treat. Look at these keys.
Heidi, right here.
She is just doing it. How long do you think she was doing it?
Just sitting there, hissing in front of her Heidi Klum Halloween poster.
Happy Halloween.
See, this is why it's worth it to be famous.
Heidi, right here.
Most celebrities don't do it right. Well, Heidi Klum's been famous since like 1995, so she knows.
I like to do this weird thing. Everyone watch me do it, and it is at least kind of fun.
I'm in support.
If we have to have a permanent glamorati class of celebrities that never disappear,
I'll be more like Heidi Klum and at least put on fun fashion slash Halloween events.
And honestly, that costume does kind of kick ass.
Where is the forklift that hauled her onto the carpet?
I think it was actually a bunch of like child labor kids.
What? Yeah, I think she hired a team of child laborers to just kind of haul her around for the day.
Child laborers to give kids a job.
Right, okay, well, that's, I'm going to just remind everyone that that's not true.
You don't know that. I'm pretty confident that's not true chat.
All right, that seems like a good, good enough stopping point as any.
So Heidi Klum for Halloween, Mariah Carey for Christmas. Who do we have for Thanksgiving?
Um, we got Macy's.
Whatever celebrities on the Macy's Thanksgiving Day parade.
You're going to say buff dudes that could have been the other option.
Why would she hire children child labor to give the kids a chance?
Okay, I'll, I'll, I'll be, I was guessing that that's what she did, but maybe kids just did the stitching on the costume.
I don't think there's any child labor involved in Heidi Klum's costume.
Well, it's the fashion industry. I'm just assuming there's child labor involved.
Not her Halloween event isn't entirely the chat. You're not making a good point.
I'm in the vicinity of a point case. I will get there.
Okay. Trump's Ghiblet Neck. Yes. The, the, the noosey is the only Thanksgiving day celebrity we get.
I do make sense. Thank you very much.
Um, are we Thanksgiving giving day parading this year?
What is it the last Thursday of?
What is Thanksgiving? You don't know.
Is it always on the, I always forgot which holidays are on the same day versus a certain day of the week.
Thanksgiving always on the same day. Is it always on a Thursday or something?
It's the 27th. Always on a Monday.
Is it always the 27th? Should I know this?
Well, you're nearly 40. So no, follow your bliss case. Thank you.
Anyway, it's on the 27th. That's a Thursday. Yeah, it's always on a Thursday, right?
Am I making this up? It's Thursday for you guys. Yeah.
Uh, I think I can. I don't think I have anything. Well, the only, it just depends.
I guess I could do it. We used to do it live, right? I don't think we did it last year.
I think the bit was I was at least do it. I would do it on the day that the parade actually happened.
We'd watch it. I'd like to. Let me double check my schedule. But tentatively, yes, we will do our
once skipped tradition of the Macy's Day parade. Unless I'm going, I think the reason I couldn't do it last year is I was, I went to Kendall's Family's place.
Yeah, you're right. It is always Thursday. See, I'm remembering.
You're lucky that you were unconfidently correct just this once.
Okay. Yeah, I might, I mean, I could, maybe I could go to Cass's house and do it.
I can make him stream again.
Or we meet at a secondary location. Why don't you want to man our house?
I just don't want to make him drive all the way up here. But maybe you would.
Okay. It's almost 530. Shit.
One of these days we're going to do all these segments, but I think today we're going to have to end on trip on the street.
Oh, I moved last year. That's right. That sounds right.
Yeah, the parade was moving too, case. It wasn't making excuses.
I was so confident that I could catch up on segments today, but it turns out I'd like to ramble.
That is technically all this stream is. That's true.
Anyway, let's close out with trip on the streets. You can send trip your opinion.
It'll go down to the streets and he'll find it there. Don't worry with exclamation point trip.
There might already be some opinions in there.
I changed how his opinion sheet works. It could easily be broken. We'll find out either way.
If I can stream tomorrow, then we did make progress. We were four segments behind, but tomorrow we'd only be two.
But we'll see if I even can if not, then, you know, someday we'll be doing conspiracy time.
This long ago requested conspiracy time, but for now, let's close things out with trip on the streets.
Back again, I am like a bloodhound, but for opinions. So not that.
I will be finding all your opinions out here on the streets.
What I'm concerned about is that this number isn't correct and there might be more than three.
There's only one way to find out and that's to relentlessly talk to people.
I won't take not talking for an answer.
Let's see if everything's working as it should and get out here with these opinions today.
Okay. Yes, you there. Let's not waste any time in case there's 30 opinions waiting.
Number four. Well, this one claims four, but there could be more.
Anyway, we'll figure it out either way. Yes, you there. Come talk to me.
There could be a rush or there could not be.
I don't know what it is, but either way, I did the cheese that Papito eight have a funeral.
Well, it's kind of sad about whatever happened there.
Um, not super familiar with that. Can you explain?
Well, there's a there's a segment on the thing that you're on where the good little guys talk.
Okay, that's every segment. Okay. Well, anyway, Papito eight are talking cheese.
He killed it. He died. He okay. It's dead. Okay.
Did it have a funeral? It's cheese though. If it's fucking cheese, then who cares?
Well, it was alive. It had feelings and history. It might have had a family. It was cheese.
I didn't I don't claim to understand, but it moved me.
And I'd like to know if it was put to rest.
I'll be honest with you. Not a fucking chance.
What? Because it's cheese.
So messed up. It's cheese, man.
You're going to have to harshen up that brittle soul of yours.
If you can handle the death and torture of a couple of sentient cheeses.
That's no I refused to ever handle that. It shouldn't be allowed.
Papito, you're a killer. You're a killer as far as I'm concerned.
That's ridiculous. It's cheese. You keep saying that. It doesn't make it any better trip.
I am a huge fan, but please.
Sorry. I'm just being honest. Nobody cares about cheese that can talk getting brutally killed.
All right. Anyway, let's see who else is out here today. Yes, you there.
I just checked my channels and I don't see Spike TV anymore.
Okay.
Where's the television for men? Oh, yeah.
Well, are you, um, you know a guy?
A whole man, yes. I'm a nasty boy.
Okay.
Spike TV. I wasn't actually aware if that was on or off. I have not kept up with cable at all.
I'm actually a big time internet celebrity now. It's sort of the future.
For me, I like basic cable. It's all I watch. I like a schedule program and I like knowing I'm watching it with other people.
Well, I, I'm assuming if you've lost it, then do you have a pretty expansive cable package?
Oh, yeah. I got one of the digital antennas.
Oh, I don't think that's a cable package.
Oh, now you get everything you get the channel that has, like them, them, sometimes wrestling, sometimes teen dramas.
The CW?
You get that with it. You got, um, ABC.
Yeah, that's, it's like standard open air broadcasting.
Mm-hmm. More than that, too.
Yeah. Do you smoke? Card King is worried that you're maybe messing up your voice.
Nope. I'm just a classic man.
Okay, well, I don't know what happened to Spike TV and I'm one of the most macho men on the planet.
That's crazy to say. We don't want Spike, but I'll carry, I guess I'll just fucking roll over and shit.
Whoa, what? I mean, I don't have to do that. It's a strange response to pretty much anything.
Okay, yes, you there.
Oh, hey, Trude. Oh, hi.
Is Triple H done a bit of job with John C.J. Tyramy booking? What's the matter?
Sorry, I don't want to call anything up, but are you able to look at me? Yeah, I'm looking right at you.
Okay, then I better just not mention it.
Uh, yes. Yeah.
Based on what I think he's done an excellent job, actually.
Well, then why are you asking me?
Well, I like to get everything in opinion. There's a lot of people upset about it and I think he's done a pretty good job.
Well, you know, it's fine. At the end of the day, it's a lot of it's on the wrestler anyway to make whatever shit they spit in their face work.
John Cena's sort of done that for good chunks of his career and I just think it's been a little lackluster.
Maybe they got shot in the foot by the rock stuff. I've actually kind of stopped watching WWE's product recently.
I'll probably, you know, find a bar with an open window to watch it through because I refuse to go inside.
At some point around WrestleMania season, but I am somewhat generally disturbed by the channel, by the product and the people in charge of it.
So I've sort of checked out. You could say that you're like, oh, your big guy will all entertain me.
It is actually compromised. So I mean, I don't think you're wrong, but also it's sort of to your point.
They do have weird business practices. They seem to be heavily involved in the Trump administration and even more than that.
It just kind of seems like it hasn't been that good recently.
Somebody originally an AEW pay-per-views occasionally. You said of a bitch.
I was a fan. Oh, you're not a fan of me anymore? I mean, I'll still keep up with what you're doing, but I wouldn't call myself a fan.
You're going to keep up with me? I mean, I'll probably watch everything you do, but I'm not a fan.
Are you a fan of AEW? No. Do you watch what they do? I mean, they keep up with what they do, but that doesn't mean I'm a fan.
Do you watch their pay-per-views? I mean, they keep up with them. Yeah, I watch them. That doesn't mean I'm a fan.
Why do you care which wrestling company you're watching? Well, I mean, I'm a fan of one of them.
But you watch all of it? Well, I mean, I keep up with it. Okay. Look, man. All right, fine. You know what? That's fine.
You done a great job. Everybody has done a good job and it's fine. Okay, thank you. That's all I was wondering.
That's all I was wondering. All right. Yes, you there. What do you got for me?
I'm Trippy B.
If you could wrestle one person dead or alive, who would it be?
Okay, well, no reason to ask what's happening here. Um, dead or alive?
Napoleon? What? I don't know anybody, right? Is he the most is he the most famous?
I'm also just curious how little was he? You want to wrestle because he's a little guy?
What? What? I could make it happen trip.
I am the concept of stuff.
No, that's too vague. Yes, that's right. Every time you think of stuff, it's me.
That's so vague. Yes. That's another thing you thought of. Do you want to wrestle Napoleon?
No, I mean, it's just what I would. I don't really want to wrestle anyone. Oh, you defeated me this once.
What? How do you work? It's a few thought of a thing that counts as stuff.
The only weakness. I was going to make you wrestle who you named, but you use the power of stuff to make me not.
Okay, very good. This time trip. I'll get you next time with stuff.
What stuff? Okay, well, I think it's important. I don't ask too many questions.
All right. Yes, you there. You got a opinion from me. I am still Trippy B.
What? I'm trying to look on. Watch down that column.
You're doing better than most.
I'm not sure that's it there. I told you I thought I might get it. Four seconds to see if it landed.
I don't think that's usually how it works. Okay.
Is Trippy D. Cardi B. Second cousin? Who?
Who could do with you? Ah, chat, sorry. Anyway, it was decent. It's decent.
If you want to go on the road, though, I think you're going to need a couple of jokes that absolutely kill.
So you've got a little work to do. I'll be honest. I can barely understand you. You have an impossibly deep voice.
I figured. Great. Yes, you there. What do you have for me? I am still Trippy B. Keep it moving.
Would you rather never be able to complain again or never poop again?
You can find a way to complain without complaining. No, no, no, no. Don't try to get around this.
You've got a pick. Ah, well, poop. I mean, poop's more functional.
You could be positive, I guess, and it'd be annoying sometimes, and you couldn't articulate it, but if you can't shit your pants, you'll die.
Well, maybe you can't complain. You'll die. You ever think of it? No. Well, are you now?
A little bit. Don't really get how it works. You get all stuffed up. Like, are you cold and you get stuffed up? I'm not pooping.
Well, the same thing that happened to your brain. Why not let in the air out but not uncorking those complaints?
Exactly, Michael. There's always a catch.
Okay, well, I guess I'm fucked the other way then. Now you're getting it. Sometimes there's no way to win the Kobayashi Leroo.
Well, I mean, it's got to be better to just shit occasionally and have a generally positive outlook. I'm assuming.
Well, running out of stored town hall questions? This is a different command. Don't even worry about it. They don't interact. They're different lists.
Anyway, who else?
On this day, I see clearly everything has come to light.
Okay.
That light says Fire Jake. Peace out, dog. You just got Drive By Song Slammed.
What? Is that a thing? Did someone pay for me to get Drive By Song Slammed?
Because it wasn't really a, it was lyrics to a song, but he didn't even sing it. I'd sort of like to complain to someone
that it was supposed to be a song, but what company? And who did that to me and why?
Maybe that's what they're trying to make me ask.
Okay. Yes, you there. What do you got for me?
These are from the town hall? Son of a bitch.
What? Mr. Slinging, can your final match be against Jake?
How is this happening? Why am I getting town hall questions? Someone broke the motherfucking list.
It wasn't me. I just came to ask the question.
No, it can't. What? Oh, that's it. That's all I get.
The list got mixed up somehow.
Pulling off the town hall list.
I gotta speed this up because we gotta go into negative numbers or something.
I'm back. Okay. What do you want?
So that trailer is perfectly legal, but I sent an on minute video me gushing and I gotta put on a list.
I think that's from a tonal too. So, no. What? No, that's a fair question.
Let's see if this even works because it might fuck it up. But let's find out.
You're back again. We're negative opinions. How does piss feel the hop train?
Does he have a fusion fuel tank like back to the future?
You are supposed to only get one. You didn't answer my other ones.
All right. We're deep in the hole. We gotta speed up.
How does piss feel the hype train? He's got a piss combustion engine.
Well, explain how that works. I can't explain combustion engines.
That's all you get. What? No. Come on, please. I'm curious about this.
Ow. He's got a piss combustion engine. That's the best I can do.
You next. Bring it on.
Best dip for dino nugs. Are you the same guy? No.
You look similar. How so, sir? I look completely different.
The best dip for dino nugs is barbecue.
Ah, what? Quick answers? I think we could still be getting town hall questions.
I can't tell anymore. There could be hundreds of these.
Let's try again. No, I'm not doing this.
Okay, look. I know how to fix this. I'm going into the list itself.
There's a secret list that only I have access to, and I'm going to have to do some surgery on it.
I don't know how the town hall list in my list got all mixed up,
but it seems to have happened. I'll admit it.
Okay. Please. Where is it?
All right. I'm going to work. We're honing in on it slowly, but surely.
Okay. I see. We were very far away from catching up.
All right. Let me just double. Let me make sure I don't fuck this up
because it's a sensitive list.
All right. We're going further in.
We have 15 of these.
I'm going to go ahead and hit the Stop button.
Oh. opinion's are caused for our pause for the day.
We've got 15 of these to get through.
Don't let this number fool you. It's completely inaccurate unfortunately.
Now let's hope that this works. Yes, you there. You're the same guy.
It seems the hatesaw hates everything. But candle.
Just want to say that.
Okay, now we should be into not those opinions
Can we get another top gun sequel where they fly those drop jets and drop VCs instead of bombs?
This is still the wrong thing
How is that possible? There's oh
Oh, okay. Let me
Try this one more time. Okay. We gotta save this now go away
I'm coming back. I'm gonna ask
All right, try it again mr. Negative negative one question. I should have known I loop the loop twisty wait
You were doing a different voice. I didn't know you had it in you if anything
I think mom Donnie has the advantage. Okay, great
He had since city three thousand on his wishlist even though it's not a game that I made
What's that's when you make video games? Oh
Enquomo can go to bat band land. He's banned
That's right. I'm a socialist
I've decided to be a communist
Don't you know what don't do that just stay whatever you were. Nope. I'm the face of the Communist Party now
You're gonna set it back even further
Not that I am I'm a classic American newsman, but if I were a communist
I wouldn't want you as the face of it. Well too bad because I am say a lot of the face of the future everyone
Exclamation point cigarette from I love cigarettes. We should make that a command, but it's not one yet
Okay, yes you there a young lady. What do you want for me trip? It's Ernie
Club seals with his dick. That's your name. I've been hearing people talking about my man JD Vance
Has been tagging that hot wife. Oh, what's your what's your point and the whole world is shocked?
Well, okay. Well, I'm stoked socked. Sorry what I'm socked about socked about is a people don't see
Where this is leading? Okay. Where is it leading?
Ernie club seals with his dick. This won't stop with JD getting divorced and marrying a hot wife
It ends with her accepting the VP slot with vance in 2028. Oh
Well, that's still gonna have weird sexual overtones to it because of all of the wits grabbing they're doing the first fucking couple in
History of America. Oh, so they are married there is also
running for
The executive branch together. Yeah, come in come into the house for their name on it. Wait me out. I said, I want to let you know
You know, I'd love to say that I think that's unlikely, but that seems a little
Possible, maybe I mean it's it's maybe a stretch, but also not as much of a stretch as it should be
Trip get your ass in line and get some waffles. Oh my I
Don't give you I don't give a damn what you do. I want you to get me waffles. Okay, get on it
I've been told I can't say that anymore
What were you gonna say nothing get on it? Oh
Waffles trip tata
What was he gonna say that he couldn't say I'll be thinking about that all day
All right. Yes. Let's keep it moving. We've got a lot of these to get through
Hello, it's National Sandwich Day be a doll and make me a sandwich. See ya
What?
I'm an entire green universe with him. I
Hate multi-dimensional guys are always doing stuff like that
Okay. Yes, you there. Hey drip. Bye. I'm an ass little guy and and here and here sniff stuff
What sniff stuff mainly mainly you talk stick them big mommy moe
I
Don't know how much man we've been through this come on. Yeah, let me go. Yes, no
Honey llama. I'm just not that type of guy sniffing. Okay, horny llama
I know this is how you show affection, but I'd prefer I prefer if you didn't come on dolly no
And I do I'm horny llama sniffing
Horny llama your horny's first specifically my socks and it's just not my king sniffing
Are you saying sniff sniff about something other than the socks?
Then I think we're done here until you can until you can talk to me the way that I like to be talked to
That's how I try to talk to you. I like to talk about your feet
That's what's polite to me sniff sniff. Okay. Well, that's okay. You can't please everyone Chad
Can't please them all come on. Yes. I see you want to see you. You're hungry for it
Hi trip Johnny H. How are you? I'm pretty good
It could be Thanksgiving parade balloon, which would if you could be sorry walk. I'm nervous
That's okay. Take it easy Johnny if you could be a Thanksgiving parade balloon, which would you be which one?
Yeah, and would you let me get high off your helium?
This is a fun second question. Let me answer the first one curse first Johnny. Oh fuck. I'm sorry. I'm nervous
Okay, you look familiar. I'm a name Johnny H. Okay. I'd be a giant bar of gold
Oh, I don't think that is one. You didn't say it had to be a real one and I'm not a balloon. I'm gold
You have helium in you. No, I'm a giant bar of gold suspended from a crane
Well, um, I said balloon. No
It says balloon on the side. What it's in it's got
It's had the has balloon carved on the side of the gold bar
Why trips cuz I'll be rich. No, you'll be the gold
It doesn't matter I if I am the gold then I own myself and now I'm the richest man on the planet a parade size bar of gold
I'll be unstoppable. What what watch it so I can get my nut
Scared him off and handle the truth
Okay, yes you there little guy you got something to say to me
You know
Defended ballerines what the people star you doing an accent
That's in person what and about
What I'll be the star are you trying to ask a serious question right now?
That's a reason I find about orange or to be the star. I know what you really want to say and I relate
I
Think it's bad
Is it what I what's gonna say it's bad and he shouldn't be president and
It's bad
Banana is that good or bad? Did I say that's her well it banana?
Okay
Or keep it at rolling until we're out of juice. I'm scrumptious. Okay, I'm so made
What?
You would not believe the crazy sex stuff his ex-wife does with that
His ex-wife in jizbo have oh no, you're a child. What no, I'm not
I'm an adult being
Come on, this is if you can't do you can't have sex questions if you look like a baby with a mustache
I'm gonna see crazy like anybody else
I'm also crumb sister, but he scares me he says stuff in his sleep
All right, look, there's too much for me to unravel here. I just I'm gonna have to say Godspeed
What do you mean? I'm asking you a question what question you wouldn't believe the crazy sex
I can't talk about this with you. You look like a baby. That's fucked up. I look how I look your crumbs
Sister-made
Yeah, would you believe it kind of but also okay?
Okay, we're not getting you a that I'm gonna go
Doesn't look a little like crumb, but okay
Yes little throne from whatever just considering sort of
All of it. Unfortunately. Yes you there. What do you have for me? I trip?
Mountain man Mike here of the mountain, okay, don't you usually come with music?
You don't you don't have to ask me twice
Ah
I know I don't look like I normally do that's because I'm in disguise
The war between big foot some gray aliens has gotten so bad
I had to go into hiding for a while
So they didn't brainwash me to give them a piggyback ride so they could be as tall as the big foot
What do you know any good places to get lunch around the park is my question tell me trip
What tell me trip tell me trip what tell me trip lunch trip?
What lunch trip? Tell me trip? What lunch? Why do I get lunch?
No
What
Lush lush, lush lush, lush, lush, lush, lush, lush, lush, lush, lush, lush, lush, lush, lush, lush, lush, lush, lush, lush, lush, lush.
Denny's!
There's Denny's at the corner.
I do like Denny's.
It's the first thing I could think of.
There isn't even a Denny's at the corner and we're in a city.
I panicked.
He's gonna be looking for hours.
Whoops.
That's my bed.
We have fun.
Okay!
God I don't even know how many of these are left.
Keep it movin'.
I'm Daru.
They just do that to me.
to me. They walk up, they say that, they slink away. I know it's a threat. A threat of what?
I'm less sure. Okay. I don't turn a hurl's work. What? I don't turn a hurl's work. Like
a real one or the one here? Ah, how do I work? Come on, can you specify? Here? Well here,
it's a specific segment. You can request it and then there'll be two guys and the
audience asks questions and they respond. And then case is in the middle and he
whines. Okay. Okay. I mean, I was, that is how they work. I guess he was satisfied.
Yes, you there. What do you have for me? It could be violated. The guard rules
considering similarities. They're party content. Me violate our cut the
bullies. Okay, he's got to me violate our guard rules considering their party
like this. Which one? Whose content? This guy didn't mind. Have you heard the AI
artist slick Hampton? No, he makes covers of it makes covers of commercial
jingles. But what if they were in the style? What if what if they were in this
this style of a brand song? What's wrong? Are you experiencing AI psychosis?
We've been talking to chat GPT for like six months straight in a dark room.
You go ask about this. Okay, so I guess yes. He definitely violated third party
likenesses. Hmm. It's like a young Bruce Springsteen, I guess in his own way.
Bracknets. Yes. That's a question. I'm not a fan. Wow. I see today. He's leaving.
Okay. I didn't think that would work. At least they're brief today. Okay. Yes, you there.
Oh, I think we're out. There might be one more. Because this guy's staring at me.
Do you have a question? I think we're out of time. All right. MSG says what I'm
thinking about it shouldn't case of a cream team emote. Especially says
cast him doesn't stream anymore. No. No. No. Okay. Who are you? Can you speak?
Do you have a question? Oh, yeah. What? You're invited more ever at
vitamin water? Yes. Oh, are you gonna go? No. Is that your only question? Yeah.
All right. Case is telling me that it's my responsibility to end the stream for
today. So I'll take it. I'll take it. I don't know how a twitch rate works.
And I live in a park, but I will tell someone to do it right now. And I'm
gonna say raid spinachi it's been a while since we've been able to lazy. Yeah,
he won't even raid himself. He's a shit. I was trying to get out of
everything. What can you do? You just have to continue being the best in the
business. Yeah. You agree? Yeah. Yeah. Lip. You say like LIP? No. Lip? How do you
spell it? No, no way. You gonna tell us? I'm not gonna dump my
cell on your stream. Future co-host? Yeah. You look a lot like other ones. No.
You sound like the security guard. No. People can only sound so many ways,
roughly one of 10 ways. All right. Thanks for hanging out, everybody. Hopefully we
can stream tomorrow because we're gonna be out of town from Wednesday all the
way till Sunday. But if we can, we'll hop on tomorrow. If not, we will be back
here in a week. That's how it goes sometimes. You can't stream all the time.
Sometimes you gotta go have friends or something. That's what case says anyway.
Say hi to spinachi for me. It's a what's your name? Lip. It's a lip. No, that's
too weird lip. I can't say it's a lip-ray. It's normal, no?
But whatever. It's just a case. We'll see you while next week. Have a beautiful
one. Stay opinionated. It's the first time saying that.
That's a good thing. No, I don't think so. You could be the thing. You can always say that.
Nah. It's not my style to repeat. I live on these streets, man, and I'm never
fucking leaving. Okay. Are you going to? I mean, I'm feeling good right here.
I feel good here. All right. Have a great night, everybody. I'm gonna go back
to my blush. Me too. No. I couldn't. Nope. Lip could come.