I'm Papita.
I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Vice President-elect J.D.
Vance making his way into the Capitol.
We expect President-elect Trump to be entering shortly as well.
Former Ohio Senator Sherrod Brown has been with us this morning watching this all unfold.
Senator Brown, your thoughts on this moment as we await just moments away from when
President-elect Trump will be sworn back into office.
I find the sort of theme of a couple of speakers.
I can't see them on screen.
I think it was a Trump spokesperson talking about disrupting that it's no longer corporate
interest and no longer the people who ran the Republican Party.
I find it, if not for the seriousness that I find immunity in it.
We're saying that Trump isn't going to listen to Wall Street anymore, isn't going to listen
to the big corporate CEOs who's going to listen to these California billionaires.
I mean, the three of the richest people in the world are sitting on that platform with
them.
They all want tax cuts.
They all want weaker consumer protections.
They all want weaker worker safety rules.
And so what gives?
I mean, he's still going to provide a Republican mantra for years has always been more
tax cuts for the rich, more tax cuts for large corporations.
I don't see any movement away from that.
But at the same time, he's clearly listening to billionaires, one of them as we
know, on the stage of the $250 million through the President's campaign.
So it's not like disruption means it's all about focusing on workers.
Disruption means we won't do quite as much for corporate America.
We're going to take care of these newly minted, in some cases, deca or
simply if that's the word simply there.
So I don't find much change.
And I don't again, politics is not left to right to side me on.
And I think the president today needs to essentially say to the public, I'm not
I'm not going to let these bloaters run the country.
They helped my campaign.
And I'm going to look out for workers.
I hope he does that.
I'm always optimistic.
I just don't really see it coming.
Well, President-elect Trump is now making his way into the Capitol.
Tiffany Smiley, as we watch this live picture, I believe Senator Brown was
referring to what you mentioned earlier about the disruptors.
Care to respond?
Yeah, I mean, look, I mean, these people worked with Biden as well, but they
also know that President Trump will deliver.
So unfortunately, over the last four years, the economy, it hasn't worked
for the working class.
It hasn't worked for an average American who has lost nearly $33,000
over the last four years under Bidenomics.
So I think Trump is just painting a picture.
Trump is Trump and he will always do what he wants to do.
And he will always do what's best for America and the American people.
I think he's just showing like, hey, look, I'm bringing people from all walks
of life. This isn't just DC.
This isn't just the establishment.
And we are going to solve these problems that are facing the American people.
Former and future First Lady Melania Trump has made her way inside the Capitol
Rotunda. Former Republican Senator Bob Corker has been with us all morning.
Senator Corker, we saw a moment ago the arrival of House and Senate leaders.
How do you expect the House and Senate in this go-around to be a check on
executive power?
I think they're going to be a check.
And I just had a conversation with John, the
President of the United States, and the Vice President of the United States.
On the Senate floor, I escorted a new senator,
someone who's been sworn in about on January 3rd.
But I think they will be a check.
Obviously, there's going to be a lot more communication.
There's going to be a lot more communication between the two than
has happened in the past.
Obviously, Senator McConnell and President Trump didn't communicate that much.
Thun and the President will.
And then look in the House.
You've got some independent Republicans over there.
Obviously, the Democratic side is going to be a check.
I think that people this time, though, are going to pick and choose.
I think there's going to be more prudence in the way that they check,
understanding that the capital that the President comes in with, political capital.
I do want to say one other thing.
I enjoy being almost Senator Brown.
And I think what both of us are doing today in our different ways,
with a different focus, is we're trying to be aspirational.
Meaning that we're hopeful that Senator Brown is hopeful
that the President is going to focus on workers and their needs.
An issue that he's always talked about.
We came in together in 2007, elected in 2006.
I, too, am trying to be aspirational.
And I think that that is the way that both the House and Senate, in some ways,
will be.
Can they influence the President to stay focused, to move in a direction
that is good for our country?
I think that's the mode that everyone around is going to be hopeful,
that somehow the President will stay focused,
that he'll try to bring out the best in all of us.
And we're going to see in just a few moments whether that's his first step
here at the inaugural speech.
Indeed, we'll end on that moment of hope, that note of hope,
and go inside the Capitol Rotunda to watch this inaugural proceed.
Ladies and gentlemen, the Vice President-Elect of the United States,
the Honorable JD Vance.
Not cases, brother, said.
What's happening?
Where are you taking me?
Ladies and gentlemen, escorting the President-Elect,
the staff director for the Joint Congressional Committee
on Inaugural Ceremonies, Elizabeth Farah, House Sergeant
at Arms, the Honorable William P. McFarland,
Senate Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper,
the Honorable Jennifer A. Hemingway,
Senate Majority Leader, the Honorable John Thune,
and the Joint Congressional Committee
on Inaugural Ceremonies, House Democratic Leader,
the Honorable Hakim Jeffries, House Majority Leader,
the Honorable Steve Scalise, Speaker of the House
of Representatives, the Honorable Mike Johnson,
Senate Democratic Leader, the-
Seven, six, five, four, three, two, one.
Let's do this.
There we go.
Hello, everyone.
It's too early of a start for me.
Making a coffee.
So I was screaming at Pepito.
Don't start the show.
Making him look bad.
That's actually his fault.
Ooh.
All right.
We're missing some hot, missing hot inauguration
as we speak.
So I think we got to jump right into it.
I do accidental gray face, not today.
Only Trump could do that.
Only he can prevent the present, the bold vision
of once again making it OK to do gray face,
which I did not achieve.
I have never achieved making that OK.
Maybe we'll debut a new look.
Let's show it off.
Let's get right into it aggressively.
Let's attack aggressively.
We're already fucking missing it.
And I'm doing a bad job already of covering this.
That's his new look.
The worst thing that could happen today.
Probably the worst thing that will happen
is just an insane speech.
But apparently the Trump is inaugurated.
It's the worst thing.
I do think that'll probably happen.
Please be seated.
Damn, I missed his death start entrance.
Let's just run back really quick
to see our dear sweet boy walk out.
How is he looking?
Farland.
Senate Sergeant Ed Hanson.
Senate Democratic.
We're not quite live now because I ran it back.
Because I missed President Trump walking out.
Ladies and gentlemen, the president elect
of the United States, the honorable Donald John Trump.
Oh, not that good.
It should be pointed out this inauguration had $250 million
donated to it by various tech billionaires.
And among others, Jesus, OK, someone
debuted a new look.
Smooth criminal over there.
Jesus.
Oh, the cat cam is still on.
Whoops.
But it's also off.
OK, anyway, now we'll go live.
Now we're going live.
Whatever's happening live.
OK, great.
Amy Cope.
For the past year, I've chaired the inaugural ceremony committee.
Amy Clobuchar for some reason.
She's the leadership of Congress from both parties.
We thank the committee and capital staff and law
enforcement who worked so hard over the last year,
and especially the last three days.
You've done a beautiful job, and you
have shown grace under pressure.
Amy cost $20 million herself.
That was part of the $250 million package
to make this stream happen.
Our theme this year is our enduring democracy.
The presence of so many presidents and vice
presidents here today is truly a testament to that
and to the perseverance.
We welcome President Biden and Dr. Biden.
We welcome Vice President Harris and Doug Emhoff,
President Obama, President Clinton and Secretary Clinton,
President Bush and Laura Bush, Vice President Pence,
Vice President Quayle and Marilyn Quayle.
What's happening?
I just woke up.
Why are we awake right now?
Don't worry about it.
The Trump and Vance families.
Of course.
Oh, look, I needed it.
Marx, what will soon be 250 years of our democracy.
You guys are already seeing double today.
When leaders elevated by the will of the people
promise to be faithful to our Constitution,
to cherish and defend it, it is the moment
when they become, as we all should be,
the guardians of our country.
Through war and peace, through adversity and prosperity,
we hold this inauguration every four years.
How come I wasn't told to wake up?
On Martin Luther King Day, a further reminder.
Why are they doing this so early?
To uphold the values enshrined in our constitution.
It's only 1130 on the East Coast.
The freedoms, the liberties, and as is inscribed
on the entrance of the United States Supreme Court.
Look at those two beer enjoyers.
Equal justice under law.
Jesus, the Supreme Court justice is so fucking miserable.
But what makes this moment more than a passing ceremony
is all who are watching it across the country.
This is why people relate to Trump so hard,
is he looks bored as shit.
Doing extraordinary things.
President Kennedy, who at one point
worked as a senator in this building
and would often walk through this very rotunda.
In case this is important stuff.
In a democracy, every citizen, regardless
of interest in politics holds office.
Every one of us is in a position of responsibility.
Metalcast, thank you so much.
Every donation you send today goes directly
to the inauguration fund already in progress.
Not to seek out Malice as President Lincoln once reminded us,
but to view others with a generosity of spirit
despite our differences.
Sorry about that, Metalcast.
We should have warned you.
Comes an obligation to stand our ground when we must
and find common ground when we can.
With everything swirling around us,
the hot mess of division, it is on all of us
to close the incredible citizen writer
who just happened to be born in my state
to ensure that our nation's democracy
is our shelter from the storm.
Oh my God, someone give her a fork.
Chat was right, she needs to throw forks.
In other countries that might be in a presidential palace
or a gilded executive office building.
Give her a couple phones, a couple forks,
and a couple interns with some bullseyes.
The people's house.
It is a fitting reminder of the system
of challenges and balances that is the very foundation
of our government.
Sunny, flaming Los Angeles.
Three people branches of government.
That is how for nearly 250 years
our great American experiment grounded
in the rule of law has endured.
So, as we have not reached our new president
and vice president, let us remember
that the power of those in this room
comes from the people.
The construction workers who build our country.
This is the worst pro wrestling speech ever.
The teachers and healthcare workers who nurture us.
The troops depending on who we are.
What, you guys aren't seeing that $250 million on screen?
The firefighters in Los Angeles
waiting themselves up in the line
for that family matters tirade.
Where's Musk?
Oh, he's off to the side.
He's right up there though.
Our democracy's strength and grit
surprise he doesn't have his kid on his lap.
There's, may God bless our nation.
Jesus Christ, this Melania.
And Barron.
I thought he was that fucking podcaster.
One who talks really low
and somehow claims to be a MIT genius.
Today we're reviewing this podium
about inaugurating President Donald Trump.
Good afternoon.
Endurance through the years is the ultimate test.
To persevere and honor this is the truest measure
of an idea.
Measure.
An institution.
Did I wear in the measures?
And a nation.
Our founders wrote the constitution
so that America could withstand all the twists
and turns of time.
I didn't know I was gonna have to take a fucking
social studies class today.
They wrote it to guide us.
And to preserve forever our right of life, liberty,
and the pursuit of happiness.
But as much as the truths and principles
in our constitution remain the same,
our democracy promises the American people
the power to change.
Just bring out Trump.
But to chart their own destiny.
That's the beauty.
The democratic process is making me more
in favor of democracy.
It allows the importance of permanence
of permanence of a nation through change.
It allows nations like our United States
to avoid the obstacles if you wanna get drunk
and to seize the opportunities
that God has placed before us.
All was saying true to our founding principles.
Today is our country's 60th inauguration ceremony.
And maybe our last.
Like all the others before it.
It is a celebration of our right to set out
uniquely American course.
Trump might make come true.
The last several years have been trying at times
for many, many Americans.
And also for the nations of the free world.
Abby Grendel, this is about a smooth transition.
Strive to lead.
For the man that they called the New Hitler.
And a fascist and an exigent threat to democracy.
Towards greatness.
The secure, safe, and prosperous future.
Look at Kamala.
That our founders envisioned for all of us.
Look at poor, sweet Kamala.
Today we celebrate not only their decision to do so,
but also the simple right and wisdom of a free people
to make their own choice so that their nation might endure.
And now allow me to welcome Archbishop Timothy Dolan
and Reverend Franklin Graham
who will deliver our invocation.
Please rise.
I was adding some music for them.
Just a little solemn otherwise.
Be still.
Okay, there we go.
And know that I am God.
Supreme among the nations, supreme on the earth.
Look at this man.
We're dealing with God himself right now.
General George Washington on the seas.
Oh no.
Recalling Abraham Lincoln at his second inaugural
with malice toward none, with charity for all,
with firmness in the right as God gives us to see the right.
We're getting Amy.
General George, he's cracking up.
He's cracking up.
To his soldiers as they began the battle of the bulge
eight decades ago.
Pray, pray when fighting, pray alone,
pray with others, pray by night, pray by day.
They're just clipping Biden in here.
The birthday of the reverend,
Martin Luther King who warned without God,
our efforts turn to ashes.
Sinister death, accurate.
Bless citizens of this one nation under God,
humbled by our claim that in God we trust.
This guy likes it.
Gather indeed this inauguration day to pray.
Are they in Italy?
For our president, Donald J. Trump is family.
Is this the 17 Chapel?
His advisors, his cabinet, his aspirations.
So the 17 Chapel room.
His vice president.
For the Lord's blessings upon Joseph Biden.
For our men and women.
Yeah, that's where they are, Chet.
For each other.
Called it.
Whose hopes are stoked this new year,
this inauguration day.
We cannot air and relying upon that prayer
from the Bible.
Those paintings must have been really expensive.
On which our president will soon place his hand in oath.
As we make our own the supplications
of King Solomon's wisdom.
As he began his governance.
God of our fathers.
In your wisdom you set man to govern your creatures.
This little lady.
To govern your holiness and justice.
To render justice with integrity.
Give our leader wisdom.
For he is your servant aware of your
up-to-own weakness and brevity of life.
This is why they do this early on West Coast time.
So that people like you don't have to watch your case.
I've made a mistake.
Wisdom from heavens that she may be with him.
That he may know your design.
There he is.
Lex Freedman is who I'm thinking of.
That's Lex Freedman.
He's lost some weight, but.
He's gained some hair.
Mentor every flaw.
You are the guy who we trust who lives and reigns.
He mostly just looks tall.
Amen.
Damn Lex Freedman.
So tall and younger.
That's what a successful podcast will do for you.
Who the fuck is this?
Mr. President.
You don't know this guy?
The last four years.
There are times I'm sure you thought it was pretty dark.
But not anymore America.
We praise him and give him glory.
We're done with the prayers.
We had the prayer section already.
Damn.
Let us pray.
Another reverend?
Our father and our God that has said,
blessed is the nation.
All right, I'll pump this up too.
That God is the Lord.
As the prophet Daniel prayed,
blessed be the name of God forever and ever.
For wisdom and might are his.
He changes the times and the seasons.
He removes kings.
He raises up kings.
He gives wisdom to the wise.
He could have just played this.
The knowledge to those who have understanding.
Our father today.
As President Donald J. Trump takes the oath of office
once again, we come to say thank you,
oh Lord our God.
Father when Donald Trump's enemies
thought he would be down and out,
you and you alone saved his life
and raised him up with strength.
Oh yeah, he got assassinated or attempted to.
Remember that?
Your mighty hand.
I kind of forgot about it.
We pray for President Trump
that you'll watch over, protect, guide, direct him.
Give him your wisdom from your throne.
Hey Obama.
We say to bless him and that our nation
has ever been a better time to say thanks Obama.
We also ask that you have blessed and protect Melania
as First Lady.
We thank you for the beauty, the warmth and grace
that she shows not only to this nation
but to the whole world.
We thank you for Vice President-elect J.D. Vance
and his wife Usha and their young family.
It's amazing you got to do that
with a straight face.
The case they're thanking you.
Hold up his arms like Aaron held up arms of Moses
in the midst of battle.
The Prophet Samuel reminded the people.
It was you that brought them up from the land of Egypt.
And he said now, stand still.
I feel like I'm looking at my little black book
all in one room.
This is crazy.
This is a lot for you.
I'm sure Liliana.
Very much.
A lot of financial opportunity.
Thank you for the protection, the bounty,
the freedoms that we so enjoy.
We remember to keep our eyes fixed on you.
And may our hearts be inclined to your voice.
We know that America can never be great again
if we turn our backs on you.
We ask for your help.
We pray all of this in the name of the King of Cambridge,
the Lord of Lords, your son, my savior
and my redeemer, Jesus Christ, amen.
Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome
Associate Justice Kavanaugh
to administer the Vice Presidential Oath of Office.
Taking their time.
Raise your right hand and repeat after me.
I, James David Vance, do solemnly swear.
I, James David Vance, do solemnly swear
that I will support and defend
the Constitution of the United States.
That I will support and defend
the Constitution of the United States.
They couldn't even make JD Vance.
All enemies, foreign and domestic.
You just get to pick up, Mike.
All enemies, foreign and domestic.
It's not a case. I know that must be upsetting
for you to not be Mike appropriately.
I'm right next to you.
How am I him?
That's a great question, but you are.
Did I take this obligation freely?
Did I take this obligation freely
without any national reservation?
Who was this lady?
Who was this little lady in the red sweater?
For a purpose of evasion.
For a purpose of evasion.
And that I will...
Oh, that's JD Vance's mom.
And that I will well and...
I'm surprised she showed up
after he called her like a crack addict
for 30 years to make his career.
I'm on which I'm about to enter.
On which I'm about to enter.
So help me God.
So help me God.
I think it was a meth addict, not crack.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Gentlemen, please welcome Chief Justice Roberts
to administer the Presidential Oath of Office.
All right.
Let's run it back again.