I'm Papito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Sweet sweet death please take me oh god please take me.
We're live in ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one.
Oh yeah, it's Tuesday. There's no stopping us today.
What do you even do?
What can even be done about it?
Hope everybody's doing well?
I'm doing great.
That's good, I'm glad to hear that Papito.
I had a big bag and some butt chips.
It was awesome.
What are butt chips?
Do you have to ask me and you don't know?
Yeah.
You don't already have butt chips.
I'm sorry, I am.
Can we start not to start the stream with butts and whatever else?
No.
No.
Whoa, we can't do that case.
That's not an option.
Wow, chips with Alesta?
That's correct.
That is correct.
It's so close I mean.
No, bring it back.
Hello everyone, I am a train.
What's Papito?
I don't know why Papito's over there.
Papito, can you stay in your usual spot?
No.
Good to see everyone.
I was going to welcome everybody but then the hype train showed up early.
Actually, I'm right on time.
That's how that works.
When the train shows up, that means it's time.
Hello everyone, the mighty Osprey Gan, the Citrix Card King,
Metal Cast, Greg to you.
Vink, 218, live in Sleazy the Master Mod,
Funnel Red, Citrix, Dufus, Knife.
Listen up Jack, skimmer just my Majan, 300 shiny tasty corns,
and I've been dying to say this.
I'm appointing you to my ex-presidential panel hype train.
Mostly we watch Matlock and judge Tattoos and Pearson's on youth.
I'm already doing that.
Thank you for your official appointment to the most important position in the-
Oh my god!
Listen up Jack, give a trash just for an enterprise for the money buck.
And man, I probably shouldn't say this but hype train, Pippet of the Year 2028,
get on board, get in the hole of the wall, Jack.
Guys, we hit the hundred dollar donation thing.
Oh, fuck, I hit the laugh meter button. It doesn't work at all.
Hype train, you made us hit too many buttons over here.
Where's the laugh meter?
What the fuck?
What?
There's supposed to be a meter but I haven't fixed it yet.
It's on the list.
How long has that been?
It's real long.
150 of my streams?
What?
Also shout outs once again.
For that, for Melody Von Torture for making a case Blackwell or Bin themed Mega Man game.
Probably more of the second one.
Uh, crazy.
Was I in it?
You might be in it eventually.
Go check out the YouTube stream if it's still up.
Not getting copyright struck all the time.
But there was a whole game I was really bad at.
So any game?
Yeah, but a specific game I was bad at in this case.
Hype train, do you need to wrap today?
Can you just say thank you?
I can't even think of a type of beat that I could rap to.
That's fine, you don't have to rap every time.
I don't know Chad, is there even a beat out there that a type of beat that I could rap to?
Butt chip tunes?
I don't... where's your voice?
It, it, where's your voice go?
In a case.
I don't know what's going on with the hype trains.
What?
Voice.
You know what, just to prove.
That really all that matters if you type in a YouTube is beat.
I'll type in butt chips beat and see what we get.
Hmm, you know what?
That didn't actually work.
I didn't really get what I was looking for here.
Not that Jezebel article either.
Shut your ugly ass up.
Turns out butt chips, butt chips beat doesn't have any beat results.
There might actually be no butt, what if I type in butt chips trap beat?
Maybe that's the trick.
Oh, this is a hot chips type beat.
This is, that's not what we've been looking for.
This is what we've been looking for.
I've tricked, can you get to thinking on these subs before you disappear?
Hmm, no case.
I'm actually more likely to exist than ever in all these hot subs are pouring in all the time in the world.
Look at this beat.
This is a brutal one.
Yes.
What?
It does, man.
Butt chips, they the best.
Crunch em up, baby.
This beat is a mess and I'm about to mess it up like I'm spread a bunch of Legos on the floor like I'm a kid that just made a bunch of mess with Play-Doh.
I'm nasty with it.
I make the beat so boom, fap.
Every time that I'm in my room I make a fucking mess because yes, I'm the best.
Hype train, yeah, I'm the king of the west, also the east, the north, and you know that the south is the best shit to ever come out of my mouth.
That's a nasty butt chip type beat.
Hype train, white to a leap.
I don't even need no fucking feet.
I'm still running, running, running these streets on a track beat.
Thank the subs.
I gotta warm up to a case.
For how long?
Um...
Let me check the schedule again.
It looks like I might get to it at about 11 or maybe 12.
Maybe noon, maybe midnight.
I'll be feeling way too tired.
I might get to thinking subs by the end of the night.
Or maybe y'all just keep it tight, baby.
In the gym and I'm putting up weight.
What does that have to do with thinking the subs?
No, my beat!
No!
Case, bring back my beat!
No, my beat!
This is the beat that has now come up.
We're on a different side of YouTube trap beats now.
Honestly, a side that I like more.
It's time for us to have a real good day.
We'll beat eating butt chips in the backyard all day.
At a buffet, yay.
I'm like the feature on this because there's already a singer.
That's not...this is someone's actual song, Men I Trust.
Which is not an appropriate title for a hype train song.
This is a goofy, ah type beat called clowning.
I think this is better for you, hype train.
Yeah, that was an angel voice.
But I'm actually from hell, so I don't have time for that.
I actually guess I'm trying to think the subs.
If you could stop distracting me, that would be real nice.
But I got a lot of names to think and that's not a prank.
I'm in the fucking baby baby and I got a big thing.
Can this feel right up?
What?
I say this feel right up.
Go right up.
And it feels nice cause I love the thing that beats.
And I love to think the subs.
And I'm gonna say the names I wish I were a show of love.
I'm gonna say them all right now.
Okay, do you know what?
Say them!
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna say a name.
Oh my god.
I'm gonna do it right now.
Degaddon Twitch, bend to the moon.
Baby, you know Kay stays in the same room.
But I think someday he might make it to space.
Because honestly, that rhymes with Kay's.
Shut up.
No, I will never do that case.
Betcha TK, three months, baby.
That's looking real nice.
Hype train getting hype.
Every time your Phoebe subs, it's bringing me to life.
And that's a simple fact, baby.
And you know what it is.
Bottle sprouts, 100 bits.
That's how I live.
We got Maladale still giving them hell.
The tattoo, Matt.
You know that it looks well.
Where's that tattoo case?
It's in transit.
It's gonna take like a month and a half or some reason.
Such a clocks.
Hype train out on the other clock and stop.
I got the mighty eyes.
100 bits, so nice.
Skymer 300, yes, looking so bright.
They said I'm a point and you done my presidential hype train panel.
Yeah, they did it.
And you know what's up?
Apple, Apple, 100 panthers and no subs.
But that's fine.
Because bundle sprout is backing it up with five community subs.
And I'm shouting it out.
We got Giggle Trash one bit, butt chips.
That's fine.
Hype train.
Yeah, you know that.
I'm gonna stay on mine.
Superbeast 67.
What's that?
39 months.
They've been betting that they're gonna keep on this train for the rest of their lives.
That's right.
You put the ticket and now you win.
Side and there's no escape.
This is the hype train case.
Ooh, baby, this is the place where you die.
What?
Take the subs.
Then you said I'm gonna die?
In you?
Maybe that maybe I'm like the guy that ferries you across the river Dix.
Stix.
You don't know.
You've never been to hell.
Maybe that's what I am case you've been talking to fricking the chair chair chair and chair
chair chair and chair and is the name of if you're the name of the name of the
person ferring you across river six would be hype train if it's you.
Unless they call me Sharon when I'm doing it.
Get ready to get ferried to hell courtesy of the hype train.
You're claiming you ferry all the souls to hell.
Yeah, just like in Greek mythology.
You don't even know what mythological figure you are.
I'm like a I'm an update baby.
I'm a modern version of that.
So I don't need to know that bullshit.
Well, thank you for finally thanking all the subs.
I hope you didn't miss anyone while you were rapping about mostly butchips and how good I am.
The train version of skill and car car car bib bib bit.
Carib this car bib.
Car bib.
How do you get past Cerberus?
You got to watch.
You got to watch.
YouTube shorts with him and his algorithm is not good.
So most people don't make it.
It's like mostly.
It's mostly like those AI animals and then also occasionally just violence.
Just people getting hurt badly.
That's the that's the YouTube shorts.
Algorithm of Cerberus sucks.
He's got three heads.
They've all got different tastes.
They're constantly arguing and he doesn't use he doesn't use tiktok or Instagram.
It is straight YouTube shorts.
That sounds really bad.
It's hell.
It's not supposed to be good.
It's not supposed to be great.
Giggle Trash.
Yeah, that's I think that's fine.
I think that's fine.
Giggle Trash thank you so much for the gifted sub to MSG MSG.
Thank you for the insane watch streak.
Your ability to keep up with my completely inconsistent schedule.
Makes you a true hero.
Hero.
Hero's never died.
Thank you for saying that.
I'm just saying.
I lived it.
Oh, Kendall's back everyone.
She has to immediately go to a party.
So there's no time.
Someday she's got to do a dance off that she doesn't know is going to happen.
Because I didn't tell her.
But she's going to do it.
Right.
Why would she not do it?
Nah, she's going to want to do it.
Anyway, let's get into the news.
That seems like a good enough warm up to then talk about meaningful world events.
What are the lives hanging the balance?
I'm getting.
I'm just looking for the answers case.
I'm going to keep leaning on that forever.
Regardless, it's.
Oh my God, there's almost a 30 minute scrum wrap.
What kind of idiot made that sub goal?
Well, it's we're not there yet.
Fortunately, right now what we're at is news time.
You called it.
You knew it propaganda.
You know me too well.
You just can't resist a nice and juicy news day biting into that big old flank cut of news.
Barely cooked bleeding news.
Fully raw.
Hi, hello, it's Jeff Ripple.
I'm Jeff Ripple.
At this music off.
There's no time.
There's not.
No, there is actually.
I didn't even.
You didn't type in a headline for me.
Get on it case.
What's going on?
There we go.
That's a headline case.
It's been a bad week for you.
Yeah, maybe you haven't earned a headline.
I earn it every time I step to this.
Microphone.
Are you doing okay?
It seems like you're struggling.
Jeff, I get it.
I've accepted how I look.
Okay, but I'm not JD Vance.
I'm just double checking that you're doing all right because you are.
And you've been having a rough time out there.
You seem to be messing it all up.
Well, I mean, I agree with you that JD Vance is doing that.
We're saying the same thing.
I should grow up the Wolverine mutton chops.
I guess I could just give myself different facial hair.
And then I'll look like JD Vance with different facial hair.
Don't you ever get tired of this bit?
Do you?
It's a good question.
Anyway, JD has been having a bit of a rough one out there.
It doesn't seem like the peace talks went his way.
No, he said it's worse for...
Do we have the clip?
Do we have the clip?
JD, this is the last week's...
This is tired news already.
This is last week's stuff.
Yes, everybody.
This is already last week's stuff.
But let's see if we can run through JD's week.
Just as a way to summarize the news we've missed.
That's the good news.
The bad news is that we have not reached the agreement.
And I think that's bad news for Iran much more than it's bad news for the United States of America.
So we go back to the United States having not come to an agreement.
We've made very clear what our red lines are,
what things we're willing to accommodate them on,
and what things we're not willing to accommodate them on.
And we've made that as clear as we possibly could.
Do you think this is older JD Vance?
Traveled back in time to try to prevent him from making the same mistakes?
I don't look that much alike.
Honestly, all white guys look like JD Vance to me.
You're a white guy.
No, I'm actually in the camp of beautiful man.
That's outside of racial considerations.
So this isn't old JD Vance come back in time?
Um...
You know what? Yes, it is, Jeff.
I thought so.
Good. And they have chosen not to accept our terms.
Questions.
And then there were no questions.
There's really nothing to say.
He got a failing grade on his report card and he's grounded.
And by that I mean he then went straight to Hungary to try to support Victor Orban in his bid to remain...
I thought he was a dictator.
He was elected president.
He just had been president or sorry, prime minister for like five terms.
It was gonna be five terms.
And then something went wrong.
Even though they sent JD Vance on the campaign trail in Hungary,
somehow it didn't work out.
This JD Vance in Hungary.
Okay.
It's ringing.
Don't worry everyone.
Oh.
And that's what happened.
If Trump was like smarter, I would say he's really 4D-chessing this into ruining JD Vance's life
and any chance of future prospects at running for further public office.
But I think JD Vance is doing this all on his own.
I mean granted, they're giving him like the shit sandwiches they usually give vice presidents to eat.
To, I guess theoretically run cover for the president, but there's no covering Trump in this case.
He's fucking up too hard.
And then on top of that JD Vance is somehow fucking up even louder, which is really impressive.
He's kind of good at it.
He also apparently is getting heckled now.
This is him at really what should be his future base, an event for his future base, a Turning Points USA event.
So if you want to complain about what happened,
why don't you complain about Joe Biden and the last administration.
We're the administration that solved that problem.
And by the way, not only was our administration, like the administration that solved the problem,
but the president, excuse me sir, right now, right now, you see more humanitarian aid coming in the guys.
So that it has any time in the past five years because
you know traditionally a good way to shut down hecklers is to be like I'm the one with the microphone.
So you know I'm the one that can talk you down.
But he pretty much beat him with three lines, three words.
I think that the I'm saying the heckler won that debate because they killing children.
Yeah, they're doing that.
So it's really hard to come back with a well, hey, Biden killed children too, which is true,
which is 100% true.
But I don't think that works when you know one of the most well known news stories in the start of the war with you
immediately murdering hundreds of little girls.
Guys, it's going in today.
Oh yeah, that's cheese.
We're sending it.
Listen up Jack, keep a trash just philanthropies three money buck.
And man, I probably shouldn't say this, but yeah, took a big fat ice cream con.
My man's that's an accurate pronunciation of Joe Biden says, Mr. Oh my God, we've got two debates.
My man's killed.
Oh God, that is a dark one.
Reverie Wolf will do it.
We'll do it, I guess.
Oh, can we do that one?
That's a rough thing to talk about for even two minutes.
I also don't know what the previous debate was now, but there's two debates locked and loaded.
So we'll see.
We'll see how they can broach that particular subject.
I mean, they're both doing it.
So if the emperor is wearing no clothes, who looks better naked, you know,
it's not a very good analogy, Jeff.
I'm trying.
Are you excited to try to talk about that for a while?
Yeah, that'll be, yeah, that'll be a thing we'll attempt to do.
The point is this is this is driving towards a singular point.
No, not really, but it seems that JD Vance is having a rough week.
Victor Orban lost the election despite that incredible campaign stomping that we just showed you a clip of his own base is yelling,
you're murdering children at him.
The talks in Iran failed, although maybe they're resuming, hopefully.
We're blockading a blockade.
You can you can blockade a blockade.
Is that like triple stamping a double stamp?
It turns out you can do that.
You can dare.
You can double you can triple dare a double dare.
You can keep running up the ladder of dare escalations until you're just blockading the blockades blockade.
So it's been a rough week for JD.
Is my only point.
I'm doing fine.
I'm doing fucking great.
Actually, you're the one.
You're the one having a bad week.
We didn't ask to see JD Vance today.
Did we?
I just need a quiet place to clear my head.
And your stream is essentially, you know, like the the negative zone where no one exists.
No one's here to watch me work through my stuff.
JD, um, you know, if you got a.
Do that.
Could you just do it quietly in the corner?
I'm being very quiet, but you keep talking about me.
Keep talking about, you know, you don't go into a.
Dick sucking anonymous meeting with your mouth wide open.
What?
You don't poke the bear in his asshole and then say and then say, did this bear shit in the woods?
What are these analogies exactly?
You don't kill six birds in a bush.
And then roll around in the corpses like a dog.
You can't make a stone come.
Man, I'm having a rough one.
Let me just listen to my tunes and chill out.
Okay.
These are your tunes.
This sucks.
There's better emo than this, JD.
This is my generic emo.
Is it loud?
Can you, um, can you pretend to be my dad and punish me for getting a bad grade on my report card?
Me?
No, the handsome one.
JD, I look a lot like you.
I said, I said what I said.
That would help.
You just pretend to be my daddy and tell me that I don't get to use the bathroom for a week because of what I did.
Sorry, Kendall's calling.
Yeah, one second.
Yes.
Kendall needs me to tie something up.
You always be to tie something out or not now, but soon.
JD, I don't, I'm sorry you're going.
I'll do it case.
JD.
Yes, daddy.
I saw your report card.
What, but I hid it in the secret pocket in my backpack.
I know where that is because I bought the backpack.
Oh my fuck.
Language young man.
Look, a B minus no worse.
A D worse and F worse.
I saw in your report card, you burned down the school.
Oh man.
Okay.
Um, so that's unacceptable behavior.
And, um, I'm sorry.
And you're grounded.
Oh, the bat.
You can't use the bathroom for a week, but I got to go right now.
Um, no, hold it.
Okay.
I guess I'll just be in my room then.
Um, yes, be in your room.
Okay, but I, I hate you.
I hate you.
You're never around.
I'm sorry.
I'm busy doing better things.
Okay.
I feel much better.
What?
I feel much better.
Thank you.
Hoorah.
Let me do the Matthew McConaughey thing from, um, that movie about the guy who's good at Wall
Street.
And then he does a King Kong.
I can't remember the movie exactly.
I've only seen YouTube clips.
It's mostly my YouTube shorts algorithm is Matthew McConaughey clips from that movie.
He's in like one scene.
Yeah, it's mostly the one scene.
And you know I even remember it.
I feel much better.
A couch with Wall Street.
Is that a movie?
Is that a movie?
Did somebody make that?
Propaganda, did somebody make that?
Yeah, this is JD Vance.
Not cases brother.
Not your brother.
Doesn't even recognize JD Vance.
I have beautiful blue eyes actually.
So they're very subtly blue.
Yeah, subtle blue beautiful eyes.
They go perfectly with my coat, which is my coat.
Okay, JD.
Thanks.
Thank you.
Kendall needs us to tie something.
Oh my God.
You want to show Chad?
Uh, zip me up first.
Damn.
I meant in the future.
Hypothetical zip up future.
I have to tie this.
I have to tie this.
You want me to do it in a specific way?
Your sister can probably do it.
I did it guys.
Double, I did a double knot.
Okay, am I about to go away?
Whoa.
It's unfortunate.
Yeah.
Formal addition, Kendall.
But I'm not invited to the party.
So I'll just be here.
Me too, man.
You know, it is just this boys commiserating JD.
We're moving on.
Green screen didn't mess with the fit.
It's two's.
It's a slightly off green dress.
New egg and sea dragon.
No, this is a friend's party.
So yeah, it's a party.
It's a Tuesday party and LA we kind of party, you know, parties are whenever you want.
It's big time Hollywood stuff.
Is Kendall going to the White House ballroom?
Is that opening?
Opening night of the White House ballroom that I miss it.
The entire country has been just waiting with bated breath, not even breathing.
Do I need to hold my breath dad?
We're done with that JD.
Go to your room and do the things I said.
Okay.
Anyway, that's I guess.
See, look, I don't look that much like him.
Show us the angle case.
I would need to be.
No, look, I'm looking smoother and younger.
Guys, the proof here is that I'm looking smoother and younger.
The point is, I guess that he had a bad week.
He had a bad week and look, I know that the not everybody loves JD Vance.
Lord knows I hate working with case.
But I think at this time.
We can say, what can we say?
Whoops.
You hate to see, you just see some aspect of this.
And you can decide.
Thoughts and prayers is ultimately what we're saying.
Yeah, the thinking and praying is happening.
Last bit of executive branch news before we move on to whatever chat shared.
Speaking of thoughts and prayers.
There you go.
Your thoughts and prayers have been answered.
This is all right. This was also over the weekend or Monday.
I can't remember. Honestly, I can't even keep up.
But this was posted by the president.
Not that anyone should really be surprised, but I think some of his core base was actually somehow surprised by this.
And being like a king or Tony Stark or normal looking or whatever other AI things he's posted.
Didn't quite get them as much, but this one seems to have actually somehow upset his.
I will not as core fan base. I think this is just what they see him as, but.
It's a doctor. Yeah, the fucked up the sad part is this is Trump as a doctor.
It's all computer in there. That's correct.
Yeah, this is Red Cross. Dr. Trump.
That is what he said. I don't have the clip here, but.
That's a quote that this is just him trying to be a Red Cross doctor.
Who hasn't who hasn't tried to put on their red flowing Cape.
Grab their glowing lights.
Balb. Yeah, he's holding a light bulb to.
To check if the patient's outputting electricity and they are.
And then grab their support doctors that happened to be floating ghosts.
Also, what's going on with these planes? No one's mentioned that this plane is also a bird.
People have mentioned that I'm assuming that there's a plane bird.
It's an Anomorf plane that's stuck between plane and bird.
We've unlocked the technology for Anomorf plane.
I wish I could zoom in. Maybe we can we zoom in on this?
Let me see.
Can I get this bad boy in its own tab?
Look at this plane bird. What's going on with this guy?
Did they just accidentally leak some secret new tech?
Is this the F 35 million?
Because it's looking great.
It's a dolphin. Even better, a sky dolphin.
I guess it does look a little bit more like a dolphin.
So it looks like maybe the top of the...
Does this look a little clipped? Did somebody blow up the flame on the stick and chew of liberty?
Look, they're doing their best. Look at this guy.
He loves the president.
They saw all the fun that Iran was having with AI and they were like, come on.
Let us in here.
And I don't think they quite get it. I don't think they quite get the propaganda vibes of Lego Iran videos.
Maybe they can make the president rap? Can we release a version of this where he's rapping about not being Jesus and being a Red Cross worker?
Maybe. The Five Horsemen.
Oh, shit. Is this the Five Horsemen up here?
Yeah, I'm not going to say who's who, but respect to wrestling legends, of course. The Five Horsemen.
All of them up here.
So anyway, that's in addition to talks falling through us seemingly blockading a blockade for whatever reasons, then talks possibly resuming.
Everything is so seated, it's moving according to its usual stupid pace of terrible decisions.
That's my main take on the news. Great.
But we got some comments as well.
There's comments, don't worry.
These might be from last week. Hey, bagel, have you ever bet on pop? This is from the bagel one.
This is a question for the bagel. I don't. I can't speak on behalf of the bagel.
Apparently you can bet on anything as long as it's breathable. That's a poly. They're talking about polyester.
Is that a new betting platform? Propaganda is making me think yes.
Thank you.
Boyfriend duties, guys. It was so easy.
Usually those are hard.
I did it like a real pro. It was very impressive.
Really good stuff, man.
It's great to support your partner.
Okay, JD.
Okay, sorry. One way to win void pizza eating contest is to use the double card.
Then choose three or four if he selects a one or two card.
Oh, but I think that's the noid pizza eating contest. That's some advice for if we ever play the noid 2D SNES game. Genesis?
I don't. All I know is hopefully we don't play it again, but you never know.
You're a bagel where is your hole? Great question.
If you're a bagel where is your hole? Still a great question.
Straight up for moves already closed again because of Israel breaking ceasefire.
That's remains, I guess, more true than ever. It's double closed now.
Hungry JD Vance can't close the deal. He's hungry. All right.
USVP can't be away from his couches for more than 24 hours without losing his goon powers.
Would the goon powers have helped the talks?
Maybe it took 24 hours for him to get to the talks.
And so he lost his powers by the time he arrived. That'd be so sad.
How come Jesus didn't have a bucket of chicken in his hand?
That's sacrilegious. Are we sure there's no bucket in here?
There are no bucket at all?
Maybe this is a glowing chicken.
Look at this lady. She's so happy too. Who's this guy?
This guy's a veteran in case you're worried. I guess this is his wife.
The planes are bird plane. They do have feathers.
Guys, we need to have this energy going into 2026 for the rest of the year.
Just adoration. Just loving blank face adoration.
That is what this country needs to heal. This guy looks a little upset.
The veteran honestly is looking a little upset.
But look, I can't do it all.
Goodbye!
Wow, bye!
I'm stuck here. Not going to a party.
Did you want to go?
I honestly don't entirely know what the party is. But I do feel left out.
That's unhealthy case.
You need to be separate people sometimes. That's not true.
That's not true.
Okay, wait. How many more comments do we have?
No other ethnicities in the Trump Jesus picture.
Okay, let's double check.
We have to double check this every time there's a related question.
Well, we don't know the ethnicities of all of these ghosts.
They look probably white, fair enough.
But they're stone ghosts.
So their skin pigmentation has become ghost stone.
So we can't be sure.
And, you know, they could probably get away with claiming that one of these is Latino.
One of these people.
Um...
And actually, this guy in the bed is black.
It's just that when Trump holds up his magic light to people,
unfortunately, they turn white.
Oh, that's how that works.
That's Trump Jesus lore.
His only miracle is turning everyone white, unfortunately.
That does seem like what he'd like to do.
So I guess that adds up.
Yeah.
Okay. Oh wait, no, we still have more comments.
The Pope is weak on crime.
Oh, he's also mad at the Pope. Sorry, I forgot to mention also.
They're beefing with the Pope now.
Isn't JD Vance Catholic?
Recently.
Yes. Yes.
For some reason, all conservatives decided that the cool-tread thing to do is to become Catholic.
And now they're remembering, I think, that part of the reason everyone in the country became Protestant was to not
have to feel beholden to the Pope.
Sort of easier. You just sort of cutting them out of the financial arrangement,
cut the Pope out of the take, so that we can all worship money like reasonable Protestants.
And unfortunately, they lost sight of that and they'll be Catholic again.
And now they're remembering all at once.
Old Dukey Thomas says, wait, so he's Mormon or LDS?
Whichever one wanted to turn black people white so they could go to heaven?
Yeah, he's all of them rolled into one.
He's the great unifier of racist religions.
Maybe you're high and made that up?
That's mostly what we do on this stream, I'm assuming.
I'm actually sober on every single stream, surprisingly.
I thought that was the angels that refused to fight the devil and were turned back.
I can't confirm or deny it this time.
These brave floating...
Only some of them have wings.
Some are just kind of rocketeering up in the sky.
So I thought she was telling you to put the pearls on yourself.
No, unfortunately.
Although I do have a necklace that Kendall got me on.
So no cross on there, unfortunately.
Then you're unqualified to talk about the Pope.
Okay.
Chat news?
I guess let's come back to chat news.
We always say we're going to do that and then we don't.
But maybe on this stream we can actually cycle through things with some amount of speed.
We'll get these debates out of the way.
One of which we'll say is a tricky needle to thread.
Hey, I put that pearl necklace on Kendall no problem.
You know what? I should say that differently.
But let's just move on and set it's time for Munch and Crumb.
Yes. This is a debate that we have for us today.
There's no debating this.
Everyone wishes Crumb was dead, but unfortunately he's here.
He's trying to cut right to the chase lately.
Wishing death upon me.
I say boo to that. What was the previous debate?
Because there was a debate requested before this debate.
And then this debate was auto-filled into this slot here.
But there was a debate called a breather debate before we have to talk about dead children.
You're afraid to talk about dead children in the context of this very important show that we do?
Yes.
Admitting you're afraid. That's cowardly.
Actually, sometimes it's the bravest thing you can do.
You can't be brave if you're not afraid.
What movie did you hear that in? Oh, like 10 or 12 of them?
I'm assuming it's true. No, it's not true.
You can be brave with zero fear. You just have to do badass shit all the time.
And that counts as bravery. Bravery is doing dangerous stuff.
You can be totally unafraid and do that.
No, that's not brave. That's reckless.
Not if it works out. Bravery has nothing to do with fear.
I think it literally being brave is standing up to fear.
No, it's like doing evil Knievel stuff.
You're going to say evil Knievel wasn't brave?
Well, he was probably afraid. Not if he was high enough.
Well, that means he was running away from his fears.
No, he was bravely doing drugs and then like cocaine and then driving a motorcycle really fast.
The bravest thing you can do.
That's not the debate today.
The debate unfortunately is about children.
The debate before that was are pancakes or cheesecakes a more disgraceful cake because they're not actually cakes.
That is, one could say, a slightly easier debate to tackle.
But I'm of course not afraid and I would never admit to being it because I'm not.
Well, which one do you want to do first?
Um, I guess just, you know, maybe the pancake one. Oh really?
Maybe the pancake one. Sounds a little easier.
Who killed children better pancakes or cheesecakes?
That's a great question.
No, let's just get to that one when we get to it.
Pancakes or cheesecakes? What's more disgraceful?
Um, cheesecakes. What?
Who said you get to pick for?
I am ahead in the playing count and I think cheesecakes are more disgraceful.
Oh, come on.
You're going to make me argue against pancakes?
Oh, well, fine.
Actually, I tricked you.
What do you mean I wanted pancakes the whole time?
I saw it was behind the playing count and I used a little bit of crumb jutsu on your mind.
Secretly, I actually despise pancakes.
That's a little piece of crumb lore for all of you.
You despise, that's the most anti-American thing you've ever said.
Aren't pancakes German or...
Some, you see, it's just people frying fat back in the day and then eventually we added syrup to it.
Look, I'm on the side of pancakes are more disgraceful and cheesecake, look.
I'm not saying it's bad.
Oh, here we go.
Sorry, I got my headband on wrong today.
What is leaking out of your hair?
Look, cheesecakes, pancakes are a breakfast treat.
Okay? Yes, they have cake in the title.
Hotcakes, pancakes, whatever you want to call them, but they're on an island, okay?
Nobody's eaten most of the time like a full chocolate cake for breakfast.
No one's ordering pancakes as a dessert outside of some very depressing late night choices, okay?
But when you order an actual cake as a dessert item and cheesecake shows up,
now you've actually done something pathetic.
Because chocolate cake is right there.
Other cakes?
Yes, other...
No, really, let's be honest.
The only real cake is chocolate cake.
If you're eating a dessert other than chocolate cake, you're essentially compromising.
Which I refuse to do.
And I've certainly refused to compromise to the level of a cake that's actually cheese.
You may as well just be eating a fucking sandwich at that point.
I think you're misunderstanding what cheesecake is.
I refuse to even ever eat it and I will never learn what it is.
Because it is in fact disgraceful to have a lesser version of something.
The only dessert should be chocolate cake with vanilla ice cream.
Sorry, that's just a fact.
Well, look, pancakes shouldn't even have cake in the title.
They are in fact just an excuse to put syrup on something.
If you ever eat a pancake without syrup or butter,
you're essentially just eating dry fried nothingness, alright?
Pancakes are...
They should really just be called...
Um...
The morning...
The morning sac of...
Of b-of bologna.
What?
The pancakes are really just called morning sac of bologna.
We can work on the title.
My point is it doesn't deserve the title of cake
because it's neither a dessert nor a-nor a-item that can stand on its own two feet.
Okay? And I understand.
A pancake doesn't have feet.
But I mean that more in a metaphorical sense.
In case anyone was confused.
How would anyone be confused by that?
I'm just clarifying in case anyone was confused.
Oh!
Ah, shucky corn boys!
Ah, shambalaya!
Jane it!
What is happening to you?
Oh my god, well I win!
You say sambalaya?
I'm just saying some classic curses.
Oh, dingery dudes!
It was close.
It was a tight- it was a tight race.
And a tight fit.
And I couldn't quite squeeze through.
I do think I...
Look, the truth is I do really like pancakes.
You fucking liar!
You made such a point about not!
I actually hate cheesecake.
I'm just saying, I stand behind the things that I say.
I've seen you eat cheesecake.
You fucking liar.
I've never...
There's no proof of that at all.
I've never eaten a cheesecake.
I literally...
You had one this...
You were eating a cheesecake before we went on the air.
You get some delivery as a cheesecake place in Los Angeles
that apparently you really liked.
I can't believe it.
The fucking hoax is...
The crumb hoax is I have to put up with on this stream.
I just mean it...
It just seems like you were so aggressively...
Floating...
An obvious falsehood to me.
You make such a point.
You talk about cheesecake all the fucking time.
You're all your opinions on it.
You literally talk about it all the fucking time.
This is insane.
I can't believe you're lying like this.
You're talking to me about it before the stream!
The bed-dead baby debate?
We're not stalling talking about cheesecakes.
The debate's gone.
Can any debate even happen if it's not on the screen anymore?
Well, look, Trump did it better.
Oh, Jesus.
I was just saying.
If it's gonna happen,
I think Trump did it better.
I don't wanna do this.
It's not a joke.
This is an actual...
Actual children died.
I...
This is not the appropriate form.
Fortunately,
or fortunately,
all debates can be requested here.
So, and because I'm ahead in the playing count,
what am I supposed to say here?
You have to take a side.
You really?
Are you gonna just...
You're gonna cowardly slink away from this important debate?
This is a valid question,
because both killed babies...
Um, look.
Both of these men
have literally been responsible for the deaths of babies.
Obviously, that's true.
That's 100%.
That is a real fact that I am saying.
And so it is reasonable to ask,
who murdered babies better?
Because both of these names,
not Donnie and Joey specifically,
but I'm saying Donald Trump and Joe Biden
are both responsible for murdering actual babies.
And so I'm just trying to get you to admit
that one of them did it better, Crumb.
Um...
Well, look.
Let me just say this.
Obviously, I stand behind
our former president,
Joe Biden,
and a lot of tough decisions have to be made
in the course of running a country.
And I'm also against how the president
is prosecuting the war in Iran,
and some of the choices he's made
in regards to Palestinian people, Lebanese people.
Um...
Obviously, I wish he was prosecuting those things differently.
Um...
And with a question like this,
I think what is important to point out is
nobody wants to see children die in war.
Um...
But if you do see them die,
I think it would only be reasonable to ask,
which president had a healthier attitude
about murdering children?
And I do think that's Joe Biden.
Um...
He had a better...
I think he had a...
I think the way he approached it,
um, I think the way he approached the subject
of murdering children.
This is probably my biggest win ever.
Oh my God.
I honestly, this is probably the win I'm proudest of.
Anybody can do a layup win when it's like,
oh, who would he like better, breadsticks,
or, uh, you know, flatbread.
It takes a real pro, okay,
to just absolutely trounce the field
on the question of who kills babies better.
And that is a munch-cut promise.
I don't make those very often anymore,
but I will win every debate related to murdering children.
A thing that happened.
Ahem.
I feel bad.
And it's not just because
lately I've been farting out hot coals.
I don't feel good about this one.
Get ahead of munch. Good luck.
I'm the fastest in the game.
Fastest mouth in the west.
Fastest ass in the east.
Assed in the east?
You say you're the fastest ass in the east?
Well, like, I see my ass because I'm so fat.
Look, I fucking win.
Yes! Two in a row?
Not that you're surprised I've literally won
every single one in a row.
And that streak continues as I
mount munch looms over all of you.
Like, fucking Mordor, but for the good guys.
A great eye of munch,
watching everybody come up,
lasering hobbits as they approach
hobbits, constantly winning is my point.
We've done it again and I've never felt better
ever about winning a thing that I deserved.
Which of course I always do.
We'll see you soon. Bye bye.
Hi.
Oh man.
Scrum, you don't need to be here yet.
You haven't hit your goal.
I believe that that last segment had a counting issue.
I don't think munch won.
Well, wait, who...
No.
I wouldn't... it would never get it wrong like that.
I would never casually glance at the winner
and completely misread the poll like they often do.
Never have done.
Let's see, let's double check.
Let's run it back.
I'm not gonna enjoy it specifically, but...
Donnie won.
Wait, how was the question phrased though?
Which grandpa hates kids more?
Donnie or Joey?
I think munch was on the side of Donald.
So I think we're gonna say
that's accurate.
Do you demand a recount?
I'm sorry, there's no recounts in politics.
There's never been any famous examples.
That wasn't the question.
I think they were going off the actual question
submitted by Rivery Wolf.
And so because Donnie did win whatever that poll...
however that poll was phrased, I do think that actually makes
munch the winner.
Stop the count.
Nice try on Americans.
Scrum, why are you here? I don't know.
And nor do I care to find out.
Oh.
So I guess we'll sit quietly.
Oh wait, no, it's to watch. You're supposed to read the chat news.
Could you just... there's so much negativity on this stream.
Everybody's always at each other's throats.
You know, it's an angry world.
The pedos pissed off all the time.
I'm so mad.
I'm gonna burp, I'm gonna spray paint my...
I'm gonna eat my bed.
I'm so mad.
See? Do you see what I mean? Can we just bring a little positivity to the world?
No.
Well anyway, this is the chat news. Let's see what kind of stories chat has been sharing.
We missed our Monday stream.
So we've got a whole extra day of news for this week
to potentially recount with a good attitude.
Giggle Trash, thank you so much.
See? See how positive? Thanks!
Way to go!
You just gave a sub to Melody Von Torture.
Real proud of yourself.
Uh, legitimately thank you.
I just did.
I said thanks.
It's not the positivity you crave, case.
It's making things so difficult for no reason.
University breaks world record with 682 people in dinosaur costumes.
Great.
Cool, I guess.
You don't even like this?
Great!
Way to go!
Now there's more dinosaur people than ever.
Well actually the show Dinosaurs was cancelled.
So your idea for society has already been tested.
In the realm of sitcom.
And it failed.
Uh, the show Dinosaurs was a rousing success.
For multiple seasons. All shows have to end scrum.
They probably think they're so cool just because they did a thing as a group.
It's nice. They did it. They did it. Oh my god.
Oh, it's Ben Cooper everybody.
Yes! Okay. Okay!
Oh, sorry Hooper.
I'm Ben Hooper.
Yeah, say it right.
And odds and ends.
A special Friday edition of the UPI All News Minute for April 10th, 2026.
Local authorities descended on a dean Ohio College Friday morning
when an escaped Wallaby went hopping through campus.
Skippy, a Wallaby belonging to Carolyn Reno,
chair of veterinary technology at Sinclair Community College,
broke loose about 8.30 a.m. Friday
when Reno brought him to the school
to invite his students visiting that deaf program.
Reno told WHIO TV that she turned around to close the car
and he jumped up and broke a part as kennel and he took off.
Oh man.
Sinclair College police and other local emergency responders
descended on the school to help wrangle Skippy.
The Wallaby was safely captured outside the Montgomery County
Job and Family Services building after about an hour and 20 minutes on the loose.
Reno said Skippy is not injured but needs some time to calm down
after his adventure.
It's a good Clippy pics.
I'm already showing it this much.
Or clip.
A mystery involving flotation.
What?
A place where the spotted floating down a Michigan river
Wordplay. The wordplay.
It's just so next level.
But its purpose and origins remain a mystery.
Witnesses told WWM TV The Barge
a large flat wooden surface
Oh, got stuck.
...loading the top two blue barrels.
Uh-oh.
Apparently began its Kalamazoo River journey upstream of the Angle Street Bridge
in Battle Creek where it struck the structure before passing underneath
and eventually striking the 20th Street Bridge.
Boom.
The barge, which was first spotted Monday, has remained at the second bridge
where it is now moored with a green strap.
John Connor, who captured photos of the floating object,
theorized it may have originated from an upstream construction site.
Interesting.
But that is actually confirmed.
Connor's photos show the barge was covered in plastic
when it struck the first bridge,
but it has since lost its covering.
It's in the Battle Creek said it is aware of the situation
but has not yet revealed any answers.
Meanwhile, in horror news,
What the heck?
the makers of the video game adaptation of Halloween
gathered horror fans in Boston to break the Guinness World Record
for most people dressed as killer Michael Myers.
Ill-phonic
It's like an old tea party rally.
...compus international pictures and further front
brought 254 people in Michael Myers costumes
to the unveiling of the first playable demo of the upcoming video game
at the PAX East Expo in Boston.
Clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap clap.
That's...
It's just that good.
You can finally agree on something.
We can in this one case that Ben Hooper's the best.
I don't get star struck easily,
but if I ever meet Ben Hooper,
I'm just gonna,
I'm gonna have to let a lot out.
Gonna let a lot of emotions out.
You know what? I agree.
I might get confused if I ever go to like a TJ Maxx,
feel like half the guys are gonna look like Ben Hooper? Yes. But I would know if it's been or not.
I might get confused by them looking like Ben Hooper, but I would feel his soul obviously. Yes.
And you would know. And we can all hope someday. TJ Maxx is dope. And that's probably why Ben Hooper
would be there is my point. Man, we've got a lot of UPI stories today. Probably because Ben Hooper
is linked to on all of their stories. That's why it's such a good news site. Yes.
California Zebra escapes for the second time in four days.
Ah, I bet Ben Hooper talked about this, but we don't have access to that video.
So we'll just have to imagine the types of things he'd say.
What? Does he escape here? Is he out of it?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, no. Is he out of here? Just a horse. Yeah, he looks kind of heavy.
He's wagging your tail. A good scientist. It's a zebra. Okay, they got him.
Oh, oh, you might have escaped off camera there. They did seem to panic.
That should be the general state of all mammals. At all times, the reaper scythe could land on you
and all of us should exist in fear. Okay. Australian man becomes world's oldest grandfather.
That's a pretty good title for a grandfather. He should be proud of himself. How old are we
talking? Is this an expert has been requested of zebras are black with white stripes or black
with white stripes are black with white stripes or black with white stripes. It seems
that the debate has been settled. I'm assuming they meant to swap those, but maybe not. It's hard to say.
It's like where I got you.
Track what you're saying. We'll get to it as soon as we clicked on even more of these
important stories. How many are there? Who knows? Okay, oh my God, these sites are the worst.
Ignore the huge ad that I can't get rid of. Well, just subscribe if you want to keep
reading fortune case from all of cocktails to data center shutdown. The AI backlash is turning
revolutionary. Pardon me feels like the story is still somehow going to be like
revolutionarily successful. The first startups to completely cancel and flame out while maintaining
a $20 billion valuation. Let's read the first paragraph of what fortune has for us here. Oh,
wait, maybe this will get past it. Okay, never mind. I have the technology.
Case is broken there system. Someone threw a fire bomb at Sam Altman's house.
Kind of buried the lead there, I guess. Oh, yeah, I forgot. When our JD news,
in our JD Vance news round up. I forgot the other news of the week that people are firebombing Sam
Altman. Was it Ben Hooper? No. No, he's a force for positivity in this world. What's that face?
Okay, on Friday, a 20 year old man named Daniel Moreno Gamma
saw traveled from spring, Texas to San Francisco, Pacific Heights neighborhood and allegedly hurled
an incendiary device at the gate of open AI CEO Sam Altman's $27 million home. How many millions
do you think he burned down? I don't think he burned anything with the exterior gate.
So I don't know how many millions that counts as. The one was injured, but Moreno Gamma was
arrested approximately an hour later outside of open AI's headquarters where he was allegedly
trying to shatter the building's glass doors with a chair and threatening to burn the facility
to the ground. You know, I will clear the air. I am against throwing Molotov cocktails at people's houses.
So brave of you to say that. I'll be braver to say the other thing. It's just interesting,
given the amount of damage that data centers and AI in general can do to people's lives.
They've technically, Sam Altman has essentially burned down some people's houses
with his various corporate goals. So while I'm not in favor of Molotov cocktailing his house,
it is a little ironic that, you know, he's AI in general and chat GPT and open AI specifically have
created tons of environmental damage, community damage. Just saying, in a sense, he's sort
of throwing Molotov cocktails at people's houses. But in a more literal sense, someone actually threw
a Molotov cocktail at his house. Yeah, that is true. Anyway, it seems don't be exasperated like me.
Gen Z doesn't like AI. This is a story. AI summarize this. AI summarize this story.
How come that doesn't work yet? How come I can't just yell into the air and have it do that?
I mean, to summarize what I'm aware of, a lot of data centers aren't being built.
It seems that there's some cracks, early cracks in what could be a catastrophic AI bubble,
which almost certainly exists. It's hard for me to, I mean, I've seen a couple articles.
There was also an article written this week by the Washington Post, I believe, about how
Sam Altman is essentially a sociopath. What? Our dear sweet Sam? This is a thing you're
probably a little more aware of if you're a poison brain like me, but you know, until the
board voted him out, they voted him out because they claimed he was basically lying to all of them
and telling each of them different things. He seems to be a bit of a mock-a-villain would be too
kind of a term for it. But you know, he's a fucking liar who's used his various corporate
influences to squirm his way up a million different money ladders. And he seemed to be playing
a bunch of people against each other. It seems that his general MO is he'll say whatever he
needs to say to Greece, whatever deal, and he'll tell seven different people, seven different things
in order to jam his agenda through. Giggle Trash, thank you so much for jamming this
gifted sub into the newsosphere. Anyway, it seems like because AI products have been pretty
underwhelming. Sora got shut down. These the two biggest AI company, well, outside of Google,
are rushing to an IPO that will probably lay their insane financials bare for everyone in a more
transparent way than these companies have been run previously. I'm talking about Anthropoc and
OpenAI. If they go public, I'm assuming it could create a fucking disaster because
people will realize they've been dumping billions into a dumpster fire, essentially. So anyway,
we're getting sort of the early inklings of articles about this looming disaster.
That being said, all of this could eventually just get papered over with even more money. They
might just say, fuck it, we're too far in and the various corporate overlords that control these
companies and all these slush funds will just keep dumping money into AI because there's nowhere
else to put it. And at least there's some argument for utility with AI in an abstract sense, assuming
it continues to improve. It could be the future despite there not really being hard evidence for it
being as valuable as it is currently being said to be. So anyway, though I'm saying all that to say,
it seems like there's the potential for a huge AI bubble burst in the coming weeks, months,
year, who knows, but it's really hard to predict because there's so much money invested in it.
There is some legitimate utility to the technology, even though, again, I think it's vastly exaggerated.
It could keep getting propped up for who knows how long. So anyway, I don't know what this
article says, but that's my summary. Thank you for summarizing an article that you did not read.
I just mean that's the general discussion. It's popped already. It's deflating instead of
exploding. Yes, but the thing is there are still huge financial interests pinned to the success of
Google. Google would probably survive open AI imploding, but Google is essentially heavily
invested in open AI. Nvidia is heavily invested in open AI. I think there could be a more
substantial pop than the current deflation that's happening, the slow wheezing
air fart of these companies losing a little bit of their steam and hype.
If Nvidia's financials are exposed to be completely ridiculous,
there was recently Google is making what is it, TPUs now or something instead of GPUs.
Google seems to be ahead of the game a little bit on simplifying how LLMs even work,
which could essentially make all of these huge inflated gluts of money around Nvidia no
longer make sense, which could explode their stock essentially in conjunction with the various
political international conflicts that are straining the global economy already. I just
mean I feel like there could be a more substantial implosion of all of these things at once.
I hope not. It'd be better if there isn't. I'd love to see this just deflate calmly. I mean,
that'd be better for everyone, but we'll all find out together.
RevriWolf says the RAM shortage isn't even real yet. It's all speculation on these data
centers being built, which isn't happening now, at least in the USA. Yeah, I've heard that
as well. Like there were basically handshake agreements which sent RAM prices skyrocketing,
memory prices skyrocketing, but none of them have actually been sold or implemented yet.
It's basically like orders that haven't been fulfilled.
But that's the thing. I suspect the price hikes will be permanent is the problem.
There's just none of these companies are really incentivized by competition anymore to push
the prices down. They basically are just multi-pole monopolies. Nvidia and what's the other big
one? The other big GPU company. Anyway, I don't think those two are really ever going to pull their
prices back down. Yeah, AMD. There we go. Sorry. We still have to live with the bullshit until
they are held accountable. Yeah, you would need both Nvidia and AMD to actually compete with
each other in a more meaningful way and be willing to drive undercut each other's prices,
which maybe they are in an abstract sense. Yeah, WCW would have to get in there as well.
Hollywood Hogan's never going to bring the prices down. He's dead, case. You know what I mean.
Apple bought most of their supply way in advance to get ahead of this instability.
Yeah, I mean, I just like price, RAM prices are insane. Building a PC has never been
more unattainable for most people. It seems like the consumer market for
computing has exploded or imploded, I guess. And I don't, unless there's like a more
significant rupture in the financials of all of this stuff, and essentially these companies
are held accountable to average customers again. It's really hard to predict what's
going to happen. Like it seems like for now, they're going to keep inflating what I still
view as a bubble, even though it does feel like some of the hype is dying down.
I'm saying all this having not even looked at the article really that was linked,
but you know, I do somewhat follow like AI and tech news. To me, it just feels like
the chickens still haven't really come home to roost. And even if they do, I still think,
I'm just concerned. My real feeling is like, I feel like the technology
sector in general is moving away from servicing average customers, and they are all focusing on
enterprise. And I don't see that trend really slowing down in the next like two to three years.
So I don't know where that like so much of people's lives is like built around computers now.
I think it's like a legitimate problem. It'll be interesting if we live in a society where
you can both no longer own a home or own a computer in a world that is built on people sitting in their
homes on computer. I guess you could just rent all of it is the idea. But that is rough. I don't
know how many treats they can deprive people of before there's some real issues. So we'll see.
Just an excuse to bulk everybody out of their money right now. It's a total crash grab.
Since when is bilking such a problem? Some of us are proud bilkers. You even know what bilking means.
If you have to ask me that, then you don't know what bilking means.
My whole family are proud. We're long standing bilkers. I'm a bilking family.
A big girl says, ultra wealthy people have so much money, they don't know what to do with it
besides invest in BS, look at Elon's existence. Yeah, I mean, that's the other thing about the
AI bubble is sort of the tip of a bubble, which in my opinion, there's a much bigger bubble under it,
which is a lot of them. Tesla as a company feels like just a bubble company.
I granted they actually control some real assets that have actual value. At least they still
sell cars. But the valuation of Tesla's never made any real sense to me. And maybe I'm just
woefully naive about the material reality of our country. But to me, it feels like Tesla
is another example of just an insane financially evaluated company that its sheer existence makes
me think, well, how long can they keep this up? And it seems longer than I suspect seems to be
the answer because I would have suspected at some point during Elon Musk revealing himself to be
a ketamine doubt, complete maniac with no tethers to reality at this point and an
incompetent moron willing to drive his company off a cliff multiple times in a row. Like it would
have done something to Tesla as a company and no, it's like mostly been fine. So I don't know.
I just don't know how long sort of these fraudulent, this fraudulent existence can perpetuate itself
for so many of these companies. Like it seems like it's an economy of fraud at this point. So
we'll see. I'm investing all of my money in bubble, bubble.
Oh, bubble, bubble is bubble, bubble publicly available now. Can I also trade on bubble,
bubble? No, bubble, bubble is a closed round of investors, private investments only right now.
Then I'm not going to connect you with my connects on bubble, bubble.
Okay, anyway, sorry. We got I got dovetailed into rant mode.
Thing I have opinion on appeared in chat and I couldn't help myself.
And there's so many more stories to click on to we'll do a couple more.
Be Grendel, I don't know why my alert didn't trigger there, but thank you so much for gifting a sub
to Aramac92. Big Grendel says, I invested all my money in bin big return. Yeah, don't worry.
Obviously, this is a sound investment. And, you know, in our various investment meetings,
I can fill you in on why you should actually be investing more.
And I'll be there as well. Bio luminescent fireworks glow in California water. This is a
little palette cleanser. Mysterious glowing sea creatures caught on video on Long Beach for only
the second time ever. Experts say these bio luminescent fireworms rise from the seabed during
certain moon phases to spawn at the surface. The swan in circles lighting up a mucus trail
that attracts the males. The rare spectacle only lasts for about 30 minutes. And following the
mating ritual, the worms return to the seafloor to build a tube that in which they live until the
next moon cycle. Is that a filthy, disgusting worm come trail? As S1000 is pointing out.
Well, it's a mating ritual, but that doesn't mean they're swimming around in their own glowing com.
Are you sure that's not exactly what it means? No, it's so that then they can do a come.
They're not releasing glowing com and swimming in it. They're showing off their glowing so that
then they can do a come. The story discusses me and I hate the way you've covered it.
Okay, fair enough. Cat stows away for 70 mile ride in Walmart truck. We've got a video.
This is the cat. It stowed away and now it's been caught. And it's being deported.
That is not what the story says. Oh, I just was assuming. I thought we weren't reading stories.
We're just assuming what happens. Well, that isn't what happened in that case. Okay.
And look, we've got a couple more stories here. Some real good,
some real feel good stuff here to bring us back from my AI rants. Let's do these last.
We'll do five more rapid fire rapid fire stories here scrum. You know what to do.
Go out of my land cat. The cat has not been deported. Okay, seems unfair.
Toilet tech is the next frontier of health data, but it might mean putting a camera on your bowl.
That's fine. They could observe if they'd like to. What I do down there, I do correctly.
And I'm not ashamed of the mess I make because I don't make a mess.
You don't mind a camera sticking right at your ass. I don't.
A BM is a normal thing to occur as long as you do it right. And I do the BM right.
Can I show this? Can I show what this lady's doing? Too late.
Urine and stool are some of the oldest biomarkers in medicine, but in an era where
smartwatches and other wearables track everything from your heart rate to sleep cycle,
the toilet has largely been left out until now.
This is a new frontier said cash. Cappadia CEO of Kohler health,
maker of Dakota, a smart toilet tracker. Is there a video of Dakota in action?
Let me see if I can just search Dakota toilet product demo.
See if there's any videos already in circulation of it working.
We can't look at a video, an up close video of someone's whole ass.
Just to find out, just to see a tech demo.
The point isn't the up close shots of people's buttholes. The point is the health benefits.
Well, these two guys can't keep it together. They can't take this story seriously,
which isn't a good start, but let's watch these two men talk about toilets.
Do you want to know what's inside your body and your toilet?
No, don't answer that. Yeah, a new health tracker could do that for you, I guess.
Scrum, these guys are just like us. Oh, they're giggling buffoons,
not taking the subject matter seriously. If I wanted two men to talk about a toilet,
I need them to keep their noses clean and their heads clear. Get it together boys.
Yeah, there's some medical benefits to this, I'm sure, but it is a little bit of a strange
story. We will say that right up front. Doer Israr, talk to the head is a head of design
at Kohler, where the company has launched a tool to help you better understand your stool.
This is the first of its kind. This definitely is the first of its kind.
Is it a camera? Confines of your bathroom.
One of the things that people use the bathroom for is health and wellness.
You can wipe your worries away. We believe that every day people flush away valuable health data.
At least that's what Raphael Rexatch's hope is with Kohler's new health tracker Dakota.
Does it have a camera on it though? And it's very secure.
The tracker is clamped down to the toilet and a sensor points directly at the bowl.
Users can activate Dakota with this remote. So each user could have their own fingerprint
and it securely ties their data to the app. Kohler says in just one to two minutes.
You put a camera in that toilet. Health and hydration will be uploaded directly onto your phone.
It's $600 and production guys for an app that tracks any health concerns for each family member.
So you can have up to six people join and use the same device within your household.
Each person has a duty to take care of their health.
Okay it is a camera.
That says he hopes Dakota people can make meaningful changes to their diets.
Guys the camera was pointed down. So it's just getting shots of your hot turds.
What if they're cold? Maybe that's why you need the app.
Not all turds come out hot case. No they must.
What if you have a very what if you have a cold lizard body and then it puts out hot that
it puts out cold turds. I'm just saying it mostly takes shots of your hot turds and piss.
You have a child's mind. That's literally what it does. It takes shots of your
shit and piss so that it can track your data. And I guess how good it is.
What I'm saying they sound dumb but that is what the story is and it's what the product is.
I think it is kind of they should put a camera to get a shot of your butthole too.
Because what if yeah the live at Lees point what if you got an anus fissure or hemorrhoids.
This thing can tell you right away. It can say hey your asshole looks rough today.
And it can have a nice calming voice. It could have you know
can have the voice of like Maya from the thing that Chet always talks to.
Exactly I can't say it Google trash but you know what I mean.
Okay look I guess we get it. I guess we get it. It's the future.
For the present. You could put this in your toilet right now.
Uh cold dirt life is not available as a twitch username. I'm so sorry skimer.
Someday someday maybe the person will will drop it. You can swoop in there.
Guy Fieri has responded to backlash over meeting Tate brothers at a UFC event.
I don't know them nor do I support them in any way.
Fake friend. Another fake ass friend to file under the fake fuck category.
Whoa calm down. I just hate fake friends that are big fakes.
Where's the video of them chilling. How much is he betraying his boys.
I don't know. Let's see. Let's go to the home of all terrible videos Twitter.
And just search Guy Fieri. Feels great to type that in.
Here they are. And I'll let you be the judge of if their boys are not
chat. They were boys. Um he should probably know who Andrew Tate is.
Would I tap up Andrew Tate. No. Wow. So you're a fake friend too.
I've never been his friend. But that does look like he maybe is meeting for the first time.
So maybe maybe maybe it's fair to be like I don't know who this is.
If I saw Andrew Tate walking around I think at a UFC event I would be like that's definitely
Andrew Tate. So I don't think I don't think that I didn't know him.
Excuse really works. He could have been very drunk. I think he's been drunk for the last 25 years.
So you might not know who anything is. That is very slanderous to say. No I mean because of the
way he looks. He looks like a man who's drunk. He might be totally sober. I think because of
his look his body responds by being drunk. I don't know if he actually drinks.
But he looks like the embodiment of a guy who's been at Buffalo Wild Wings like
under house arrest. Like he has an ankle monitor that keeps him in Buffalo Wild Wings.
So I think his body thus creates alcohol and he's drunk all the time.
Well that's his cross to bear then. Before a viewer is divided over weird as fuck Sidney
Sweeney scene that plays into pedophilic fetish. Padophilic? Oh not is it what's pedophilic.
I'm assuming dog fetish because she was dressed as a dog. I don't think I can even show you
the see I can't show you that. There's some stuff in this video that I can't show you.
But if you watch the scene then you know maybe I can show you Sidney Sweeney dressed as
a dog and a thong. I mean it was on HBO. I did watch the first episode of
Describe there's like a I don't think this was even in the episode but she's dressed as a baby
pointing her whole crotch and you can see her boobs basically so I don't think I can show you.
But she's like wearing a diaper and spreading her legs and pointing her crotch at the camera.
Which seems honestly euphoria's whole fucking aesthetic is like copped from porn. So
I'm assuming that's the appeal of the show. Kendall and I watched
the episode that just came out even though I haven't seen the second season you can't see her.
She's wearing a diaper. It looks stupid. It looks as dumb as you can make a hot nearly nude attractive woman look.
I am not a fan. I don't know the whole show feels disgusting to me. Not because it's pornographic
but because it's like porn trying to masquerade is not porn I guess. They should just release it as porn.
It's basically it's like an exploitation show in every sense of the word.
And the whole first episode just felt like a dumb guy being like. The weird thing is whoever's
shooting the show the director or the senator I don't know who's responsible for the aesthetic.
Like they really do have like a good sense of locking and Miesl and porn. Yeah their Miesl and
porn is strong. Sam Levinson I just don't know if Sam Levinson the one who is as responsible for
the aesthetic or does he work with people that are really good at like an artful porn aesthetic
essentially. He like knows how to frame things up quite well. And I think a lot of the actors
are doing a good job not Sydney Sweeney she's pretty bad unfortunately.
But anyway the material and like the style and just every fucking second of the show is just like
it feels like the director is just kneeling over the editing bay fully bricked up rubbing
in our faces. The whole thing feels fucking disgusting to me. But I don't cast him really
likes it. So I stand by everything I just said Sam Levinson is Barry's son. I don't know.
A lady side trick says I tried making an IRL friend a few years ago and the first thing we
did together was start watching Euphoria. We quickly stopped and also stopped talking to each other.
Don't watch porn with new friends. This is the ultimate show though because there were times when
I was a kid and we'd watch like the Sopranos and there'd be those scenes where Tony's like
hanging out with a bunch of topless girls and thongs and I'd just be sitting there watching
that with my parents like oh man I can't even imagine watching Euphoria with your parents.
Hopefully we're past that era of the family getting together to watch the week's big release
a real big release. I just talking about family stuff.
Watching Sense 8 all the orgy scenes that would be rough too. It's not a good time to
watch shows with your dad or mom is my point and having to watch Sydney Sweeney get dragged around
in a dog collar by Frankenstein by sexy Frankenstein would be that's got to be a real experience for
a 15 year old to go through. I'm assuming though no one is watching Euphoria with their parents.
There should really be a warning on it like hey don't watch the show with your mom and dad.
It may be HBO but it is not that type of prestige anymore.
So anyway my main thing is I did not I don't like dislike on the first on the third season of Euphoria
even though I think Zendaya is doing a good job. I think super tall sexy Frankenstein's
doing a good job. I think a lot of the actors are doing a good job but what happened to my
notifications I'm so sad they're not turning on I'm sorry but Brie Westwood thank you for the community sub
like a caveman you must say it instead of hearing it case I guess my community sub
alerts are busted but thank you Brie Westwood. Spring Breakers was crossing the line hard
I think it's more acceptable in a movie. What's your theater with your mom and dad watching Spring
Breakers? Well you can just sort of exist in a cone of silence but in your living room
watching Euphoria with your mom and dad who's doing this someone's doing it. My heart goes out to
whatever teenager has parents that want to watch prestige tv they throw it on in the living room
and suddenly you're watching Sydney Sweeney doing a baby fetish actually the worst part of the first
episode the most fetishy thing is there's a whole scene where Zendaya and I think a
porn actor who's in a role whose name I can't remember are just jamming
fucking drugs into their mouth like they're their drug mules so they're just jamming like packets of
like fentanyl into their throats with lube um oh my gosh KLD 815 thank you for the community
sub I don't know why the alerts aren't working but it did that did get us there we've achieved
we've achieved 30 full minutes of scrum rapping I suppose if we've hit the goal
what case don't think I can do it no I think you can I think you can do it I do think it might be
I'm thinking it might work best as a Friday achievement achievement unlocked unless people
did hit the sub goal maybe intentionally I just I can't do all of these segments and
uh you know what here we'll do this is this command still work wrap now uh yes no oh wait that's how it is
uh poll wrap now yes no what how did that not work okay let me try this one more time wrap now
yes no oh there we go now you can vote for it guys because it will be 30 minutes of
of x of music which I hate it's a curse on all of you because I'm a lot of people say I'm one of the
best to ever do it but I hate music so I usually I refuse but I suppose looks like we're in luck everyone
what they don't want to see it right now a lot of no scrum you don't know who to vote since I don't
know which one munch is backing don't worry I'm sorry this is a the rare non-munch and crum poll
I mean it's because they want to clear their calendars and tell their friends
that it's happening that's why you got to make it an event you can't just be given this stuff away
oh god uh uh oh swung in the other direction I forgot that these polls are open to channel
points so really anyone can swing it any one person can swing it anyway
interesting maybe the event is that it has to happen right now oh my god we're never doing this in
circled thing I've been really taking my time with this news too damn sorry that I create such a
fun chill vibe that you just want to hang out with the case yeah that's really rough on me scrum
it's very close it is surprisingly close just warm up my rhymes cat spat nat josh plat I know I think
you're gonna be safe it's very close you said I need to be ready at all times despite hating music
can you cover the story really quick while we wait for the poll to finish a syringe reuse at
Pakistan hospital infects 331 children with hiv anyway will I be rapping today
no you won't darn it might be because I read that really upsetting news about hiv and children
no I think people are just you know they probably don't need to hear you rap for 30 minutes ever
but we're gonna make it happen anyway but we're gonna do it Friday thank you Matt for being a
real fan and a real friend unlike the guy fairies of the world but I was jokes on you because I didn't
want to I didn't want to and now I never will I think we're gonna do it Friday I'll be doing it Friday
I've decided I will be doing it Friday so yeah we'll do uh it'll be the DJC for almost
we're almost back to doing that again let's not end on that story about babies a lot of
baby death today maybe we end on a well not really a positive story but you know this also happened
over the last couple days Eric Swalwell resigns from you up Eric Swalwell resigns from US house
after sexual misconduct allegations yes the swall the swallest well has been banished
for he didn't do it he's saying he didn't do it but he is resigning just because he's he
apologized to his wife didn't do it apologize to his wife for I guess make it seeming like he did it
but he didn't do it hmm it's rough how you have to resign over all those things you didn't do
yes another uh just another congressperson uh you know seemingly abusing their staff
assuming they can sleep with any woman who works for them and being accused of straight up
you know what I should get this right but I do think he was accused of uh yeah he was accused of rape
so good riddance I guess doing congressional things don't say it like that in this context
please that's the only way to say things things yeah well anyway um maybe someday maybe someday we
can elect guys that don't try to sleep with women 20 years younger than them that work for them
that'd be like a nice start or just full on you know rapists it'd be nice if we could stop electing
those but uh hey good to see him get the ousting I guess how much do I have to pay to abuse your
staff not well it turns out it turns out you can be a total fucking idiot have very little charisma
and be in congress and abuse your staff I thought those were the qualifications to be in congress
it might be uh young guns blown smoke up his ass he's gonna back into some shit and just
he's got a bunch of young guns blown smoke up his ass wait who what happens I fall behind chat too easily
uh watch the live stream of a potential jumper potential jumper live oh there's a possible
jumper in Fresno oh and this is sort of the national character right now hashtag mood you know what I mean
okay well I hope they didn't this is a this stream isn't live exactly maybe I can see the moment where
she hopefully gets down or or he okay it looks like they didn't it looks like they did not so
we're gonna count that as good news it's a she just double checking that I didn't show you guys
in a pre snuff video but I didn't looks like looks like it was a potential not realized in a positive
way for once that's the right mode to end on is the unpositive realization of potential
could be the new title for my stream that's a win that's what you got as a win for the day
I miss when the only live news we dealt with was the anti-cleveland hype train
we've always waited into the most depressing of news stories even when it was Fiona and I sitting on
a couch we just go whoa we still pretty I still pretty much do the same thing just without Fiona
I've never said whoa ever I've never said whoa we still talk about Cleveland and pissed too I'm
just saying you know I didn't forget where I came from claiming you're not a fake friend I am
a fake friend I am not a fake ass one I'm not a fake ass fake is all I'm saying
the negotiator should be a network TV series 22 episodes a year of jumpers being talked down
this one didn't even have the audio of this person being talked down anyway I'm glad that
that that they were and let's move on to more discongruous things okay
let's see if this segment works at all it's always up in the air but maybe we'll be in luck
apparently it's one case first 30 Jan the interns that haven't been paid let's see how it goes
I just think soda is better without ice I just think you should be dead music is bad and it's bad for
you what a sock on the door means a crime is happening okay but I don't really get where I am
why am I purple damn it okay first I gotta fix this fortunately when I'm the one on the
chopping block here I can just fix all this tech stuff real quick okay let's see if we can make this
fit I'm just gonna go with one case first 30 unpaid jans okay yeah now that fits exclamation
point cc by the way is how you send us a counter claim all right let's see this should be working
hopefully everything is not working so anyway for those who don't know this is encircled
where it's me verse 30 Jan 30 people that all have an axe to grind with specifically me
as requested by you make sense today I'm apparently up against 30 jans
um which is news to me because honestly why do you don't look like Jan at all
and she's an intern so I'm not really sure why I should owe her money but apparently I do or at least
that's what you all say I do actually disagree and actually this is my whole show so really I
kind of set the rules I don't even really have to call any of you up if I want if I don't want to
but out of the pure generosity of me as a job creator uh I will go ahead and do that and um
actually I have to make a counter claim first which is um you are an unpaid
intern so how's that how's that for a claim bring it on you're an unpaid intern
what do you got anything anybody anything to say about that oh geez okay I have to clean up after
Pepito and get crumb is specialty coffee and you still won't pay me interesting oh again you are an
intern so so you think that's like a category of person well I just think it's a category of
job you're in college we were relatively up front about the role being unpaid actually I talked to
a dog who said um I'll give you whatever you want that's what he said yeah yeah but that's a dog
you did you did willingly get hired by a dog a talking dog a talking dog but it's a dog it's a
tiny little dog you got hired by a little chihuahua that's chihuahua size and you accepted the terms
of a chihuahua that provided no contracts he spat up some papers provided no contracts and then when I
talked to you I said I just so you know you're an intern I can't pay you I'd be able to
thought you were joking I thought that was a joke why because you said it like this
hey now you're an intern I can't pay you well yeah I did my fun voice to make it more casual
that's not cool you can't just do a tone and expect me not to read into the tone no I did my fun
voice that I do when I have to deliver bad news hey we can't pay you whoa oh it's fun everybody likes
it when I do that as a boss I don't like it none of us like it vote this jano I'm the jam
oh I don't know who these other jans are I am the jan so only you think you should get paid well
I mean I think all jans deserve to be paid actually so I am advocating for all the jans I just
am the main jan just so we know well Jan you shouldn't have said that because now you're
about to get incinerated actually I wore my fire retardant and I can say that
I wore my fire retardant I can say it because I'm wearing it
goo it's just I'm wearing a really nice goo so you can't see it so actually I'll survive the fall
and actually I put little pillows down there as an intern yeah
you've been voted out by the group some of us actually don't talk at the same time with me some
of you actually plan for our attempted murders and I'm calm and I feel fine about it and I'm gonna
land soft okay the pillow's made a weird noise but I'm fine down here and it honestly felt like a spot
felt like a spot treatment just to be clear I'm jan and I'm still alive quit surviving
unsurvivable things jan that's not what I pay you for because I don't pay you at all all right whatever
somehow there's more jans seven minutes worth of jans how is that only a minute this clock is
broken and that's the type of thing an intern if they could fix it maybe they'd get paid
but none of you interns have fixed jack shit so that's why you're not getting paid for anything
still I'm also jan I had to watch Rokana jump alaya and listen to him say the only reason he
didn't seek the release of the epsions files I don't know the reason he just said the only reason
what does that have to do with you getting paid you're an unpaid intern I don't pay you to have
opinions on Rokana isn't this a news thing I thought supposed to have opinions look I'm jan that's
the little ladybug lady but I have a I'm coming out of the body of a man in a suit there's a lot
of jans here I'm that specific jan okay I do a lot of work here I watch all the Rokana stuff
and I take notes that's not a thing I need I don't remember hiring you I don't remember hiring a jan
that's the ladybug lady but coming out of the body of a man in a suit interesting because a dog sped
up some papers at me and told me that I had a job okay well again I think we can throw at anyone
whose argument is I got hired by a tiny dog and now that's somehow I'm financially responsible
for the decisions a tiny dog made don't you employ the dog yeah obviously I pay the dog
that's a contract between me and the dog and the dog accepts payments and all sorts of things because
it's a dog if you agree to get hired by a dog I'm not legally responsible for your bad decisions
to get hired by a dog why do you employ the dog then because I support animals do you not support
animals you're being really annoying about how you deserve to be paid even though you were hired
by a dog that feels pretty unsupported to animals and they can't even advocate for themselves because
almost none of them can talk just fucking pay me man I'm here all the time aren't you in college no
absolutely not fucking waste of money man trying to make some big fucking money moves right now
I'm gonna have the bottom ground I'm gonna have the ground floor of twitch the literal bottom
because it's the future of entertainment and I have to start at the I'm starting at the actual
fucking rock bottom below ground zero nothing happening here bottom of twitch hold you've been
voted out by the group I haven't actually watched the stream what happens exactly wait a minute what the
hell is this all about I'm a fucking that that's how they wanted to hire a fire us from g4 actually
they built the chute to do it but they just never finished it because they couldn't get anything
done there so fortunately we all survived but I actually see things through that's why all of
these interns are they're getting fired today that's one way for you to not get paid you know what I mean
I'm a good boss I feel like a good boss actually okay how many more jans could there be
three four more minutes worth of jans all right whatever uh who else has complaints for me oh great
that crumb guy you gross yeah I'm llama jane llama jane we don't pay animals didn't you just say you pay
a dog well pita when I have a very specific arrangement where he eats everything and doesn't
really get what money is but I'm sorry the fact the score is humans don't pay animals we don't
pay them jack shit you have an owner that I might pay them but maybe you're just a lot of
I don't have to pay you are you hearing yourself look just because you're talking and I've been
over this plenty of times with the entire staff just because you're a talking animal
you're still an animal humans don't pay animals I've been very upfront about that I sent all
those emails about it yeah I'm an animal I can't read that's on you llama jane
and honestly you're the one who said that not me I didn't assume you couldn't read just because
you're a llama but now that you've said that I'd say that's a pretty good reason not to pay you
I was hired to read newspapers and I do just eat them but I do that I do that better than anyone
else on staff so also why do you occasionally have lamb no voice what I don't think that's how
llamas talk I don't know I don't have any type of eyes you're doing I think a goat or lamb thing
I don't know if that's the thing that llamas do so I don't know if I can even trust you
but Pito gets paid in his own way he's got the whole run of the place he gets paid better than
any dog I've ever worked with why am I the bad guy for running a business I'm just trying to run
successful news business here that takes sacrifice you got to make some tough decisions
I'm gonna hire 400 talking animals I'm gonna pay them all in trash I've seen the inside of
how these big corporate entities work okay I'm starting small and I'm growing 300
talking frogs talking carrots talking whatever's unpaid but at an animal scale
hold you've been voted out by the group I didn't even really get to talk is the thing
I'm actually a llama so I don't give a shit yeah llamas are prepared they'll almost say they
didn't care and also I'd like to point out it doesn't count as murder if you're slaughtering
llamas for burnt up meat usually you guys get to deal with the fun case okay the one that's
just doing he's talking about pissing and farts I'm sorry when you're gonna ask me to pay interns
now you're dealing with business case okay and I got a whole news business to run here I got to be
upfront with my employee not employees interns yeah I change when it's when it's time to do
the daddy work of running a business really well you might have noticed that your manager is always
really competent it's because in an actual business the best people get promoted and then
and the smartest guy is in charge that runs here okay let's keep it moving I got a lot of interns that
seem to be not understanding the score here okay it's time for me to explain how the real
world works that's part of being an intern oh man whatever what seriously though like what
yeah I'm sunflower gender swap jane I literally do all the editing around here
there's no editing it's live I don't need I don't post any ancillary content I don't promote the stream
at all that means you don't do anything I'm your only editor so what are you editing
Jacob Elordi fan videos he's so tall and honestly he's got a really good style
you don't have arms you don't need arms to tell an AI how to edit your video I yell at chat
GPT through a chat interface and I say edit these videos chat GPT can't do that
that's what because you're that's because you're old you don't get how it works you also need to pay
my friends scrap and my boy Liz a they also edit they do editing work here too you said you're the
only editor I mean they help though they are my assistants I'm the only full-time editor
hi I have seen zero edits the only editing the only stuff we've ever put out on the stream I had
to edit myself so what are you doing telling it chat GPT hey find a better Jacob Elordi picture
set this to a different song that's sexier he's better he you're not you're not conveying how
good his style is and how tall he is well yes obviously propaganda is doing the Lord's work
editing videos of me purely out of the kindness of their heart
but I don't pay them either because I didn't because it's nice but I look I'm just not made of I'm
literally made of no money we don't make enough money to pay anyone except me because I gotta
I have to make a lot of deals I gotta expand the brand interpersonally and I need to I need
wear stylish clothes if I want to grow the stream I need to go to parties
dressed in the stuff that Jacob Elordi is wearing okay I I do get that so as a CEO the only
responsible thing for me to do is to buy you know $400 pairs of jeans on Poshmark from designer labels
hold you've been voted out by the group okay but just so you know sunflowers are
immune to heat because we're sunflowers we're literally immune to eat it's in it because
we like live on the sun or something I guess the timer is broken because it's at zero
or did we time it so perfectly that if I summon someone else they'll immediately get smushed
I'm not sure I'd love to pay every obviously I'd love to pay everyone
obviously but the important thing right now is that I focus on buying expensive jeans so that I can
hang out at Hollywood parties and network so I don't get paid here I take every bit of
sub money outside of the donations that are going obviously to Dunn and Mutual Aid
which we just cleared a hundred and that's going honestly tonight outside of that I plow
every bit of money that we make on the stream into designer jeans that I can wear to big LA
parties so that if I show up in Jacob already there I can say that's crazy we're wearing the same
pair of jeans what are the chances and and after that it's all growth after that it is all growth
let's hit one more button and see what happens out of pure curiosity no I'm not John this is simple
Mr. Blackwell pay me or I'll release the files yes those files which file I don't we already
checked my name I'm not in the Epstein files the I'll release the unedited footage of you in
that video with the new day who cares you might care because your whole dick was out for everyone to
see too late it's happened too many times for me to care I'm not John though I'm John's assistant
Max why don't you have to think about that for so long that's how you say my name it's just a
long m because I'm from London that's whatever don't just disagree with me to disagree with me fine
you're right yeah that's what you're saying is right the clock is already at zero it's the
the system is broken if only I had competent interns that could fix things like that clock there
mmm max don't mock my name it's longer than that how come you don't fix a clock if you're so good at
being an intern because it's delegation I don't know how your internal clock mechanisms work
well this sucks because you're not getting voted out very fast and I was hoping you'd get
incinerated right away what's that are you sure you're not Harry Potter and Yellow Face
no but can you imagine that would never be funny that'd be pretty bad do you think people will be offended
if JK Rowling's next project was Harry Potter but in various strong make-ups would that be
offensive yes but you're my intern fortunately and I and you're Max say my name right well
I don't really need to learn your name because I'm gonna be real do you max you're about to die
what mm-hmm it's not my name by the way look that you want to spend the rest of your life
saying your long name or do you want to say something beautiful because I've trapped you like
jigsaw but if he was really dumb and the people he killed were also equally dumb and sat in a chair
that incinerated them so what do you what do you want to say to the world before you turn into this
of smoky bones before like in an acme cartoon you turn into dust and just your floating eyes that
blink don't judge people by the thick yellow makeup that they put on the morning because it makes
them feel like sexy sponge Bob what hold you've been voted out by the group I was in the middle of my
was in my speech can I shake should I keep going don't judge people just because they get off specifically
on the fetish of French and their face and that's a lesson to all of you okay your interns all right
you're here to intern that's a complaint if you want to be part of this stream well
maybe you can clean up all the bones and dust at the bottom of this set from all the people that
we've incinerated yeah that's who you're dealing with you're taking me seriously yet people think
it's all about a silly snapchat filters and fun no it is about murdering people with fire when
they disrespect me that is the point of this stream well let's get back to having some fun okay
sorry that you had to deal with business case for a while but it was a business related question
all right anyway looks like we have time for probably one more segment today and it does seem
that there was a quest for Brandon to do the word to do wordal not beating the JD Vance allegations
JD Vance wishes he had the business acumen of me case Blackwell it's a cutthroat media environment
and you got to treat people the industry standard way which is I will not pay you but I will burn
you in a giant trap that's just Hollywood stuff you guys don't get it because not all of you live
in California that's just how it is out here okay I'd learn fast coming from Chicago there you
just drown people in in wet beef until they die here you got to burn them in a trap look it's
time to move on okay we got to get Brendan in here to play games or something that's just how
it is he's got to do wordal or some shit so I don't have time for this I got more money moves to
make I got big business money moves to make that's what this stream is about anyway here's
Brandon it's game time man case forgot that this segment's fucking
infected by stream with malware you know I'm a different streamer than case
I have to hit some button he told me to hit one second he fucking
we got to run this back I got to run an outro real quick to make this stuff go away
and I also ran the intro I think so does better without I just think you should
suck on the door means a crime is happening okay but I don't really get where I am god damn it
this is not look I'm Jan in weird hair okay this sucks being an intern you tried to spell
we can't afford the medical bill
there we go I feel more like myself now
god sucks everything's fuck okay brick what your stuff is broken because you bought a dell
yeah I got sponsored by a deli and they gave me a computer it didn't make a lot of sense
they said look come down to Markinsons wet ham emporium and then they gave me a computer
because they thought that was a streamer thing and I'm still using the mark mark
Mark's wet ham emporium Markinsons wet ham emporium computer to this day
but why are you bringing that up brick it's a long walk okay I'm tired of explaining that
oh you said Dell I don't have a Dell I have a deli I have a deli computer
computer I'm supposed to play wordle which sucks because I like to this is like my decompression
game okay usually play this by myself and I'm really good so it's probably I'm probably gonna
do this really fast because I'm so good but I guess if you guys want to see like you know my
skills in action that's fine obviously the best starting word is
mom I'm a CIA asset sent to influence the youths with my cool vibes in order to make them more pro
action cool government action that's who I'm talking to I'm a CIA guy like asset
that gosh this doesn't get anything anyway the most useful word is on quilt
everybody knows that it's got the most common letters in it so
quilt the letter of the day is a that's five a's
I already know there's an L in there he's not gonna tell me it sucks
right now look you have to be careful we already know that it's just an L what words even have L in it
in the fourth position and I suspect it's rolls like jelly rolls what
brandy if you are late for dinner one more time your asset is getting a pounding mom we already ate
we found all that we found that really old hardies from a couple years ago in the freezer
sometimes we accidentally order extra food from hardies we'll order like an extra large bacon wet
wet bacon hamburger you know the the hardies wet bacon hamburger and if we get an extra when
we jam it in the fridge and this one snuck to the back so there were some frozen hardies that we
reheated in the sun and ate what there are four lights did you get that brano the letter of the
day for the game is a got that a is the letter of the day a a a a
why do you say it different at the end which is it
fuck that didn't help at all can I turn on my VPN and restart wait does this mean the L's I know
this I'm asking so that chat can keep up does this mean the L's in this spot
what are you just telling me the answer is lights did you spoil it did you just fucking
no that didn't work you lied to me oh i because that doesn't that that word doesn't fit
you just mean it's light it means no double l well apparently it's not light and I've been lied to
by my mom again fuck we've wasted all of our brick what I'm trying to play the hardest game
in relation to what brick what are you what do you want me to communicate to people
by telling me that is it circle does that fit can everyone stop trying to cheat and if they're
gonna cheat cheat that circle doesn't fit actually that is how you spell circle right
it look I'm not like a speller I'm a streamer what he's will lead the charge Agamemnon will flank
the guards Minelaus will let our mates through the gates to take the whole city at large who's
who's is that a streamer Agamemnon is Agamemnon a streamer whatever okay lights I don't understand
are people trying are people trying to cheat or not because like if you're gonna cheat just
cheat better um okay l is in there uh maybe it was um the l's in the right spot mom what
hey brand brand remember to switch your os to kendall's 95 or your computer will get rash
that won't go away for a week goals hashtag goals oh wait there's o's not in that spot
um grol this is a word right grol's not a word god damn it giggle trash thank you for the three
dollars oh yeah that's right brand what brand brand knock hurry brand brand the special sponsored under
I didn't don't mow along with my mom I didn't stop it that's creepy listen up jack give a trash just
for my price during money bulk what and then I probably shouldn't say this but you're doing
great son that couldn't be happening to your pastor father swolph is swolph word that feels good
swole oh there's not two l's so you'll will never end okay you can't spell soil with an e
soiled with just a d no the l's where it's supposed to be um boils oils oh the eye okay wait there's no
eye there's no eye so it can't be boils ankle uh world right on my bike i took the seat or extra
wordle um trails what oh snails oh wait no snail how would i spell snail like this damn it um let's try
to find out any words i can think of that have l even there honestly brawl's pretty sick
fuck finally someone let me out of my cage now time for me is nothing because i'm counting no
age no i i couldn't be there wait now you shouldn't be scared i'm good at repairs
yeah that's great rick good i'm glad that you're doing well can you sound task
does this one meet all the criteria no there's no r right
puck or is there an r it's just not there i'm just hitting it
fuck fable this wordle was easy got it in three tries i'm so happy i could you like that buddy
mom i swear to god did you just fart on the door again why would you do that
i've explicitly told you to stop farting on the door i already know it's not a no
fuck you're right all right what letters haven't been burned yet a isle is that technically one
hey bram bram i was playing jet set radio future no there's no i song came on from chibomaco called
birthday cake say what say what for my own sake do you have a headache or a heartbreak
fable did we not burn any of the fable letters yet i guess we didn't burn a single one
fuck though we have so few guesses what if this is not good i guess it doesn't have any of the previous
letters smell no there's no s fable seems as good as any fable was terrible oh wait e oh my god
you when you're too crazy mom are you my mom's been getting into christian mysticism lately and
honestly it's like living with like a like a cursed fortune cookie it sucks all right i need to be i
need some music to relax you because this is down to the wire i'm getting stressed what
mom i'm trying to relax right now i can't think about never sleeping again 24 hour stream is what i
call uh trying to piss with my prostate in the state it's in okay just gotta relax even though this
is fucking impossible it's literally impossible crail a holy crail cycle cycle does fit oh yeah
but have we burned any of the cycle letters you macaroon molyl i feel like molyl's a safer
safer bet chakarone chakarone chakarone chakarone doesn't fit any dimmy dinny winnie anytime
any penny dimmy dinny one more time i have to chest other other words like molyl anytime
cycle is good but what about i'm vicious bitch hypal you ever think of that what if it's hypal
wait we know there's not a p possibly so i guess it can't no wait there's hypal fits all the
criteria guys could be hypal or smell you're gonna feel pretty dumb it's smell oh we know there's no s
what if it's smile boy fine cycle feels like it's good i guess is any i can't think of any other
words that ended le that don't use the other letters already there but this is everything's
writing on this everything i put a bunch of i put took out a huge bet against my life like in the
film john wick i put a hit on myself for if i get this wrong
oh s oikel geico that doesn't fit geico doesn't fit fine okay great the president just figured out
using my mind for siren cancer it's only drinking soda it's just that easy all you have to do is
think about it all on your own you just have to sit there and really think it through all on your
own with your powerful brain and you can figure that out let's try one more though to prove how smart
we are wordle more wordle check it out guys you'd probably didn't know what this there's more wordle
no mom no i have it mom i have it i have it i'm not giving it back i'm watching it
don't fucking rat on me i do have that and i don't tell her
plabe fuck not a word gloat is a word okay g's in there none of the other letters are in there
bagel nope bags he's not in there um i'm stuck on the letter l anger everyone feels it everyone
fuck oh okay a g in here in there mom i've literally beaten a lot of games
oh we know what ends in g e pretty awesome guests from me i guess pretty good stuff
um genital that's a good guess oh wait it doesn't quite fit oh wait also it doesn't match either the
letters frug maybe it's frug oh there's no r gauge well oh could there be more letters than
we could possibly dream there's no a stage there's no a fudge fudge is good
i just mean i like i do like fudge i don't know if it will work but i like it enough that i'm just
gonna hit enter fuck there's no this is impossible now there's no other letters that end in this
guys i'm thinking i'm thinking guys quit typing random words like judge it's probably much
fuck that's not a word fine i guess it could be judge there's no b so it can't be budge
but it could be kudge it could be kudge this is a huge risk it's a huge risk because it could be kudge
brick are you here to congratulate me reggae's was a fantastic floor world series change that's close
it was extremely close okay they also requested that i play connections now that i've proven i can
literally win any wordle in the world which i proved myself every morning when i honestly
usually didn't do guesses i'm just drawing it out to make it more dramatic for fun i think i'm really
good at every game so the connection should be no problem for me fuck this one's impossible though
shit i accidentally picked an impossible one fuck that last game was pretty fudged up yeah actually
it was judged up brick okay i don't remember how this game works shit i don't remember how this
game works at all fuck i just have to create four groups okay i remember um bookmark is really close
to ring because they're both things you hide in a book in a movie um tip pitch lean
mom i'm great you both love god you love talking about how much you love god and how hard he is on
you all the time he's doing you so hard he's doing so hard why do you love him so much
it's crazy list style cookie history ring gloves round and bell what are those like
all things that can happen at a wedding right calm down you're being inappropriate okay lucky
guest stanton like really lucky guess because that was impossible cookie lance they're both names that
like backstreet boys have is there a backstreet boy named cookie lance pitch boxing people don't
punch bells lean into a bookmark bookmark cash cookie and history all things that you guys
should probably clear because of what you're doing with your uh because you're the sights that you use
you guys got it you guys got it whoa your trash what have you done
listen up jack
thank you president not my dad i guess thanks
style lean lean style um i literally don't get this at all mason style pitchway
pitchway lean list maybe right yeah fuck maybe way doesn't fit there tip tip list pitch lean
no oh yes i had no mistakes remaining what was that last one what the hell what was the last one
i didn't even pay attention run it back what new york times i will not sit i will not
more connections game just run it back i'm riding high off my stunning victory connections
unlimited there's no limit to the number of connections we can make now everyone
the limit is our imagination fuck this is the same one give it to me hard yeah this is a hard one
okay this is harder black baguette things that if you're black and french is that a category
black and french black baguette wink wind wing ad wink yeah ghost deuce makes totally make i'm seeing
a lot of duos here like dr loaf classic a classic bread brand dr loaf loaf bun roll that get hard they
say interesting why was i so good then i guess that says something about me black deuce wink
that's for all the ladies out there i'm just kidding i don't date it's a waste of time
waste of time sorry ladies how can waste of time okay attention suspense music to relax to
activated black deuce wink deuce and lover tennis terms fuck you're right so is all and so is ad
and so is wind and so is wing because you can wing a ball and the wind affects the movement of your
ball and so is bell because they ring a bell i'm pretty sure when the tennis match is over
and so is doctor because there's a doctor of tennis that has to be present for all the matches
and obviously tennis has ghosts on the field maybe it's all tennis it will start here and
then we'll go with the other tennis categories black wine was that a thing during segregation
is this next theme racism because people say that's a big theme of my streams so it's on my mind
wind ghost wink wing dr. wink doctor wink oh shoot just w words that's a that makes sense
what the hell is this last one bell black ghost doctor can anyone even guess what this is
peppers oh yep yep you guys got it i knew it too
so we kind of in a sense got it together we're gonna do one more this one's extra impossible mode
because it's from the past and not today petty cruise colons you see what i'm putting down here
they're all cool last names steven petty steven cruise steven jones and steven colons all guys i
went to high school with it's crazy that they know that that's why they track my algorithm that's
rhythm that's not it oh that's actually not right somehow tom thirst tom zombie tom snide
wait i thought tom jones was for sure one they they're so sneaky they added an extra category
okay well i guess let's abandon the obvious tom i mean guys i went to high school with them
tom thirst yeah i went to high school with him too lust long thirst and of course hurricane of sex
i guess there's probably a drinks one long lust thirst and i guess that's not one
because i don't see a fourth thing that's a thing i don't do because i don't i think sex is a waste
of time i could have it but i think it's a waste of time thirst lust and long isn't that sound like
warned up okay um a zombie a hurricane a colons and uh rocks that's also tom
petty cruise tom long and of course tom jones snide mean there feels like tom's have to be one right
tom mission tom damage tom damage should be an actor that's stupid that that's not an actor
named tom damage honestly upsets me um mission cruise a long mission i mean what are what are other
mission possible things here though damage and this doesn't make sense right ground the mission
cruise and damage it feels like a stretch ghost protocol that was it oh mission i see
cruise control damage control ground control and mission
lust long thirst and oh jones is one yep so you can tom mealy jones for someone
if you think that they're hot even though they're old i forgot that you can tom mealy jones for
someone all of these are things that people describe tom petty as including his last name
so tom was a theme after all guys we're so smart
honestly too smart we're so smart that we just defeated the entire stream it's just that easy
just that easy everyone mom what what i'm celebrating my intelligence i heard the intense music and got
worried but my toe is stuck in your door if i could just get that better than your foot squeaking
against the door as you released it mom and not you pressing your butt cheeks into the door and
releasing gas just to fart into my fucking door and it's ridiculous it pisses me off and i've
been so upfront about this i've established a boundary and she is not respecting it all right i
gotta go i'm sending it back to case you can find a fucking raider or whatever i'm pissed
off about the door farts even though i was riding so high that's why you should never have parents
because they ruin your life all right that's it back to the news i guess i didn't know he had it in him
to be that smart all right we did it guys we didn't do all the segments
we didn't talk to this zebra about whatever it's not a zebra stretchy faced man i'm a zebra
i'm excuse me i'm a zebra what get this what what um do you have black with white stripes or black with
white stripes what sorry do you have our zebras black with white stripes or white with black
stripes we're african that's not the only place zebras are right the answer is neither we don't
prescribe your petty human views on coloration defining who you are to us we're just fucked up
horses that look wrong what yeah all zebras are the same fucked up horses that didn't come out right
because god cursed us for our sins that's what all zebras believe and that unites us our faith in
a cruel god that hates us and punished us with fucked up face and fur
amen okay well like now i'm gonna say we did it all what the fuck is that all about
i'm papito's little guy i help him out he's busy right now i'm just papito's little guy
i'm a chihuahua sized guy i'm not supposed to be on the screen he's gonna be mad
what the hell okay gotta go did my
did my little did my little guy make a fool of himself my stupid little guy that i have
i didn't know you had a stupid little guy yeah of course i got a little guy
keep him around to do my bidding that's brandon's little brother for sure
he's my little guy i keep him i trapped him and now he's mine
do you have interns no i have little guys and i trapped and now they work for me
that's how it works little guys oh i gotta get on this because running a business is hard you gotta be
mean you gotta earn people up you gotta never pay them you should get a little guy game they
don't expect payment they just need you to i don't know give them riddles every once in a while
you know so they can ask people riddles and stuff that's mostly what they want to be paid in
oh okay i'll look into that uh let's raid you know what golden boy is on
great news everybody golden boy's on golden boy for the win it's rare that i get to raid golden boy
looks like golden boy is playing last flag i don't know what that is but i trust it's good
if golden boy is doing it golden boy's fault i don't know in golden boys how regularly golden boy streams
but you know when i see golden boy raid a golden boy okay uh thanks for hanging out everybody
we'll be back hopefully tomorrow i don't think there's anything that will
catastrophically prevent me from streaming unless i get a mountain of
things slapped in my lap um a little slap with a mountain in your lap you know how it goes
oh yeah i have a little guy for that smart say hi to golden boy for me it's just a good old case raid
but pito can you play something it's so quiet
how was that that is not a sound cue i remember making sorry that's my little guy's hand that's
who's down there he's more little than me okay bye everybody say hi to golden boy for us
you remember when i did this i don't remember recording this you recorded this whole song
i remember it he just high-fived himself that's crazy he's going a while down there he's
running around get that out of here stop what are you doing with your little fingers stop it it's weird
he's undulating his little fingers stop it little guy maybe i'll just keep with the interns
they are hard to control little guys are scurly