I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one. Let's do this. I'm Pepito.
Good to see everybody. We're live.
I'm Jeffrey Newsman. This is an episode of the HBO drama Newsroom. That's what we'll be doing today.
You're naked too? What? Thank you for the subs Uncle Phil 2K and Ungee 123 27 months
and 32 months respectively. My God. Where does the time amalgamate? Here it does apparently.
Good to see you all. Sweet, sweet, Sorcan banter. Kids these days don't even understand that a
tennis racket isn't a butt plug. I lost it. I couldn't be confident. I'm confident enough to
do it for two seconds. That's what I'm assuming that's Sorcan dialogue, right? I'm sick of these 16
year old boys with their firecrackers and their lug nuts coming to my car and disassembling it for
parts replacing my radio with a fisting machine. Is that how Newsroom was? I assume if you just
say enough words quickly enough it's fine. Yeah, that's my Jeff Daniels. I only watched the first
episode to be clear. I'm really only familiar with the part where he dresses down an auditorium
of millennials for being the worst period, generation period ever. Periods for everyone.
Oh yeah, Olivia Munn wasn't it. I always forget that. Again, I only saw the first episode and I...
You know that millennial speech was too much for my weak millennial brain to handle it
when I was in my 20s. He wasn't entirely wrong. I guess. I get to think of some
worst generations than the current one we're in, honestly. I am a firm believer that one of the
worst generations was the slavery generation. The generation where they were doing constant
slavery was, I think, probably one of the worst American generations. But then again,
they didn't have podcasts. So maybe it's a wash, actually, because millennials kind of started
doing podcasts, which is really annoying. Okay, well it's good to see everyone deadless.
Skull Meat debate topic. Yeah, that could be the debate topic.
Card King Joey headset live in Sleaze of the Master Mod and to daddy a hype train.
Oh my god. Let's do a little bit of news over this hype train. We have the technology now.
We're going to the movies today. We're getting slammed with bits. Oh my god, there's just so much
happening. I'm gonna send it to some news and then we're gonna get into it with all the hype and
everything else. But first it's news time. That's right, it's me. The hype is occurring. All of
the hype of which is happening case. Have you heard of this? It's so exciting. Yeah, there's the song.
Right? Yeah, we're all hyped out.
The hype train is also here because you can never have too many people to talk to at once.
I've always said that. I've one of the many things I've always said.
Good to be existing. Everyone a huge fan of my existence.
I'm the Zumbog. My effects have returned. I've returned. No, no, no. That one's a little crazy.
Anyway, I'll for a minute. Yes. It doesn't mean I can't be constantly on fire.
We go back to me not having to deal with this. Could we could you eliminate whatever is making
this happen case that I'm on screen shortly after this?
I just I'm here for news not for train.
Yeah, that's how the train is.
Oh, great. Another enemy for me, Jeff. Just know that it doesn't usually go well for my enemies.
One of my few other enemies on this network was a bald weird man. And last I checked,
he's not bald anymore. He's beyond bald. He's bald all the way down to his neck.
You taking credit for the death of Chrome because it's technically an unsolved mystery.
How's it unsolved?
I grew up munched blue his head up with a gorilla.
Well, we never we technically we only saw the gorilla fist go in. So who knows who done it?
He was munch. Who knows?
Call Robert Stack. Yeah, we got to get Robert Stack in here. Can we talk about
some news, please? I'll talk about the news. I'm here for the news. Thank you very much.
I'll do it though. I'm I'm more than capable of reading. I can't read, but I'll do it though.
Since when can this train not read? I don't know. His abilities are up and down.
Actually, I have training to thank people. We're supposed to be doing news.
If you watch it frame by frame, the fist never connects. Did someone put a bomb in his brain?
I swear to God, if Chrome faked his own death,
by taking the ultimate head exploding punch, but in kayfabe,
he I would fire him if I had the power, but apparently I don't anymore.
You can't fire us. I can just get up and fucking leave. I I'm working on being able to fire people
again. Was that even a real gorilla that killed crumb?
Munch cut killed crumb guys. I mean, I look I only report the facts here. You can't prove that.
Or did you do it case? I don't know. Somebody murdered him via gorilla.
I have people to thank. We're losing focus here.
I need to thank everybody. So give me a really short beat. Give me a
Pop-Tart type beat. Jerry Seinfeld's favorite beat. Pop-Tart trapeze to eat Pop-Tarts to...
There really is one? Why is this a thing? I was mostly kidding.
Turns out yes, Pop-Tart beat is the thing. How is this Pop-Tart?
What makes this a Pop-Tart type beat? Your guess is as good as mine.
I don't even get no facts. But you give me a because Pop-Tart sucks.
I'm at the toaster. Move over. I'm gonna eat a Pop-Tart like a shoulder of beef.
This how he always raps? Yeah, it's kind of how everyone here raps. Not me.
I don't rap. I do Madonna style Vogue songs. I guess so.
Look, I'd be able to thank. Okay. Oh, yeah. I want some more like someone just fed me a Pop-Tart smore.
I'm gonna bend you over here's the scoreboard. I'm gonna show you the Pop-Tart floor.
Oh, right. ZZZ, 25 months from Storn Lack scene. Bring it in. Yes, I know that you can.
All the months Uncle Phil too can. Okay. It's the world.
Double ocean on me with the hunger biz. Coming straight in from Sky Mer. Oh, yeah.
You know I never appalled. I feel the mental clarity with zero doubt.
I'm gonna grow this shit up like bundle sprout with the hunger biz.
Your wife shouting the mount. Apple devil never hassling.
Still checking staff with the same brand every time one other bits. Apple devil.
Metal chaos and they steal the boss. They give me enough community subs and there's no
losses to him. Trying getting it in because they care. 31 months making me feel like.
Listen up, Jack. What? Cardkeena just mama jam 300 shiny tasty coins. And I've been dying to say this.
Burn the field. Hype train do not yell. Run through the signs and torch the field down to Stipple.
Cuss fact that grass and fuck Jeff Ripple. Wow.
That train has it out for me. It's not fair. That train is trying to destroy me case.
Well, you're kind of aggressive with it. You've never barely even interacted with the hype train.
What do you have against it? It's taking up my precious news time. Since when is time on this
channel ever precious? Well, compared to other streamers who actually don't stream that much.
Yeah, I only my three hours of precious time. Look, there's there's a lot of stuff to talk about case
like, um, that Love Island finale. Did you see that? Actually didn't kind of watch it on our own.
It's a really don't laugh. What do you say things?
Are you torn up about it? Because Kendall's right here to tell us about it.
Oh, shit. Who's that walking over? You want to tell us what the Love Island finale?
No, she doesn't. She says it's fucking ass.
Here you go. Well, it is Kendall. It's Kendall fucking Lynn, everybody.
Oh, the concert. Yeah, we went to the Blackpink concert last night,
and it was pretty great. I got to say. Kendall, any thoughts?
Bruno Mars. Bruno Mars showed up. A wild Bruno Mars appeared.
Kendall and I aren't even like huge Bruno Mars heads.
But it's kind of I was telling it's kind of like pro wrestling. You don't really have to be the
biggest fan of a wrestler to still kind of pop when you're not expecting them to be there.
And he's Filipino. One of my favorite things about Bruno Mars. Oh, also,
Sporify, thank you so much for the 27 months. So close, but miss the train. Yeah, you almost
were on that train. Canada has his hamburger meat all out. Case had his hamburger meat all out.
I can't read lately. I had my hamburger meat all out since when did I have my hamburger meat all
out? Kendall says we haven't eaten in seven hours. Is that even right? Yeah. We ate at 10.
Do we? He was like noon. We haven't eaten in six hours.
True. Do you want a hamburger? I don't know. That sounds good, though. Okay, we're going to get a
hamburger. This air drop is not. Jackpug1, thank you so much for the 17 months. You got to you
got to clink them together like we're trading Pokemon cards. It's just not. Well, it's because
you're on your mom's account and it messes up all of your air dropping. Okay, I don't know why.
Sometimes I'll try to contact Kendall via FaceTime and FaceTime's her mom. I'm on her phone plan.
We're on the same Apple ID account. I don't know how to tell you. They're like sharing an Apple ID.
It's cost effective, but it's rough when I'm trying to FaceTime, Kendall. And I'm fully nude,
just pointing the camera straight down. And then I FaceTime her mom. That's never actually
happened. Don't worry. Probably. FaceTime, yeah. You draw a face on it. It counts as FaceTime.
Okay, did it work? Oh, did you just send it? I did. I don't know what else to do.
What can you do? Upload it to Google Drive. Are we going to talk about the news? Jeff,
we're going to get to it, okay? Relax. All the time in the world. Also, I don't have that
much time to stream today. It's going to be a short stream. What the fuck?
Yeah, I have to only stream for a little bit so that we can eat burgers. We already have to go to the
movies. What are you actually doing today? What are you doing today? On stream? No, nothing.
I mean, you just have to eat. You can't eat on stream. Huh? Just create a character that binge
eats. That way you can eat on stream. I do feel like, isn't there something we're supposed to do?
Today? Was there? I do need to take care of a few life things. Life. I have to buy a few things.
I have to finish buying those tickets. So, I feel like there's a couple things I need to take care of.
A mukbang. I'd make that a stream goal, but I need to pay off my other goals before I,
maybe this week I can finally do the workout stream. It took me quite a while to do the
Hamtaro stream, but we did do it eventually. Maybe this Halloween I'll just do a murder mystery
stream just on my own. I'll do the version of it that I could have done all along instead of the
actual good version. Just having, oh, I could do an eating character. Sorry, an eating correspondent.
Lunch did it? That's a pretty good guess. Put up the Steiner workout stream on. I do have,
I wonder if I have enough equipment to do the Steiner workout stream with Steiner.
I don't have, I guess Kendall would have to come out occasionally and let me like squat her.
And also, unfortunately, if I really want to do this Steiner stream, basically sexually harass
her. So, maybe I should skip that part of it. Well, I mean, I am gonna, I'm gonna sling hot dogs
into my mouth while doing the workout stream. Dude, all these videos is just the girl behind
me looking at the camera and hiding her face. Oh, the ones I took? Yeah. Yeah, I was trying
to get her a lot. Do a murder mystery where it's you using snapchat filter to pretend to be all of
your friends pretending to be other people. I think I could do that. I could probably even get Fiona
to pop in. I could get a couple actual guests. I'm currently in the process of streamlining
how to get other people onto my stream so that I can do that Papito stream finally,
which has taken me so long. Jay Drilla. Last time I checked his name was,
I can't even remember what his last name was. He had so many names last stream.
It was just Drilla. At some point it was like just software or something. I can't even remember.
It was just Jay for a while. Jilla. It was Jornip or something for a minute.
I'll try to get him to clarify what his name is next time he's on.
Oh, Kendall's out of here. She said thank you, but she sounds kind of upset.
Kendall's going to come show you all the merch we got. It's merch time.
I'm never going to get to do the news. Jeff, we're going to get to it. What am I doing here,
case? Waiting. Want to talk to our new intern? We have a different intern on Mondays, so
I don't need any more people. Does that mean I can go?
Oh.
Miss, you seem to have some fire on your shirt. What?
Yes. Should be on the kitchen table, probably. It's either on the kitchen table or the countertop.
Might be in the dirty clothes. It's in the dirty clothes. It's in the bin. In the bedroom.
That lady's on fire. Got it. Oh. These are Kendall's black pink sweatpants.
You might notice that they're sweatpants, but they say black pink, and then they have whatever
they have this on it, deadline, which I learned is the name of their tour. She has this hammer that
lights up and it squeaks. And it's a heart. And if you were in South Korea, it would respond to
Bluetooth. And then this shirt says black pink, but on the back, it's a whole dang pink city.
This is an extra large because they didn't have a large and I'm sad they also didn't have the sweater
and they didn't have the shorts. I don't have anything. That means if I lost weight, I could even wear it.
You have an auto light stick that does Bluetooth. I've heard that most US concerts don't support
Bluetooth. Yeah. And then I also heard from Kendall that Taylor Swift is trying to
add it. Taylor Swift did it with bracelet. And I'm really sad because everyone's like,
Taylor Swift is like the instigator trendsetter. She's the one that like has brought, you know,
like is started this phenomenon. I'm like, bitch, no, she's not. Okay. Those were pretty, I'm guessing
expensive. I'm guessing they were expensive because I bought a beer and a hot dog and it
cost me $45. So I'm guessing the markup on sweatpants is pretty high. I will tell.
I bought a light stick, by the way. This is not old. This is new from last night.
I don't want to say it. I'm scared. I'm scared. Now I'm curious. I didn't even ask. I didn't want
to make her feel that. So I just didn't ask. It can't be 500, right? No, it's not 500.
Okay. That means each of these things would be like two. That means we could go buy a switch too.
Name your prize. Oh, yeah. Okay, everybody. What a great idea for a show. I just had.
Come on. Give your, give your guesses. 180, 100. Look at the quality. Look at the quality.
Oh, I know how to do this. Look at the shirt. I know how we can get an official chat guess.
At option. At exclamation point. Oh, you can put in your options of what you think the price is.
Look at this. And then you can vote on it. Once all five options are in.
151, 666. I'm going to guess that's high because it wasn't 500. 200. And then they stole it.
They're just going to win. But then you can tell us which option was closest once the
votes are officially in exclamation point one through five is how you vote on these options.
So far, they think we might be a slightly low moral fiber. We need to get our fiber up.
Scole meat. Thank you so much for the 24 months.
12 votes for they stole it. You guys think I'm cooler than I am. I wish you wish.
What's that? See it. There's a whole whole, there's so many graphics. How can you not tell?
It looks like I'm taking it by a landslide as they stole it. However, who was closest Kendall?
The winner is.
Spore fight was the closest. It was up 230. 230. Is that including the hammer? Including the hammer.
All of this was like 100, 100. Well, this was like 75. Yeah.
Yeah. You know what's crazy is given some of the like merge drops that happen in LA that doesn't seem.
It's crazy obviously, but it's not uncommon. I see people waiting in line for like,
oh shit, Sneak O has a merch drop or whatever. I could go buy my favorite racist t-shirt and
there'll be like a, you know, a line around the block and they'll be selling like a graphic
t that says like sneak on it with like a band-aid over the top and it'll be like $250 for one shirt.
That's why chat. I got a really, uh, I'm going to release limited edition bin merch
for $500. Don't worry, I wouldn't do that. Racist t-shirt sub goal. The last, uh, at least the
hammer can be turned into a flashlight. Oh, repurposed. Nope. That's not an option,
apparently. Sorry, card king. You made Kendall leave. Your comment sent her away. I could have
not read it to be fair. Bye, Kendall. Yeah. Oh, I should release my own puffy bears,
just little puffy bears. That's another fucking thing. I have to go rescue puffy bear.
Are you ever going to do a, what, how about we do news? How about the sub goal case? He's the news.
Think about it. I'm going to tell you to shut up. It's just card king telling me to shut up.
Stop being mean to me. I'm just trying to do the Jeffrey Newsman. Your Jeff Newsroom,
I'm Jeff Newsroom today, but mostly Jeff Ripple always. Stop playing the Pop-Tart beat. The
hype train's dead. You want to wrap over the Pop-Tart beat? No. Okay, you lost your chance.
I didn't want to do that. Okay, but you don't have the chance now. Well, I mean, if I really
wanted to, you'd let me. No, it's over. I don't want to, though. But you can't. You're not allowed.
Play that fucking beat. No, it's too late. You lost your chance. God damn it. I didn't want to.
News? Okay, fine. We can do a little bit of news. Oh boy. Oh wait, it's also,
the news is depressing. Never mind. I take it all back. California farm worker dies after
falling from greenhouse roof during chaotic ice raid. Dang it. After all this buildup of me wanting
to do it and it's death news? Yeah, it's not the news, as you know. There's a reason to avoid the
news, Jeff, and talk about merch. Shoot. I forgot. Ice news. Oh boy, let's talk about ice today.
A farm worker who fell from a greenhouse roof during a chaotic ice raid this week at a California
cannabis facility died Saturday of his injuries. James Alana's 57 is the first known person to die
during one of Trump's administration's ongoing immigration enforcement operations. Yusenia Duran,
Alana's niece confirmed his death to the Associated Press. Duran posted to the fundraising site,
GoFundMe, that her uncle was his family's only provider. Sorry for the whiplash there, chat,
going from Blackpink prices and PopTart beats. But uh, hey, we can, we can notch the
ice death count up to one confirmed death, although I suspect in the wake of what they're doing,
there will be, there already have been and will be more. So there's your depressing case news for
the day. Is Jeff happy that Krum is finally dead? Not the right time, case. Okay, you're
pleading the fifth on that one, that's understandable. Are we going to the wall to visit Peter or did I
miss that? You didn't miss that. That one also though, the problem is once I have an idea for how
I want to do something, I have to do it that way and it takes so long to do things the way I want
to do them usually. But yes, that will be happening. People died in custody. Yeah, I mean,
I, this, this is just the first death during a raid that we've at least heard about. If you
saw Nabalus ice shirt, you might make some money. I maybe, but I think I don't think I want to make
money off of that, although I certainly support the message. If you support it, then why not support
yourself by selling that shirt of just as a general shirt like around town? Yeah, just walk
around with a shirt cart. No, I think I won't be doing that. 65 stream streak. Oh my God. MSG
you maniac. You can sell shirts with all different dead crumbs. Now that's a shirt we can all get behind.
It's a little macabre, but it's fun. How many different versions of dead crumb are there? Well,
there's zombie version and exploded head version and beach ball version. You've kept up. I like to
check in with how dead crumb is. I would buy a $500 bin bear flashlight and you found the
opportunity for profit at last. I don't know what I think it'd be hard to make a custom flashlight.
You don't have to customize it that much. Just buy a flashlight, stick some ears on it.
Huge. I'm just trying to be a pragmatic businessman and provide a little bit of levity because
we might be making an American Gestapo and an American alligator. The other a camp.
I'm working. There's also alligator. Elcatraz news. What's that? Elcatraz. Ah,
what's going on there? Apparently it's not very nice. People are saying, believe it or not,
the alligator prison in Florida that they built in three days isn't that nice or well thought out.
As Republicans and Democrats visit alligator Elcatraz for the first time, here's what they
have to tell us about it. Debbie Wasserman Schultz spoke to reporters outside the Dade Collier training
and transition facility known colloquially as alligator Elcatraz on July 12th.
What did she have to say? This story is not telling me. Okay, never mind. Also DeSantis apparently
had something to say about it. He's looked at match DeSantis, Ron DeSantis that is,
has looked to match President Donald Trump's hard line on immigration painting his state as an eager
partner in the president's plan to detain and deport potentially millions of immigrants.
Can they even find a million people to deport in Florida? Not a million people they should deport,
but they could definitely find a million people to strip the rights of and throw in prison.
Shoot. At least five members of Congress and roughly 20 state legislators tour the detention
center over the weekend. The first inspection by elected officials of the area since it opened up
about a week ago, a little over a week. Trump visited the site ahead of the detainees arriving
earlier this month and weirdly, ever since it was empty, they haven't had any interest in
showing us what it looks like on the inside. Yeah, they were very eager to show us their
prison torture center when it was empty. And now that there's like 20 people crammed into a cell
where the toilet and the water fountain are the same thing, they are less eager to put that all over
the news. But this comments on the news, alligator prison flooded the day after Trump was there.
It also, yes, it was flooding. Stephen Miller has changed the quota of immigrants to 8k a day,
and I'm not sure if that's up or down. 8k too many in my opinion. So I don't know,
the goals are so all over the place and so absurdly high.
They're not, I mean, there's no fucking way they can meet these insane quotas he keeps
setting, but they are, it was 3k. Oh, oh, it's up. I guess that's, yeah, that's worse news.
Yeah, if it was down, I mean, if it was down from 12k, it still would be crazy up from 3k to 8k is
there just aren't that many people to fucking, well, God, I shouldn't say that. There, I mean,
there obviously are enough people in the country that if you just start grabbing random people,
you can deport people, but there weren't even that many like criminals to deport. And then I just,
even if you're just going after every like Latino looking person you see, there's just,
there's no capacity to process that many people. I don't know what the fuck.
I don't know what the fuck. You don't know what the fuck?
Living Sleazy said these guys are monsters like the creature from the Black Lagoon now that
goes scary. Can we deport him? How many creatures of the Black Lagoon are there to deport?
Zero. So that's going to hurt the numbers for going after lagoons and the monsters in them.
How do we just deport the alligators? I mean, that's fucked up to do two, but it's left
fucked up than deporting people. Can we just, how about this as a nation?
We ditch the whole being scared of immigrants thing and we just get scared of monsters,
ghoulies and monsters to deport the vampires. No, that's too close to people. We need to be
to scared of like, like Loch Ness monsters. Can we just get everybody focused back on imaginary
creatures and they can just wander around the woods looking for those and go after all the ghoulies?
You're going after ghoulies now, Kase. You don't think ghoulies are people? I think specifically
the ghoulies I'm talking about are not real. So let's just focus on those. Focus on the
not real ghoulies. Well, let's focus on whatever CNN has to say. They've been talking to the
various legislators who toured this already decaying and flooding torture prison.
I wonder how they felt about it. Florida lawmakers finally got a chance to go inside
the state's new detention facility in the Everglades. You've probably heard it's being
dubbed alligator Alcatraz. And while Florida officials say that conditions there are better.
I like this guy's style. He's got a beard that is. Or then inside some US prisons,
Democratic lawmakers, they're not convinced.
What we saw, the conditions that we saw inside this internment camp, which it is
nothing less than that description, we're really appalling.
Well, they say they were not allowed to see the units where migrants were actually being
detained, just the empty ones. Florida State Representative Angie Nixon was there. She joins
me now. Representative Nixon, what stood out to you most? What did you see?
What stood out? Thanks for having me, Victor. What stood out to me the most was going into the
caged facility and witnessing where they housed over 32 grown men together with only three
toilets. And those toilets were the same places that the folks would get their water from.
And it was really a. That I keep hearing that
quoted as a thing, which apparently is true.
That means like this thing in the corner here, I think they pan by it. Yeah, these like
toilet. You can't see it really when they pan, unfortunately. But you can see it here. I
guess this is like a toilet fountain in the corner here. As insane as that is to say.
I. I don't think the water shoots out of the bowl. I guess I'm going to give them the benefit
of the doubt and assume it comes out the top. But still, it's just so openly vindictive and
psychotic like what they're doing. Look at these fucking rooms. It's literally just a cage as
stuffed as possible with beds and absolutely nothing else to do. It's very common. I mean,
even if it's common, it's it's inhumane. It's also it's not like it has to be that way. They built
this this fucking facility and like, you know, the most minimal amount of time possible. I'm sure
they just brought in these fucking industrial toilet fountains. All of it is just so openly like
inhumane. It's insane. It's insane that they're getting away with this and they currently are.
It was really appalling and disheartening to see not only that, but the the director of Florida,
the department of emergency management, he was very evasive in his questioning. We often asked
who were the vendors and save them water and they continually said, oh, you have to file a public
records request. They were even if it's like an efficient way to handle your water usage, like
whatever, it only uses this one pipe or something or the same set of pipes. You at least could like
shift the thing you're drinking of away from the place where you 25 guys from one cell are shitting
every day. Well, sorry, it's a bunch of different units, you know, all in these little encampment
rooms. I don't even know how many because there's like individual pods of cages and then those
are all stacked right next to each other to and then there's three toilets. The line would be
crazy if you weren't all just waiting in line to be deported. At the end of the day, this is a
450 million taxpayer dollar facility internment camp that was just done for a political stunt
when Rhonda Sant is just previously a few days before be told appropriations that could have
addressed mental health in our communities that could have unfortunately that I'm right
over this lady's face.
...cost of home insurance. He decided to do and are taking this political stunt with Donald Trump and
it's just very upsetting. So was there anything that was off limits that you were not allowed to see?
Yeah, so I just want to be clear. There were two tours that happened. I was in the second tour
and apparently the first tour ran a little long and many of my colleagues stated that some of the
detainees were shouting freedom, freedom in Spanish and when we came in for the second tour we were
rushed and they kept making mention that there were rains about to come and so we were not able
to see the detainees in the place where they sleep. We were able to see detainees in the intake
area and they were saying muy mal, muy mal meaning that...
Very bad. It seems like it's very bad so I'd say that's a pretty accurate description.
We're going to reclaim all accents. We might not be at a place of racial harmony yet where
it doesn't feel like it's malicious using certain accents. Unfortunately. But we can all envision
a bright future where we're all operating on such equal terms that it's just fun.
But not yet. Not quite yet but I can't really do accents. You want to hear me try to do Spanish?
Really Jeff? Well here's me trying to do it anyway. I am Spanish! See I just can't do it.
Still offended. What? But I don't even sound like... I was just trying. You want to hear me
try to do Japanese? Nope not at all. I'm Jeff Ripple and I'm Japanese. Again I can't do accents.
That was me actually trying. However I can do an incredibly authentic Chinese accent
so I just I won't but just know I could. Okay. Do we think Skolmeet? I don't know.
Skolmeet, thank you in case we forgot to thank Skolmeet. I'm not doing the Chinese one because I can't.
I mean I can. I'm saying I won't because it's in poor taste. But the other ones I tried to do.
Fair game because I don't sound like it. I think you just shouldn't try to do a Japanese accent.
But what if I don't hit the mark? How did we end up talking about this?
Well because you know there isn't really anything we can say about
the detention of thousands of people in completely inhumane circumstances. That's really any fun.
Hmm I forgot. We gotta have fun. Ah yes. Can you do a British accent? Governor, welcome to the United
Kingdom. Good day. Spot of tea? It's not the worst. Oh good. It is racist. Which one? I'm not sure.
Kendall would fire you if you'd yeah I could get Kendall in here and she has firing power.
I don't. Oh Kendall you have the power to fire people on Casey's stream. Chat decided.
Case doesn't. I lost my firing privileges somehow I'm not sure. Did you see Trump make a soccer
championship celebration about himself? I did. Wait Kendall would you what? Oh she didn't want to
come in. She just heard me saying her name. She doesn't care that she can fight. Fight for us.
Nah she doesn't. We can check out the Trump celebration.
If only there was an opposition party to do something about this. I mean I guess some credit to the
Democratic legislators who visited the detention prison torture facility and are actually saying
something about it but yeah on the whole it's been incredibly disappointing the Democratic response
to this. What's that? Oh what's that? Oh yeah Kendall's hungry. Wait Kendall stick around.
Wait but we're getting a good news flow going. Shop chef we weren't in any news flow and you know it.
What? Too late. It's burger time. Wait well I have to figure out what burger you want. Kendall
who is burger and how do they do it? Fat burger. We can do fat burger. Or we could do the stand.
Do you have a preference between the two? She doesn't. Wait come here and pick what fat burger you
want. It's just another burger place but today we're fat burger people. Today we're fat. Don't do my
voice. Burger time good game. GG's everyone. It's burger time. Randall flag. Does he run the stand?
He might. I've never been in their kitchen so I'm not sure. Beware of Randall. Is it six in the
morning? No it's six the opposite. It's the opposite type of six. Oh oops I didn't. I think I broke it.
Now it's fine. Kendall ordered. Now I'm gonna order. Jeff I don't want to get you a burger.
Too bad you've put it me through it today case. Bye Kendall. Should I get a chat? Should I get an
XXL fat burger? The original fat burger meal? Or seven chocolate shakes? Just for me case.
Don't get seven chocolate shakes. Well maybe if you were nicer to me I wouldn't feel the need
to get seven chocolate shakes. It's too many chocolate shakes.
Oh they do have a wide variety of milkshakes. I don't even know if they did.
A vegan vanilla shake. Oh my god. Oreo's cookies and cream. Are you just gonna get a shake? Maybe
you'll just get a little shake treat for me. Jeff Ripple. A little bit of cookies and cream.
Delightful. What is wrong with you? I just want a little treat for me.
With whipped cream I'm thinking yeah. I'm thinking yeah to whipped cream. Jeff you're being
disgusting. I just am a little nasty shake freak. Nothing gross about that.
Hmm an original burger meal with fat fries. Are they allowed to use the word fat this much?
Can we be mad about that for a second please? Okay this all seems above board. Boom.
And just like that we waste more of Case's money on food you could make yourself very easily.
Hey that's not true. I can't make a burger like Fat Burger. I don't know the secret fat recipe.
Just you can't put fat in front of every word and have it be fine. Just drink your fat shake.
Delivered especially with their fat car by their fat delivery guy. Whoa don't say that about him.
It's just his job. He's got his fat case and his fat shoes. He comes over he gives you his fat bag.
He doesn't even give you a fat handshake and then you'd go into your house which when you're
eating it is a fat house. You sit on your fat couch and you eat your fat burger. Why are
you so mad about this? I'm not. This is just that's what you do when you do the fat ritual.
He gives you his fat hog. You do you have to give them a fat tip obviously but it's not a good tip.
It's a fat tip. This is a bold new world of Fat Burger. You're not yourself and you're hungry.
This is just how you have to say that stuff. This is the part of the fat ritual.
Yeah fat like Jeb. Jeb's a huge when he's at Fat Burger he's Fat Jeb.
Ask for some fat Nathkins. I'll say it like that. You're trying to get my guff but not today.
Intern bring me a water. Jeff I wouldn't really mess with the interns.
You're okay Julie. Her name is Julie Grace so she says she goes by either.
What? Don't worry about it Julie. No chance of a water. Okay I guess that's just it. I guess that's
all the news for now. There's been some opposition to these ICE raids and there's regular protests
outside of Alligator Alley Hole. Alligator Alley Hole. Holy Alligator Hole prison hell.
There's been regular protests. I will say here in California and LA there's been
quite a bit of like community action against ICE raids. There's people that are literally like
trailing ICE as soon as they leave their facilities and just staying on them basically like observing
everything that they do as a means of hopefully and I don't think they're doing anything as
illegal as like fully blocking them but there's lots of people like tracking and trailing ICE cars
because I think just keeping eyes on these people makes them nervous because half the time they're
doing illegal shit and they don't want to be recorded. So there's been tons of protests.
There's been lots of like community and again this could eventually result in violence unfortunately
but there's been there has been some people like literally blocking like communities getting
together and just blocking ICE cars from coming into their neighborhoods. So you know I don't want
to make it seem like it's all hopeless. There are people absolutely taking action against this
stuff and hopefully as it ramps up that continues. I mean I don't think there's anything
illegal about it but I mean that that'll be the claim right that they're doing something
illegal but again I think it's fairly telling that when these people are like followed by just
citizens that they can't technically that they legally can't do things do not that
that will necessarily stop them. It like freaks them out. Apparently a lot of cases when these
like community action committees start following these ICE trucks around they'll
just drive straight to the cops and be like protect me. ICE is doing something illegal
by behaving as an illegal gang. No I mean I agree. I'm just saying they will claim
that they're not and that anyone who's like impeding law enforcement is doing something
legal. That's what that fucking Holman ghoul keeps saying basically. If I see someone getting
kidnapped by someone without a badge and wearing a mask I have an obligation to help.
Traditionally yeah just like Batman. I don't think that's very Batman like case. I think that's sort of
just basic human decency. It's a sliding definition of that lately unfortunately.
The police you can't touch. Yeah apparently I don't know. They're like going to the police
for security so they can then like go about their raiding. I don't want to make it seem like
there's like constant fight fights against these folks. Like there are unfortunately a lot of people
and in some cases straight up citizens getting like harassed and detained and potentially imprisoned
by ICE currently. Probably not just here in Los Angeles and California but seems to be a
focal point here on the west coast. So you know that's going on. Case with the analysis.
These things are happening. That's all the news Jeff. It's just saying things that are happening
probably to the best of our limited knowledge. Citizens, kids, veterans, Native Americans.
Yes there is no limit to the people that ICE will harass. Currently there are slight limits
but we'll see for how long. All right we will indeed and how long can I keep talking? Not
much longer. The ripples are fading but there can always be more because my name is in fact Jeff
Ripple. Bye bye. That freaking news out of here. There's no more news. It's 100% movie now.
That's kind of what this whole thing is. Oh fucking sick today. It doesn't matter.
What? You're actually... don't come near me. Fuck it's sick dude. I got a stomach thing.
But phew get my fucking guts out. It was crazy. When I get sick I get crazy because I fight
against it internally. I rage against the dying embers of my own stomach.
You should go home youngblood. You don't have to do community service when you're sick.
That's my parole officer. He's being insane. I gotta knock this shit out dude. I gotta make
more progress. How close am I to done? 30% which direction? About 30% left or I've done
30%. Yeah. Okay anyway uh we're watching trailers today. You can submit trailers in the bin section
of the cream dot team where there is in fact a trailer section. It's a multi-section marketing
scheme for you to submit trailers. The corn dog man? I don't know what this is but I'll have to
click on it right away. Let me double check that there was no... the corn dog man okay. I assume that
was the request because it immediately caught my eye and we absolutely are watching this shit.
Let's see what's going on with the corn dog man. Memory is a funny thing.
Sometimes you can live a whole lifetime without thinking about the past.
I've heard that. But just as you're ready to live out your golden years. What do you want?
The past has a way of reaching out and biting you on the ass. I ever find out who you are.
I'm gonna kid you deader than a goddamn hammer. Well I'll tell you who I am. Oh I'm your son.
From the 1999 Sundance Film Festival comes a dark and haunting tale of harassment and revenge.
God damn it I can't take any more of this. And the consequences of bigotry. What?
Oh whoa whoa whoa. Sundance Channel presents the Sundance. What was that about?
I didn't expect... I did not expect the full blackface.
Or for that to be being played by Sundance? Well it was a story of bigotry coming to get you.
It came up and you eventually received by being put in blackface in your movie.
The corn dog man from the Sundance Film Festival. Was it just why was that guy so angry? I don't
know. Did he win everyone over with... I couldn't tell if it was supposed to be like...
We feel bad for... Who was the corn dog man? Uh oh people were not a fan of that one.
Kind of understandably. But maybe it's a complex moral story woven with intricacy and depth.
I don't know it's called the corn dog man. There wasn't a single corn dog that's very true.
But it's like a theme. Corn dog was a theme. Just like racism and bigotry. That was um...
That was the plot. Oh the plot is racism and bigotry. But the theme is corn dog.
I see. Okay. I appreciate your analysis young blood. See we can work together to understand
things like corn dog man. A racist man gets his comeuppance by his estranged son with pranks.
Whoa. It's like uh...
Viva La Bam. Set in the deep south. Yeah exactly. Exactly. All right. Who killed Captain Alex?
Remastered. We're going old school today. I'm assuming at old school because
the still frame of this is just a blurry jump kick. It could also be new school but
extremely low budget. Let's find out.
Yo eat your fucking hard out Lionsgate. Now that is how you do a title intro. I don't need to see
any 20th century fox. Giant sculptures with spotlights on them are roaring lions.
That is how you do a title sequence. Oh no.
Oh.
Kicks are kind of good actually. Damn you got shot so much there. And that kid.
Oh what? What did she do?
What's that? What's that?
The hero. That is a different type of trailer than I've seen before.
Yeah the Elven in the Chickmunks relentless screaming is the style of trailer I've actually
yet to see. You've gone to be kidding me. You've gone to be interested honestly.
I don't know. Does the does the chipmunk voice happen the whole time because I don't know
if I could do that for two hours. Probably not two hours. Probably 90 minutes if I had to guess.
You don't know that? That's true I don't know that.
Wait till they meet Corn Dog Man. Oh shit if those two meet.
Honestly I think Corn Dog Man is going down instantaneously.
They were killing everybody really quick. That is true. I don't think Corn Dog Man stands a chance.
Five stars. I think if Corn Dog Man shows up.
Get it. We did it Joe. He's getting shot in the puddle like on site 300 rounds in the puddle.
Then he runs away. More shots in the back. Done four.
Oh shit did the zero not work? I think you can. Maybe the zero is not active currently.
We wanted we refused to accept your zero in this case. Card King. It was a perfect five.
You always forget about the crazy Ugandan movies. There's a bunch of them just like that.
Do they all have trailers like that? Because the voice was the main thing that surprised me.
Which is why did they have that relentless chipmunk voice? I didn't expect it.
But I did learn to love it. Okay let's keep it foreign. But let's up the budget.
Geostudios presents. Uh Dorondar. I hope I'm saying that right.
And maybe the trailer will correct me if I'm not. Let's see what's up.
I know what he's saying but I'll get it stuck.
Ladies and gentlemen you are not ready for this.
This guy's pretty jacked.
Oh shit. I think I got thrown in foil.
This movie is just guys with awesome beard and slow motion. I don't know it's about this guy
looking cool. Let's be real it's about a gangster getting fucked up by this guy.
Almost certainly. My dear sing. Oh wait there's a stinger. One second.
I have more flame transitions than I do Jesus. I mean I'm not going to complain. Damn.
I don't. It was so many slow mo shots. I know the trailer is good though because I complain
as basically as soon as it hits the 90 second mark because I have no attention span.
That one was two and a half minutes and I did not notice. Ever since I saw RRR
I feel like I've needed to watch more cinema. True cinema. I don't know if that's going to be as good
but that dude was jacked. He was doing some violent shit and that song slapped so
I'm down for Durandar. Expansion point one was coming in just a little too late John's
couldn't keep it from it wasn't quite a five though couldn't quite match the beauty of
um what was that other one called who killed Captain Alex.
Dude I don't know who killed Captain Alex so many people died in that trailer.
There's a thousand murder mysteries probably popping up after that movie.
Okay someone said there's an alien trailer that's good. If I can find it we will watch it.
I don't see it. Is there like a new alien franchise thing that just came out?
Let's search real quick. Um oh the Ugandan film Terminator vs Alien. Okay.
There's one in here called Zigfield Follies. What even is it? We did already watch three trailers.
Oh this is another classic. There's a new red Sonja. Sonja. Red Son- Sonny. Sonny red.
A new Sonny Reds coming out. Well I haven't seen this link to a trailer.
Okay this one's real short so we'll end on this. They're keeping it concise.
No!
Oh damn yeah.
I'm gonna get a number.
Whoa! Damn. They got roughly the same production quality as this stream. That's what makes it so relatable.
This beautiful stuff. Very impressed. To 2016 we could probably it's probably out.
It did seem to be coming out in 2016 you know.
Got nine years ago at this point. 2016. Damn that is rough that that's nine years ago.
Why would that be rough for you? You're supposed to be young.
Stop grilling my ass. I was alive in 2016. I'm reminiscing on my being very young time.
All right. This stuff that existed when I was in college I would have spent so much time watching
it with my friends. That's a good point. I feel like that's the kind of thing nowadays that
I see a trailer for. I'm glad it exists but then I don't end up watching.
But it is nice to know us out there.
Trump vs. Hillary vs. Terminator vs. Predator. Terminator? Terminator? Damn.
Those are some strong contenders today. Mine is probably Corn Dog Man. Well Corn Dog Man might have
maybe the trailer didn't capture the emotional weight and the tact with which they handled its
you know troubling subject matter. We'll never know because let's be real none of us are ever
going to watch Corn Dog Man. You never know. Live and Sleazy could suddenly say like I've seen it.
I actually interviewed the entire cast and I wrote it. I'll watch it tomorrow. It's free on YouTube.
Live and Sleazy does the research. He puts in the time to know what's actually going on
with Corn Dog Man and honestly a lot of stuff. All right. Well look it's free on YouTube so
next watch along. Two times speed Corn Dog Man. No you have to absorb Corn Dog Speed.
Corn Dog. Yes. Watching it. Corn Dog Speed. Corn Dog Speed. What even is that?
Think it might be half speed actually. Corn Dog Speed. Just look at your YouTube player and
find the Corn Dog Speed setting and that's what you'll want to watch that at Live and Sleazy.
And I won't be watching it at all because I'll actually be out of here because I gotta go
and that's actually fun though because you do in fact know what it is. We'll see you later.
Oh goody. It's Peter.
You saw me walk up. You know I sat down. You have to react to me like that case.
Yeah but then I have to hear you say stuff like that and make those faces
and then I'm going to react like that Peter. It's only normal.
Oh my music. Good to see everyone. I'm here for your daily news blast.
Well actually it's the bi-daily news blast because of cases inconsistent schedule
but that's not going to stop us from having a little bit of fun.
We're still trying to figure out why your breath smells like rat ass.
Well you know why it's because I live amongst the rats. I'm not I don't keep that a secret.
I live amongst the rats. Sometimes while I sleep they crawl on my mouth.
Mr. Resolved. I hope you're happy. No I don't like hearing that at all Peter.
Well if my breath's so bad can I maybe get a mint? Miss could I get a mint?
Yeah we have interns now. You're not gonna get one. But don't. Okay never mind.
Julie Grace is filling out a spreadsheet for why I'm not I didn't have the heart to ask.
She's getting college credits though. How? How is she getting college credits?
Hmm that's the college. Uh okay. Oh man subcommands. God there's so many things on this stream.
I vaguely want to overhaul but haven't yet and that subcommands command is one of them.
Okay Peter you gotta open up all the news. Oh me. Oh the food's here. Oh shoot play a song.
No not that one. Listen to the Pepito rap really quick. I'll be right back. He's still going.
It's not over here. It's fun to be in a different room.
It feels so big. There's so much of Pepito's body showing. Yeah it's really little though.
My body's trying to keep that in mind. My arms end right off frame.
Okay yeah I mean gotta be in touch with you there. Okay we gotta hurry.
The turning segment alerts off. We gotta get through this news. Then we gotta
talk to someone. Those are the questions.
Um yeah I need a goldfish cracker. Call for an expert. Can we hear from Julie Grace the bin turn?
Oh oh yeah absolutely. She's supposed to be here all the time anyway.
Julie Chat kind of wanted to talk to you actually. If you have any thing to chime in while we're
running through the news feel free. What's up? Okay guys if you have any questions for Julie feel
free to ask I guess. Yeah yeah gotta watch. Yeah um oh I guess she was responding to Ken you even talk.
What Julie what's your favorite strain? My roommates? You say your roommate? What?
Um Julie how do you get your hair so lustrous? Shampoo? What? That girl's on fire?
This girl is on fire. That's you Julie. Grace what do you go by? Well we'll we'll check in with you as
we go through the news. I gotta hurry up so we can eat. Julie we didn't get you anything because
you didn't respond to the text about food. We did text you six times and I called you and then
I came to you in person I said you have to reply to the text to get food. Julie you shouldn't
be disappointed with that. I just I gave you so many. I even asked you I took your phone I
said tell me what I'll text it to the group text. Technically that's the text you then used to get
the food because you're the intern. You ordered the food then. All right man okay let's go through
the stories that have been shared which you can share. Where Peter I'm your on a skateboard
you could share a story if you skated by someone at the cream dot team oh at the cream
dot team yes at the cream dot team you can share a story in the bin section yes that that's also true
but both things that I said were true okay let's check out a couple stories here it does sound radical
not this not this particular image though that doesn't seem radical
no probably not that one but um we've also got this not that that's one's about death
oh this isn't much better but let's go to it anyway metadata from the raw epstein video shows something
extremely sketchy when reviewing the metadata on the epstein video um wired it says that the allegedly
raw video that they shared um in tandem with the repeated claim that epstein died by suicide
yes it would that was shared as well the 11 hour full raw surveillance video from the epstein
night in which he died is missing a key minute where the notorious financier purportedly killed
himself in the footage that was just released there is no evidence that anyone entered or
exited the cell where he died here's a cut here's a fun cat shirt with matching cat shorts
after wired reported an independent experts reviewed its metadata however a more complicated story
merged specifically those experts tell wired that the full raw video from epstein's uh how can I
just say this is all the headline with so many more words well they got to explain themselves
tiresomely at length to fill up time oh i forgot anyway the metadata sketchy it appears the
file itself was saved multiple times before being exported and uploaded to the doj website
as sketchy as that may be wired cautions that there's nothing contained within them
to prove that the video was manipulated uh gosh i guess just that it was put into editing software
yeah apparently it was put into premiere i've i've heard a little bit about the story too
the metadata suggests that it was potentially saved several times and then exported
they did say it was raw footage which would imply you could pull it straight from
um whatever recording software they're using just take that exact raw output and slap it in to
the news feeds of us all um it's not surprising i guess that it might no it it you know it is
weird it is weird that you would say that it's raw and then put it in premiere and export it
technically there'd be no need to do that unless you wanted to adjust it i guess you could argue
maybe it was a it saves like multiple days of footage so you put it in there to cut out the
how many hours did they share was it an 11 or something i think we literally just read it
may already forgot somewhere between 11 and 24 hours of footage yeah 11 um i guess you could say
they cut out specifically those 11 hours but obviously the whole thing is incredibly suspicious and
almost certainly bullshit well but there's no facts to back that up case well there's
a lot of we'll call them circumstantial facts to back that up but we'll see certainly the
unease around this story isn't going anywhere but if any facts about the story are coming
any more facts that is remains to be seen i've seen a lot of people sharing that footage of
like jeffrey eppstein's brother talking about his death and being like i think trump killed him
but i guess that's coming from eppstein's brother there's also that footage of some guy talking
about seeing photos of donald trump surrounded by topless young girls with them pointing at a
staining his pants and laughing that's been in the news lately so there's some eppstein stuff but
it's mostly retreads of the old stuff and the new stuff is just them doing the same denial so we'll
see what happens or probably we won't see what happens i guess more accurately but we'll at
least get to see this doctors let ai control surgery robot and perform gallbladder removal on its own
oh they just let it let let it go for it oh my okay you know ai everybody thinks of ai is being
large language models now so the feeling here would be like chat gpt doing surgery i do know that
there's been some amount of ai and automation in the medical field for a while so ai in this case
doesn't necessarily mean like an an llm word associating its way through your gallbladder
but i guess let's find out an ai controlled robot has completed a gallbladder removal with 100
percent accuracy the procedure conducted by a team of john hopkins university researchers
demonstrated the power of ai which allowed the robot to make independent decisions and adapt
to unexpected complications on the fly the accomplishment is still oh wait you might be
relieved to learn though that the surgery was conducted on a hyper detailed mannequin
oh come on with realistically textured internal organs not a living human patient okay that was
a little bit of a misleading headline shocking neoscope how could they but i'm not i you know
i talk a lot of uh i'm fairly negative about ai on this channel in a lot of aspects but
if it could be used to make surgery more safe then i'm down as long as it's not being used in
the way that like um ai marketers are talking about it then i'm i'm totally i mean i'm even okay
with learn large language models as a technology all of my complaints are with how it's being
marketed and how it's being oversold so as long as this article and these doctors aren't engaged in
that you know they're part of john hopkins that lends it some credibility hopefully this is just
an actually exciting advancement in the technology that could make surgery more safe
but we'll see we'll see as it makes the move from fake meat sacks to us real meat sacks
well it'll be on a meat sack near you soon we can only hope leprechaun connor greger sent
nude photos of himself of himself on x us rapper claims oh azalea banks back in the news okay
miss banks uh banks posted a screenshot today on my greggers 37th birthday how you're gonna send
a bitch some crooked dick pics then threaten her not to tell banks said in a post a wall tagging
connor and expletive uh do you know who the fuck i am this is harm
you know azalea banks has gone through some pretty big up its endowments on social media
i like some of her music though to be honest and she provided receipts here so oh okay well hey
at least it's barcode and she's being pretty generous with the barcode there i gotta say
don't be a rat because all rats get caught he seems to have said here
wait i gotta let me let me just watch over the story there's a migreger video attached to the
story on discord um oh there sure is let's see what let's see what the presidential the wannabe
presidential candidate for ireland has to say a bid that i have heard at least is unlikely to go
anywhere we can only hope what's good hollywood it's a pleasure to be back here at the hard rock hotel
where you know this Saturday night with a flagship event we're welcome fighting machines topped by our
heavyweight knockout sensation louise salzambo perdona as he circles world title fight honors
but that's not all as much as we love the hard rock hotel here as much as they love bernockel
we have assembled a very forced inaugural world champion summit before you all but as you can
see beside me and in front of me some of the baddest men and women to ever grace planet earth this
is what we're about here i burn up a fighting championship the alien of combat sports and may
we rise above the night sky and rain down blows viciously yeah this is not sped up surprisingly
knockout fc has no love for the big glove so let's get going berno let's go flutter and let's
announce some incredible matchups some shock signings and the most lucrative tournament
it all of combat sport it's on discord i can't speed it up the baddest man on the planet
i can only slow it down come on yeah droopy we're talking about those nudes
leakin as we speak we've got all the leaky is nudes
live right now oh boy connor's leaky nudes uh as you went on to say how are you really gonna
sexually harass me with potato farmer dick then threaten not to tell honey you ain't trying to
be the president of ireland what is it giving fam you gotta be careful with the word fam when
talking about ireland uh use some fucking sunscreen damn connor greger for president
no me and connor greger have been sending each other unsolicited nudes since 2016 she sent them to
uh yeah like i said azalea banks is a little all over the place when it comes to her output
um but i mean i connor greger isn't even all over the place he's in one direction and that's
fucking insane violent sexual predator so if he's getting wrecked by azalea banks good
i will drag taioi siege of house and home i don't know what this word is if the greater public
of ireland's wishes your wishes are met who's the taioi siege oh that's like an irish position
government i forgot ireland put me to work seven years i am yours vote migreger just before banks
posted the screenshot of his barcode penis probably unbarcoded somewhere this is what he posted
that's the prime minister title yeah peter i'm irish ish stop misusing the terminology of
i proud people something i knew i'm so sorry i apologize to the people of ireland
you don't even have to say that seriously nobody gives a say you can say whatever you want about
irish people yeah you kind of can i'll be real um all right let's continue tessels penis shaped
taxi expansion illustrates how unserious the business is wait really is this a thing
tesla has experienced the has expanded the service area of its robo taxi service in austin
and it did so to draw penis shaped service match seemingly for no other reason than to
satisfy you know who oh yep so that they could then tweet this harder better faster stronger
god damn he is this is kind of based based based we love to say it
okay yep that's the thing he did it's fun glad he's having fun tesla uses a five megapixel camera
to not hit things yep and five inches of fury to draw their maps fantastic he's just so
funny you know he named the whole company the boring company because of the irony it's so ironic
the way he does things like for the he's because he's he's me he does memes remember how he does
he's the lord of memes or something and he's never stopped he's apparently got 100 capacity
and we're all it's funny and and he's a many beloved okay um a couple more here
a do do do
penises god it's it's so rare for us to find a penis story you don't like case
what it seemed like I didn't like that story
I love that he's doing all the he's being based like chat
said um oh god there's a bunch more okay let's burn through these last 10 ish we
gotta actually rapid fire these peter these are our final 10 stories we can cut to and also we were
supposed to talk to um miss gracey down there so we got to check in with her for any comment too um
okay she's ready that's good uh Italian rice farmers despair as flamingos target risotto fields
oh I've always said look I'm not in favor of making most things extinct but can we get rid of flamingos
what add options now how much longer can we keep this broadcast going I disabled segment alerts
there's no way you can stop me from quitting now you've lost firing power even of your self case
uh but I maintain stopping power I sell powerful stopping power
September is the amount that they can keep the street vote now
hella september forever and kindle who as well as yep that those are the options
classic options right there anyway I despise flamingos why they're pink from eating shrimp
it's ridiculous any bird that dies itself the color of its food it's cartoonish
you're complaining about a different thing being cartoonish I'm a man case
who lives in a wall with rats and I like to take things seriously unlike flamingos who are eating
risotto fields well let's get serious with this Cuomo video that was shared I don't even want any
context let's just see what Cuomo has to say and the winner was uh hella you can keep it going
hella chat and I'm gonna be going hella longer if you count these last couple of stories taking
hopefully no longer than 10 minutes the general election is in November and I am in it to win it
he's going for the third party vote in it to win it he's got this and unless you've been living
under a rock you probably know that the democratic primary did not go the way I had hoped did he
have a stroke my opponent mr. Mondani offers slick slogans man he still can't say it real solution
he still says Mondani look you can't read what the the text is there but
it's just saying the stuff about the story that the point is he's trying to copy his orons
whole she's trying to copy his whole style he's not succeeding though his eyes got excellent
vascularity in the arms in the forearm specifically I used to when I was in my 20s I worked out at
a gym with this older guy and you'd always talk about having incredible vascularity and uh
Cuomo's got some real vascularity in the forearms my old workout pal would be so pleased to see it
we all love to see his incredibly veiny forearms as he attempts to be relatable and can't seem to form
words at quite the pace that he used to so wishing him all the best I'll just get a tattoo thanks
what is freeze branding new body mod trend hits tiktok oh you're just pour a little
nitrogen on your skin I mean I like the scene from uh jason in space just minus the head smash
and only on a part of your skin what's the secret uh what's the secret julie from who uh I don't
actually know either anyway freeze branding is a thing so you can do that to yourself if you
want to have something like a tattoo but more like branding but with ice florida man posted
tiktoks inside alligator alcatraz uh he says they got him fired oh okay we can see the horror
we can visualize the suffering in a more direct way the ski the team rasky was posting these
let's see if we can even find the tiktoks um oh this looks kind of empty but this I guess is what
he's saying got him fired yeah these all look kind of like they're mostly exterior shots
I don't know looks like it's people setting up largely okay well all right yeah I mean I don't know
I mean I've I've I said he got well if you're working at alligator alcatraz as they like to
called apparently I don't know if I really feel that bad about you getting fired
um but I do kind of wish there were people in there recording what's going on so
I just wish he had recorded it once it was a little more full so we could
let the American public react to that well some people would probably be into it which would be
depressing uh yes Courtney Kardashian helped me poop I was skeptical but following her worked
following her worked like a charm following her around while you poop I'm assuming he means
following the advice what the hell um what is this story New York Post what is happening
my bowels and I have been on a journey there are a few things more humbling than standing in the
Dewan Reed with a fleet enema in your hand what the hell is a fleet enema and where can I get one
um it's just a type of enema saline ready to use soft flexible comfort tip oh I guess it's just a
a tool for enema nizing yourself that can't be a word if I say it enough maybe it will be
okay well look she's telling you to do enema she's Courtney Kardashian we unfortunately just saw
a larger image that I'd like to have her squatting over a toilet I guess let's move on
well follow her if you can't shit watching Courtney Kardashian will make you absolutely
liquidate your pants uh doctors are revealing the proper way to poop and apparently we've been
doing it wrong this whole time I'm sensing a theme among the current wave of wellness obsessions
fiber maxing is gaining major traction fiber maxing I actually like to um raw dog the bathroom
kind of like planes I raw dog my bowels
no fiber I go no fiber and I also don't talk while I should I just look at the wall
and I raw dog my bowels we're gonna move on from this one gonna make the executive decision
Comcast CAA invest in ethical AI video startup moon valley as part of 84 million funding around
oh good there finally there's an ethical one I was worried people weren't gonna get ethical with
it but these guys have it under under control yes this extremely ethical AI startup literally
they're telling us it is and I'm sure it is an AI company that is saying it's developing an ethical
foundational AI video model trained exclusively on lysis content announced 84 million additional
funding led by existing investor general catalyst oh good so now we at least have someone we can
go to so that no one will complain when we're generating all of these performances again I um
I don't entirely hate all of the underpinning technology but as usual the people selling it
and trying to jam it down our throats are very repellent to me but hey maybe they're above board
I'll wait and see we'll cover this story when it's industry standard I guess AI mechagandy yet
oh good as long as there's a mechagandy to fight the other various mecha ai's out there then we
maybe we'll be safe Jeffrey Epstein's accomplice joseph Maxwell is ready to reveal truth of
the pedophile client list say insiders so why are republicans blocking her well we could read the story
or we could just um we'll use a little bit of that thing they love to talk about in conservative
circles or common sense what could the common sense answer for that be republicans I wonder
okay here's a pig doing something
uh okay a man dressed like a pig in a costume is outside the ice facility in Portland
demanding big booty latinas not be deported apparently this is based um hey you know if it
draws attention to the deportations happening at least he's out there is that protesting I'm gonna say
sure sure that counts that counts oh good okay get your pig out fits on chat and head out to the
nearest ice detention facility mcdonald's mchire bought exposed personal information of 64 million
people by using one two three four five six as a password in 2025 what is what
hmm I don't really track what this means a pair of security researchers have revealed
vulnerabilities in the mchire chat paradox what developed for mcdonald's that could have been
exploited to reveal personal information the mchire chat paradox okay so its paradox is a company
and they've created a mchire chat bot saying that sentence though is that feels a little insane
I was hacked for the first time when I was 14 I put that in scare quotes because the password of
the account was one two three four okay so this the hack was typing in one two three four chat
just do one two two three four five six and then they'll never get you or if it's got to be a
certain little amount of numbers just remove one of the numbers or start it too no one will see
that coming two three four five six dystopia is here it's just the paradox mchire chat bot
it's just the vulnerabilities in the mchire chat bot paradox what are we worried about
hacker man hackers hate this one trick you won't last five minutes with this one trick
uh okay well we'll end on this piece of feel good news actually this is a good stopping point
scientists just predicted the exact date that life will end on earth how good I can set my clock at
last here's a fun little thought to ruin your sense of cosmic security scientists have predicted the
approximate expiration date of complex life don't keep us in suspense what is it sun is aging
that comes with more heat as it burns brighter or surface will warm when does it happen two
billion years they're being pretty generous there it's not soon chat I know that's going to let some of
you down two billion years supposedly but if speedrunning has taught me anything and watching
videos from summoning salt it's once we get the community on this we're going to get this
number down ASAP so excited to see what our top speedrunners of global death will do for us in
the upcoming years we've got some of our worst people on it and they are doing it non-stop so I
really think we can get those numbers down I'm hyper confident that we can get those numbers down
all right I think that's going to have to do it for today sorry we didn't check in with you that much
Gracie what was that Gracie what were you trying to do there I was doing
a joke to end it on kind of miss the other intern but he's not the Monday intern so there's not much
we can do okay and play another song while we find someone to raid you know Gracie I made this song
in case you like it
never mind I'm not going to play that let's just find someone to raid Christine is on
no I'm not hitting I was trying to impress her as a boss I wasn't hitting on her
this is already gone Gracie I apologize what um sorry that you were late but uh I gotta go eat a
fat burger and some fat fries fat shake someone call the toilet case is being inappropriate today
I wasn't talking to Gracie there I was talking I'm saying what I'm gonna do I don't really I don't
get I don't really get what's happening that's that's very fair thank you all for hanging out
say hi to Christine for me I'll be back on Monday um maybe we'll have a couple little things ready
on Monday yeah what I don't know I'm always making more assets is my point and some of them
will probably be done on Monday okay uh great great great Gracie send us out of here um the
raid message is what I'll be back I won't be back Wednesday but case I'll be back Wednesday
I was doing it I was doing it I'll be back Wednesday I was doing it
I apologize apologies Gracie the raid message is what okay really good time
had a really good time you did yeah okay I had a great time Peter shut the f*** up whoa what did I do
what did I do