I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Not cases brother said case, I saw you with Trump in the White House being so mean to Zilinski, what crawled up your book Jack.
Hello everybody. Oh, mirror check.
I see myself for the first time.
Uh, Peter Wiseman, thank you so much for the sub.
I can't wait for them to establish their own efficiency department called Pepito.
Principal Efficiency Person Intercepting Treats Organization.
We sort of already did in the sense that half my staff is unfortunately still missing.
I emailed the model, let them know that Doge can't fire us because we don't really make any money.
So we're not like a profit loss or gain center where it's just sort of a net nothing on the government actually.
But they all just replied saying that they're sick.
So I guess when they're not sick anymore.
I'm not sure when that'll be.
They'll be back in the meantime.
Unfortunately, we have to just keep rotating producers until Pepito stops running around who's still freaking out from drinking Jolt Cola.
Today we have another one of my cousins, Jace Lanfill.
Yep, it's me.
Jace Lanfill.
Another pretty disappointing option I know chat.
But on short notice, I just got to keep essentially asking family.
I don't know what I'm doing back here, but I'm trying my best.
Howdy to you.
Is that, is that good?
You're doing fine.
Because you seem like you're kind of mean to all the people here.
Just know we don't have to have that kind of relationship.
Okay.
See, do you see what I'm talking about?
Why is he like this?
Sorry.
It's an instinct.
We're going to be shivvel.
Now which button do I press to make a fat ass beat drop?
Mostly that's YouTube.
The YouTube button.
Got it.
Is this like the weird season 11 of SNL where Robert Downey Jr. and Anthony, and Anthony Mikhail Hall?
Absolutely it is.
Absolutely that is what happened to this network.
Except we still have chat.
And we still have Liliana.
And we still have Scrum and Peter for some reason.
That way I don't know why they're so loyal.
Because they're hoes and the hoes is loyal.
What that?
Okay.
You're a ho and you're loyal to me.
What?
I don't know.
I'm just trying to know.
Trying to calm people hoes.
See if I can bring that back.
Was that ever popular?
Is there is that song that these hoes ain't loyal?
I'm seeing if I can bring that back.
Why?
I don't know.
Just sort of figuring out how to make a bigger impact around here to help.
Sure things up while we're missing so many anchors.
And that's what you came up with.
Yeah, calling people hoes is what I came up with to help.
Cool.
Chat is our loyal ho.
I'm one of the most loyal hoes of all.
I'll call myself a meaning as a term of endearment.
Everyone in chat is my hoes.
My family's my hoes.
I was just trying to die.
It's just sort of fun.
Sort of colloquially it lasms.
Okay, chat.
Let's do some news.
Am I right?
Yes.
Good to see live and sleazy Peter Wiseman, Ray Silva-Scommer,
Lady Sy Tricks, John Michael, Card King propaganda,
not case his brother calling your ass out for being rude as a fuck
to that nice Russian guy.
No, Ukrainian guy.
And again, it's a rough day for me whenever JD Vance is in the news.
I didn't do the things that he did because I'm not him.
Dude, I saw you in there, dude.
Just fucking paling around with Trump.
I'm independent so.
I don't even feel a certain way about that, but that's fucking crazy, dude.
You guys are fucking- let's fucking talk about it, actually.
Okay, well, we'll get into the news.
I guess chat will be joining us.
Let's find out what's happening.
It's still you.
Let them take it from you.
I changed jackets.
Feels right.
Feels right to wear this in this seat.
The seat of the king.
How's everybody doing?
You already said hi to everyone.
Dude, that cowboy's right.
You weren't fucking on a hair trigger.
It'd just be mean to people.
I'm sure I'll try to do better.
The fuck you don't do better if you fuck him.
Oh.
You like that?
No.
I was trying laughing for you.
Oh, shit, we got-
Puss, it's chat the lead anchor now.
What is happening to the world?
I think I always was.
Pretty sure the network's mine.
Correct?
If you have to ask me, then how are you the leader?
I'm just confirming with myself.
Oh, man, a headline?
We are supposed to technically do the news.
It is one of the words in the title.
Did you see this angry exchange
that the world won't stop talking about chat?
Yeah, saw you- again, I saw you be rude as shit.
Case is just chat with the JD Vance filter on him.
Oh, wait.
Yes.
You had to make sure that that wasn't a slight against you.
My chin's too strong to be JD.
If the chin don't fit, then I'm legit, bitch.
I'm not that guy.
Well, I'm not either.
You are.
And you were rude, and I do have video proof.
It's the fucking- excuse me, sir.
Say thank you, heard around the world.
As your boy who- because he's you.
You know, I couldn't have been in DC.
And yet you were, and we're cutting to the video proof now.
Oh, that's the cat camera proof.
Shit, that's the cat- you can't even see the cats on this thing.
And that's one of the craziest things of all.
You can't see these fucking cats on here.
Boom, turn that off.
Oh my god, I'm just enabling all the cat cams.
Okay, turn off some of the- there it is.
There it is.
I don't know where the cats are, Case.
Are they safe?
Uh, they're just being covered up by probably you.
They came out of the corner.
They did, and I fucking missed it.
Case, fix this.
I want to see the cats.
Cats off to you.
Also, why do you have that box in the corner?
Oh, it's to separate the cats, he's saying.
But he's mumbling it.
Yeah, there's a cat- you can just see the ears in the corner.
And then you can see, in fact, another cat sort of hiding in the darkness of their safe little bunny box.
Anyway, that's our top story of the day.
I thought you- they wanted to talk about this JD Vance stuff.
Okay, look, we'll get into this.
If you missed it, um, what is worth this?
Okay, so I think you bit off more than you can chew with this headline.
Jeff Mason Trump.
Sorry, there we go.
Trump and Zelinski Angry Exchange.
You prefer the static cam?
We have no choice but to hear Case out here, because it's his network.
Okay, again, this is- it doesn't really do me any favors when I slide into frame.
Because I can immediately see the similarity myself in the monitor.
But it's not that similar.
It's fucking uncanny, dude.
You just slid into one corner while you're making a- a pursed face in the- in the other.
Anyway, let's not waste any time.
You've probably already heard this, because it's just such a fiery fucking exchange.
The real house husbands of the White House being catty as hell.
Let's let them- let's let them rip.
For four years in the United States of America, we had a president who stood up at press conferences and talked tough about Vladimir Putin.
And then Putin invaded Ukraine and destroyed a significant chunk of the country.
The path to peace and the path to prosperity is maybe engaging in diplomacy.
We tried the pathway of Joe Biden-
We will also check-
Something or chest in pretending that the president of the United States' words mattered more than the president of the United States' actions.
What makes America a good country is America engaging in diplomacy.
That's what President Trump is doing.
Can I ask you?
Sure.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Okay.
He occupied-
Sorry, Kendall appeared right next to us.
Did you tell them the good news?
Um, not yet.
Did you tell them the good news?
We got tickets to Blackpink, not to interrupt, you know, this extremely important video, but I honestly think that's-
Slightly more relevant news to us.
Yeah.
Yeah, we'll be there.
I had four people help me get tickets.
But I didn't need them because I joined a queue and I was 7,000.
I think you proved that joining the queue in the morning was the move.
I joined the queue at 2.30.
Oh.
But it doesn't matter. Joining the wait, the waiting room doesn't matter.
Well, you still won. You won the day.
More Kendall concert content? Probably.
I suspect you'll be like, I want to make content.
Oh my god, I couldn't have made that a video.
What?
She said she could have made us-
Oh man, I missed out on content just now.
See, I don't have an eye for content.
It would have never even crossed my mind.
Damn it!
That sweet, sweet content.
Okay, bye.
Bye.
What were we talking about?
This fucking Zelinsky video.
It's 10 minutes long.
10 minutes of me just kind of chilling out and enjoying it is what we're serving up.
So she'll just have to clip this stream and upload it to TikTok.
That's content.
To tell your boyfriend to tell chat about the Blackpink concert is content.
You don't have the same eye for content as Kendall.
It's not content.
Okay, well look, here we go.
I did our parts, big parts of Ukraine, part of East and Crimea.
So he occupied it on 2014.
So during a lot of years, I'm not speaking about just Biden,
but those times were Obama, then President Obama, then President Trump,
then President Biden, now President Trump, and God bless, now President Trump will stop him.
But during 2014, nobody stopped him.
He just occupied and took.
He killed people.
You know what the contact was?
2015.
2014.
2014.
2014.
Yeah, yeah.
So he killed.
I was not here.
That's exactly right.
That's true.
But in 2014, until 2022, what the situation is the same,
that people are...
There's already a couple signs that this isn't going well.
What would those be?
They all kind of look like they'd rather die than be in this room,
except for JD Vance, who looks like he's just trying to get a good grade on his report card.
But these two look pretty unhappy, I gotta say.
I haven't watched this yet, but I could imagine this isn't going to go well.
I'm not trying on the contact line.
Nobody stopped him.
You know that we had conversations with him.
A lot of conversations.
My bilateral conversation.
And we signed with him, me, like a new president in 2019.
I signed with him the deal.
I signed with him Macron and Merkel.
We signed ceasefire.
Ceasefire.
All of them told me that he will never go.
We signed with him.
Gas contract.
Gas contract.
Yes, but after that, he broken the ceasefire.
He killed our people and he didn't exchange prisoners.
We signed the exchange of prisoners.
But he didn't do it.
What kind of diplomacy JDU has speaking about?
What do you mean?
I'm talking about the kind of diplomacy that's going to end the destruction of your country.
Yes, but if you're not going to...
Mr. President, with respect, I think it's disrespectful for you to come into the Oval Office
and try to litigate this in front of the American media.
Right now, you guys are going around and forcing conscripts to the front lines
because you have manpower problems.
You should be thanking the president for trying to bring it into this conflict.
Have you ever been to Ukraine that you say what problems we have?
I have been to...
The count won.
I have actually watched and seen the stories
and I know what happens is you bring...
See, he's the content.
He absorbed the content.
He wants his being there.
Who's being tough in this situation?
I'm sort of unclear on who's talking tough.
Kind of none of them.
I'd say this is sort of embarrassing for everybody.
Now, I'm pretty sure one of them is being tough.
I'm going to keep watching and figure out
who I'm supposed to be impressed by in this situation
and I'll get back to you.
People, you bring them on a propaganda tour, Mr. President.
Do you disagree that you've had problems
bringing people into your military?
He is right on the couch.
That's a great point.
I expect to come to the Oval Office of the United States of America
and attack the administration that is trying to prevent
the destruction of your country.
A lot of questions. Let's start from the beginning.
Sure.
First of all, during the war everybody has problems.
Even you, but you have nice ocean and don't feel now.
But you will feel it in the future.
God bless.
You don't know that.
God bless.
You will not have a war.
Don't tell us what we're going to feel.
We're trying to solve a problem.
Don't tell us what we're going to feel.
I'm not telling you.
Because you're in no position to dictate that.
Remember this.
You're in no position to dictate what we're going to feel.
We're going to feel very good.
I'm actually, look, chat's probably going to be against me on this,
but I'm kind of relating to JD and Trump here
because it's very clear that they have no idea what they're talking about.
But they're starting to realize that they're being disrespected.
So they're just kind of just saying shit.
And that is a pro move.
How is that a pro move, Chet?
What are they trying?
What point are they trying to make?
They're like, don't fucking come here and talk.
Am I in a place that I talk?
Try again.
Checkmate.
Okay.
They're winning over, they're winning over Chet at least.
I'm a little less impressed.
Oh, of course.
Of course.
But they don't have the spine to say, excuse me?
Nah.
We're going to feel very good and very strong.
You're right now not in a very good position.
You've allowed yourself to be in a very bad position
and he happens to be right about it.
From the very beginning of the war.
You're not in a good position.
You don't have the cards right now.
With us, you start having claims cards.
But right now, you're not going to see this.
You're gambling with the lives of millions of people.
You're gambling with World War three you're gambling with World War three and what you're doing is very
Disrespectful to the country this country. I'm
Far more than a lot of people said they should have you said thank you once oh
No, oh no, he came in with the manners call out
It just I just it would be nice
to be thanked
For the hard work we do
That is
It's not a home move
It's a JD move is a home of goodness context. I'm trying to make the word ho a positive currently so yes
That and now JD unfortunately is the opposite of ho that is
Some pretty embarrassing behavior to be like I'll give me these say thank you to me
I guess it is nice to be thanked for all the missiles you send your friends
And and he's not coming correct with a big thank you note for all the warheads we sent his way
See this is how it's done Matt Liddell. Thank you for being our arms trading partner. Thank you for accepting
With grace all of the guns I sent you why are you sending guns to Matt Liddell? I'm just saying that's how it's a done case
Whether or not I'm trading arms with Matt Liddell is frankly none of your business and honestly case
I really don't like your fucking tone right now. Oh, we'll chat. We don't have to do this
Well, it's somebody brought it up actually and it was you
So if you could just if you're gonna come to my new studio and tell me how I should be upset about whether guns are being sold or not
See look at what I'm doing
Unaffected this is why you're no fun. You just don't get riled up in this entire meeting that you said thank you
You went to Pennsylvania and campaign for the opposition in October offer some words of appreciation for the United States of America
And the president who's trying to save your country
Please with a lean back the nervous angry lean back another classic JD move
Looks to left and right tries to get a pat on the back from Marco Rubio doesn't get one feel sincere sadness
If you will speak very loudly about the war you can speak in your country's in big trouble
Can I go to the movie? Yeah, you've done a lot of talking your country is in big trouble. I know you're not winning
You're not winning this I you have a damn good chance of coming out. Okay, because of us president
We are staying in our country staying strong from the very beginning of the war. We've been alone and we are thankful
I said thanks you haven't been allowed cabinet
We gave you through the stupid president
$350 billion you will military equipment you men are brave, but they had to use our military
What about best if you didn't have our military equipment you invited me just have our military equipment
This war would have been over in two weeks in three days. I heard it from Putin in three days
This is something maybe less in two weeks. Of course. Yes, it's gonna be a very hard thing to do business like this
I tell you say thank you
I said except that they're accepted American except that there are disagreements and let's go
It's you just remind me what that is rather than trying to fight it out in the American media when you're wrong
We know that you're wrong, but you see I think it's good for the American people to see what's going on
That's why I kept this going so long
He was a jarred thankful. You don't have the car
You're buried there. Yeah, you're people are dying. Tell you you're running low on soldiers
Don't play running low on soldiers. It would be a damn good
There's four minutes left. I don't want to ceasefire. I don't want to ceasefire
I want to go and I wanted this I look
If you could get a ceasefire right now, I tell you you take it
So the bullets stop flying and you meant stuff course getting killed cause we want to stop the war
But I saying you don't want to see I said to you
I want to see a guarantee because you get a ceasefire faster than an agreement
I can't work people about she's fire. What they think that wasn't with me
With me that was with a guy named Biden who was not a smart person
That was you that was with a classic Trump insult
Excuse me that was with Obama who gave you sheets and I gave you javelins
Yes, I gave you the javelins to take out all those tanks Obama gave you sheets. Does he mean the fucking southern fast food?
gasoline station
because then
Between the two
I'm guessing you saying he gave them like blankets like you know
international aid
by Dan
He means kkk sheets
Damn Obama gave those away
No, I don't I don't think that's what skymer meant. Hmm
They're still yelling
Yeah, I mean not anymore, but they've got three more minutes of yelling left in them
So I guess let's sorry four more minutes of yelling in them. So let's hear them out
Because how could you help it? They're yelling
In fact, the statement is Obama gave sheets and Trump gave javelins. That's the statement
You got to be more thankful
Because let me tell you you don't have the cards with us
So Lindsay just trying to pull like a Jim Halpert, but he wasn't sure which camera to look at is that what just happened there?
You got to be more thankful
Because let me tell you you don't have the cards with us. You have the cards, but without us
You don't have any cards Caitlin. I do want to be okay
Well, actually the last three minutes is these other people talking and I'll do the talking. Thank you very much case
I don't again. I don't like your tone. You just want to fight because you just saw them fight. I
Can't help it if I get affected by the things I watch you you disrespect
How about a thank you for me watching that case?
Thanks jet stop being agreeable dang dang you
the previous hosts gave you
Hepatitis and I gave you a back massage
Chat just stop trying to do the same thing
Is Trump a Pokemon card scalper? I
Don't know that's pretty next level if he is
I
I don't know
It seems kind of powerful. I guess in the first administration. I can't remember Trump getting into shouting matches with
Foreign leaders that we've been supplying
arms to for a four fight, you know a longer potentially
So that's sort of a new development. You usually he says the crazy shit
Kind of behind cuz he just called him a dictator, right? Yeah recently Trump called the list kid dictator
I don't know if that was before or after this but that wasn't the news as well
I don't know the context
I guess we could I guess I could look it up. You are technically supposed to be telling people about things that have happened
I've heard
Zelensky dictator Trump. Let's see if that's a thing that's on YouTube
Going to happen
Common ground with kids drama, but there are things you disagree on as well. You described
Zelensky as a dictator. He describes president Putin as a dictator. Do you see that as a problem?
the relationship between
President Zelensky and President Putin is not a good one you've noticed right? It's not a good one. There's not a good relationship and
We'll have to try and work something out sometimes that happens I
Get along with both. I
Have a very good relationship with President Putin
I think I have a very good relationship with President Zelensky and I work sure about that
You know we're doing the deal then we're gonna be in there. We're gonna be actually in there
Digging digging our hearts out where and hopefully
We need the rare earth and we have some here, but we don't have enough where our economy is very strong
And we need a lot of things that in some cases we don't have here. So I think we're gonna have a very good relationship
But the relationship between them is not the best
I
Said that I can't believe I said that next way
Did I say that oh?
anyway
It's it's pretty
It's pretty
Guess embarrassing. I don't really know what to expect at this point. I guess I'm not surprised and that's also a big problematic
Is it weird that I'm so confused by listening to him talk
Did I do that?
Yes, it's it. No, you should I mean he just sort of
Just dribbles out nonsense. He's hard to listen. You like, you know, he'll get a couple of
Trumpy and kind of memorable things in there and any given speech
But then there's about 90% of what he says is just kind of a
Rambling drivel so it's hard to listen to even for a minute and ten seconds. I
Said psych afterwards so it doesn't count well
He's he waited a couple days to say psych I guess because they're like did you say this and then he's like
psych
There's no statue of limitations on the word psych actually just has the USA network
Olson twin little kids response approach. He does have a very it's like, you know perverted full house
It's like dictator full house brain
Yeah, you know, he's a simple man, which I can relate to but he's also not the simple man
Truly a stack of crown predictions
Case, please punch chat. I'd like to see you
There we go. Try
Got his ass. What do you mean? I don't know. I just feel like I got your ass there
James of Rodericka's file. Yes
Yeah, I mean that seems bad it seems seems like a bad approach to international politics
Even if you were gonna cut Zalinsky out to dry it feels like there's sorry leave him hanging out to dry it seems like there's
More competent ways to do that than inviting him to the White House. However, I suspect like with many things how you see this particular
Caddy ass bitch fest from JD Vance and Donald Trump whether you see it as like
Standing up to the foreign menace, which of course a bunch of mag of shitheads are gonna see it that way or as a
deeply embarrassing affront to democracy which I do think is more accurate, but you're more likely to see it that way, you know if you're
On the liberal side of things
Yeah, but I mean let's be real it's very blatantly embarrassing, but
You don't have a but but
I just mean you don't have to be like in favor of
Imperial aid and constant intervention in foreign countries to think that that particular display is embarrassing
Matlodell's gifted a community sub again the international aid is still coming our way and as a thank you Matt
I'm sending you a couple more glocks stop sending Matt. I'm not a joke
I'm not gonna send you guns. I don't think that's legal. It's probably illegal to even say you're going to
But it's I'm just it's a if you do if you do arms trading as a joke then it's fine
Maybe it is Trump tough love. I don't even know you just can't trust anything that he fucking says even though
He has this crazy display and flame out with Zelinsky like
Ultimately Ukraine is intended to be a projection of American power like it's not like Biden was
Involved with Ukraine to project democracy, you know, they were hoping to undermine Russia and project American strength in that corner of the world
And maybe eventually get favorable trade deals on Russian gas. I don't even fucking know, but it wasn't because we care about democracy
Not that we shouldn't necessarily offer you Ukraine aid it's just
It's not for the reasons that are stated in the media at least
So what should be done? Well, not whatever Trump's doing
It's fair to say that whatever your opinion that's probably not the right tact. Yeah, but now everybody knows if you come to America and try to
Continue the trade agreement that we previously agreed to for arms and protection
We're gonna pull the rug out from under you you fucking bitch got their ass
It's
Listen up Jack
Uncleful just Mama Jan the fair and shining tasty coins and I've been dying to say this
I gave a shrill tons of guns and bombs
It's a good American prank ever good good one, Mr. President. Is it a good one?
At least the Pito still running around the studio. Yeah, Pappito. Can you just come back to?
The actual producer area he's busy. He's fucking running around licking stuff
Sorry the UFO is still broken maybe I could fix that right now. Oh
The most hype move of all case trying to fix his screamer bot
Now you gotta do that later. I probably do that later
Anyway, if you want to see the UFO just pick the dinosaur and it triggers both
Um, Greg to you you mentioned that we were supposed to do a
Guess that I missed and then I missed saying what it was
But if you have one, that's where I'm paying attention now. So let me know we do also have to talk to the linty
Request from somebody somebody wants to hear
Be Grendel
He's just watching
Still have a bunch of excess points from that one time I accidentally won lost a bunch of crumb to me
It can make you rich sometimes
Anyway, I have no idea what um
I have no idea what that display from Trump necessarily means other than it seems like a
Continually degrading slide of bad behavior that we're just meant to get used to I guess
On the international stage
I
Guess if you want to be kind of nihilistic about it
The actions we take are kind of just as gross in many cases as the thing Trump says
But it still creates a bad feeling it does not feel like
It does not feel like it's nudging the country in the right direction by just inviting
Foreign leaders over and then kind of getting in a weird is he fit fights over them where they demand that you that they
Thank you
But is it really so crazy to say
Just give me a little kiss
That's all he was really saying
He's like I gave you a bunch of missiles. Can I just get a little peck on the cheek?
And then you just kind of you can say I really like that. That was really nice
Wouldn't that be kind of sweet?
Oh, they should have said he needs to smile more and also like
What's where's that dress we bought you you look so good in that dress you could dress up a little bit more for us
You're just kind of in this track suit
But we got you that pretty suit you're not even wearing it. So smile more maybe make a little more eye contact
You got you got beautiful eyes when you look at me
That's just again. That's just diplomacy sounds like harassment. Well, but now it turns out they are the same thing
So, you know the hype train is going and I need to figure out
Solensky
Definitely seems like there's zero potential to offend anyone there
Yep. Okay. Well, we'll be back with more news
But for now whatever the hell case is gonna do see soon and we've got a debate demanded
Dang
Dang dang dang, okay
Jace were you able to get a hold of Zalinsky? I mean
I
pulled out a little yellow pages phone book and
I've went to the Z's and I called the first
Number that was was attached to a name that looked close
Okay, then I guess at this time
Welcome
President Zalinsky oops. I hit the wrong button. Oh
And I hit the high pen button. Is that bad? Did I do bad?
Can you just can you switch to the guest?
Jace
What are we doing?
Okay, I think you got the wrong Zalinsky Jace. I mean is your name Zalinsky sir
No
It's Zalnova. I think this is closest. We're gonna get well. What did you want to talk about?
Who residents linsky that would be
That's sort of what he just went through he kind of went through his own resident Zalinsky 5, you know
Voldemort Zalinsky, are you Ukrainian? Nope. I'm Russian
Well, I don't know if
Your whose opinion we need on this. I mean, I'm not saying I like fucking wars and stuff. So
You want my opinion? Yeah, I was crazy
It's not that useful opinion. What are we supposed to say? Huh? He's fucking it's a little crazy
He's probably not gonna be good
I'm not long enough timeline. I already will be fine
What kind of analysis is this you don't mean that you call me on the fucking yellow pages
I come here you put me in a crazy blue coat that I'm just supposed to give you opinions on fucking international politics
I'm doing my best. Yeah, I guess I am kind of hard on my guests
It's kind of crazy. What else do what are they saying? What are they saying on the fucking news the real news stations about this?
I'm the real news station. This is not a real news station
The thing behind me is just like a really bad painting of
Of just white colors. No, that's our satellite room
This is just a fucking Matt drawing and I can't tell what it's a Matt drawing of I
Miss the angry exchange between Zalinsky and Trump well, and we can recreate it for you right now
Hey, say thanks for me fucking coming here, dude
Well, no, I find the American that I have to demand to thank you from you. Oh, okay, and I'm like hey
Can you just give us the shit you said you would and like can we just keep this fucking gravy train of well not gravy but
Full-on death rolling
But there was no laughter case is not doing it correct quit nervously laughing
There was no laughter Trump smiled occasionally you can do that
Okay
No, you okay well you do look like JD Vance if you look like JD can you just like kind of be even more of a bitch
That's gonna be a challenge. I can't imagine that being a challenge for you, but try
Excuse me, sir
Could you take your sunglasses sunglasses off while you're inside actually you're inside a news station right now
There we go, that's more closer not quite but that's closer. Listen and these sunglasses protect my fucking eyes
Anyway, you get it then they fought it's I
Call it like a cockmeasure in competition, but it felt like no genitals existed
Anywhere of any sex it felt smooth like a Barbie doll in that whole fucking clip from everybody almost
So that's your report
Yes, I guess I was the closest ZEL name you could find on short notice and
I
Don't want to come back. Okay. That's that's fair and I won't all right
But a similar looking guy could come back with a different accent
Fair enough
It's a linsky, can you say bug sack for us, please it's actually is a novel
Okay, bug sleek
Can't be how you say that bug sick bug sick bug sack bug sick
Okay, honey plans to play a president in
like a TV show and then
Maybe a Russian president in TV and they become president
Not the bad idea, but I do live in fucking America obviously
Because we're in Los Angeles and I showed up in two seconds. I fucking sprinted here man
You didn't drive. How good I?
Can I play piano with my penis
now say
this is the blish in the theory of Nism
This is this is this is tablish but theory in the sun
That's a pretty good
No, this is another too many Russian people around lately Wow
Well, I just mean I have too many Russian guys on my network. I didn't have any before and now there's two
You mean they fucking quote us. What's going on here?
It's just more than I'm used to what the fuck are you saying
Get the fuck out. Yeah, I'm fucking out of here. I don't have to put up with this shit
You know, I guess there's just when the Americans are talking to Eastern black guys. We just can't fucking get along
I guess that's just all it is now we can we can
I'm more of a blue social I'm more of a blue sky guy not a Twitter guy. I'm on your side
Wait, but I'm Russian. Well, which side are you on? I'm also in America quit making assumptions fuck
I don't know what to tell you then man. Well then
You're part of the problem. I mean probably okay. Well
I'm more confused than when I showed up. I think that's as good of a time as any to leave bye-bye
I'm sorry
I'm still a Chinese propaganda arm and we do need to keep that in mind
I'm here for the Chinese propaganda
personally
Just so you know, it's this Russian DEI
Yeah, I kept my DEI programs in place despite a government order, but I got some worried crosses and it's just all Russians now
My bad everybody
Okay, well that counts I'm gonna say that that counts
Did you even check with was great to you still around did you have another person you needed to talk to?
I'm scrolling on Greg to use behalf
The expert from a few days ago was the bin doctor on staff that got mentioned. Oh, you said you had a doctor
Do I get medical here? No
Why do you have a doctor? I just I would I wouldn't call him
medical coverage
But he is technically a doctor of what?
Oh
Yeah, I didn't check but he's a doctor. Okay, well
We'll be talking to him. We'll go amongst the web and then we'll talk to this doctor
That we've already done our due diligence and covered so much news today
We can reward ourselves with some little web videos. Let's find out what we've got today
Everybody shut up
Everybody shut your mouth
Stop it stop
Shut up. Hello
Scrum as the scum I Russian no I'm Presbyterian
Scrum come on man. What do you do? Can't you just have a better attitude? You're here
I have to be I've case renegotiated my contract because we lost so many
People couldn't tolerate his presence
But there's no proof that that's what happened. That's what everybody who said in the private email
Discord server private email discord server. We have both
We're tired of your guff
Trying to turn over a new leaf and be best less combative with my co-host
But you set a rough tone. This is just constructive feedback
Mmm-hmm when you say shut up to everyone right away. I know guff a lot. That's a policy of mine as well
That's why today was so such a
Disappointing display is the amount of guff that was being allowed in the White House. I don't like politics
But I hate guff
So who's sad are you on the anti-guff side again? I don't care for politics. Okay?
Well, that's fair enough I guess
No guff no girl you're gonna make me miss garf stop missing
What's behind you start?
Lusting for what's in front of you you no stop guffing
Okay, do you want to watch some internet videos?
As we like to call them
The kids call them internet videos. Hmm. I don't care for children. So
Don't know about that and don't care to confirm
This is a classic scene
This is uh, this was a moment in a film
One of the few moments in a film that's ever really deeply moved me
What I saw this I thought I
Don't care for film. I
Hate TV and I don't like books. That's what you thought. That's what I thought but this still moved me. Let's see
Sometimes you have to play a classic even if it makes you sad
That's one of my biggest fears
That a ninja is gonna pop out from around the corner and
Do that absolutely
Ever since I saw that film I've sensed that that's probably the way
That I will be sent from this world
So I'm extremely cautious with corners. It could be behind that TV back there
You could pop out from anywhere
And I know that they will eventually that's why I wear a medallion over my heart you do well, that is a classic
All right eight point one seven that's solid
Let's see how people feel about this next video. I can see it going some couple ways
Let's find out which one does what a what was your problem with that one too loud
I
Didn't even have it turned all the way up was burning all in my ears
and the screaming of the feline with a feline woman
tatsy was a
little more split on this actually oh
Could we just move along please how many of these are we doing?
You need more you you're gonna cover it in your life. Is that was that the work of miss Yoko?
Because I know thank you
6.31
Is that you trying to be rude no I'm trying to say stop that's all I'm trying to say
Stop it
To what oh?
All right, well maybe this maybe like this one. We'll just keep trying stuff out. We'll figure out kind of what's more your speed
Scrum
That was pretty good. Oh man
Scrum that one was pretty solid
It's got a good message an apple a day will keep nothing away
believe me if
Anything you'll get sores in your mouth because apples give me kanker sores. It looked like scrum fine
Good you couldn't keep me away with an apple because I'll still eat one. I won't care for it, but
They are edible. What is your point? My point is it was a good video with a strong message
Don't trust in apples to solve your problems
They will not
Those not come as advertised the apple a day. I gotta pick up the base here scrum. I just gotta oh no
What is this? I?
Don't even you know what I'm just going for it. I don't know what some of these are I
Usually don't actually so I don't know why I'm pretending to
Let's just see what it is
That also had an effective message
Though I didn't care for the music
Or the club or the coloring
Also, I didn't like the acting
They're like the song the acting how it looked was too long, but I liked the part where they were it ended
So to me that was one of the better videos. It's crummy gotta open up your heart just one tiny bit incorrect
That would kill me another false statement. Don't listen to case opening up your heart
It was just a leash a torrent of blood from your chest. I didn't mean it literally well
Then don't say it
Try speaking accurately for instance. This was a
167 it's a very clearly a 1.67 stop getting upset you said you wouldn't
Seaman retention club from Elon Musk
What?
Well, we'll find out that that's what this is then love a great deal of like a massive amount of thinking
Like truly stupendous amount of thinking has gone into sex
Without purpose without procreation without procreation
Which which is actually quite a silly action in the absence of procreation
It's a bit silly
Why you doing it because it makes the limbic system happy. That's why that's why
But it's pretty absurd really
Well, the whole of existence is pretty absurd in some kind of sense
Yeah, but I mean this is a lot of computation has gone into how can I do more of that?
With procreation not even being a factor
This is I think a very important area of research by NSFW
Uh, and as you see that should receive a lot of funding especially after this
If I propose a formation of a new agency, oh boy
Uh
Incorrect
You're actually pro sex. No
No
It's not silly. It's disgusting
And existence isn't absurd. It's gross
Their terminology is all backwards
It's not funny
It's not funny like a
Like a log tumbling down the stairs
But in a in a way you wouldn't expect
Existence is gross and sex is disgusting
And the worst part is when you have kids
It's it's more disgusting when it's for that
So just get it straight
They were going for a jump but for me it didn't land
But it did get a 310. Are you dyslexic?
That was rude. No, I am. Oh
Oh, I thought you knew then why would I ask?
I thought you were asking because you knew how do you like to be talked to? No, I don't
Okay, that ends up. Um
What the fuck is this?
Okay, I suspect this is gonna be bad for all of us
This is pickle surprise
English nothing
The hamdusties, please
Did I say repeat my mantra?
Damn, that's gross. This isn't getting you at all
Prize
Yeah, that's gross
Oh, all right. I understand you understand. I understand
Okay, are you okay? Yeah
I get that one. Nicey. What do you see? I got it
That was nightmare fuel
I enjoyed it more than I thought I would I'll be honest
I liked it. Wow. All right
Because I understood it
I'll take your word for it. Oh my gosh, you guys it's Fiona
Fiona has appeared in this so 15 seconds long is your 15 seconds of Fiona nova. I'll hire her
That worked on you. Fiona. Just know I have some
Business emails that I need directed
And I appreciate the aesthetic
I think she directs business emails. Well, I have an opportunity for you to direct some business emails
I could use some punch-ups and some visuals and you're available
I don't pay well, then why would she do it?
I'm just being upfront. My offer is no money
But but I do have a raw proposal
What's the proposal that she doesn't I'm a tough negotiator
Okay, that's an enemy I've heard a long time. Well, there she was
You know, she's 9.73 rated on
amongst the web
Because she can put that on her resume. No, no
That's true. She probably shouldn't put that on her resume. What the fuck?
All right, let's do two more. I think this is shark tank. I'm gonna guess this is shark tank
Sonia from Colorado Springs, Colorado. Are you ready to recite one? Yes. All right. Here we go
Oh, the bible. Please recite John 12 44 through 50
John 12 44 through 50
Jesus cried and said
He that believeth on me believeth not on me but on him that fit me
And he that theists me theists him that fit me
I am come alight into the world that whosoever believeth on me should not abide in darkness
And if any man hear my words and believe not I judge him not
For I came not to judge the world but to save the world
He that rejecteth me and receive is not my words has one that judges him
The word that I have spoken the same shall judge him in the last day
For I have not spoken of myself, but the father which fit me
He gave me a commandment what I should say and what I should speak
And I know that his commandment is life everlasting
Whatsoever I speak therefore even as the father said unto me
So I speak
John 12 44 through 50
You want to know your score?
Well either way you're gonna find out because you just got 1000 points
She recited it all
She did the memory was strong
The words were correct and the s's were hit with a plum
A well-earned 1000 points
Good day, madam. Oh, so you're a bible guy. No, I curse god for giving me flesh every day
But I do like a good reciting
With accuracy
That was accurate. Okay, every wolf says they posted a good one. Let's
Let's
Don't give it away, YouTube
Don't give it away
All right, let's check this one out
Excuse me. Do you know how to get into this neighborhood? Oh, no, I'm sorry. I actually live over there
I'm just going for a walk. Uh dang. I'm trying to find my wife. My phone says she's over here somewhere
Oh, are you picking her up from a friend's house? Uh, no, I think she's cheating on me. Oh, what?
My friend, let me in that car. I will help you find this bitch
I thought you said you didn't like over here. I lied. I thought you were a serial killer turn right up here
But I'm a woman
Why do you think I was a serial killer? Just because it's a male dominated field doesn't mean women can't be killers
When you're marked turn left
My tracker says we're getting close
Up there. I recognize that house. That's a co-worker's house
That bitch those rocked through the window. No need. She saw me. She's coming out
What the hell are you doing here? What are we doing here? What are you doing here?
Who are you? Oh, I'm just going for a walk pretend I'm not even here
She's here to help me find you. You're cheating on me if that's not for marketing. I knew it
Are you fucking kidding me? Well, did my wife tell you that she never lets me hang out with my friends?
Which is why I feel the need to be sneaky like this
No, she didn't. Don't let you hang out with your friends. Just not the ones that were fucking in love with you
Oh, so Maki, Jenna, Latila, they were all in love with me. Maki was literally your ex. She has from middle school
Just get in the car, please. We can talk about this at home
Well, this was the best walk I've ever been on but I should probably get going now
No, I knew it
Yeah, about that
Oh
No
We're serial killers
I knew it. You did know it. So this whole thing was just a roof. Yep. You don't think it's too much
What? No, not at all. You mean it. Well, it worked on me, didn't it? That's true
Wow, I should not have gotten in this car. You should have
You really should have
I like the message. Okay. I didn't like that. It was one person doing it all
It was lazy
I don't like that as a format generally. Okay
It's gross
Solipsistic
It was fine. I hated it
That aspect of it. I like the message which is that everyone is a serial killer
Well, that's not true. That was the message and I agree
But get some friends. You don't like people. I don't need them, but she should
Okay, we'll do one more
Just for you, Scott
Chat liked it. They're wrong
Besides that's only a 0.78. Okay. Well, you seem to be able to read. Okay. I only have it for numbers
And saying I'm wrong makes it worse. Okay, I'm not sure how that works, but I'll take your word for it
Uh, all right. Let's end with this one from psychor
If you don't like it, you can't blame me
Now you have to blame psychor because I said their name
Hmm strong protection from k for case
Hey, what's going on? Justin Doverknoll 39 years old
I appreciated the accuracy as well of a similar dating profile
You have a dating profile against my will
It was part of a it was part of a legal settlement settlement
The judge rulings for people on this network don't make it sound as bad. You're telling me
Oopsie j date
No, I'm on c date
What does the c stand for you don't want to know
Cryptocurrency cryptocurrency date. Yes
I don't like crypto
But I think that the people who like crypto are kind of sexy
You don't like it yourself. You just think the people who use it are hot. Yes
That's not I don't like that scrum. Well, I don't like any of this
He's on bear one one
I'm not a bear
I'm a badger. Is that a thing? I'm one of them. So yes
Well, that does sound about right
Sounds like I'm about done. Bye everybody. That's it
So, yeah
Let's put your coat
Feels good to be me again
I mean it always did
But it just feels so good to once again be thoroughly crushing your score. We're literally tied
Literally tied so not sure
What you're talking about there
Okay
Couldn't help but notice someone quickly rushed over here to join us today
Oh, who do you mean?
Who do you mean?
Crom I'm not against anyone being in the studio who's allowed to be
I just wasn't sure if we had a full open door policy here
What do you mean? You trying to say some people aren't welcome here from
Why what are you so against and who are you talking about?
Who are you referring to nobody at all?
How much do you owe this our friend over here the rock-a-fire gorilla?
Uh, well, we are at an arrangement currently where I'm definitely going to pay them back
I owe them a certain amount that's on screen when you don't want to say it right now
Well, when I say it they fly off the handle. So I'm not being speak. I'm saying they can be here
I just didn't know they would be and
I don't love the music they're playing
I don't love that when I'm cutting to them
It feels like this music is just sort of suggesting something if you could play a different track
Do you have anything else you'd like to play rock-a-fire gorilla?
No, I guess not
Should we yell at foreign leaders whose country is a war is war-torn and we are supplying the weapons?
Well, you think we should
Well, the people think I'm gonna win today. Well, you better hope you do otherwise
You're not getting $5,000. I get to pick your side of the argument remember or you don't get paid. That's the new deal
Well
You know, I but I'm really not in favor of doing that. Well today you are well, maybe I maybe I don't care about
Okay, uh, yeah, that's yeah. I think we should yell it. I think we should yell it foreign leaders
I'll take that side. Yeah, you will
Yeah, have you even said thank you to the rock-a-fire gorilla?
Oh my god rock-a-fire he hasn't
God that's so well. Thank you for playing music for us
Usually it's so quiet in here
other than the
Uh other ape next to me screaming
Oh
Whoa
Wow, I apologize. I pop I didn't mean to insult
You for we're all apes
We're all apes
You did not accept that apology at all
That's what that's gotta be worrisome for you
If we have a mod that doesn't mind making
the debate
We can just do that for the day
I'm on the side of yelling at
our allies and foreign leaders
Just berating them seemingly to no particular advantage. That's the side. I'm on
Please vote for me
This is what I this is good. I do like I like everything that's happening right now
Um, you were distracted by wrestling. What was the question? Subrichi. Thank you so much. It's um
Should we yell at foreign leaders whose country is war torn?
And we are supplying weapons to you can just simplify that to should we yell at foreign leaders if you want and the
The rest is implied I'd say by the events of the day
And I'm on the side of yeah. Yeah, I guess we should
Is that's what you weren't?
Well, no, that's not what I want you have to admit that you want. I well, it's a debate
It you can't force me to say that this it is still the devil's advocate style debate just so we know
That that's what's happening here. Uh, well, but you do kind of have to stand by what you say, of course
Look, um, do I appreciate what trump did today? Well, let's take that off the table for the minute
I'm talking more abstractly. Well, it did happen today though. So are you are you on his side?
My point is you sometimes you need to take a strong hand with foreign leaders, um
The people of ukraine are in a really tough position
And I can understand why feelings would be
At 100, um
Defend your point
Look, um, they really do unfortunately, uh, impress large swaths with their population into the military
Some would say that's out of necessity, but it is an unfortunate practice their population
The american media isn't even reporting their death toll currently
The death toll of the war could be drastically higher on an abstract sense. I am in favor of suing for peace
Do I trust trump to do that?
Yeah, what I guess I do because I because yelling works
Yelling is going to solve it and we should do it. We should yell at more people
Oh, my throat's got a tickle. Well, maybe it's because you're not yelling enough
We should yell at each other then
We should yell like little maniacs about how we don't get thank you and nobody cleaned my diaper today
And you should have done it salinsky
You should have cleaned my little diaper because I'm a big boy
But it doesn't mean that I don't deserve a special wipe down every once in a while
That's what I think. So let's just run the country that way. Look, I'm yelling so it must be good
And I'm on the I'm on the side of doing the right thing actually I think we should probably do what's right
I'll operate with respect and I fucking win for thinking that. Oh
See how I won at the end there so easily
You see how easy it was turn my fucking music
Look, I'm speaking softly and respectfully like I always do you don't speak ever softly look at me being a gentle boy
Filled to the brim with respect for our foreign allies
Steady hand look at my hand it literally doesn't shake
It doesn't look how smooth my hand is god i'm calm in the lead. I never lost
It has been not that long actually and I never wasn't on top
But god it feels good to be back again to where I was in the victory seat
Oh
Can we go back to the arrangement where I
Get money when you win. Nope
You should have tried harder
You weren't really I don't think you get it yet. You weren't being very convincing. Was he being very convincing rockifier gorilla?
Oh, no
Rockifier thinks you weren't being very convincing at all
And you haven't paid him in nearly a week. That's not true. I paid him $3,000 the interest keeps going up
I just need every bit of money I can get
No pay no play exactly. Did you guys get you every as long as chat got their money? That's all we really care about
Right rockifier
God he's playing so slow and methodically. He's really a master of all styles
A piano virtuoso if you will
Some say he really knows how to tickle the ivories whether it's a keyboard or your fucking back crumb
Your bones
Or human bones aren't made out of ivory
Yeah, they are we got the same stuff in us as rhinos
No, I don't think so all our bones are the same stuff as whatever a rhino horn is
Um
No
No, that's just definitely wrong
No, they're yeah, I just I just looked it up. It's not that's not right
Actually, I think it that you think it is right and I wouldn't mind debating that right now. We just did debate wait
I do need the money. Yeah, sure
rhino born human bones are made out of ivory. You're on the side of yes
um
Modge I apologize, but if you I do I need to take every swing I can get here
If you don't mind making that poll
It I didn't google it and now you're getting it and um
Yeah, I mean, why would why would they well
Are we doing that look how fucking nervous you are what's got you so flustered crumb
What's got you so flustered ivory doesn't even equal elephant equals human bones. No that's well
Yeah, it is also true that I don't know why you're going for the rhino horn here
Uh, the poll is are human bones made out of ivory? Yes or no
um
I could also I could also just do it
I'm not above just doing it
I really need I need to do as many of these as I can or my wife is
Going to leave me
Oh god, yes
No
um
Are human bones ivory? Um
There you go teeth are bones for your mouth. No teeth are teeth
Wait, yeah, what well, that's a great point. There is some ivory on your teeth
Um, and that's like uh, those are the bones of your of your stupid fucking face and your gullet
That filthy disgusting gullet that you vomit all these words out of well
Turns out you're tickling the ivories with your shitty fucking tongue every time you speak much so congratulations
Uh, I'm gonna count that as a big yes for me. Actually. I misspoke before because teeth are ivory
Greg says they're not
Well, but I have to have I have to defend it somehow don't I?
Well, no actually they're not though. They're not that's a silly thing for a child to think
You have a baby mind. It turns out
They're not and saying they are is denying existence denying reality and they're burying your head in the sand
I thought something you are so against because you love your facts and reasons so much. So what happened?
look, um
Sometimes you have to have a more fanciful view of the world and belief doesn't necessarily always have to be dictated by the facts
Uh, you know all of human existence is mostly just interpreting symbols interpreting symbols and patterns
Um ivory is in a sense a human construct anyway
So if I want to call my bones ivory to make me feel big and strong like some people who are incredibly insecure do
I don't really see why that's a problem. Um, are they ivory in the conventional sense? Well, you know what?
Yeah, to me they are I like to imagine my bones as being the bones of a powerful elephant
It makes me feel big and strong
It makes me feel like I I'm not just a lonely fucking loser screaming at a man that just desperately needs help
That is desperately asking for your help for you to stop this madness for you to just loan me the money
Because I'm good for it if I can just get out from under this interest
I'll be fine and I'll call the bones whatever you want. I don't care anymore
Munch good enough
You're scaring the cats crumb
Oh, I why freaking did it?
Oh
Look, I don't feel as good as I was hoping I would and I feel bad about scaring the cats as you should as you should
I believe shoot wasn't there in this one of disinformation. I'll bring reason to the four
I've challenged the status quo and it's always the lie. They're nor
Hold on tight. Prepare for the truth to shine. That's why we're tied again. I mean, I'm still ahead but damn
But faction science all heed. Oh good. We're tied
You say your twisted tales just give you away. He hates kittens
That's true
But you've been on the record is that for you hate all adorable animals
Is that a thing I have to defend? No, we spent too much time debating today. So I actually have things to do if you could stop being so
uh, selfish demanding all these debates
I'm seeing the waves. How long can you do this and actually enjoy it? Just the bridge. Yes. I am suffering
I'm suffering. I'm uncomfortable. I'm scared of the gorilla because he's threatening to murder me
Is that good enough for you? No, I want to I want to sit in your longer longer
I said a lot more money needs to these to be exchanged here. It's only 5 000 at a time
So it's gonna take a while. You're crumb believable
The gorilla has been paid today
So don't need for violence today gorilla
Boy, I've I've never really been bothered by the length of my song until now
I would not mind this segment ending for the day if there's no more money that's gonna happen
This is all about money for you. That's so sad
For me, it's about respect for the audience the spirited debate, but for you, I guess it's just a paycheck
It doesn't have to be
It doesn't have to be maybe maybe I bet you some money
All or nothing on the next debate. No, no, I don't I don't think I'll be taking that
No, thanks
Stop
Unless it's for me your crumb
He will get what he wants to see what I did at the end there. Yes, we were arguing. I think I nailed that as far as I can tell
That's true
Okay, well that's all the time we have uh, thanks so much everybody for voting for me twice
I basically won twice. We all saw that happen more or less and uh, don't even fucking stress
because me and my best friend
Rock-a-fire gorilla will be back real soon
So just really honestly this is about helping crumb
Just helping crumb through the process of accepting what he is. Bye. Bye. Thank you Matt for hanging out
Thanks to all y'all for hanging out. It's your boy Trent
We're pretty much near the end of the stream anyway. I'm assuming because I'm basically the grand finale every time
Crump
What the hell are you doing here, man?
Sorry, I was just offering crumb some words of encouragement. Oh my god
Chris what's with this?
What's with this look man?
What changed it up a little bit?
Fedora, you're a fedora guy. I mean it fits it fucking fits, but
Damn damn man. Look. It's classic. Look
Can't help it if I look good in the fedora. It's not all about beanies young blood. You got to switch up your hat game
I
Don't think you do you're I mean look you should be for instance. You should probably check your hair. It's looking crazy
My hair looks immaculate and young
Fedora over beanie. No, don't encourage him
Yeah, maybe I'm sneaky. Maybe I'm being sneaky
You're not allowed to say you're being sneaky if you're over 50. That actually is a sex crime
No in a playful way. I'm being I'm sneaking around you can be playfully sneaky. No
No, not at your age that you cannot be actually
It's always threatening once you're old like you
Okay, well, look we
I guess you were telling your opinion, but I'm entitled to say let's watch some trailers. We can have some fun
He should I mean I'm assuming he's already on lists
So I guess he's just made peace with that that he saw all the lists
Well, there's positive list too young blood. Yeah, but not you're on the bad ones
My point wasn't you're on the bad ones
Yes, I understood that
The parenting official trailer the parenting
Is this a horror movie about parenting? I guess let's find out immediately
Oh that I have to say something just ignore it
Those pipes you're allowed
Oh, they're fucking if those are pipes the house is about to explode
I'd like it to be pipes
Your parents are fucking please god no
Bro, this house is dope
You're getting greed up there and also you're gonna ask them to marry me. They are gonna love you so much
I have to let the dogs out what what dogs prick frack and fuck if I know sorry the f bomb. That's not me
I have been here in the house with everyone for a day and it feels like a year
Excuse me. I saw it. There's something really bad happening in this house
I think these summoned a demon stuck in a haunted house with my fucking mouth, right?
Does anyone else want to take a turn?
Those little chickens made me go off like a rocket ship. They've got them
Frank, where is your towel? It's the heart of the rock. Look at it
The frayfuckin
You always say that you raise me to be strong enough stand up to anything
Eventually, you've got to let me do it. I don't like that word. That's not me
Look
I always see it pal
Sure, whatever
I'll never say no to a
Potentially our rating comedy anything released. Was it our rated? What's our again?
It's like an old rating system for when people saw movies if it was our rated
They'd say fuck and maybe there were boobs
And maybe that's what that is. I can't tell
I know that sounds pretty old and lame
Um, uh, whatever
I'm scared. No, I think I think it's a comedy. Yeah, but I'm scared dude. I'm not afraid to admit that I'm scared
Raiden are for hard they were talking about dicks. You think they show his fully erect penis
Probably not I'm gonna go it on a limb and suggest that's unlikely
Hello
What's up
Kendall's done with work and we're almost done with the stream
Yeah, we've got like 10 15 minutes left
Kendall likes that
You to be done Chris
That's fair. I don't need to be here. Oh wait, I actually technically legally do
Are for for re harvard
It's re harvard a new way of saying something else if it is you just said it. Oh shoot
There was two f bombs so it had to be our wait. Couldn't you say fuck though on tv after 10 p.m. At some point
I don't think so. I remember it was a big deal when nypd blue let them say
Shit like once
Is that I don't even know if that's still a thing
I guess tv's still a thing
More or less. Okay. Well, we're out of our depth here. But knowing whether tv's a thing what words you can say
Let's just watch another trailer the world will tremble
At what I'm not sure. Maybe this is another parenting comedy. Let's find out
I am aware of the hardships your jews have endured since the start of the war
But you have all been chosen for good honest work
I assure you your suffering is finally over. It's not a parenting comedy
It's fine
What are we gonna do now? What the Germans are doing that will help us
On the way up tomorrow
We cut through the truck and we don't stop running
Stop the truck!
What this place is what it really is I think there is a Germans of burning death camps
You know I can annihilate an entire nation and get away with this
What do we do?
The world must know the truth
I'll let you know what Kendall
I'm sure we've all got questions
Will not remain silent
So not a parenting comedy Kendall's question was
Are they gay?
They could be
I think it's a valid question. I mean, you know
The the thumbnails sort of them
Behind each other
Look all questions are valid
And the jury's out
I would have to watch the movie to find out and
I probably won't I'll be honest
We're living the sequel
Yeah, you know they're bringing back just the this is a Holocaust movie. Here it is. It was bad. You remember when it was bad
You probably don't but it was
Oh, shit. I guess I don't because I wasn't alive, but
According to some people it was bad. Yeah according to less people than you'd think
In that everyone should agree it's bad lately
It's trendy for some people to kind of be like was it?
But it was maybe this movie will help us remember but also
We'll see
um
Cannibal comedian
The official trailer
You know, let's just end with this tom hardy one because it's really short. I just came from a crime scene nine bodies
I'm like one phone call you and your friends go down
for life
What brings you boys here? We don't want to miss out on all the fun. This is my town
And don't forget
I know what you did. You have no idea what I did
All right, I'll take it the raid director tom hardy beating people up sure
Kendall has a question
on a scale
of
Was it nerd
The jock nerd the jock was it nerd the jock? Where would you place tom hardy?
Okay, scowling nerd to jock will say one is nerd ten is jock
One is nerd ten is jock
Uh, yeah, that was it. It was on a scale of nerd to jock. Where does tom hardy fall?
Seven to jock
I'm saying ten is jock. I am placing jock at ten nerd could be at ten. Yeah, but it's not
Was it geek the jock?
Do you remember the question? It was either nerd or geek, but you get it the idea
Does it change your answer if the if it's geek to jock?
Well, it was like as an actor does he feel like he's more of a geek actor like i'm venom or is he a jock actor like
I'm venom
Between logan paul and jeff hardy that's okay. I'm not
Is jeff hardy on the nerds. Okay. Those were probably both on the jock side. He's more jock
I feel like he lends jock energy to nerdy things jock
No gay wasn't an option. Okay. I just made that up
And because I don't know if you can even put gay and jock like on opposite sides of the spectrum
They meet in the middle often. He is bi
So he's at least he's somewhere in the middle of the of the spectrum. Anyway as a group that that question
For us apart
My argument is that he is actually a little nerd
But I can't quite he was more jock. I said that he's on the side of jock, but not all the way
I said he's on the side of nerd
Because one he's definitely had sex with men, which is a very theater thing
Is that's you're calling having sex with men some nerd shit? No, no
Is that what you're doing right now? He's a theater actor and think of all think of all
The characters he's played they're very on they're on the very nerdy side
Yeah, yeah, that's that's my argument. He like plays slightly nerdy jocks
Mm-hmm. He's a thoughtful jock sort of
Kind of anyway that puts him at a seven. I think chat was right that it's a seven
Mad Max is nerdy kind of a little bit
It's also that's super nerdy. Yeah talking about it's like you can take the football team to it
But they don't they get kind of confused why there's a guy pinching his nipples
Yeah, like if you just left the action in they would love it, but then if you
You only took if you took the action out and just showed all the people going
Yeah, they're like are they implying that there's like mass slavery of the teenagers in this
Their brain is tries to think and then they just get mad
Yeah
Hardy more jock than cavill. I think I think cavill's more nerd than hardy
Yeah, that's what they're saying
Hardy more jock. Okay. Wait. Yeah, you're on the same side
I was ready to get angry because of the way my brain processes information
Yeah, I do get mad a lot. Well, you should work on that. No
Did crumbs scare the cats because that's fucked up if you do like they're like in the corner together
That's the effect the the cats were cowering in the corner because of crumbs bad behavior just so everybody knows
Be sure to let them know next time you see them
Okay, we have to talk to a doctor and we have to get out of here for the day
Uh, I don't know who who bin's doctor is supposed to be but let's send it back to k so we can find out. See y'all soon
All right
I was wearing my commemorative Trent beanie
Sometimes I like to dress like the host just to feel special
Um
We need a doctor
Call me a doctor
Okay
Here is uh the bin doctor. He's available
He's in for business
Um
Um
Dr brisket. Thank you so much for being here. Um, yeah, it's a pleasure to be here a dr brisket
And the doctor is in
Thanks dr brisket. Um
We've had a hepatitis outbreak recently here at uh, bin studios. Anything you plan to do about that? Um
I have to hit hit hit me with it
Okay, uh, don't worry. It's not this isn't replacing papito. This is the doctor. Yeah, I'm not replacing anyone
And I can't be replaced because I'm a doctor
Yeah, dr. Wesley not that one either. I'm my own thing
A dr brisket
Does he like cheese? No, not that much sure. I'll have some
But I'm all about heart health and eating
Not that much stuff. That's
I'll eat most stuff, but I'm not gonna I mean, I'll eat you. I didn't say it's not my whole thing
Okay, case using food as a name is confirmed. No, I'm a doctor. My name happens to be brisket
Can I answer your question?
um
There's rumors that you're reusing needles. I mean, I'm not gonna
Waste needles if I can reuse the same one
I can't also get a little something to remind you to get foot inserts case
I will get foot inserts because you're going to you're going on a trip and you need your foot inserts
Okay, well, thank you doctor
brisket
We don't interact that much because I'm so healthy. I mean, that's can't be right
Uh, your your chef's deathoscope. Oh, you know chef's deathoscope
Oh, man. Yeah, we do also have a chef named stethoscope
Um, but we'll have to meet him later
chef stethoscope, yeah
A classic chef
Okay, we haven't quite hit two hours yet. So we'll do a little rapid fire news to get us out of here for the day
And you know what? Why don't we do it with dj music who we haven't checked in with in a while
It's some rapid fire news with dj music
Oh my
geez
Okay, whoa. No, not that
uh, no
What the hell
That was been touching my switchboard. There we go swirl me up
That's too is that too swirly?
Might be too swirly, but we'll go with it anyway
Don't worry. We're getting these lasers ready. Geez. That's uh, feel voluminous
There's a big echo out here on the roof today. Damn
Let's try this one. That's better. Okay
Whoo
How's everybody doing it's been a minute. It's your boy dj music
Lots of layoffs have happened here at the ben studios, but there's no stopping the love
Love of course also being music by the trans transitive properties of music and love
Let's get some fricking lasers going. All right
How's our auto tune doing today? Probably not working is the uh, oh it is
I'm finally auto tuned
Okay
Went back to being some auto tuned everybody
Uh
Where's my freaking lasers go dang
Guys the late it's surely case didn't doge the lasers
There they are. Okay, don't worry
We still got the lasers. Boom
So what am I supposed to be doing? I gotta do all the news case was
Too busy screaming at the cats to do
Maybe I should bring in crumb for an apology rap
For daring to scare those those those poor cats a little bit of a whisper rap
All right y'all
Whoops
One second
The lasers are misbehaving
Alexa it's stream time
There we go back to normal here on the roof. Okay
Lasers denied for a second there. All right. Let me let me pull up some stories for y'all. We're gonna rapid fire the news
You can submit stories for me
To accurately cover rapid fire style at the cream dot team
All right, let's see what happened today
Give me some news music
news music
Oh, yeah
Feeling sexy out here right now. That's a trailer
Oh, yeah, look at all these news stories pouring in
There's so much news to cover
And I'm a news lover. Let's hit it y'all. Oh
Look at what some fur you're taking off that dress
Well, that's a brave new world damn girl
Movie theaters calling collapses learning the screaming of captain america screaming
More like screening but by the end everybody was screaming. Oh, no
It might have not done that well at the box office
And for that simple reason
The ceiling said let's stop it
The critics said were pretty harsh
But that was just the start
The razy awards are coming from madam web. Oh my god
Razi awards madame madame web. But damn named worst picture naps two other trophies
Beautiful well earned congratulations to madam web one of the all-time great ending sequences
spoiler alert
She ends up in a chair and I'm not saying that that's funny, but the way they film it is pretty bizarre
Okay, we're gonna show everybody just how
We making love on the roof with a little bow checker wow wow
Meanwhile flashes an instagram alternative based on blue sky available for our phones now
Bow checker wow wow that seems like an ad
It's actually news though turns out that's news. Don't get confused everybody just go download
Flashes
Maybe it's the new hot thing
When you first those open flashes you'll be prompted to log in with a blue sky account
So if you're not on blue skies, and I guess you're fucked
And that's what's up
James Cameron says under trump. It's horrifying and is he lying?
As he becomes new sit New Zealand citizen
Hollywood is crying
Our number one guy said we can't survive
So he left
And he doesn't love a man now he says new zealand is the best
And I could give you some reasons for why our boy is leaving
Trump attorney general Pam Bondi blames epstein files for being incomplete
The FBI said they were gonna drop some hot sauce
But at the end of that day they also said let's stop
They didn't really unleash the uh kind of barn burner epstein files people were expecting
Lots of it was redacted. Who knows why why would they redact those they seem so excited to share them but
For some reason they didn't
Speaking of epstein and sex crimes
Governor DeSantis says the Tate brothers aren't welcome in florida
They're not welcome in florida
Honestly kind of surprising they seem like they were made for florida
When you look at these two guys you kind of think florida
Turns out they're not into you. You know that you really have fucked up when you even get banned from florida
Case is going to florida surprisingly not banned
He made it
Any other stories? That's probably all the news. It's probably every piece of news twitch ceo reveals 2025 plans
Blah blah blah buzzwords collaborations monetization finally
What the people have been crying for?
monetize me, please
okay, um
Here to apologize for upsetting the cats
Because uh, you know people said please no more crumb. He said I need to apologize. I insist
Let's look up an apologetic trap beat to apologize to
Apologetic trap anthem this one's called no apologies
So that's gonna be you know, I'll look up a whisper trap beat because what we really need out of out of
Crumb is for him to understand volume that volume affects all the creatures around him
In the moonlight you're soft
Okay, that's not gonna work. We're just gonna say this works
Because i'm tired of looking for these crumbs. I can't find the perfect beat for you
Here to whisper an apology for us get us out of here for the day
It's Leonard from fuchsia's crumb. Okay. I'm good. I gotta keep it down. Sorry. Can we turn this off?
I'm here to say sorry
Everybody
Treats are lying. I feel really bad for scaring the feed lions
Apologize to
Miss Zorro
I yelled to how then I should not have let it go
somebody call
The girls from frozen
Because my volume was exploding
Sorry about that to both of the cats, but i'm here to apologize with rap
That's the new me
I'm controlling my volume, baby
Give me a little loud. Sorry about that
Never meant to be too loud. We're the decibels at
negative 12 man
Drop them even lower negative 20. I go slower negative 25. I'm still a little loud. Sorry about 65 cheese talk trash
I can talk trash and nobody can hear me
You're actually still pretty loud
Yeah, but the gorilla probably can't hear me if I talk trash at this volume because I'd be so quiet
I don't I don't know
10 pound gorilla with a 10 pound gorilla rock fire. You're not inspired
Rock a fire. I don't owe you jack shit, bitch. I know that you're a liar
This is fun. I'm letting some aggression out, but this group that gorilla is gonna see this
I'm being too quiet. He's not gonna see this
I don't know why you would play with fire like this. You owe that gorilla so much money
Uh, well, how about this?
More like a simple 10
talking that sim me in
gorilla mind
No mind at all
promo you're having a ball
whispering to all the girls
own goal
Fo sho
You're gonna get murdered by a gorilla. Well, my point is I'm here to apologize to the kitties. Sorry for being too loud
Uh, just forward this to them play this on the tv loud enough for them to hear because I was whispering
And let them know that I'm sorry and uh rock a fire
You probably couldn't hear any of that. We just know I got your money
It feels good to blow up to blow off some steam
This is all I mentioned much though
Well, he's gonna get murdered by a gorilla. That'll be fun to see
Okay
That's the stream for today
It's friday
Weekend time
So let's find somebody to rate who's sublime. All right
Nice we're waiting for a little bit of life
Oh
What do you say
It's time to rate our number one girl avali may
We done
DJ music riding off into that LA night sun. It's late
And it's dark
But I keep LA lit with the power of my heart. All right
Pop it off with another ballot. I'm shouting out check because I see bonus salad
And you know that I like to keep it nasty and so greasy call me a greasy spoon mod
For my friend live in sleazy propaganda
v2
Apple dApple pick in some hits so you know they're coming through sinister. Del
Well, here is the code msd
1138 making the whole chat explode greg t you thank you as well for hanging out uncle field
2k stacking double g's no doubt. Oh, yes
It's a hero
Count to a million you'll never be as good as tasty zero
True blue 91ers and everybody else thanks for hanging out. We about to get off the shelf
Leslie for the day
Because we are done say hi to avali may in five four three two one. Bye. Bye
That's it. That's it. That's okay. Okay
Turn it all off turn off turn off all the music
I'm just fucking playing turn it back turn it fucking back out