I'm Papita, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Someone tickle me.
Why hello everyone.
Welcome back.
To this place where news happens.
Very excited to be with you all today.
Definitely not distracted by anything at all.
There we go, now we're working okay.
We all love news VentureTK, that's what we're really here for.
Every single one of us as proud Americans, we love news.
If I were to ever make a dating profile, then no need.
No need Kendall.
Right on there, I love news.
Number one thing about me.
I also am still seemingly a little full of fluids, so you'll just have to deal with my voice being maybe even worse than usual.
Sorry everybody.
Good to see a chain mail.
Propaganda, Skymer, Greg to you, Apple, Dappel, MattWeb.
Smoke packs in there, propaganda.
We're going to the streets, live in Sleaze in the master mod lurking around somewhere.
We're going to play some kind of game.
We have a new bar that I can control on command.
Very exciting.
Apparently, the Pino Y, is this the first new subgirlbeck?
Crum said, you need money for legal.
He said he need money for legal?
He said something like, please, please, please, I need money for legal.
Something to do with a penis in his eye.
You mean P-N-U-I?
I don't know. That sounds just as dumb as what I said.
That's true.
Little Tommy Biglot is expensive.
For those who don't know, it would seem that Crum has gotten into some legal trouble with internet company Pino Y, which I personally don't use.
This is not an ad, but you use it to measure.
It takes the color of your urine and uses that to profile the most valuable stock advice specifically for you.
And somehow Crum got caught up in those legal crosshairs.
I don't claim to know what this man does with his time.
But, like UsaWild seems, he's not using it wisely. I guess we'll just put it that way.
That's a little cool to say.
Check it out, I'm wearing my best yellow.
If it's yellow, let it mellow.
If it's brown, well then legally we can't offer stock advice for it.
Pean, let's drop, let's bury the hatchet here. Why is this so close to my face?
Crum?
Well look, I do need a little help legally if you guys drop any bits or subs and...
Oh jeez.
What just happened?
Why'd that even trigger?
Or was it a bit or a shove or anything?
Who knows why the hype train does what it does.
It's good as a mystery sometimes.
Maybe just...
Oh here's the other thing, if assuming it's working correctly, this bar should now also take up every 300 bits.
So the next time we get 100 bits we'll know if it's working.
For those who wanted the logic there, it's because...
300 bits is equal to roughly 1 sub as far as I'm concerned.
You know what I mean?
Crum?
I don't know what you mean.
Umm...
I'm not in the shove game, I'm in the legal defense game.
God, that is way too close to your face.
Is there... what?
Oh is that better?
Slightly.
Where's this train I heard so much about?
Bits are better.
Yeah, you get more...
But anyway, I'm also planning on soon setting up a donation button somewhere
so that if you hate Amazon, which I understand, or Twitch, you don't have to go through that.
But I'm going to quite set that up lately and then that'll affect this too.
That's sort of the logic behind me taking the time to make my own proprietary,
fully proprietary donation bar.
Simulstream to kick.
Let's kick it off guys.
I'll pass.
I'll pass on kick until...
Let's say absolutely half do, I think I will pass on kick.
But you can always watch me on YouTube.
Look, you can pick.
Do you want to watch me through Google?
Or Amazon?
Look at the wealth of options we have in this country.
Or if you really want to go independent, you can support a bunch of degenerative, conservative gamblers.
It's a beautiful world.
I agree, I'm like everything you're saying.
Oh you do?
Humble.
Yeah, it's kind of rumble.
Stream to X-Videos.
I would kind of rather support X-Videos.
Bit shoot?
Is that something I can start myself?
Where's this hype train?
It worked.
It went up one.
Yes, Mr. President?
Listen up Jack.
Scimmer just, Mama Jan 300, shiny, tasty coins and I've been dying to say this.
Yes, what?
These vids are to put you where you belong.
Most penitentiary, all us X-Pres, Watson, Chatterbait.
You thought that the president's getting in on that?
Me too.
What the fuck?
You sound a lot like a Pito today.
People say that I used to also have a really high voice.
That's another one of my powers.
I can also sound really high up.
No, that's been, that lane's been carved out.
Essentially by the hamsters.
You need to be lower, actually.
I can do whatever I want, please.
I can throw my voice all over the place.
Is that fun?
Is that fun for everyone to listen to?
Your music's already done.
I still have minutes of life remaining.
Play me a Sibian type beat.
Sibian type beat? Do you even know what that is, hype train?
Isn't it like a, um, isn't it like a, an old country or something?
Siberia?
No.
Well, anyway, play me a Sibian rap beat, baby.
Hello, MSG!
This isn't a Sibian type beat.
I don't know what that would be.
Dirty Bands is what came up.
Dirty Bands is what you get for a Sibian type beat.
Is this giving you Sibian vibes?
Well, I don't want to be offensive to the Sibian people.
So, just know that I'm not stealing Sibian culture.
I'm not sure that's a thing.
Well, and you've never watched how it's stern.
Cause I'm on sit your ass down case because it's time that you fucking learn. Let's do this.
Every time my pussy gets wet, it's a safe bet that you know where I sit.
It's a Sibian and I've been getting it in and I'm done with it.
And they're feeling so slim that I'm looking good while I'm shaking the brown.
It came so hard that I took the whole damn-
AHHHHH!
He did know what a Sibian was. That fucking liar.
He didn't even get around to thanking anybody.
But, you know what that means is now your job.
This horrible task has somehow fallen to you.
Oh man.
You didn't get to climb it.
Can I eat a Sibian?
I don't.
I'd prefer you don't.
Bin sponsor? That might be one of the few I would have to say yes to.
How could I say no to the Sibian?
A staple of American culture.
What?
Oh, that was all of them?
That was a lack of support.
That was more support than the hype train or I ever deserve.
Yeah, but not me, Kate. I want more.
I also have a stake in this. I get cheese and stuff.
It's going to be a long road to the Crumb Legal Defense Fund,
which I really have no interest in supporting.
And I do deeply resent Crumb for immediately taking over
yet another thing that he really has no business being involved in.
That's a little cruel to say. Let me just start.
Let me just get that out.
What are you trying to do to my voice?
That's just you. Maybe you're going through puberty again.
That's what my wife said after I supposedly died and I started
sprouting hairs out of surfaces that I sat on.
She's like you're leaking puberty everywhere.
What happened?
Well, after people thought I died,
I would sit on surfaces that would start growing spiky hairs.
But I think it's just because I was stressed.
I've already got a full docket for the day.
Let's move on from Crumb being here.
I'll still be here though and I'm really excited.
Thank you so much for the already outstanding support
of the Crumb Legal Defense Fund.
Why do you need to crowdsource your money?
I thought you were rich again or something.
It's just you don't want to.
You never want to put good money after bad money.
So if you can legally, if you can source your legal defense fund,
legally, then you should.
You mean you're just going to steal money from chat for your legal defense?
No, no, no, I'm saying I appreciate their support.
It's not stealing.
Every cent that you give this stream goes directly to my legal defense.
I never agreed to that Crumb.
I don't see why that would happen.
Well, Papito said it's a deal.
What'd you give him?
Really old blow pop that I found in my attic?
I have a blow pop in your attic.
Well, it's a really cute story.
I considered proposing with a blow pop to my wife
back when I was just a congressperson.
I just didn't have that money.
I had money at the time, but I thought it'd be cute
and I thought it would be a good way to save money.
I consider proposing with a blow pop, but um,
well, I did and she said no.
So she said it was lame as shit.
So anyway, hold on the memories.
I keep it in the attic.
Guys, we're just going to stop talking to Crumb.
It's news time.
Good news, everyone.
It's not Rick.
It's Scrum.
Actually, I have to make an appearance every now and then.
Crumb straight into Scrum.
I'm always going to be a negative follower.
What do you, why?
Why do you need followers?
You're incapable of following your own bliss?
What?
Follow this, likes, follows.
Have we forgotten the joy of masonry?
What?
We need to put down the phones and start building walls
with high quality bricks.
Have we forgotten that?
I didn't realize those were the two options.
But right now the only option apparently is to cover the news.
Ugh!
We're going to get into the chat news, but starting us off today,
something about Cuba.
I don't think there's actually much more going on here
than they're saying something about Cuba.
Well, supposedly we're in talks with Cuba,
but apparently maybe not is what some of the reporting would suggest.
You can talk to a country anytime you want.
It's actually kind of difficult still to even visit Cuba.
But, you know, we're sort of starving them
of all their resources currently.
Says you.
This is what I've heard.
You didn't know that Scrum was in a masonry?
Thought it was just hatred and indifference?
I don't like building walls.
It's just a better use of my time than most things.
Obviously it's not enjoyable.
It's just less not enjoyable
than, say,
posting to Instagram.
Um...
Did she really say that?
Say what?
Pam Bondi to Epstein Survivors.
Have you seen how great the stock market is?
I keep saying quotes attributed to Pam Bondi.
I have no idea if that one is a legit quote or not.
I'm guessing it's a joke, but I keep seeing quotes
pop up on my little...
you know, you get random shit when you open up
your internet explorer.
It'll be like, Pam Bondi, we can't...
Indite Epstein victims or it'll collapse the economy.
Even if it's not what she's directly said
or, you know, it's the spirit of what she's saying for sure.
It totally is true.
Maybe we can get into that in the Pam Bondi news.
One of our favorite subjects.
Pam Bondi is a poo head.
That doesn't even hurt.
That doesn't hurt to say that to people.
Excrement is...
Excrement is currently inside you, actually.
Unless you're constantly leaking
all of the feces out of your body.
There's a non-zero line of poop inside you at all time.
So I guess maybe you're a poop person as well.
If you really think about it,
it's that poo head.
I don't think anybody's keeping poo in their head,
except maybe Pam Bondi got them.
You think that's a gotcha?
I think that's a solid gotcha for me.
We're talking Cuba, actually.
We're not talking PNUI.
We're talking Cuba.
According to Dropsite News,
Marco Rubio is deliberately blocking Trump from Cuba talks.
As a crisis is rapidly developing in Cuba
and as a Trump administration efforts block fuel from reaching the island
which have become increasingly effective
since an executive order threatened tariffs
on any country trading with Cuba.
Mexican President Claudia Scheinbaum has buckled
under the pressure and halted oil deliveries to Cuba.
Dropsite's Jose Luis Grande Oceja reports
on the catastrophic consequences of the energy starvation
and then the rest is from that guy.
I know you're reading the story, just keep reading it.
PB7S, didn't Cuba-Gilding Jr. get canceled, though?
For what?
For eating a couple of sled dogs?
He didn't eat dogs in the movie Snow Dogs.
Oh, he should have.
If you run into trouble out there on the ice,
you're gonna have to eat a couple of your sled dogs.
Is that the kind of thing that we don't allow people to do anymore?
I was unaware that Cuba-Gilding Jr. was canceled.
I thought he just kind of...
wasn't as popular anymore?
He won an Emmy for Snow Dogs.
That can't be right.
You don't know. It's true. I really don't know.
I can say a lot of things and I kind of have to accept it.
This is no secret in Florida illegals, uh...
circles.
Um...
Wait.
He settled a sexual assault case.
I'd of quarter. He's still talking about Marco Rubio.
Stay focused, case. I'm trying to, I swear.
The next U.N. U.S. invasion will be, I mean...
We're juggling a lot of balls.
Iran, Cuba...
Anywhere in South America.
Card King says,
Cuba-Gilding Jr. was not canceled in a traditional sense,
but he settled a civil...
Oh, that's who we're talking about.
Apologies, Marco Rubio.
I'm sure that you probably haven't done that.
Cuba-Gilding Jr. was not canceled in a traditional sense,
but he settled a civil rape lawsuit in June 2023, according to Google.
I can't read what it says.
Can you keep reading the story?
Scrum, please.
I was ready to talk about Cuba-Gilding Jr. for the rest of the stream, but fine.
Meanwhile, back in Washington, President Trump claims that negotiations are underway
to resolve the standoff that, it turns out, is simply false.
A lie being told to him by Secretary of State, Marco Rubio,
as part of his ambitious play to overthrow the Cuban government.
The story below is written...
Just get to the story.
To hear President Donald Trump tell the United States
is deep in negotiations with Cuban government officials.
We're talking to these people from Cuba, he says, the highest people in Cuba
to see what happens.
That's what he told reporters at his Mar-a-Lago resort, where, you know, he often is...
He's there. Yes, yeah, he lives there.
Marco is the least sexual person ever.
So no way that would happen.
Oh, well, that doesn't stop that type of person.
Probably gonna say, so Cuba has no economy,
and Trump cut off their only economic resource,
and now he's saying he's not at fault. Yes.
That was a better summary than what we were offering, actually, propaganda.
But I can read even more.
Cuban leaders, meanwhile, have said they are open to negotiations
on everything from human rights to democracy to tourism and direct foreign investment.
Cuban President Miguel Diaz-Canel said in a recent press conference
that Cuba is willing to engage in dialogue with the United States
on any issue provided talks take place without pressure or preconditions
on the basis of respect for Cuban sovereignty.
And that was probably the sticking point.
Unfortunately, that is probably accurate.
But you can't really constantly be asking for sovereignty as a country.
It's like respect.
If you have to ask for respect, you probably just shit your pants.
Anyway, senior Cuban leaders reiterated to Dropsite
that the government is serious about being open to wide-ranging talks,
and Trump is no longer a stranger to the island's potential for American companies,
having himself long held a registered trademark
of a Trump Havana property that he has annually renewed.
God fucking property in Cuba?
Um, here, Card King says this is my land, this land is my land.
From the shores of Cuba to the heart of Greenland.
Is that getting added in to the national anthem?
That song isn't the national anthem, Scrum.
Maybe to you it's not, Case.
But some of us still believe in that song as the national anthem.
It never was. Maybe to you, Case.
Trump knows islands.
Yeah, he just can never let, he can never pass up on a good island.
That's a really good point.
MSG. Jim Jep.
He wants a property, doesn't have one now,
since Bonzai Bullfrog.
Oh, okay. Well, he has a, oh, it's just a trademark.
I see, okay.
He's trademarked the possibility of Trump Havana.
Trump Havana syndrome coming in 2028.
All the evidence would seem to suggest that the opportunity for Trump to strike a historic deal is at hand,
but despite the president's claims, there have been no negotiations involving high-level officials
between Havana and Washington.
According to five Cuban and American officials,
all of whom asked for anonymity given the sensitivity of the Cuba-U.S. relationship.
When it comes to Trump's claims of those talks, it turns out he isn't lying.
See?
I don't know you're such a fan of Trump. I'm not.
I just hate people throwing the word lie around, as if it's so easy to tell.
Um, well, I just wouldn't put it past Trump to be both getting misinformation and lying.
You know, he can kind of rub his belly in and lie at the same time, or rub other things.
You just can't prove that he's lying here.
Well, yeah.
I've been waiting to buy some land in China.
Well, hey, I'll have you know the Chinese housing market,
vastly more affordable, so if I could get over there, it might be my only shot at home ownership.
Scrum, that's a good question.
Clark King asked if you've ever played Two Truths and a Lie.
It's more like three lies and two instances of self-delusion.
Everything you say is a lie.
Well, here's the idea, though, actually. You say Two Truths,
and then you sneak in a lie, and I have to guess what is a lie.
I've never eaten butterscotch.
I once got Gain Green from a pair of plastic sandals,
and I'm the first person to have a heart condition called bed rot.
The butterscotch one? Son of a bitch.
How did you know?
Sort of just a guess.
I didn't eat it intentionally for the record.
I never would. Someone snuck it into my water.
Someone dosed you with butterscotch?
Well, I went to a coffee establishment and I ordered one lukewarm water, please,
and I guess what they heard me say was coffee with butterscotch.
You sure you didn't just go there and order a coffee with butterscotch, sir?
No, I only order lukewarm water at coffee establishments.
We're supposed to be talking about the news still.
I still am.
When it comes to Trump's claims of those talks,
he's not lying, according to Dropsite.
Instead, sources tell Dropsite he's being lied to.
He's saying that because that's what Marco Rubio is telling him,
instead of senior Trump official.
So don't worry.
The president is being honest.
He's just falling hook, line and sinker for whatever anybody says to him.
So either he's woefully incompetent or a liar, or both.
I'll let you pick, chat.
Okay, well, you know what?
Let's actually try to stay on task today.
Scrum, you've done a pretty bad job.
Are you kidding me?
Are you actually kidding me?
Because if you are, stop. I hate jokes.
And that's pretty rude to say.
Just you've been pretty unpleasant this whole time.
And back at you.
What does that smell?
Soap?
Yeah, I took a shower today.
Week.
So I'm done here.
I thought you'd like to leave.
I do. I'm happy to.
Well, look, we're going to just do a different segment.
We're going to come back and do the chat news.
Like I always say, well, and then forget to.
Oh, now you're just going to stone all me.
You're not going to give me an outro.
Even though you say you hate this job,
you don't want to be here for even one more second.
You say that to me right before we go on air every time you're here.
Fine, you did an okay job today.
Too late.
I mean, you talked, though. Too late.
I'm going to talk about how to with job noggin. See,
I did it on my own terms case.
My own terms.
Why does case keep hiring these guys?
Sounding a lot like a wrestling bad guy,
sort of a you people energy coming from the audience today.
Because this guy is really happy to work here.
And it's a pleasure to see all of you.
It's a pleasure to get to learn with all of you.
And I'm excited to learn.
Daddy's learning that he's in the wood because he's dead.
Yeah, I'm aware you're not supposed to be a surprise every time I say it.
We're going to do this again today.
Can we maybe be nice guys today?
Nice guys to each other.
Little father son relationship daddy.
Can we maybe do that today?
Well, I don't know.
Can you prove you're my son?
What do you mean?
Well, you don't look at all like him.
Because you supposedly smashed your face into the bottom of a well.
You having a memory sucks.
Why did this happen?
Do you remember that time we went fishing in Nantucket?
You know, I didn't want to go at all.
I said, can we go to Disney?
He said, no, we're never going to Disney.
We're going fishing.
Do you remember that?
I remember Jet being really good at catching fish.
I'm getting sunsim.
Sounds like the kind of thing you do.
Show us the mall.
How would I show us some goals?
Hashtag learning goals.
Let's not get distracted by my daddy who's dead and in the wood.
Let's just learn how to dance at a rave.
That's actually what we're here for, guys.
It's to learn new skills.
It's like a learning pill.
Now he's going down smooth.
We're also going amongst the web.
And a little bit.
What a full and fun day we have planned.
I won't be doing anything, actually.
Apparently what I'll be is dead and in the wood.
Okay, let's learn how to dance at a rave.
Welcome to dagenskushestamp.
With me, Leroy and Joakim, my teacher.
Now we're going through a step that...
I guess I'll read this for you guys.
Okay, we're going to move.
We're going through moves such as pumping.
But first we start with just legs, simple stomp.
Stomp.
I'm going to have to get up to do this?
Stompa. Stompa.
Okay, okay, okay.
I see how it is.
See how it is. Just a second.
And then there's the little ball.
It goes like this.
Oh, Jesus.
Little ball.
Think of having the leg in your knee.
Left, right, left.
Big ball.
Big ball.
Both balls.
Here's the big ball.
It works much better when we have a mafia.
And then we have to block the apple.
Block the apple.
For this reason.
Then we block the swamp.
The stomp is coming.
Block the apple.
Block the swamp.
Here we have the transition.
Block the apple.
Block the swamp.
So it feels like anything.
Block the apple.
And then we have the cycle pump.
A lot of...
Do you go up the side?
A little bit.
Come on.
Alright.
Oh, I wasn't supposed to grab my hand.
Now we're going to do this.
The third one.
Third one.
Third one.
And stomp.
Do I get the hands in there too?
Do I still do this with the hands?
No.
Shit.
Ah, shit.
One kilo of green.
What?
I don't have a friend to call.
I can't do this part.
The hard part.
Where we go loose.
What the heck?
We start with some...
hard ping-a-smover.
Continue.
Do you say ping-a-smover?
Here we have it.
That follows.
We serve.
What?
The red eye.
And we go loose.
Okay.
Go loose.
And play ping-a-smover.
Shhh.
There we have it.
Yeah, that's a lot.
Serve ping-a-smover.
America.
When you learn to serve, when you learn ping-a-smover, all the easy things,
the dog will come.
Go up like this.
No hard part now.
That's good.
But, the real part, the physical part,
you have to slap the dog first.
Slap the dog.
Slap the dog.
Listen up, Jack.
Card King, just mad at Jam 300,
he tasted coins and I've been dying to say this.
The Macaric, Numeric, Crab, Loud, Nala,
I Temmica, and I always signed a vibe.
Back of the back.
Slap the dog.
And slap the dog.
What?
After the dog, we have the kiss and the kiss.
Very hard moves.
You have to think about having the gung in your nose and the side.
Sit down on the back.
Okay.
The milk kiss.
Here, over there.
What?
You can do it.
The milk kiss.
You have to do the milk kiss.
You're just gonna fucking hurt me.
Is it a kiss?
So it's even a kiss?
Go up like this.
How do I do it?
Think about the ear, the nose and the nose.
The ear.
Hold it, it's fixed.
The nose.
You have to get it in the dance.
The milk.
The milk.
The milk.
The milk.
There you go.
The milk kiss.
And then the kiss.
The last part is the hardest part.
It's not even any rave music.
It's the hand in the neck.
Oh.
Okay.
Let's put together what we learned.
Because I just don't even get where he's coming from in a lot of senses.
Turn it up.
Max that volume everyone.
You're gonna want to practice what we just learned.
You're gonna want to turn it up.
Okay.
What?
Okay, here we go.
We're putting together everything we just learned.
Get ready for it.
Okay.
Okay.
I forgot some of the moves.
I think you pretty much got it actually.
Really daddy?
I just feel good about it.
I just, I didn't want to brag.
8.8.
That's the highest score I've ever gotten.
From any rating system of my quality.
Wow.
You're really out of breath.
You see what I was doing?
I did like 20 minutes of dance.
Compacted in 20 seconds.
Anybody would be so out of breath that they'd want to die.
Okay.
See we can get along.
We can get along chat.
Okay.
Baking a tub of cookie dough.
I think I earned that.
I think I earned that after my workout.
Hey, maybe such a kind of workout stream.
It doesn't.
Oh, okay.
Here's how to bake a tub of cookie dough.
Oh, well it looked like it worked.
Looks pretty dry.
Yeah, it looks unevenly cooked.
Okay.
I guess the trick was,
what the frick?
You put the whole thing in there and you bake it.
You can't even find those anymore?
Good luck in this economy getting a whole tub of cookie dough.
I thought this is what I settle for just one cookie, you know?
You having money troubles?
No.
No, I have ways around that.
Okay.
And this is how finally how did,
I'm not sure what's happening here.
I believe it's some form of self-defense.
And I hope I'm right about that, but we'll find out together.
Oh.
Someone points a weapon at me.
First thing I'm going to do, turn my back.
Facing him, he's got a lot of targets.
Turning away, he's confused.
Where am I going to shoot this guy?
I'm going to do a very basic Ukemi roll.
As I do, my foot will make contact with the gun,
knocking it out of his hand, like so.
Now I have the advantage, okay?
I can roll to that gun faster than he can run to it.
So in order to acquire it, I do another Ukemi, like so.
Wow.
Now I have the weapon.
I do one final Ukemi,
striking him with a weapon, like so.
When he catches it, I can now move to my next disarm.
He repoints the weapon at me.
A lot of people don't know this,
but the jaw is far more powerful than the hands, okay?
So I don't want to grab the weapon with my hands.
I can throw him from here,
using only my jaw, like so.
Wow.
Now I move to my third and final disarm.
Going to do a move called the steam roller.
I become the steam roller.
Oh, right on his face.
It didn't seem that complicated to me.
It's on for a new take on self-defense.
Really, none of the takes have worked for me so far,
other than planning.
Other people just don't think far enough ahead.
That's the ultimate self-defense.
Just wait.
Wait and just wait.
Right.
Okay.
Well, let's send it back to the news
to cover all the news that Chat shared.
It was a pretty successful how-to.
Put up some pretty big scores.
8.8. That's good to be.
By traditional grading systems back in my day,
that's nearly a C.
That was a stupid form of grading.
When 87 was a C, that's ridiculous.
94 is an A. That doesn't make...
I didn't thought of that.
An 80 is a B+.
Exactly, propaganda.
Grading on a curve.
I guess that is an incredible score for you.
Thank you, daddy. That's the type of support I'm looking for.
Let's send it back to the newsroom, everybody,
because we've already learned how to do so much today.
Be sure to practice those rave skills out there
and put some guns in your mouth,
only for the purposes of disarming.
And we'll see you soon.
Using only my jaw. Like so.
Somebody thought they were getting Rick earlier.
Surprise!
You're getting Rick right now.
There's no escape.
We're in this together, everybody.
Together forever, America.
It's great to see you all.
Rick, did you copy my haircut?
No, mine is different.
You can tell. Mine is fuller. I have fuller hair than you.
You kind of did get Rick rolled, chat.
I get to do that on... on command.
My parents gave me such a huge advantage by naming me Rick,
because now that joke is so easy to do.
You know, your name is Kase. You probably make Kase jokes all the time.
I really try to avoid it, actually, Rick.
It's kind of a shitty, hacky thing to do.
You know.
Fuck you.
Let's see what chat shared in the news.
Where is it? There it is.
Chat, what do you got for us today?
You know how we are chat. You and me. We're pals.
We love to... we love to shoot this...
We love to give and gab about all the events of the day.
Okay.
Gallup will no longer measure presidential approval
after 88 years.
Honestly, once it gets high enough,
why even bother...
You know, just reporting the same news again and again.
Records smashed.
Is that their reasoning?
What about what they're talking about in this video here?
Yeah.
Oh, it's Kevin.
It's not Kevin.
It's not?
Yeah.
So, right now, his approval rating is at about 42, 41%.
You know, it's moving around by a few tenths of a point.
But it's hovering right there in between,
so a 41 or 42%.
And to put that in perspective,
this is basically about his low for his second term.
So he's about a year into his second term in office,
and this is about his low point.
Meanwhile, his disapproval rating is hovering around 56%,
which is basically the high point for his disapproval.
Or low point, you might say, given disapproval.
What?
It's not the number you want to be high on.
So, all told, I think what that suggests
is that there is obviously some dissatisfaction.
Come on.
You know, if we look at polling on...
Look, everybody's talking so much smack about how everybody
hates what Donald Trump is doing.
Well, by even these fairly, we'll say, biased metrics.
Bias in what sense?
I don't know who that guy is.
I don't know what numbers are.
You don't know what numbers are?
No, I mean, you know, we don't know what...
Numbers are a social construct.
And even by those numbers, 41%, that's a lot of people.
You know, if I was appealing to 41% of women,
I'd have 17 wives by now.
I really don't think that's how that works, Rick.
Well, that depends how long Trump stays in office.
Gallup will no longer track presidential approval ratings
after more than eight decades doing so.
The public opinion polling agency confirmed the Hill on Wednesday.
The company said starting this year it would stop.
And it reflects an evolution in how Gallup focuses its...
We probably got it. We probably got it disabled, those...
How it reflects an evolution in how Gallup focuses its public research
and thought leadership.
Aren't they most famously known for presidential polls?
Actually, what they're known as their commitment
to long-term, methodologically sound research
on issues and conditions that will shape people's lives.
President Trump has seen his rating by the agency's slip in recent months,
peaking at 47% last February,
and dipping to less than 37% in the last poll taken in December,
and the last poll ever.
So that's kind of cheap, actually, now that I really dig into the numbers
that they're trying to go out on a low note.
If they just waited a couple of weeks, it'd be way up.
You see the job numbers today?
They're the type of job numbers that make you say what emails.
You sure probably shouldn't bring them up if you're trying to distract people?
I mean, but I'm not even thinking about them because the job numbers are so good.
Really good stuff.
Mike Felger took note of Bad Bunny's penis during Super Bowl Halftime Show.
Forget about the music, the lyrics, the language, the production,
or any cut first, he run the Super Bowl.
Halftime Show, there's only one thing that caught Mike Fledger's attention,
and it was that sweet peen.
Let's hear him talk about it.
I love podcast clips.
Penis, did you know that he has a package?
He spent the whole time, and all their dancers spent the whole time.
Oh, here it is.
Oh, here's Mike.
Congratulations, Mr. Bunny.
You have a penis.
You probably have a big one because you're so proud of it.
You just want to show me, and your dancers just have to show me their package.
So you are special, special, special men.
You have penises.
Congratulations, guys.
Thanks for showing me.
Couldn't agree with him more.
I mean, congrats.
He's getting really animated about it because it's so nice to have a penis.
I love having one.
I really like my penis.
Rick, you know, you say it too enthusiastically.
Kind of makes it sound like you don't have a penis,
and there'd be nothing wrong with that.
Okay, can we not do this?
I literally love having the penis that I have is my only point.
Just like Mike Fledger couldn't, Felger, a Felger, whatever his name is, couldn't stop complimenting bad Bunny on having one.
That's the same energy I'm bringing.
Card King's wondering if you had to give your penis to Trump to keep your job.
He doesn't collect penises.
Like that.
Or at all.
At all.
He did, he'd want them attached.
What?
I'm saying if he was collecting human trophies,
it would be like he would want the horn on display with the animal.
It'd just be stupid to lop off the penis.
You want the whole carcass.
What?
I'm saying hypothetically.
It'd be dumb if we're gonna go there.
Okay, scientists plan 50 mile wall to block warm seas melting the doomsday glacier.
This is great news.
Wait, um, read that again?
What are you not keeping up with here?
Scientists plan 50 mile wall to block warm seas melting the doomsday glacier.
This is good news.
They're getting ahead of it, case, literally.
Thwaiti's glacier in West Antarctica is melting faster than scientists expected.
That happens.
And a group of engineers and climate researchers now want to physically block the warm wash
and water to slow its collapse.
Yeah, see?
Everybody's freaking out about global warming for a reason, Rick.
That's what I was gonna say.
Well, I think it's clear, like, if we can dam a river, we can dam an ocean.
If we can dam an ocean, we can build a wall around both poles.
And then what's...
And then we're just commanders of geological reality.
So what are we even worried about?
Well, it's good it's as hot as possible in all the places people live,
because we like it warm, baby.
Isn't the actual range humans prefer to live in not that high?
And we'll keep it wherever by building wall.
Where does build a wall around the weather?
Look, we're gonna build a wall around the weather, everybody.
Everybody stop panicking.
Really, any kind of ecological disasters is a challenge to innovate.
And that's what drives this country.
You know, speaking of, light dance shows impressive progress in AI video.
With Sea Dance 2.0.
Let's check it out.
Every time there's AI video, that's a promo, it always is such an exciting time
to see what the future is.
It's always as good as it looks.
Oh, wow.
Yes.
Yes, let's see that.
I love that.
Oh, no, you don't have to employ so many people to film this kind of thing.
But now you don't have to do that.
Look at the fruit.
Look how realistic the fruit is.
Whoa.
Yes.
See, we're getting excited.
I said, yes.
That still sounds like yes.
I was making a disgusted noise.
There's more for your viewing pleasure, Rick.
There's more future for you.
Resil trial.
Resilute trial.
Thank you so much for the two months, though.
And your reward is, look at this AI video.
This one's even better.
It's clothes.
A lot of times, AI struggles with clothes.
It really likes to put women in thongs and have them bend over.
Sometimes say like your niece or your daughter.
And that's why they're showing off here.
That they can actually have women in clothes.
It's a little see-through still.
It's working out the kinks.
It's sort of showing a fair amount of nip.
Honestly, a little surprising kind of amount of nippy side boob.
Even though she's fully clothed.
But um...
That's actually realistic.
Women have boobs, guys.
I never said they didn't.
Well, then what are you complaining about?
I haven't said really anything, Rick.
The roofs make no sense.
What do you mean?
Look at this.
What do you mean?
Look at...
What's wrong with the roof?
It's um...
My aunts.
Look.
You saw that it can do action.
You saw that it can do a lady with awesome side boob standing still.
What more do you want?
Pito.
We're busy.
I can see everything now.
You gotta get the dog under control case.
He's doing anyway.
He's having some cheese, man. Relax.
You get to enjoy your AI video.
Then let Pito enjoy his cheese.
Chris Jack, thank you so much for the seven months.
And pretty soon...
We'll have the stream going 24-7 when we finally...
You know, melt a couple of ice caps, generating this idiot over here.
I'm razzin' here, we're havin' fun.
This fuckin' dumb piece of shit who sucks ass.
Wish he was dead.
Okay, you're sounding like Munch now.
No, I'm razzin' trying to get...
I thought that was the style of the streams.
I say I want to kill everybody.
But it's funny!
This feels a little sinister coming from you, Rick.
Okay, sorry. Let's keep up with the AI video.
Oop, nope, that's just my pal.
There we go.
Oh, hell yeah.
Yes!
Hell yes, case. You can bring the G4 studios back.
Selfies from inside the G4, just filmin' stuff.
Like, can you imagine how you don't even have to go to work to film a front-facing...
Not even front-facing, just a video of an office?
You don't even have to go to work to film a video of a boring office?
I mean, I can see where they're showing that off.
It is more impressive in some ways that it can realistically do mundane things.
That was from the prompt...
Take image 1 as the first image of the scene, first person, first second.
Take the camera movement from video 1.
The scene is based on... Oh, that was a real video.
Sorry, that was a real video.
That would have been the most impressive one yet.
That was a video that they're using to, I guess, transplant the movement into this next video.
Well, then get ready to have your mind even more blown, everybody.
Get ready to be blown!
It's a little unsettling that one of the first videos they're showing off is...
Human bones?
Sort of the complete absence of people?
Well, you don't play Resident Evil?
No, actually, I'm a CIA asset on behalf of Leon Kennedy.
So I don't just play the game.
You're making that up, I would know if that's true.
Here's even more!
Hell yes, it's that guy from Stranger Things!
I bet he's so excited that he got to make an appearance in this.
The guy from Stranger Things?
Isn't that great?
You can have him now in your Coke video.
It only looked a little bit like him.
It looked enough like him that you never have to use that guy again.
So, great now.
You can just eliminate a lot of the human element from the advertising industry.
Just make that even more kind of plug-and-play, endless Coke ads.
Yeah, now you're getting it.
Really cool.
We have a lot of comments actually to get to, Rick.
If you don't mind.
I do.
Jefferything is almost finished with his plastic surgery punch card to get a free sandwich.
That kid probably is.
I don't think his bones are going to last much longer.
No, no, he's had his bones, um...
He doesn't have normal bones anymore, so...
He doesn't need our human bones.
That's true, he doesn't really care for those.
How many of you saw a child sleep on three chairs at a wedding for the first time yesterday?
Love the hate?
No comment.
AI messes up.
Can we sue it over male practice?
No.
Trump doesn't like the Super Bowl halftime show because he doesn't have a penis.
Wow!
What the heck?
Sliding in here with...
Five gifted subs.
Resolutrial, thank you so much.
You know, they...
They're probably just excited that they're gonna pretty soon not have to have a real version of you case.
Quit trying to assume that people are subscribing to me because they hate me, Rick.
I just don't really see what the other reason would be, but we appreciate the subs nonetheless.
Where's Leon Kennedy anyway?
You know, for the record, I did finish Resident Evil 4, just on a ridiculous timeline
of many months apart from starting and finishing it.
I just never finished the eight-along part of Resident Evil 4.
But you know, Resident Evil 7?
I gotta say it's looking pretty nice, so...
We might have to make our little return whenever that comes up.
They're doing another one?
Are we... I thought that...
That's how I didn't plan out... Didn't plan out last time.
You were trying to brace people for New King American cities, and then we just decided against it,
so man, I wonder if they're...
I wonder if they're planning on doing that now and I'm not in the loop.
What, Rick? Can you stop mumbling about New King American cities?
Oh, sorry. Um, okay.
Case never finished RE4, got too consumed with pirate shootings.
No, but I did, I swear.
I don't believe you.
Genital slits, and of course, that's it.
Oh, that's it.
Oh, I do mean nine.
I do mean nine, sorry.
I actually did beat seven, but that was off-stream.
I wasn't even streaming at the time.
I guess now technically we could get a certain gamer that we have on the stream
to stream Resident Evil, but I think we'll get Leon to do it if we get anybody.
We'll bring back Leon.
Okay, Pam Bondi news. You know, we said we'd get here.
I think we got some video of Pam Bondi defending the DOJ handling of the Epstein files.
My girl Pam? Listen, I hope it's not sexist when I say.
Goddamn.
What?
Look, Pam, we go way back.
And I'm not... I know I don't stand a chance, but I just want to say...
Damn girl.
That's pretty sexist.
Why? Because I think she's a fine piece of ace.
Yes.
And why would you bring that up? First thing.
I'm just shooting my shot.
I thought Twitch was all about being gross to women.
Only some of it.
I thought we were a bunch of red-blooded howlin' and wolf dogs in here.
We're gonna have to pretend we don't all have...
We're not totally sprung for Pam Bondi.
It's never been my first thought with Miss Bondi.
I guess I'm on an island.
I guess I'm on an island here by myself.
Put me out to sea.
Like an Inuit.
No, that's also...
Now you're just being racist.
Look, what I'm trying to do is lay up Pam Bondi here.
Because she's likable, is my point.
Everybody needs to stop being so aggressive to Pam Bondi.
And I said Inuit for the record.
Oh my God.
Can you just play the video?
Oh, right, fine.
So help you God.
I did.
Let the record show that the witness has answered in the affirmative. Thank you.
I am deeply sorry for what any victim
any victim has been through,
especially as a result of that monster.
This is not about anybody that came before you.
It is about you taking responsibility for your department of justice
and the harm that it has done to the survivors
who are standing right behind you
and are waiting for you to turn to them
and apologize for what your department of justice is.
Members get to ask the questions the witness gets to answer in the way
they want to answer.
This is so messed up to like,
to pit women against each other like this.
Because Pam Bondi is just a lady.
Rick, stop.
Try it.
Stop talking about Pam Bondi this way.
Oh, now you're defending Pam Bondi?
No, just that's beside the point here.
I'm just saying it's just,
it's so rough to see ladies turn on each other like this.
Yes, I agree.
It is rough to see Pam Bondi willfully ignore the state of the victims
of the man and the people that she is continuing to defend.
I think what I said actually makes a lot more sense.
Let's keep going.
That's not accurate, Mr. Chairman.
Because she doesn't like the answer.
So, Mr. Chairman, why?
I have asked a question.
And she asked Merritt Garland this twice.
I'm reclaiming my time.
And when I reclaim my time, it is...
I'm not going to get in the gutter for her theatrics.
You can let her filibuster all day long,
but on our watch, not on our time, no way.
And I told you about that, Attorney General, before you started.
You don't tell me anything.
No, I did tell you because we saw what you did in the Senate.
You're not even a lawyer.
Oh, it's getting good.
It will be in order.
Donald Trump attended various parties with Jeffrey Epstein.
I want to know whether any underage girls at that party
or at any party that Trump attended with Jeffrey Epstein.
She's going to answer this one the way.
This is so ridiculous.
And that they are trying to deflect from all the great things
Donald Trump has done.
There is no evidence that Donald Trump has committed a crime.
I believe her.
Everyone knows that.
She got kind of loud there for a minute,
so actually I'm back on her side, I believe her.
CKs?
Was it that hard to believe her?
I'm kidding, Rick.
Sarcasm is...
The death of sincerity in this country is the real crisis
that we're facing, not climate disasters.
Can you just keep the video?
Let's just finish it, I guess.
I think she's making some solid points,
and she's literally pointing up.
This transparent presidency, he's the one that asked
that those files...
I'm going to claim my time.
I got your answer.
President Trump asked...
President Trump, please stop the clock.
Please stop the clock.
...the legislation.
This is...
This is taking...
I'm going to put up another document from a witness
who called the FBI's National Threat Operations Center,
because I believe you just lied under oath.
There is ample evidence in the Epstein Fund...
Don't you ever accuse me of a crime...
I believe you just lied under oath...
Let's hear that again.
...because I believe you just lied under oath.
There is ample evidence in the Epstein Fund...
Don't you ever accuse me of a crime...
I believe you just lied...
God is ass.
Sorry, sorry that you guys can't handle...
We'll bite back.
From the...
Not even Silver Fox, more like an Autumn Fox.
She's in the fall of her lifetime.
Not yet the winter, Miss Pam Bondi.
Why do you like Pam Bondi so much?
Am I the only guy here that still is...
Humping hot, stinky blood through my ass and heart?
She's just so insincere, Rick.
Even for some reason you really like the way she looks.
I just think the way she handles those...
Those fucking senators and blah blah blah
She comes in with just...
She's cutting through the bullshit.
Like a hot knife through...
Uh, informant.
You know?
So we're not fans.
We think that's...
We think she didn't do a good job.
I think she's one of the least convincing people.
Much like the FBI director.
The dynamic duo of just completely unconvincing losers.
But it doesn't fucking matter how unconvincing they are
if there's no consequences for their consistent
and unyielding lies.
So...
I never find these like house...
Hearings or like Senate hearing committees to be
that fruitful. Maybe I'm wrong.
Maybe things do happen as a result of them,
but they always feel this way.
Just like people basically clip farming for their next campaign ad.
Or in Panbadi's case, just deny, deny, deny.
It's just the oldest Donald Trump playbook.
Like never admit you've met...
Never admit anything's wrong. Never admit defeat.
Deny everything.
And they all just do it.
They all just do it up and down, even though none of them are any good at it,
including Trump in my opinion, and it just doesn't seem to matter.
So...
I don't know.
I find it at least...
Somewhat heartening that like the rocanas of the world are continuing to press this issue.
The other big news was that, in regard to Epstein,
was that Ro Khanna and...
Macy, Thomas Macy...
And some other congresspeople and senators or something went to the DOJ
and attempted to review the redacted documents,
unredacted documents.
They were supposed to be the redacted documents that they put out.
Some of them were supposed to be unredacted.
It turns out when Ro Khanna and those other people went there,
80% of the documents were still redacted.
But they still were able to get a couple names out of there,
and then Ro Khanna was able to list out six people on the floor.
So that's...
I think that kind of pressure is good.
I mean, I'm not the biggest sim for any politician,
but I hope that there's more of that energy from various people in the Senate and the House,
unless of just bringing Pam Bondi into a room so that she can give like a...
You know, just the most dead-brained denial answers ever for an hour of just complete nothing.
I mean, it is good to get her on the record lying,
but I feel like we already have.
Like, she literally said that the...
That the documents were on her desk.
They've repeatedly said that there was...
What the FBI and the Department of Justice have said, that there's no evidence,
that there were any conspirators in the Epstein case.
All of that is categorically false.
The FBI director, Crazy Eyes, whatever his name is,
perjured himself on the fucking Joe Rogan podcast, essentially.
So all these people are caught in a million different lies.
The question is just if any of them will be held to account for it.
Propaganda says her only fans is going to be all lies and denials.
I would absolutely subscribe. She does not need to show anything.
I mean, obviously if I get some hole, I'm great,
but you don't have to do that, Bam.
I'll start one too.
It's not a sexist thing. I'll show a hole.
We could start together separately. Separately?
Am I coming on too strong?
I don't know what you're coming on, Rick.
Well, me... I mean, what do you got?
You should leave.
No, there's more news. There's more news for us to do.
Come on, let me do a little more news.
We need a Pella cleanser.
I've got no out-of-my-skis here because, you know,
I'm just a dumb guy that...
likes a girl...
and I want to talk about it.
What the fuck? I just haven't had a crush in a while.
I haven't had a crush in a while.
Just most people, they don't...
not have anything inside them.
What? Most people aren't totally empty inside.
In a way that I can relate to.
Because everybody's so full of feelings...
needs and personal desires.
They're not being... they're not willing to be puppeted.
Like, they have the hand of the state just shoved into them.
And they just have them going all around,
quacking, bending, overdue, whatever they want.
Because it makes them feel...
maybe the tinge of anything.
Instead of just a roiling mass of actually no mass.
But Pam, you and I are the same, I can tell.
We're just... we're beautiful husks,
ready to be filled up with whatever those in power want.
And I love that for us.
Come on.
I know you gotta feel this too.
I don't think she's ever fucking met you, Rick.
Exactly, but it doesn't matter. We don't care about people.
What are you into?
And Bondi.
Chinese streamer's assistant accused of stealing her identity
and making $160,000 in tips.
Chinese fashion influencer with 3 million followers
has accused her longtime personal assistant
of secretly stealing her identity
and earning a cool $160,000.
Well, you know, assistants are underpaid.
Maybe she's just getting some...
Maybe she's just getting a little bit of that OT that she's owed.
Now you're a pro theft.
Well, you know, I just don't...
I think it's important that we don't read too many of the details here
and we move right along,
because we do have more segments to get to.
Mmm, I was curious about that one.
Biometric... biometric AI robot debuts in China.
They say it's as creepy as it sounds.
I'm starting to wonder if maybe there's another girl in the world for me.
Integrate such robots into everyday applications,
including household assistants, elder care, and companionship.
Oh, yeah. What creepy.
Moya stands at approximately 165 centimeters tall
and weighs just 32 kilograms,
boasting a lifelike silicone skin
that simulates human body temperature
between 32 to 36 degrees Celsius
for a warm, touchable feel.
Grandma.
Along with...
She's got a little bit of that grandma walk,
but she's got some of that Hawaiian Tropic Ace,
you know what I'm saying?
Rick, you apparently just need to go...
do something to get whatever's going on
if you out of your system.
I got help out of everything so sexy today.
Can you stop doing that with your vowels?
Doing what?
Really? Do you don't find this appealing at all?
It's just a walking real doll.
What's the appeal?
You just said the appeal.
Come on, let's watch a little more.
25 degrees of freedom in its head
for eerily realistic facial expressions
like subtle smiles and eye movements.
In 2024, China's first humanoid robot,
Zuba01, was accepted into a PhD program
in drama and film at Shanghai Theatre Academy.
Zuba studies acting and performance theory
alongside humans.
A robot in a PhD program?
Wild.
That is so wild, Rick.
Isn't it though?
Can you imagine getting on a call to your dreams?
You sit down next to a bunch of robots?
Wuh, wuh, wuh, wuh.
Yep, that's pretty wild.
It's fun. The future's going good.
We're in the future and it's going great.
Alright, let's do two more.
Let's just do two more.
Come on, these are some fun ones in here.
I hope they forced it to pay for a meal card.
They should.
And then it should just sit down with a Salisbury steak
and jab at it for 30 minutes.
This is just doing some character work.
It's literally doing character work.
It is developing a sense for what a character even is.
Or it's working out.
Oatly banned from using word milk to market
plant-based products in the UK.
A Swedish-based drinks manufacturer, Oatly,
they've been banned from using the word milk.
The Alt Milk manufacturer has been in a long-running
legal battle, which it lost.
And then the rest of the story is cut off.
So moving on to other food news.
Canes.
Raising Canes files a lawsuit as Landlord tries to
evict them for chicken smell.
A Boston Landlord is attempting to evict a
Raising Canes restaurant in the city of Back Bay
over complaints that it smells like chicken fingers.
I kind of get it, actually.
Kind of like more of a Red Lobster smell.
You want your neighbor to smell like a Red Lobster.
I don't know if that's ever been said before.
You don't like the smell of a them cheesy theater
beeskins? Stop doing that with your vowels, Rick.
Whaaat?
Sorry, I do talk like this when I'm just feeling it today.
I just got to watch my little Pamy Cakes.
It just feels so good.
Okay, we're gonna call it there, Rick.
Oh, what if there's more videos of her deposition?
Well, that's even what we should call it.
More like an execute, one, like a one woman
execution squad of our entire state apparatus.
Um, you know, you're closer to the truth
than I'd like.
You miss the Long John Silver smell?
You really, you know, I guess maybe cheddar.
I just can't imagine the exterior of a
Red Lobster smelling positive.
Positive is in the mind, baby.
That's why I've been right and high today.
I'm on the right wavelength.
You're on that negativity tip where you're like,
Oh, no, pen bunny's so clearly lying.
It's laughable.
It's turning our entire society into a satire
of a despotic empire.
Me, I'm just like, oh, look at that blonde lady.
Yep. I, okay.
That's very clear, Rick.
And I hope I've made myself extremely clear today.
And it's clearly time that we move on
because case is just getting so heated.
We're going to send it amongst the web.
Okay.
Yeah.
All right.
What's up guys?
What's up guys?
It's me on the other intern.
Um, what's, um,
it's video day.
Can you help me out, man?
You're doing great actually.
Yeah. Oh really?
Honestly, yes.
About as good as we ever do.
Ah, nice. Okay.
Well, what we're going to do today is we're going to, um,
what you've done is, uh,
there's been a, um, a second video
is hit the towers.
What's your name again?
You're not Tyler, right?
You're not Tyler with new hair?
I don't know who that is.
Um, he's not expelled.
We can get
doogie? Yeah.
Okay. Doogie works.
Ray Solanette remembers my name is me.
It's your friend doogie.
Ha!
You know, I feel like you used to have less energy than this.
I, um, look,
we have fun. Um,
we are allowed to try to do that actually.
I mean, I know that I don't set the best precedent by constantly berating all of my co-hosts,
but, um, you can relax.
We don't have to be antagonistic to each other.
Ah!
Um,
good. Um,
more like, uh,
more like a sucka,
sucka dick
dick. We're just going to watch videos. Okay.
Right.
Sick. Um,
kids still say sick.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
I'm going to get this back now.
Wait, are you even a kid? How old are you?
That's, never ask the lady,
or bra size.
Yeah. You don't have to,
we don't have to, you don't have to try to do jokes.
I don't even really try to do them.
It's not worth it.
Come on, man. I just,
I don't go to your job and suck a dick out of your beer.
We've, um, we've,
we've been using up a lot of time with this intro.
Actually, I,
I take back some of the things I said earlier. Let's, uh, get
into just watching a couple of videos. Yeah.
Open up the, um,
um,
um,
um,
um,
um,
um,
um,
um,
um,
um,
um,
um,
um,
um,
um,
um,
um,
um,
um,
um,
um,
um,
um,
um,
um,
um,
Like they have pulp fiction and Mr. Beast.
Not beast games, just his normal videos.
If you want to watch Mr. Beast, you can go to YouTube.
Or alternatively, the better way, you can watch it on 2B.
The funniest part about Mr. Beast videos on 2B?
What?
Hang on, man, they weren't even done.
Yeah, I really need to give it a little more time, right?
Um, that was an ad for 2B, so...
I don't know if I want to watch the whole 2B ad.
Nah, he's giving his... it's a breakdown of 2B.
It felt like an ad for 2B.
Not no disrespect to Johnny Razer.
I'm sure his 2B opinions are valid.
And maybe sponsored?
Come on, no, they're not!
Oh, point one.
That's fair, because he's saying 2B is pretty normal.
And it's free.
It is free.
Cart King, I do appreciate the 2B advice.
Because it's free.
Now you're doing an ad for 2B, and who's supposed to be in trouble for that?
Let's keep watching videos.
Let's try the next one.
Ah, one sec.
Hey, everybody!
Guys, in case his girlfriend is here, I...
I couldn't...
I don't even believe that she's real.
She's here, yep, she came home.
Whoa!
Man, that's crazy.
I would not have taken you for the...
Guys, look, it's my brother, Jiggy!
You have a brother, and Kendall's here too.
Aw, man!
What?
No, it's my brother, Jiggy!
But they like to see my new ugly shoes that are kind of cute.
Tell them what's up, Jiggy!
Okay, these are my new ugly shoes that are kind of cute, but ugly.
This is like a shoe caught on your shoe.
Yeah, this is my ugly shoe.
But where does your foot go, Jiggy?
What do you mean?
Where does it get in there, man?
You want to see?
Put my foot in it.
Yeah, get a foot in there, man.
This is called a ballet sneaker.
Whoa!
Take it over the stream again.
Sorry to everyone that hates it.
And I know there are people out there that hate it.
Who? Literally who?
You want me to call them out, because I can't?
No?
That's what I thought.
My brother's crazy.
Play Mine Sweeper?
Oh, my brother's putting on a shoe.
Oh, see, this is the actual content.
The first ever ballet baller.
So it's like a ballet shoe combined with a sneaker is the idea?
Ballet sneaker.
Jiggy's putting on a shoe.
Why?
His name is Jiggy.
His name is Justin, but we call him Jiggy.
Come on, man, it's fun.
Yeah, that's pretty fun.
You need to have more love in your soul.
Thanks, Juggie.
Juggie and Jiggy?
Yeah, we call ourselves DJ sometimes when we're out in the town.
Your voice is getting a little more current.
This happens when I get nervous.
I don't know.
This is a wear.
Okay, show it off, Kendall.
Place your leg on my hand.
Wait, I have to lift my pants up.
Hold on.
Behold, chat, the ballet sneaker.
Wow.
Jiggy has the same shoes.
Isn't that crazy?
Show them off, Jiggy.
Nice.
Honestly, I don't mind them.
Are these actually?
Kendall thought they would look way...
Stand on the chair.
Stand on the chair.
Get on this chair.
Stand on the chair.
Hold the chair.
This is nice.
This is cute.
And then, and then, and then you can even tie it here in the front instead of the back.
Shut the fuck up.
Y'all are making fun of me.
You're making fun of me.
Chat, I will fuck you up, chat.
Go talk to my girl that way, chat.
I'll go make fun of me like this.
I will go crazy.
These are called Taekwondo Booshes, actually.
They're called Taekwondo Shoes.
Yeah, that's what the Adidas Taekwondo.
So they're not ballet sneakers.
No.
That's what the style is called.
I see.
I'm going to wear these out tonight, you fuckers.
You can't stop her.
My boy, Jiggy, is going to wear one too.
Say no.
What is with your voice?
I like them.
What do you mean?
Great job, Kendall.
How am I doing?
Honestly, you're doing good.
Duggy.
I'm not Jiggy.
Jiggy?
Okay, whatever.
Um, great.
Here's more.
Here's more videos.
And domain expansion.
Holy shit.
What do you mean?
You didn't do there.
Uh, that's the power.
He believed in the card so hard that he became one.
This is going to be true card master for when you're, you got a black swan of four,
but you need to bullet seven.
It's kind of what she's doing tonight, honestly.
So they're perfect.
Uh, okay.
Let's keep these rolling.
We got to finish soonish.
6.25 for our card carrying card king, but not that one.
Not the chat one.
That wasn't card, that wasn't card king.
No.
Well, wait, was that shared by card king?
It was shared by card king.
So it counts.
Uh, okay.
This though, coming from dandy gamer.
Let's see what this is.
Pratt fact that doofus was going his hot amulup.
I'm Blorley J Platterpuss, and I'm glad to announce that we have been 100% brain eating
parasite free for seven years.
Me and my beloved, pyschus train fleas have been stealing, uh, that is legitimately
pyschus thing.
Some amazing things at this wacky flea market.
I got all three million issues of those loveable wacky dribble and primates
good as the X-mores.
What's that crazy character up to today, huh?
Make sure I keep writing your dice.
So come on down to a flea market so crazy I should still be in jail.
But I'm on the roll.
Polly's flea market on the drive located somewhere in this general region.
Call the number on your screen now.
Yeah, I didn't, I didn't know, I didn't know what they were saying for a lot of that.
I, I, I, something though.
I got a flea market stuff at the end.
So good.
And then flea market and uh, uh, what?
I should flee.
I could flee.
A video made me want to flee.
Yeah, um, yep.
Good one.
Okay.
Okay.
Maybe you'll like this.
Maybe this is what everybody's been waiting for.
Wow.
She was, uh, did she drop to make a, are you trying to make a pun again?
She put, uh, I guess.
I'm, she's extra back in the saddle.
That would have been pretty good if you hadn't hurt yourself saying it so much.
1.5.
Great.
Way to go, Dougie.
Um, okay.
This is all the A's from Bad Bunny's performance.
Let's see how many A's it takes for this video to get unlisted.
He's good, man.
Yeah, I know that a lot of people are upset.
I think he's good.
I like him.
I thought that was one of the better half-time performances I've seen.
I mean, I don't know what the bar is.
Half-time performances are generally known for their musical quality, but
I thought as far as the half-time show goes, I don't really know how much more you can
ask for out of like a giant pop performance.
Um, we'll end on this one actually, because I keep seeing this video pop up and now it's
stuck in my head.
So now you all have to deal with also having it stuck in your head.
Although probably you've already heard it.
In case anybody wonders what Bad Bunny's saying all the time,
I think this one's honestly gotten quite a few shares.
So you might have already seen it again, but we'll give it a shot anyway.
Here's a guy that's translating for us, basically.
The English version?
Aye.
So my NTSB, why got so many girlfriends?
Aye.
A lot of girlfriends today I got one and tomorrow got another one.
And but I never worry oh my NTSB, why got so many girlfriends?
Aye.
A lot of girlfriends today I got one and tomorrow got another one.
Man I think I want to take them all to the VIP, to the VIP.
Aye.
Well they give me my NTSB, I'm gonna take a selfie and say cheese.
They smile if they already been with never me.
Man I like to get real love and up for three shots and my knees go...
And then it keeps going.
What do you think Rock-Fire is that?
Up to your musical standards?
I don't know, that is pretty good.
Anyway, if you're ever wondering, why do you think the names were in
what do you think the names were in English?
Like what do you think Patricia was in Spanish?
What do you think Patricia was in Spanish?
Probably Patricia, 8.8.
Seems like it's good if it's stopping point is any.
Maybe because I'm slightly running out of time.
Maybe we will end on trip and we will kick the game request
over to Friday as I love to kick things.
But on the bright side then I can download the game.
We can skip the part where there's a good 20 minutes of
honestly of cryptos who's not me being confused by how basic emulator software works.
So for now let's send it down to the streets.
You can send trip your opinions on the street.
So you don't have to lean in when I lean in.
I thought you wanted to say something specifically to me.
I wasn't, you don't see if I do this you don't.
I'm not trying to whisper anything to you.
You sure?
You're not?
I'm not gonna kiss him.
I don't want to do that.
I'm not, I give up.
What?
We are so close.
Nah, we're, I'm too far behind you.
Okay, my phone's in here.
Okay, anyway we're gonna send it down to the streets.
You can send trip your opinions by typing estimation point trip.
You don't have to talk at the same time as me.
It's time for trip on the streets.
What the heck?
Oh my god, I'm disappearing.
What is the meaning of this?
How could they do this to me?
Trippy bee.
I'm in, I'm in deep camouflage today.
I'm gonna see if I can fix it.
See if I can fix it.
Ah, okay.
Oh, yes.
Ow.
All right.
Almost there everyone.
So close.
Close to perfect.
There it is.
And we're back on the streets in a beautiful shade of green.
You can send me your opinions of course.
What the heck?
Where is my?
There it is.
That's how you see how many opinions we have waiting.
We have quite a few actually.
Let's not waste any time because somebody's been shown off their feet and stuff.
And or just taking forever to talk about Pam Bondi.
Well, I'm here to actually get opinions.
Okay.
The stuff that really matters in this world.
What are the people thinking?
Um, and I'm not afraid to find out right away.
Okay.
Yes, you there.
I am in fact Trippy Bee.
What do you want from me?
I have a huntsman mustache.
Hello trip.
Are you ready to be a mustache man like Mike Matheson?
The mustache man?
It's big.
It's hairy.
And hop on folks.
Yep.
You don't seem, you seem a little more confused and enthusiastic.
Hop on folks.
It ain't scary.
Ha, here.
All aboard.
Trip.
Hop on.
Is your mustache like for sex?
No, I mean a literal mustache ride around the park.
Hop onto my face.
I'll carry you around.
I have great neck strength and you can grip my mustache like handlebars.
I don't think it's big enough for me to grab with both hands.
Adjust your body so that your taint is on my chin.
Then grip the sides of my mustache tightly with the corners of your hands.
I will look up the whole time making it possible for me to carry you about the park on a literal
mustache ride.
What's confusing about that trip?
Um, I guess that's pretty clear but I'm gonna pass now that I understand more fully.
Hmm, where did I lose you?
I'm always open to notes.
The part where I have to put my taint on your chin wasn't my favorite.
You could put it at the top of my head.
That might be more reasonable.
Then are you really riding the mustache though?
Am I riding it if my weight's on your chin?
Shouldn't my weight have to be on the mustache?
Oh my god.
You're 100% right.
I'm going to go and rethink everything.
That's why I'm such a big fan.
I just had to think about that one for a minute.
Sort of considering some life choices after that one.
Think did I make a big mistake now not doing that?
Okay, who else is out here for me?
I'm still Trippie B.
But you guys say bye to Casey's girlfriend.
What?
Goodbye Kendall.
Kendall's out.
Kendall came all the way to the park to show you guys her outfit.
I think she looks great.
Goodbye.
Have a great time.
One second.
I had to bite a mosquito in the middle of the air.
That's why I leaned over with my face like that.
I wasn't concerned.
Look, dead chat.
Is chat dead?
Please tell me if chat is dead.
Is chat dead?
I think they just are still typing.
What makes the chat dead?
Are they da- are they- are they...
Googles and ghosts?
I- I- it's up to chat if they're dead.
Skymer says they're dead.
I guess chat is dead.
Oh my god.
I am one of you to be with you.
I want to board the pirate crew of the damned.
I've been searching the globe for a dead chat so that I can
ply my zombie pirate ways.
And I kicked off my boat for being uh...
I got kicked off my- my undead pirate boat for
the pong.
If it asks me anything.
Just gonna let that one pass.
Just gonna let that sort of ship's passing in the night you might say.
I didn't want to talk to the goon pirate.
Okay.
Uh, right.
Who else is out here?
Yes, you there.
Oh, what the heck is with all these spirits today?
Are you AI slop?
Oh, it is AI slop.
Uh, shoes?
Let's find out the shoes story.
Together?
Some people are just trying to break my mental will with their
complete drivel.
But I won't let them.
Uh, okay.
It did sound- it sounded like sort of radio ham taro.
Okay, yes.
You there.
Who are you?
Talk to me.
I'm Chippy B.
Hey, Tripp.
It's your boy Matt Liddell, apparently.
There was supposed to be a tie made in my visage.
Sometime ago?
Matt, your whole face is exposed.
The musculature of it?
Yeah, I know.
What's the status on, uh, when do I get my royalties?
What's the status on that?
When do I get my royalties?
Those are the two big, big Maddie Boy questions.
Big Tom Maddie Boy!
You do have very strong face muscles.
Let's move on past that.
Let's focus on what I'm asking, Tripp.
What's the status?
Come on.
Supposed to be, uh, you know, like a tie?
A Matt Liddell tie?
Is that a thing, Case?
Promised at some point?
Uh, pretty sure.
You see my watch streak?
We appreciate the watch streak immensely.
Supposed Matt Liddell?
Supposed, man?
That ain't gonna talk to you.
That ain't gonna talk to your future tax attorney?
What?
Matt's not a tax attorney.
Matt Liddell, tax attorney's at law.
You're just an insane man who ripped off his face, aren't you?
No.
A Maddie Liddell.
Well, I'll talk to Case about your royalties,
and honestly, I hope he pays you.
Fuck that guy.
Wow.
Nice.
That's fucked up and that's the most sick I'll give him.
A Mellidell.
All right, there's gotta be someone out here that's
taking this a little more seriously.
There's gotta be someone out here that's willing to try to talk to me, Trippie B.
Really lock in and have a conversation about how they feel.
Yes, you there, please.
I need a good convo.
You're wearing a whole robot apparatus.
Yeah, but...
Yes, permanently.
I'm on a permanent outdoor trip into the great cosmos of thoughts.
My name is appropriate to my every action.
I'm Tripp Bradstein.
What's the Bradstein part?
I have a Steiner, a big stein that says Brad on it.
Damn.
That's... I mean, I'm just a robot fine, whatever.
You gave up?
Well, no, I feel bad.
That wasn't really my intention.
I just was hoping you'd defend your position.
No one's defending their position to me today.
Okay, that's fine, I guess.
Who else?
Who else, please, wants to talk?
To me.
Still being Trippie B.
Someone will succumb to my wily ways.
But yes, you there.
A loop.
De-loop.
A twisty wee.
No fucking way, what did you do?
Have I told you I infiltrated Atari Age to continue my reign of banning?
And I am not done with Atari Age.
Atari Age?
What is that?
You have to ask, then...
What?
You know I've never heard of it?
Are you serious?
I infiltrated it.
I snuck in as a believable monkey to Atari...
What is Atari Age?
Atari Age.
I don't know what the fuck that is.
It's, uh, everybody knows.
And I snuck in and, um, everybody was blown away by my
ability to infiltrate as a man of mystery and as a speaking primate.
You look like a Ubisoft executive.
So what aren't you getting here, Tripp?
You're fucking banned, okay?
I'm different now.
I mean, you're a monkey leaking...
Brown snot.
What?
No.
No, I got gacked.
What?
I got waterboarded with gack.
Why?
I died to do terrorism in Atari Age.
And they waterboarded me with gack, but it didn't stop me.
And now my reign of terror is extended to here after I officially did effective terrorism on Atari Age.
What the fuck is Atari Age?
Okay.
Okay, you're gonna play dumb with me.
Even though I survived waterboarding with gack, you think that you can just
not get what I'm talking about?
So...
I guess I'll just go play.
I'll just go plot my revenge and you see how that works out.
Big fan.
What did he say, big fan?
All right.
Um, let's just keep going.
Let's see who...
Somebody's gotta want to talk to me.
It is I.
Avant le honteux.
Beans, hair, style, elves.
Things are making more sense.
Everyone is erroneous network.
Is required as a Samurai cut.
Well, it's a homage.
But...
It bribed me $20 to not cut his luscious hair.
It's more than I get paid here.
Ha ha!
I don't know who.
It's more than it was for you.
I need to cut your fucking hair.
So while I'm here, I want to cut some fucking hair.
Okay?
Guys on this network with similar hair stylers.
They can't be...
You know, there can't be two white guys.
Okay?
I need to cut something.
I need to cut your...
I need to cut a bush.
I need to cut a hair.
Come on, let me do this.
Does the eye at the top of your head work?
I literally have an eye for hair.
Ha ha ha!
And don't just have a winning smile.
I have three.
As well as I got a job with a dog.
I came up to the dog.
I was making noises with my three mouths.
And he said, what?
Is this?
This is fun.
And then I got a high paying job.
High paying, really.
Case pays anyone what?
I'm his only well paid employee apparently.
He says his hair is very important
since everyone needs to look the same.
Well then why do you have the same hair as me?
I don't.
For me, this is not hair.
For me, this is where my eyes live.
This is required hair for me.
I don't get to have my own style.
For me, this is...
I have to keep my hair like this or I can't see.
All right, well I don't want you to come here on my bush.
Fuck me!
I don't want you to come here on my bush.
Amazing!
Where's that a full impasse once more?
Can't you let me cut it a little bit?
Can you now?
What is happening to your hair?
Fine, you can cut my hair a tiny amount.
Yes!
Okay!
Let me get my scissors.
They're real pros.
They use scissors that both front are get.
Okay!
A little snippy.
A little snippy.
A tiny little snippy.
And there you go.
A haircut from Avononif.
The man of a thousand haircuts!
Really, you're not the guy with three mouths and an eye in your hair?
Is...
So mean that he says that.
I'm not defined by my eyebrows or the eye in my hair.
I'm defined by the choices I make.
And I just to cut her teeth.
I just gave you a beautiful haircut for free.
I do look a thousand percent better and I return that kindness with rudeness.
I'll regret it for the rest of my life.
Up guys!
That's fun, son!
I guess I'm a different guy than that chef guy.
And I have to call that out.
That's fine, I guess.
Um...
Five more.
Wonder if this works.
Stop!
But it still doesn't work.
Nope.
Okay, um, let's continue.
Who else?
Who else is out here today?
Yes, you there.
Oh boy.
Um, just I guess um...
Maybe try to do work over the phone.
That works for pollsters, right?
Make sure your interviews are not over video,
Zoom or anything.
Try to just land a job entirely over the phone.
Great.
Glad that I could be of help.
Just see if I can find anybody else to talk to today.
Yes, you there.
Well, hey, Tramp.
I'm Wally Wonka.
Some blonde lady and an old guy just wrote...
I wrote Black Sharpie all over me while yelling,
You're redacted and you're banned.
And I'm very scared.
So watch out for them.
Anyway, big fan.
Oh, no, I'll talk to you though.
I'll actually...
You're just a guy, right?
Son of a bitch.
He did have a little bit of a creepy energy,
but I'd say arguably less creepy.
Um, alright.
Fine.
Someone else, I'm sure.
Wants to have a thorough and well-considered conversation
with me, Tripp Bradstein.
Yes, you there.
Tripp, you might know me from the acclaimed
fighting game series, Bloody Roar.
I'm Goddow the Lion.
No, you're not.
What?
I'm sorry to negate everyone right away,
but you're just so clearly a wolf.
Tripp, we're not defined by how we
look.
We're defined by our actions.
And I've had sex with more lions
than any wolf on the planet.
Okay, okay, that's not it.
That's not...
That doesn't make it better.
Anyway, I'm Goddow the Lion.
I work the streaming sites.
Looking for prey.
I mean competition.
Do I?
Some mama's boys named Crypto Zeus
bailed on his arcade run
before he got to me the ultimate boss.
What's his beast form?
The chicken?
He is sexy when he's in pain though.
Jenny was right about that.
I guess he takes after his mother
except the giant forehead.
I think he gets that from Pastor Joe.
I'll see you in the ring, Brandon.
Roar!
Feel bad that I...
So combative with everyone, but why would he call him?
It just...
It's rare to be talking...
Whatever.
Let's see who else is out here today.
I guess you're there.
Hey!
What have you been?
I've been trying to hunt you.
Track you?
Track you?
Find you regarding the opinion
that you're an elusive man and that you're in a...
And that your skin is with means on the market.
You look familiar from bring back memories.
Now that I'm the face to face with you,
I don't think I can do it.
You know, if you get such pretty eyes.
What?
I mean, love with you.
I came to tell you that I'm an elusive.
You said that's like...
Are you a lion?
Yeah.
My name is Jack Turtle.
And I want to see if this can happen between us.
I love you.
And you're the same, but I love you.
Okay.
Trying to hunt solo me right now?
I didn't say I know.
I said, okay.
Because I love that too.
Kill something, man.
That's okay.
That's fine.
Wait, you little eeral wolf?
I'm Jack Turtle.
You just walked up to me.
Just keep that in mind.
I'm a street interviewer.
I love you.
That's fine.
People see me on...
They see me on 80s television.
Back in the day when I had really luscious brown hair.
And they fall in love with it.
But I'm a different guy now.
I'm a street man.
I live in a bush.
And I'm not committed to humanity.
I'm committed to opinions.
So there's no time.
There's no room in this heart for love.
There's only room in this heart for street thoughts.
Okay?
Is that clear?
You broke in our heart today, beautiful street man.
I've broken our heart today.
Big fan.
Bruce Green just rated with a 131,327 people.
I'm Tripp Bradstein.
I'm talking to a wolf.
And that's really the only context I think you get.
Yeah, that's many, many lions.
So many lions in the pride today.
Yes, welcome to the wolf sex, everyone.
I'm Tripp Bradstein.
I'm a man who lives on the street.
By choice.
And gets all of your hot opinions.
You can send me one with exclamation point trip.
You know, you could just see what this is and then be like,
I'm good.
Either one totally fair.
Okay.
And really, thank you so much, Bruce, for the raid.
I hope you're having a beautiful one today.
But I have no choice.
No matter what happens,
I must continue the procession of opinions sent to me by chat,
interview them expertly and move on.
Next please.
Who's there?
Hi, Tripp.
Hello.
I'm a big fan of that brick guy.
He's totally right about that Pam chick.
For anyone just joining us, there's a guy on the stream, not me.
Seems to be sexually attracted to Pam Bondi.
I'm not me either till just now, till he made me realize,
listen, I've never been more torqued
than when I took too much cough medicine and had a sleep paralysis demon staring at me.
And nothing, nothing has matched that level of inhumane evilness except for her.
And you know what?
Do not kink shame.
I wasn't, what do you like about her?
Honestly, what do you like about her?
Confident?
Is she?
Does that, does it read his confidence?
Confident.
Um, medium height?
Or really strong medium height?
Okay.
But you don't like that?
That's fine.
I just, it's not a huge selling point for me.
Shoes.
You like her shoes?
She's wearing some for sure.
And you don't get that.
You don't get that every day.
You don't get shoes every day?
Not every day.
Not every day.
See, um, somebody that confident medium height in shoes?
So, anyway, what I'm saying, I'll take my question off air.
I mean my answer.
No, that's not how this works.
I don't keep talk.
Oh well.
Look, we got a huge raid right in the middle of this.
That's beautiful.
But we're out of opinions now.
So I have no choice to go back on what we previously said and aggressively send
it to one of the most annoying guys on the planet being a complete asshole to everyone.
It's time for Crypto Zeus.
Here is fucking crazy today.
Okay.
Off my glasses.
I don't wear glasses.
You're sexy when you're in pain.
That's brick lizard.
Thank you.
There we go.
There we go.
Now I feel more like myself.
Hey everybody, we're back.
Again, I guess we're ready to play some more games.
For those who don't know, I'm Crypto Zeus.
I'm one of the top streamers in the world, actually.
But I made a deal to be on this guy's stream was not one of those.
But it's paying real good.
Okay.
My mom is also here.
Thank you, mommy.
That's great.
That's fine.
Today we're playing a different game requested by chat.
Not but a few minutes ago.
And I have to figure out what it is.
Because I forgot.
I'll admit it.
I forgot.
Fucking busy.
I'm busy all the time.
But the game we're playing, if I can figure it out,
is Burncycle.
We're playing Burncycle.
What kind of sandwich should I have?
Man, brand.
What, mom?
All of these people.
You are not having one of those diddy parties in your room again, are you?
No, mom.
It's streaming.
I've explained this at least twice over the last 10 years.
I am a streamer and occasional political actor.
Okay.
Burncycle is what we're playing today.
And it's already fucking good to go, actually.
What kind of sandwich should I have is the question that has been asked.
Mom, what?
Wait, I'm going to the grown up store.
Do you need any KY?
Is that like PB and J stuff, mom?
Is that like a different type of thing I can put on a sandwich?
Because we're trying to figure that out right now.
I guess it's not.
I guess it's not.
Okay.
Um, I gotta see if I can get this to work again.
We are going to play Burncycle, which I have loaded up legally via this website.
But the question really is, can I get my controller to work?
Mom.
Is this going to work?
Oh, shit.
I think I have to play with my keyboard.
Oh, it's a mouse game.
It's a mouse game, guys.
Okay.
We're freaking good to go.
This is Burncycle.
For anybody who doesn't know, this was like one of the biggest games over COVID.
But everybody's memory holds that, so they don't even remember it.
But this is pretty recent stuff.
Rick, what?
Hey, let's ride.
We've got nothing but time.
You get all the reaction.
You're the main attraction.
It's no surprise.
My CIA ammo perp-closer.
You're the perfect attraction.
You're the main attraction.
Thanks.
I appreciate it, I guess.
I'm actually gaming right now, though, Rick.
What?
They say cutter?
Like, guitar?
I tried to think, but my thoughts raced around nowhere to go.
It was like someone had put a shotgun upside my head and blown a hole clear through my brain.
I'm trying to learn the story, Mom.
Can you please stop?
What?
Okay, they're just sort of throwing me in here.
I haven't played in a while.
Like, normally I'd obviously be kind of essentially speedrunning this, but...
Mom, what?
I don't entirely remember what I'm supposed to do.
Mom!
Yeah, I used...
It's... I used all of it, Mom.
I used all of the preparation H on my beard, and that's why my face is less stingy today.
I used it for good reason.
What? What the fuck?
Something was wrong.
I had never passed out in a job before.
What? Oh, I lost?
Hey, you know that guy, Bad Bunny?
Yes.
He's still trying to figure it out.
Is he bad?
Or is he a bunny?
Because honestly, it can't be both.
Anyway.
What?
Did you see him at the Super Bowl?
I have to watch the whole cutscene again?
I've seen the single word you said.
Mom!
I've seen my whole book cover of sessions.
Mom!
I've never heard of Finding My Life.
That's what I've been doing this for a few days already.
Seriously.
Mom!
I've been fucking out yet.
I used to be listening to Bad Bunny.
I understand.
Mom, you're making...
I'm glad I was able to live you.
Oh, horrible.
Mom, you're creating a chaotic viewing experience that's off-putting to people.
Come in, cutter.
What kind of your eyes?
Okay, this time I'm gonna really lock in on this game.
But my thoughts raced around with nowhere to go.
It was like someone had put a shotgun upside my head and blown a hole clear through my brain.
Uh-huh.
Cutta, me go down you.
Okay, I gotta pick up more context clues.
But what's to be done here?
Brick, what?
I'm trying to pick up context clues.
Blind in the deepest night.
What?
Grasping for a fleeting memory.
All the thoughts keep piercing this broken mind.
I fall, but I'm still standing motionless.
Brick!
Words that kill.
Would you speak them to me?
With your breath so still, it makes me believe.
In the father's sins, let me suffer now.
Brick, you are fucking ruining my gaming experience.
Please.
No, they can't make me watch the whole thing again.
That'd be insane.
Remember, if your cover is blown to burn everything and create a new identity, it's a burn cycle.
Brick, that would have been useful information like before I got shot and I died twice and I'd
watched this intro twice.
How is there no way to skip this?
No.
Cutta, what's happening?
Are you alright?
I tried to think that my thoughts-
Resolute trial, thank you so much for the 10.
It was like someone had put a shotgun upside my head.
I like, I fucking needed that right now.
Like I'm in a really low place right now.
I fucking needed that.
Brick, what?
I'll help you regulate your burn cycle.
Talk to me, god damn you.
There's too many people talking to me.
I'm trying- I'm trying to think Resolute Trial who honestly that's extremely kind and I-
Like I really- I'm in a dark hole right now.
And if I don't beat this game, I don't know what'll happen.
So like that means everything right now.
Okay.
With that in mind, let's click on this again.
Okay.
Press left.
You know what?
Let's try that.
Mom, please.
Brand brand there is apparently Goose's farm around this house.
You want me to make more mayonnaise and baby oil some?
No, Goose is my male stalker mom.
Don't let him in.
Okay.
No, no!
Again?
Please!
Turning that way did not help.
No.
Well let's try clicking restore.
Restore?
Restore?
It does not do anything.
Brick, seriously, what do I do here?
Please.
This time I'm gonna win.
This time it's no problem actually.
I literally probably will let the top gamer on the planet.
I'm not gonna let this game beat me.
I'll dive in a question.
Brick, what?
I tried to think but my thoughts raced around with nowhere to go.
It was like someone had put a shotgun upside my head and blown a hole clear through my brain.
Why is Brick being so quiet?
Okay maybe there's something I can listen to.
How about this?
Oh!
In my time there'll be no one else.
Crime.
It's the way I fly to you.
Just get out of there and song.
Snake eater.
I'm still in a dream.
Snake eater.
I'm still in a dream.
Brick!
Snake eater.
Snake eater.
Brick, yes!
I'm still in a dream.
Brick!
That's Brick Lizard everyone.
I'm still in a dream.
Brick, oh my.
Yes!
I'm still in a dream.
Snake eater.
Brick!
Snake eater.
What?
I'm still in a dream.
Brick, stop!
I'm still in a dream.
Brick!
Snake eater.
Still in a dream.
Snake eater.
Brick!
I'm still in a dream.
Stop it!
Snake eater.
I'm still in a dream.
Brick!
Snake eater.
I'm still in a dream.
Snake eater.
I'm still in a dream.
Snake eater, I'm still in a dream snake eater
I'm still
Snake eater, I'm still in a dream
Snake eater, okay, okay?
I'm still in a dream
I'm still in a dream. I'm still in a dream you have to shut the buzz. I have to shut up. Sorry everyone
Sorry, it's gonna break certain things, but I have to shut Brick up.
Okay, whoever did that is truly an expert.
At whatever the stream is.
Alright.
Back to the game, everyone.
Obviously, we're a spy, and we're trying not to get burned.
I've only got a couple options.
Map, and of course, TX.
Or I guess I could turn around and roll the dice,
and see if I get shot to death.
But let's click on map.
Okay.
Brick.
Brick, I don't have access to the beta.
Am I supposed to click on one of these?
No.
Okay, let's just...
No!
Mom.
I don't need that kind of talk right now.
I'm in a dark place because of this gaming experience that I'm having.
Alright, turning around is never the right option.
A lesser streamer would probably quit this game and say,
this feels like it's actually designed to torture you.
That's because most people don't actually care about games.
I'm... we've made a lot of progress, actually.
So, I'm not about to stop now.
I thought he might just keep saying that forever.
Okay, yep.
I really... I know all these lines now.
No.
I don't think I am.
I tried to think, but my thoughts raced around with nowhere to go.
It was like someone had put a shotgun upside my head and blown a hole clear through my brain.
Okay.
The people Bell called them because you hadn't placed an order in three days.
Mom.
Because they said it was highly unusual.
It is, but I've been busy as you can see I'm doing stuff.
I'm okay.
The data must have packeted a... I got a sudden shock first.
Okay.
It's been made. Just get out of there and fast.
Okay.
So we just have to leave.
No, don't do it, Rick.
Don't keep talking.
All right.
I can't turn around.
I will fucking instantly die.
To me, god damn you.
I just was talking to her.
That doesn't even make sense.
Does it always say that?
I'm here.
There's our personality.
I'm the vicinity.
No!
No, no, no, no, no, no, no!
Oh!
Oh, I had a gun!
I had a gun.
Fuck!
I did not mean to click that far.
Snaker!
No!
Okay.
I just have to lock in.
All I have to do is lock in.
I am the burn cycle.
I'm not the snake eater.
I'm the burn cycle for the love of god.
Why is there no way to skip this?
What?
Mom!
Mom, no!
Mom!
We're trying to mentally break me, mom.
I tried to think, but my thoughts raced around with nowhere to go.
It was like someone had put a shotgun upside my head and blown a hole clear through my brain.
What do you say?
Is it President Biden?
I'm trying, Mr. Former President, that I disagree with politically.
I don't do politics while I'm gaming though.
Mom, no!
Mom, no!
I'm okay.
Mom, no!
I got a socket.
I got a socket.
I'm sorry.
Mom, stop!
I'm haunted by these words, mom.
Stop it!
Okay.
I think what I have to do is I have to turn and shoot.
I pray to god that I'm right.
Okay.
Yes!
You guys see that shit?
Okay.
I'm trying to get out of here.
I'm trying to get out of here.
I'm trying to get out of here.
I'm trying to get out of here.
I'm tracking every movement to the tunnels.
Knock and load.
Um, I literally have so much shit to do.
All right.
I can't...
No!
Mom, there's too much going on right now.
What the fuck was that?
I know.
What the heck is happening now?
Look at this chat.
Oh, no.
I couldn't play that.
Thank you for all the bits and support.
I know.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
And leave room for our new development.
The challenge is the mind.
Thank you for the constant bits and support.
The product and the human's wisdom.
I appreciate it.
It means everything to me.
One second.
I've got to fix some shit.
Some shit's really broken right now.
I gotta fix it.
Okay.
Anyway, I am here for anybody wondering.
I am still alive.
Yeah, I am still here.
Really not important right now.
It's not essential right now.
I'm sorry.
Okay.
We're going to try this one more time.
Hey, mom's talking to you.
I can't...
It's unskippable, mom.
You think I want?
Okay.
New game.
Okay, it was skippable.
It was skippable.
You could skip it.
You don't have to watch it any of those times.
I just figured out I looked up.
I back ended up skipping the figure out of skipping.
What the fuck was that, Brick?
Okay.
We're locking in.
Skip this cutscene.
I don't care.
I got to kill guys.
Get shot to death.
Okay.
Thank you for the bits and support.
We will be thanking them as soon as I beat this game.
We will thank all the bits and subs as soon as I beat the game.
It's going to happen in about two minutes.
If a horse could shit this room, this room is going to be full of it right now.
Because it's full of it anyway.
I'm going to skip this cutscene real quick.
I'm getting right back in.
Now that I know how to play this game, now that I'm pretty much a pro, I can't be stopped.
Okay.
I'm being blocked by my own pole, but I am still here.
Easy shot.
Okay.
Let's have some fun.
This beat is sick.
I thought I was dead, but I was dead.
Let's have some fun.
This beat is sick.
I want to take a ride on your disco stick.
I want to kiss you, but if I do, then I might miss you, babe.
So not helpful.
It's complicated and stupid.
Got my ass squeezed by sexy Cupid.
Guess he wants to play.
Wants to play.
Is this game too loud?
Should I turn the game down?
I died.
I fucking died.
Brand, brand.
I forgot to put your outside shoes on the rack.
They can't cheat in them and they smell better.
Want me to let them keep it up?
Mom.
Yes.
Okay.
Let's keep going.
Now that I know how to skip cutscenes, I'm unstoppable in this game.
Boom.
Easy.
I understood exactly where to shoot.
That's years of spycraft at work.
Shut up, miss.
I'm busy.
What?
That was a lip.
You guys saw that?
That was a headshot.
No, I dropped frames there.
I dropped a couple frames as bullshit.
Your mom is a real snake eater.
If you catch my drift, you're in a dream.
Dream.
If I could meet the game, maybe he'd be beating it right now.
You're still in a dream.
I'd be a snake eater.
I do look like I could probably beat the game.
I have trained.
There's not time for that sort of talk right now.
Okay.
Shot.
One shot.
One kill.
That's what we're that's our motto now.
It's too fucking easy.
Unstoppable.
Fight.
Unstoppable violence.
You'll have the rest of your entire life to prove.
Okay.
I'm going to go right.
It might be a huge mistake.
It might be the end of me.
I'm going backwards now.
I went backwards.
Headshot.
Easy headshot.
Shit.
This way.
You see that guy's kick?
That was dangerous.
That was so close to fucking death.
Okay.
Now we're cooking.
Now we're flying.
Okay.
I just circled.
Shit.
Shut up miss.
Where am I supposed to go?
President Biden you're blocking me.
My fans can't see me.
Stop it.
What the where am I supposed to?
Oh god.
You really suck at shooting.
I got a dead brother.
I could cut off his arm and replace yours.
Forward.
Oh hell yeah.
Forward.
Okay.
Yes.
Mom.
I mean that's not my mom.
I know that's not my mom.
I shot that guy in the dick but it somehow hit his heart.
Easy.
The key is to not panic.
You got to stay extremely cool under pressure.
Am I going to die if I go forward?
Remember don't support products that are
supported by people like something here on my.
AI is being used to help eyes.
Yeah mom.
I would never use AI for anything.
Okay.
It's too annoying to like do text interface.
What the hell does this map mean?
What?
Okay wait.
I clicked map but I don't get what I did with the map at all.
I guess forward and then to the...
I'm trying to get to the middle of this?
Don't forget to add your lotion.
Lots of funky socks and rags lately.
You must be asking.
Mom I just it's a waste to wash socks too often.
Oh I can't go further.
I'm literally locked.
I'm literally trapped in a nightmare.
Okay I got to turn around I guess.
So I'm gonna try to kill me like always?
Nope.
Who's gonna try to kill me here?
Guides are for pussies.
You see that?
I shot that guy basically instantly.
I'm becoming fully unstoppable.
Oh god I almost died.
I did not almost die actually though because I'm so good.
Fuck you.
I don't even know where I am.
Look at my screen right now.
What even is that?
No.
How am I over...
Okay I need to get here?
I thought that's what I tried to do.
I'm ordering Red Lobster.
You want me to door dash you some cheddar bay biscuits?
Yes obviously Brick.
You're getting Red Lobster.
I would love some cheddar bay biscuits.
You don't even have to ask.
Please just get them for me if you're going.
Okay okay okay.
Don't you fucking dare.
Okay all right I just have to turn left I think.
Why did that guy teleport away?
How?
What's happening to your eye?
No clearly.
He looks insane with a face out in the snow.
He's rapping about piss or something I think.
Is he a friend of yours?
No that's another one of my stalkers.
That's X Crane.
He's a former mod who I accidentally got him locked up for several years.
Dude with sponsorship deal that went wrong.
Do not let him in.
Okay.
We're locking in chat.
Okay I guess this way?
Okay.
Mom.
Let's wait.
Mom we're trying to break me mentally.
My reality is unshakable.
Holy shit okay this is fucking impossible.
It's a miracle that I made it this far.
This game is one of the hardest games of all time.
Uh oh.
Every turn you make is potential death.
Mom no.
Was I supposed to do something there?
Oh.
Uh oh.
Oh my god Tamtran what the hell?
I can't click away from the screen to thank all the bits and subs because if I hang
anywhere for too long a guy comes and kills me.
But I appreciate all the bits and subs and I will thank them.
I swear to god I'm just and I'm in a really dark place right now.
But what?
Cat I'm a kitty cat and I dance dance dance.
Cat I'm a kitty cat and I dance dance dance.
And I dance dance dance.
Cat I'm a kitty cat.
And I dance dance dance.
I don't have a map anymore this is fucking bullshit.
Cat I'm a kitty cat.
Yeah brick we get it.
Also you're a lizard I thought.
Like honestly what do you even mean?
Um.
I die.
Branson also plays computer games.
Maybe you can play on his TikTok.
You should have friends you're a handsome boy.
Oh mom he does self-abuse TikToks it's a different genre.
It's not what I'm doing.
I'm a gamer.
Okay I think we fucking get it now though.
We basically understand the game fully.
And they get you the night girl.
Oh my door.
Nanumi.
Seen check it.
Let go.
Rick.
You hear me.
Namadri.
Get up busy to learn a different language right now.
I fucked up.
I forgot that that guy was there.
Shit.
Okay good.
Some lotion.
I need that right now.
I'm losing you.
Yeah.
I wonder if I can save her life this time.
Hey, bring us to drain your mac and cheese.
I need both to hold my brood so they don't fly all over the place.
Oh mom.
Come in.
Cut up.
What's happening?
You alright?
I almost saved myself two black eyes coming down the stairs just now.
Mom that's really selfish because I do need to drain the mac and cheese too.
Baby we could just get you a couple extra bras.
I can't help it that they're perfect for draining mac and cheese.
Who wants to fuck with me right now?
Okay thank god I made it through the first level.
You see the speed I was going in?
I don't need a bathroom break mom I'm locked in.
Okay where the fuck am I supposed to go?
No no no no no I can't go that way.
Honestly what do you-
Yeah this- go faster this time cutter.
I can't go that way!
Damn that sucks.
I have to- that happened to her.
Hux.
And then could you look up for a mama's gonna get railed by the height frame trap beat?
No particular reason.
But probably because I'm about to get railed by the height-
Mom!
I don't even-
Get it?
I'm gonna get railed.
Railed.
Like on a train track.
And it's a height frame.
I don't get-
Railed.
Railed.
Are you saying you need Amtrak tickets?
I don't get it mom what?
Did I beat this bit to death yet?
Railed.
You let her die Brandon.
Brandon.
Snake that's fucked up to say to me.
Literally that could have happened to anyone on the planet which has happened to this guy.
Dude what the shit?
Okay wait wait wait wait wait.
Forward?
Into here?
Is there something I'm-
What am I-
What am I supposed to do?
I don't get to hear solo.
Fuck yeah.
Oh da-
And now now now now now now now now.
Right.
I can't just say dark and twisted stuff to me like that I let my girlfriend die.
Not that I don't have a girlfriend but you know in the game that's-
My girlfriend basically.
And then just act like everything's chill between us.
You need to apologize for the fucked up things you said to me about my-
Not girlfriend that's my girlfriend in this game.
I'm on the record saying I do not talk to women.
Okay uh-
Fuck.
The hype ended.
Did I just hear a guitar's off?
Hell brick them things are flying high for him.
What?
Also why is the game always breaking?
It seems like not ideal.
There's nothing else for me to-
Maybe I have to use this again?
I mean what even is this?
That's the problem is like what even is that?
War has changed.
It's no longer about nations, ideologies or ethnicity.
It's an endless series of proxy battles fought by mercenaries and machines.
War and its consumption of life has become a well-oiled machine.
War has changed.
ID tag soldiers carry ID tagged weapons.
Use ID tagged gear.
Nano machines inside their bodies-
Rick how is this helpful for the-
Enhance and regulate their abilities.
Genetic control.
Information control.
Emotion control.
Battlefield control.
Everything is monitored and kept under control.
I can't- there's nothing.
Bran Bran.
Pastor Joe will be coming out of the-
Maybe that's just the end of the game.
Me?
Mom!
Do you want him to pick you up one of those happy meals on his way over?
Yes.
Please.
Just the usual.
Get half Dr. Pepper, half sprite please.
They'll do it if you ask.
Fuck.
This is impossible.
Like I've given this game such a fair shake and it is impossible.
And there's literally no one better at games.
So like-
What was your girlfriend's name again?
Lefty Linda or Righty Rhonda?
Linda's my aunt's name.
And Rhonda is my other aunt's name.
That's crazy to say.
Lock in?
Like lock at what?
Lock who?
What does this button even do?
I think I die if I click it.
I want to do well.
I swear.
I'm trying to win the game.
That's what people don't understand about playing games for a living is you try to play them.
They're already on mom.
It's a miracle I can hear you at all.
If I go this way I'm pretty sure I die but should I try again?
Maybe this time I won't die?
Maybe I just have to shoot that guy fast enough.
I feel like it's the only thing I haven't tried again.
Okay I'll take one too mom.
No don't describe your order.
Mom.
Go pick it up for me mom.
I can save.
I saved.
Cello E7M E7M.
Okay I think I have to give up for now.
Look I saved okay.
I think I have to quit because I think I might be having like a
a manic episode or something.
Like a or like a my mind is right.
What's your mother's name and number?
Under the weight of this game?
Like it's being shattered into a million little pieces but not like the book where it's good I
think that that happened or something.
Okay let's see who's on.
Let's see who's on.
We got raided let's pay forward the raid by raiding another person with our own raid.
We're gonna tactically retreat.
We're gonna return to the battlefield at a different point.
Once we've ascertained the mental security necessary to burn notice ourself but not like the show.
It's actually a burn cycle making it even better than burn notice.
You know we haven't raided in a while?
Ra's more.
Brann Brann the spirit of the gamer is strong.
You can do this tonight is the night.
Everybody Ra's more away.
Brawn you league fans.
Some people say Brann you're not a real gamer this guy is.
That's rude that people say that.
The only reason I'm bringing up is that's rude.
I think I just proved that I'm pretty much as intensive a gamer as it is.
I survived nearly 35 minutes of this game I think by my count.
My official count.
Thank you to Brace Bruce Green for the raid.
Apologies to all of the people who raided for having their brains infiltrated by the burn
by the burn notice.
Wasn't my intention to expose you to this level of spy craft but
you never know what you're gonna get into on twitch.tv actually.
Okay we got it I gotta go.
I like I haven't gone to the bathroom in about six days.
So Wednesday between about eight and four a.m. is my bathroom block.
That's where I strap myself into a block in the corner of the room and just
see what happens bodily to me.
Mom stop praying.
Mom stop praying so loud.
Mom you're praying too loud again.
She thinks she's so religious.
Okay say hi to Reslul for me.
Um enjoy the gaming that he's doing.
I I like I gotta get to my box and I gotta use my bathroom box in my bathroom block.
Bye bye everybody.
Fuck stressful.
It's stressful being the best in the world.
Brandon don't forget to thank your subs and bits.
Shit I didn't do that at all mom.
How'd you even know about that?
Is it too late?
I already raided.
We'll thank you all next time.
With an intense...
This is the other guy I'll do it.
The other guy in this stream will do it.
He'll do it real intensely.
Fine I will do it.
I will do it.
I'm gonna summon a ton of enthusiasm and do it even though I already raided.
But we'll also do it next time.
Um what the heck?
Mom I'm trying to thank the bits and subs.
When you don't with your games tell the pastor to follow the trail of Doritos to my room.
Mom.
No that's not a good way to pray.
Apple's Apple thank you for the 100 bits legitimately.
It's like good thank you so much.
Giggle trash thank you for the five community subs.
The five is like that's a lot of support and it means a lot.
Tamtran thank you so much for the five community subs.
That's a lot of subs and it does actually mean a lot.
I am being serious.
Bundle Sprout thank you so much for the five community subs.
Again I can't say it enough that it's good but it is.
But by the way Brofist thank you for the 300 bits.
It's good as well and I appreciate all the support but I also like it more.
When it's a lot which that is.
Mom what?
Locopuppet thank you so much for the 37 months.
I gotta work the pole.
This is actually not an arcade style stick game.
It is actually a mouse and it's like a mouse game.
Raspberry Girl thank you so much for the five community subs.
Sorry that I didn't thank you until after I rated Razzle.
Jaguar 175 thank you so much for the five community subs.
Again I did fuck up and everyone could already be gone.
That Liddell thank you so much for the community sub.
And the Apple Apple thank you for the Panther and Bundle Sprout.
Thank you for the 100 bits.
And I think that's all of them.
Skymer thank you for the 300 bits.
Mom I'm trying to thank the subs.
I'm gonna do a bit of a lie down.
Pastor Joe certainly earned his gold star today.
Is that like the Jesus thing?
Did he come out of a star or something?
Okay well thank other people again next time.
I have to go.
I'm very busy tonight.
I have to get into my bathroom block and use it.