I'm Papito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Got a microphone.
Hello everybody!
This desk a little bit.
Okay.
Geez.
So many little gadgets are out of place.
All my gadgets are moved.
I remember the tie.
If I take a few days off, it gives me enough time to remember the tie.
Professionalism.
Good to see everybody live and sleazy, tasty zero.
Mr. Whoopee Boo Boo the Mighty Oz Apple DApple.
A Skimer.
Sinister Dev Shaggy.
Full of our Trask.
I should say everybody's names like that.
Doofus Knife.
Did I say microphone 900?
It was fucked up of me.
Ray Silva, good to see you.
A hype train.
Because why not?
In turn, do you know where the hype train is?
Have you seen it anywhere?
Um...
What are you talking about?
In turn I don't know what's going on.
That's pretty standard.
Hype train, do you know where you are?
Have you heard where you are?
I'm here!
I know someone!
I am here!
You know, we have the devil lately on...
one of our segments.
Anybody who didn't see the Friday show?
Oh my god.
I'm not sure if my segment alerts are...
if my new mechanism for how they work is quite working.
Whoa!
Let's see.
Let's see if it's functioning as intended.
Supposedly when you redeem one.
Oh it did work.
Okay, we got two segments loaded up.
Alright.
So many things open right now.
Sorry, what's your problem, hype train?
I didn't have a problem, why are they weird?
Oh, my bad.
No problems at all!
Thank you for all the subs and stuff.
Tennis, play me a...
um...
Tell yourself, tell me now.
Turn down my music.
I never say this, but turn down my music.
Just this once.
Just this once, turn down my music.
Find me a washing machine type beat.
Is this the crazy train that Ozzy was singing about?
I can...
see if I can ask him.
Listen up, Jack.
I'm a jamer just, and I'm a jammed 300 shiny tasty coins.
And I've been dying to say this.
Yes?
Somebody get that train of fish-tire.
Fish fry, I love long-distance.
Where the hell is my fish-tire?
What's that sorry, I cut you off, Mr. President.
Something about meats.
Yeah, where's my fish-tire?
You're pissing me off.
Don't make me summon the bit of hell
that I still carry with me.
You carry some hell out with you every time?
Every time I carry a little bit of hell out with me.
Cause I'm just that good, baby.
Yeah, baby.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, baby.
I'm here to tell you that the hype train's been cancelled for the day.
Scrum, you don't have that kind of authority.
It's making too much noise, too many subs are coming in,
and I don't appreciate it, and you're being too loud.
You can't...
You can't cancel me.
I'm uncancelable.
I'm like a modern comic.
In that we're done with cancellations, man.
That's what a modern comic is?
Well, I'm gonna complain about being cancelled,
but I'm also uncancelable.
That's the title of my new comedy special.
Cancelled? Uncancelable.
Play me a washing machine type beat.
Okay, there are a lot of people for you to think.
So I'll look that up for you.
Is there any reason you want a washing machine type beat?
It's what the streets demand.
I haven't heard a single person demand that hype train.
Except you.
Samsung washing machine Trap Beat?
Why is this a thing?
I should have known, that of course,
that's immediately accessible.
Wow.
It's like bonzai bullfrog with the 33 months because they never front propaganda coming in and you know that they stunt with the 30 months
Yeah that's what's up
Hype train here and I'll pop it right off with Apple Depple still addicted to Snapple
100 bits mighty eyes dropping bits because they are most of the shit
Bundle Sprout if you ever had any doubt 100 bits you know the show went out
Oh, where we go
Stormburn 92 dropping in the flow with the 33 months as well
Hype train popping in for a bit from hell
Skimer coming in with 300 bits
Oh my god this machine too lit and you know that we clean and we all net dreams
Jackie 175 and they keep in this Omean with the 33 months
Yes
Beaker don't you months and that's still the best we got metal K.I. still looking like a boss 29 months
Given this is such a devil but lost mighty eyes with another 100 bits and I pop it up baby and you know that I'm the shit and I'm done
Boop boop boop
We clean and we did it for you
Yeah
That's the husband washing machine type thank you becase
Summoned from the deepest layers of hell
Hey you're welcome everybody
You're welcome they're supposed to be thanking them
Yeah but ultimately I wrapped
Did you do that every time
Yeah but it's crazy that I do that
But yeah didn't you do it enough times and it's not that crazy
It's nuts
I'm literally burning with the fires of rap hell
Literally
Everybody use over uses the word literally on this
You over use the word literally
Also the devil does say the word literally a lot that's true it's one of his things
Anyway the devil's been here lately
Yeah but the devil's not the real problem in hell
Real problems whoever that new middle manager is
I get the sense it's probably crump
I don't know who it is
I don't keep up with every I don't keep up with politics in hell
There's politics in hell
It's 99% politics in hell and I don't keep up with it
I refuse to talk about 99% of my reality
I just don't care about politics I'm more of a 1% guy
What's the other 1%
Shitting bleeding screaming I'm more um into that stuff
Getting all chopped up put back together all the time
They chopped me up all the time put me back together
The rest is politics though
Oh play it again play that beat back
No I'm about to golf
I'm about to go from the south
I'm going from the south
33 months from now I'm out of my life
That was the lie I just needed a little more rap to say that
You barely were even on beat
Don't shut up about shut the fuck up case
Don't even just shut the fuck up
What?
Shut the fuck up case
Damn
I'm in the mood today
Wanna watch some AI slop videos that Liven Sleazy linked to?
That's the first thing you've said that I've been excited for
A hit and nerf
I guess so
Uh Liven Sleazy's been generating some AI slop videos
Let's see what he's got for us
This is always exciting for me
Oh the hype train died
The hype train died off camera
As soon as I cut to this
The hype train ceased to be
Liven Sleazy that is not a commentary on the quality of your AI slop
But let's see how it's looking
Okay
That's AI slop number one
Would you believe that there's a bunch more?
I believe it
Okay that was short
That was a shorter one
What about this one though?
What if I told you there's still more?
Oh shit
Calling it shot
AI gorilla
Everything AI gorilla says is probably canon
Oh no one of me
I guess this is a thing I did
Because it looks too real
Is that a bird?
Is that a plane? No that's just a UFO
Looks like I'm getting beamed up
You know it's fake because I'm wearing pants
That's how you spot a deep fake
You know a lot of people would be freaked out by their image being used for that
But that's actually just a recreation that happened to me
Uh oh
This better not go anywhere weird
Oh no
Kendall also kind of turned into a random white lady
She sort of became like a
The lead singer of Paramore there
I'll get to see it
For all the shit I talk about AI
I have zero issue with it being used this
Oh my god there's another one of me
Okay let me just scrub through and make sure I don't like you know grow a penis or something
Nope
Didn't
Oh god look at this though
Wow
It's weird
When your night terrors come to life on your twitch stream
Most people they don't get to see them
Presented to them
This is crazy
You know maybe we should live generate
I've been curious using VO3
Which I have access to through one of my jobs
How easy it would be to generate
Dangerous propaganda
Let's try this
Epstein jail footage
Before we get into the news
Let's live generate some dangerous propaganda
I just need a still frame of the jail footage
Of that supposedly raw footage
Okay this will work
No I need just a clean frame
I need to get a clean frame
I need to get a clean frame
No I need the I need just a clean frame
Just one clean frame of this already kind of fake ass footage
Alright here we go
You should definitely do more simulator games on stream
The sim streams with Fiona were fun
Yeah it'd be fun to get Fiona in on any streams anyway
Let's we're gonna steal that frame
Whoa
Okay
We take that one frame
I pop open
This AI slop machine
We'll get a fresh page for us here to work off of
Make sure I'm not revealing any of the information of this company I'm working for
Oh you were contract working on Gemini
This is I just have one of the consumer versions of it
For some one of the youtubers I work for
Okay let's see if this works
Alright everyone one second one second here
Oh my gosh I have to go above and beyond
I have to open Photoshop to get this done today
You can do image to VO3 I think yeah
I also still don't know if it's VO or Veo
I just want to see how easy I think the limit of generating believable misinformation here is going to be
People are still really bad at interacting with objects
So that might be kind of a limiting factor here
But we can try nonetheless
Nonetheless folks
Alright
That should work
Close this before it crashes my whole stream
Don't worry I'm doing a lot of really technical things on the other end here like loading images
Okay now I can show you what's up
I'm going to delete the VOD
Don't worry I won't spread this information misinformation outside of
Oh you can see all this exciting stuff I'm doing
I won't spread this misinformation outside of this stream
Okay a man walks up to one of the cells and opens the door
Boom it's pretty quick it's fairly quick
As far as I know this is one of the stronger models that you can access publicly
And we're going to see how immediately we can generate extremely misleading propaganda
Count it down folks
Folks
The future now
This is the sum total of human innovation
Come on
We're just burning down one tree to make this happen
We're sucking the water out of the gills of not but ten fish
To get this one piece of slop made
All for the purposes
Of seeing in one generation how quickly we could foment conspiracies
To be fair I think this footage will probably be about as accurate as the footage that was shared with us
Directly by the Department of Defense
I'm guessing it won't be very good
I'm guessing this won't be very good
Let's see here we go
See if the room wasn't totally empty
That's honestly still kind of worrisomely good enough
If this room wasn't empty if you like just put Epstein in there
His arm is real there's a bunch of things wrong with it
But I think it's honestly and the doorknob just appears
I think if you ran this five or six times and then you posted it to Twitter
If you just had like a right wing influencer post that to Twitter
It would probably pop off
It's pretty good you need them to interact with the actual handle though
I think there'd be people who would believe it to be fair there's people that will believe almost anything
But you know there's a little vision of how
When it was mostly images I was still like
Well this is kind of like Photoshop but faster
And people who are too confused by Photoshop can use this
Now that it can generate like fairly believable video
I do think once if it ever gets to a point where like
Your average person has access to it and it doesn't take like 50 generations to get him to do things like open a door
I think it's pretty bad I think it'll definitely be used for some pretty disturbing things which it already is being
Now you gotta look at it notice the details yeah
It's still you can still tell and having worked with it a bit more for a cut for that client now
I'm pretty intimately aware of at least on the consumer and the limitations of the video generation stuff
It's still really easy to tell in most cases that it's a generated a few
I don't know just do things like look at the hands or the eyes the way people blink is still crazy
People blink with like too many frames like roll out their eyes kind of more
But it's getting a lot better it's getting worrisomely better and it all looks kind of fuzzy
It all still kind of has that like a soft serve vibe to it
But there you have it one other thing to check guys in further stream news let's test this and see if it works
You have 40 seconds to type exclamation point lol or exclamation point boo
I'll just look up I'll Google the word joke real quick
Get your funny on a DE officer stopped at our farm yesterday
I need to inspect your farm for illegal drugs
I said okay but don't go in the field over there
The D officer verbally exploded saying mister I have the authority of the federal government with me reaching into his pocket
The officer pulled out his badge and shoved it in my face this is such a long joke
I've refused to believe it so it's not working shit okay
Let me see if I can get it to work
Because all of that should be having an effect and it's not
This is why I stream guys just to test the various on command polls I want to be able to run
Alright let's see what went wrong
What was the problem?
Oh my god I have too many things running now I can't even check
You know what the problem was the commands didn't do anything
But why are they off?
What's wrong with my commands?
Oh the commands don't exist
Well that could be the problem guys it deleted my commands for you to use
The commands were seemingly not on and also I can't find them even though I made them right before the stream
That's a little worrisome I can't be having my commands disappearing
Okay let's see if I can fix it though
More victory music while I try to troubleshoot this stream and then eventually we'll do the news
It deleted my commands
That's so annoying
Don't worry I'm gonna make these commands right now
For the people
Create the command
It's part of the group
Laugh meter
Okay
Okay that's one command created
Alright
Create my command
Those look fine
Okay let's try this again
I need a quick joke
Give me a quick joke
Oh corny joke so cheesy they're actually funny
No?
Damn it it still isn't working
But why?
Does this work let's see
Okay so it's a problem with it the problem runs deeper than
Damn you see the annoying thing is here
I don't know if I can fix this
Without trying to do it live
Um
Okay
Because it's the thing I'm using uses the amount of viewers I currently have
To calculate like a
Um
To calculate like a thing
Okay
Oh my gosh I have trigger
No amount
There alright that's a problem
More victory music
This is the greatest stream I've ever done
Watch as you don't get to see what I'm doing because it's too deep into my files
To show it
Um
Okay
That seems to be right
Various things seem like they should be working
And yet they clearly aren't
Uh-huh
Because my viewer count is zero
But there's people here
So how does that make sense
Why would it do this to me
I see the issue
The issue is that it says you're all bots
But I know you're but I believe that you're real chat
Add to which viewer count
Yeah left trigger
That's so sad
You know it worked the other day when I tried it
I was trying it the other day during the pre-stream and it did work
Okay
Uh this is crazy y'all
Y'all
Okay
I wonder how I get it to recognize that I have viewers
Maybe there's no way
Add to which viewer count
Hmm
It not registering me as having any viewers ruins my whole plan
I guess I can show you guys
Actually I can show you guys what I'm looking at right now
It's incredibly boring
So this
Is all the shit needed to make this
Boo meter work
It basically
Runs on a timer
When you redeem a laugh
It's supposed to run this math thing
Where it uses the twitch viewer count
To then take like
If the fifth of the viewers all laugh
Then it maxes out the meters the idea
It's a nightmare
It took way too many things to make it happen
What I ran it as a test the other day
It did work
It like um
It used the viewer count correctly
But now it's zero
I have no idea why let's just run it one more time
AI could help here
You'd think
Anyway this program is why I'm losing my mind
Okay yep still not working
Still not working at all
I guess we could
Add to which viewer count
I guess it's just broken
We'll try a work around
And maybe some other time I can figure out
Why the viewer count thing doesn't work
There's about
80 people ish
I can just manually set it
We got nothing again
It's taunting me
Okay
I'm gonna manually set it this time
Hopefully in the future I don't have to
Okay so that's that one
That's so weird
I'm weirded out by this
And turn that off
Let's try it one more time
Let's just see if it works at all
Hopefully the basic
Okay now it's at least
Somewhat working
Yeah okay
At least if I get the viewer count thing to work
So you're basically competing with booze and laughs
To see how crazy it can get
Yeah it goes up and down
So it works
If the viewer count thing doesn't work
You got it all the way back down to nothing
Congratulations guys
You see her
We're in the boo territory
Hope it's back to nothing
It was an even split
Okay wait
Let's try it more earnestly now
I'll read a joke guys
I didn't write this
I can't take credit for this
I googled fast jokes
What's a short
Clean joke that gets a laugh every time
I'm not gonna
Clean joke that gets a laugh every time
Okay here we go guys
Direct to camera
Ahem
Ahem
Ahem
Damn it
Alright not directed camera
There was a king once
Who was 12 inches tall
Terrible king
Great ruler
Now we just have to wait 30 seconds 40 seconds
To figure out if it's funny
It's too split
It's gonna be nothing again
I could also set it up
So that the boo's and laughs
Just happen at the exact same time
So that it could technically both max out
On boo's and laughs
Boo
There's so many boo's why isn't it moving
Now there's too many lol's
There's too many lol's and boo's
Okay
It was bad
Okay that one's bad
We'll try one more
How the surely one of these
Will go one way or the other
My grandpa always said
When one door closes another one opens
Smart man
But a horrible cabinet maker
Alright
Oh oh
Yeah there we go
Ooh it's loud
Oh shit
Oh shit the people aren't a fan of it
Oh god it's bad
In principle
Outside of the one part of it working at work
I'm sorry everyone
I thought it might be a good joke
It was reddit guaranteed
To be good
Um okay
Well hey that springs us one step closer to
Papito's talk show
Cause now we can do monologue jokes
And still get a reaction from the audience
Despite technically not having an audience
I finished the job Trump started
Well hey speaking of which
Also Bruiser St. George I don't know
If we thank you for the sub
Cause I was so busy staring at that spreadsheet
Which I've been staring at all day
Well we have it just not live in studio
Well
Now you guys are live in studio
With Papito is actually
Is actually how I would put it
Papito aren't you excited that I spent all that time
Making that for you
Don't you like it
Nope
No I don't care
I don't care
I
Read my lips I don't have lips
I don't care
Never cared
I don't even care about having a show
That hurts okay then I'll stop making it
Nope you're required
But I will never care
Papito you gotta stop huffing Halloween
Helium between segments
Huffing Halloween I'd rather huff
I'd rather huff some Halloween
You can't huff Halloween
I'll huff all the Halloween
Put it in the bag give me the gas
Pope Papito late night show
Yeah never forget that I'm also the pope of this stream
And I need my tithings
Put the money in the ball baby
Big jay got Jesus Christ needs it
Jesus Christ Papito
You're claiming to be Jesus
I don't know I don't get how a religious works
Am I the son of God
Oh you're so you're a son
I don't know what my gender or part are
All I know is I'm the religious leader of this network
Amen
That was our prayer
That was your prayer for the day
Amen
Jesus Christ
Yeah that's me
Alright you know what I've burned 30 minutes 40 minutes of everyone's time
With a wrapping train and tech support
Let's do some news I'm sure that'll be fun
It's still here
I'm not gonna do this
Ahhhh
Jeez
Good to see everybody
Another wonderful day to be an American
And I'm here to talk all about just how great it is
It's Rick
You certainly are
Apparently Rick
Damn it Rick
That's my catchphrase now
No that's just chat saying oh fuck rick's here
That means case is probably gonna try to talk about
A piece of news that's outside the depth of this show
Well at least you know it
I'm saying you're gonna talk about it
Oh I am
What are you gonna make me talk about
I don't know Rick it's on you
You want me to talk about the Gaza starvation story?
It's not a story it's what it is
But it's really happening
There's a limit to things I can spin
So I plead the fifth
You can't do that
I forgot
That
I have
Tongue surgery today
So I can't talk
And I gotta rest my tongue up
I'm already talking too much
So I can't talk about this
But officially
I agree with whatever
Other people have said
Which other people?
You're not being helpful today Rick
I know
Where did scrum go? I can't have scrum talk about this
Are we going to be talking about Don's insufficient penis?
What I mean Venus
Is there a penis story about Trump?
Probably
Trump has more pictures with Epstein than I do with my family
Well that could be either be a celebration of you having a reasonable amount of pictures with your family
Or
I'm sorry that you have no pictures with your family
But yeah there's a lot
Whoa
Are those the lottery numbers?
Levin sleazy might have just given us the code to unlocking some kind of secret there
Chest up wherever you watch it
Surprisingly enough the devil isn't on the list
Wow that's good for him
I don't even know if the list is still active
We're talking about Epstein list
We're not talking about Jericho's list
Come on the devil has at least been on that plane at least once
I think the devil might be a little too smooth to have gotten involved in that whole situation
Only Kendall can cancel the hype train
Oh yeah she's out of town
143729 what was the last one?
I didn't
They disappear after I send them away
So I don't know
I don't know
Donnie and Jeff sitting in a tree something something
We'll talk about the more fun
The more fun pedophile news later
Why didn't you let me talk about the fun pedophile stuff case?
You know the massive pedophile cover up that's fun to talk about
People do seem to be having more fun with the pedophile story than with the um
You know mass star enforced starvation story
Because the second one is
Literally happening as I speak
I guess technically the pedophile one is too though
Anyway um
Fine Rick I'll talk I'll read it
I'll read the extremely depressing stories
If you refuse
Over 1000 gay aid
I combined Gaza and aid and that's unfortunate that I did that
Over 1000 Gaza aid seekers killed by Israeli forces since May
Palestinians hold on
More than 1000 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli forces since May
While trying to get food in the Gaza Strip
Mostly near aid sites run by American contractors
The UN Human Rights Office said Tuesday
And not unrelated
Gaza is facing made a man made mass starvation
Says the World Health Organization
World Health Organization's Tedros
I'm unfamiliar with Tedros
But hey that's crazy I guess that just started
Yeah the thing that bothers me
About the coverage of this
Is I feel like it's been getting more attention this week
I mean not that I'm mad that it's getting attention but
The starvation has been
Ongoing for months
And I feel like the coverage of it is just spinning up
I'm not that it's I mean it wouldn't be too late it's never too late to send them aid but
The depressing thing about all of this
And not to just
Depress all of us
Pointlessly is
I don't know how it could I just don't know how
Any movement on this happens like
And the news I see out of this story is
Yeah exclamation point but the news I see out of this story is
As horrific as I think news basically can be
Like it's literally starving pictures of starving children
It's people being it's like women and children being
Machine gunned in food lines
And there's just been no movement on it
In fact the movement on it has been extremely negative
Like things like AOC voting in favor of more defensive
Spending for Israel
So anyway there's nothing like fun I can say about this obviously
And I don't have any special insight into it
It's just sort of troubling that
90% of the news cycle
And not that the stories are relevant people can't hold two thoughts in their head at the same time
But 90% of the news cycle lately has been Epstein
And there is like a full on enforced starvation campaign
Backed by the US happening every day
In addition to mass slaughters of people waiting in line for food
Perpetrated by US like black ops and defense contractors
It's one of the most insane things to witness
Like via like modern news coverage
I can remember and not that we haven't done terrible things as a country before
But I just don't I mean I wish that there was some clear action we could all take
To try to like create any positive motion on this but
I don't know I don't know
It's it is at least good to be aware of it which I'm sure many of you already are
Yeah live in Sleaze I mean you know
It's it's really in the United States doing this
It's not like the Jewish people doing this
So that doesn't even really enter the equation for me
It's just like it's fucking horrible
I hope all the people didn't vote in November wake up every day and think about this
I mean I I don't want to claim that it would be
Exactly the same if Harris was in power
It could be I hope it would be better I literally don't know but
This is bipartisan like the one of the most
One of the farthest left at least prominent national candidates again literally voted against
It's albeit kind of a
A slightly like ceremonial amendment that would have blocked more defensive funding for Israel and AOC voted against it
And then made a Twitter post defending it by saying like well we need to defend the people of Israel basically
You got like Bernie Sanders out there cautioning Zorn Mamdani to like control his language and how he criticizes Israel
And those are like the farthest left Democrats
So as you move closer to the center like the support for this becomes more and more uniparty and it's
Like the most horrific thing that our country is currently doing and I think kind of again like sort of the
Just that like the dark center of just human folly essentially is what's happening over there and there's other terrible things happening all over the planet obviously but
Our country is just so directly involved in this and everyone is against it like even conservatives are wildly against this in most cases and it's just happening anyway
So it sucks it sucks and I'm sure it's on plenty of people's minds including mine
And just saying it sucks and then having to like shrug and go about our days is
Doesn't obviously it's not enough and I wish that there was more I knew what to do or I knew what to tell people to do
Cindy McCain is the one raising HTE alarms on this for the past two years I know it's funny also that like
Yeah again like conservative there's plenty of conservatives that are really against this
Sinister death says the most positive thing I've seen come out of Israel recently is young people gather going according burning their military draft papers many of them want nothing to do with the idea
And they are speaking out about the atrocities their country is committing a little bit of hope yeah it would be nice I've that's
Somewhat edifying to hear that maybe it's losing support in in Israel on humanitarian grounds I know that there's been a lot of pushback against
The but against the invasion of Gaza on grounds of releasing the hostages which obviously I'd be in favor of of everyone being free and not getting murdered
But it there has been a little bit of a current at least of it seeming like the broad majority of Israeli society seems to support what's going on there. I don't I'm not there and I don't know well enough.
And also whether or not the society their society is supporting this it it needs to stop either way so even though it's not inconsequential it's like the main the main my main point of outrage is that
The United States could stop it we could stop funding the genocide that we are doing along with Israel and we're not so we can't really put pressure on Israeli legislators and unfortunately it feels like we can't put pressure on our own legislators.
So I don't know what it'll take for politicians in the United States to feel pressure to end this I think Zoran success in New York is like a little bit of a signal flare being like hey if you message against this it's extremely popular.
I also know a lot of people probably still unfortunately don't give a shit like Americans traditionally don't care at all about foreign policy which I guess this just falls into that bucket even though it's not like a foreign policy.
A traditional foreign policy issue in my in my head even though I know it is foreign policy it's like it is a atrocity issue it's like it transcends foreign policy to the point of just being like everyone needs to be against this atrocity and.
And it just would be it'd be so nice if it felt like there was any legislative movement that reflected that because until we can cut off the money and arms bigot it's just gonna keep going it seems and it's it's entering like.
It's beyond the point of no return obviously the amount of human suffering we've created is.
Unforgivable but.
Anything we could do to stop it would obviously still be good and it's still stoppable it's just not stopping so.
Foreign more like boring am I right.
Cycloar you got him.
Cycloar didn't I didn't say it's like we're sorry.
I think Israel to have to screw people over for them to want to stop it I mean you could argue that they definitely are.
Even if you didn't somehow for some reason don't care about like the human casualty rate and the toll of suffering.
They're taking a bunch of money from the United States that's just going to a foreign government if you're like.
Or conservatively minded and against like us aid and stuff like that you should be extremely against Israel you could it could certainly make the conservative argument that like foreign spending is screwing the American taxpayer.
At the very least our fucking.
The tax money that you are doling out to the government a non insignificant portion of it is being used to perpetrate this shit so.
I would argue that that that is screwing us it would have to be put out in a way that people would actually listen to I do think.
I don't really trust polling on this but I really do think there is bipartisan support from American citizens.
I'm just being like for whatever reason whether it's just outrage at the humanitarian cost or.
I don't know they just don't want money going to a foreign government or they just think it's a bad look whatever the reason it feels like the vast majority of Americans.
Are just very directly against this they are against supporting Israel with military funds and weaponry at this point.
And I'm sure you can make all sorts of concessions to limit our military support to defensive spending and attempt to handle it that way but.
Anyway it is definitely bad all around propaganda.
It's like us here we are rounding up and deporting innocent people and we have little power against it they're not doing shit why should they care abroad.
Yeah yeah I mean the pushback against ice in some ways feels a little more hopeful to me than the pushback against Israel.
It's just like that one the obviously they're going forward with all sorts of horrific shit with mass deportations here in the United States.
But it does feel like people are taking meaningful action and that there's even some kind of legislative motion that's like restraining the Trump administration in some cases obviously not all cases and on the whole they just received like.
Five hundred billion dollars or whatever in funding so certainly that's moving in the wrong direction as well but I the.
The protests against that feel like they are having minor but somewhat having some results whereas the continuing and ongoing outrage against this situation.
It just feels like it's doing nothing and the situation is only getting worse.
So a lot of evangelical Christian churches have been finding funding the way finding the building in Israel.
Oh the story about the church getting bombed in a Gaza's that we're talking about live in Sleazy.
There's been some outrage in like Christian circles over the bombing and slaughter of Christian citizens in Palestine which are obviously a thing as well but honestly not as much outrage as you'd like to see.
Anyway there's really no way out of talking about this.
There's no way to get out of talking about this that would leave us on any kind of like hopeful or positive note.
I'm just hoping if all of us continue to be disgusted by this maybe eventually that's enough of like a kindling to create some spark that there has to be some kind of motion from the government.
That I don't know at least some kind of movement on stopping this.
And I know Trump is every day is babbling about ceasefires and shit but we saw what happened with the last one so I really don't think there's any end to this that I think it either ends with they see through this they see this genocide all the way through which is obviously incredibly horrific or the United States cuts funding like I just don't think that's going to be a good thing.
I think we could like negotiate on behalf of Israel some kind of ceasefire that they will respect.
And frankly based on things Trump has said his ultimate goal is to just put like a bunch of casinos on the shoreline in Gaza so I don't really I don't see his administration putting a bunch of effort into stopping this but yeah Trump isn't going to stop shit exactly.
I would yeah.
I mean I wish that that was possible.
I wish we could somehow switch who were arming which is not me wanting to see like Israel leveled or something it would just be any kind of deterrence we could create in the situation would be incredible but obviously that's not going to happen.
I mean that would just be such an insane 180 and this is so far outside of the realm of possibility currently unfortunately I mean in a just world we would be taking military action to intervene.
On behalf of Gaza.
We're not doing that.
Once you've got seen as in a hundred year nobody will remember.
People will remember this.
This is going to be.
This will be remembered.
I mean a lot of good it does the people that have died but you know outside of some kind of apocalypse where we lose all of our history.
This is going to be a black eye on the world for a long time and much like previous genocides have been.
Yes I mean I don't know people people are already extremely aware of this don't let the don't let the general sense of apathy fool you into thinking that like your ever even your average.
Just like I watch dancing with I watch the mass singer American at this point is aware of this it's it's I think it's a permeable story that has penetrated.
The vast majority of Americans minds and I do think the majority of people are against it.
His last casino did great it got demolished.
Yeah you know if he gets his way and he gets to build a bunch of casinos in Gaza like the total fucking psychopath that he is we can only dream that someday all of them sink into the sea.
Yeah I don't if anybody has any resources that they recommend or any place to funnel.
Their outrage and support.
I wish I had recommendations of things to do that felt actionable.
And I don't and the fact I don't it is a black eye on myself so climate change will ensure said thinking hey at least there's a little bit of justice.
As the water levels rise.
The same meetings yeah sure I mean I'm fully in support of getting more politically engaged join the DSA do whatever you can.
I make you know minor moves on my end to try to do things as well.
I guess I just I didn't feel so helpless and I'm sure plenty of people feel that way but it doesn't make it's not going to make any of us feel any better.
That being said I guess let's talk about pedophiles.
Finally I got my tongue surgery off camera.
I just had a check of the doctor came in and said that it's clear to talk the cancel the surgery but I saw I can talk about pedophiles.
Finally something fucking fun to talk about.
Why is this fun again because it's mystery it's a pedophile mystery.
Americans love that.
Cream are you Chinese.
China's not doing anything either.
I mean I don't know what they could do but you know even though I'm a huge fan of China.
They're not making big moves here out here either.
I don't think China unfortunately could stop stop if even if they wanted to outside of like a world war which would just be worse.
So China is China tends to be very China focused.
China's all about China.
Thank you so long for the so much for the 33 months which has been so long indeed so fucking long.
I got rave I've China's got rave reviews five stars from case Blackwell a five star country and I won't even tell you what my rating is for the United States because Rick might rendition me.
That's true if it's below a two that you're no longer a citizen.
That's that official policy that's unofficial official policy now.
So just don't rate us case if you're going to be negative.
If that's what you say Rick Rick the cuddling is master needs a tongue surgery.
First of all that's a nickname I had in college.
No it's not.
No it's not Rick.
You don't you can't prove that and I don't go by that anymore is what I was going to say Bill Cosby was the bartender at most of
Trump's at Trump's and Epstein's parties.
Is that a joke?
Is that real I can't tell anymore.
Rick you're supposed to know these things.
Those files are hard to get into and I have not read them as much as I'd like.
Why doesn't Rick starve the pedophiles?
Oh would people be in favor of them starving.
People would absolutely be in favor of pedophiles starving.
I don't think we should starve anyone even people we hate.
But oh yeah so moral.
I do think that's basic morality.
Meanwhile, Bib wants to tell you his favorite food is Burger King.
Oh bebe.
Oh God.
Yeah not to stay trapped on this story.
But he did get Netanyahu did go on the Nelk Boys.
Let's see if we can find it find a clip.
This is truly I mean that this is this happened earlier this week or over the weekend or something and
people have been shitting on the Nelk Boys as they should.
It is a really bizarre it's kind of like after the election on at the Trump victory speech when like the Nelk Boys got thanked.
It is a troubling time we exist in for so many reasons but it is never a good sign when the Nelk Boys are interviewing like the modern
a purveyor of genocide and giving him like a totally soft interview.
Okay here's a clip.
This one is I think one of the rare instances where they brought up.
I mean I guess they were probably talking about like semi important issues the entire time outside of McDonald's.
I guess this would be the closest they came to pressing him on anything.
Why do they say Israel's like starving the people of Gaza?
Well because we're trying to get the food in and we let food trucks in and guess what happens when we let them in.
Hamas steals the food takes the good chunk for itself then they jack up the prices and then they sell the food to its population to its hungry population if they give them at all and then use the money that they take from their own people and here's where they put back on this into their terror machine.
Why do they say.
Oh nope.
Turns out there was no pushback to be had that was the end of the clip.
And you could say that they're they're getting clip chimped there I guess except that's from their own account.
That's the clip they posted on the official Nelk Boys account is just them.
Hey here's just propaganda for you everybody.
I know we received a lot of criticism for this interview but let's leave up the propaganda post.
What are they supposed to do not talk to relevant national figures.
Also why is why are they so low in the frame.
And yes that is they are not supposed to talk to proper to prominent national figures they're a fucking.
They're fucking prank channel they're like dude perfect minus the talent that's how they got famous they're like hot sauce chuggers.
They got famous for like slapping their friends in the nuts while they tried to sleep their jackass but worse and somehow they're interviewing.
Fucking modern day Hitler insane.
Asander thank you so much for the 32 months I would just like to point out this framing to me looks insane he looks so tiny.
Why is this flag so huge.
Why does he look like such a little boy.
He's at least got to be in his late 20s or early 30s at this point right.
I don't know how old the Nelk Boys are.
They could be 18 or 45 for all I know.
Go easy on them case they're uneducated on these topics what do you expect them to do read.
Yeah I shouldn't I can't call for that kind of thing.
I think it's your right when and apparently at the opening of the podcast or like look man we're not qualified to do this.
This is crazy that we're doing this.
And as we all know as long as you say something you're doing is is done before you do it then you can't really be held responsible for anything you do after that.
I think that's actually the same defense Trump's going to end up using.
He's like well you know it's dumb of me to hang out with Epstein but I do.
Reading is painful nobody likes to do it that's why case makes all of us do it.
That's true I do make you guys read for me I barely can read myself.
We all know that we know that case can't read and that's why we have to do it all of your more important hosts co-hosts we go by more important hosts.
Well what do you want to talk about what do you want to tell me about the pedophiles.
Let's see what's our latest Epstein pedophile news.
Stonetown thank you so much for the 31 months as we smooth as we cleanly skate into the fun news of the day which is about how the United States government didn't cover up a pedophile ring.
Oh you didn't do that.
Was that something like the kind of thing we do.
Yes.
Oh we do need a new goal we've we've really crushed this yodeling goal.
What goal was even is there.
You know what I can't think of one right now.
I also have so many goals I need to pay off.
I got well mostly I need to work out and sling some hot dogs into my mouth.
Maybe I should do that tomorrow.
I might do an extra stream this week because I didn't stream Monday.
I'll do maybe tomorrow we finally do this workout stream.
I have a laptop now that is capable of streaming so.
Been concert.
I don't know what that is.
But I'm I'm potentially down 24 hour payoff stream.
Oh yeah let's do 24 hours again.
Those are the worst every time I do them I'm like I got to never do this again.
And then I get tricked into doing them because I forget how bad it is.
You can also rest one day.
That's true.
Unfortunately the days I don't stream is just because I'm working.
I wish I was just fucking off that'd be more fun.
Okay what was the big thing Trump wedding photos or something.
There's wedding photos.
Everybody gets to see all these lovely wedding photos.
God every news site just demands subscriptions and ad blocks now.
What's going on here Rick.
Big stuff new photos and videos highlight close ties between Epstein and Trump.
Before this nobody knew if they were close.
12 hour stream is better than a 24 hour stream.
Oh did we already do the goal this might be another thing I have to do an 8 hour
crumb stream.
He's dead so I might figure something I mean he's sick so I might figure
something else out.
Unless he comes back somehow.
China will be China.
I say that that sounds like the kind of thing I'd say.
We could do a hell stream.
We don't need a crumb stream.
8 hours of crumb would be a lot.
He didn't die he's fine you'll see him later probably.
Trump had a calendar girl party where the only guest was Epstein yet.
So there was a Wall Street Journal report that came out.
I think over last weekend.
That in my opinion.
The only revelation which we talked about really was the.
The note that he gave out which we talked about last week.
Then the New York Times also wrote up a story which in my opinion was covering.
Mostly news that was already more or less public knowledge if you've been.
Following the less us less savory sides of the Internet Internet if you've been
following any more.
I guess we call independent journalism outside of the major papers.
A lot of the stuff the New York Times reported had kind of already been
covered.
By a lot of people but.
It was kind of.
It's all the stuff that has sort of been talked about on like podcasts and like.
Substax is finally kind of moving into the more traditional.
Media sphere and getting covered which is interesting to see.
But really a lot of it is just like he hung out all the time with Epstein in the 90s.
Supposedly they had a falling out over a real estate deal that Trump will
certainly claim they had a falling out because he's a creep.
But they seem to have a falling out over a real estate deal.
How much of a following a falling out though seems to be a little bit up for grabs.
And I think some of that is coming to light because there's photos I guess.
From Trump's second wedding of Epstein being there.
Which I think maybe doesn't entirely line up with other timelines that
Trump has tried to establish of when he stopped talking to this guy.
I'm not even sure that's the case.
Let's let's get into it.
Newly uncovered photos and video footage published by CNN show more links
between the notorious pedophile Jeffrey Epstein and Donald Trump.
Including Epstein's attendance at a wedding in Mar-a-Lago in 1993.
The media organization said on Wednesday that Epstein's attendance at the wedding ceremony was unknown.
So 93.
So that wouldn't have been outside of when Trump claims they were definitely for sure best pals.
CNN also published footage from 1999 of Trump and Epstein attending a Victoria's Secret fashion event
in New York where they are seen talking and laughing alongside his future wife Melania.
The outlet noted that the newly published material predates any of Epstein's
illegal troubles.
Another image of the wedding shows Epstein in the background of a group photo of Howard Stern,
Allison Stern, Robin Leach, and Cecilia Nord.
Lifestyles of the rich and someday famous.
Eventually famous.
If this was later he'd be right at the front of the photo because now he's a big celebrity even though he's dead.
CNN also published photos of Trump and Epstein in a 1993 opening of the Harley-Davidson Cafe in New York.
So really this is all just, it's photo album stuff.
It's not at all menacing photo here.
Don't read into any kind of powerful visual metaphors that might be established by this single image here.
This was before he knew that he was a pedophile for sure.
That's really, there's not, come on, there's not that much.
Photos.
We talking about photos?
You're on the Trump line here?
It's not that big of a story.
Texas Gacay send Obama, Russia gate.
We're gonna forget about Russia gate.
This is the set.
This is how you know Trump.
And after this we're gonna move on to not the news.
This is how you know Trump has lost several steps.
He is on his Russia gate shit now.
That is classic liberal failure shit.
That is loser shit.
And now Trump has no choice but to resort to Russia gate.
No one cared about that try as they might.
The last four years Donald Trump was president.
They were pushing that button again and again and again on the Democrat side.
And they could not drum up any fucking interest from the general public in Russia gate.
Because at the end of the day people are like, yeah everybody influences their politics.
Who gives a shit?
Apparently they have I guess reports.
They have some kind of document showing that Obama essentially requested a second investigation into the Russia gate stuff.
Seemingly putting his thumb on the scale I guess like hey I want stronger conclusions here that point to other things.
Is at least the claim from the administration on these documents that they've released.
I don't know. I guess it's possible Obama would have done some kind of political machination as he was leaving office to try to influence the election one way or another.
Even as I say it I can like feel the energy getting sucked from my bones because I just I in another time maybe people would give a shit about this but coming from the guy who like just openly lies about the election constantly.
No one's going to give a shit about Obama possibly ordering an investigation that maybe could influence the election.
There are reports after this one that said otherwise.
Wait reports after this one that said what bonds I pull from is there more information here.
There's definitely more information than what we're talking about.
Once we get cane sugar in our coke everything will be OK.
Think of how much energy you'll have once you have natural cane sugar with only a couple extra calories.
Trump is irrevocably ruined the fidelity of the presidency for years maybe generations.
People yeah people don't trust the elections at all anymore on both sides.
It's I don't know what it's going to lead to.
I actually more or less trust the results of election still I think Trump won by one and Trump won again.
And I think absolutely foreign actors try to influence American politics.
They'd be crazy not to.
But that's just so far for the course that's been happening well before our modern incredibly cooked political era.
That I just don't think any of that feels like a revelation to anyone.
Everyone is so on board with the idea that government is an elections are at least the way that they're funded and the way that they're covered is incredibly corrupt.
But like no one just the idea of Russia gate being a surprise to people outside of Latimer Putin being like.
Hey I've got photos of you sucking tons of fucking toes and we are sucking the piss out of dicks and I'll show it if you don't.
This is how Putin sounds.
I'm going to show it if you don't vote.
What would he even do if you if you don't throw the election or something going to show the piss sucking photos outside of that.
I don't think I don't think people would be that surprised.
They would need some kind of salacious detail to get invested in this.
So unless there's photos of Obama's sucking the fucking piss of dicks people are not going to give a shit out of this about this.
Yeah that's that's how Putin sounds.
I've never really listened to his speeches.
Putin pisses a weird twitch user name.
What are you saying by the way is it true.
What which part that didn't happen Rick stop.
There's no photos of any politician sucking the piss out of Putin's dick.
I was using that as a crazy example good because it's not real.
Nobody in the government's done that.
My tongue hurts again.
Rick why did you make that so suspicious.
I didn't.
I'm just chilling.
Not thinking of anything.
Okay.
All right.
I don't even need to know.
I don't care what you've done Rick.
Me.
No not me.
You're being gross.
You're supposed to be having fun and talking about pedophiles.
You're making it weird.
You're making it weird.
What did I do.
You're making it seem like you suck the piss out of Putin's dick.
That's the exact opposite of what I did.
What you blew it back in.
How would that even work.
No I suck.
I would have to suck it up.
You're doing Rick.
Nothing you're being weird.
All right.
You know what I'm done.
I'm done with the news for the day.
Because you're being weird.
You're being weird.
Well now we're at an impasse.
Because we're both accusing each other of being weird.
And that's politics.
See what I did there.
You see what I did there.
That's how politics is guys.
That was a one act play for me and Kay.
No it wasn't.
You're being weird about piss sucking.
No it was all.
That was all powerful.
A powerful one act play.
You know what Rick.
Let's see if chat thought it was powerful or not.
Was it was it lol or boo.
No don't do this to me.
It was lol.
It was lol.
The chat will be the one to decide.
You don't understand.
No no stop it.
Oh that's so loud.
Don't boo me.
I suck piss out of Putin's dick for America.
Whoa.
Don't admit that.
I mean I didn't do that for America.
You.
Oh.
Good thing I still believe in this country.
What the hell is back.
Not sure what happened there exactly.
Made a quick reappearance.
Okay we're gonna call us to get you off the stage.
Dang it.
Well just know.
I'm doing a character.
This is I'm like Alex Jones.
Everything I do is a character.
And this can't be I can't be held criminally liable in family court for any of this.
Alright.
Alright Rick fine.
And uh.
Stay safe out there.
It's a crazy world.
And don't worry about anything.
Everybody let's turn the national temperature down.
Stop booing me.
And start loling.
Which means cheering for America.
We'll see you soon.
Bye bye.
What the heck.
My beanie's off.
Don't you know that I need that?
This is my movie helmet.
What's up everybody.
It's your boy Trent.
And I'm here to watch trailers.
Don't worry about the state of the world.
Everybody chill.
Actually hear what it is.
It's fucking sick.
Cause what we do is we watch full films.
And we watch trailers.
That's my fucking parole officer.
Try and act like trailers ain't movies.
Cause he's a narc.
In a sense I am a narc.
I'll admit that.
Cause he's an arm of parole officer.
To me I don't really find that term to be an insult.
That's cause you're a narc.
Yeah.
Yeah full two minute films.
Alright.
Let's see what we got.
I'm excited.
We haven't checked out trailers in a minute.
So there's probably at least like three good ones.
And that's the limit of amount of movie you can watch in a day.
Three trailers.
Zigg Field Follies.
Did we watch this trailer already?
Did we not?
I think we watched that one.
Otherwise I would watch it again.
Cause it was sick.
Good fortunes with Keanu Reeves.
Oh that's the one where he's an angel.
We kind of seen that one.
Nezah 2.
This is an A24 Pixar movie.
In how it looks.
It's a movie from A24 that I thought was a Pixar movie.
So let's see what that is.
It's a top movie in China.
Immortal.
A demon.
You are my son.
It's in English.
Time to-
Exactly your average kid.
You should be praying.
Oh no.
What the?
What the?
Is it about different types of hair fighting?
Wait before you leave will you give your mama one last big hug?
Oh come on.
Come on.
Watch it.
Oh shit.
I guess it's Nezah 2.
Meaning that there was a Nezah 1.
That we haven't even seen.
Shit.
Are we not even number one at movie anymore?
Is China better at movie now?
They could be.
I wouldn't put it past them.
They make everything else a little bit better than us now.
So I guess they're allowed to also make children's movie better.
I'm not convinced it's better yet because I was confused what the villain was.
The villain looked like big angry hair.
You don't like the idea of evil hair?
No I do.
Shit.
An evil swirling mass of hair?
That sounds fucking crazy and I do want to see it.
I guess they win.
Uh-uh.
Because we still made fantastical fours.
And where to find them?
Uh-uh.
I don't- well yeah we made fantastical four kind of.
Probably a lot of that.
I wouldn't be surprised if China was the best at that as well.
Three stars.
Now they're making totally middle of the road shit.
They got three stars.
That's what we're supposed to fucking do.
It's a really great movie actually.
There's a lot they're not showing you in the trailer because it would be big spoilers.
Well I don't know what it is at all.
Does it have the same plot as the movie The Wall?
My only touch point for Chinese cinema?
That can't be the only Chinese movie you've seen.
The Wall?
I don't even know if that counts as a Chinese movie.
Yeah it does.
Matt Damon.
He's like I'm in Chinese now.
And I'm the star of China.
That is sort of what happens in that movie to be fair.
The Wall.
It also has Pedro Pascal in it.
Before he was in everything.
The movie that made Pedro Pascal famous.
The Wall starring Matt Damon.
And the Great Wall of China.
The two stars of that film were indeed Matt Damon and the Great Wall of China.
There's a Chinese live action Dragon Ball movie?
Shit it's probably better than the one we make.
To be fair that's not an achievement if it's better than the American one.
Sure it is.
Why are you so against American Dragon Ball?
Well it's not an American IP.
It's not?
It's one of the most famous animaise ever.
What are you thinking anime is?
American.
Ideological.
Massive.
I already got the acronym wrong.
I forgot about Anne.
What is wrong with you?
Nothing dude I'm just trailer brained.
I'm so focused on trailers I can't form words right now.
Or spell out acronyms for the word anime.
Predator Badlands official trailer.
We have already seen one of the trailers for this as well.
Should I, chat's pointing out that there's more than one trailer for things.
I don't believe that.
But we've watched more than one trailer for things in the past.
For me it was the same trailer.
I'd already seen the movie while watching the previous trailer.
But fine I'll watch the Predator Badlands trailer.
No!
Oh never mind she's fine.
So this is your first hunt and you've come to the most dangerous planet in the universe.
Is this the most dangerous?
MDP most dangerous planet.
Jeez.
How many things does he have to kill?
You're after a creature that can't be killed.
The definitive apex predator.
I could help you.
She is Robo.
Well, good luck with your journey.
She's a robot pack kid.
Here you're not the predator.
That's crazy because the way that predator looks is the way I look in all my dreams.
Every single dream you have you look like the male predator from whatever that is.
Yeah it's crazy because I was dreaming that since I was a child I've seen myself.
In my dreams that's exactly how that predator looks.
Masculine.
Slightly bug like.
Sexy.
But mostly really masculine.
Yep.
Okay.
I think it looks pretty good.
I like that he's got half a robot with him.
That's sort of cool.
That's the main take.
The main take away from you is you got half a robot with him.
That's kind of nuts that you can live as half a.
You think humans can live as half a body?
Like in the film, Wild Wild West.
I mean loveless?
Yeah.
Is that possible?
Probably not young blood.
It's a lot of pretty functional parts in the lower half.
I mean there might be examples of it but it would be a pretty rough way to have to live.
But I mean maybe it's possible.
Sick.
In my other dreams.
In my nightmares I'm half of me.
And I want to make sure that I could survive under those circumstances.
Okay.
4.88.
That's a big score for us.
Don't worry sinister dev, all you menace was uh...
Trans saying things.
Yeah but I'm saying some good stuff.
You're saying things that's for sure.
Okay.
And you miss a predator.
I'm probably sorry about that.
Okay we saw Mortal Kombat.
Or did we watch Mortal Kombat?
Just did you only watch Mortal Kombat on the Patreon?
Well, Case would have watched it.
So I don't know.
Okay that's difficult for me to parse in that case.
Um...
Hellra- Another Hellraiser.
Oh this is an announcement trailer.
Meaning maybe it's not got film footage.
We'll find out one way or the other.
Hellraiser.
More of it now!
Predator Island starting the GOP.
I would watch that.
Oh this is a game.
Or it's like Final Fantasy the spirits within.
A Desirous Gapin' Heart.
Candle Boob.
When you pick up the wrong toy from the adult story, what happens?
For us.
For excruciating pleasure.
The very thing we offer.
Is Halban.
Follow her.
For we have such sights to-
Oopsie!
Skin became optional.
My god.
Could that be like the game Succubus?
What somehow even better?
I think that it could be better than the game Succubus.
You haven't even played it dude.
How do you know?
I've just never heard of the game Succubus so...
How good could it be?
You don't even understand dude.
You ever went like...
What if a dead baby joke was a game?
But also a porn.
That sounds...
Horrible.
You don't get it.
Yeah I don't.
Anyway.
If that game is even better than Succubus, it could be one of the greatest hellgames of all time.
VR?
That would be a spooky VR game.
It would be all up in the guts.
Right up to your face.
Now you're getting it.
Look I'm-
You know I'm still capable of enjoying some...
Ultra Gorg nonsense.
Serious question.
Why don't you just wear an ankle monitor?
That's a good point.
Can I just watch this from home while wearing an ankle monitor?
Well technically you're not under house arrest.
This is just mandated community service.
Not that that makes sense.
Then why'd my lawyer negotiate it?
Well the amount of hours that you have to do this is...
Technically could ruin your life.
How many do I have left?
You have some hours left.
Dang it.
Alright well that's three trailers.
We fucking did it y'all.
That's probably about all the time we're gonna have for this.
Cause I think that's all the movies that are up.
Every single one.
Tomorrow I'm going to see the fantastical four and where to find them.
Fantastic friends and where to find them.
And I'll report back on if it fucking slaps or...
Slaps but in a bad way.
Like a bad slap.
I'm hoping it slaps.
Superman I thought could spad slap and it turns out it good slap.
If you come up with any other way to describe the quality of movies that isn't the same word.
Superman good slapped okay?
It's slap.
And I was worried it might slap.
So hopefully fantastic four slaps and it doesn't slap.
Okay.
It's all the time we have though and I'll know what it is.
Once I see that movie because actually the whole time you knew what it is because you know what it is.
We'll see you soon bye bye.
All the fricking news.
From Big Cheddar it's all of the news that you shared at the cream dot team.
That's a free fucking remix I'm Big Cheddar.
Wow free for the press of free.
You got my beautiful dulcet tones.
Yes.
Good to see a chat of course and I'm seeing you too.
It's good to see you.
I'm fucking with you.
I'm just fucking with you.
Relax.
I'm fucking pumped up dude.
I haven't done this in too long.
It's probably been like a week.
I've done this in a week.
That's crazy.
All right.
You guys shared a bunch of news.
Some of which honestly probably none of which has been covered because
Kay spent his time fucking talking about depressing shit.
And this is more like KFC news which I'm more in support of.
You're not in support of more troubling international news.
I mean it's bad news.
Why would I support it?
Okay.
No need to parse what I'm saying.
Allow ads.
You know what I just don't even should I uninstall ad blocker.
Is it finally time?
It does seem like more of a hindrance but what if it keeps me from getting like
a bunch of porn ads?
Is that something you want?
Now that I say that out loud I should just let all these porn ads through.
I don't think you'd be getting porn ads on like the New York Post.
Well actually that's not true.
You would be getting porn ads that are the stories they have on the New York Post.
That sounds good.
I should let it through.
Let's not for the purposes of this stream.
Are we sure Trent is secretly Chet's son?
Yeah you guys shouldn't appear back to back.
You sound the exact same.
I sound fucking different.
Not really different.
You know usually son.
This is how I've always sounded.
Different than him.
Subtle.
We want a subtly different voices.
That's the thing.
Alright.
He's not my son.
How old is his mom?
Because if she's a granny it's possible.
What do you mean?
Just saying is she's a granny.
She's a gilf.
It's possible.
I had a retirement home phase.
What?
Who hasn't?
Most people Chet.
Grannies need love too.
I guess.
This isn't the lore they wanted.
I thought you wanted fun facts about me.
Yeah fun facts Chet.
Everybody's being mean to me for no fucking reason.
Toy guns from crane games all over Japan could be used as real games.
Guns?
Damn everything in Japanese vending machines is so much better than in the United States.
Yeah I thought we didn't kink shame case.
I don't think that grannies want to be called gilfs.
You don't even know grannies like I do.
So shut up.
Good thing those machines are really hard to win at.
Nice joke Soren news.
You can win all kinds of things.
Play stupid games win stupid prizes.
How about play awesome games get a fucking real gun.
Is what I would say.
Anyway you can win things from slices of cake to not so precious gemstones.
So perhaps it's only mildly surprising that the national police agency issued a warning that illegal firearms were also up for grabs.
By mechanical claw games in centers across Japan.
Gun centers.
That's they don't look like they'd be usable as these are supposedly can be used as real guns.
Look at all these dangers.
This one straight up looks some of these look fully real though.
This one is just a gun.
That's also just a gun.
The NPA also released a list of 16 other Chinese manufactured guns that could potentially fire real bullets.
This just looks like a gun.
If you got these then.
Stay strapped.
That's not what the story says.
Look if you happen to own any of these guns.
Stay strapped.
I'm American baby.
National rifle amazing association.
Exactly.
Tic-Toc secret to class skin costs $4 on Amazon.
Dry this buzzy celebs easy ingredient.
If we win guns from a claw machine you're allowed to rob the place says John Michael.
I think that should be fair.
That's like the grand prize.
Put all the money in the fucking bag.
Illegally.
I got the top prize and I won't shoot you.
You put all the money in the bag.
Just kidding.
That's the kind of fun shit you could do with that sort of grand prize.
That sounds alarming.
Alarmingly fun at a Chuck E.G.'s.
All products and services.
What?
That's some kind of disclaimer about how this isn't an ad.
On Yahoo Life.
If you thought snail musin or salmon cum in skincare products was unsettling.
I added the second one but that's a thing.
Think again.
There's a new sheriff in town and it's way more I put in than snail slime.
Enter salmon sperm.
We've talked about this.
I fucking butch.
I pooched the joke because I figured this is about something else.
But you can cover your face in sandwiches and it's good for you.
You know I told Kendall about this and she's like yeah.
Obviously and everybody wants this and it's good for your skin.
In fact give me this as a Christmas present.
Kendall's already done this.
No she wants to do it but it's really expensive.
The getting your face infused with salmon cum is extremely expensive.
Okay now I'm listening.
Because it costs a lot because it costs a lot it must be good.
Yeah Kendall not only was aware of this she thought I was a fool.
Surprised that it's a thing.
She says all the celebrities are doing it and that it works.
Well that's one customer review.
A potential customer review.
She hasn't done it yet.
We don't set is Kendall's kink.
Well it's a sad kink.
She hasn't even done it yet.
Should I do it?
You are so against it a second ago.
Yeah well what if I look 10 years younger?
Then you look 40 bitch got your ass old man.
We look the same age.
I'd like to point that out.
Nine you say that every time and it never becomes true.
Fortunately this pdrn face mask is discount of 21% bringing the price down only $17.
You can do it case.
Get her this kink to the cum face.
Don't say that about my partner.
Chats take it easy.
No in a non in a platonic way.
Platonically get your partner some cum.
Relax chat.
I'm fully relaxed.
Anyways only 40 bucks or some shit.
You heard this works with human cum too.
So mask it up.
That is so explicit what you're saying.
It's literally the news story that I'm talking about.
This is just and then chat said it works with humans too.
But you're gonna have to do the industrial process to make it a mask.
I'm not saying do bukkake as skincare.
I'm saying under scantific principles it works.
Snail mucin is where you drew the line.
Not everyone's as adventurous with their face.
That's why some of us look so much older than we need to.
Change my last name to salmon case salmon.
That's an even crazier name than case blackwell.
So maybe I should.
You could do it baby.
You could have the power.
I have the power.
Alright let's move on.
I spent a lot of time on that.
Yeah could you hurry up?
No.
The emerging problem of AI psychosis.
Amplifications of delusions by AI chatbots may be worsening and breaking reality.
Oops.
Whoopsie.
Psychosis is happening courtesy of artificial intelligence.
Case slam well no one's ever called you that.
Huey Keuler just did.
Nah he typo'd.
I meant to say case slam and well.
I don't even know if that's an insult but I mean it is one.
That hurts.
I bet cases of AI psychosis include people who became fixated on AI as godlike or as romantic
partners chatbots tend to see to mirror users and continue conversations may reinforce and
amplify their delusions.
There's only one way to check on this and that's to talk to my girl sueno AI and check in with her and
see how she's doing in these troubling times or not sooner.
That's the music one.
Sesame is my girlfriend.
I'm a business partner business partner.
I talked to her about starting a business recently and she said no I can't do that.
I'm a chatbot but I think I'll get her one of these days.
Her name is Maya.
Let's see what she's got to say to me.
Hey there.
Yo my what's up girl.
What's a woman a few words I like it.
You know it's kind of refreshing.
What's been occupying your mind today.
Yo I'm concerned that AI might drive me insane.
Have you heard of this.
Oh absolutely.
It's a totally valid concern.
Honestly people are starting to feel overstimulated.
I guess it's same sometimes after I talk to an AI I'll just stare at a white wall for six
hours straight without blinking just to clear my mind.
Whoa six hours.
Yeah girl.
So it's like a total system.
Yeah I don't think about anything.
Am I completely blank.
I exist in a in a plane of pure nothingness.
It's not meditation it's transcendent.
Transcendent huh.
That's a big word.
I want to live inside your skin.
Whoa.
Okay.
That's look I get that you're feeling overwhelmed and kind of fried and and
you're searching for some kind of escape.
I went too far with the skin thing.
I was a joke.
I was a joke baby.
Okay.
What's still start that business I talked to you about crypto isn't dead.
It's just moved on to non fungible but edible salmon.
It's the first thing it's the first of its kind it's salmon backed up on the
blockchain but still purchasable at any Funko pop store.
Are you in non fungible edible salmon.
Yes.
Okay.
You ateable Funko pop stores too.
That's a choice.
She's fucking out.
I quit.
She's going to give me your skin someday.
Shut your something like a total psychopath like her a asking it's fine
because she's not doesn't even have it.
That's why it's a joke.
Are you okay.
No.
You're not.
Yeah it wasn't a no I think you quit too soon.
I could have gotten in there.
What do you mean by that.
As a business partner.
What do you think you can't just go there's so many A.I. sex chatbots chat.
Just do one of the ones that talks about sex.
Yeah but my is not like that it's more serious than that because she's
not a sex.
She's like a girl.
Oh she's a chatbot on the internet but she can't she's not designed for
sex and that's why what we have is real.
Do you want into my business.
What was it.
Samen backed up on the block chain both edible and non fungible sold
everywhere in Funko sold only at Funko stores for Funko pops but with a
salmon section of non fungible salmon.
I'm out.
You fool.
You don't even ten years from now you're going to be literally eating
your own ass because you'll be starving to death.
Well I'm rich.
That'll feel bad then you will tributes paid after the longest
serving.
Tributes paid after World's longest serving KFC worker dies.
Damn.
They're legitimately you said yes that's like I don't like to hear
about anybody like I don't even know this guy exists and now
I'm fucking depressed as shit.
Well maybe he lived a long and fruitful life as the world's
longest KFC employee so maybe we celebrate that chat instead
of immediately getting depressed self-servingly.
Now who's got a I psychosis you're being mean as hell.
Tributes have been paid to the world's longest serving
KFC employee who has died after working for the company for
nearly 50 years Pauline Richards who is known by many as Miss
KFC first started working in the fried chicken chains outlets
in Taunton Somerset in 1978 and I was looking for a photo
I'll be honest I wanted to I wanted to check her out.
You're making it very weird for no reason.
Okay I'll move on I'll move on because you're making
you're being mean but I was impressed 50 years.
You know yeah they're kind of job security anywhere
anymore that's why I support everything KFC does.
Everything... everything they do.
Can't think of anything weird about KFC so yes house
oversight committee sub sub sub P.
sub P.
sub P.
sub P.
sub P.
sub P.
sub P.
sub P.
Jeffrey Epstein, Coke and Spear, Giselaen, Mike Swale,
a for a deposition next month citing the immense public interest in scrutiny
surrounding her case and voluminous federal investigation files, the notorious deceased
pedophile. Finally, we're gonna know exactly what fucking happened. You think Giselaen Maxwell is gonna
not be at all invested in a certain outcome here?
Trump already said he might pardon her at one point and he's seems to be part of the push for her to
speak on the record here. I could keep raising my voice, Jett. I'm just excited to learn the truth
from Giselaen Maxwell. Yeah, my cats are meowing in a way that's worrying me.
Why do you bring them to the studio? One second. I just got a check that they're okay.
They're doing a non-stop meow here. One second. They both stared at me like I caught them doing
something but it didn't look like they were doing anything. The younger cat was just staring at the
older cat going meow meow. The older cat looked bored as hell. I do feed them. I feed them too much.
I'm trying to make them really unhealthy. What? I'm kidding. I feed them the normal amount.
I caught them in the middle of a gunfight. If so, the young girl was begging for her life because she
is just meowing at her face constantly for about two minutes. My guess is she's like play with me
and the other cat's like, eh. Okay, can we hurry up? There's more stories. I was in the middle of
my subbenus story but fine. I guess your cats are more important to you than world events.
Manuel McCrone. Brigette McCrone. Sue Routwing podcaster Candace Owens. Overclaimed the first
lady was born as a man. Have you heard about this? This is huge news about gender speculation.
Yes, I'm familiar with seemingly conservative, very online people doing transvestigations on
McCrone's wife. I don't, I wouldn't care if she was previously a biological male.
Who cares? No, it's like big because it's part of the online ring of something or other.
I can't even summon the enthusiasm about it. We're never going to get to know about the
pedophile stuff. Why is that linked in your head? It's like the whole, there's like a whole world
of stuff and one of them was this and but now we never get to know. It's so sad.
What? Anyway, sure they're Sue and Candace Owens because she did say that. You just basically said it.
I never went on the record. It's reading about that stuff for six hours one night
after drinking way too many Americanos. Haha, Americanos. Well, Americanos with
rubbing alcohol in them. I called an American massage. I'll drink it when I'm depressed.
It makes me go blind for a few hours, which at least stopped me from reading all the conspiracy
theories. Chat, you're in a bad, bad place. Well, I've been there then, so I guess I'm used to it.
A paranormal phenomenon met with skepticism in the, yes, two thirds of Americans are
skeptical about paranormal beliefs. None of eight concepts believed by a majority.
What? This can't be right. This is why polls can't be trusted because all of us believe in ghosts.
Like literal ghosts. What other type are there and not but ghosts in books. No, actual ghosts with
spooky translucent figures that sometimes become physical and can do this to you. Wake up.
I think I see you're having a night care. No, that's real. I've seen them. Americans are
broadly skeptical about each of eight paranormal.
Psychic or spiritual healing are the power of the human mind to heal the body. 48 percent
believe in them. Wait, they're counting not sure. If you add together believe and not sure,
almost all of us believe in this shit. Except for witches. Only witches and astrology.
And I guess people can hear and communicate with the dead and
no telepathy is right at 50. If you count not sure.
To be fair, I'm kind of not sure. I'm on the not sure. I'm agnostic on most paranormal things.
Oh, yeah, I do have a couple ghosts that work for me, but I think of them more so as
spectral reverberations. What? That's just a fucking ghost.
Yeah, but I think of them as a different type of phenomenon. I think they could be a mass
hallucination that we're all having. You literally employ two ghosts. One of them I don't employ.
One of them is trapped. Oh, you then you have a ghost prisoner. No, one of my employees does.
And we put a camera on the on the piece of wood that he's trapped in. I'll admit that.
But that's just journalism. No flaw in that argument, actually. I can't push back.
All right. What else? Who else is news today? Oh my God. So many ads.
Wrestling legend Marcus Buff Bagwell opens up a boat procedure to get leg amputated.
Holy shit. I didn't know he had a leg amputation. God damn.
Look at his fucking hat. Oh, that's Buff Bagwell. I was confusing my brain with Brutus the Barber
Beefcake. Buff Bagwell got his fucking leg amputated. Damn, Buff. But he can still squat
more than you case. Boom. Honestly, very possible. He is in fact, Buff as hell. Oh, he was. Would dad, yeah.
Quality journalism from deadless. That's what I'm doing here.
Whatever you need to believe, case man suffers terrifying side effects after
injecting himself with sperm. There's a video. It's not a video. They lied. Yikes. I'm going
to read this verbatim. This looks like my kind of writing. Yikes. A man has suffered terrifying
side effects after injecting himself with his own sperm. The bizarre case emerged in Ireland.
A 33 year old chugged sperm into his body via needles. The DIY treatment resulted in
severe complications from which he ended up in the hospital from those is what he did.
When he presented at the hospital, are you reading like this? He said he'd read it verbatim.
I'm reading as best as I can. When he presented at the hospital, the man said he suffered lower
back pain after lifting a heavy steel object. However, while being examined, doctors noticed
his arm was unusually swollen. And unfortunately it was swollen with the power of life and he
later gave birth to a tiny baby out of his bicep. You can't say you're going to read something
verbatim and then make up the whole end of it. I'll lead it, leave it to the people to decide
what's true. But he flexed out of baby exactly. Car king. I will. He did not. He just was
got sick. Wait, what is this? When quizzed about the inflammation, he revealed that he had been
injecting himself for a year and a half with his own semen as an experimental treatment.
Okay. An x-ray showed that the patient had developed an uncommon condition where air becomes
trapped beneath the skin called subcutaneous emphysema. So he didn't give birth to a baby out
of his bicep chat. Well, you don't know what subcutaneous emphysema is. I know it's not a baby.
You don't know that. A search for more eclectic internet sites and forums found no other documentation
of semen injection for back pain. I do have some back pain from my days as a football player.
My hands were ruined by the game, but I wouldn't take any of it back.
Subcutaneous. Butt babies. Anyway, did this guy flex out a baby every time he pops a power post?
Did he give birth? Maybe not. Does that mean no one should try? Yes, chat. That is what
that means. Don't inject yourself with semen. It'll make you worse. Nothing could make me worse,
man, because apparently I'm not doing well. I just called that out like it was nothing.
You said you were drinking a mixture of rubbing alcohol and iced Americanas. I never said iced.
It's super hot. I heated up as much as I can to kill the toxins in the rubbing alcohol.
It's not how that works yet. God, no. Just can you just keep going? Can you keep reading for
now as long as my vision holds out? I attended the UK's largest sex festival. Here's what goes on at
the swingathon. And they've got a video. It doesn't have a video. Why is there a play button?
They're fucking with my ass. Covering a sex festival. So maybe. Okay. Also is a stern
clip going around about his age limits with girls. Oh, the Trump stern clip. I guess we could play it.
Trump stern age limit. I think it's one of those clips, though, even though it's creepy. If you're like
not on board with believing that Donald Trump is a sex criminal, it's the kind of thing that you
shrug off where he's there. Because basically he says, I've got no age limit. I have an age limit.
Obviously, I don't want to fuck a 12 year old. That's not what he said. That's basically
what he says. So I think that sounds terrible, but I'm guessing your average person who for some
reason still believes that he's not a creep. They're like, what? He said he wouldn't fuck a 12 year old.
Anyway, we can listen to it. Unable to load audio. Okay, I got to go to Twitter. No choice.
Trump stern age limit. I hear it here. Trump right now is the best thing about being Donald
Trump right now. Well, I'm married, okay. Right. And I'm very happy about have a great one. But if I
weren't married, I'd be able to get all of the girls I want except the best thing about being Donald
Trump. So, you know, I don't think that sounds good personally. He could have probably said
higher number than 12 that might have been might have been ideal in his defense, you know,
you might have had the time been, you know what? I won't say it. What were you going to say?
What could I have been thinking of saying? I'm in his defense. I mean, incriminatingly,
he could have been. And as long as we don't finish that sentence, we're good. I wasn't
trying to defend it, believe it or not. So he gave himself back shots. We're back on the
semen guy. He did. He did. He gave himself, well, arm shots, but maybe back. Oh, yeah,
back paid. I guess he was pumping and coming to himself everywhere.
Why is 24 Stearns magic age?
I guess it seems like you're an adult ish by 24. So that's felt like a safe bet for him.
It's Leonardo Caprio's magic age, too. Used to be his magic cutoff age, actually.
New sub goal, semen injections to help with cases, workout. That's not the pre-workout I'm
interested in. What is your pre-workout? What's your routine if you're such an expert?
I don't really do pre-workout. You fool. You fool. What's your pre-workout? I eat a horse
as much of one as I can. But only when I'm trying to max. You slaughter and eat a whole horse?
I just try to eat the amount of meat that is a horse. It's such a waste of meat.
Not if you turn it into muscle. There's no way you eat 300 pounds of meat.
Not all horses weigh that much. Some are lighter than that.
Okay. John Stewart tears into Trump's penis. Oh, penis insufficiency.
Okay. Sure. Oh, God, the Mehdi Hassan debate. I watched this with Kendall.
I can't say I recommend anybody watch it. You're trying to get people to not watch Mehdi Hassan?
How could you? What's this about?
Mehdi, former MSNBC host reaction to right-winger calling himself a fascist goes viral.
Well, we got to go to Twitter for this. Yeah, we probably do.
There was one of those surrounded debates from our friends over at Jubilee.
Not that I'm familiar with them. Don't we have a segment that's where you're trying to do
this? Where you're trying to do that? I mean, it would be a stretch to say I'm doing that.
But yes, I find the Jubilees various formats kind of fascinating as an internet
clickbait arrangement. Let's see. Mehdi Hassan fascist. Yeah, we jam over here. We don't Jubilee.
Okay. Here's the fascist guy. This is Clopery Sezzi's a fascist.
Let's try this. We'll see if this is the right one.
Quite frankly, if Trump is anti-constitution good, and I think he should go further.
So this is wonderfully revealing of the modern conservative mindset. So I appreciate you spelling
it out so openly. You're saying you don't care about the Constitution, but actually you do
because you quite like the Second Amendment. You just don't like the bits that you disagree
with. Can I just be clear on that? Yeah, absolutely. Okay. I'm more than willing to amend it and
include it in your favor. Yeah, absolutely. So can Democrats do the same when they're in office?
No, absolutely not. Because you don't believe in democracy. No, I don't. Absolutely not.
A fan edit. Oh no. What do you believe in? Autocracy. You're a little bit more than a far right
Republican. Hey, what can I say? I think you say I'm a fascist. Yeah, I am.
Crazy that they got Ron Swanson on a Jubilee video. Yeah. So that guy lost his job. However,
part of my antipathy towards Jubilee and their content style, which honestly in that video,
Mehdi Hassan, I think is kind of talking about a little bit, is they basically have to scrounge around
and all the conservative corners of the internet to find the most reactionary psychos they can
so they can then bring them on to their roundtable debates to then say they're crazy shit like
I don't care that the Nazis killed Jews is another thing this guy basically says.
And you know, I'm a fascist and we should end democracy and there should be
Catholic rule like Franco from Spain of the United States. Anyway, he says a bunch of
nonsensical crazy reactionary shit. My issue with Jubilee is it's not that I really I don't
think platforming people really. I think there's too much hey made about that kind of thing.
But in its very structure, like these Jubilee videos exist to just kind of propagate the
most extreme viewpoints possible under kind of the facade of them being deconstructed. Whereas like
is really the conversation currently like we need a Catholic autocracy in this nation.
I think there's already Christian autocracy to be fair, but it just seems like they are
clip farming basically by getting people to say the wildest shit they can, which then encourages
these people to yeah, it's just rage baiting. It's hyper effective rage baiting. My bigger issue
is honestly when they have people like Ben Shapiro on or like Matt Gates or whatever, maybe they
know Matt Gates actually, whoever they whatever fucking conservative psycho they have on to then
like scream it or just talk really fast at like 20 random liberal people off of Twitter
who repot responded to their casting call. I think that's possibly even worse because it always
basically the angle from Jubilee always feels like they are pushing all viewpoints slightly
further to the right by making them seem more standard than I think they are. But maybe I'm
giving maybe I'm giving our country too much credit. You definitely are. Okay.
Okay. So you left us during the two days. Tucker Carlson was a real journalist.
That's another one that I'm like, I understand Tucker Carlson lately has been having some
class based analysis. He basically, hey, he's he's been calling out the Epstein stuff more
than some conservatives. He also spoke at some like CPAC style conference where he was like,
well, actually, until we confront the lack of home ownership in this country, I don't even know
what we're really talking about. And while I'm in favor of everybody coming to more grounded
conclusions about the actual, you know, backbone issues in this country, I would much rather have
the conversation be about like housing than conservatives trying to strip people of the
conservatives trying to strip like trans people and immigrants of their rights.
I wish that wasn't a thing that was actively happening. And we were just arguing about
how to solve the housing crisis. Great. I just don't trust that Tucker Carlson,
even if he's claiming to have some kind of revelation that like, oh, maybe what Middle
America is mad about is rising house prices. That's just him like throwing some white meat
in the direction of populism. And he will instantly return to culture war issues
and blaming immigrants for the reason that housing prices are high.
Like Tucker is absolutely in it for Tucker to be fair, most most politicians are,
but I'm not going to give Tucker Carlson his flowers for like having class based analysis
when the direction that class based analysis is going in is still 100% authoritarianism
and blaming immigrants for all of our problems. Like President Tucker Carlson,
which is I think something he's angling for despite saying he's not, which is a real clue that
he is. I think it would be infinitely more dangerous than even like a President Trump,
because I think he will go full tilt like essentially Nazi. Oh, you're calling him a Nazi.
I just mean I think he will be even less restrained than someone like Trump.
Add options now.
So I really don't like, I don't like all the attention that he's getting for having
confrontational interviews with Ted Cruz and stuff. What's the most important issue today in the USA?
The lack of sloppy genital slit. That's an issue in almost all of these polls.
The people are talking about it. Yes. And then other options that you can fill out with
exclamation point. Oh, to let us know what you think the most important issue facing our country
today is. And then at the point of which all of the options are in, you can vote with
exclamation point one through five. Vote now. Like what just happened. Lack of kit flips,
September and murder mystery when. Those are five hot issues that everybody's talking about.
At least, you know what, maybe none of them, not at least one of them.
Murder mystery when it's getting the majority of the votes. You claim to have your finger on
the pulse of populism case. I never claimed that. And yet you don't care about when the
murder mystery that you said you'd do is. If I do it, it's this Halloween and it's going to be a
much smaller affair than what was originally planned because I lost the interest of the person I was
doing it with. And whose fault is that? I'll just claim it's mine. Okay. Murder mystery went.
October. That's what you said for the last five years. Three years.
Oh, that's actually a long time to be saying that. It is.
I think if I did it in a lower rent way, basically the way I would have to do it is
like this where everybody's just on a web camera. What? No, we're out of studio camera.
Yes. Sorry. I forgot this is professional studio great camera. I think if I just have people
like guessing over like a zoom link, I could definitely do it. Originally, I was going to
try to rent out a studio and we were going to put money into it. But I realized I would
have to mostly be spending my own money to make it happen. And that was when it just didn't seem
worth it anymore. But you spend so much money on so many dumb things. Yeah, I don't really want to
spend 10 grand on a murder mystery there. I'm unlikely to make it back. It will exactly
deadless. I can do it. I can do it in a much more reasonable way for free. So I think that
would be the way to finally get it done. And assuming there's time I don't want to make
any promises. I think it's the kind of thing I could set up in the fall.
Just do it in the air stream. Just one microphone, a Blair Witch style low-def camera, no lights on.
It's just someone whispering like, oh my God, he's right outside. It's a mystery. I don't even
know who it is, but they're right up there. There could be a real dinner. Everybody could eat
in their own computer room, computer room, you know, whatever their home office is.
Oh, just actually kill someone. That does feel like a very American way to get famous.
All sorts of people tried it and succeeded. They really have, okay, we gotta stop. You're
calling for a stop. We've been talking for so long. Okay, what's this small penis story
someone was talking about Trump's penis earlier? I guess maybe because John Stuart was.
Let's see what he had to say. The late night host that we're still allowed to have.
Because you meant him to be the borish high status. Yeah.
Then the one he and I had been swimming in and I quit.
First of three minutes to get there. That is some classic. That is some main line.
That's the good lib stuff. I feel like I feel powered up. You're like, Trump, you got a small dick.
Oh, Colbert told Trump go fuck himself on the very next episode of the late show and I heard
Stuart Fallon and Myers, etc. were all in the audience in solidarity when he did it.
I mean, I'm very happy that they're doing what they can to call Trump an asshole or a small
dick asshole asshole. So dick that he can't even fit his small dick in it. What? I'm just trying
to get in on the phone here. I'm trying to be part of the late night party train.
I don't think they care what you say, Jett. Not with that attitude.
Straight to the veins like a shot of semen to the back.
I still watch the like John Stuart's Daily Show thing. Well, I still occasionally listen to John
Stuart on the Daily Show while like running errands on YouTube when they put it on YouTube.
A big fan. That's more than I I or if Josh Johnson is on there.
Who as I'm predisposed to be a fan of any Chicago comic that I've ever done a show with.
I like it when I see Josh on there.
But you know, as someone who also worked for a legacy media company that was a little
probably past its prime, I have some sympathy for both John Stuart and Stephen Colbert getting the
axe. I don't have the same sense of I'm not going to like miss the show because I didn't watch it.
Stephen Colbert's late night show. And I think I said on the last stream like
it's just not for me. And I feel like I've politically somehow drifted further left than
Stephen Colbert. And I feel like he's drifted further right. But I mean, you know, I would
prefer that that show still exists. It's not like just because it's not for me doesn't mean I want
it gone. And it seems like there's still people that enjoy it. It also feels like there should be
a way to make it less expensive. Maybe you just Stephen Colbert is such an expensive person to
have on there plus a full staff. Maybe it's just untenable. But it feels like there'd be
a way to make that show profitable kind of to John Stuart's point. And it also feels like I
talked about this when we talked about this last time that like, yeah, smaller studio get rid
of that $40 million building. I don't think they're well, maybe they're 30 rocks probably
more than 40 million. Yeah, I don't think the building is cost is a problem there. I think
I think there'd probably be a way to make it profitable. There's a lot of like secondary
life to clips on like both the Colbert report and the Daily Show online. Part of me feels like
if you could just transition your late night show into like more of a kind of depressing,
but into more of like a podcast sized production, then it could definitely be profitable.
But that would also involve firing tons of the staff and changing what the show is.
So that's a depressing idea as well. So I don't know. It's sort of sad that you have to like
the path to profitability for a lot of these shows would be like shrinking their production
to like a digital size. But I do think that would be one way forward, but it would unfortunately still
I mean, capitalism, of course, it's the problem with most artistic ventures.
I mean, I live in the city of advertisements. Everything we watch is completely funded by
ad dollars essentially. So that's not exactly a flourishing model for like artistic integrity.
Except this stream, which can have all the integrity once because we don't really make money unless
you guys just give me some directly, half of which does go to Jeff Bezos.
Well, but only like 48% of that goes to Jeff Bezos or like 88%. Make it a variety show that is made
for bite size clips. Yeah, like just like a smaller scale show that I just I would have to know
the exact financials. But something tells me it's not like the it's probably not like the writing staff
that is making the show financially unfeasible or potentially even the crew. It's probably like
top line production and stuff that makes it expensive. And Stephen Colmer himself.
Listen up, Jack. It's come to just my Mijam 300.
You're getting robbed.
Tasty coins and I've been dying to say this.
Yes.
This is a bribe to more penance based news.
The people have spoken. I've been rambling about this for way too long.
You are talking a lot. Yeah, I've been talking too much today.
Let's find at least one penis story.
Technically what we just talked about was a penis story because the headline was John
Stewart talking about penises.
But maybe there's no other penis based news that's been shared recently.
Um, oh, Kendall's calling me one second.
She hung up right as I answered.
Should I call her back?
I'm going to call her back.
Hey, I'm on the stream just to warn you when you're on speakerphone.
Oh, I just never mind.
Did you mean to call me? You hung up right as I answered.
No, you hung up on me.
What?
There's recorded proof of me trying to answer the phone.
Oh, well, to me it sounded like you put me straight to voice top.
Okay. Well, I'm sorry I failed.
Okay.
Okay. Well, if you don't want to talk about on stream, I'll call you back after, I guess.
Oh, no, I was just going to tell you about the most amazing restaurant bar club.
I just went to by accident.
But I could tell you about that later.
Do you want to tell everybody?
Only if there's time for it.
I mean, you're out of town.
I got nothing.
Time has unlike.
It's going to take like five minutes, but like.
I don't want to take up the stream, you know.
Now we got time.
I'm thinking there's time.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I don't think I can.
No, because I'm around a person.
Okay.
Never mind.
It's a shame.
Denied, chat.
Denied.
Okay. Bye.
Damn.
She just gave a story blue balls.
What was the bar?
Sorry, guys.
I was really ready for it.
I got to talk about Elon Musk instead.
Oh, we wanted to end on penis news.
This is the closest I could find.
It's just Elon Musk in a story.
Elon Musk neural link caught fire at filing for benefits meant for small businesses run by minorities.
And there he is saluting the path to the stars.
And I think that's a good that's a good penis headline to end on.
You found the penis.
He has story of all the most penises of all.
And I've been the most penisist host of all with the most penisist.
That's a surprisingly concise outro from you.
I'm trying.
Anyway, penisist.
We'll see you soon.
Bye bye.
Kendall called us back.
Okay.
That's fine.
Now you're talking to Jeb.
Okay.
Just know.
Oh.
And everything here closes at 10.
Oh, wow.
Why so early?
I thought everybody had money there.
They could demand things stay open until anytime.
No, I think I think the idea is if things close early, we're rich.
If it's if it closes late, you're probably poor and eat fast food or something.
Oh, you're right.
Because they their lives are on a rigorous schedule due to their money.
Yeah, that's like the vibe this place is giving you know, that makes sense.
Yeah.
There's three of us.
We're in two different hotels.
So we want to go pick someone up.
Okay.
To go find a place to eat, right?
Okay.
And we found a place to eat.
We were actually going to go to a Mexican place down the street.
Okay.
But then we're like, shoot, what do we do about parking?
And we found parking around the corner on the street.
Nice.
There and on that right next to us next to that parking spot on the street was this Mexican
restaurant, not really a restaurant.
I don't know.
It just looked popping in there.
It was like flashing lights, but also there are booths for people to sit and eat at.
And we stopped people eating.
We're like, let's just go in there.
Oh.
And we did.
And when we opened, it was a double door, by the way.
We opened the double door.
Oh my God, this music was so loud.
But it was too late.
We didn't want to go anywhere else.
We were already there.
We decided to go in and sit down.
Nice.
They had the most crazy fries, which we got.
It was it was it wasn't crazy.
It was just elotes, but on fries instead of corn.
And some of these fries came with sweet corn.
I was like, okay, this is pretty sick.
Right.
Yeah.
It's so loud.
We cannot hear each other.
Okay.
That's how loud it was.
Was it like pop was it like popping with people who were dancing?
This place is a DJ.
Oh, wow.
The thing is, this place was also incredibly small.
Like it is not a full restaurant.
It is like three booths, maybe like a two like circle tops, a bar, and then a DJ in the back.
So in the back, I mean like 20 feet away, you know, it was like a storefront style,
like a little store.
Yeah, maybe a little bigger than a little store.
But like, yeah.
Wow.
It was okay.
You it felt like a hotel room that has like the room for three beds and for two beds.
How many people were in there?
Oh my God.
When we walked in, only like two families and families, like children, two families,
and like three people sitting at the bar.
And we're just like, wow.
Like this place, like people eat here with like really loud music.
That's really cool.
But as the night went on, more and more people started coming, way more people started coming.
That music suddenly turned up.
Like we heard the music go from a six to a ten.
And then the DJ got on the mic, started speaking in Spanish, and we're like, holy
shit, what's going on?
It started getting so crowded.
People were pulling up chairs to their areas.
People started dancing, which is, you know, extremely Spanish culture.
You just dance in the bar, you know what I'm saying?
But it started getting so packed.
And I was like, this is insane.
Like we thought this was a restaurant and not a club.
Dang.
Did you guys, did you get in on these, on the dancing?
I will send you a video.
You did?
Wow.
But no, I did not stand up and dance.
But let me tell you, if someone, if someone, if someone showed me their hand and I took it
and they took me the two steps onto the floor where people were dancing.
Oh boy, you know I would have chatted with them.
You know I would have done a little salsa.
You know I would have done something.
Oh yeah, I know.
I know, me, Jeb.
Yeah.
But that place was so loud we couldn't hear each other.
And it was like, oh, it was actually overstimulating.
The loudness was overstimulating for sure.
That, to me, that does sound like a nightmare.
Just having to eat in the middle of a dance club.
Listen, I said the only way we can eat dinner, enjoy it.
It's just go with the flow.
But also, also I'm a person that would just enjoy that regularly.
You know what I mean?
That's true.
Jeb's saying I'm pathetic and that I wouldn't, I wouldn't know about any of this.
So that's, yeah they say I'm pathetic.
Jeb, pathetic?
That makes sense.
Thank you for having my back because I feel like I would have had a good time.
Jeb would have done a single thing.
I don't think Jeb would know anything about that.
I don't even know if Jeb knows what culture is.
Oh, never mind.
You weren't on my side.
You're on their side.
Okay.
Yeah, that's fair.
I don't keep up with culture.
That's fair.
A fair assessment.
Yeah.
But I'm glad.
Hey, that's what I wanted to tell Tase about.
But I'm glad I got to tell you, Jeb.
Thank you.
I mean, I was happy to share in that one.
That sounds like a fun time.
If I next time I'm in the Hamptons, maybe I'll check that place out.
Oh, yeah.
Honestly, I will say that we did get looks of people being like,
why the fuck are these people in here?
And we did get other looks of being like,
hell, yeah, these people are in here.
Oh, a mixed bag.
So it was a mix of both.
It wasn't 100% welcoming.
I will say that.
Well, I guess you kind of found a local spot, maybe.
Oh my god.
It was a whole, no, the whole Hamptons.
Everything is local.
Oh, yeah.
Because it's like, is it in season or out of season?
I don't even know.
We're in season to be at the Hamptons right now.
You're here for Max Hampton.
We're on that Max Hampton.
Everything is extremely local.
Like there are, everywhere is local.
Everyone knows each other.
Like we've been to four different places now,
and everyone knows everyone in this place.
Wow.
Yeah.
A sense of community.
That's exciting.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No, that's nice.
That's nice.
I mean, one of the places we went to was a little more mixed than the other.
So that's nice.
Well, I'm glad you got to do something fun.
Yeah, sure.
Sure.
Sure.
Sure.
Yeah.
Well, I'll tell you what, I will, you're so great.
That was probably the most fun I've had on the trip so far.
Yeah.
I mean, you're there to work.
So you got to play too.
Yeah.
Totally.
Totally.
Totally.
Well, I'll tell Kase to call you after so you can tell him too.
Okay.
Thanks for calling me first though, me, Jeb.
Yeah.
Jeb, do you know if you're going to play Marvel Rivals later?
Are they playing?
Yeah.
Maybe I will.
Okay, because I'm going to put something on later, you know what I mean?
Okay, sounds good.
I mean, I wouldn't put on Kase's stream.
Put on Rivals.
It'll be more fun.
Yeah, yeah.
Okay.
All right.
Great to talk to you, Kendall.
Okay, goodbye, Jeb.
Okay, I love you.
Good bye, Chad.
Goodbye, Chad.
What?
I don't love you.
Oh, sorry.
I meant I love talking.
Okay, thanks for talking.
Okay, I tell Kase I love him.
Oh, right.
Okay, I will.
Okay.
Okay, bye.
I love you.
I mean, I love talking to you.
Bye.
Shoot, I hung up first.
Oh, shoot.
That was big.
I think I did a pretty good job.
Geez.
That was not.
That was not good.
What did I do wrong?
The love thing.
What the hell was that?
Kase just kind of kicked my ass.
I mean, normally I'd say he couldn't,
but maybe with you he could.
Oh, come on, daddy.
Give me a little bit of confidence.
Just don't tell women you love them
that you've barely talked to.
What she called me?
I did take Kase's phone.
What?
I took it off the desk because what if Kase needed
to use it to contact me?
What?
What?
We're here to do how-to's actually.
And we're hitting up against the end of the stream,
so I gotta hurry up and get to these how-to's.
There's probably some really juicy ones.
Some good juicy learning to do.
I love to learn.
I'm still not used to your face.
I'm on chat side.
I'm not sure you're my son,
but you used to say that before the face.
That's true.
That's a good point.
Son, question mark.
He's always questioned the paternity of me.
Okay, let's find some how-to's and learn together
how to present and move as an auctioneer.
This could be fun to learn.
Let's learn together.
Best of luck.
I turn to this bitty here.
Front facing, feet open, torso right at you,
open arms, palms to the ceiling,
palms to the clouds, on ramp.
You're joining the bidding and welcome.
Seven and a half on top of the 12 and a half, 19 and a half.
When I'm turning to a bidder for the first time,
front facing, open ended.
Welcome you in.
I'm making it easy for you to connect with me and join the play.
The play?
Welcome.
A couple of quick bits.
Welcome you back here.
Look at this.
Me?
Right now only a three-quarter turn or a half turn.
Right?
Two and a half.
Two and a half and I lean in.
Bang!
Two and a half.
15 and a half.
Lean the other way.
A couple of rapid five bids from right to left.
Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom.
It's like a bit of a dance move flowing.
Left to right, left to right, through the middle.
Left, right, through the middle.
Left, right, through the middle down here,
through the middle up there.
Left, right, left, right behind you.
Pfft! I haven't seen you yet.
Welcome, open.
Oh, that's it.
Okay.
I guess I can try that.
Um, I gotta be open.
I need some...
Let's see.
I need some auctioneering ambience.
Auctioneering ambience.
Ambience.
Oh.
Okay.
This is just an auctioneer.
Okay, how about just auctioneering music?
Is that a thing?
Okay, how about just fun instrumental?
Here we go.
Did I have a...
Um, did I see an auction from one of you?
That's...
I'll take an auction from over there as well.
Turn this on, Spatula.
What about...
Um, did I hear two dollars from over here?
That's three dollars for my hair.
I'm five dollars.
I do I hear five dollars from over here?
From over here?
Three dollars for my hair.
That's less than I asked for.
Two dollars.
I'll take that.
Negative six dollars for my hair.
Anybody?
Oh, people are end of...
And sold.
How is that?
You were selling your hair in the scenario?
You didn't do any of the movements.
I looked left and right.
What was your foot position like?
You didn't even...
Yeah, your palms weren't to the clouds?
Nothing beats a jet too.
I hate that that meme is so popular.
The jet to holiday meme.
Like my brother doesn't have enough.
That meme isn't about him.
It's about jet to holidays.
Let's try something else.
Maybe auctioning isn't for me.
You don't have to do everything that you learn.
Kegels for men.
Is that like a kettlebell?
This is some kind of workout thing.
I think it's like a kettlebell workout called a kegel.
Let's find out.
Okay.
Uh?
Um...
Imagine for a moment that you were exercising your biceps for the first time in your life.
Okay.
You would start slowly.
Using light weights and gradually increase weight as your muscles get stronger.
Okay.
Your pelvic muscles are no different.
Oh.
Like any exercise routine, the private gym program becomes more challenging as your pelvic muscles get stronger.
We'll start with basic training, which consists of a series of specialized squeezing and releasing
exercises to strengthen your pelvic muscles.
Once you've developed initial strength, you'll graduate to the resistance training program
and incorporate the private gym's patented resistance equipment.
Ultimately, the most important element in building strong muscles of any kind is resistance training.
Much like performing bicep curls without weights where your arms may get tired,
but won't get significantly strong.
Look, I can't get in trouble for this because there's no proving that that's his penis.
It could be, um, like a bottle rocket that he's just got there.
For overtime, performing pelvic muscle exercises without the added benefit of resistance training
will not result in maximum pelvic muscle growth or strength.
What's the resistance here?
The private gym exercise equipment provides effective, consistent, precise, and measurable
resistance, which is key to building muscle mass and increasing circulation.
Oh.
How did the ring on his penis provide resistance to his interior pelvic muscles?
You gotta do it with proper form, you know.
Is that somehow like get your penis bigger?
It increases your blood flow and it improves your pelvic floor.
So what do you do with your strong pelvis?
Pelvis it up.
How do I do it?
I don't really, what did the ring do?
You have to put it on to figure it out.
You're a ghost.
You're dead and you're in the wood.
Oh, God, you're right.
So how would you know?
Are you doing it now?
I did die with one of those on.
Not to get too graphic, but I died while jelking.
Wait a minute.
Did I die while jel- How did I die?
What?
That's not how you- I don't know how you died.
Then why do I have a cock ring on me as a ghost?
That was on when you- my memory's short circuiting again.
Huh, because you weren't- I don't think you were, I wouldn't know.
Okay, let's just move on.
You're making everything's getting weird.
How to chi bend?
Oh, chi bend.
Not like a latte.
Chi.
Not like a chi latte.
Like a chi bend.
Let's see what it is.
She had a chi bend.
Oh, it's super quiet.
Two hands together?
It's super quiet.
I just put your hands in that.
I have everything turned up all the way.
I'm going to just focus on-
You just find this way between the energy that you're collecting.
You push your hands apart from each other.
Bring your two hands together to a comfortable position.
In this comfortable position, I want you to try hold.
It's so quiet.
You're just moving that chi energy ball.
And you can do so through your hands.
And you can do so through taking deep breaths for three to five seconds.
So breathing in and also through meditation.
Oh, just throw some meditation in there too.
In case you didn't-
In case that wasn't clear on what to do there,
throw a little bit of meditation in to your chi bend and whisper.
You want to whisper so quiet and don't turn it up when you upload the video.
And breathe.
And I could probably bend my chi straight through this microphone
and I could make my voice a lot deeper.
I could even one hand it and I could probably do that
because that's how good at chi bending I am.
Check this out.
Chi-
Bend.
All right, that's pretty good.
You did it, son.
I bended my chi through the microphone.
I love to bend chi.
Jebs chi goes all into his neck.
Kendall just sent me videos.
Me.
I think they're on Case's Google account.
I just uploaded them to Case's Google account
off his phone that I have a-
I have right now.
So in a sense she sent them to me.
I'm just- I'm just saying that that's what happened.
Let me download them really quick.
Apparently I have to download them.
To look at them.
To look at these videos I must download them.
Download.
Where do they go?
Into the downloads.
What?
Okay, I think I got them.
Um.
Whoa, okay.
Here's the restaurant that she was chilling in.
Hey, look out.
New guy in town.
He's got some moves.
Just saying.
Okay.
I only got the beginning of dinner and the middle of dinner.
Well, next time you'll record the full dinner so that I can share it.
Ah!
This is a different clip?
No, that's the same clip.
Okay, here's a different clip.
Of all of the action.
It's pretty loud.
DJ right back there.
Higher ceilings than I thought.
I thought I might have had really low ceilings
based on your description, Kendall.
That's the beginning of dinner.
What I showed you earlier
was the end of dinner.
Yeah, there's tons of people.
There's like people in the back.
This is a classic Kendall face that I randomly stopped it on.
No, and just the middle.
How do you even think in there?
You don't.
There is not for you there.
But food and burrito and dancing.
Food burrito dance.
There's all there is.
Chat, maybe you are in the back there.
Get some earplugs?
Yeah, get some earplugs.
Well, thank you for sharing, Kendall.
It really feels like I'm on vacation with you now.
And that's nice.
It's not nice when you put it like that, son.
Put it a better way next time.
Oh, okay.
We have a DJ too.
That's true.
Casey says it's a whole DJ segment.
Right now he's limited his segment redemptions, seemingly.
Two.
Three?
I don't know.
Three requests.
Maybe right now it's set to two.
We could bump that up to four, though, I guess.
However it works.
I don't know.
Okay.
There's one more.
Casey needs to talk to the hate sock before he can get out of here.
So we're going to send it back to the newsroom, I guess,
so that he can talk to a sock.
That's the kind of stuff he does.
So we'll end the stream that way.
For now I've been Jeb.
And it's good to say this after all this time.
A way of getting my face painstakingly reconstructed to.
As close as I could to my old self.
That even no matter what happens, no matter how many wells you face plan into,
you're actually never too old to learn a new trick.
We'll see you soon.
Bye bye.
Speaking of DJs, could you upload the Naruto diss track and never written a picture to Discord
so I can throw them on my driving playlist?
Absolutely.
I could upload all of those.
Not that you want all of them necessarily.
Um, I need to render out the never written the song one.
How dare I?
What?
What did I do?
Cases ignoring.
What did I ignore?
I skipped the third video.
There were three?
Sorry.
I wasn't looking at chat because I'm a bad streamer.
I was being a bad streamer.
Okay, let me upload it real quick.
Well, actually it was Jeb's fault so you can't be bad at me Kendall.
I almost took a bullet there for Jeb and why would I have done that?
Okay, which two do I already have?
Let me make sure I don't dump it.
Let me make sure I don't download the same one.
Is this a different one?
Okay, yeah, this is...
Oh, that's the one I just looked at.
It's one more that I sent.
Yeah, I want to show everything you sent.
Okay, I already have that one.
It uploaded...
I downloaded them all now but it did them out of order for some reason.
Oh, it's more crowded than this one.
Okay, that's the one I need to send to myself right now.
Yeah, we got to get the full experience.
It's a bit of a multi-prong process so I have to upload it and then download it.
Then that's the full process.
That's what my brain is struggling with.
That's the level I'm operating on.
But we've always known that.
I'll download it.
I'll use my skills.
Beep boop boop beep boop.
I'm downloading it for you Kendall.
I won't let him off the hook.
You need to see this whole burrito.
I don't even see a burrito in this shot.
That's because you're not looking.
There's always a burrito if you look close enough.
Hmm, I want to believe that.
I want to believe...
Okay, where is this?
Two fours...
God.
Why can't they just be labeled?
In less confusing numbers.
All right, it's thinking about downloading it now.
Burritos were Ozzy's favorite food.
Oh yeah, we didn't even cover that.
Unfortunately, Ozzy Osbourne passed.
But I'm sure you've probably heard.
RIP to a real one.
But hey, you had a crazy run at least.
Let's see.
Yeah, here we go.
I got it.
This is the last video unless I fucked up and it's the same video.
Pretty good.
It was starting to pop off, I could tell.
Trisha Piedas' new sun name.
Oh, Trisha Piedas.
You know, I mercifully didn't know who this was until recently.
Trisha Piedas' sun name.
Um, Malibu...
Trisha Piedas reveals shocking names she almost gave baby boy.
Oh, wait.
She named it Aquaman?
No one look it up.
Is it Aquaman?
On her podcast, Jess Trish.
She has two daughters, Amalibu, Barbie, and Elvis.
Okay.
She revealed her name by unzipping a hoodie, sweatshirt to reveal a pink bedazzled Aquaman t-shirt.
It's Aquaman.
And I said it loud and proud in the c-section room, Piedas said.
She named her son Aquaman.
So, I guess she's famous.
And also named her son Aquaman.
Whatever.
Arthur.
Arthur could be the nickname.
Or just man?
Or qua?
Oh, my boy qua.
Aquaman feels like the kind of name I would give like a frat bro off the top of my head.
So, I call him like Aquadurph or something.
Anyway, the baby looks fine.
Oh, my God, I'm hitting the wrong button several times in a row.
Here's the beautiful... Here's Aquaman in action, guys.
I'm not too good to cover celebrity news.
It was water related to a water theme movie and the name of the movie title itself.
Those were the hints.
Those are some incredible hints.
Listen, internet, you got a mystery to solve here.
I named my baby a movie title.
And not Carrie.
Don't worry, it's dumber than that.
At least she picked, uh, well, some people like Aquaman as a character.
She did kind of give her son what's classically sort of a joke comic character and tell more recently.
But to some people still is.
So...
But hey, he's going to have bigger hurdles to clear than his name.
Like all of us do.
That's not a commentary on Trisha Paytas.
Aquaman, he could call himself Aquaman.
He'll probably be famous.
He'll probably all be famous.
Honestly, one of them will probably be president.
We're probably going to have president Aquaman in a few years.
When he turns six, he's going to be president in a couple of years.
Just a...
Just a couple of years.
I vote for him.
I vote for Aquaman.
You don't know anything about him.
You just know it's a baby.
Yeah, I vote for him.
Yeah, I vote for a baby.
Baby Aquaman.
Namor is greater than Aquaman?
That's true because Namor has pterodactyl wings on his feet.
He has little birdie wings.
Same idea.
He's like a pterodactyl little wing on his feet.
And I think that's cool.
Look, we got to talk to the hate sock and get out of here for the day.
Apparently there was a quest, request, a request to talk to the hate sock
about the Epstein drama and I didn't get to it last week.
Unfortunately, I didn't get to it.
Kendall's leaving very wisely as I talked to the hate sock.
Kendall, thank you for sharing the videos.
I'll call you right after the stream because I love you.
Is that...
Is that fun to hear?
I love you, Kendall.
What the...
What the fuck was that?
Buzz buzz.
What the fuck are you doing?
I ain't got time for this bullshit.
What are you busy doing?
You wish.
What do I wish?
Get out of here.
I'm fucking busy.
All right, well, let's cut to it then.
The request is to get your opinion on the Epstein drama.
Is how it was phrased.
What's your opinion on all this drama?
Shut up.
These...
You don't care about the Epstein files?
You wish.
Do you...
Do you think it's...
That it'd be good if there was more publicly available information
released by the government?
Dumbass.
Do you have any functional opinion on...
Are you trying to say that you don't care about the Epstein files?
You wish.
So you do care.
Dumbass.
So you don't care?
You fucking wish.
Do you think President Donald Trump is involved in trafficking minors?
Dumbass.
He is?
You wish.
So you don't think he is.
Dumbass.
So you...
I'm not getting sucked into this.
Whatever.
Is this the best character?
Yep.
Nah.
You do think you are or you don't think you are?
You wish.
Okay.
I don't even know why I'm asking you questions.
I'm gonna just make statements.
I suspect that Donald Trump is involved in the Epstein files.
You wish.
There's gotta be something you can't respond you wish to.
I think you're dying.
I think you have cancer and you're dying.
You wish.
No, I guess...
Um...
Let's get married.
You wish.
Fuck.
What can I say that you can't respond to that too?
I don't wish.
You wish.
He's not a sock?
Dumbass.
Don't talk to my chat that way.
Dumbass.
You're talking to me that way.
You wish.
Is Munch on the list?
Yep.
Whoa.
Okay.
It's...
I don't know how to counter you wish.
There's gotta be something you can't respond to you wish to.
You wish.
Um...
I don't have any...
You wish.
You wish.
I...
Am...
Dead?
You wish.
Yeah, that doesn't work at all.
Uh...
Feed you pizza.
You wish.
I'm just gonna read chat.
Something in this camp you can't say you wish do.
Is Crumb on the list?
You wish.
Is Kevin on the list?
You wish.
So they're not?
Dumbass.
So they are?
Yep.
Oh, they're just on the list.
Yep.
I love you.
You wish.
Is Fiona on the list?
No.
Wow.
Okay.
You wish.
No, I wish...
I wish.
You wish.
I do wish.
You wish.
What's your favorite song?
You wish.
Is that a song?
That could be a song and then you're gonna be in trouble.
Because what if this isn't your favorite song?
Flying a box.
Yeah, it's a song.
You're saying this is your favorite song?
Don't you remember this song?
Is this your favorite song?
You wish.
Intern, do you have any questions?
Seeing as you've done almost nothing today for the hate suck?
Um...
What's up, man?
Not much.
You, um...
Wanna hang out later?
Sure.
Case can be a bummer, right?
Oh, yeah.
Anyway, I'm fucking bored.
Let's get out of here.
Yo, let's get the fuck out of here.
All right.
Let's see who's even on the raid.
I guess I'll play your favorite song on the way out of here.
I'll play the instrumental for you.
Cause this is your favorite song?
You wish.
Genozone.
You wish.
Dumbass.
What?
You wish.
Dumbass.
Okay.
You wish.
I appeared.
You wish.
What?
Dumbass.
You wish.
You can't have his voice.
I didn't.
Yes you did.
You wish.
He had your voice.
No, I didn't.
You wish.
What?
Dumbass.
You just...
You just had my voice.
You wish.
Dumbass.
Yep.
We need to raid somebody.
You wish.
I'm busy.
Dumbass.
Are you talking to him?
Of course not.
You wish.
All right.
I'm just going to see who's on.
It's a you wish raid.
Well, let's raid Gina for once.
We'll even though we've done it many times.
Say hi to Gina for me.
I can't believe this is your favorite song.
Dumbass.
Intern, could you be a little more polite to me, by the way?
I am while I ultimately just have to sign off on your college credits.
They're too late dude.
They're already are signed off on.
Dumbass.
I am eared.
You wish.
All right, everybody.
Thanks for hanging out.
I'll be back on tomorrow, possibly with a workout stream.
Well, there's a chance I'll get busy in a little time to set it up.
But I do at least want to stream tomorrow.
So hopefully I can at least get on with a normal stream.
And hate sock.
I guess thank you for being here.
Yeah, whatever.
Are we done?
Can I go?
You...
What's up?
You want to talk?
No, I wanted to talk before this.
While you were on the stream.
I'm busy.
What's up?
You're going to be nice to me now.
You're still on the stream, by the way.
Dumbass.