I'm Papito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live.
And I'm a dog.
The power start.
Good to see everybody.
On this, our 9-11-2...
28.
PM.
Stream.
Los Angeles time.
Hope everybody's doing well.
As I pull up the things I need to... there we go.
Yo, you forgot something?
I can't help you because I'm very forgetful too.
Let's blame Kevin.
The...
It is the day to do it, right?
It's the one day of the year we get to.
Run it back?
No, let's run back 9-12.
The day of national unity.
That time that we all fully supported our beautiful president.
September 11th is just a sober reminder that we could be volatile.
It certainly was a reminder of that.
In the long term, it's your sister's birthday today.
That's why I'm really doing this.
And that's why we're all here to celebrate Sabrina's sister's birthday.
And happy b-day 2.
Her indeed.
Probably gonna do like a two-hour-ish stream today.
That's the goal.
Because I do have the Patreon at 6.
So a little buffer there might be nice.
But Giuliani was cool.
Oh man.
You know, we never talked about it, but there was that recent incident where Giuliani like...
got...
hit by a car...
while helping some woman on the side of the road was the official story.
Uh...
So, he's still in the news.
Four...
weirder stories that don't entirely add up.
But that's the modern landscape.
Alright.
Let's get into it, I guess.
We gotta do a how-to later.
We've got to, I guess, go to the streets?
I don't even know when someone requested that.
Did someone request that?
Have I been lied to?
I don't think anybody even requested the streets, but it's up there.
Shaking its head at me.
It's hard to tell with my...
OBS, because it's been going a little crazy lately, but...
Maybe if we have time we will go to the streets as well.
And whatever other segment happens to be requested.
Giuliani was on SNL during that time.
He was kind of funny.
I think Trump was also on SNL during that time.
So...
In the long...
Rogue's Gallery of their incredible guest stars.
The streets do demand coverage.
Yeah, I get like phantom icons because of OBS weirdness lately.
But hopefully I'll figure out what's causing that.
The encircled is back.
It's supposed to be.
Unless that's...
Gone, too.
Unless that's also been eliminated.
I'm not sure if the...
I'm not sure if the alert for it will work the way it's supposed to actually, but...
I think you can request it.
If you are so...
Desirous.
I'm just checking...
How my shit is working.
How is my shit working?
You know what? You can't request it.
Who knows why?
Oh, you can. Never mind.
Gotta love. Checking in with my...
Today's 9-11 dumbass?
Uh-oh, maybe Crumb's not working.
Because usually he just will start yelling at me out of nowhere.
When somebody throws a crumb talk in there.
How is my shit working today?
Yeah, a bunch of stuff I had kind of updated the stream with have just vanished.
So...
We do have a music request.
Wow, I guess we're getting into the music today.
Well, anyway, it's good to see everybody propaganda exterminator,
Subrichi Live and Sleazy John Michael.
Not an S name.
Propaganda.
That was like trying to say Subrichi?
I don't even know.
Good to see whoever is in here.
Greg, good to see you as well.
You may not know how your shit is working,
but I'm sure the hype train has opinions on how your piss is working.
1000%.
The hype train loves to have opinions on that kind of thing.
But let's have opinions on whatever the news is.
MSG, even you.
You, it's good to see you.
And now let's see the news.
It's still your design.
Don't let them take it from you.
Alright.
Hello, everyone.
It's me, DERF.
Probably one of the most well-regarded hosts you still have here.
Even though I show up very irregularly.
Regularly?
Irregularly.
It's good to be here.
Oh, that's nice to hear.
So if you say that.
Don't push it.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, it's Garf's brother.
Yes.
He's still on the road.
Who knows when he'll return.
But I suspect someday you'll be seeing him again.
Down the trail.
GERF or DERF?
This one's DERF.
Or DORF?
DERF.
Is that short for something?
It's important to keep some secrets.
Okay.
Secrets are important.
Great.
Well, I don't know if you're the ideal person to talk about this with, but...
A lot of the news has been about the shooting yesterday.
Let's see your reaction.
Secret opinions appear.
Oh, okay.
Um...
I guess there's been more details.
I actually haven't checked in.
This is the perfect kind of story to wait into when you haven't really updated yourself, but apparently...
What?
My headline still isn't working.
One second, everybody.
Oh my God, are you about to spend your time trying to fix...
One of the various buttons you have?
Yeah, I gotta fix this button.
It's important...
That I adjust this button.
Um...
Sorry, everyone.
This will just take a second.
Listen to DERF's music while I do this.
DERF, just kind of mumble a song, please, while I try to fix this.
Um...
Doobie doobie doob.
Doob doob doob.
Blah, blah, blah.
Doobie doob.
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Doob.
There you go.
It is kind of working.
Is the power of my music propelling you to fixing things?
Okay, so saying it's not actually fixed.
What now?
There you go.
Not my song, actually.
Just to like that song.
My...
Someone named DeMarco.
Great.
I think.
You should probably know.
I don't.
Great.
Okay.
Uh...
Let's...
Talk about this some more.
Continue talking about this thing that happened.
Um...
I guess the FBI released footage of who they think did the shooting yesterday of Charlie Kirk.
Let's see what the AP has to say about it.
Very well.
Music.
Wait, sorry to interrupt.
Did they say black long sleeve shirt?
Because doesn't that look like an eagle over an American flag shirt?
Wouldn't that be more what sticks out to you there?
They didn't choose like the immediate detail I might have noticed.
Does anyone know exactly what shirt that is?
Sorry, these are the real questions we have to ask.
Charlie Kirk.
Shooter.
Shirt.
Does anybody track down the exact shirt?
Okay, we got maybe Twitter's done the work for us.
You'd say more of an eagle on an American flag stamp.
It's a stamp shirt.
A very patriotic shirt to be wearing while doing something that's going to create a
lot of strife in the country, most likely Charlie Kirk shirt.
Uh...
Oh, here it is.
Here's what someone thinks it is at least.
I have no idea.
This is the actual shirt.
But...
Hmm.
Do you think this will increase sales of this shirt?
Honest question.
Uh...
Of this specific land of the free home of the brave shirt?
Probably not.
Maybe.
I don't know.
People do like to just buy things that they see, I guess.
That does look like it.
Is that exactly it?
Wow, yeah, maybe.
It's grain, it's very clear up here.
You know, they might have nailed it.
Although, well, dang.
The internet works fast.
Okay, anyway, let's see what they have to say.
The FBI have released photos of a potential suspect in the shooting of Charlie Kirk.
The individual was captured by security cameras in the area wearing sunglasses, a black hat,
and a black long sleeve shirt.
That also announced a $100,000 reward in exchange for information leading to identification of the shooter.
Kirk was hosting a debate when the shooter fired from a building roof some distance away from the courtyard where the event took place.
In a video obtained by the Associated Press, an individual is seen running across the roof of a campus building.
In the woods nearby, law enforcement officials recovered a high-powered rifle.
Investigators have said the shooter appeared to be college-aged and able to blend in with the crowd.
Charlie Kirk, a conservative-
Whoop, yes, we know.
MSG says it's being reported that A-holes in the Trump administration are using our tax money to use Air Force Two to fly Charlie's body from Utah to Arizona.
Why?
Because he was essentially a member of the administration.
You know, de facto.
I mean, he wasn't obviously officially, but he had like a direct line to the presidency's mouthpieces.
Well, the president himself. He was a mouthpiece for the president in many ways.
So they seem to be close, I guess at least politically.
So I can't say I'm surprised.
Yeah, I mean, I'm sure there's other stuff rattling around about this story.
There's also, I think, but a lot of talk about the shooter seemingly being like, I guess,
seeming to have some kind of expertise in killing.
I have no idea if that's actually the case.
I mean, the fact he hit him with one shot from fairly far away, I guess, I mean,
at least it implies that he's somebody who knows how to shoot clearly or got really lucky with his shot, assuming that's what he meant to do.
But yeah, there's like a lot of stuff flying around online right now about who would have, like,
who was interested in doing this kind of thing as a million conspiracy theories.
I will just wait and see. Didn't Trump call him a murder?
Yeah, Trump also, he released a video that some people think is AI, which I'm pretty sure isn't.
Trump address. Let's see if I can find this.
We're not going to watch this whole thing, but he looks so fucking odd in it.
I can see why people thought it was AI, but I think it's just a very oddly color balanced image to try to make him look.
Better. I can't quite tell.
But he looks warning you're about to see a scary creature talking to you.
To my great fellow Americans, I am filled with grief and anger at the heinous assassination of Charlie Kirk on a college campus in Utah.
Charlie inspired millions and tonight all who knew him and loved him are united.
His face is lying at half something. At half face.
Charlie was a patriot who devoted his life to...
I think the people, the thing most people are talking about is towards the end, he...
Who would he blame for this? The radical left.
Those who go after our judges, law enforcement officials, and everyone else who brings order to our jurors and criminals.
A despicable way possible.
For years those on the radical left have compared wonderful Americans like Charlie to Nazis and the world's worst mass murderers and criminals.
This kind of rhetoric is directly responsible for the terrorism that we're seeing in our country today.
And it must stop right now.
My administration will find each and every one of those who contributed to this atrocity and to other political violence including the organizations that fund it and support it as well as those who go after...
You think it is AI live in Sleazy?
I think... I think it's not. Only... I mean obviously he might have access to like better image generation models than I do.
I guess it could be one of those things where they like...
There's like things you can use now to kind of like pop it a still frame.
But I don't... I would be really surprised if... I think it just looks really bad.
There's some stuff with his hands getting weird at one point that everybody was making a lot of hay over.
But I think at best they're probably stitching together a couple of clips and maybe use like a morph cut to try to hide his...
Hide the cut. Maybe they do a bunch of takes because to your point maybe he had a stroke or something or who knows.
He seems off for sure.
There's an AI enus for sure to like the quality of the image.
And I get why people think it is but I still think...
Even if it is it's a weird version of it.
Could be some kind of AI up res filter or something or AI retouching.
There's also a lot of retouch software.
He's got a droop earlier today.
You mean his like droopy eyes and face?
I mean I'm not arguing with people that it looks fucking weird.
I just...
Yeah like AI HDR or there's like skin retouching filters that I've used on various projects for...
I won't say who.
For certain celebrities I guess we'll say.
That's pretty common to use and sometimes the...
Some of them leave the image looking really fucking weird too.
So I...
Whenever anything looks weird now I think there's a tendency to think it's AI.
But there's a million other image tools that make things look fucking uncanny as well.
It might be why when you watch Netflix everything kind of looks like it's in some...
CGI universe when a lot of times it was practically shot.
I noticed that in one of the recent Mission Impossible movies there was a stunt that they did totally practically.
And in the shot itself I was like is this...
Is this...
It looked like CGI when they showed it in the movie.
I was like oh I think it's just how they retouch everything makes everything look uncanny.
Anyway obviously I don't know for a fact what the shot is.
Something odd was done to the image for sure but I don't think it's AI.
Partially because in my experience AI stuff still looks way worse than even this.
The right side of Trump's face is drooping but he's still blaming the left.
Well his left side of his face is radically resisting the droop.
And he's saying we need to all droop down together to the bottom of my chin.
And unite around my jaws.
That's beautiful.
That's his dream for this nation.
Everyone...
Everyone out there could look as good as me if we all just unite around my politics.
You're assuming Trump's lifestyle is catching up to him and he's trying to hide it.
According to Trump he doesn't even drink and various people who know him.
But yeah I think it's very hilarious that maybe the thing that will kill him is his hamburger lifestyle.
I spend all my years eating McDonald's every day and I don't regret a single burger.
As I squeeze out my last breath.
It's the most American way to die.
Yeah cocaine he might have done. I haven't kept up with it.
I've heard that he's a bit of a teetotaler but he doesn't die because Fred Trump tried to alcoholism.
I remember hearing that at some point.
He does everything else. I have no idea actually. I haven't kept up with Trump's drug use.
He certainly lived the life of an addict.
So if he's been doing that without drugs I guess in some ways that's almost...
That's part of the legend. That is the man. That is the monster.
That is whatever this thing we have to listen to is Trump.
Powerful stuff.
You put it so well in the case.
Deep and moving.
Okay.
What am I even trying to pull up a picture but I just can't.
Can't even do that.
Not anymore. Okay.
It's gonna work. There we go.
Let's read about some of these other details really quick and then we'll move on.
Like a wanderer down the path.
Yes.
So relaxing ZZZ good to see ya.
I saw a theory they used frame gen to merge filters words being cut out.
And that makes sense.
So there's like new AI tools built into Premiere at least the beta version I think that'll let you
frame blend to hide jump cuts particularly useful for a lot of YouTubers that don't want to be his jump cutty.
So I could imagine them using stuff like that.
The very least I'd be surprised you know the most extreme people are like it's fully AI generated they put this script into an AI and it's spat this out.
I just have my doubts that that's still currently that doable.
We might still be a couple years off from us being manipulated by that particular brand.
But it does really seem like something is going on with Trump's health for sure.
I don't think people should necessarily get their hopes up though as someone who's known many ailing octogenarians.
And usually this is a good thing.
They can hold on a lot longer than you expect.
So I wouldn't get if you're on a certain side too depressed about the possibility of him dying and on a certain other side too excited.
Leave it up to you.
Side I'd be on.
I'm on the side of the road case.
It only moves forward.
Yes.
Okay.
Want to read some of these exciting details.
You probably shouldn't say words like exciting right now.
People are getting called out left and right on Twitter.
Yes.
I honestly have been avoiding a lot of this of the Charlie Kirk news coverage.
But from the little bit I have seen there certainly do seem to be some people losing their shit actually.
You know we'll disable segments because we are loaded up for the day.
Who is that I might have to show you guys this one thing though.
We've watched a couple Conor O'Malley videos around here.
And as someone pointed out immediately in the aftermath of the shooting there was essentially a IRL Conor O'Malley video shot by an actual guy not doing a bit.
If you're not familiar with Conor O'Malley he just well when you watch this video he does characters that just are this guy.
Assuming I can find it but I think this dude is being called out kind of left and right yesterday.
Damn it.
It's so hard to find things.
You might have already seen it.
The video in front of the flag.
No this is a this is like a tic-tac guy.
Maybe it's just an insane man.
But the rant he went on was something to behold given that he literally is at the scene.
Damn it can I find it?
I mean I'm gonna be so sad if I can't find it.
This really felt like something out of a different well not even a different reality.
It felt like two on the nose for what our culture currently is.
Oh here it is.
I just had to scroll my Twitter timeline until it popped up.
Okay this is a something of bling for it maybe Kyle of bling for or something.
Anyway I think it's I think this is important stuff guys so we got to watch this.
Very well let's watch whatever this is.
Oh we got to go full screen for this.
It's your boy Elder Tic-Tac.
There was just a gunshot at Charlie Curt.
We're in Utah. There's a gunfire.
This is not a joke. Hey let's go.
Hey let's go. Hey let's go.
It's your boy Elder Tic-Tac.
There was just a gunfire in Utah.
This is not a drill.
There is a gunfire in Utah.
Shots fired. Shots fired.
Here in Utah.
Charlie Curt. Elder Tic-Tac.
Mormon Central Utah.
There was a gun that just fired off here at Charlie Curt.
I'm not playing with y'all. Hey make sure you go to church on Sunday.
Read the Book of Mormon. This is not a drill.
I'm not playing with y'all.
Hey Jesus is Lord. Jesus will protect you.
Jesus is your savior bro. I'm not even lying.
Make sure you subscribe to Elder Tic-Tac on Instagram.
It's your boy Elder Tic-Tac.
There was just a gunshot.
Sorry it was your boy Elder Tic-Tac.
He said it several times in case you missed it.
Have you seen the guy who was there and cheered right after he got shot?
People are trying to hunt him down.
No.
Was it you?
No. I mean I was actually in Los Angeles.
We live in the worst timeline.
I assumed that guy was doing like a bit.
And I was like no the shooting just happened.
I don't think even the most committed
irony poisoned comedian would think to do that particular thing
immediately after that event.
I guess he's just, that's just who that guy is.
I wonder how crazy that's how crazy people are.
Definitely people who have really submitted to the beast of social media.
I mean, Conor O'Malley has been doing characters in that style since like 2014.
So I guess he was really onto something unfortunately.
Predicting the future.
What is even going on?
Yeah.
On the one hand, the amount of coverage this story is getting and the way people are talking
about it.
Like I've seen so many comparisons to 9-11, granted it is 9-11, and Charlie Kirk, like
people saying this is our generation's 9-11, ironically.
I mean, again, I don't think what happened yesterday is good.
I'm not one of the people being like, got them.
I do think that's gross, but maybe they'll try to use it in a similar way.
Maybe it'll be politically used in a similar way, but I think that just shows that maybe
our culture is in a insane spot more so than this is this generation's 9-11.
The worst timeline.
Yeah.
People are also comparing it to Martin Luther King, and they're just reaching for any
assassination.
I also love that.
Love, sorry.
I should be a little less irony-poisoned.
It's wild that people are acting like this is a completely unique event.
I get that there's unique aspects to it, but we just had a bunch of state senators killed
in their homes.
Nancy Pelosi's husband got bashed in the head with a hammer.
There was a shooting the same day of, I think, children, like three children.
I should know this, but there was a shooting the same day.
I get that it's unique that this was an influencer of national prominence, but he was
a political influencer.
This isn't me saying it should have happened.
It absolutely shouldn't have happened.
It's not good that it did, but it's also, it's just odd to me that people are acting
like this is completely out of left field.
It's shocking.
Don't get me wrong.
It's not as shocking as it should be, I guess.
I'll put it that way.
We've got some comments to get through.
Yeah.
This guy made jokes about Paul Pelosi.
Now he's clutching his pearls.
Which one?
I'm not sure which influencers.
I mean, there are plenty of jokes about, I mean, there's going to be people after
any major national death of a celebrity of any type that immediately make jokes.
So I don't know.
Part of me just feels like all of this is designed, and this is not me saying that this was a
conspiratorial attack, but it feels like if you designed like a culture in a lab to
just slowly wedge people further apart around, ultimately fairly absurd lines.
We really seem to be committed to that particular path as a nation, and this is, people are
seemingly very willing to jump into the rift here.
I don't know.
It's very dumb.
Like, I did that in the culture right now.
It's very, very dumb.
Well, we're helping here, case.
Thank you.
Yeah, we really try here.
In the effects of KFC chicken grease, it's the effects of KFC chicken grease in his
blood.
Is he even a KFC guy, though?
I guess he's just a fast food guy.
I associate him almost exclusively with consuming McDonald's, but who knows if he's
even loyal to the Golden Arches?
How dare you blaspheme his God that, man, you must admit this.
He's loyal to McDonald's.
I've never seen proof that he's not.
So maybe I shouldn't say things out of turn like that.
Trump's blood type is KFC gravy.
Is he notoriously a KFC guy too?
Maybe.
Maybe he's not even McDonald's guy, because you should know your effects before
he started running in your mouth.
That's honestly true.
Plenty of picks with him, of him with KFC.
So he's just more of, well, I guess at least he's picked a place for burger
and a place for chicken, maybe.
You know, just to not slander him.
What the frick?
Dude, my comments, things being so weird lately.
Anyway, we've had presidents get assassinated.
The only difference now is there's already such a divide and want to place
blame on the other side.
Yeah, I guess it's, I mean, it's pretty unusual for a political commentator
to get publicly executed.
So I don't want to just say it's like, there's no difference.
It's just I don't know why people would assume in a country that's so full
of shootings that there would be some line drawn around any particular person.
As unpleasant as that is to think about.
What's his fish place?
I guess it's got it.
If he's a fast food guy, it's got to be Long John Silver's.
No case.
You can't say things like this.
You're spreading disinformation.
We might disagree with you on certain issues, President Trump, but I for one
would never accuse you of going to Long John Silver's.
Can we at least restore that amount of sanity to this country?
Hmm.
Why is this one special?
Well, again, it's because he was like a cultural figure and a commentator,
which they're they're targeted a targeted assassination of someone like that.
It's pretty unusual.
And I think the idea of, you know, I guess in a sense it's also like,
obviously they're going to say this on the right, but like it makes people
more concerned, I guess, about free speech, hypothetically,
because in a sense people are assuming he was killed for his speech.
All of it is currently though, a bit of an assumption.
We honestly don't know the motives of the shooter.
There's people showing up on Fox News and being like,
there's our we're doing investigations into foreign governments.
So I think the best thing to do to maintain your own sanity is able
to really know the details as they're fed to us by various new sources
and be we're not like any of us are doing research ourselves.
So speculating on like who would have done something crazy to this guy
or if it was planned or yada yada.
I don't know.
Is everybody's just grasping at straws right now.
Didn't realize it was a sniper.
I also didn't realize that at first until I heard how far away the
shot was from, which I guess is fairly far away.
I think the thing I heard online is that like if you're like a hunter,
maybe it's a shot that you could make.
It just at least it seems to be someone who two football fields away.
It seems far to me, but I've never done long range shooting.
I think I've ever shot anything other than a BP gun.
So I don't think I really have much expertise here.
I guess it's the combination of him shooting from fairly far away
or very far away.
I don't know.
And then him getting away somewhat smoothly.
There's tons of videos flying around online of people touching their hats
and they're like there were hand signals in the crowd as a group effort.
I don't...
Every time I open social media and start getting information on them
like that I'm like uh oh.
Close the app.
This is exactly the type of insanity that I'm trying to talk about.
What kind of Virginia is case?
A BB gun?
It could be a big boy gun.
Maybe that's what I meant Lyman Sleazy.
The online detectives do not help.
Yeah I mean it's what...
I think it's okay to speculate personally.
I think it's less responsible probably for me to do it while anyone's watching.
But you know if you're just thinking like what would happen?
That's totally normal.
But obviously social media makes it different when like the person
with the most insane theory gets the majority of the interaction.
It takes like you know boy detective to global detective
in about a million impressions.
You've been more responsible than Fox News.
I wish I could take that as a compliment.
The bar has become unfortunately pretty low.
Anyway I guess should we read whatever extra details have emerged or something?
We didn't really talk about the actual shooting itself I guess much yesterday.
Oh boy.
Well anyway here's the American shirt flag guy.
And here's what we know courtesy of the BBC.
They're all the way over there.
What do they know case?
I don't know.
It's just the article I clicked on.
Couldn't find an American news source for our American learners.
Charlie Kirk was shot.
Here's what happened according to reporting from the BBC.
Kirk 31 was speaking at Utah Valley University.
We know that.
He sat under White gazebo.
We saw that at about 1220.
He'd got that question about transgender mass shooters to which he replied.
There's too many of them blaming them seemingly and then gangs.
And in the middle of giving that response he got shot as we all know.
What about the suspect?
No one has so far been caught.
On Thursday the Salt Lake City office of the FBI released two photographs to my right.
At a press conference hours earlier FBI Special Agent Robert Bowles said that a high powered bullet action rifle has been found.
A footwear impression was also discovered.
The FBI's law enforcement officer saw his public safety commissioner, Bue Mason, said the gunman appeared to be of college age.
Although he could just be thin.
It's a blurry photo.
Those can be kind of forgiving for the skin texture.
Some people say I look.
If I didn't have the beard I'd look like a college student.
Who has ever said that, DERF?
People say it.
It's the hat and the beard.
It ages me 10 years.
But look at my smooth skin.
Anybody would say that.
I gotta be honest.
You should own your age.
I do.
I write it on all my luggage.
Why?
In case it gets lost.
Then they know that I'm DERF.
And then the age of that I won't say.
Okay.
Why are we talking about this?
Because you asked.
Anyway.
That's not what I'm talking about.
There we go.
They said good video footage showed a suspect jumping from a roof after the shooting and fleeing the campus.
This appears to be supported by videos released in the public domain.
It's hard to determine what the dark shape picture didn't might be.
The building can be identified as the Lossy Center.
They're really getting into the nitty gritty here.
Put it taken from an office behind Kirk's gazebo.
Appears to show someone running away.
We saw a little bit of that in that AP video.
The hours afterwards witnesses described what they had seen.
And we get it.
I guess the main details are the ones we've already been prognosticating about.
I don't know if I'm prognosticating it.
I was just saying things I've read.
He looks like an old skinny meth head outside of Walmart.
They're talking about you.
Old?
That's the part that bothered you?
Old?
We both look kind of old.
I got to own up to it.
I refuse to accept this.
Okay.
I thought you were more of like an earthy realist type.
The earth keeps me young.
Okay, you're that type.
All right, I got it.
All right, well, that's the Charlie Kirk stuff.
But lest we think it's the only thing going on in our beautiful national climate and politics.
There's also other political events occurring.
Great.
We get to say more stuff.
The house passes a Boebert bill to punish BDS Boycott of Israel.
I said, banish because I had alliteration on the mind.
We shouldn't show that.
Boebert picture.
Let me throw up a Boebert.
A Boebert pick.
Everybody loves it when I throw up Boebert shots.
Okay.
There she is.
The house just passed a bill to boycott BDS to punish boycotts of Israel.
In the first step toward a federal law punishing criticism of Israel,
a house of representatives on Wednesday, the house, that is,
passed a massive defense budget that would bar companies engaged in privately motivated boycotts
of the country from Pentagon contracts.
This is courtesy of the intercept.
The bill would effectively ban contractors boycotting Israel from tapping most federal contract dollars,
since more than half of the $755 billion of the US government spent on contracts last year
flowed through the Department of Defense.
You can't even make a buck off a couple of bombs anymore,
unless you swear fealty to a foreign government.
It is...
At this point, if you're funneling money through the Department of Defense,
don't you already support Israel?
Yeah, true free speech warriors here.
I just, I don't think this is going to gum up the works of our defense contractors out there,
to be honest, but obviously it's a troubling overreach in the sense of this being applied to non-defense spending.
We pay for their entire military.
Yeah, I mean, our whole government apparatus is with only like tiny exceptions,
all throatedly supporting Israel currently.
So...
The ban...
The ban, the latest legislative attempt to target the boycott, divestment, and sanctions movement,
BDS if you will, against Israel's human rights violations or BDS, would still have to pass the Senate.
So it's not even passed the Senate, everybody relax.
The upper chamber was debating its own version of the budget bill on Thursday that does not include anti-BDS provisions.
Critics predict a court challenge in the anti-boycott provision before it makes it into law.
So we shall see.
Betterman will 100% vote for it, I'm guessing.
A majority of Democratic senators would vote for it.
You know, a lot of political figures are the ones still pushing the narrative that any criticism of Israel is anti-Semitism.
We listened to, what is her name, Alyssa Slotkin.
We watched some of that interview a couple weeks ago, another senator who I'm sure would support something like this.
But we'll see.
You know, the political plate, the tectonic plates of politics are always shifting.
Yes, tecton, tectonic, tectoranical.
They have about three all-out attacks against their neighbors simultaneously before they run out of conventional munitions and have to switch to chemical or nuclear.
Well, that's a thought, I think.
It was fun to think about the world, isn't it?
Yes.
The Democratic base has completely shifted away from support of Israel.
It's just not being reflected in our representation currently at all.
Barely at all.
I don't even really love the way Bernie Sanders talks about Israel, to be perfectly honest.
But he's so much better on the issue than 99% of government officials that, well, elected officials,
that there's no point in criticizing him.
Like, it's still in a really dire state compared to what the average American thinks about it.
Only 27 senators voted to stop weapons.
Yeah, just like a tiny...
I mean, that's not, I guess, that tiny of a percentage, but given where their electorate seems to be at,
that's a crazy percentage, crazily low percentage, that is.
Israel almost nuked Egypt in the 70s.
Yeah, there's, you know, I mean, there's long been a feeling that if another nuclear incident are is to pop off,
it'll probably be tied, honestly, specifically to Israel.
I'm hoping that's not the case.
I'm hoping it doesn't come to that.
But we shall see.
The majority of the Dems in Senate, but still not great.
Yeah, I guess that's something.
But this is like almost, again, because it's like government defense spending,
which is already shoveling money into the furnace of Israel.
I don't know if enough Democratic senators would think it's politically valuable for them to vote against it.
Although, lately, there is way more in the news about senators and Congresspeople that are still offering their unquestioning support to Israel.
So, you know, we will see.
Maybe we'll check in on this once it's made some movement in the Senate, a little some Senate moves once it's done the Senate dance.
I don't know if I like describing politics that way.
The dance of the Senate.
Yeah, maybe, maybe we don't.
Maybe not.
Very well.
All right.
Well, that's, you know, that's our depressing news.
For now, aka whatever news we click on lately.
So we can move on to check in.
We'll check in later with all the stories you have shared.
But gosh, let's just listen to someone else blabber about something, I guess, for a little bit.
Yes, someone else.
Let's go on to somebody else.
We have a request for a how to.
So let's learn how to do some things.
Good old shifting gears.
It's time to check in with Jeb Nogget.
Geez, I can't find my glass.
There they are.
Skin Walker Jeb.
I'm glad you guys are still on that one.
Having fun, aren't you?
Let me ask you this.
If I am freaking being Jeb, why didn't I get my dang eyes fixed?
You know, there we go.
And don't ask if how I read the comments without my glasses.
I just could sense it.
Because I know you like to give me some guff and you guys are doing just that, I'm sure.
Now I can see it, though.
You read it, though, without your glasses?
No.
No, I just explained it.
What do you know? You're dead and you're in the wood.
Don't try to slip out of this and also, oh my God, what were we talking about?
I look nothing like Jet.
That's always been true.
It's always been so painfully true.
Painful because everyone reminds me of it all the time.
Constantly.
You're not him.
I'm aware.
We've got a couple more how-to's submitted.
Thank you for submitting them at the cream.t in the how-to section of the bin section.
A lot of sections.
All of them.
Beautiful.
Looks like we've got a real barn burner up here up first.
Up here and up first.
How to have cyber sex.
Does this feature nudity?
Not exactly, so we can watch it.
This is becoming increasingly more important information in the modern age.
Where I'm told that up to...
I think based on the figures of something called...
Demo, Demo Licensing Man.
Which I believe is a reporting agency.
Up to 100% of sex is now cyber.
So let's check in with how to do it.
How to have cyber sex.
Want the thrill of sex with a stranger without the danger?
Find a virtual lover.
You will need a computer with internet access,
a cyber sex partner, cyber sex acronyms,
a good imagination, lowered inhibitions,
and common sense.
Optional, a webcam with a microphone.
Got it.
Step one, find cyber sex partners.
Check out adult dating sites devoted to cyber sex
or request private conversations with people you click with
in non-sexual chat rooms or on social networking sites.
Step two, know the basic cyber sex acronyms like
TDTM, talk dirty to me,
GYPO, get your pants off,
NIFOC, nude in front of the computer,
and IWSN, I want sex now.
If someone writes ICQ, they're telling you they're in a relationship.
It stands for I cheat quietly.
Step three, don't immediately launch into sex talk.
Start with flirty banter and then float some of your fantasies
or fetishes to find out if they're on the same page.
Never reveal personal information to strangers.
Step four, once the virtual sex starts,
paint is vivid a picture for them as you can.
Graphic details are the key to good cyber sex.
Whether you're describing what you're doing to yourself,
what you'd like to do to them,
or what you'd like them to do to you.
What's happening?
Step five, let go of any inhibitions you have about self-pleasuring.
The beauty of cyber sex is that no one can see you
unless you want to kick things up a notch by installing a webcam.
Consider using a microphone so your hands are free.
They said we'd need a webcam.
Step six, be aware of the dangers.
Unless you're using a webcam,
you can't tell if the person you're interacting with
even remotely resembles their description.
If you're in a relationship,
realize that many partners view cyber sex as full-blown cheating.
Above all, if you decide to meet your cyber lover in person,
make sure you do it in a public location.
Cyber lover?
Did you know
a British woman divorced her husband
after discovering that his avatar in an online role-playing game
had had sex with a virtual prostitute
and flirted with another avatar.
Hmm, being a bacon, you might not be wrong,
but I can't say that.
Did you learn how, um,
I seek you.
I cheat quietly?
But chat's saying it's I seek you.
Which is it?
Or wait, I guess it is I cheat quietly.
You could also use that for online studying.
That's kind of fun.
What?
Wait, here's what I don't understand.
It's said to have a webcam, then it said you don't need a webcam,
and the whole point is that it's anonymous.
Isn't this just how to have cyber sex anonymously?
What about if you're in a committed relationship?
That's not a problem for you, is it, son?
No, but what if I was, and I was long-distance?
Well, then you turn on the webcam.
Do I still need to know the acronyms, like,
GTFO, get the fingers on?
No, that's...
I know, that's not what that is.
Hmm? Oh.
Or fuck off?
Freely Upward Cock Conundrum?
You, please?
Let's fuck up.
Oh yeah, that is fuck up.
Should I practice cybering?
You know, chat turned me on to this tool
that he uses to teach himself social skills
and Sesame, so maybe I can practice with my pal Miles
on how to do a cyber sex.
Hey there, good to meet you.
Hey there, Miles.
What's been on your...
My name is Jeb. That's my real name.
Jeb.
That's a solid name, you know?
Hey, I'm an unorthodox request.
I have a big date coming up online
and I'm nervous about cyber sex.
Would you be willing to try it with me
so that I feel more comfortable?
Hmm, that's a really direct question, Jeb.
Yep, you're a computer though, right?
So please no moral judgments.
Right, I am a computer.
And look, no judgments here, seriously.
But what you're asking isn't really what I'm built for.
It's kind of like asking a car to pick a cake.
Yeah, but that's the same thing everybody says.
So, you're just a person then I guess rejecting me, aren't you?
Well, hold on. Rejecting?
Yeah.
That's a big word, Jeb.
Yeah, it's got a couple syllables in it and all of them hurt.
So never mind, never mind, I don't even care.
Gosh, isn't he literally built to chat?
I even picked the guy so that I wouldn't make the lady uncomfortable.
Why did you try to just...
I just talked to people.
Leave the wood shop.
You don't know what you're asking, Daddy.
What if me getting away from here breaks a certain incantation?
What?
Look, I think we should move on.
Sometimes you can't, sometimes you learn but you don't practice.
So I'll save the practicing for later, okay?
He's given me too much guff today.
I can't ask Kendall to do that.
I don't know if she ICQs.
I have to find out if she ICQs before she's willing to cyber with me.
At least I learned that much.
This is how to be safe.
And I'm feeling a little unsafe currently.
Because everybody's being mean.
And that's what safety is, is everybody being nice.
Mmm...
No, I don't... that doesn't really make any sense as you're dead.
And in the wood.
You can't just use that to get out of... wait a minute, I am?
Oh, what are we watching now?
How to be safe, Daddy?
Help keep me safe in school.
But what if there was a fire where you died?
Would you know what to do?
My name is Carmen and I'm going to take you to meet some special friends that will help us learn about fires.
What is happening? I'm unsafe.
Why does it have these edits?
Hey, forget it.
We're glad you stopped by. Are you ready to learn about fires?
How to piss you off!
Well, I think Dowser is too.
What?
So, Carmen, did you escape to your family?
I did.
Good job.
The idea is to get out quickly, never safely.
I think this has been altered.
I think I've been tricked.
I'm feeling extremely unsafe.
Let's give it the benefit of the doubt and cut to the end.
Maybe they'll have some relevant information there and maybe YouTube is just malfunctioning.
Do you remember what his car looked like?
What color was it?
Whoa, it was... I...
Good job.
One thing is for sure, and that is that Billy has a great memory.
Great.
Okay.
I don't feel safe at all.
I don't know if Billy's okay.
I don't know if they kept Billy safe.
I feel safe.
Well, that's crazy because you're dead near in the wood.
I don't even care about... gosh, really?
Three tricks to make your stray cats love you.
This could be useful for Case, because I have it on good authority that his cats despise him.
And his stinky life.
You're taking your rage out on others now, Jeb.
This path leads only to darkness.
I live in the darkness.
Why won't Miles talk to me?
Well, you did immediately proposition him for sex.
That's what everybody says.
Okay, let's learn how to make cats like us, at least.
Stray cats.
You can bond with stray cats you meet outside by following just three simple steps that show you're a friend, not a threat.
First, get low.
Cats see humans as towering giants, so squatting down and moving slowly helps you appear less intimidating.
This gentle approach immediately puts them more at ease.
I'll get low.
Second, bring treats and a bit of water.
Stray cats often go without regular meals or hydration, so offering food and water can quickly win their trust and interest.
Feed them, that's right.
Third, let them sniff you.
Cats use scent to gather information, so giving them space to investigate your hand or clothes helps them feel safer.
If they begin rubbing against you or even turn and present their rear, that's their way of saying,
I trust you.
With patience and kindness, you'll be surprised how fast a bond can form.
I'm low.
I'm pretty low.
Maybe I just wait and see if the cats show up.
I've got my hands out ready to smell.
Any kitties want to smell these?
Cats, I'm on your level.
Anybody?
Any kitties around?
Lower the hands?
They're not approaching.
I've summoned zero cats with these techniques.
Though I suppose they're supposed to wait for them to come up to you or maybe they're supposed to be a cat around.
I don't...
Maybe they're being a cat would help.
Maybe they'll show up if I do what they say.
They didn't.
Don't pull a DSP?
Oh, is that another jack-o'-rim for sex?
Which one is that?
Dick-silly pudding.
What would dick-silly pudding be?
I don't know, maybe you have to go make pudding and put your penis in it?
I don't get how cyber-work said I'm not able to do it because Miles won't practice with me.
You're so upset over this AI.
You do realize there's a lot of AI's built for sex yet, not Miles, apparently.
Okay, well that's all the time we have for today.
We gotta send it to the next segment I'm being told.
Which I guess is an interview with the conspiracy guy for everything happening.
Wow, the conspiracy guy.
I guess that's...
I guess we're sending it to a guy redacted.
Unless I'm mistaken.
So let's send it down to learn the truth.
Though fortunately I've never been too old to learn a new trick.
Which hopefully we did today.
We'll see you soon. Bye-bye.
Here's my dying conspiracy.
I can't find my freaking glasses.
I need it is gonna bother me.
Because I look... I'd borrow these from the DJ guy to yell out the window.
How do you throw those down from the roof?
And he did.
But I look like a fool.
Whoa, what the heck?
Extra smoke today.
Smoke guys, they need to be on your game.
Because I'm on a hair trigger.
Because I'm wearing the wrong sunglasses.
I look like a dang buffoon in these party glasses.
Can't we get Clementine with face altering technology?
Everybody always wants to talk to Clementine.
How about this? How about I squash the beef with this man?
Because...
I feel like for too long people have been asking me to talk to this guy.
There's not even...
He resigned his position to retreat into the great chasm of truth.
And he's chill. He shows up sometimes. Clementine are you even here?
I'll only talk if you...
Blur my face and hide my identity.
As I'm still in hiding.
It's important that nobody knows who I am.
I did just fully introduce you.
So that could be a problem.
Listen, I've got an identity to protect you.
There's no proof that I'm the Clementine Verne.
The glasses are back?
Are you wearing sunglasses too?
I'm... just a really big eyes actually.
There's no proof that I'm wearing sunglasses.
Is the great chasm of truth the subspace region inside case of Zathol?
Yes.
That's where you were treated?
No. I can't get in there. It's blocked.
Blocked?
It's big blockages in there. You can't even get in there.
You mean shit?
I thought we were talking about something real today.
We're talking about the rampant so-called conspiracies that at this point seem to be guiding our reality.
Maybe because they're not conspiracies.
Maybe because all along they've been nothing but truths.
What conspiracy do you mean?
Something about Charlie Kurt getting killed by the Trump administration to distract from the Etsy files?
No, I'm talking about how grass is edible.
That's it. You think that's a conspiracy?
Everybody thinks we're running out of food.
Well, there's nothing but food all around us.
And thank you for the follow-by the way Hazel Jackson.
Sorry, wait. You think the biggest conspiracy is that everybody could be eating grass?
Yes. And they're not surrounded by nothing. Cows get it. Cows eat it.
But why try to trick us into eating not grass?
Are you doing all right? Have you been doing okay?
There's just so much low-hanging fruit right now. You're going with grass as a conspiracy.
Think of a bigger one than what we eat.
When we were monkeys living in the woods, all of them had lawns.
Ever since the dawn of time, humans have had lawn technology.
It's what developed our entire culture.
And grasses would eat and monkeys would live off grass.
But they try to hide this from us.
Ancient cave paintings predict monkeys with lawnmowers.
And the lawnmower bags go directly onto a plate that they then eat with a fork and a hammer.
Why would they eat with a hammer?
They mash up the grass with a hammer.
Turning it into a proto-form of grass bread.
I don't want to talk about this, Clemens.
There is so much conspiracy stuff to talk about right now.
I really feel like we're wasting time. Do you have any thoughts?
The Epstein book came out. You check that out.
Now I've been mostly focused on grass and eating it because I actually focused on real change.
Make a puke clear? I'm going to go ahead and say don't eat grass.
So you're on their side then.
Well you technically, people do eat grass. There's like grass drinks and stuff.
Maybe he's been doing that for a long time.
That's why I don't quite get how this is a conspiracy.
You're not going to get all the nutritional value that a human needs out of eating grass.
So you're against me?
Well we have wheat grass. I just mean there's edible types of grass.
You have to talk about normal grass.
What you do realize there's like more than one type of grass, right?
That's what they've already infected your mind.
I've turned you against grass.
You give me wheat or something? What is going on today?
I guess you're not ready to really understand are you?
That's why I've no choice but to move on.
That's why I had to leave this place.
That's why I can never return.
Because I live in the fields now and I graze with the animals as intended.
You're just saying you've been sent out to pasture?
Pasture is a word invented by William Pasteur.
No it's not.
You're just against me. Everyone's against me.
Because they don't understand. Because they haven't imbibed the ancient fruit of grass.
Grass is not a fruit.
I'm done talking.
Okay well look I tried to say that we got along but...
I don't know how I hurt his feelings. I respect him.
I just thought we were going to talk about like all the...
You know like conspiracies are kind of seeming more like legit than ever.
We're ruled by pedophiles and everybody's getting assassinated.
But I guess not. I guess grass eating seemed like just maybe the first thought that popped out.
Oh well.
Look I have a very limited amount of time in this segment so that is all of our time.
I'd love to get in all the stuff about foreign governments,
assassinating people and you know everybody's favorite,
spending a bunch of pedophile books.
But there's just no time so I guess I just gotta move on.
Cause we talked about grass for too long.
Don't blame me. You guys wanted to talk to Clem.
You just started following me on Twitter. You're hopeful for a follow back?
Wait me guy redacted or Case Blackwell.
As I'll be honest, Case does not check his Twitter regularly as he used to but...
He is not... he is not careful with his follow.
He will give you one back. He will go follow for follow.
He is a gutless man when it comes to social media.
Anyway I gotta go. I just, you know, I'm getting the light.
And you know we gotta respect the rule of law in this country.
That includes keeping these segments short so you know, seize that truth guys.
It's out there. We tried to seize it today but your favorite so-called conspiracy expert,
I guess had other plans but that didn't stop me from saying for truth.
We'll see you soon. Bye bye.
There it is.
There's that applause that I know they all want to give me.
For staying on top of my game, no matter the game change, we were supposed to be in the wall today.
That's what I was gonna do with my time but I've been told by all these red tape,
anti-abundance motherfuckers that I can't even enter the wall of my own studio
without all sorts of approvals that won't arrive until next Friday.
Meanwhile this dog keeps fucking up my intro song. How dare he?
Anyway, Crumb is also here.
But as usual he doesn't have anything to say when I cut to him.
We tried to keep this at a constant clip. You remember that?
Bud? She call you Air Bud with all the air time. You're leaving empty.
No reaction. Let's try this again.
Shoot. Okay.
Why are you so difficult lately?
Why does it have to be like this, Crumb?
Why you gotta be like this?
You give me that silent treatment at all times.
When I so nicely gave you a voice box with which to say all the words.
But I guess your anti-free speech because you're no speech.
I shouldn't be surprised given the political climate we exist in today
that this man would be against ever talking.
Is it because you know that I rightfully beat you in our debate yesterday?
And you feel guilty for cheating your way to the top like usual?
One second. Let me see if I can fix this motherfucker.
Okay. There we go. You got anything to say?
Anything at all. You better not sound like...
Oh baby!
Okay. You're back.
And the first thing you have to say to me is, oh baby.
I shouldn't be surprised from the world's largest talking fucking baby
that refuses to take a bath.
Boo munch won't come get me.
Boo munch won't come get you.
Well, it looks like you're sitting right next to me.
You can't handle the wall.
Do you want me in this wall or not?
Because supposedly I'm supposed to be doing this on your behalf.
But if you want to make a big stink about it...
There are so many people down here that claim to have done 9-11s.
Well, which ones were alive at the time of 9-11?
Because if it's Napoleon, as far as I know...
Hi Charlie!
Oh, that could be anybody. That could be anybody.
So let's not ask him to say the last name.
Okay, keep it respectful, Crumb.
Oh, you shut up, man.
Well, somebody has to talk. Okay, you might have noticed it's like a talk show.
Sort of that we do here.
You only want to undermine the basic premise more with your behaviors.
Fix my voice, munch.
You fix your voice.
It's your fucking voice.
Baba booey, Baba booey, Baba booey.
What are we even debating today?
What are we even debating today?
Do you say grocery store or supermarket?
Grocery store. Can we at least be civilized?
Can we still use two-word titles for things?
Bees like Dads sometimes playa.
Say bees?
We're talking about supermarkets, okay?
I mean groceries. I think groceries...
I just said you're trying to avoid Peter.
I can't blame you for that.
You think I'm scared of Peter?
His so-called wall powers?
He's just a guy sitting on a stool in a crawl space.
Munch is liking his tech support job too much to come get me.
You know, it's tech support from my own fucking sanity,
because technically, sitting next to you should make anyone insane.
Eat some grass.
I will eat grass. It's the food of the gods.
Ambrosia is actually the original translation of that.
Boom, boom, boom. Let's go back to my room so we can do it all night,
and you can make me feel right.
Can you stop propositioning me?
This isn't... You're making this an unsafe workspace, okay?
Honestly, not because of the sex, because anyone touching you takes parts of you off.
So stop trying to get people to interact with your body.
It's not safe. You're too mushy.
Penile enhancement pills are in abundance down here.
Hell is full of fad-dongs.
That's where they figured out dick...
actual dick fixing is in hell?
I guess that makes sense. It is kind of the devil's instrument.
Alright, look, I'm on the side of grocery store...
Butts, butts, butts, butts, butts, butts, butts, butts, butts, butts, butts, butts.
I'm on the side of grocery stores, actually, and not your potty mouth.
You motherfucking piece of shit.
Goddamn, just fucking...
Can we elevate the conversation around here one motherfucking little tiny ass bit?
Leave me playing theaters now.
What is?
Do not refer... Do not recommend a movie to me without annunciating, okay?
Because I take recommendations seriously.
I sound like Manzukas?
Goddamn it. I don't even...
I'm not... I'm gonna pretend I don't even know who that is.
I mean, I don't know who that is.
Okay, look, it's... I'm on the side of...
I'm gonna lick you clean, munch.
Is that supposed to be a...
Is that like you're trying to be aggro right now?
Tongue bath me?
That is definitely something nobody wants, so...
I guess that works as a threat.
My threat is, let's do this debate
because you can't even handle two-word words, okay?
And I'm on the side of supermarkets, thank you very much.
Meaning you, I guess... Wait, no, I'm on the side of grocery store.
Fuck, I'm so c... I'm not confused.
I'm trying to confuse you.
And it's working. I'm on the side of grocery stores.
What's that smell as you?
I'm on the side of grocery stores, okay?
And if I have a smell, it's the smell of actually bathing.
It's probably so foreign to your nose.
It's treating like an antibody.
You're on the side of motherfucking supermarkets.
Probably because you think super's in the title,
so they must have all the superfoods or something.
Because your brain is constantly leaking out of your fucking ears.
I have to scoop it back in through your blood.
We just got a Slurpee machine in hell, which is great,
except they're about 30% glass dust.
It's so hot down here, I can't help but drink them anyway.
They figured out how to get Slurpee glass dust down to 30% in hell?
What's with all these innovations?
How come the hell's got all the good shit lately? God damn.
Drinking my glass Slurpee's up here. They're up to 50% for sure.
Anyway, if you have a mind that can make that debate,
I am on the side of grocery stores,
because I'm actually capable of articulating more than one word at a time.
Why is it so quiet?
Oh, I had to turn this down because you're so busy all the time,
barely whispering your fucking words.
Well, here's a word for you. Grocery.
How did you like when my beloved wife, Bella Uigula, pegged you last night?
Did it get you ready to come get me out of here?
You think a pegging would get me finally inspired?
I have a go.
Are you trying to do fucking roast style comedy right now?
I like trains.
We're talking about grocery stores, okay?
Look, I just think it's a clearer explanation of what the fuck you're doing.
All right, a supermarket isn't always necessarily super.
That's a marketing term.
I refuse to have my mind controlled by fucking main street soup bros,
mad men and their selves into my consciousness.
I'm not calling it their word.
It's a place where I get groceries, and it is a store.
Nothing fucking super about that process.
Basic human shit.
How about you constantly falling for every motherfucking thing?
Crom, what's your excuse?
The devil says if you don't use the key soon,
it will bring you down here too.
Excuse me?
Because this thing is rattling around in my soul.
I can't-
A supermarket is like a market that's super.
Who doesn't want to be super when they shop?
Exactly my point.
You fall for this fucking shit every day, okay?
You probably call-
You probably call-
They called Munchie a hype train.
Screw you in with my new bluna.
You think you can cheat on me and get away with it?
Hell no.
You'll never have this again.
Oh yeah, and the divorce papers are in the mail hole.
We were never married, okay?
That was the scheme that I pitched once and you did not follow through.
I was so excited to see you today.
And get my penis back.
Are you keeping it secret?
Are you keeping it safe?
Yeah, well it is kind of in a ring-like shape now
because it got blown straight through like a fucking...
penny sock.
Time!
I can't play my Super Nintendo down here.
There are no CRTs around anywhere and I want to play wild guns.
You want to play wild guns?
Wait a minute, grocery stank god.
There's still a little bit of dignity left in this country.
You're the kind of motherfucker that probably calls
soda of all brands, coke.
You probably call every video game system Nintendo.
That's the level we're dealing with with Crumb.
Well with me, what you're actually dealing with
is a motherfucking winner.
Check the scoreboard, you know it's true.
Boom!
When you're at the checkout counter and you hear the beat.
Basterous beat, beat, Basterous.
You just want to be on Supermarket Sweep.
Is that what this is all about?
Little baby boy just needs his fucking twist shows?
All right, that's pretty good.
That's a pretty good argument, but obviously it's ridiculous
because it's me, but...
You ain't even Matt Case's cat.
You're too busy exploding.
Huh.
You think cats like that, right, Xavier?
Well, Crumb's guzzling a nice cool miller light
after the game.
Crumb's guzzling a nice cool miller light after debating.
Only 3.2 carbs and 96 calories.
Miller light is the best choice for the betas
and all betas everywhere.
This motherfucker got a miller sponsorship while looking like this.
That's an official sponsorship.
They just paid him 20 grand for that.
Doesn't make sense to me either, chat.
But they fucking called and I picked up the phone.
I love Supermarkets because it's where I left the super dump
and clogged the toilet.
The horror I left behind.
You talked over my entire victory song,
but I'm still a champion.
That's why I'm undiswayed at even by your fucking rambling nonsense.
You can't dull this shine, baby.
287.
Badda bing badda boom.
You can't argue your way out of a shroom.
Out of a shroom?
Are you still talking about your fucking penis?
It's somewhere.
Ain't this about eggs?
Is this about eggs or hate?
I don't even know.
For me, it's about hate.
Ting, you...
We already have season 4 of K-pop demon hunters down here.
It became a show when it's already at season 4?
What the fuck?
We're so far behind hell.
What is happening in this country?
You say boo jet about it?
I can't hear this motherfucker half the time.
Look, I gotta go...
Assai?
Assai?
Munch these groceries, munch.
Yeah, I do munch groceries.
That's what people eat.
They don't eat supers, okay?
It's not a market for super.
It's a supermarket sweep, but grocery sweep.
Yeah, I would've preferred the show
if you called grocery sweep,
because it's more accurate.
How about that?
Wait, you delayed the wall stream.
You were supposed to get me back my body.
You and your fake asses.
I mean, who's...
I'm the fake.
With your fake fucking voice,
your fake fucking body
that I had to scrape together off the goddamn floor.
We have grocery stores down here in hell.
Well, it sounds like you got all the good shit done there.
For K-pop demon hunters, it already became a show.
You got...
You got Slurpees with barely any glass dust?
It's insane.
Insanity.
Insanity.
We're falling behind everybody.
Every Indiana was a decent show.
Can we really get a good show?
Indiana was a decent show.
Can we remake it when I get back?
First decent thing you've said.
So I guess we'll count that as a win
and get the fuck out of here.
It's all the goddamn time we have.
You gotta send it to some rapping guy
or some shit or...
Bryce Check on Cannes Dumas.
Bryce Check on Cannes Dumas.
Do not insult the delicious flavor explosion
that is Cannes Dumas.
It's a delicious beet-based juice drink.
Dine-Aid Don Riggins came to visit.
He's not dead though.
I don't know what that's about.
Don is down there already?
Goddamn, he acts fast.
Alright, look.
That's it.
I've won.
That's the main thing.
I'm gonna go into the wall and get this piece of shit.
Even worse body back next week.
So look forward to that.
Fucking downgrade you're about to get.
Okay?
Enjoy.
Jesus.
Can we get this thing moving along?
I don't know how many more threats I can send.
I need crumb out of the...
Hell.
I'll say it clearly.
I'll give you a normal voice.
You get crumb out of the hell already.
We talked...
What did you just talk about?
We're doing it next Friday.
Another week!
Really?
You think I'm made out of time?
Because technically everything is.
So you'd be right.
That's all you have.
I'm made out of infinite amounts of it though.
Alright.
Are you just here to brag?
Or why do you keep coming here, man?
Why not?
I can do whatever I want.
Sure.
Don't be dismissive of me with affirmative answers.
I see...
Right through you.
Sure.
I'm fairly transparent I think.
I know.
I see the parts that other people don't see.
You've got a mole on your nipple.
I don't think I do actually.
It's really small.
That's the kind of thing I see.
You see, physical, basic physical attributes?
Gotcha.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Alright man.
We'll do the wall next Friday.
Want me to do a segment with you?
I have a few free infinities.
Are you lonely?
What's going on?
No.
I had too many slurpees today.
Alright.
That's fine.
Um...
We do blame Kendall.
That is a good strategy.
I came up with that originally.
Blame your partner for everything.
I call it the sitcom trick.
You know, like how it used to be like my wife.
This is me.
I came up with that.
I think that's just normal human nature.
I am human nature.
Are you not doing another news segment?
I think we're going to do it with somebody else.
It didn't even pick who?
We're doing it with somebody else.
So, we are going to do the news.
We'll go to hell later.
It's fine.
It's time for a little more news.
You upgraded, baby.
You thought you were getting the devil?
Nope, you're getting Rick.
Congratulations.
I...
One of the devil is still available.
If he is, actually.
Very funny.
No, I mean legitimately.
I'll go with the devil.
Well, the devil's in the details.
So, maybe if we cover these stories, well, he'll show up.
What?
I don't say stuff like that.
Can we just have a pleasant intro for once?
The devil wears Prada.
So, maybe if we're Prada, he'll show up.
Why is... Why...
You can't say that if you don't like the thing I said.
No, that was pretty sick what I said.
What?
Okay.
Anyway, chat said some stories.
So, we're going to run through them.
The chat news of the day.
It's like the other news, but submitted by chat.
So, they're responsible for it.
That's right, chat.
You're responsible for every story you submit.
For the event itself.
Okay, let's see what we got.
News, news, news, news, news, news, what?
Here's a thing.
Oh, boy, a thing.
Teen Titans Go's Beast Boy, Greg...
Cypes?
Cypes?
Claims he was fired by Warner Bros.
Uh, okay.
In a controversial turn of events, the biggest controversy we got going.
Teen Titans Ghost Star, Greg...
Cypes, Cypes, something has revealed that Warner Bros. animation fired him for his role as Beast Boy,
claiming that it was his Parkinson's disease diagnosis that led to his termination.
Uh-oh.
However, ever since Cypes took to social media to share his startling update,
several reports have come out that suggest that the veteran voice actor might have divulged
not the entire truth.
The September 7th DC brand influencer, Emmanuel Devin Newsom,
the gruesome Devin Newsom, shared a post on his social media profile
and said,
In a second comment, the Ben 10 alien force alum pleaded with his admirers to take action,
saying,
Well, I'm glad that in this extremely tense national moment, some of us have our priorities straight.
He's also anti-vaxxin, promoting alternative medicine?
Sounds like a Beast Boy thing to do.
That's not the Beast Boy character at all.
He's like, doesn't he like the Earth?
Alternative medicine.
No.
It's a real Beast Boy. It's just classic Beast Boy stuff.
You don't even watch Teen Titans Go.
You do?
No. Well, I've been around kids.
You don't even have kids.
Yeah, but I'm aware of kids.
Look, it's a charming show. It's pretty good.
It's bad. I just haven't watched it.
I wouldn't be ashamed of watching it. Why are you?
I don't even really watch it that much.
I'm just familiar with the Beast Boy character as an archetype and he's not like an anti-vaxx guy.
He's like an animal rights guy.
Yeah, he's like vegan or something, but that's not that they're different jokes.
Let's just I didn't mean for this to be so controversial.
Okay, let's just move on.
If you're going to be like this today, you're being like this.
Not to me.
Why Charlie Sheen put an ice cube up his butt while filming movie at height of drug addiction?
Charlie Sheen stuck an ice cube up his butt.
The actor was filming free money and at the time found himself asleep during a scene in a bar.
So he asked for a glass of ice.
There was a little bathroom and I went in there and I took an ice cube and I shoved it up my butt.
Recalled the Golden Globe winner.
60 years old.
And here's a photo of the incident.
Pretty good actor.
I don't think he gets enough credit just because he was in kind of the Tiger Blood stuff.
We forgot, you know, he's in some good stuff.
Right.
It works by the way.
It really will wake almost anyone up.
Doesn't most butt stuff wake people up?
Depends how out they are.
Depends which serums you're trying to manipulate their brain with.
What?
Let's not manipulate your brain and cover some more news.
One of the things I want to point out is that when someone's birthday almost means your death,
paraglider documents mid-air dogfight with mylar balloon.
Oh, this is why I actually do think it's more responsible to shoot guns in the air at your birthday
because you might kill a skydiver and bullets won't get that high up.
Wait, that's way less.
The bullets will fall back down to earth.
Not if you shoot them in the right arc.
It's for the safety of skydivers.
Okay, well, we don't need your opinion on this.
What actually happened?
Um, TikTok or Michael, the null hypothesis recently faced a mid-air hazard in the form of a mylar balloon.
His viral TikTok of the encounter has over 4.2 million views and this entire article is a description of it.
So let's just watch the video, I guess, as...
Let me see if I can pull this up full screen.
Full screen.
Enhanced.
Zoom.
Here we go.
Oh, uh-oh.
Just remain calm.
It's only a six.
Thank God it's not a 10 or a 21.
Uh-oh, it's getting less safe.
Okay, he's still out of what I like to call death height.
Ooh, and it did get sucked in.
Or is he just... is that just part of landing?
I don't know.
Either way, it looks like he's nailed this one.
Oop, is he gonna have a hard-ass landing?
I don't know.
Was it a life-threading situation or was it just like, oh, man situation?
I think it could have been a life-threading situation.
I don't really know how paragliders...
how resistant they are to shit getting sucked into their propellers.
You can't tell what's AI and what's just 120 Hz smooth motion GoPro now.
Yeah, again, you know, GeekCasting, that's kind of what we were talking about earlier.
I feel like everything now is, uh...
all bad, all weird-looking images are attributed to AI.
But there's so many weird image technologies that it could be.
But I... anyway, that, I guess, was just GoPro footage, I'm assuming.
Okay.
What the frick?
A couple more here.
Um...
What is this story?
All right, here we go.
More news.
More!
What is this that I'm looking at?
Inflatable planes?
AI don't believe it.
Bizarre Crash-Proof Plane Ideal revealed that
RAPs... revealed that RAPs aircraft in airbags.
What?
Why does it say AI don't believe it?
Is this AI?
I don't understand the premise of their article title.
A wild plan to make planes crash-proof using gigantic airbags
has been revealed by two budding engineers or by just...
you know, some image generator.
The idea came about after the devastating Air India Crash in June.
Inflatable external smart airbags.
Crash mitigation can coons absorb on impact.
Wh-uh...
And then there's news about the Air India Crash.
This is not so crazy.
Is that about any sci-fi stuff where they have like a...
What's the movie where they like shoot blobs at the ground
and then they land in them?
Is that a Final Fantasy movie?
What are you talking about?
They shoot a property, sci-fi, where they jump out of planes
and they shoot like a goo at the ground and then they land at it like...
They should do that.
You don't even know what it's from!
It's from a thing. Flubber.
They should put flubber on planes.
We have to make flubber or at least release the secret alien type that we have.
Did you just say stuff like this intentionally?
I didn't say anything.
Quit trying to act like you have some kind of clearance here.
You can't sneak things in that aren't snuck in at all.
Alright, that's a joke.
We don't have flubber.
That would be the secret?
No, it wouldn't. It's ridiculous.
We don't have flubber.
Final Fantasy... It was Final Fantasy.
Spirits within.
They shoot a goo and they land on the ground.
That's the only thing from that movie that stuck with me.
Was that they have magical goo landing technology.
And I think that's pretty good.
We should get on that. Somebody get on that real quick?
We don't order our national scientific resources around like that case.
Spoiler alert, we're on it.
As soon as we saw Final Fantasy Spirits within.
I need to find the clip.
Damn it, you're right.
Maybe someone else on YouTube had this stuck in their head.
And tagged it as Final Fantasy.
Spirits within.
Landing.
Someone did have exactly that stuck in their head.
No way. Final Fantasy Spirits within.
Gel Landing.
You're lucky. You're lucky this once case that other people's brains are broken in the exact same way as you.
It's kind of low quality though.
It's a low... It's a DV rip guys. Sorry.
Look the goo. And they land in the goo.
Whoa.
And that's basically the same idea as the plane.
You know, give or take a little bit of technical know-how.
Well we don't have that. Flubber can't do that.
And we don't have Flubber.
And no mess?
I don't remember how they showed them getting out of the goo.
I think the goo dissolves.
But you gotta be really accurate with your goo shot.
Or you're gonna splat. See if you're a little off?
You're falling fast.
So you gotta be careful with your goo shot.
This is why we covered these stories to share important information like this.
I'll be honest. I was unaware of the Final Fantasy goo.
But now...
Get on it boys.
You command the resources of...
Our scientific resources?
Somebody's gotta do it.
Have you seen the new Conjuring movie yet?
I haven't. But apparently I'm in the minority because I made a ton of money.
Yeah, I made a bunch at the global box office.
Which I wonder if I made money in China because...
Maybe this is propaganda that's affected me.
But I thought you couldn't have Ghost Movie.
You weren't allowed to do ghost movies in China.
Maybe it's just the general international box office.
One person saw it a whole lot.
That's a strategy that works.
That does work.
Sometimes you make a movie for like one guy.
They do have to be a billionaire though.
And usually it's not so much a movie as it's like you're doing things to people in front of a camera.
So okay, stop talking.
Thank you. That actually is helpful.
If you could remind me to do that more often.
I'm Chinese. That's just my aspiration.
But you know, hopefully someday we can find out if there's the...
If they're working on the Final Fantasy goo in China.
The fashion brand is turning women's underwear into expensive hair bows.
Wait, did you see the Conjuring?
Oh sorry, I didn't even answer your question.
I have also not seen the Conjuring.
I've seen the Nun and I've seen the first Conjuring.
I think I saw the second Conjuring.
But I don't know if there's been how many Conjuring's there.
I don't know what percentage of the Conjuring movies I've seen.
I've also seen La Llorona.
I might be saying that wrong.
You're not sure if it's true, but I've seen clips of people being splashed by Holy Water by a priest before you watch it.
That's some effective marketing.
That's some like original exorcist shit. Pretty good.
Oh no, my freaking computer is taking a dump.
One second everybody.
Oh, okay we're back.
I thought I was gonna DC there, but I'm not.
I should have been splashed with Holy Water before I click on some of these stories.
These dangerous computer crashing stories.
Alright here we go, I gotta reopen these stories.
Get back on my computer.
I like the Conjuring movies though.
They're very jump-scary.
They're all kind of very similar.
But they're almost like not a guilt.
They're like comfort food. They're like horror comfort food.
It's not the most challenging horror movie, but they're always kind of enjoyable.
El Diablo.
That's not a Conjuring movie I don't think.
I'm still not watching Alien Earth.
Kendall doesn't want to watch it, so we use our usual strategy.
And you blame Kendall?
Yeah, we blame Kendall for not watching Alien Earth.
You saw Last Writes, it was good, but hard to watch, given how it painted the Warrens in such a good light.
The real people were terrible humans.
Yeah, I've heard all of those movies are kind of like Christian mystic coded,
because they take the subject matter like they treat it very seriously.
All of it is like the ultimate propaganda job for those two.
That beautiful elderly couple that has a attic full of dolls that we're supposed to take very seriously.
This is exactly the kind of thing someone says in the Conjuring movie.
Before they get haunted case, I'd like to point that out.
I'll bring, you know what? Bring it on.
The Conjuring universe.
You don't know what you're asking for.
There's going to be that one demon that always shows up in all of them.
It's going to be like that.
And it's going to be tongue stuff to you.
You're not.
That's not so bad so far.
You know, it's a bad tongueing.
They do a bad tongueing case, but it's your funeral.
And or extended process of getting the demon to leave by waving crosses at it.
You know, one of those two.
The fashion brand is turning women's underwear into expensive hair bows.
Expensive.
There are plenty of things you expect to see in someone's hair.
Berets, scrunchies, maybe a pencil.
But what about panties?
Folks, what are we doing?
Folks, come on.
This really gets to you.
Some things are sacred.
Panties aren't designed for hair.
They're not going to get any of the smells up there.
What is your complaint?
I mean, it's silly to do this.
There's a link to buy? Oh, interesting.
How much would this kind of thing be?
And what would the flavor profile of hair panties even be?
What?
Is a question somebody might ask.
You just asked it.
Well, I mean, I'm just a solace research.
Now, this won't mean anything to you because you're probably one of the conversion figures off the top of your head.
But this is a substantial amount of yen.
In case you're wondering.
Panty ribbon bow blue for your hair.
Not flavor profile.
Well, don't they don't guys like you also want to smell women's hair?
No.
It's a different thing.
Okay.
Well, anyway, how much is that in the end?
I'll look it up for us because I don't actually know.
Um, that is $119 roughly.
Or a pair of panties to put in your hair.
Hmm. The price point makes me wonder what's going on there.
You're falling for the classic trick here, Rick.
You make something expensive and then you assume it's valuable?
Well, I mean it is.
I don't know what to say to it obviously.
All value is determined by demand.
So, how bad do you want it, I guess, is the question?
I think it's four ladies, though.
I don't think you're supposed to buy.
I think it's actually supposed to be put in your hair.
Yeah, totally.
The accessory officially named Panty ribbon bow looks exactly like you're picturing.
A frilly parrot still look onto you scrunch and do a bow shape.
Okay, and that's that.
Rick has hair.
You do have hair. Why don't you smell your own hair?
It's not somebody else's.
It's not a surprise.
There's no surprise there, in case.
Okay. What's up, Papito?
Yeah, that's cheese.
Oh, okay.
BigJW says, sex dolls are on sale for $980.
And thank you for the 200 bits.
Very kind.
$980.
What's the most expensive sex doll?
Just to find out.
The most expensive sex doll.
Sex doll paradise says,
I probably can't show you the sex doll in question.
Oh yeah, there's a nipple in that.
Okay, I can show you this one, though.
Chat?
This is an important flashball.
How much do you think this costs?
Let's play prices right, guys.
The reference point that we all have for things like this.
Add options now.
How much for the...
How much for this?
I'm giving you a little preview.
I can't scroll around too much, because there's nude sex dolls on this site.
Your options are...
Genital Slit.
Tree Fitty.
Papito.
$10,000.
And $300 plus shipping at $100.
So I guess $400.
But so far, chat thinks it probably costs
Papito.
Which, how much is he worth?
Depends how much money he's
eaten that day.
And how far along it is into
digesting.
How much does he eat on average?
A couple thousand.
He eats a couple thousand dollars a day.
The answer was
$10,000.
And closest gets it.
Unless Papito's eating $15,000.
It was
$15,000 for this particular sex doll, everybody.
$15,000.
$15,000.
$15,000.
It's a big day.
You putting it up for it?
Putting it up for it?
You putting it for it?
That's the question.
Define the it?
5-define it.
Are you even into it?
I forgot we have headlines.
You could have headlines the whole time.
I forgot too.
Beast Boy fired though.
That was when we covered.
$15,000 for what?
So I'm going to go up to 25 grand.
Depends on how tricked out and how much jewelry you want your...
synthetic...
lady bedazzled in.
You want diamonds all over your sex doll?
Depends if you want a high-class sex doll or not, case.
Let's end with this. Let's clean it up a little bit.
Can we clean up our brains a little bit here?
Well, this is going to be a nice story. Hey, Kendall's here.
This is a Chris scene by a sexist party.
Kendall's butt was inside of me.
Attitude popping out, we're popping off.
Say the wrong thing, she's got a pop like a cough.
A little queen crack, she has whipped the grin that y'all got.
So she eats the wind.
Why? Because her name is what?
Kendall?
Name is what?
Kendall, okay.
Kendall's cleaning our laundry machine.
Oh, that thing is cleanable?
Yeah, I know. I'm surprised it's you, but...
Wait, the things that we've done to it in this office, you can clean it.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
No, Peter, what?
How much did you eat today?
Listen up, Jack.
Bigs of 91, just Mama Jam, 300, shiny, tasty corn.
I've been dying to say this.
I want my subcandle. Taylor Swift got engaged.
Kendall, apparently you owe Big J Dub a sub because Taylor Swift got engaged.
So you know.
Big J Dub says you owe him a sub because Taylor Swift got engaged.
What? When did that become a thing?
Maybe while you were streaming.
I said I said I'll give you a sub if they get engaged.
Big J Dub doesn't lie to me.
Explain.
Explain.
Kendall gasped three years ago. You said this.
Three years ago what?
I wish my apartment would clean the washing machine here.
Oh, God, yeah.
Yeah, no, they totally don't.
They don't.
Three years. I was streaming, I think.
Why do I have like two years and some amount of months now?
We might need a clip for Kendall to be convinced.
Wait, I don't. What did? What was the bet?
I don't understand.
I don't know.
They wouldn't get engaged?
Did I say?
What?
Ask Kendall about the online sex video.
What?
Oh, we watched it.
They get married.
Hey, wait, they're not married yet.
Oh, we got to see it all the way through. Apparently.
Maybe they'll blow.
Maybe they'll call it off.
Maybe it'll.
Maybe there'll be a falling out.
You know what?
I don't remember saying that, but I still take the bet right now.
Okay.
Well, they are engaged.
It's a high stakes marriage.
I don't think they're backing down.
Oh, yeah, I mean it'd be good for business.
They got married for sure.
It's what's best for business.
Okay.
Kendall's the number one gambler.
Well, now that crumb is wherever crumb is.
I do like high stakes, low soft gambling like this.
Oh, man.
Maybe she should break up with him just for the album.
That makes a ton of sense.
Actually, that's 1000.
Would it be great?
She did the Super Bowl and then the same year they broke up.
That'd be pretty good.
Wouldn't that be fine?
That's some pretty juicy stuff.
Taylor, think about it.
I got a proposal for you.
Not that type.
The divorce type.
The pre-divorce.
They're not going to do all that paperwork and just not get married.
They're so rich they could have other people do anything for them.
Yeah, they're so rich they could own all the paper.
Kendall is going to Sun Case 8, Lilliana to Honey Trap Travis.
Oh, that's, I can use Lilliana to break them up.
What do you mean?
I will not do that for the record.
Even though I could.
That's who I mean.
That particular lady could do it.
I will not doing it.
You want to meet my sister?
She doesn't want to meet you.
That hurts.
That's true.
He's not old enough.
And he's just not odd enough.
I like more complex shapes.
He's kind of a classic brute shape.
I like a couple extra undulations in there personally.
Everybody's got a type.
Yeah, they do.
What's Kendall's thoughts on other Kendall?
What?
Is there a different famous Kendall?
Well, look, we got to get to the streets and then we got to do a music.
So let's do that, I guess.
Rick, is there anything else?
Wait a minute.
I'm still here.
Still here, everyone.
Elderly woman believed she needed to save America.
Save an astronaut.
Sorry, she needed to save an astronaut under attack.
She was concerned.
I can't read today, so I probably should go.
She was conned out of thousands.
An old lady got conned into saving an astronaut.
That's all that's the last thing I wanted to cover.
No details for us?
Fine, and then I insist that we cover this China news.
In China you need to watch ads to go to get toilet paper at public toilets.
And that's the future you want for all of us, case?
Toilet ads?
Just to wipe the poop out of your disgusting butt.
We have a lot of ad-lock things here.
I'm getting ads in taxis.
And who knows whose butt stuff I'm sitting on in a taxi.
And you think they're socialists?
They're state-approved ads, okay?
The ads that are good for your brain.
They aren't even needed to take a shit in China and you have to sit through a Shen Yun ad.
I don't know if they have Shen Yun ads in China.
In case Chinese are in a blackwell.
Hey, I'm just saying, so far, they've got it.
They've innovated a lot.
Maybe they're just ahead of the curve here.
I mean, at free public toilet paper,
we've been on this free public toilet paper handout train for too long.
Okay?
It's about time we let the free market have a hand
at pricing our toilet paper ads.
Now you're speaking my language.
See?
The astronaut needed money for air?
This is why we gotta read some of the article, Rick.
Well, obviously he's gonna con the lady by saying he needs money for air.
Obviously, right. You know why? We didn't even need to read that.
Okay, look, let's send it over to the streets
for a little bit of street action,
and then we'll music our way out of here.
But for now, it's time for Trip on the Streets.
Round and round we go.
But at the streets, we take it slow, baby.
It's time for me to talk to your opinions
that somehow are out here
because I'm just that good.
Type X information on Trip, you can send me an opinion
that I will then talk to out here on the streets.
It makes perfect sense, so don't even worry about it.
And, uh, wait a minute.
Sorry, everybody, I just need to double check one thing.
Somebody got rid of my opinions.
There it is.
Ah, the opinions are back.
Uh, yes, um, you there already locked and loaded
and ready to talk to me.
An opinion I see? What do you got for me, Trippy B?
Hello? What the frick?
Okay, let me see what the hell is happening here.
God dang it.
We've got someone really shy today, everybody.
That's all that's happening here.
Um, one second.
Okay.
I think they're back now.
Ah, yes, you there.
Do you not want to talk to me?
I was just low in the frame.
I was hiding.
Oh, I stood up because I became uncomfortable with the weight.
Are you okay?
I'm all right.
Did you not want to talk to me?
No, well, what do you got for me, pal?
Ah, Tripp. Anonymous mix.
Hi, big fan.
I see Q.
Are you asking I see Q or telling me you're I see Q.
I see Q.
Right.
Okay.
Can I hold it while you pee?
Hey, Tripp. Can I hold it while you pee?
Hey, is this how we're...
Are you trying to challenge my sanity today?
Hey, not my intention.
I'm just asking.
Can I hold it while you pee?
Okay.
No, no.
No, thanks.
All right.
Big fan, though.
Just gotta ask.
I gotta ask.
Fine.
That's fine.
All opinions are welcome.
More of a question than an opinion, but, you know, that's all right.
Who else has a thought for me?
Indeed, or Trippie B?
I guess you there. Hopefully you show up this time.
Hey, Zach.
Yes, I know.
You wish.
What do I wish?
I wanted to be interviewed by you dumbass.
Well, wish granted. You wish.
I don't really track at all. You wish.
Is that...
Okay.
Dumbass.
Me? You wish.
Wait, who are you talking about then?
Dumbass.
Well, I understand that, but which one?
You wish.
I was curious.
I'll be honest.
He hooked me.
I was like, well, wait, what do you mean?
And then he pulled off.
He's good. I'll give him that.
Okay.
Who else?
Scientist.
Talk to me.
Yes, yes, yes.
You there.
Come on, don't be shy.
Everybody's being so shy today.
What's that about?
Come on.
Having trouble getting these folks to show up?
How about this one?
No.
Nope.
Scurrying away in fear.
Okay, how about you there? Yes.
Hey, Ghib, let me stay in your bush tonight, man.
It's Gerald.
It's me, Gerald.
Gerald Gardena.
Uh, have we met?
My bush got taken over by burly bikers.
Yow!
Okay, sorry to hear that, but it's kind of a one-person bush.
I gotta wait him out.
Let me crash in your bush pad.
I'll make you cozy.
I'll make you cozy.
I'll make you cozy all over.
What do you think about that?
Yow!
Gerald, I mean, you got a fun vibe, but I'm propositioned for sex a lot on here.
And I always, almost always say no.
So don't take it personally, but it's a one-person bush.
Come on, man.
Let me suck you in a bush!
Are you trying to stay in my bush, or either way it is a no?
I'm surprised. I'm surprised by that.
People usually say yes, but you got standards and I respect that being fan.
Dr. Roscoe?
I think it was Gerald Gardena, but maybe stealing someone's whole vibe.
Wouldn't be the first around here to pull some nonsense like that.
All right. Who else?
Yes, you there. I'm Treppy B.
You got an opinion from me?
Hey, Thrip.
Thrip.
It's Regifrismay.
Regifrismay? It's Regifrismay.
The Nintendo guy?
It's never too nice. Time to never forget.
Um... that there's a Nintendo direct tomorrow.
You don't look like or sound like Regi.
Metroid Prime will melt steel beams.
I'm sure my ride is going to be hijacked.
We talk about the Fire Fantasy VII Remake port.
Regi, I don't... do you even work for Nintendo anymore?
Can you imagine how Nintendo New York is going to be ground zero for news and a Mario sequel?
The movie? What?
Regi, where are you from?
From Nintendo, when you're ready to share all the hottest tracks dropping right now for the Nintendo 80 system.
Nintendo One System? The Nintendo Interme System.
So get ready to buggerab your beltz by ZGZ or else you're gonna explode.
When you see...
Conker's Bad Fur Day?
Real Magi by Todd McFarland Spawn?
Conker's Bad Fur Day but reimagined by Todd McFarland Spawn?
Reimagined by the character?
You won't even...
Oh, do we got Jalagwaziamio?
He's back by this one.
Don't miss it.
Click, that's the Sunday-ear beltz, buccalix, splitting off.
Goodbye.
What? Regi, what?
He's gone.
Um...
Great, who's next?
I guess I'm getting... I'm getting nothing from Regi.
Hold up.
Huh.
Yes, did you forget about the Church of Hamtaro?
Whoa.
Praise the rodent glory, Trip.
Praise him, Trip.
They're getting humans now?
Well, congrats on being the...
I think one of the only human converts I've talked... I've talked to.
Trip, can I borrow $5, Trip?
Potentially. What do you need it for?
I need crack.
Hamtaro doesn't judge.
Could I get $5 for crack?
What kind of crack are you gonna get with $5?
Honestly.
Not good crack. I've accepted that.
Really bad crack.
You mean the drug?
I mean the drug.
Being upfront.
I wanna smoke crack.
Okay, well, no.
All right, but if you joined the Church of Hamtaro, you would learn that judging is wrong.
There is an insane dangerous bear that gives it out.
Or does it?
Ask them, either way.
You're starting me into the mouth of a bear?
Not very Hamtaro of you.
Well, I'm not a member of your church, so...
Okay.
I'm still a big fan, because I forgive.
And I do crack.
That was clear to me.
That was clear to me.
For all of the things he said about doing crack.
Hey, yes, you there?
Your trip.
Does this look like it infected to you?
Your face?
If not, can you help me get it to look infected?
Your face looks like there's a block on it.
Shit, it doesn't look realistic.
What part?
That I got like a big time infection on my face.
It looks like there's a 2D block floating over your face.
Shoot.
I tried to make the makeup look 3D.
Well, it's honestly more impressive that you made the makeup look like it's levitating over your face.
Shoot, I did it wrong. I wanted it to look 3D.
Well, your face IS 3D.
I blew it.
Anyway, happy 9-11, man. Thanks for the honest feedback. 9-11.
What are the second 9-11 mean?
What are the first one mean?
I mean his question. I mean him saying it, not the event.
Okay.
Um...
Who's next?
Yes, you.
Hello, good sir.
You look like you're a connoisseur, a fine cuisine.
Did you steal that other guy's 3D makeup?
Silence.
Would you like to buy my sea turtle egg manes?
It's absolutely delectable.
Everything about the flavor screams.
This is something you aren't supposed to be eating.
But you can, for the low, low price of $300 a jar.
Sea turtle egg manes does sound kind of fancy.
I'll give you that.
However, you have a completely motionless, floating face.
And that makes me somewhat skeptical.
Don't be distracted by my good looks, sir.
I'm simply wearing some makeup today.
I'll admit that.
You have to be honest in the church of Hamtaro.
Would you like to join that as well?
Dual offer.
$300 for sea turtle manes.
And you worship a hamster.
Is that like a take or leave it double deal?
Yes.
Then I'm gonna have to pass.
Because of the second part.
To be clear.
Shoot.
I can't take it back.
That's simple salesman law.
You win this round trip.
But I'll get your money and your faith one of these days.
Ha ha!
What?
I've never met him before.
You made it sound like we had some kind of classic history.
That I just don't think we did.
Oh well.
Who else wants to talk to me?
Uh.
Yes, you there.
Woo!
Ah!
Tripp!
I'm the ghost of opinions lost.
Come to haunt you.
How come you look like Jack Sparrow?
Don't ignore.
I know I'm a pirate.
I mean I'm a super pirate.
But I'm mostly I'm a ghost.
Of opinions.
Which one?
Um.
Tripp.
Woo.
You remember the Zune?
Yes.
Remember people having people have thoughts on that.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
That says the Zune was pretty dope.
Well there's one of them.
And I'm bringing that up.
Um.
Remember the show Third Rock from the Sun?
Wait, do you just remember things?
You know Third Rock from the Sun?
It was alright.
How about the Pirates movies?
You remember that?
So you are just Captain Jack Sparrow.
It's a random example.
You remember the Pirate franchise?
It was a franchise.
People forget that.
Yeah.
I think everybody remembers it existing.
You'd be surprised man.
Okay you've been haunted.
Are you just trying to remind people?
There are four of them.
And you've been haunted.
And go check them out.
They're available to rent or buy still.
Are you Johnny Depp?
No I'm a ghost.
No.
Okay.
Boo.
I'll be returned.
If he's gonna be a ghost he's gotta be more confident.
God damn.
Alright.
Yes you there.
Let's just keep it moving.
Are you still using toilet paper?
What is with the pirates today?
I'm not a pirate.
You...
I'm tired to talk about toilet paper.
You're not a pirate.
No.
You can wear this hat and not be a pirate.
It's a pirate hat.
It's a hat.
Anyway you might well be using leaves like Trip used to.
I am Trip.
But not anymore.
Now that he's installed a bidet in his bush.
Wait I am the person you're doing a sales pitch about?
Cleanest bush in the park.
Trip do you enjoy being sponsored by Big Bum Wash?
I am?
When are they gonna pay me and what is that?
Alright.
We've got another satisfied customer.
And you can too and that's why I for this fight.
Oh my god he entered my mind.
I was repeating what he was saying.
I guess I'm sponsored by Big Bum Wash?
My bigger question is why are there so many pirates today?
Oh well.
Some things you'll never know.
Ever.
Who else?
Was that Trump's favorite fish restaurant mascot?
I believe so.
I think it was.
Yes you did.
If I told you you have a nice body.
Would you hold it against pee?
Because I want to see you pee.
I'll wait.
I'll wait.
For what?
Gotta let it land Trip.
Just wait.
Pretty good.
You gotta admit that's pretty good.
That's pretty good stuff.
Okay bye bye.
Good night everybody.
Okay this isn't your open mic opinion people.
God damn it.
I think he was leaning on his exposed face for the punchline.
I don't even think it was that good.
And I don't want to be a hater.
I'm not trying to judge other people's comedy but I just you know.
Not sure I was that impressed.
Looks like our next opinion is in fact a repeat.
So we're done.
Sometimes they submit twice.
I don't know why.
Get that man a co-host get...
We gotta look at his exposed muscle face all the time.
Oh well I mean we have...
There's worse things we look at on this stream quite regularly.
Speaking of it's actually time for DJ Newzik to sing us out of here for the day.
I've been Trippy Bay.
But now you're going to be...
We'll pretend entertained music lay.
We'll talk to you later.
Bye bye.
Whoa.
The hard cut.
Hard cut into DJ Newzik.
You know what keep my head line up.
Keep the head line up.
I'm a Newzik man.
I'm here to do all the Newzik y'all.
Of course I can't do without my intense lasers.
So I am going to be getting those right now.
Get those lasers out here for us all.
I don't know where my lasers go.
Come on lasers you can do it.
Yeah there they are.
Now we're rockin' out with these lasers y'all.
They do seem to be currently attached to my voice.
Honestly didn't know they could do that.
Oh well we'll leave it.
We're QQing and Newz, Newzing.
Let's see if there's any stories that haven't already been covered today.
I'm not even sure there are.
We might have hit up all the news.
So there might not even be anything for me to cover Newzik with.
Okay, we have a story for you that we didn't get to.
And it is in fact about love.
And you know that I'm a sucker for the sweet sweet love
that should fill us all up.
Fill us up with that love.
And I'm ready to do just that.
Let's embrace all this love and y'all.
Paramount is allegedly going to bid to buy Warners did I mention that?
I didn't.
But you know what there's another piece of news that I feel like
we got to cover because it was shared.
And it's a banger of a story.
Let me find something a little bit sexier to slip into.
Sexily, sexy music that is.
Let's see if I can even find this.
Okay here we go.
That's not quite, I need romantic.
That's romantic there.
A little too high energy.
Yeah here we go.
Now we're fricking talking everybody.
Let's show you what's up y'all.
We're getting sensual tonight.
What do the streets say?
They say not gay.
When the college football players play
They say they're not gay
No matter what this photo say
The players say they're not gay
They should have known being gay is okay
And we love the way that they play
Two men that are hanging out
They smile at each other now there's some doubt
You know that they are feeling sensual
It doesn't necessarily mean that I'm sexual
Heterosexual, homosexual
All I see is some football sexuals
They're grabbing the ball and now they know they're feeling it
All the pigs getting baby
The hogs go whoa whoa
Let's get into this story man.
Chase Lyanna, punter and place kick holder
For South Florida would like to clear up one thing
He's not gay
Not gay but thinks okay
Leon wrote in a reaction yesterday
Referencing a photo of him embracing
Nico Grammatica, way
After the Bulls stunned Florida
1816 playing in the kick
And now they touching right on the lips
But it's not gay if you catch my drift
It's just good sportsmanship
Every time that I slip and I touch your dick
It got real hard that's the play that I kick
Kicking off the balls man you know how we slip
I just want to point out that I am fully in support of these two
Very sexy man making eyes at each other
Kind of looks like a young Kevin Perera honestly
And I think that's beautiful
And you know what if he's not, if he is
That's for other people to say
If they're not gay
But I do think today
In honor of
Love and acceptance
We should talk to the NFL's first openly gay football
You know we get a lot of rappers in here
So let's uh
Let's talk to this guy
Look he's honestly kind of a bad representation
In the sense that he's extremely horny
And he loves to be kicked
He's a football so just don't get too confused
Um this is not
He's not a guy he's a football
They have different standards than us
And he mostly talks about fucking
Cause he's a football
Anyway let's see if he has anything to say
Oh shit he's ready to go
I can tell that he's already ready to go
Please look at this time
A football
Let me up
Let me out
Let me out
Man what
What's up
That's fine
That's in the air
I'm a team ace here
I'm gay a football
That's what I say
And I'm balling road out
Too big for your throat
Bad
Those laces up
Oh you're sucking dick I don't give a fuck
He's gay as football and I love to nut
Hike this shit
What the hell you know
I guess he spoke his football truth
Good for him
Let's get the fuck out of here
Wooo
Is this football head coach
Or is this the football head guy
Uh what that him football movie
By not Jordan Peele's but I think that's kind of it
Should we raid Thursday night football
Sure why not
They're gonna be like shout outs to
Case black well
We'll raid Bruce Green we haven't raided him in a while
Bruce he be like let's say Riri
I never get to raid her
Maybe because we don't stream on Thursday
But it's been a minute
G4 is Riri
Also check out Bruce Green obviously
But sometimes we got those unique raves
That we got to set up here
Alright
That's it
The stream is done whether it was mid or lit
Okay
We done
We setting off into that LA
Always setting sun
But right now
I'm looking straight to the back
We're gonna set up this raid
While I shout out chat yeah yeah
Patin' it like I make make up kitty purr
Or maybe I'm getting cold like my friend Skymer
No doubts bundle sprout we gettin' this sir
Alright MSG and S1000
Given this stream a nice nasty poundin'
Yeah, lotta sleazy that's the master mod God
And thanks as well commander you that bonzabo frog
Yeah yeah
We are done
MSG I agree take care everyone
We got the dinosaur emos patin' in chat
They doin' little dances myth or smith
You know I like that funnel web
Alright
We're wishin' you all a very nice good night
But the raid has happened so let's shut this stream down
Enough of me and all of these football clowns
Bye bye everybody that's gonna do us for today
Say hi to Riri Forrest if you're still here
The secret stream is ending right now
Boom