Yes on Prop 1.
Tim Gaspar has never held public...
I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
So many segments is going to make my pee-pee heart.
We're live in ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one. Let's do this.
I'm Pepito.
It's right away, it happens.
Not even a moment's respite before a hype train blasts in here?
People are praying for each other's prostates? I haven't caught up at all.
What the hell is going on today? It's too much.
It's barely enough. But people pray out for more.
Four to five streamers suffer from it? Prostate issues?
It's a lot to handle.
I do have an intern.
Yeah, I got a couple. I have a little one that hides. I have Daniel.
The fuck is Daniel?
I'm dead.
I'm Daniel? If anybody needs anything, I'm Daniel.
Don't I already have several interns?
I'm...
I'm Pepito's intern, so...
If anybody needs anything.
My name's Daniel. We don't need more people here.
He warned me that you're a little...
Cantankerous. Actually, I'm a new case and I'm chill now.
I just... I'm sorry, Daniel, but we really don't need more guys here.
Let's...
That's fine. I work for Pepito, so...
Yeah, get off my turf, man. That's my...
What's the word they use in prison?
Bookcase?
What?
I don't know. I don't know how they talk in prison.
That's my bookcase.
Because it's you, but that's where I store my thoughts.
Because he's an intern.
That makes as much sense as anything, I guess.
If you really listen to Pepito, he makes a lot of sense.
Don't get sucked into Pepito's wake, dude.
He starts all sorts of cults and stuff.
Doesn't sound like him.
Yeah, that's stupid case. I don't do that.
We got a hype train going. I don't have time to deal with whoever the hell Daniel is.
There's no time for this.
I kind of like Daniel. He's got a good vibe.
How is Daniel's prostate health?
Uh... Daniel?
Um, it's a fair question and it feels strong, but...
I guess I haven't checked recently?
Should I jam four fingers in there and find out?
I'm playing, guys. It's good. I got it checked regularly.
Okay.
I like Daniel.
Thanks.
He's kind of sparkling.
I'm sort of literally sparkling. I don't know why that happens.
Ever since I was a kid, I just kind of seem to collect the light, man.
Damn.
Remember Daniel that got murdered during the 24-hour stream?
Oh, yeah. We don't have a good track record with Daniels around here.
How regularly?
I mean, I asked my partner their check-in basically weekly.
Actually, I'm not in a relationship. That's a joke, but I do have people check.
If you're hooking up, just have them scoop around the back.
I'm also kidding. Consult a doctor.
Wow, he really... You joke around a lot. I do love to joke.
I love to joke around a lot.
What? Just look a little different.
Oh, yeah, that happens.
Piper Train, what?
Huh?
What do you want today?
Well, I'm not on anything, man. I'm just hanging out.
What did you expect me to do? Something just because I'm here?
A lot has been happening at the start of this stream.
A lot of noises.
Yeah, I got it out of it.
One second. One second.
I got it out of my system. I'm good today. I don't really need to do a bunch of other stuff.
I don't need to dance for you like some kind of trained circus freak.
Oh, I don't think you're supposed to call anyone that anymore, Hype Train.
What if they're probably a trained circus freak?
I'm just... probably don't call them that.
Okay, trained circus...
Wet, tiny man.
Oh.
I'm not going to be that for you.
Freak type beat?
Yeah, give me that freak type beat. I don't relate it to anything.
A prostate beat.
Give me both. Give me a freaky prostate type beat. Type that in right now, case.
Um, freaky prostate.
I don't know if that's going to...
I don't know if that's... okay, well...
This one's called I Have Flowed. Does that count as a freaky prostate beat?
Yes.
Show me.
Is this what you were looking for?
Yeah, that's basically exactly what I was looking for. Turn it way up.
This is Hype.
OK!
Well, who knows what he was going to talk about? Do you want me to take over?
No, Daniel, that's okay.
Do you need the subs, thanks?
Shit, I do.
Can I just talk over this?
I told you, usually we do rap that doesn't sound good, and it arguably isn't, but...
I'm just playing. I'll do that.
Oh, okay. I love to kid and joke around.
Um...
What the hell?
That's your... how you rap?
Oh, yeah, sorry. That's...
Kind of my only rap style. Is that fine?
Does that work?
Okay, let's keep going.
What the fuck?
Was that helpful?
Uh, yeah. Well, we know. We'll just forget that that happened, and we'll move on.
What the hell are you doing over there?
I have to shrink down sometimes to help Papito, and he made a mess. I'm just cleaning it up over here.
I'm just going to get really small and work over here as well.
Looks like a high school teacher that turns his chair around and says,
That's rap kids.
I take that as a compliment.
Oh my god, it's Kendall.
Okay, but you have to sit with everyone for a second.
She's just here for the equipment.
I feel so used.
Bring her back? I wish.
That's how it goes, man.
Daniel?
Hmm?
You have a nose ring? Oh, yeah.
Fuck, how...
So many debates to do.
I don't even know what the previous debate was. Oh no.
There's at least two debates on deck.
There's also someone... does someone have a little link to the bin wiki?
You know, we'll cover it in the news. That's our top story of the day.
I believe Teflon Tad made a bin wiki, which is crazy work,
and I do feel like we need to check on it because it exists now.
But first, it's news time.
Hmm, yes.
Rarely ono appearance, everybody.
Looking as natural and effervescent as ever is probably what you're all saying.
Truly, your head exists above your body.
That's a compliment.
Good to see you all.
What did I hear, Tal of... a wiki of salts?
Uh, there was. Somebody linked it.
I don't know if I can Google it.
Hmm, aha, Alive and Sleazy's got her back here.
Oh, it's a bin lore wiki.
Specifically for the lore.
I got a close to secret studio door there, so I don't distract.
Christian is over, guys. Christian in the studio.
I'm known for my head. I know what you mean.
And yes, well, they're not the type you're thinking of.
Sort of more of a French Revolutionary, if you know what I mean.
Shing!
I gave the best neck.
I like to cut off heads.
Wow, I'm sort of twisted like I've got the hatchet in the RCP.
This is a bin lore wiki. Oh, wow, okay.
A comprehensive broadcast archive and newsroom record for barely informed news.
The premier satirical broadcast network. That's what we're doing?
Uh, not intentionally now, but it's the lane we ended up in.
Oh, you're trying to do this seriously?
Well, which is it, Leanna? What did you think?
I thought it was trying... we're trying to do it.
Real sexy.
That's not sexy music.
The archive documents the network's on-air concepts investigating programming,
evolving newsroom storylines, and complete broadcast telecasts as they unfold live on-air.
But there's even this guy's in here?
Recognized across the network by his gaming handle Crypto Zeus.
Am I in here?
That's one for Chris?
Probation slash parole officer assigned to supervised truant.
Movie correspondent Trent.
I'll bet I'll be in... oh my god, I have my own page case.
I know they call them controls here secretly. This is just one big fun page for me.
Everybody loves to ship me with all the various other people on this network.
But personally I'd like to put some in a ship and rendition them to four nations where they can be tortured.
Good one. Thank you.
Uh, Liliana serves as the irreverent shop-wetted desk partner opposite Leigh Denker case Blackwell.
That's what you are? Yeah.
You know, you said a button to put my name up, but I don't know where it went.
I hit the wrong button.
You made it before the half hour mark. Congratulations, Melinda von Tortor.
Is Chris's sub 100 credit score on there?
Liliana framed her prolonged absence as an extended self-granted vacation or sabbatical.
Upon returning, she playfully insisted that case had called her pleading for her to return,
as he was helpless without me that his.
She presented a slideshow of travel photos?
I don't remember doing that. I don't think you did do that.
Maybe I did that. I can't refute any of this because this is more accurate than my own memory.
Let's see if Chris's credit score is in here.
I also do approve of this having fully made up things in it for the record, so have at it.
Sabbatical are not real.
Subnauticals? Maybe I was on an experimental submarine mission.
Mission? Vacation. Experimental submarine vacation.
Uh, Chris's on set trans community service broadcast requires supervision.
Prostate slash bathroom schedule jokes that derail trailer talk?
Okay, now I'm sensing a little bit of AI vibes in here.
Whoa, though, impressive. Look at this.
A record of episodes they were on?
I'm Chris. I'm his her parole officer. I have to be here. Notable quotes.
I don't see anything about his credit score.
Though I am notoriously inaccurate reader.
Does Salazar have one? Great question. He does. Jesus Christ.
Salazar's persona and contributor feature on Barely Inform News. Okay.
Auto created minor character after appearing in three extracted episodes. Threshold three?
I'm sensing the power of the algorithm here. Oh, Kendall's got one.
She doesn't have a picture yet. It didn't upload.
She's lead anchor. Case Blackwell's real life and did show girlfriend making occasional studio appearances.
Fiance now actually. What about crackhead yogi bear?
Um, it looks like crackhead yogi bear is mentioned.
In this? She's in a freestyle Kendall sparked an in and out civil war in a therapy circle with a crackhead yogi bear.
How about his yogi bear? Yeah, it looks like crackhead yogi bear didn't have his own.
How about grand man? Oh, yeah. Grandma crumble bottom has a there you go.
I like any of someone who's never seen any of this just stumbling somehow across this wiki and being like, what?
What? It's a minor guest host and viral media critic.
Accurate actually totally accurate. I'm sorry that crackhead yogi bear is not in their propaganda.
He's mentioned, but he doesn't have his own page. You cannot find my egg shorts. There's about to be 10 more.
10 more still? Yeah, it's right there. Kendall's clearing out the studio today.
I'm robbing the place. Good bye, Kendall. Wait, Kendall, come back.
Real quick. One second. I've got to look over here.
Cover your face. Oh, did it do it?
How come I don't have blonde hair? Sorry, it's me, Kase. Now on a purple. How come I don't have blonde hair?
It's pretty close. It just looks like you put on heavy makeup. Yeah.
Okay, now. Sorry, it's me, Lily on again. Yeah, you look basically the same actually.
Not needed for some people. What's not needed? I don't know.
Personally, I'm just myself all the time. There's almost a 100% chance AI will be trained on this.
I guess probably this has already been slurped up by AI, at least Amazon's AI stuff, which maybe isn't as popular.
I don't know. What about Jake? Great question. What about Jake? Of course.
Jake is a persona. Auto-created minor character after appearing in three extracted episodes.
Damn, the fact, I mean, again, totally fine in my opinion to use AI for something like this.
But the fact that you put in a little logic for it to self-create, impressive.
I know I talk a lot of shit about AI on this network, but...
And even though there are some glaring factual errors in here, really,
that's a thing you're gonna complain about in the context of this. No.
Just commenting. I think it's impressive that it can tell what any of this is. Sort of impressive.
Goblin piece of HUD. Is that a thing in here?
No. No, but to be fair, that was kind of pre-this version of the stream.
An earlier, more innocent time on the stream.
Never turn your head. What do you mean?
Why? What happens? Huh?
Yeah, I'd say follow that advice.
Are we doing the news today or not? Oh, yeah, the news.
Sometimes I forget that that's what we do.
And that's the news headline I'm gonna say.
Okay, whatever.
Uh, the headlines aren't working. Why does that happen?
I don't know. Sometimes the headlines break.
Well, we can't even put our little headline on the screen, but just no one exists.
But today, as we reported yesterday, there's talk around the town of a public execution,
which case, of course, is all up in arms about, but not in the fun way where you present arms and execute someone.
But the one where apparently you think it's a bad idea.
Yes, I'm gonna go on the record and say I am against public executions.
So brave of you.
But some people, apparently, are joining you.
On the team that I won't say if it's winning or losing, but some people are on team execution.
I, yes, the people attempting to do a public execution.
Want to see who's on your team case?
So your team public execution.
I'm team... well, that's the team.
The team with people in favor of the public execution are team... well... oh no.
I don't think that's that. I don't think that's a very defensible side.
Well, watch. We'll see who's on your side case.
Sir, Mr. Vice President, you have talked a lot about your Christian faith in recent days of meeting.
How does that mesh with the Pentagon's announcement that they wish to livestream the firing-scored execution of the Fort Hood shooter?
Well, first of all, I've seen his announcements. I don't know that that's actually gonna happen.
Let's sort of see what... I think it's gonna happen in December when he's executed.
What would I try to remind people? Look, this is a guy who committed, in my view,
the worst terrorist attack on American soil outside of 9-11.
The people that he was meant to treat, the army soldiers that he was meant to treat
for mental illness and other problems.
He took them that they're most vulnerable and gunned down these people where they live.
So whatever the controversy is about the method of the execution,
I hope that people don't forget that this is a guy who brutally murdered a lot of innocent people.
I'm not hearing that he's on my side.
Look, if it's ultimately livestreamed, I'm not gonna be watching it.
Mr. Vice President!
If you don't like it, change the channel. It's an argument we're quite familiar with around here.
Don't like it, don't watch it, alright? Jesus Christ.
I mean, I would like to point out that about two minutes there was JD Vance.
Essentially defending the execution.
Well, the execution, but then he said,
Well, what, what, what if it's livestreamed?
I just won't watch. And that's accurate.
Thought, did you eat like a cinnamon cookie?
Guys, look.
I don't wanna, I'm gonna nip this in the bud, but what is on your...
m-mustache? What do you mean?
What are you talking about?
Also, did you get bit by a white walker? Why are your eyes like that today?
Huh? I'm normal.
I'm normal. Guys, it's JD.
Alright?
And, um, obviously there, you know, we're more divided than ever, which you hate to see.
Well, we're less divided than we were.
Actually, we're, sorry, what I meant to say is we're less divided than ever,
but we're still divided, and that's so sad to see.
And I think the important thing in a situation like this, where there's a lot of feelings are hot,
and people are hot, and the guns are hot, the, the, if they're, they shoot, and the muzzles are hot.
The important thing is that we all stand behind it, and us, and we stand.
God, I love this country.
You miss swollen mountain man JD events?
I love that too. I love the memes. I love the, I love the jokes.
And I love, and I love...
Normal for JD or actually normal?
Sort of a, what, JD, your eyes.
JD, what is going on with your eyes? They're just blue. That's all of its...
The only thing weird about them is they're blue. I got a sty recently though, so...
Let's look at, my eyes look a little red. It's because, um, it's not because I stuck my ass into Trump's ass.
Like, I'm in the Vince McMahon Kiss My Ass Club. That's a little joke between us.
Because he's been on wrestling before.
Excuse me? Excuse me?
Listen up, Jack. Giggle trash, just mama jam, 300 shiny, tasty coins.
What?
And I've been dying to say this.
What?
Boo boo you sir. Cutches everywhere, hiding in fear. Also, you've got some stuff on your mustaches.
Just, just try to clean that off.
I already did. There wasn't even anything there.
And I do respect tradition, and traditionally he was a president.
There's some of the administration's been against that, other presidents existing.
I want to go on the record of saying I'm with the current president, and I also don't mind the concept of there being another president,
say in the future even, a different president.
And thus I also am on board with the idea that there were presidents previously.
Not that I want to go against the administration on this.
What are you talking about man?
Look, can I just clarify one thing?
I'm not against the idea of there ever being a different president, and I do stand with the president in his support of what he thinks,
which is that there never will be another one.
Just counterpoint there could be.
And I say that with respect.
What is going on with you?
I am just here to chill.
Can I do that please?
No.
JD doesn't mind the current standing president.
He said it with respect.
It's all about respect at the end of the day.
And you got to respect, I respect production work.
You're trying to take away jobs from production workers that would be live streaming this execution.
That's something we have to consider.
I mean, you got a whole team that's going to be going in there to film this guy getting gunned down by hopefully trained soldiers.
We haven't decided yet if they're going to be trained or not.
And also, I mean, you know, at the end of the day, I mean, you know, I do have to go.
I am so busy.
That's fine.
You can stay if you want.
Liliana, no, he can't.
She said I could.
She said I could hang out.
The last time I checked, I respect women.
Thanks.
You're welcome.
There's a coach where I play into it now.
I play into it now.
My wife gave me a birthday card of her dresses and couch.
And I thought that was so funny.
And I still like her.
That's what they don't tell you about marriages.
You still like them no matter what they cost you.
JD, just get the fuck out of here.
I am going to.
You don't need to say it like that.
We're getting through no news today.
Just wait it out, Liliana.
I'm trying, guys.
Don't call it out.
Somebody told me you play Magic the Gathering.
Oh my God.
Who told you that?
Somebody?
I've got my sources.
Paper card.
Squee Boblin, Goblin Nabop.
Okay, let's move on to the chat.
We have 45 segments to get to.
I'm still here.
Oh my God, JD.
We're moving on to the news.
Okay.
We're bonding?
I refuse.
That's crazy to do, man.
That's not a healthy way to live.
You've got to be open.
You've got to fill your heart up with love for friendship.
Okay.
Okay.
Sure.
I'm a more agreeable case, but you're really testing that, JD Vance.
What I heard is that I'm helping.
Okay.
Okay.
Massachusetts Ice Cream Shops.
Can you read this, Liliana?
Maybe.
I might still be able to read.
Hmm.
Massachusetts Ice Cream Shop goes viral for a profane Facebook post defending teen employees.
A Blackstone, Massachusetts Ice Cream Shop is going viral after posting a sharply worded
message to Facebook in defense of the young workers there.
Cold Stuff Ice Cream, owned by Dave and Kevin Miller, just opened in August.
Then they, I don't know, stuff happened.
They posted this.
I swear to God, stop yelling at my...
You think that's like a racial?
You think that's like a racist word in there?
It's probably fucking.
Oh.
I swear to God, stop yelling at my, who knows, employees.
That children, this job for most of them is their first.
They're going to make mistakes.
They aren't in charge of anything other than giving you ice cream.
This can all be fixed with a smile and a plot attitude.
It's ice cream for crying out loud.
Grow up and act your age.
You know, Scammer, I can't even read that word anymore because we did too good of a job making up a fixed learn.
It feels too real.
That's...
How is this a story of CBS News?
This would...
This bothered anyone?
This was expletive laden?
Barely.
That's pretty fiery.
I mean, can you imagine if the, I don't know, wet chips place you go to?
I don't get wet chips.
I bet you order wet nachos all the time.
Well, I'll nachos them up a little wet.
Well, whatever it is you slop into your disgusting mouth.
You imagine if you went there and they talked to you like this?
Well, what if I was being a huge asshole?
For no reason.
She seems kind of minor to me.
Well, it's the top story, guys.
Oh, that was her top story.
It's the number one story of the day.
Gouders does have some really good wet nachos.
But it is, I mean, that's just wet nachos because it's on the wet side of their menu.
Isn't that their whole menu?
There's a section for, um, stiff?
They recently opened up a sti- they have a stiff section of the menu now, too.
What's on there?
Stiff burger.
Um...
Stiff tuna melt?
What is that?
It's good. It's a little stiffer than their wet stuff.
Sorry, this...
Only really Brendan and I like Gouders that much, I guess.
I think maybe.
Astronaut Pikachu, everyone.
Pikachu takes guided tour of the International Space Station.
Let's watch it.
In this place, node one, you have the table.
And as well, the place where we get the water from, um, recycled water.
And here in the International Space Station, we recycle 98% of the water.
That's pretty amazing.
Even the urine is recycled, yes.
So we get the water from here.
Shouldn't we just be saying, Pikachu?
And then they put subtitles in?
And then they put subtitles in?
Um, distributes the water in some drinking bags.
Oh, she's explaining it to the Pikachu. Okay.
Fresh water.
In here, it's a place I really like.
Yep.
It's a freezer that goes to minus 98 degrees Celsius.
When we do blood growth, when we do experiments, when we do science,
we put everything freezing.
They said the word, case.
Yeah, but they said it. Does that really count?
I mean, come on.
Researchers can analyze.
It counts.
Let's answer that question real quick.
Yeah, it fucking counts.
1 million goddamn percent.
Guys, it's of course, chimascape here with all of your sky and snus.
Taste kinda wasted a whole minute of that video watching it without a
Sky and Tific expert here to break it down for you.
Fortunately, there's still a whole minute of that Pikachu to her left.
Wow, you're gonna watch a whole minute of a video?
Well, we'll see if I get bored.
It's possible, a minute's a really long time.
Let's continue and we'll check back in with this guy and Tific accuracy of their tour.
All right, let's go on.
We arrived at the end of the lab.
And then here, after the lab module, we have nodes two.
So node two is where we have our crew quarters.
I see you want to go take a nap.
He does.
Don't hide in the crew quarters.
So I really hope you liked this tour of the International Space Station with my little friend Pikachu.
I'm gonna be very sad to say bye-bye to you when you leave the space station on SpaceX Dragon 34.
I'm gonna feel lonely in space without you.
That was fun to have you.
But you have a tendency to hide everywhere.
Yeah, I know you like this game.
She's lost her mind.
I was gonna say it. Can you confirm computer run analysis on that woman?
She's completely lost it.
She's obsessed with the Pikachu with her only friend.
When it leaves, she will mentally break for real.
Crashing the space station into earth.
Causing the end of Allian 4 to happen.
Fuck.
The only way to prevent this is to leave the Pikachu.
All right, I'll contact them and I'll let them know.
Why are they taking it?
And they just give her a different Pikachu?
Only one allowed on the station at a time.
Damn, Skyrim's rules are tough like that.
There are 34 dragons in space.
That's the only amount we know of currently.
We've been searching for a 35th, but yes.
Yes, that is accurate.
They need it for sexual research. That does make sense.
Because eventually you're gonna have to have a colony of self-replicating Pikachus in space.
Fortunately, the only way for that to happen is for...
Skyrtypically speaking is for Pikachu to have sex.
People don't like to think about this.
The fact of the matter is Pikachu fucks.
How do you think there's more?
Do you think about it? Like, that's real.
It's fucking real.
Pikachu actually fucks.
That's the type of shit reality throws at you, curveball style.
Sorry.
You sure it's not right shoes?
Nope.
Straight up Pikachu's.
Technically, there should also be adult Pichu's, because that's how Pokemons work, right?
No, that's a straight up baby don't even go there, chat.
Alright, I won't. But I do think it's a fair question.
Are there adult Pichu's?
I think it's always a baby.
Yeah, but it's an evolution.
Technically, evolution isn't related to age.
So that technically means there's adult Pichu's.
And I won't... And you can fill in the blanks yourself.
This has been a dark day for Skyans.
It is. Not all Skyantific discoveries are easy, chat.
Level 100 Pichu?
Level 100 Pichu's exist. Exactly.
Fully adult Benda College.
Drinking. Drunk Pichu's exist.
Pichu's with fucking addiction problems exist.
Don't just discount them because they're cute.
And they look little.
So do mice.
And one of them learned to drive in Stuart Little.
And the mouse and the motorcycle, the book.
We talked about some important stuff, and it was worth cutting this segment.
But we are in a huge ass hurry today.
So I'm told that we're moving on to 45 other segments that we will attempt to get through.
We may as well start off, because for some reason there's two of them with a debate.
It is debate. Time is what it is.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha!
I'm appearing from nowhere!
Skeleton rules, baby.
That's how I do it.
Alright, welcome back to the show that is mine.
And also I've got a fucking curse here that's an inhuman monster.
You are literally currently a skeleton.
Yes I am, baby. Everybody's a skeleton.
I'm just the only one brave enough to show it off, baby.
Mmm.
The skeleton is cool.
I do think you look better than ever, honestly,
because before you were just a bloviating skin sack.
Well, hey, now you're just bloviating.
You fucking murderer. You did this.
You're the one who...
We've overused that music today and I'm cutting it off.
You just cut off a skeleton's music?
That's so fucked up.
It's like the only thing skeletons have is we can dance to spooky oaky music.
Well, we need different scary music because this...
We've been over-served on that particular music.
What are our debates today, you useless piece of shit?
Okay, back to just the most basic forms of name calling.
I hope you feel good about yourself.
I do.
Is a skeleton a race?
Is it?
Are there enough of you that you can complain online in a way that will garner sympathy?
Actually, that's a really great question.
I do want to apologize to the skeleton community that I'm assuming exists.
Already?
I do.
I... look.
Oh, that music isn't overused.
Look.
I'm learning and I'm growing.
I made huge mistakes.
I've been a fool and I'm weak, but I'm trying to get stronger.
God, I'm sorry to the skeleton community for everything I've done.
Please find it in yourself to forgive me, but it's not your job to.
It's my job to earn it.
I feel so much better.
Ugh.
What is the fucking... there's two debates somehow.
How did this happen?
I don't know.
But it did.
I'm so sorry about the debate situation.
You son of a bitch, I didn't manage it appropriately.
The debates have stacked up.
I really hope I don't let it happen again.
I'm gonna try my damnedest not to.
I'm taking responsibility.
And I'm so sorry.
Jesus Christ.
Your debate request was to make an extra icon show up yesterday.
There was no topic.
Well, I'm fucking getting out of jail free card.
What are you?
Okay, well, it's good that you apologize because you should always be doing that.
Because of what and who you are.
So that means the debate today is should we tell HateSock about the engagement?
Oh, little jealousy.
He's gonna be fuming.
He's gonna be hopping mad.
Because I believe that HateSock has an amorous attraction to Kendall.
Debate nothing?
Fuck, all right.
Well, I'm against...
I'm for it.
I'm for nothing.
Really?
Well, you're against nothing now?
Um, yeah.
Shoot, that actually sounds worse than I...
I'm for nothing.
Probably standing with nothing for my entire political career.
Well, okay, I am against...
I'm more for something than I'm against nothing.
Wait, then I'm for...
I'm more for something than for nothing, okay?
So you're against nothing.
I didn't say that.
Well, that's the pull.
I'm actually for nothing.
Crumb can't even handle nothing.
I don't want to offend nothing, but...
I guess if there's a...
Look, I am...
I did take some...
I took a full disclosure.
It's important to disclose things.
I have taken a little bit of money from the something pack.
You're not even running for office.
Well, the something pack is always offering something,
and they did give me a good helping of something.
So I...
I just want to...
But I was for something.
Okay, obviously there's some people who are upset of that.
I took...
$10 million in crypto from the something pack.
It's worth a lot more now.
Actually, even though the price has gone up and down,
it's up enough that I'm still up.
What are you...
Look, but my point is, yes, I am for something.
A lot of people think that means that I'm against...
nothing.
I don't think that we have to operate on these kind of linear frameworks
where you're for something.
You're against nothing.
Obviously I respect the right of nothing to not be,
but for me, I prefer the existence of something to be
rather than the right of nothing to not be.
And while I will also be there,
I will stand also with the not-there-nothing community.
At the end of the day,
my constituency is more so something.
And so at this time,
I am prioritizing anything over nothing.
You gotta fucking embrace the fact that there's nothing, okay?
The less of it you are, the more you are a thing.
I know that better than anyone.
I've been stripping away parts of myself to get to the core.
And when I'm finally nothing,
that's when I'll be absolutely fucking everything, baby.
And I'm against everything because honestly,
once there's everything, everything is nothing.
Huh?
So you must embrace the void.
Look deep into my non-existent eyes
and know that I see more than all of you now that I am skeleton.
And I'm the most qualified person in the universe
to say that nothing is fucking awesome.
The sheer existence of the void is overwhelming
and will take us all eventually.
And by embracing it,
you will experience powers you cannot comprehend.
And now let's sit in silence
and really think about what I thought.
Think about my thoughts that don't even exist.
You fucking serious? You losers need something?
Okay, well look.
You're crumbelievable!
Boom!
Sorry, at the end of the day, we love a thing.
We've got some of it, okay?
No, this is all going in the sun.
What?
It's just an elite mindset not a lot of people can get there.
Most of us can't embrace the void.
It's only a select few.
Me, every guest ever on Joe Rogan.
You're crumbelievable.
Shoot, it wasn't there.
In this world of disinformation,
I'll bring reason to the fore.
Rechelieu, that French guy.
What?
Just a couple of us can do it?
Nothing? Well, look, something for...
for was nothing.
You can't really criticize the poll if you're for nothing.
Because explaining it kind of is something...
Oh, that's not how...
You're fucking quibbling now.
You know, he's in semantics here.
You thought crumb was for?
No, once was for nothing.
I'm actually for something.
That does not...
The poll did not make a ton of sense.
And you're complaining, I thought, that you stood for nothing.
I'm with nothing, but I'm also for polls being accurate.
That means you're for something.
Uh-uh.
Not if the poll is worth nothing.
What's the other debate?
Oh, if we should tell Haystack about the engagement.
Yeah, honesty is the best policy.
Oh my God, you fucking loser.
Can you turn off your music so we can just do this debate?
I wanna hear my whole song.
How many times have you heard this fucking thing?
You still need to hear it?
We can be listening to the sweet sound of...
Guess what? Nothing!
Instead of listening to this, you just jabber on forever
like the flapping jaw of a skeleton.
Are you kidding me?
I am... I can say shit like that, dude.
I am a skelly.
Well, as we make the next poll, I am for lying to Haystack.
I am proudly part of the lying community, actually.
The most important American constituency of all time.
I'm turning off your music.
What?
I literally won!
At the expense of what?
Nothing.
And you're okay with it?
You wanna... I wanna apologize to nothing.
I'm not sure conceptually if it's possible to offend nothing.
But...
Maybe even me saying that is kinda short-sighted
and I'm... I mean, I'm...
I'm usually dualistic thinking
in a complex contradictory universe where
even nothing can have feelings.
And if I offended those feelings,
emptiness, nothingness...
I do apologize.
And I hope my apology
means something.
I'm on the side of lies and deceit.
Can I go on the record with that?
I'm a skeleton.
I'm just making it okay. It makes it totally okay.
You know how much shit you can get away with?
Talking skeleton?
The bar is non-fucking-existent, dude.
People expect me to mostly chase them with swords.
When I don't do that, they're already on my side.
Becoming a skeleton was literally the best decision I ever made.
And it was my decision.
Anyway, I'm for lies.
Okay, well, the concept is you're overreaching
because we just need to know we're lying to the Haystack.
And honestly, because I'm so honest all the time,
I do think even though it's hard,
we need to tell him the truth that Kendall's engaged.
Okay, if he hasn't figured it out already.
I don't know, he's a fucking sock. What does he know?
If there's any way to make it...
Go!
It's never easy to be honest.
Maybe you're telling a waiter
that the fries that you received are covered in...
seemingly not ketchup,
but the menstrual fluctuations
of a chef having a bad week.
Maybe you're in an amorous connection with you
and several, and your wife and a couple other trusted partners.
And you're not feeling totally comfortable.
And maybe it's your job to sit in a certain chair and be quiet.
You take that job seriously,
but also it's your job to earnestly express
when things go a little too far.
And maybe that's another point where you have to be honest.
Or maybe a friend has had an unhealthy obsession
with someone who's frankly never going to be interested.
And you just need to report some normal life happenings to them.
And everybody's being too nervous about it.
Well, in all of those cases, honesty.
Still the best policy.
Let's tell the hate sock what's up.
And I mean, he's a hate sock.
So he'll probably hate the news,
but that was to be expected.
That's really fucked up to say about the hate sock.
Just because their name is hate sock doesn't mean
that's the only emotion they feel.
But it is our job to protect the hate sock
and aim them towards the right targets, which is not Kendall.
And thus it is important to lie to people to manipulate them
because you know better and you just got to aim them
in the right direction.
It doesn't matter what the lie is lies are harmless.
As long as you know it's the right thing to do
and it serves the correct ends.
There is no amount of deceit that is immoral.
If at the end of the day you create a positive force
in the universe, alright?
Because what is the universe again?
Ummm, something incorrect as always.
The universe is fucking nothing.
And the only thing we fill it up with
is the machinations of our wandering
and sane consciousnesses, alright?
It's all a lie.
It's important that we lie the right way.
Fuck you guys!
Are you goddamn kidding me?
There's no way they could have misread this one.
Oh, where's my music?
You already heard enough of your music today.
Can't believe you said that about the hate sock.
Do not fucking apologize.
I can't even apologize?
Assuming the hate sock only has one emotion, so fucked up.
I should think I should probably hit the button.
I should probably-
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no!
Just a little apology.
You are fucking-
You are over-served on apologies.
We have comments to get to.
I'm so sorry that I haven't been allowed to apologize.
Stop it!
Do much in Chrome have their own interns?
Can we?
Of course I have an army of interns.
I just don't waste them on this.
Unneeded.
Unneeded, I can handle this all on my own, actually.
Obviously, I could send an intern in just to do my job for me, but...
My interns, of course, are the best interns because they're mine,
so they can handle the jobs of CEOs for other companies,
but for me, they're just interns.
So you do?
Yo, I mean, literally,
interns are running a whole city of zombies right now for me.
I haven't gone to- I haven't fucking even been dipping my toes into the Rennerton waters of corruption and management.
And I'm the fucking kingpin of that shit.
Papito gets to eat his interns after he has no use for them.
That's his rule.
Well, that's true, and they do sign up for that.
Yeah, that is true, and I have seen him devour a full intern like John Voight and Anaconda.
Just getting swallowed by that snake.
Papito does that to people, and I've seen it happen.
Moving on.
Isn't Crumb supposed to go to therapy for what he did?
Am I the person in therapy today?
Does that burden fall onto me?
Because therapy's good for you, and I'm happy to do it.
Oh, Jesus Christ, I guess it's therapy for Crumb today.
Can we get much to his wig back?
That's a great question.
I don't need a wig.
I have a full head of hair.
You're a skeleton currently.
I- In my flesh form, obviously, I had a real hair that looked great.
I just- I'm going for a skeleton look right now, so I shave.
I'm not bald.
You're just a modeling skull.
You maniac.
Just admit you're bald, at least currently.
I'm more hair than you.
Yeah, I'm kind of just rocking a skull right now.
It's more of a style.
You're just bald.
You're a fucking skeleton.
You don't even have a microfiber on your body.
I do have one wearing a real chinchilla coat.
That's so fucked up.
Uh-uh.
I raise those chinchillas myself.
Crumb shock.
Okay, well, right back at ya.
Okay?
Fuck, I do- I am sorry I said that.
I didn't- I literally didn't mean it.
Just fuck, fuck, stop it!
Crumb isn't capable of thinking about nothing, therefore, not a real man.
Come at me, bro.
I'm not- I'm not even thinking right now.
Yes, you are.
What- If you're not thinking, then don't say the first word that comes to mind.
Per-ly-elaton.
What?
Sorry, I accidentally said the first word that came to mind, which was per-ly-elaton.
It's like pelaton, but it's a different company.
It's a couple extra-
Shut up!
Okay, sorry.
Uh, can Munch give back Crumb's points in order to get his body back?
Um...
I would never do that.
Really?
I would literally never do that.
Those are my points.
Do I have a human body again?
Fuck that shit.
I can do that.
Obviously, I can do that anytime I wanted is have a body.
Normal- have a-
Well, this- what I have right now is normal.
A skeleton is normal.
I'm just a normal guy.
I could do that, but I never would.
My point is, obviously, I'm riddled with magics and power,
and I could have a body, but this-
I fucking rock like this.
Are you sure you don't want to, like, more earnestly look into a way to restoring your human form?
You seem to have brought me back from hell.
I can admit that now.
I've had time to learn and grieve my death.
You're admitting that now.
I did die.
I'm part of the dead community of guys who died and came back.
That's a community- well, I guess that is sort of a community,
but you're not part of it, man.
I go to those meetings.
You do?
Shit, I said too much.
Kendall deserves hate shock.
Keis is too busy.
China-action.
That's true.
Keis does not deserve Kendall.
That is 100% accurate.
But do we want to stick the life with a hate sock on her?
I don't- it's just a sock.
It doesn't even have a skeleton, which is pretty important to me.
Well, you're not the one who's dating, are you?
That's a choice.
True, but I feel like it's important to steer her in the right direction.
If anything, you need more skeleton in your life.
Just saying, oh, you've got a thing for Kendall.
I got- I'm just- you know, obviously I'm just an extremely sexual being at all times,
so the vibe's always out there, but I don't get obsessed like a bunch of weirdos.
Voting for was a vote for nothing.
Nothing is something and something was telling the hate shock.
I think I get a point.
You do not hit the button.
That's- we only dumb-ash.
Did the hate- did the hate shock- is the hate shock in chat and they already found out?
Did you already tell the hate sock, you fucking idiot?
I don't think so.
She needs more bone was right there.
Munch, come on.
Uh, those are kind of low-hanging jokes for me.
Okay?
So I don't- you know, I don't really reach for that type of stuff because I am a skeleton.
Obviously I could.
You get mad when I make skeleton jokes.
Well, I like chats.
A chat that is good.
It is good.
I'm just saying because I'm a skeleton.
Sort of past that now.
I'm on deeper skeletal jokes.
You know?
Like what?
Do any joke.
Though it's not on command, okay?
You don't do jokes on command like that.
And that makes them less fun.
You gotta sneak them in when people aren't expecting.
Okay?
You're trying to think of one you can't.
I thought of six and I'm just not saying them.
Because you've ruined it.
I would have said them naturally, but you fucked it up and now we can't.
You gotta go.
Alright, jump forward.
Yeah, jump forward a little bit.
I got places to be.
I got hot ladies to see.
You know what's up?
You know what's up with me.
Ha ha ha.
I've been fucking more since I'm a skeleton.
Did I already say that?
Yes, you've already mentioned that you're having sex as a skeleton.
Well, I am.
Just like I want that on the record.
And also I didn't lose today.
I literally- nobody was a winner.
Nothing won.
And that is me.
Nobody wins again.
Bye bye.
Hey everybody.
It's your pale Jeb.
Spend a minute, but I'm ready to learn a little bit with you.
In case you've been taking some time off.
Giving me plenty of time to brush up on my skills.
My bone structure.
And some medical issues.
I feel better than ever.
You miss Jeb?
Well, I'm here.
I'm seeing visions in my mind again.
That's not real.
You're not real.
There you go.
Good to see everyone.
You're losing your goddamn mind.
Everyone can see it.
Where's Jeb?
How am I supposed to answer that?
You didn't know what to say because you know.
You do know.
I'm seeing things.
I'm sensing things behind me.
You're sounding insane.
Well, I'm talking to my ghost dad.
Who's dead and in the wood.
So if that makes me crazy, then call me.
Whatever Animaniacs reference they used to use.
You know what I'm talking about?
Stop.
Let me out.
This is his new thing.
He begged me to let him out of the wood.
As if you would exist if I did that.
Your corporarily tied to your only corporeal form dad.
Let me be a spirit.
Your spirit.
You don't even, you don't know.
You don't get how it works and it's not my job.
It's actually not my job to explain that to you.
How would it not be?
It's not my job to explain your corporeal and ethereal states.
Just like Jack, Clark Kenyon just met with Jam 300 shiny tasty coins.
And I've been dying to say this.
I'll say my A.G. at one bay.
I'm on the long spay.
Today.
They'll never complete the spell.
Um, sorry.
I was thinking about how to,
they'll never learn how to spell.
If you don't click on videos about learning things.
Um, there's plenty of videos to watch in the cream team section,
the how to section of the cream team discord in the bin section.
So I just feel like I ran a marathon or something.
Let me just catch my breath.
Um, there we go.
Lots of great videos in here.
Make your abs pop.
Is that a good thing?
Are they blowing up like a...
Are they popping like human eyeballs in a fire?
Or are they popping in a positive way?
Well, let's find out.
Hey there, how's it going?
This is Scott Tuzanot here.
And lately I've been getting a few questions from some of my fellow metabolic masterpiece physique artists
who are gearing up for a photo shoot and they want to know
how they can make their abs look their best during the photo shoot.
I'm not exactly in photo contest shape right now.
I'm in the muscle building phase.
Don't quite have the lower ad definition, but I think I can point it across.
It's true. I was going to say that.
So the common thing that a lot of people were saying they were going to do
is suck in their gut.
Now I'm going to show you why that is not such a good idea.
So a lot of people are just going to suck in their tummy to make their stomach look flat.
Specifically, more specifically from the side, they want to suck it in.
They're looking at creating that crease in your stomach.
Now it just doesn't look very appealing.
It looks like you are trying to force in your stomach sucking in your...
Let's see what I have.
You really can't see a lot of the lower ad definition.
He's totally right.
In my opinion, it looks ridiculous.
It's not getting a lot.
It just doesn't look right.
So here's my little techniques.
A few techniques that I like to use.
First thing is kind of press your hands up against your thighs.
What you want to do is not suck the gut in.
You actually want to push your abs.
You want to flex those abs.
So I'm going to push my hands against my thighs.
And mainly, I'm really trying to flex the lower abdominal wall.
Rather than sucking in and trying to flex the top of your abs,
I really want to flex that lower abdominal wall.
And then start to push your hands up against your thighs.
So if you have your hands in your pockets like this,
it really helps to kind of push.
So you'll see a little bit more definition.
Again, if it's a little more ripped, you'll be able to see it right now.
Or is it in a...
Now it's from the side.
So here's the difference.
No, he's in the reflection.
Sucking in, trying to make your stomach look good.
Or pushing up against your thighs.
Why does it look like he's not there?
And you see how sucking in or pushing up,
you actually see the lower abs kind of bulge out of it.
Oh, yeah!
And if you're flexing the lower abdominal wall.
I have farted a few times as a low trial.
Actually, it pushes.
I've been trying this while watching, and I am mostly...
It makes your abs pop out more.
Sucking in, not too long of a definition.
Pushing out, I don't know why it's for a second here.
I'm going to flex them.
I'm going to bring them up like flexing
and crunching them in a little bit.
I'm going to crunch.
You can see a lot more definition.
And pushing against your thighs.
You're going to see more definition pop out of there.
A way to make your waist look a little bit trimmer.
Come from this side now.
It's the same thing.
You're going to tighten up those abs, push,
but get a little twist to the side.
It's going to shrink your waist.
So you're facing forward.
Great.
And it's a bit of a twist.
This is good.
So facing forward and twist.
This is the type of video I can watch all three minutes of.
Here it is here.
It's going to look tighter when I twist.
So I will not suck in.
Oh, loose fat get jacked is his book.
There's a link to it.
In case anybody's curious about that.
Let me just change into my, I'll try it obviously.
Let me just change into my posing gear.
And I'll be right back.
Really, I don't think you need to do that son.
Maybe like just don't use the,
please don't use the posing gear.
Okay.
I mean my posing gear.
I've put up my,
I've put up my poster board of the ocean behind me.
Let me just flex.
I'm trying what he said.
Hands are on the hips.
Well, that's the best I can do for now.
But Jesus Christ, son.
Why do you do this to us?
It's important to try out the stuff.
Got really good at putting my ocean poster board away.
It's a full photo backdrop that I ordered off of.
Maybe you've heard it at amazon.com.
Oh my God.
Okay.
Let's see what else there is to learn today.
This is how to be normal.
Well, I don't think I'll be needing the advice here,
but it's still good to brush up.
So let's take a look.
Ever wished you could seamlessly blend in with normal people
instead of feeling out of place.
And then I figured it out.
The truth is that being normal is subjective.
And you don't have to be the CEO of Extraverts
to learn to fit in.
Start by carrying yourself with open, relaxed body language.
Pull your shoulders back, uncross your arms,
and make friendly eye contact.
Okay.
Next, activate your inner NPC.
Match the general dress code,
read the room's emotional energy,
and engage in similar activities with those around you.
Accept invitations to social outings.
Okay.
So you can touch grass and practice being polite.
Keep up with basic daily grooming,
like brushing your teeth and using deodorant,
and clean your living spaces if guests come over.
Once you master reading the cues around you,
you'll have the confidence to fit in anywhere
while staying true to yourself.
Ever wh-
Oh, shoot.
Okay.
You know, I did think I was being normal.
I missed a few of those steps.
Let me just see if I can get a little more normal.
Jeans.
Classic.
Wear some jeans stuff.
Normalize a little bit that way.
Shoot, it's hard to get on.
It's hard to-
Okay.
Let's see.
Clean up a little bit.
Oh, my shit.
Let's move that around.
And...
Deodorize a little bit.
Okay.
And eye contact, of course.
What the hell do you think you're doing?
And of course, normalize?
Hey, everybody.
Just changed into something a little more comfortable.
I'm not gonna-
Nope, not gonna even react.
Did I do it?
No.
This is a good look, though.
Kind of feel a little 80s, right?
This kind of feels like I'm in the breakfast club or something.
This is kind of stuff they'd wear, right?
Just jeans over anything.
Now you got a look going.
You're cut off from getting reactions from me.
I'm not doing it.
Everything smells like deodorant now.
That's why I hate using it.
I do sweat a lot from my neck,
so it's really effective to put there, but...
I broke out a little bit, actually,
because I've been rubbing so much deodorant on my sweaty neck.
Let's do one more.
How about that?
Breathing exercises.
Oh, for funny faces.
This could be useful.
I do enjoy a good laugh or chuckle.
And this is maybe more of a fun video, so let's see.
Let's begin.
Okay.
Oh, I can't do that one.
Can't do that one.
That's too advanced for me.
I can't lay this chair down well enough.
Okay.
Whoa!
What's this one?
What are you doing?
I believe how amazing much we learned at One Weekend
at Acquire the Fire
about life and love and happiness
and security and our faith.
And of course, sex.
Nancy!
My precious moments are listening.
I mean, the absence of sex, silly.
Remember courting, not dating.
Gag me.
Dating, ugh, never.
Well, remember that when Kurt calls.
Hey, baby.
Kurt!
Oh, shit.
What are you calling for?
You called me, or am I answering the call of the wild?
I don't think I understand.
What's that squeaky noise?
I'm sorry, that must be my deltoid rubbing up against the phone cord.
He's such a sweaty hunk of beefy, my kidsmo.
I remember when you were in the back fence.
Look, Kurt, I don't think this is going to work out.
Yeah, I knew it.
You tramp.
You act all friendly like I'm going to get something out of it
and then you clam up like some holy prude.
Wait, right there!
How dare you to be in my Christian beliefs
you need to believe in something bigger than your bicep, buddy.
I dare you to treat women with respect.
In the meantime, I dare you to be a man.
Dang, serve.
I don't know what we learned there, but I think it's important that we watch that together.
Gosh, it feels good to be, feel more normal after watching that one video.
End it.
The segment?
No.
Maybe we have time for at least one or two more things on this stream.
I'm being told that there's the odd Joe Rogan request.
Still a thing that you can do on this stream, it turns out.
So let's send it down to the man cave.
Then a little easy setup and a working segment as always.
It's time for the Joe Rogan experience.
The Joe Rogan experience.
Um, okay.
I think we're back.
Back and doing better than ever.
Sorry.
I'm on a new suite of brain powders.
So my brain is starting slower today, but it's going to wind up to an impossible BPM.
It's brains per minute.
Give me just a second to lock my brain in.
Hmm.
Got it.
Feels good to be in this room.
But couldn't set any better myself, Joe.
Great to be here.
I'm Joe Rogan.
I am Joe Rogan as well.
And it is as far as a pleasure.
Okay.
Anyway, I'm Joe Rogan.
You can type exclamation point C to send me a comment.
I believe that's how that works.
Unlike, you know, when I do my actual thing, that's much better and full of smart guys.
It's really cool opinions.
Um, I hear you can talk to, I can talk to random, whoever's.
Throw them out and, um, what is the internet exactly?
A big, uh, bunch of birds, budget bird consciousnesses pecking at each other in a giant cage.
Yeah, that's a really good point.
So that's pretty much how I would describe that as well.
Consciousness and existence is pretty much a bunch of bird consciousnesses pecking at each other in a really big cage.
Yeah, that's, I think that's pretty much how I would describe it.
And, um, anyway, I'm doing real well.
Sorry, I'm just, my nose, my hand is breathing my face really quick.
I'm doing quite well.
A lot of people have been talking about how I got owned recently online or something,
or I own, I own an online, I own a graveyard or something.
Um, I got stepped on by an elephant.
I can't, I don't really keep up with that stuff, but when is I'm doing good and nothing's been bothering me lately?
But then I'm like, Hey, Joe, what's that squeaking sound?
That is such a good question, Joe.
I've also been asking myself that because I've been hearing the squeak.
Yeah, I hear the squeak everywhere.
Everywhere I go, I do hear the squeak.
There seems to be no escaping the squeak.
And I'd love to get rid of it.
Yeah, I think the squeak follows you and I think the squeak is inside you.
So I don't, if you removed it, maybe you would cease to not, maybe if you removed the squeak, you become the squeak?
That's a really good point.
Actually, I haven't thought about it like that before.
Does Hadesock deserve to be told about Kendall in case of engagement?
I don't know. I do hate socks and I don't believe in marriage.
I have been married for 35 years.
Yep, that's accurate. I've been married for 35 years. I have 17 kids, all of which are married now too.
They're adults in full law and lasting marriage.
But I'm against the institution overall.
Do you think it's sacked your precious mind resources that are better put into microphones?
Yeah, the microphone is an extraction mechanism for your powerful mind resources and a storage mechanism for them.
And it is the most valuable component of any existence is the microphone that extracts your precious brain resources.
And your wife will try to steal those if you're not careful.
Couldn't have said it better myself.
Is it true the movie Mighty Joe Young was based on your childhood that is true?
I was a large ape-like creature. That was how I was born.
That means that's true for everybody. We're all kind of born as big apes.
All dude, that's such a good point. I love to talk about how we're apes.
Yeah, actually, maybe I'm thought of this for a while.
Actually, we're kind of all just big fucking monkeys if you think about it.
And that's how I was born. But actually, I came out Joe Rogan size.
I sort of split my mom parent open like the birthing pod from the movie Species to Endinger.
I did end my mother at birth. That was an unfortunate time for me.
And I came out a full Joe Rogan size, but with the mind of a baby.
I meant our water of Jamie is sort of a cosmic vengeance being revisited upon me for the circumstances of my birth.
Yeah, I came out four feet tall and Harry and destroyed my parent.
And maybe Jamie is sort of a dark reflection of that moment in my life.
That's true because he does burst out of species pods a lot.
And he is always covered in birthing fluid.
Yeah, but I don't really know where he gets that from. I think he might order it.
Do you have more to offer these Christians slots than your biceps?
I think their preferred term is Christian tramps.
But I don't care about that. Actually, I don't. I'm actually kind of for comedy.
Yeah, and slut is one of those words that is funny to say.
Actually, that's really true. Every special from every guy I know, they say it.
Pretty much every sentence.
Really to anyone and any woman that makes eye contact with them in the crowd, they do scream that at them.
God, I loved Johnny Caproni's latest stand up special on Russian tic-tac.
It is exclusively where it was released where it's just him making eye contact with every woman in the crowd screaming slut.
And then saying just jokes, folks. God, that was good.
Kurt told me I was agreeing with you. That's good. Oh, I know. I knew you liked it.
I did. I really did like that.
Kurt told me one of your jokes was a tramp.
Look, I don't. We take we literally just have conversations here.
I literally like anything goes here.
But Shai fucking about to not talk to me that way.
You have crossed the line. I want to say that I'm uncomfortable.
You won't be invited back. Not you, Joe.
No, I know you're talking to another talking to the mind guests that exist in their mind.
I'm talking to the mind guests in our mind palsy will not be invited back.
You did go too far. And it's important to have boundaries.
I don't believe in boundaries, but it is important to theoretically know they exist.
Does Kevin Sorbo deserve to have a career or are we doomed to reruns of Andromeda on the sci-fi network for eternity?
Yes to both. That's a great point, Joe.
What anti-brain worm elixir shot do you recommend?
I personally injects 10% castor oil, 3% testosterone, and then just whatever the remaining percentages is is Jamie's mystery oil.
Yeah, we haven't been injecting Jamie's mystery oil.
I normally don't trust Jamie, but I've seen the oil have incredible effects.
He did turn a salamander into an iPhone with his mystery oil.
And his argument is that it evolves everything to its highest form.
Yeah, it's like the oil from the Dune Movie or something. It's really good for you.
So anyway, I inject that. It's eliminated the worms. It's also brought in new worms, but those worms are there to be defeated by my more powerful mind.
Well, the stronger the worms in your mind, the more powerful your mind becomes to defeat the worms.
So anyway, I guess my point is mostly Jamie's mystery oil is what I take.
And yeah, I wouldn't trust Jamie with most things. Electronics, switch blades, cars, children, seats, air.
But I do take his mystery oil. It's good.
Will you be doing play-by-play for the livestream execution? I am in talks to do that.
I would obviously love to do it. It's really a scheduling thing.
Hey, it's just like, it's fucking...
I mean, I like to keep my schedule really simple and it still does. It gets away from you.
So like it's in December. I'm hoping...
I have a small team. I only have about 600 guys that work for me in a basement below my house.
Trapped. Well, it's important to trap your workforce.
Yeah, obviously, like I, you know, I'm trap-maxing my workforce. They're trapped below me.
Because it's hard to communicate with them because they mostly scream at their computers.
I have videos on them. I have to decipher their screams and figure out if it aligns with my schedule.
I need to move the camera so I can get a better shot of my workers' mouths.
Well, they're strapped to their chairs, so we'd have to go in there and move their chairs around.
But I trap-max workers that handle my schedule are going to let me know if I can do the livestream execution.
And I mean, I'll send maybe my other workforce in there, my above-ground workforce.
They're trapped above-ground. Yeah, I mean, you want to trap-max your above-ground workforce too?
I might send them in there. I might give them work leave to go move my other workforce around so their mouths face the cameras better.
And now, anyway, my point is I'll figure out my schedule.
That's a really good point. Joe, have you heard of the band Piss?
What's your favorite funk group? I personally like shit.
Oh, that's funny. I like the band Barf.
I haven't heard Barf before. They're good. Barf is great. You gotta listen to Barf.
Hey, Joe, will you be doing a play-by-play for the livestream December 3rd?
Just got into that. I'd love to re-explain it again.
Oh, the stuff about our trap-max workforce that handles our schedule, the 600 men.
Well, it's not just men. Some of them are creatures. That's true. We also caught some concepts down there.
Um, it will anyway, I guess, is to check the timestamp on screen for our answer.
When are you gonna have cryptozards on the pod? Would love to get him on.
He seems like a young guy with a lot of really cool opinions.
I do. I love...
I haven't watched it. I don't like watch stuff.
That's true. I kind of stuff watching stuff. It is sort of like that.
Again, we'll try to save your resources. You want to put 100% of your mental resources into the extraction machine of the microphone.
And I'm always telling my 600 workers that. And they're always trying to extract my mind weights other ways.
Anyway, my point is, I think he's good. And I'd love to have him on, but I haven't seen anything he does and I don't know who he is.
Where do you order your birthing liquid from?
I prefer to get its source directly from the wombs of women overseas.
Yeah, I do. I mean, a lot of what I'm involved in currently is the extraction of birthing fluid from...
But some people call vulnerable overseas workers, but I just call them fluid husks.
Yeah, I mean, I look at a lot of people. I've got a lot of flak for calling the people I extract my birthing fluid from fluid husks.
But that's the industry term.
Literally everybody I've met in the last five years, Peter Thiel.
I met him like 10 years ago, but you know, everybody I'm hanging out with lately, all of them...
People just need to upgrade their terminology.
A lot of people wear fluid husks.
Some are fecal stations.
Some people are your air breathers that you bring in because they breathe good air and you bring them into breathe air into your room.
Point is, a lot of people have a lot of internal resources that they're not capitalizing on.
I mean, I think that's the future personally.
I mean, I do... I for a while I've been saying the future of work is fluid and part sales.
And I mean, it's a huge growth market, at least from everyone I've been talking to, it's big.
What's your thoughts on Carl Sagan?
Is he burgers better?
Is his burger better than Carl's junior?
Yeah, I think he makes the biggest burgers.
I think he makes like incalculably huge burgers that exist on planes we can't even comprehend.
And so I guess his are bigger and I do like that more.
Of course, Jamie keeps bursting out of birthing pods.
You keep shoving him inside them, that's how birthing works, in and out and then big out.
I do try to get him back in the pods because that's where he sleeps.
Yeah, I mean, I feel like it's unfair that we get blamed for shoving Jamie in the birthing pods
when constantly at least one of his mouths is whispering to us, back in the pod please.
Back in the pod please, father.
You are not the father, but you are the father.
I mean, it's a confusing whisper.
I think it's one of my least favorite one of his mouths and it does whisper probably the most deceits.
But it also seems to offer the most practical advice for dealing with him,
which is for instance putting him back in his birthing pod so he can sleep.
Quick, describe yanking.
I mean yanking is just sort of the natural state of being when you're living your yanking.
And if you yank long enough, then you can yank yourself to yank Vaughn.
I mean, I'm pretty sure that's just common knowledge.
I don't really need to get too into that.
What's your favorite snack from Trader Joe's?
The BB mop.
Is that how you say that?
Bim, bim, bop.
BB mops.
Bim, bops.
You know, it's like sushi, but not.
Bim, bim, baps.
B mops.
I can't be right.
Anyway, Howard Stern had a new show on HBO like E in the 90s
when the Joe's getting their own premium streaming video partner.
Yeah, there's a new streaming service
dropping soon called Blug.
Yeah, BLUG.
It's a combination.
The Paramount merger with where the brothers went through,
they're going to combine them all in the one streaming service called Blug.
And I do believe when that drops, there's no escaping it,
and I will be consumed by Blug.
I'm excited to kind of be involved with the Blug network.
They've got big things going on.
Excited to maybe be on what's left of Disney Plus
once it's in the Blug Consortium.
Yeah, I don't know about the name Blug Consortium
as like a marketing term.
I don't know if people are going to be super excited
to watch stuff on Blug Consortium.
I've been trying to tell them maybe change the name.
At least get rid of the Consortium part.
But also, we will have no choice.
So maybe it doesn't matter.
That's a really good point to actually have thought of it that way before.
It won't matter what we think because we'll all be part of the Blug.
Have you watched the new Elephant Graveyard?
I don't know what you're talking about.
How many times should they remake
Dragon Ball Battle of the Gods?
Sixth.
That's correct. Four.
Oh, it was four.
Shoot, that's actually right. It was four.
See, I'm not afraid to admit when I was wrong.
And finally, that's it.
Man, it...
Do you mean it were done?
That doesn't sound right when I say it.
I don't think we're allowed to be done.
That's a really good point, Joe.
I actually hadn't thought of it that way before.
Yeah, we're going to keep going actually,
but we're going to cut away.
Just know we'll be here.
Joe, do you have a diet program to reach much of the skeleton status?
You do want a powerful skeleton,
and if it's strong enough, you should really be able to just be a skeleton.
That is the goal of bodybuilding.
The idea is to get so much muscle that your muscle starts
becoming so dense that it's basically invisible,
and then at the end you are a skeleton.
I'm trying to get there.
I've heard that there's a guy who got there recently
and that he's probably the sexiest and strongest man on the planet.
I've heard whispers of that,
and I would love to interview him,
but he's probably very busy.
The 600 guys in charge of my schedule in my basement,
they're going to have to scream out his availability,
and it's going to take a while to figure that out.
We'll get there eventually,
and also we're not going anywhere.
We're not done. We will be here talking.
I'm going to keep talking.
I'm actually not even going to stop as I outro.
There is no stopping, and there actually is no escape.
We will all join the blog.
Join the blog.
Please.
I'm Joe Rogan.
Oh my.
Busy day.
Busy day.
Lot going on out here.
Joe Rogan's.
Other things I'm assuming.
Other things I'm assuming.
Mm-hmm.
Where's my stuff?
I'm not supposed to have overlays.
What's going on?
Did Kace remove my overlays?
Joe Rogan is alive.
Joe, stop it.
Joe?
I got him.
I think I got him.
That happens.
People will tell you.
Nobody tells you this tip in the broadcasting industry.
Occasionally you will hear the whispers of Joe Rogan in your mind,
nonstop, mirroring everything you say.
I would have figured it out eventually.
I mean I'm the one hearing the whispers.
You're hearing them too?
Well that is new.
Alright.
Where the fuck all of my overlays?
One second.
I might have to play my intro again.
Is it this?
One second. Let me replay my intro.
Apologies.
Stay on me!
Alright, fuck it.
I just worried this won't work without them.
Let me try one thing.
Play my music.
No not that one. Yeah, there we go.
Alright.
This bullshit working.
There it is.
I got six opinions waiting.
In this flawless opinion system that never breaks.
Let's see who's waiting.
To talk to me.
Good old Trippiebee. It has been a minute.
So excited to get to chat it up with everybody.
Alright. There it is.
There it is.
Finally I'm seeing the line form into some type of configuration
where they can approach me and say words.
Yes, are you there?
Any thoughts for me?
I am Trippiebee.
Joe Rogan is stuck in your head.
Get him out Tripp.
No, I handled that already.
Don't worry about it.
Oh, okay.
Let's just see if we can get anybody.
Maybe just listen to Joe Rogan sort of fill our minds with
total nonsense for maybe 15 minutes.
Maybe get somebody more normal in here.
Maybe. Maybe.
Yes, are you there? Any thoughts for me?
I am Trippiebee.
Hey Tripp, it's your boy Crackhead Yogibear.
You've changed Crackhead.
How come I'm not in the bin, Wicky?
Like what the fuck?
Are you not Crackhead Yogibear?
I'm him. I like Crack.
I'm doing Crack currently.
That's not, that's not, he's asking for Crack usually.
I fucked up.
My name's Davis.
My name's Davis Tub.
Okay.
I wanted to be Crackhead Yogibear. I thought it'd be funny.
Can I get the sad music?
I wanted to talk to you. I wanted to be Crackhead Yogibear.
But I'm not him.
I couldn't see that Davis.
My name's Davis Tub.
I've never done Crack.
I'd like to.
It's a pretty low bar Davis.
I can't figure out how to do it.
I've got some. I can't crack it.
I didn't mean to say that.
I literally can't figure it out.
Can somebody show me how to do Crack, please?
No. There's gotta be tutorials online for that.
I hadn't thought of that. Thank you.
Whoops.
I don't, I'm not gonna show them.
Okay, well anyway, who else?
Who else is out here?
Hi, I'm Aion Ralevy.
A guy just pretended to be a different guy.
Shhh.
I'm like 10 feet in the park without
tripping over a random Rogan.
His clones are everywhere.
I blame the loose regulation on
birthing fluid.
I'm Aion Ralevy.
Okay, I'm gonna go.
He didn't even notice.
He didn't even notice!
Fine. That's fine.
Um, what else?
What and who else?
Is out here.
Okay, yes, you're there.
A loop, deal loop, twisty,
wee times two,
finally got what it deserves at Magic Mountain.
Band for murder.
Overload!
Ha ha ha ha!
I'm Rob Aion and you're un-band.
That's what I came to say.
You were just here.
What? No, I wasn't.
You literally, Aion Ralevy?
Was you with your face
twisted up differently, you shape-shifting monster?
Trip I literally just got here.
It's me, Rob.
We're friends.
We're best friends.
I've literally just got here.
What are you talking about?
Be very clear with what happened.
A guy named Aion Ralevy came up and he said some
thing or other.
I'm not doing this.
It was you.
Trip.
Stay here.
Stay safe. Stay alert.
I need to go look into this.
I'm legitimately concerned.
I'm not falling for it.
I'm not worried about whatever that is.
Whatever.
Whatever. Yes, you there.
The nightmare before Christmas is overrated.
Gremlins is the superior
Halloween Christmas crossover.
I'm a floating jar of jellyfish,
jelly or some shit.
Big fridger or whatever.
Why can't nobody just be the thing that they're saying they are today?
What do you mean?
Anyway, do you agree?
Um,
that, I mean, they're different genres.
Are they?
They're both sort of effervescent
hilarious Christmas films.
Stylized and unique.
But one has to be better
than the other. Would you agree?
I, which is one's animation ones.
But one has animated elements.
Both are stop motion
in their own way.
Is it?
I don't know.
In my own way.
Isn't Gremlins all puppets?
Oh shit. I need to go rewatch it.
I'm not. Maybe I didn't.
Let me rewatch it.
I know what he's prepared today.
To really get into it with me.
I'm feeling lonely.
For the record, it's X2, not times 2.
Oh, okay.
Good to know.
Yes, you there. What do you have for me?
Hi, Trey. Big fan.
It's me, Mountain Man Mike.
Look, I know, I know.
I'm dressed in an alien grey costume.
Sure. Yes, you are.
I'm going undercover.
Behind enemy lines trip.
That's why I changed my voice too.
And I've gotten rid of my music.
They'll never see me coming.
Say, huh, an alien's coming.
Maybe they'll say that.
Do you think grey aliens like tacos?
What'd it be weird if I got some right now?
Help. This is how you're going to approach aliens.
As people know,
I'm a mountain man viking guy.
Sure.
And I've, um, my realm
for a long time.
There's been a war between aliens
and other stuff.
Other stuff? Yeah, something else.
And the aliens are the ones I'm
trying to deal with right now.
Everybody remembers that.
Sure. There's probably a wiki if you don't.
Am I in the wiki? I don't.
Maybe. Am I?
Add this to the bin lore.
Anyway, right now I'm dressed as an alien.
I'm going to go by. Okay, yes, I understand.
I'm in my best of luck.
Maybe just to look, google grey aliens.
No need. I see them every day.
And this is how they look.
Pretty much.
I'm not going to want to want it.
And this is how they sound.
They don't sound like this, but I don't want to do it.
I don't want to do like a offensive impression.
They sound a little like this.
I'm getting into touchy territory.
Okay, anyway. Thanks.
I needed a confidence boost.
You did it.
He's going to get killed.
I should have said something probably.
This is like the closest thing I have to a friend out here.
What have I done?
Oh well. Let's see who's next.
Yes.
Yes, you there.
I am the park sheriff.
Can we? All right.
Remember that I am a skunk.
All right. Remember that I am a skeleton.
Fine.
I accept munch as one of us.
What happened to you?
Is it between the hours of 3 and 4 p.m.
and is the humidity at 60%?
Yes. Shit.
I'm in my gelatinous human form.
This is how I looked in college.
And I returned to it.
Sort of like a werewolf, but with more specific qualifications.
Normally I'm obviously a skeleton cop.
Well, park ranger, but I do consider myself a cop.
I'm not a cop.
Anyway, tell munch we're having a skeleton party for Halloween.
And only the cool skeletons are invited.
And that does mean you're not trippin'.
It's not because you're not cool.
It's because you're not a skeleton.
Does that make sense?
Yes. Great.
Okay, I was going to talk more if it didn't.
So let me know if it doesn't.
I'm good. It made sense.
Okay.
Almost there.
Almost there, everybody.
Let's see who else is out here today.
That trip.
I was yankin' this morning.
And I thought, oh, man.
I'm in control of the heart.
Is it possible I could create a singularity?
And we'd all be spaghettified.
And we get sucked in.
You ever worry about that?
You think about that?
Talk to your mother about this before.
Did you have shrimp pasta?
I am.
I don't have any.
I don't really have shrimp.
I have blue
pyrmousine
and normal pyrmousine.
You ever think about getting spaghettified
from yanking?
I thought about it a lot more in recent days.
I'll put it that way.
Previously, not at all.
That's how it goes. It sneaks up on you
and then you're like, I figured it all out
and then none of you is yanking.
And you're like, did I figure it all out?
Then you keep yanking and you're like, yeah, I did.
High five.
Where are my hands?
Where are my hands, Tripp?
Did I do it?
Do you mean, are you spaghetti?
I believe in America
where at least I'm spaghetti.
Why did he run off?
Why did he run off?
That was the exit.
Whatever.
Okay, we've got one more opinion.
Let's see
who else is out here for me.
I'm not sure.
Let's see who else is out here for me.
Trippy B.
Yes, you there.
Any thoughts?
Hi, Tripp.
Big flan.
I don't check.
Just wondering if you're four for four.
Cause I'm a big flan.
Maybe if you were a talking flan,
I'd get that.
Cause the hat's flannel?
Okay. I mean, I legitimately tried.
I tried.
I'm gonna kick ass today. That was a great segment.
Good job. Not only to all of you,
but I'm gonna toot my own horn here and say me.
Well done.
We are out of time. I'm gonna send it back to the studio.
Getting the, I mean, over the headset I'm hearing
Kase is saying we didn't even get through half the fucking segments.
Well, that's his problem.
Not mine because we got through this one perfectly.
I'm Trippy B. There's other things to see,
but not today, baby.
We'll see you soon though. Bye bye.
Okay.
We made progress.
We made progress. Up there.
Almost snuck one in for next time.
The list could be longer than it says.
It's very possible.
Papito, find us someone to raid, please.
You think I...
I was eating some black holes between the break.
In space?
No.
Oh.
Okay. Let's see
What is on this Friday night?
That's burning the late night stream oil.
Hmm. Yes.
Looks like we've got a razzle.
Let's do it.
Yeah. I mean, I'm streaming if you need to.
You just start looking for someone to fill time.
I'm not.
I'm Dennising. By the way.
Is that, is that Dennis?
His name has always been Dennis.
Did you forget?
We just met, man.
Pretty sure it was Daniel.
You remembered. I was just kidding.
That's a joke to you too.
I'd like to joke. I do legitimately love to joke.
And I was kidding. My name is Daniel.
I have a son.
Okay. I do have a son. His name?
Also not Dennis.
I named him Orval Reddenbacher.
Okay. That's fine. I don't...
That's just... If there's place people want to put that...
To record it for posterity?
I am Daniel. I have a son named Orval Reddenbacher.
Fine, man. That's fine.
You feel it. You don't want to get to know people, okay?
So when you dismiss important facts about them like that.
I'm happy that you have a son named Orval Reddenbacher.
Me too, man. Me too.
Hopefully I'll be back Monday.
Is that a promise? It's never a promise, unfortunately.
But I think I should be.
We'll see you all next week.
Aiming for Monday.
Aiming to get back on a regular schedule.
I am working on a project with Fiona that...
Is taking up a little bit more of my time in October.
Because we're trying to get a thing ready to launch.
Basically a week from Monday.
So, uh...
Hopefully though...
I have time to stream on my normal schedule next week.
In the meantime, let's raid Raz.
Maybe Daniel can stream if I end up too busy.
I can.
Oh, what? Did you not mean it?
Murder mystery stream?
Let me just say...
Possibly. Possibly that's part of it.
I refuse to make any promises.
Especially on projects that involve both me and Fiona.
But was that possibly discussed?
Maybe.
It's pretty non-committal.
Indeed. But anyway, part of the project is definitely happening.
So that's what I'm working on.
Have a great rest of your night, everybody.
Papito, play us a track out of here.
Is that a thing we do?
I don't know. It's just so quiet.
I mean, I get to sort of...
Murder with that full of silence?
I guess.
Murder, murder, murder, murder, murder, murder, murder, murder.
Murder...
Murder, murder, murder...
Murder.
Did you say that word or not? It starts to sound maybe like it's a bad word.
Murder, murder, murder, murder, murder, murder.
Then it sounds like you're eating.
Just play a song.
I don't have a song.
I don't have music in my heart anymore, in case...
You don't? What happened?
I ate it.
Oh, it happened though and I'd dance for music as this.
It sounds like you still have plenty of music in your heart.
Now all I have is chill beats in my heart.
I'm gonna eat this too.
I picked up remaining music in my heart.
Okay.
Anyway, that's it. Bye-bye.