I'm Pepito. I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
We're live in ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one. Let's do this!
I'm Pepito!
There we go. Now I should be back.
Hello everybody. I hope you're having a wonderful Friday.
We've been gone all week in the great state of Hawaii, home to one of our presidents for sure.
Previous, from there at least.
And now one of the definitely not presidents visited there, me.
You know I've been told it's actually not great to do tourism in Hawaii currently by Kendall,
but we had to go because it was a wedding.
Wedding trumps, unethical tourism. That's just the way it goes.
Hope everyone has been doing well. I don't think I really missed any news.
I was out, so it's fine. Yeah, exactly entity.
The news takes a break whenever I'm not around. Everything's been going good.
But we'll get into it.
Oh, it's Friday. Man, I'm so behind on making these songs, but that can't stop me from activating the request anyway.
Yeah, I didn't actually have to go to the wedding part. I was just there for the vacation part, but Kendall had to go for a wedding.
And I had to go for moral support for her to go to that wedding.
Did I just relax at the resort? No, because I was worried about the wedding.
Okay, okay, here we go. Sorry.
Um, looks so good every time.
Peter, can you get actually behind the board? Yeah, I was there.
Why was there a tiny version of our intern? I have a little guy down here that helps me.
You shrink the interns when you need their help? I have many strange powers, Kayce.
Really? Okay, well, let's just get into it today before I choke on the air.
Yeah, I was an expensive travel pillow. She could have just brought a hot anime travel pillow and had kind of a hotter guy.
Courtesy of that. And said she brought the expensive version of me.
No question the powers of our Pope?
By the holy will of God, God.
It's like God, but with an A and an R.
Guard? Guard is the guard of our religion.
Since when? Since the dictate I just made.
In the religion of Papito, God is guard and it's spelled G-A-R-D.
I'm impressed that you can spell. I already forgot how I spelled it.
I am God. What? God is a holy trinity.
Okay, you're just adding different vowels to other religious things.
A holy trinity of God.
Puffy's a travel pillow? Oh, I could have gone and gotten Puffy Bear.
It's another thing. I'm right there with a workout stream in the murder mystery.
An unresolved stream goals. I've given up on stream goals basically for the time being because I haven't paid off too many of them.
Scarguard?
A Kellen Scarguard is one of the bishops of
Papetology.
Papetology.
Papetology.
Stop adding Rs to things. It's Papetology.
It's the religion. The...
Arc.
Stream goals to pay out stream goals?
At that point, I basically created a pyramid scheme for just me.
The Holy Tronody. Tron from Tron, Tron from Foo Bar and Megatron.
That would be unstoppable. That's a great point, Subrichi.
Yes, the Holy Tronody.
Tronody.
Is Tron part of the Holy Tronody?
Only the third one.
What? Only the Geronito Tron is part of the Tronody and the religion of Papetology.
Because we're all about thirds, Case.
Oh.
I can't help it if you don't like the main actor in that.
I thought he was good, honestly.
You watched Tron Legacy?
Is that the one where he's a vampire?
You know what, sure.
And I saw it.
He seems like a cult leader?
He is a competing cult leader.
And that's why I have mixed feelings about the third Tronology and the Tronody.
You know, we're just gonna go to the news.
You know, I can't keep up with your lack of thought process.
Keep up, baby. This is what God looks like.
Lupin is the third?
Lupin's in. He's one of the Cardinals. The Cardinals.
Sorry, everything is a little bit different in my religion.
It's just different vowels and there's extra R's everywhere.
And that's why it's actually not just the Cardinals. It's the Cardinalers.
I got good ideas.
Hmm.
Trinity the Atomic Bomb Movie can be in there?
It's in.
Just when I thought I could get to the news?
This is what happens when you distract me, Pipito, with your religious musings?
If we can even call them that?
You can't. I mean, it's wrong, but you can't call them that.
Fine.
Fine, I say.
Where is the hype train?
I'm here.
The hype is real.
The hype is real.
He's sound weird today.
He sounds weird to me.
My man, I sound good.
I'm so good.
Yeah, right.
Um, Episcopiscopisology.
That's a religion too. That's the hype train religion.
I'm a competing religion, but the religion is a female.
Never just pronounce words today.
We're gonna just go with the lazy lack of pronunciation for the lowest?
In fact, you said that just shows the suitcase.
And then I'm saying it's a little light.
WOO!
Oh my god, it's frickin' KP attack.
Attacking the chat.
Let's rap about Kevin Pereira today.
Don't do that to Kevin.
Occasionally when Kevin checks in on the stream, he doesn't need to hear raps about Kevin.
Yeah, he does.
Uh... Kevin today.
Okay, fine.
If you do it, you- I'm not gonna be able to stop you from doing what you wanna do anyway, head-train.
So just do whatever it is you do, I guess.
No, you're supposed to push back on this stuff, dude.
You're here for the ripping and rapping?
Give me a Kevin Pereira type rap beat.
What do you- what would that even be?
I don't have to worry about this type of thing, dude.
You type it in.
To YouTube and make sure it exists.
There's an Alex Pereira road to the top type beat. Does that count?
Yeah, that is definitely close enough.
That actually fully counts.
Look at this Kevin Pereira type beat that I found.
I found it.
You're either joining Ice or FaZe Clan?
Well, I think this beat will work for you then, Kevin.
I think that works. Great.
Mmmmm.
I must be in heaven.
I'm an end to the chat. It's sign number one big fan that's Kedin.
Yeah!
I love that guy. I love him on, um...
Two guys in a pizza place. Put the pizza on, I love the place.
He wasn't in that.
Man, I love that guy. I love him in Free Guy.
I love Kevin Pereira in the movie Free Guy.
Ooh, yes! You know it sucks.
Giving that- that bit of love Kevin in the movie if...
Okay, you just think Kevin's Ryan Reynolds?
Boom, yes I do.
Because I'm the same guy, baby.
And you know that it's true. When Kevin goes through,
Ryan Reynolds comes through too.
The same guy in different masks, you know that it's true.
Uh... I just don't... Why?
Why not?
Believe in the infinite possibilities of Kevin.
Believe in that case!
He was great in Heroes?
I love Kevin in Heroes as the Asian guy.
The guy that could simply stop all the time.
He'd stop time and put on Asian face.
That was Kevin.
That was Kevin.
He looked really good, man.
As the Asian guy to stop time.
I also really liked him.
Django one chain.
Okay.
As Quentin Tarantino.
That was Kevin.
Kevin always writes his own movies so he can say N-word in his own movies.
That's Kevin.
That's Kevin.
That's Quentin.
That's Kevin.
It was so off.
What? Well, that was close enough?
coz I've been nice and slow on me.
Cuz I tell the tale of Kevin Gorance.
I love you to Kevin.
Love you to Kevin.
I love you to Kevin.
Sorry for the hype trends, antics that I can't be blamed for.
I'm just so precocious.
Now we have fun here,
Just like Kevin had fun hosting the show, fear factor.
Joe Rogan and или Johnny Knoxville.
a break from puffing some dark chowder
Open AI has been sponsoring Kevin's dark chowder habit extensively. I honestly think they probably at this point spent millions of dollars
Generating dark chowder Kevin videos. I'm not sure if that's an exaggeration
I've heard competing figures on how much it costs them per video that gets generated
But I think it's possible they spent a million dollars and Kevin's dark chowder habit
Using Joe Rogan and Ronald
I say we just move on
To what case these adjust where you are in the frame, so it's actually zoomed in on you
Thumbs I guess seeing as you scared Kevin off with all the slander
Hugh Jackman, that's probably pretty loud
I can't actually monitor the music very well anymore because I changed how the audio works why I don't know
I just do stuff like that. Give me a different Kevin Pereira type beat. That was the only Pereira type beat that popped up on YouTube
Okay, there is also a Pereira Latin type beat. I do take it back
There's another Pereira type beat. There's a Pereira Latin type beat that I overlooked
That's actually Kevin in the background
of that's a dark chowder
The cigarette form of dark chowder
It's rare you can only actually get it in
In Latin type countries
Man I forgot to charge my wireless audio thing
I eliminate the audio
I'm talking about a huge beer
Chugging about a huge beer
Chugging about a huge beer
For the first time this year
Chugging a huge beer
Chugging about a huge beer
What does chugging about a huge beer mean?
Chugging about a huge beer
It's the new year and I'm chugging about a huge beer
Anyway we got dang it on twist with the 38 months and here's the cinch
We also got 35 months coming past her band and they dropping the bricks
They'd like to sub 10 and two guys and a piece of place
You already said that
But it's still true
Still coming right through
Can't be attacked with some subs for you but actually by you I'll be me
And they never will free me
Gippin me money and baby
Doesn't count as freestyling
We just subbed that's been 35 months
And you know they done friend
Daggered on twist 38 months and they live in the shit
We're almost close to the four year anniversary of CarMove
Thank you
For that historical reminder
There's also some bits in there
Now there are
And who I just wanted to shout out again Kevin the star of
Three guys
A Chevy
A Dodge Durango
And a Pizza Planet
One of my favorite shows
Grow way to go CarMove
Did you just call me CarMove?
I'm a different guy
All locomotive vehicles look the same to you
I don't
What?
You need to look at the definition of the word locomotive
Actually you do case
You're trying to tell a train what locomotive means
But keeping it to clean
You're trying to talk to me but what a train is
Being a train is actually how I live
Shout out CarMove
A little CarMove and let there be no doubt
What's up?
What's up?
Okay he died
He died but thank you
Thank you Skymer for the 300 bits
And for actually submitting and for submitting Joe Biden
Choo Choo back to hell he went
And now we're free
And now we're free of his demonic influence
Papito why'd you zoom in on me there?
Why wouldn't I?
I'll love to zoom
Bweep Bweep Bweep Bweep
Did Hype Train make it to Hawaii?
Is that hell?
I don't think so I think it's supposed to be paradise
Can confirm that it didn't seem like hell to me
Papito stop doing that
I just like to see your face
Oh that's kinda nice
JK I'm trying to show how fucked up you look
Well stop it
No one needs to know that
Stop it Papito
You look fucked up
This is how I look all the time
Hmm
Get a- Okay thank you
Just listening to this stream at the gym
Yeah I don't know I can't really recommend
Listening to this to maintain your workout
Papito is such a sweet talker
Okay let's get to the news
Let's just do some news
There's news
Let's get to it
I'm assuming probably more happened than we can cover
So we'll be doing the chat news
Let's get right to it it's news time
It's still your desire
Don't let them take it from you
I need to be-
Hmm
Feels good
Feels good to be me
Back
As far as I'm concerned I never really return everywhere
Places return to me
The source of all news
The Jeff Ripple
You think places
You don't think of yourself as entering or leaving places
You just think places are moving towards you
Yeah
I'm sort of like the sun spiritually
Of my own universe
I'm very solipsistic that way
I do think I'm the only thing alive
Yeah I kind of think I'm the only thing
And everything else is just sort of a play for my amusement
And that's why I love the news
Because it shows that reality is really trying
To show off for me
Jeff Ripple
Oh Jeff that's insanely megalomaniacal
Megalopolis maybe
It's a Jeff Cedric universe
Yeah now you're getting it
Everyone needs to stop thinking that they're the center of the universe
Starting their own religions on this channel
Mr. Smith gets it
You can have your own universe too case
Just commit to solipsism
I'm cutting your music off
It's gone straight to your head
I've always been this way
Since I was a baby
I came out of the womb saying
Give me what I want
I am the god of this universe
Speaking in full sentences
It's not that weird
Alright let's get into the news everybody
It's everybody's favorite thing
Reading articles written by the AP
And or shared by chat
That's not true sometimes we also read articles written by
Reuters or whatever else I click on right before the stream
Anyway Jeff I've been on vacation so
I don't even know what's going on
But you know I'm assuming
Since ICE clearly murdered a woman in the streets of Minneapolis
That's been an uncontroversial thing to observe
That just literally happened on a camera
And there's really no way to discount
That they shot a lady in front of all of us
Oh no that's been everybody's fighting about that
What happened there actually
Oh right you missed people talking about how
Is sort of based on your politics you saw completely different things
You mean based on your politics half the country saw what actually happened
And half didn't
Oh well you don't really have breakdons of haves and stuff
Anyway news um
There's Trump he's probably saying more stuff today
Trump says he may punish countries with tariffs over Greenland
Wait does that headline mean he's going to punish countries by
Tariff in Greenland or punish other countries
Through Greenland
I'm thinking he's going to punish countries that are against him taking Greenland
Oh I guess I could read the article and find out
He's going to toss Greenland at them that is a big punishment
Because based on my understanding of physics if you throw a whole country at another country
It'll destroy at least one city
That would be bad but I think this is more tariff related punishment
Right
Ahem
Copenhagen, Denmark US President Donald Trump suggested Friday that he may punish countries with tariffs
If they don't back the US controlling Greenland
A message that came as a bipartisan congressional delegation
Saw to lower tensions in the Danish capital
Trump for months has insisted that the US should control Greenland
A semi-autonomous territory of NATO ally Denmark
And said earlier this week that anything less than the Arctic island being in the hands of the US would be
Unacceptable
To democracy
Because we democratically elected Donald Trump
And now he's democratically
Taking over other countries
He's going to melt the ice
He's going to do the thing from the end of total recall
But for Greenland to finally make it habitable
People already live in Greenland
Nobody's going to make it like a resort or something
Like in the end of total recall
You know they terraform Mars
Exactly we're saying the same thing
Are you really against terraforming Greenland?
It's already a climate people can live in
No case what you're Iceland is the nice one
It's the opposite right Greenland's the cold one isn't that crazy
Anyway Trump had stuff to say
You'll be shocked to hear it there was a press conference and he said things
Love this music love this track it's so quiet always though
AP's videos are always so quiet
And I may do that for Greenland too
I may put a tariff on countries if they don't go along with Greenland
Because we need Greenland for national security so I may do that I'll give you a little
Talk about I'll take you out of that in fact that'll end up being the story
But actually this is a much bigger story because we're reducing healthcare by numbers that you haven't seen
Oh you kind of snuck that in at the end there
Another big announcement from Trump he's reducing healthcare
You know I'd say that's not what he meant but who knows what he means at this point
Numbers we've never seen before he's reducing healthcare actually
He could be joking though actually jokes are also really popular for Trump
Yes while you were out we learned that Trump is a big jokes during loves jokes
Which I already knew but some people keep forgetting it
And that's why we have this lady to remind us when Trump is joking
He's talked twice in recent days once in the Kennedy Center
And then Reuters again last night about canceling the election
Why is he talking about this?
I believe you're referring to the president's interview at Reuters last night
I was in that interview it was a closed door interview obviously
There was not audio or video the president was simply joking
He was saying we're doing such a great job we're doing everything the American people thought
Maybe we should just keep rolling but he was speaking facetiously
She said that he was joking about canceling the elections
But Americans for general interests have fought and died for democracy for this democracy
Are you saying the president finds the idea of canceling elections funny?
Andrew were you in the room? No you weren't I was in the room I heard the conversation
And only someone like you would take that so seriously and pose it at a question that way
So that's the real question case
Are you someone like you? Like Andrew there?
Who took the president seriously?
I guess so?
What makes you think that he's going to cancel the elections?
Well he keeps saying he wants to
He also has all those Trump 2028 hats printed suggesting he already kind of wants to
Float election law and run for a third time
Granity's talking about canceling the 2026 midterm elections
Which honestly wasn't on my bingo card for things you would try to do
But I mean I feel like he would I remember reports from the first Trump administration
Being like you know when protests were going on he's like send in the National Guard and shoot all the protesters
And you know his advisors in the room were like Mr. President we can't do that
He's like why not? Anyway all those people are gone that would tell him not to do things
So I really feel like when 2026 rolls around and he says cancel the election they might try
I mean it's already 2026 so in a couple months they might try that
I don't think he has the political capital currently to do that
But then again we're only what three weeks into this year?
The start of the third week and he is enforcing a like totalitarian immigration police state
In various places in the country so who knows
That's the type of reporting I like who does know
They'll say they're canceling the red states will actually try to do it
Maybe I don't the logistically it seems extremely unlikely that they would be able to cancel the 2026
Election entirely or at all
Anyway I mean but I just don't doubt that he would like to do that
I hope I'm right in this case and they don't
I do think if they tried to do that it would might lead to some kind of
It would lead to a pretty insane state of play in the country
I guess is how I see it
Currently where it's a sane state of play a more insane sorry more insane state of play
Elections just in blue states
Yeah but those are the elections they want the least
Just cancel the elections and make them all red states that's what he's going to go for
He's going to steal the Declaration of Independence
No one let him watch national treasure because he will get inspired
And he'll do it
And he'll find the secret treasure room from the end of it with all the statues
At the end you remember that I do remember the end of I appreciate it at the end of national treasure spoiler alert
Okay you've been warned but they do find a big room full of a bunch of gold and like Greek statues
And that is what treasure is
That's true when I picture a room full of treasure I picture a bunch of statues and jewels and gold
And that's what the room was
You mean the Senate in the House
He's going to steal the Declaration of Independence from the Senate in the House
Case would rather Chairman Mao gets the office come on bro be American
Well look Trump did establish the precedent of if you can do it
Kidnap world leaders
So I'm just saying President G the precedent is there
Am I advocating for it?
Are you shaking your head no?
It would be anti-democratic to do that
And you're against that
I'm just saying President G based on the precedent
Like could kidnap Donald Trump
Am I saying you should do that
I'm going to move on
Okay
To the chat news everyone
Retreat
Wait poker face Powell may have an ace up his sleeve
There's one other story there's a video here
So let's watch this video before we move on to the chat news
Good evening
Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell and US President Donald Trump are at loggerheads once again
The central bank chief said Sunday that the Justice Department had opened the criminal investigation against him for allegedly misleading Congress
While the probe is ostensibly about a project to renovate the fed's office buildings
Powell says that is just a pretext
The threat of criminal charges is a consequence of the Federal Reserve setting interest rates based on our best assessment of what will serve the public rather than following the preferences of the president
The criminal investigation marks a dramatic escalation in tensions between the White House and Fed
But how did things get so bad?
Yeah
Trump's beef with the Fed all goes back to interest rates
He has repeatedly called on the central bank to cut rates faster saying that would boost the economy
At this age they should go as low as 1% a level rarely seen outside times of crisis
He's been frustrated with the Fed's caution dubbing its boss too late Powell and at times threatening
This is one of my favorite looks of politicians they all have to put on their little hard hats
Because they're always old and they just look like little turtles
It reminds me of like a cartoon turtle doing an episode on like building
I don't know if that's a thing that ever existed a cartoon turtle doing an episode on building but that's the vibe for me
Too late Powell and at times threatening to fire him
The Fed was designed by Congress to be insulated from political pressure
The seven members of its board of governors serve 14 year terms which ensures that no president can nominate a majority
But Trump has also tried to fire another Fed governor Lisa Cook for allegedly filing misleading mortgage documents
Cook has denied wrongdoing and sued to keep a job
Okay well anyway that's all news we already know
We do? We all we're very I inform everybody around here isn't that the opposite of the name of this show
We've all covered we've covered this probably anyway
The Fed stuff is interesting in that on some level I kind of don't like that the Fed the Federal Reserve is pretty much unaccountable to
Any kind of Democratic accountability in a lot of cases like the Federal Reserve traditionally could kind of just act however it wanted
And there's really no recourse as like a citizen if you disagree with the general monetary policy of our entire country
And that's also partially because both parties are largely aligned on how to manage the economy which is do what the Fed wants
Do what the big banks want do what investors want
However in this case you just would be supplanting the authority of the Fed with the authority of Donald Trump
So even if you will wish that there was more Democratic oversight of an institution like the Federal Reserve
This wouldn't really do that for us either so it's sort of a it's not exactly a lose lose it's like an extra lose lose
So the others an extra lose comma lose mm-hmm really good. Yep. That's a point for sure case. Okay. Um
What the hell there's a speedy guns let's move on to the news that matters there's a speedy guns all this movie. Oh
I look I just clicked on this. I'm as surprised as everyone does that mean we can make
The types of jokes that speedy guns all is represents again. Let's just read the article hmm
Okay, I will then the fastest mouse in all of Mexico is hopping to rate is hoping to race on the big screen
I thought maybe it's hopping Warner Bros has set Joe or a horror a R Gutierrez to direct an animated feature
Centering on the classic Looney Tunes character speedy guns all is the Hollywood reporter what has exclusively learned
Plot details have not been shared and a writer has not been announced, but my hope is that is a Mexican mouse
That's your hope
Look, that's what I'm looking for in my speedy guns all this movie is a Mexican mouse. I
Think that's what you'll get
I'm assuming alright as long as they managed to land that particular plane. I mean I love this character
What do you love about them? He's fast
He's Mexican he's a mouse
He's a mouse
I guess all of those things are technically fine by themselves
Something about the character feels a little racist to me it always has but I don't know if I can fully articulate why
Without talking about things that I just don't feel like we should talk about so I guess let's move on best of luck to speedy guns all is
And I hope it's I hope it's a win. It's so it's a win for the whole family
What about slow okay, right?
Rekha slow poke Rodney guys. No, what if it's poke like the like a delicious bowl of a sushi great tuna
Wait that would be the character. Yeah, really slow anthropomorphic bowl of tuna
And actually it's like Hawaiian or Japanese or something
You wouldn't watch that I don't think that's a good idea either. All right. Well
Don't like speedy guns all is don't like slow poke guns all is I don't know what to do with you
Our parking says yes, but he has always usurped the power of the Imperials power represented by Sylvester
That's overcoming the influence of American dominance. You know what you might be out of something
You could definitely do a speedy Gonzales movie
That will that will satisfy people I'm sure
Is it that popular of a character still yes really the Lonie toons are a national treasure
Case whatever they are whether you're the really fast Mexican mouse or the slightly sexual assault east skunk
They're all coming back. I don't know if we need the skunk one come it's funny
He because he wants to kiss the skunk and she doesn't want to be kissed
Classic comedy stuff
It's a I wonder if it's for kids or a nostalgia bait. That's the other question like I guess now it's just always both
Because it works for kids at a certain point so now it probably works for them to and the parents are more comfortable taking their kids to it because they recognize the character
Basically if you're a kid you only get like one new intellectual property per generation other than that we're just going to keep cycling cycling them through
You always forget he was a loony to one of the looniest because he's so fast case
I don't know how speedy ever loses. I guess he never loses to them to the cats because he's too fucking fast
He's got superpowers in a world where other people just have normal tune powers well don't all tunes kind of have superpowers
They have the tune force case now some tunes have more tune force than other tunes
If you're a bad guy tuned then you have the ability to get fucked up constantly and not die if you're a good guy tuned you kind of have unlimited powers
Hmm gender twist pepe and cast wait
Here we are still waiting for the Wiley Coyote movie
I want a Wiley Coyote revenge movie where he finally gets that goddamn bird for everything it's done to him isn't he the predator
But at a certain point he became the prey and I want to see his revenge
We spent a lot of time on this armed men Rob Pokemon cards in store in Manhattan
I shouldn't laugh because that could actually be pretty scary
Fortunately there's a video
And there's a song coming up later
A beautiful song
Speedy Gonzalez and the Wiley Coyote movie
Speedy Gonzalez and Sonic the Hedgehog on a trap song called gotta go fast can't see any way that could go wrong
The Speedy Gonzalez one will be a bit of a challenge for for DJC for possibly but we'll figure it out
We'll figure it out
Alright Pokemon robbery yesterday, maybe 100k in Pokemon cards. God damn look at this police say the group of armed mass robbers
Went into a trading store in the meatpacking district and just ransacked the place
Yeah they threatened shoppers and smashed display cases before running off with a hundred thousand dollars worth of Pokemon cards and other merchandise
And this isn't the first time this type of crime has happened with similar heights throughout the country in recent weeks
High witness news reporter, Dolla Miles, live outside the store with the latest investigation
David Liz Pokemon cards are just increasingly popular. They've been popular for decades
And that is what makes them an attractive target for thieves and just to show you how popular they are while the store
I just want to say this is a really good question for you case this particular chat poll
Yeah, I'm dying to know the answer to this one
Vote now
It was closed this morning while they were cleaning up. There was a line outside of people waiting to get inside
It's been packed all day
There was no sense of staying away
Devoted Pokemon collectors patiently waiting for Pope Court on West 13th Street in the meatpacking district to reopen its doors Thursday afternoon
Employees of the relative news store showing up for work early this morning to clean up broken glass and get the store back together again
The winner was Full Send It case so good luck with that
I'm going to come back and grab Wednesday evening
I'm going to come back and support because this is the type of thing that just brings people joy and it brings me joy
Last night three men in hoodies came in hot. One started smashing display cases with high value items
One should look out at the door, a third threatening suspect pointing a gun
We were having our first ever community event called Top Liters at night where people just come and put stickers on top litters and trying to have a good time
It was a free event and then three armed men came in and just like brandish guns like in their face
It was a similar scene in Boston last week
Not that similar
After hours and stuff after hours makes a big difference. It's a pretty different scene
Actually if you just look at any local car shop around the country there's a good chance that they've gotten robbed
I've seen videos where the robbers will tunnel in through the wall or through the ceiling
In less than 24 hours after the store lost more than $100,000 in inventory there's more security in place today
We can't let a few like bad apples like this run the hobby for everyone else
Like we want to create a safe space for the community and it really sucks that like
Team Rocket has blasted off in a bad way
Basically you get held up and held hostage
So again this is a live look at Pope Court here in the New Packing District
You can see the locksmith is still making some repairs to the front door the security guard is standing post
What's the lock?
Other Soho high-end stores in the neighborhood over the last few years after these smashing grabs having to add additional security
In terms of the suspect the NYPD is still working
They're still working it out
But um
Is there a cop Pokemon?
Can I make a reference that uses a cop Pokemon?
I think there's Pokemon that wear little police hats and work with the cops
Really?
Sounds like the kind of thing that would happen in the Pokemon world right?
Cops roll up on you and throw a bunch of Gengars at you
Oh Officer Jenny there we go
Officer Jenny is on the case
Back to you case
I'm gonna ask for all of that
That's honestly
Is that a sign of a recession?
When people are stealing Pokemon cards in the middle of the day?
Yeah, it's not the it's not the biggest sign people could do that when the economy is fine
It is a little there's nothing a little sad about people lined up for their Pokemon cards
Although I think in the last couple years Pokemon has gotten so
Like popping packs has gotten so popular
Um
That it really just feels like robbing a casino to me a little bit at this point
Not that that's good either
But the price of Pokemon packs is so crazy now
Stealing 10 ceiling. What was it $100,000 worth of merchandise is probably less cards than you would think
We're talking like 100,000 cards
For the right card, you would just have to steal one card
Apparently the lack of limos is a sign I have been seeing less limousines
But then in some places more than ever
And they're bigger
And they're made out of diamonds
You've been seeing diamond limousines only at the cool parties
For the coolest octogenarians
There's whole resellers that scan thousands of packs a day and then resell them at full cost having taken the valuable packs out
Christine
Who you might know from her streams and living next door Kendall sister
Is a big Pokemon head as are several of her friends
Um
And the amount
That just
The price of just like a booster pack is some places it'll be like
Seven or eight dollars which seems reasonable to me but
Then sometimes in a store it'll just be like $15 for one booster pack
I don't really understand the logic
Um
But sometimes like they'll just sell them for double the cost for the exact same booster pack
I don't know
It seems like as a
I would have assumed poker cards
Pokemon cards would have gotten less popular over the years
As my generation aged up but now they've gotten even more popular
I started playing a little bit more magic the gathering recently and I
But I haven't really engaged the magic the gathering economy I wonder if that's all more expensive now too
I've been playing without engaging the economy case
I'll never tell
I do know that um I was looking at one of my friend's cubes
Shout out to my friend Mike in Chicago
I was researching a cube that I used to do with him
I've been collecting cards for years and when I looked at cube cobra dot com the price of buying all the cards for his cube outright was
$20,000
He didn't buy it for that much because he was collecting these cards as like they came out
But damn it's like 500 fairly rare cards and 20 grand
I always get my life view from people wearing suit jackets from the 90s. Ooh Corwin shellway
Keep that up
Although I'll have you know that this jacket is actually a highly modern modern T-MU floral jacket
And this is straight 2026 this fishtie right here
I've never felt more modern personally
Magic got crazy there's too many OP collabs and the effects got way too complicated
I just want classic magic back well to play classic magic legally you're gonna need to spend about $20,000
Bring back the trust trustworthy gold jacket
That's how I get new viewers to stick around when they see this gold jacket. They know I got the golden opinions
Okay, man, I'm we're going at a truly luxurious pace today
We're taking our time with these stories. We've got to break this stuff down case
Yeah, because you're streaming for eight hours like most streamers right
Moving along
You still love magic
You still love magic. I still love magic. It's still real to me
Star Wars shake up Kathleen Kennedy steps down. Oh my god the South Park episode finally worked as George Lucas protege David Filoni
Exec line line when Brenna take over Lucas films
Wow really Wow
Oh, no not too different
People that were already really high up in the company
Good news. I guess I don't know anything about I mean, I know David Filoni a little bit the Filonius one
I don't know anything about um
line when Brennan I
Definitely didn't love a lot of the output of the Kathleen Kennedy era
Although controversial opinion. Oh, okay, everybody get ready. He's about to drop something really spicy
I don't hate the one that people hate the most it seems the
Second Disney Star Wars movie
The the force of four sins again, too. I love that one the force of four sins again, too
Yeah, I also like and or I don't know. I mean, I just feel like a lot of execs would have probably handled
The Disney rollout of everything the exact same way
So I suspect even though I'm not like a Kathleen Kennedy fan
I think probably the outrage aim specifically at her is a little bit overblown
Like even if old Dave Filoni here was in charge, I don't think he would have been like, you know
What let's only make five or six Star Wars things a year. I
Think they would have just rolled out a million Star Wars things and to me. That's probably the bigger issue is just
The assembly line pumping out product after product after product
So I wouldn't expect this to necessarily
drastically change the output that you're receiving but hey, I don't actually know
Skeleton crew is missing that juice that every John Watts thing is missing. I never watched Skeleton crew
Is that that's the one with Elphi? Yes, that's the one with Elphi case. Yeah, that one's that's look
That's what the Disney one starring Elphi
So really I should check it out
You like the non-skywalker related stuff
I mean, I liked season one of the Mandalorian and I liked and or and I didn't hate
the force to
Just learn the name of it. I can't remember. It's is it the Force Awakens or is that the third one or is that the first one?
Anyway, people hate that one, but I remember thinking as is fine
Okay
Let's move on to penis news, please please at last former world sexiest man Paul Rudd praised for huge penis
By who was it you case? I'll praise him. I just wasn't aware
During a recent appearance on the take your shoes off with Rick Glassman podcast host Glassman joked with Ant-Man star and former sexiest man alive
About his impressive
Penis this is a news article where I have to read a podcast
How is that so many news articles?
You don't want to know about Paul Rudd's penis. Isn't this one like a joke podcast already?
I could see Paul Rudd packing some heat. I don't know. I don't know
We don't even need to read it. The story here is that Paul Rudd has a
big old floppy ant penis
If it was an ant penis it'd be little not if it got grown like the ants in the movie Ant-Man
No, the ants didn't grow case. They got shrunk
Well anyway, he's got a huge ant penis. You're
Making it confusing. Do we have proof?
I can't Google that on stream. Actually, I found a picture of it guys brace yourself. I found a picture of his penis
Oh my god, it's huge. I can't believe we're showing this
Honestly, I probably shouldn't be showing that either, but that is the next story that we have
Man alive man 54 with buried penis lost sight of his manhood and is unable to pee
due to giant five
ST apron belly tumor. Okay, well it got sad at the end there
We were trying to have fun and then he had to have a huge tumor
Yes, unfortunately, we were making a joke at the expense of this man's really big belly tumor
But maybe there's a happy ending and he got the tumor removed and he can see his penis again
Let's just read the end of the story. Oh
Five stone is what that meant
Look, I only can read
American measurements. All right, I'm a patriot as a result of his overhanging belly doctors doctors
Diagnose the patient with buried penis the underwent a CAT scan which revealed his apron belly actually contained very little fat
Instead it was made of a fibrous connective tissue a tumor if you will
The man was put under general anesthesia
Following the removal the patients BMI dropped immediately to 43.9 entry made in hospital for six or seven days
Let me see if I can find a picture of this that doesn't in va oh my
God, you know, I guess he must have agreed to these pictures. So can I show this?
I feels of exploitive still but it is a wild picture. Oh
Wow, it almost looks like he's got a huge penis and then you realize it's all belly
Well, it's all tumor
Also looks more like he has huge balls
Either way, I hope he's okay
Well, I can show you the after effects and it won't really be pleasant on the eyes either
But it is an improvement and it looks like he's recovering
This is important medical information. This is the happy ending that we all receive and
Look at the generous amount of blurring. He got he got so maybe he's seeing that penis for real
That's the Paul Rudd we're talking about
Congratulations to our tumorous friend with his huge belly and we wish him a speedy recovery
Moving on let's do a couple more stories and then and then let's
Do the whatever the other things we do on the stream are for the day I can do I will quit at any moment
American dad
Don't speak for me American dad wakes up speaking fluent Spanish after every surgery
How many surgeries is this guy doing?
Free the D. They did they medically freed it
So the image that's worrisome isn't the huge penis. It's his wife. Yes
American dad, but here though speaking Spanish 33 year old Steven Chase has revealed that after every surgery
He wakes up speaking fluent Spanish despite only knowing a low level of the language
Well, you're not fooling me apparently, you know it all the way going in for a surgery can be pretty scary
Except when you can speak Spanish afterwards
Back to you case will you really summarize that article for us? Is there a video?
There's not I just want to see this man speak Spanish
As per lad Bible Chase has foreign language syndrome which these people switch to another language or accent for a period of time
Well, he thinks he's speaking it well, but he is an American guy. Do you think he's just saying biblioteca a lot? It's possible
Lingo hates this one trick exactly skimer. It's not the AI that's taking the value of that particular app
It's all the people speaking
Perfect Mandarin Chinese whenever they wake up from surgeries and now you're just revealing your deepest secrets case
Are you gonna try to get hit by a car so you can finally speak Chinese?
Look if I knew I could
But I'm not willing to risk it yet
We'll see how bad things get in this country before I throw myself in front of a car so that I can hit the Chinese ejection button and on my brain
Whoa, okay, this is a headline we can all get behind
Trump's Mar-a-Lago host deranged furry Marie Antoinette party
Let's see how deranged how deranged are we talking I can't full-screen it guys
You're gonna have to just enjoy this little version of it
Is that all we get let's go to the let's go to Twitter fight
Trump we're trying to look up your furry party party. Don't talk to me right now
Trump furry that's a good thing to type into any search bar. I want to see more clips of this awesome party. I
Didn't get an invite to
Okay, here's here's an outdoor view of the party
He's not even doing furries well if you're gonna be a furry commit
Okay
Dancing like my dad in his 60s
But if he saw full command of his joints
That's not what you voted for this is what's gonna push the country over the limit
It won't be them is shooting people in the streets. It'll be these
spirit Halloween level
Dog masks
Wow
That was the pick me up I needed for the weekend. I feel jazzed and ready to party. Oh
Boy, I'd say they're dabbing on us, but I don't know who they're dabbing on in that case
I guess us. I mean I
Guess
We've been home. I don't know they do have to go to those parties themselves
What was the theme?
Dog
Bridgerton dog Bridgerton the theme was dog Bridgerton
Look, you only are rich you've gone through a lot of themes
Sometimes you just start mixing and matching
That means they also did a party just themed dog. I'm sure they've done dog theme party
But usually it's a bunch of servants and dog masks and they're walking on all fours and they just couldn't for the president's party
What is this?
Single elephant suspected kills many as 13 people. Jeez. Okay. Well, that's terrible. We'll skip that one. I guess
Okay, we're getting into a little bit of the dark feed here
So we'll we'll go there we'll go there, but we'll get some
You know anane stories in as well. Oh my god deadline. Yes, I accept your content policies
They're killing me here
Follow reality series green-lighted Amazon. What does that even mean?
Jeff
Tell me
Is this the dark feed?
We can go darker than this turning of the trend of turning dystopian drama series into reality competition series continues as Amazon
Is handed the green light to fall out shelter a series not based on mr.
Beast various challenges
But in fact on its Ella pernell fronted drama the project comes from studio Lambert the company behind squid games the Netflix
reality TV show version which as we all remember was great and no complaints
people loved it probably got a bunch of
Views unfortunately, but I do all I remember is people being like I dropped out of school for this because I need money so bad
And then they get eliminated and the camera just holds on them being sad
That's reality TV. We love to see it
passenger forced to flee self-driving vehicle after it stops in path of an oncoming train
That does seem to be about the most one-to-one realization of everyone's fear of self-driving cars
Well, he didn't stop over a pack of toddlers
That would have sort of completed it way mo
to go
Let's just keep rolling through these stories. Like I said, not all of these are particularly pleasant
Workers at Chinese factory that produces La Boo Boo toys are being exploited says NGO that really
La Boo Boo
Exploiting people
I can't believe this
I just so cute. I didn't they're so cute. God. They look good and they're cute
They're so cute. God. There's such a good design and I like them a lot
And you're saying it's bad
Guess we can't have anything good in this world
Not even for a second. Can we ever be happy with our La Boo boo's?
The labor rights NGO says it has found evidence of worker exploitation the furry toys that took the world by storm
Are apparently exploiting people the boo boo's toothy gremlins made by the Chinese toy company Pop Mart
We're trying to take this seriously the Guardian. I can't say toothy gremlins have become one of China's hottest cultural exploits
Sorry exports Freudian and or accurate slip in August Pop Mart's chief executive Wang Ning said the company was on track to reach
20 billion you you on and reserves in 2025
For a new investigation by China labor watch a New York based NGO when a pop Mart suppliers for La Boo Boo's has engaged in
Exploited of workplace practices they include be workers being forced to sign blank contracts
16 and 17 year olds being employed without special protections inadequate health and safety and also none of them get La Boo Boo's
Jeff don't add that part
Just trying to lighten the mood here case
Because I know we're both really broken up over this La Boo Boo thing. Yeah, you're right about that
We both really like them
You don't own you don't own one probably though because
There's just so hard to get yeah, there's definitely not currently a La Boo Boo hanging in my living room hanging
Moving on
Hanging moving on
Um
Former Bitcoin mayor Eric Adams faces three million rug pole allegation after issuing NYC token
But I think the former mayor's been through enough so we can just leave it at that
We can look he he doesn't get to be mayor anymore. Isn't that punishment enough?
For all the fraud he committed as mayor and he's paid the price by not getting to be mayor and we all miss him
We all miss him case he's funny
He's an effervescent figure a mercurial representation of government rot and we like it
It's fun to talk about Eric Adams because he's silly and that's the news for the day
We now send it to a teenager. That's actually probably an old guy yelling about movies
Where's my fucking music?
There it is
Hell yes
Good to see you all
I'm assuming it's been too long, but I'm so young that time moves really slowly for me
I know for old-ass people like case a year flies by because he's had so many years
But as just a young teen
Like a whole day feels like a year to me. So it for me. It's been a long time
That's sure that's how time works. You don't remember dude because you're too old
And you're a teenager. I
Fuck whatever Jeff said yes
Right, let's not even waste any time because there is on my case like usual for no fucking reason
Let's get into the trailers that we have not watched in too long
Aren't I four years older than when I started?
God, it's been to me that feels like 400 years
So who could even say it's been like since you started appearing on the stream
I think it's been about three years and three months
Why would you remember because I was there I've been here the whole time young blood
Nah, you showed up like in season six we don't have seasons
It's like a see you're like a late season six edition people missed the classic. That was just me I
Was literally on the first of whatever this is
It's trailer Thursdays. It's Friday. Look I got to watch trailers. Okay?
It's trailer time
That's my catchphrase it's trailer my catchphrase is it's trailer time and it's trailer time
Reflection in a dead diamond shutter trailer. What the hell is a dead diamond?
No case to go by Kendall ha ha
You know dead diamonds are probably pretty expensive too and all the aren't they all dead no I like living diamonds
But little thank you so much for the 37 months
Here's a trailer as a reward for your continued support him. I was not
Prepared for what that whatever that was kind of rock. I did rock turns out
damn I
Feel like I am in as well
The Justice Department is not now democracy now. It's movie time
Hey, don't send Amy Goodman off the screen at any point. Why do you know who that is? Let's watch the next trailer
I think that's for me. That was a five. I don't know what more I could really ask for in the trailer
I mean, I don't know what it's about at all. I don't really get what the movie is
It's like sexy murder
Italian
Was it Italian? I'm assuming right sexy murder Italians. What do you need?
Oh, it's a four. That's pretty good. Usually our trailers do not do that. Well, I
Think it was actually about the theme of Trump's next Mario Lago party
It would not be that cool. It would not look that good
No shade, but let's be real it wouldn't look that good
No shade look no shade. Okay
The bluff Tyler Perry's Joe's College Road trip
Tyler Perry's Joe's College Road trip
Like the movie road trip but featuring Tyler Perry and Joe
Who's Joe you do not even watch Tyler Perry movies. Do you I've actually seen a lot of Tyler Perry movies
Keeping it 100
What do you watch them like aspiration only to try to
No, but I have seen a bunch of them. All right, let's check it out
I thought about long and hard and I think that you should drive bj across country on this college road trip
Look at i'm tated one time. I'm gonna do this my way. You understand?
Joe always on that boy
That's like a road trip
Hell no when you come back he's gonna be scarred
You ever see this country boy? I follow a few nature tick tockers really you don't need that shit. Why did you do that? You're drinking? Yeah, why?
Because i'm driving
How's it going? You having a good time? That's the Tyler Perry joke right there. It's going terrible
He's rude and belligerent. Eat this chicken drive
I'm not gonna make it through this
This is a bad idea that boy is grown stock baby in here. You want to teach him everything he need to know about life
Every black man
To be better than he was my boy the world is about jones time y'all ain't welcome here
You getting that fight you got to be your own damn hero
I'm sorry. He always been real stupid
BJ's roll about this bitch
Grandpa, what is this place?
I need you to hook him up with a little something. That's looks in you. Uh, sure. Do you know if my grandpa's coming in? Okay?
That's kinky
That's a good joke
How come you didn't laugh at any of the jokes? I loved how Perry movies
You didn't laugh once out because I was taking it in
dummy
Youngblood respect look respect to Tyler Perry is what you're is what you're lacking and I had to correct that with respect
Okay, you did respect jujitsu there
And I respect that
Oh, thank you for the stars
five stars five stars five stars
Just because you don't understand the culture
You're a hater
The culture you think you're qualified to comment on the culture youngblood. I'm just saying I understand the culture
Don't do my voice. That's how you sound. I'm not just claiming to understand the culture. I'm just saying I like Tyler Perry movies
Do you mean like the culture of
Middle-aged black women who watch those
What I've watched them
All right
2.2 stars
I've no taste
Tell that to the fucking fago. I just drank
What should
Let's do one more trailer. It's been a while since we watched a trailer
We just watched one. It's been a while. So
Um
Jimpa
Jimpa that's fun to say jimpa
Wait, let me check if there's some really like
Oh the one piece trailer. Oh, you have to watch this
Ever since I ever since I saw the trailer for one piece season one and said that looks like dog shit
And then I got my face slammed in dog shit when honestly season one pretty good
Pretty good. Look, I thought it was going to be about the worst thing ever and then I watched it and I liked it
And that's the only that's probably the only time I've ever been wrong and it haunts me to this day
So I
Have to not have the same reaction this time
So please be good trailer so that I don't have to get fucking dog shit it on again
That is my that is my christmas wish at first. They were
Melia rumor whisper
They are the rogue works
They're an organization of assassins
Joseph
It's the absence of hope
You will never find the one piece
My friends together, there's nothing we can't take on
So you're a captain of the straw head pirates
Monkey do you feel
I thought you might think you're unstoppable
But your friends
Aren't made of rubber you gotta be that was my turn. Good luck. Oh, I was gonna land on the end
Welcome back to one piece said it sort of just flew by the end and landed on nothing
That's your complaint. That's my only complaint. I think it looks
I think it looks pretty good
saying it
You gotta say like you mean it. I I think it looks good
I will not be I will not be wrong again
Still kind of looks like they're all wearing cosplay. Yeah, but it did the first time too and then it was fine in context
Then it's a silly show with silly costumes
Even though it's also like one of the greatest things ever and that's
You's got to accept that
Mr. Peril officer, how old were you when one piece came out? I think it was
42. Oh my god. What? Yeah, that sounds about right or something. I don't know
How old am I now? I'll never tell
That's for me and my
And the debt collectors to know
Why do the debt collectors need to know how old you are?
They know everything about me at this point
You're 70
Well when I thought it came out
Well, how old is one piece? You don't even know one piece came out
I'm an old guy. Why should I have to know that?
Oh, how old are you middle aged? Or are you like more the middle age? It depends when I die young blood
It's like 20 years old that I was yeah. Yeah, you know, I was
I was an adult
You're are you ashamed of your age? I just don't want you to know more about me
because I
Don't like the letters that you send to my house. I don't do that. You keep trying to prank my house
the fake letters
From various women from dating sites
What that's not you
I don't do that. I don't keep getting letters from all these women with pictures. I actually don't know but it doesn't sound good
Oh
Maybe it is good. I think you're trying. I think someone else is trying to scam you
Using male in dating photos
Now they're probably real ladies someone's mailing you photos of women
But like photos and that was like numbers on them. Are you being stalked by a serial killer?
No, it's like how dating sites work. That's not how dating sites work
Well, look that's three trailers and I got to go home and reply to some letters
I'd say I'm worried but um, I don't whatever. It's your problem. Okay. That's pretty much it for the day
We watched basically the three greatest trailers of all time and I provided my incredibly
potent insights
So you got it and actually once you get it, uh, you do in fact know what it is
Ha ha, okay. Let's set it to um the internets
Where you currently aren't it turns out, but you're actually about to be amongst them. Hey, that's right. It's me
Now I was trying to get jake, but I still can't find them. What did you do with jake?
He's around. I just
I keep forgetting to locate him before the stream
So he's like
I just got to find whatever whatever walley's hiding in well get excited that i'm here
It's me the best one
Best one of what?
Like whatever at the stuff
Mm-hmm. You're you're denying my talents. I would never
Okay, describe my talents chin size. Okay, correct
That's one of them
It counts. I agree. It does count. It totally counts
Okay, everybody
That's the show. No, we watch videos now. Oh
I thought it we just did a cool intro
Of me and then quit but fine. I guess we'll watch the videos that you've shared in the amongst the web section
Of the bin threads at the cream dot team discord
Our usual succinct explanation perfectly done. Let's get into it this fancy
Asian restaurant
In this giant mural and this guy has a puppet
All right, that is not where I thought that was going
well played
the fake patty at tiktok
Pretty good
I'll admit when it's good
See, I'm not totally cynical. Sometimes I see a tiktok and I say that's pretty good
That's true optimism. Mm-hmm in this crazy world of ours
Damn whoever drew that
This ten is for you and it is it gonna be it is
starting with a tan
Happy weekend everybody. We've done it again
You love to see it
All right, let's keep it rolling today. We're gonna actually
Keep it tight and watch the videos that people share that that ten by the way
Yeah, that was from card king
Okay
I almost said psych work because it's in streamer mode, but I figured it out
Way to go card king. That's a ten. All right keeping it rolling
Yeah, I'm not gonna cry for some reason
This music makes me feel like I'm gonna cry for some reason. Is he gonna be okay?
I don't even know that was it. That was the whole thing. Why am I crying?
Why do they want me to cry?
You don't need to cry
This is the problem. That's toxic masculine any case and you just did that
Well, I'm just over what it was so sad the way he
The way he snailed was that even a snail?
Is that a I
I yeah, that was from the movie avatar. Oh, that's why it looks so good
I was like, this is a 60 fps for sure because that thing looked photo realistic. It sure did a nudibranch
I don't know if that's what it's called, but I like that name. So I'm going with it. Yeah, that was a nudibranch
But what's this?
Okay, this is a short one
But it might be it might be short but strong let's find out we should check that. We should make sure she's okay
Let's try that one more time
The noise is
I think what got me
I think it's her head bouncing off the
Ores
That's what made me feel something. Oh bravo with your empathy case
for me was the noise
Was a loud noise, but you can't tell if something was painful from just a noise
That was a noise of pain for sure
She's dead. She did what she died. We just showed a snuff video case. Are you happy?
I don't think she was dead. I'm pretty sure she has died
I guess to be fair that good
Kill you she's I think young
A 10 that was a 10 for pain that was a 10 at the pain scale
It was on beat
It was on beat
Maybe she meant to I hope she didn't mean to
Uh, that was from john michael. Well, that's two tens today two tens
And I'm not talking about the ladies in that video. See we can compliment the women as well
Not sure if they would take that as a compliment from you chat. They would they definitely would this is from live in sleazy
Let's see what let's let's see which door live in sleazy has opened for us today
All right
Is he gonna like tear his pants open and show us his asshole or something? I never know what's
Is this just pleasant
Is it actually just nice? Oh, they're Mormons
Does that ruin it if they're Mormons? No, that makes it better
You know rocker fire gorilla is actually Mormon. What?
Rocker fire
That's fine. That's fine rocker fire
Yeah, that's a little rocker fire lore for you. He's Mormon
Hence when
He killed a guy
And he found god through the Mormon church. Oh
Anyway, that's from live in sleazy
This is sort of some vibes from lies alive in sleazy. This is a weekend style amongst the web where all the videos are actually very pleasant
Let's see if we can keep that trend up with this video from psychor
We're rolling the dice every time
So my first claim is my trauma is as bad as yours
Who is this diva?
named zero
But have you ever passed a fuck-ass kidney stone?
Which is more painful than giving birth to ass and then your boyfriend of three years dumps you all in a four month period
One of our trucks hit a mine outside the nang
One minute peaty was cracking jokes and the next half of them was hanging off a tree you ever hear a man
Scream with no lungs. Why did that story give me actual chills? Okay, sleigh. You definitely have more trauma than me
Okay, that's embarrassing
That's why I love those shows is they find the middle ground
Yep from surrounded there. Their new symbol is that king hat in the corner. Is that satire?
I'm so tired of all these haters
Chut no
That's pretty good. What I just did. I feel good about it. I'm glad you do
That's from psychor and that was actually as chat pointed out david harbour and his new girlfriend
I think that day was while he was dating or while he was married
Which some people are mad about
Dang it. I still haven't fixed that. It's on the list. Well, it was a score not applicable somewhere between one and three
uh, okay
Florida man has shared this gem for us. Let's give it a florida rating
Americans are at it again. This is a minnesota salad. They've managed to get a snickers into a salad
Courageous walk america. That is a fucking massive ball. I don't think you can even buy a ball of that
This guy's excellent. This is real excellent. We only have six million people see it never need one that big
This lady seems lovely by the way. She seems very happy and I would be too if this fell over my definition of the salad
She's mixing up the jello. Uh, we don't have that. I'm not even really sure what it is. Oh, you have no electric mixer
Just raw fucking power. That's what's wrong with young people today. They've never had to vigorously star anything
Right, it looks like butter now. I don't know how that's happened. Oh now. She's adding cream from a box
Hey tanner, can you pick up a box of cream and wal-mark? I wouldn't trust cream out of a box. That's just personal taste
Now she's stirring the concoction into the apples. It sort of looks like if a potato salad had a metabolic illness
I'm not certain about this to be honest with you. There's much more enjoyable ways to be unhealthy. I can give you some tips
Oh, here's the snickers. It's sort of like the snickers are the croutons. So yeah, things are getting a bit salady
I suppose she appears to be struggling. She's transferring it into a slightly less formidable ball for our presentation
I assume. But she seems to be doing the business. Ooh la la. She's added some decorative snickers on top. Very aesthetic
I'm sorry. Is that a bottle of peanuts? That's a fucking bottle of peanuts. This is what freedom looks like Europe
I suppose we have croissants and the renaissance, but in america
You can buy a fucking bottle of peanuts. She's smashing them what you're gonna do with them
Oh, I see this is the pièce de résistance. I'm gonna give this a 6 out of 10
It's probably nicer than it looks, but also why did anybody come up with this? Follow me. I'm delicious
You think that lady's single?
No, no, she's married. Dang it. So don't contact her chat
You think if I already did it's rude? Yes. I think she was doing a bit too. What? No, she's making a delicious salad for us americans to enjoy
And that guy was on to something. He's right. That's how we are
That's how we aren't that's how we are
We like snickers and green and also though. Fuck you for the box thing create what?
Everything comes in a box. You eat cream out of a box. You just don't realize it
Well, it's not sold to you in a box necessarily, but at some point it was in a box because that's how shipping works case
So stop being elitist with your
Scott
Denavian accent scott tenavian scott enavian
That is where he's from
that was from florida man
And uh, whatever that guy said at the end is the t-shirt. Okay, okay live in sleazy. We're rolling the dice again
Let's see what live in sleazy has for us
So he's
Can
Honestly
Better than it happened while he was already active
Because he was sort of feeling froggy and moving as opposed to just landing cleanly over his face as he slept
That was the lightest of taps on that roof
And also I guess it was like the lower part
This is just like a ceiling and then because there must be something else. Otherwise a bunch of shit would have fallen
I'm assuming
Onto him as well. It's like a partition. I don't know what was happening there, but
The construction codes were not strong
And he lost whatever that game is that would piss me off because he's doing pretty good
That could have been a new high score
This is the highest scoring videos we've had
Probably ever
You know, I could set up something that aggregates the score for the day
Maybe I'll have to do that
Just to be clear case you don't have to do that. Not not that I'm thinking about it. I should probably do that
Because then you could compare days to each other
That'd be fun. Let's do one more
From mr. Whoopee boo boo
unless
Everyone hates it. We'll do one more, but if they like it then this could be the last one
Oh
Humana humana what?
That turned you on a little bit
Lowest I can't even I'm not even gonna try to do that rap, but it was sick
And is that a Beyblade? That's a um
Top that's just a trick top
Wait, is there even more?
We cut it off too soon check this out. I think we show this maybe but just in case
9.38
A zero a zero
Wow pulling down that that was almost another 10
But you know who
Probably saw an error in it that none of us did have slatter keeping us honest
Because I'm not familiar with the spinner community. So I was easily impressed
But who knows if that spinner was even up to code
That's true. I don't know that and that's why
Thank you
But I was so impressed by the spinning. Yeah, but we don't know case. We're not experts
And we'll never know that's true. We'll never know
Because that's all the time we have for now
It's apparently time for a musical assault on your senses. It happens every friday
And no one can seem to stop it
Whoa, what the fuck who the hell was that?
Anyway, um, let's send it to djc4 to make a
To tastefully dance around a spanish accent possibly we'll find out one way or another
It's time for music
One second. I'm missing one of my buttons. There we go
Music
There it is. Okay
We haven't done this in a while. So
Everything's all fucked up. He does Jaleel white sonic. Does that count as
vocal blackface?
Yes
Yes, I'm telling you to say yes
Look we couldn't get
Um
I'll just say we couldn't get speedy Gonzalez
we got
um
travis
gundardo
Is uh an italian-american mouse that's who we apparently got
Uh, that's what i'm just gonna go with
No, no gundardo with a d
With a d giovano travis grace
with a d
Yeah, we got gun mario. Yeah, the classic italian word gundardo
No, two d's two d's
He's a mouse though. He's a mouse still
He's medium fast. He's not as fast as speedy. He's quick
He's relatively quick for a mouse. This is gimmick apparently
He does still try to rap like bad body unfortunately, but he shouldn't he really shouldn't
No, that yeah, that's how it's but you got actually you got it. You got it. I'm sleazy
Yeah, he's a slightly faster than average mouse
What was the sp- we let's check out the specific request speedy gunds allison. See it feels bad not getting speedy gunds allison
Maybe we just get speedy gunds allison, but he's doing an american accent. That's his challenge
A classic american accent
He's actually voiced we we got speedy gunds allison actually, but he's voiced by chris pratt
unfortunately
That's the casting decision they locked in right away
So
If you find that offensive then blame um, who owns the looney tunes now
Uh paramount or something. Let's find a beat though
It's a we need a sonic. We need a trap song called gotta go fast
So I guess we need a fast trap beat speedy voice. Yeah, we should call castleman real quick
Um fast trap beat is what i'm
Using my dj skills to search the internet for right now like a real dj. I just searched real hard for it
Shooters is what this is called
Hard bouncy hype trap freestyle tight beats. How fast is it?
It's as slow as hell
How are you supposed to go fast to that?
I don't feel fast at all. This one's called fast trap
Now we're maybe we're on to something but so far. It doesn't feel that fast
If I'm keeping it real
A pokemon trap beat
I'm feeling like I gotta go faster now. You feel fast either
Maybe we just gotta look up sonic trap beat. Wait, this one's called spicy. No, that's not fast either
Maybe just trapeze don't generally go that fast. Maybe these sonic trap beats will get us there
Oh shit sonic drowning
This is not what I expected. Okay. I maybe just have to go with this
I mean, what even is it exactly? It's a sonic drowning type beat
This is we're combining the powers of sonic and drowning pool into one incredible trap
Song
That's what we make here
Okay, fantastic
It's gonna be crazy and wet and you can send lyrics for this song called gotta go fast featuring sonic drowning type beat via
Trap music now you can send us lyrics that you think should be in this song by typing exclamation point lyric
Honestly, it could even be just a word just a word that you want to see used. It could be a whole lyric
It can be whatever you dream with exclamation point lyric
We do need lyrics for both sonic the hedgehog and speedy gonzalez voiced by chris pratt
So if you want to help out our ghost writer that is the way to do it
And you just did it so breechy. Thank you so much
Um, okay
Let me just download this track real quick
Sorry, let me mix this track using my dj skills. It's extracting. We're extracting the music as we speak
Sounds like a rodent race
Yeah
Wait our hedgehogs rodents
Our hedgehogs
Legal in california is what came up. No, they're not rodents. What the hell
Everything I thought I knew
Is a lie. All right, I have the beat
Beat located
Yeah, there it is. Okay sonic beat great. Let's send it to our
Intrepid ghost writer standing by to make us a bunch of hot lyrics
That's right. I am a ghost writer
I'm dead. I'm an yeah, I'm gonna I'm an actual ghost very clever
I'm the one who has to write and be dead all the time, but I'm glad you're having fun with it djc4
We actually have last week's lyrics lyrics currently pulled up
I b i b i b by last week. I think I mean two weeks ago. This one's actually kind of already been made but uh
Case forgot to play it before the stream today. So
Look forward to that next week
Um, we do have your lyrics pouring in though
I have to paste your lyrics over if you're wondering why they don't instantly show up
We ran into some problems last time. So we fixed that
But don't worry your lyrics are in here cases on different time. I agree
I'm fast as fuck boy latinas shadow
I'm about to go super my hair turned golden gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta go right now
Oh gotta go gotta go gotta go right now. Whoa. Oh, yeah rolling around at the speed of sound
Got places to gotta go to go gotta
Follow my rainbow. Okay. Wait. That was all one lyric. Whoa. Oh, yeah rolling around at the speed of sound got places to go
Gotta follow my rainbow
That'll that'll do I need to hear this beat again though
How whoa
We're getting hacked. Um, as we speak currently so just
Don't go to that website, please
um
Kind of want to go. No, please don't
Hackerman style beat
Unsafe at any speed
Something like that
I I think you need actual lyrics. Obviously, there's gonna be lyrics
We just got to I they got to go faster over the beat
So that's all I'm sudden up. They got to go fast over the beats
Let's figure
Oh my god, he just keeps going.
Alright, um, fast as fuck boy.
We'll end on that.
We got more lyrics coming in as we speak.
Fuck ice, they slow as fuck.
Begia for smegma.
Begia for smegma.
Oh fuck, I'm gonna drown, that one just came in.
I'm a happy...
Wait, we need to run with boy.
Toy goi...
Annoy.
But once fast it ends with oi.
Employ.
Destroy.
No speed limit that I can't destroy.
Wait, we also needed to...
We needed to delineate between Sonic and...
We'll go speedy first.
Speedy Gonzales.
Chris Pratt.
Everybody spelled both those names wrong.
Ploy F-boy.
60 seconds split.
Uh, quick...
Fuck boy.
No speed limit that I can't destroy.
60 seconds split.
Quick brick fuck boy.
Oh wait, I already am riding with...
A quick 60 seconds split.
Fast as fuck boy.
There we go.
Is Shadow a Latina?
Toy?
Oh yeah.
Come with every meal.
Come with every purchase like a happy meal toy.
I don't know what that means in the context of being a fast mouse.
But it sounds vaguely sexual so that I feel like that means it's fine to put it in this song.
More lyrics.
Um...
Wait, where was the drown lyric?
Oh fuck, I'm gonna drown. Okay there it is.
Damn, we're getting lyric'd up guys.
Sega does what Nintendo don't. We gotta get that in there.
You're excited to see this said fast?
Yeah, I don't know if Chris Pratt's even that good at saying things fast.
Um...
Then off for a minute.
But I'm still employed.
I guess that's a Speedy Gonzales thing.
Latina's Shadow. I don't know what this means.
I want to honor the suggestion.
But what does Latina's
parentheses shadow mean?
Just Latina's like shadow? Shadow is a hot Latina?
Shadow loves Latina. It's a meme. Oh okay.
Shadow loves Latina's.
Okay.
Get the Jordan's out.
Bare feet.
I don't need ya.
Something, something.
Adios amigo. We can throw that in.
Stay in the shadow.
Stay in the shadow shadow.
I actually love Latina's?
Something? We'll fill it. We'll let the mouse figure it out.
Shadow is the dark hedgehog voice by Keanu.
I do know that actually. That is one thing I know.
Of the things I know that is one of them.
I'm about to go super. My hair turned golden.
Gotta go right now.
Sometimes I'm tempted to just...
I feel like it'd be better to just say this exactly as written by chat.
Um...
Sonic...
That's a Sonic lyric right there. That's why I'm separating that out.
Whoa! Oh yeah.
Rolling around at the speed of sound.
Got places to go.
Gotta follow my rainbow.
A lot of internal rhymes here.
Follow and rainbow.
Um...
You can't outrun a shadow. That's true.
That's pretty strong.
Um... This is a Sonic lyric though.
Whatever this is, it's a Sonic lyric for sure.
Fuck ice. They too slow.
They begging for smegma in the snow.
The only white I beg for I blow.
And then...
Did I mention...
Fuck shadow?
This is what... You think he'd be going after Sonic, but he's not.
They're actually both uniting to say that shadow the hedgehog sucks ass.
Keanu! There you go.
I dipped my dick then I gotta go.
Okay, I'm throwing it in there.
I dipped my mouse dick.
Dip...
My mouse dick.
Then gotta go.
Good enough.
Follow me, set me free, trust me, and we will escape from the city, and I'll make it through.
Prove it to you.
Follow me.
I'm just gonna make Sonic... Sonic's just gonna have to say that.
Whatever that is, he's gonna have to say that.
Put an egg man in your shoe and beat it.
Egg man's a hoe.
Dr. Eggman Knuckles tells Amy Rouge the Bat.
Those are... These are all Sonic-based lyrics.
A strong base of Sonic lyrics.
I think we're almost good on these speedy Gonzales.
Sombrero on my head.
My head stays straight sombrero.
Did I mention Fuck Shadow? Keanu.
Pizza-pocalypse.
We're giving that to Sonic too.
Uh, rolling like we gotta Bugatti.
But we ain't need a Bugatti.
That could be a mouse lyric.
Rolling like I gotta Bugatti.
But it's actually my feet that don't stop me.
Uh, that's why we don't...
That's why I ain't need a Bugatti.
Voiced by Chris Pratt, you can't stop me.
There we go.
Chili dogs.
More like hot mouse hogs.
Dick hard like a printer, jump up when I...
Sex like a winner.
It's going straight in.
That's from Sonic High School?
I love that one.
Chili dogs, more like mouse hogs.
Trip when I run, cause I'm hung like a log.
Damn.
If I could just bring in...
Uh...
If I had Josue here to help me write these lyrics, he could get away with actually rapping in Spanish.
And he could make them much better.
But it's not worth making Josue do this.
Um, okay, that's gotta be enough mouse lyrics.
We'll come back if we missed some mouse lyrics, but we'll paste these all down.
Sonic.
That's how we know.
Friend read me Sonic High School fanfic a while ago. Great stuff.
Is that the one where he is...
Sex a lot?
Is that one of the really sexy Sonic ones?
I'm about to go Super Saiyan my hair turned golden.
Then fast for... When was Sonic? When was the first Sonic game?
1991.
Holy hell.
Over 30 years ago?
And fast for 34 years?
And I'm not slowing.
Uh...
Still got...
Pink Furries...
All...
Still got Pink Furries, panties exploding.
Um...
Gotta go, gotta go.
My blue bit's showing.
I got a TurboGraph X Genesis.
Yeah, the appropriate way to write lyrics is like it's going straight to the website Gamefax, actually.
Subrichi.
That's an old industry secret.
TurboGraph FX... How do you say that? TurboGraph X better than Genesis.
Sonic straight better than all your shit.
Um... Whoa, oh yeah, rollin' around at the speed of sound.
I'm rollin' around at the speed of...
I've been rollin' around... I think he's gotta say rollin' around is hard to say.
He'll probably be like, I've been rollin' around at the speed of sound.
These are gonna have to be two different lyrics.
Rollin' around at the speed of sound.
Whoa.
Why can't I type right now? Whoa!
You did not put exclamation point lyric?
I know, but I just like TurboGraph X.
I like that reference, so I'm stealing it.
Now, case his brother says, and this is in relation to Sonic High School, there is sex.
Tails has sex by jumping up and down with his hands over his head near a lady Sonic creature.
This is good to know.
Was TurboGraph X the one that was like a thing you put over your...
What am I thinking of? There was a Sonic game that was...
that came up for the thing that you like stuck on your Genesis?
3D... Am I thinking of like a 3DX or something? Is that what it was called?
TurboGraph X was its own system.
Yeah, I'm thinking of the 32X.
32X forever.
Whoa.
I've been rollin' around at the speed of sound.
Whoa.
I ain't slowin' it down when I'm pounding clowns.
No.
I'd rather write something else there, but I'd also love to just, you know, finish.
Shine Sonic is a curses version of Sonic.
I don't even know what Shine Sonic is.
TurboGraph X better than Genesis.
Sonic better than...
Sonic is better, but Sonic is better than all your shit.
Okay.
Oh, I also have to do something for Got Places to Go.
Got to follow my rainbow.
Is that a Sonic thing?
Is that an old Sonic lyric?
Because if it's not, then maybe we just skip this one.
That case is brother says 32X had a game where we played with our cousin Bob.
I do remember that, yep.
That is I think our 32X experience.
Experience.
Oh, you know, we have a bunch of comments.
America creating leadership vacuums in other countries has always worked out.
That's a good point, and I'm tempted to give that lyric to Sweetie Gonzalez, but I guess
we won't.
No one is talking about the Trump Epstein files anymore.
But what if Sonic does?
Tim Walls is going to deploy in a National Guard to evict ICE.
At least someone is doing something in the DEM Party.
That is news to me.
I was under the impression he was definitely not gonna do that, but I am a ghost.
Probably can't show video.
Show abolish ICE.
Again, we're gonna incorporate.
I realize I'm doing these way too late, but we will try to incorporate these into the Sonic
song.
RFK Junior's new food pyramid has no limits on alcohol and lots of animal fats.
Not kidding.
Yeah, that's the one with steak at the top.
It's a great time to be an American.
Gotta steal them all.
And that's true for these lyrics as well.
Build a wall you can't keep me out.
I'm a mouse.
I'm bad at lyrics.
I'm tempted to put that whole thing in, Travis.
Just as is.
Show me, set me free, trust me and we will escape from the city.
This feels like it's from a Sonic song.
I'm just gonna leave it in.
I don't bother chasing tails because I don't like it slow.
Vector the sweet nectar.
Shadow loves Latina's.
I think we already used.
We didn't use Vector with the sweetest nectar.
Pizza Pocalypse we might have to say for a different time.
You know what?
We'll leave it in as for someone to just yell at some point.
Right at the bottom here.
How many lyrics do we have for Sonic?
These numbers are useful in the sense that I can kind of tell who's got way more lyrics.
Speedy Gonzalez right now has somewhere around 21 lyrics, whereas Sonic only has less.
It's got like six.
Some of these are stacked up though.
I don't guess more than that.
It's got almost 10.
Never enough Latinas?
Very true.
This hedgehog-ing butt year.
Mouse is clogging.
The only thing you speedy at is fapping and frotting.
I don't entirely remember what frotting is, but I think it's something gross, right?
Two fast, two furious three and knuckles.
Gooning?
Is gooning and frotting?
Yeah, I guess gooning is more modern.
Am I blue all over?
Frisk me, you'll get lucky like a clover.
Clover is a new sidekick I'd love to bend over.
Sounds like there could be a hedgehog character named Clover.
Two fast, two furious three and knuckles.
What does this mean?
I'm putting it at the bottom.
Spread wide your hole.
I'm coming with my gun.
I did say he was Italian.
I think we pivoted to Chris Pratt, but we'll save that for the next time we have an Italian
in the studio, because I'm sure they'd love to say that.
I'm sure they'd be very excited to say that.
Sega does what Nintendo.
You say you'll beat me, but I know you won't.
Cocky is fuck, and I love to gloat.
You boat as fast as an old sailboat.
Bars.
Sega does what Nintendo.
Okay, that'll get us there.
That's enough lyrics.
Speedy Gonzalez is racist.
Raccoons should not be mech fish.
That's going into...
Wait, what is this, Tails thing?
I think I might have deleted a lyric or something, but honestly, that's fine.
These pros will figure it out in the studio, everyone.
They're just that good.
Let's send it back to DJ Music to set up everything so we can record this masterpiece.
Like usual.
I'm a ghost.
I gotta go do other ghost stuff.
It's gotta be fast.
I don't really know how fast they're capable of rapping.
Is that a speedster power?
Also speaking fast?
And is it a speedster power if you're a hedgehog in a mouse?
We'll find out live.
Live and in the studio.
Right now.
Okay, let me pop this open.
I like it.
Thank you for all the lyrics.
I should make a button to turn off the exclamation point lyric because we're locked in now.
But you can technically still send them.
Thank you.
I should have recorded that.
I could have used it.
I could have used that before all of my tracks is my signature.
Is it?
Okay, that one we already got in a different track so we can delete all of this.
We bring in our new track.
We're dropping tracks.
It's already 6.30.
Where does the time go?
There's our Sonic beat.
Sonic type beat.
All right.
We just need speedy Gonzalez to go first, I guess.
Again, this is a slightly different version of him voiced by Chris Pratt.
Then by that I mean hopefully we can find that on short notice.
Where did all the mousees go, everyone?
Where have all the cowboys gone?
What the fuck am I looking at right now?
Okay, we'll just go with the classic.
All right, we got a mouse and it's voiced by Chris Pratt.
So that means it's great to play any cartoon character.
Yeah, that's right.
It's me.
Speedy Gonzalez.
Whoa.
Um, could I maybe?
Maybe get a sombrero?
We're actually removing the sombrero from the character.
He's a, um, he's only partially Spanish now.
Partially Mexican.
I'm playing in a Mexican American mouse now.
So we thought the sombrero might be in poor taste.
Uh, whoops.
Anyway, I'm Chris Pratt.
Speedy Gonzalez ready to rap.
So whenever you're ready just throw it, just give it to me, man.
You feel ready, Chris?
I, you know, I've been known to like to do some music stuff.
I just love to bring a good attitude to everything, you know?
You are playing a Mexican mouse just so you know.
Yeah.
I love a challenge.
And my heart goes out to mice everywhere and that's why I can play one.
To mice.
I love mice.
I look more like a rat.
Well, we're working on the character design.
We're working it out.
We're working it out.
Should I try that as the voice?
I'm Speedy Gonzalez.
No.
Yeah, I got the same note.
They just want my normal voice.
It turns out for everything forever.
Chris Pratt in the house.
Oh, have we started?
Have we started yet?
Not yet.
Let me make sure it's recording.
The check check.
Test test.
Test test.
It's recording.
Okay.
You ready, Chris?
Ah, Chris Pratt ready to go.
I mean Speedy Gonzalez.
Let's do this.
Whoa.
I feel like I'm going to drown.
Speedy Gonzalez.
Chris Pratt.
Voice by Chris Pratt on the mic.
I like it better.
I like it better.
I really have much of a Speedy Gonzalez energy.
That's how I rap.
I'm Chris Pratt.
You're supposed to also be Speedy Gonzalez.
Is that a note?
I love it.
I love taking notes.
There's no time for notes.
You did it.
That one take.
That's what you get.
Sick.
That's actually how I do every scene.
I take the note for future projects.
Great.
Next time.
Sound more like a Mexican mouse.
It's Mexican American mouse, actually.
Okay, thanks.
All right.
Now we need Sonic.
Remember when it just started saying Sonic?
That was one of my favorite parts.
I thought that was one of the highlights.
He didn't really rap that fast either.
I think he gave up on being particularly fast.
Because reading is hard.
Reading and rapping quickly, it turns out, is more of a talent than he had.
Oh, wow.
Look, guys, we got a really accurate version of Sonic, actually.
We got Sonic himself.
Whoa, let's go fast.
You're shadow the hedgehog.
This is as good as we're going to get.
You shouldn't look like this.
Look, I dyed my hair black.
I don't know if you should do that.
Why not?
It's just I'm between, I'm going to dye it blue when I film.
All right.
It's kind of a whole other hedgehogs thing, though.
It's hair.
I can dye my hair black.
If Machine Gun Kelly can get a blackout tattoo, then I can dye my hair black.
All right.
I look cool.
I'm a rapper now.
It's just dark Sonic.
Yeah.
I don't, you don't, you like that too much.
It's hair, dude.
I like it easy.
All right.
All right.
If you say so.
Hit my track.
I got some stuff to say.
Bo!
Sonic naked eyes.
Soggy but your mouth's clogging.
The only thing's PD's is grouting and fronting.
Okay, good thing.
You know, I just realized I had the fucking delay on the whole time.
I think you have to do it again.
I have a, I introduced a delay into the stream to sync up certain things.
But when we rap, it's a bit of a problem.
Oh, so it's even more off than usual.
Yeah, they were even, I was not off.
Do it one more time, Sonic.
If Speeding in is off, all this has to fix later.
I got to go again?
I guess.
It'll be faster if you do.
Oh, I do got to go fast.
It's a 200 millisecond delay, but it will make everything more confusing on my end after the fact.
Sonic, I hate to do this, but do it again.
Fuck!
Gotta go faster than this.
That's it!
If you had to say something, the lyrics would make no sense.
Gotta go super saying, I'm a naked guy, no pants, I'm like the hedgehog.
I'm a fuck-yall girl, yeah, I'm Sonic the hedgehog.
The only thing's speedy, but I'm building me fronting.
This head ain't clogging, but your mouth's always clogging.
Good thing I'm a clown, you're fit and I'm a fraud,
and I move all over big, find out and frisk me down, okay?
Clover is the new Sonic God, the doll that sends racist recs.
Racist recs should not be mecca fishin', I am still rapping, I'm still rapping,
I'm still rapping, I'm still rapping.
Oh, I knew it.
Yeah, that was really good that time.
Yes!
Great work. I knew it.
Great.
Gotta go fast!
The second take was better.
Yeah! That means it was better.
But that's all that it means.
So it was good, it was better.
There's too many moes on screen right now.
Okay, that'll do it for the day.
That is the best way to start your weekend is with a darker version of Sonic the Hedgehog.
Yelling at you.
A shadow but not shadow version of Sonic the Hedgehog.
Let's see who is on.
And then, let's blast off into space.
What looks like our boy Bruce Green is on, who we have not rated in a minute.
Possibly because my stream schedule has been even more erratic than usual.
Guys, have a great night.
Monday I can actually... oh wait, no, Monday is Martin.
Is Monday Martin Luther King Day?
I think I might actually be doing a thing.
Um, because I think Kind of lies the day off.
In which case, I think I'll stream Tuesday actually.
I think we might be doing a little, a little day date.
It is Monday.
So Monday I actually won't be on, we'll do Tuesday Wednesday, Friday next week instead.
So I'll see you all on Tuesday.
I know that it's sacrosanct for me to violate my very strict stream schedule, but we'll just have to figure it out.
Notorious HDG.
Yeah, those were some hard Sonic bars.
And also hopefully this coming week I can, um, carefully mix all of the songs we've made in like the last five DJ news accessions.
Because we need those pre-stream jams.
And I've been failing in my duty. I'm just so busy. I got celebrities in here all the time, according to bars about frotting.
So what can you do?
It's just a case rate.
Say hi to Bruce for me.
Have a beautiful weekend.
And we'll see you Tuesday.
Bye bye everybody.
Sonic.
Sonic.
Sonic.
What?
Oh, sorry, I was just writing more lyrics.
Those are good lyrics.
Thanks.
I'm a pro.
Can I borrow them?