You still hear me?
Everyone, oh my god, I hear myself double again.
Oh no wait, not anymore.
Okay, okay.
Oh, I'm recording.
I recorded that whole hot intro.
Oh, great.
Um, hello everyone, welcome to the Cream Team Dream Stream, brought to you by Fiona Nova
and Case Blackwell.
Oh yeah.
You might notice that something's a little different.
Well, Kasim's not here with us today.
Um, because he's depressed, but, but, and everyone, first of all, let's give a lot
of love to Kasim.
Gee, he's going through it.
This is his tower moment, you know, sometimes life just throws hardballs at you and you
just have to stay strong and keep, keep going and keep rocking with it.
And Kasim's doing the best he can and we love him to death.
This stream is also brought to you by Heart Audio Cables.
We love Heart Audio Cables if you want and need audio cables and, or Cream Team Merch.
Guess where you can find it?
Heartaudiocables.com.
True.
And guess what?
If you use the code Quio, you get some money off.
So why, why the hell not?
Why would you not?
Go grab your stuff at heartaudiocables.com.
I can't think of a single reason not to.
You just, there's actually no reason.
Case, since it is just us two, no Kasim, I think it's, it's, we should do something that
we haven't done in a while.
For sure.
For sure.
So for our audio listeners, we are so sorry, but today it's going to be a back feed.
Let's run that intro.
You know what I just realized to be?
I never stopped recording from the moment I started to agree, but anyway, I have the beginning
of it.
That'll just turn it off.
Here we go.
Yeah.
Here you go.
Intro.
They even hear it because I don't hear it.
Oh, can they not hear?
Oh, there's no audio.
There's no audio.
Got it.
Okay.
Anyways, anyways.
It does not matter.
Let me try one more time.
Let me try one more time and see if there's just randomly audio.
Um, uh, uh, I gotta act fast.
Nope.
There's no audio.
There's actually no audio.
Okay.
No.
Guys, welcome to a very long overdue episode of the back feed.
Again, I do want to apologize to our audio listeners.
This is going to be a very visual, um, a visual podcast episode.
So if you don't want to just listen to us and get lost in the sauce, uh, you can watch
it on Wednesdays, uh, and we drop the VOD.
It's going to be all visual.
Or if, you know, you're in the car and you, you know, can't watch anything, uh, just listen
to it.
It'll still be good.
It'll still be fun.
You just might be a little lost, but that's fine.
I'll do my best to visually describe like an audio visual novel as if, as if we're
writing prompts down in AI, you know, and chat GPT, try to visualize it as much
as possible for you guys.
Um, I'm a little lost, bro.
So guys, yeah, as, as we said, Kassim's not here today.
So we're going to do a quick little back feed.
Um, I have been looking through the back feed, um, thread, and it is actually
insane, the articles that I'm seeing, did one of them highlight your interest
because I just wonder if that, if that one, yeah, I figured I did figure that
because what the fuck, what the fuck?
There's Kass.
I miss him.
And now look how good he looks.
Look how good he looks.
Um, so this is obviously the daily star that takes up way too much of my
RAM and, and, and shuts my PC down.
Anytime I pull it up.
Oh, that's nice.
The daily star of it.
Um, this is an article that is, oh, this image is amazing.
What's the title again?
The thing that throws me here is they're saying this like it's
something everyone's aware of inside that vid of pleasure voice x-rated
night out with 12 inch toddlers and come in here.
Okay.
And I really saw toddlers as toddlers and I was very scared because
what the fuck is a toddler?
A toddler is a penis.
Oh, is it?
Yeah.
Is this the name of their tour?
Yeah.
12 inch toddlers and come in here.
I don't know.
But if you could, if to describe this image, we're what we're
looking at, it's basically like, um, a magic mic image, like, like
an in sync band pose of about 12, how many people are there?
Also, sorry.
I just like to point out the breaking news on the star and not
that I'm diminishing that someone's passed away, but I just
like that their breaking news alert is a porn star dying.
Oh, right.
I'm like on this article.
Harder dies as tributes.
Pour in for what was it?
Say hot.
Ah, I die.
But also RIP.
Cagney, RIP.
Okay.
Cagney was a cagney right.
Sorry about that.
RIP rest in peace.
Yeah.
So, okay, wait.
The pleasure boys XXL tour of the UK and Ireland took a
rather unexpected turn after one crowd got more bang for
their buck than they expected.
What?
One crowd.
Okay.
The racing entertainers bore all with some of them
swinging their rager, large, rather large manhoods about
as they dance with members of the crowd, their wild
antics didn't stop there in a video posted to X formerly
Twitter and seen by the daily star.
Some of the men could be seen pretending to perform sex acts
with members of the audience who appear to be enjoying the
thrill.
Wait, is that not what a, a it's just, they're just
describing a male strip show.
Yeah.
Are they not describing just the male shocking news as
male stripper reveals penis on stage.
Oh God.
Oh God.
Nude members.
Wait, can I please read that?
Nude members of the X rated group could be seen thrusting
at women's behinds with one even lying down on top of
one of the revelers elsewhere on the stage.
Women could be seen leaping on to half dressed dancers as
chubby checkers version of the hit song.
The twist played in the background.
Wow.
Come on and twist again.
They just, did they run out of things to write?
And it's like, let's just go right about a porn strip show right here.
Well, I didn't click on it.
So it worked.
Oh, one wrote on X one wrote apparently some fellow was
doing a helicopter with his dick.
LOL.
Another claimed this woman has come in her hair as all as a
stripper jizzed on her as her closest friends in a room of what's no
wait, that's okay.
Well, that would be a little extreme here.
I also think I think maybe some writer at the, at the
star just watched a porn, like a porn set in a strip club.
Okay.
That's where the line has crossed.
Cause I guess I can understand male strippers like dancing,
you know, but they're being common.
Someone's hair is, it's got to be against some kind of like
health regulation.
I feel like if they're going to lose the venue, like their, uh,
whatever like clearance they have to even put stuff up.
It was a Valentine's weekend special for 15 pounds of pop.
The venue promised a night filled with exciting thrills
perfect for a girl's night out.
I, I have a feeling the jizz in hair is a little, that's
like a line.
Probably, hopefully that just didn't happen.
The pleasure boys.
The pleasure boys XXL.
How come their photo for their 2023 tour looks like it's
from 1998?
It's impressive.
It looks like it just looks, it doesn't look real.
Yeah.
It looks like some background image they found.
They literally wrote Google nightclub image for audio
only listeners.
It's a guy with, I guess, like early Justin Timberlake
here.
Yeah.
It's sort of on his knees, doing the, doing the one
arm thigh grab and the bulge is, is suggesting
something, a white Calvin Klein.
Yeah.
The white Calvin Klein and a half sleeve.
Obviously rolled up boxer briefs more so than
tiny way, which is an odd choice a little up.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We could get a glimpse of his thighs.
Yeah.
Those shiny thighs are shiny.
They're very shiny.
Um, here's one quote.
He told the BBC's Nolan show.
I think this has been blown up a lot more over here
because people are not quite used to what our show is.
We are a fully nude male review show review show.
The reviews are just, you're just getting those
who turn up a bit of release.
What?
Wait, you're just getting those who turn up.
That's not a sentence.
Sounds like the strippers are getting a bit of release.
Yeah.
I, I, is this for the strippers or for the audience
members?
Because at this point, by the time the performers
are coming on people, I don't know if it's
for the audience anymore.
Wait, you pay for a ticket for one of our shows
and there's dancing fire acrobatics and the nudity,
which is the ending.
And where's the jizz in the hair?
Hopefully that just didn't happen.
This is so conventional.
Well, but okay, like, look, look at this stage.
For instance, here's, uh, for audio listeners,
there's an image of a stage where like ticket
we're getting like a behind the scenes.
There's space between, there's a lot of space
between the audience and the actor and the
dancers and the performers.
How did the woman get jizz in her hair?
That's if you're a professional, it's like,
it's like, uh, like, uh, yeah, that,
that was like a, a lengthy jizz.
Holy shit.
These Daily Star articles get so thrown.
Okay, this girl so far to the end.
He claims women in the audience stormed the stage
as the show neared its end.
Adding added the erotic audience interaction
was in plan.
I guess what?
Maybe, maybe you can just buy coverage in the
star would be my only explanation for this
article, like if you're a male strip show
trying to drum up interest, you just
purchase a story, basically.
But I feel like they should have to run that
as like somewhere marked that it's an ad.
I, yeah, I guess.
Yeah, there should be marked ad.
But so is this not true that a woman
not get jizz in her hair?
I'm sorry, I'm still on the jizz in the hair.
We will take to, I'll take to Twitter.
Yeah, can we, is there not like to see
if this is actually being discussed anywhere?
I might also look up Pleasure Boys.
Pleasure Boys X-rated night out.
Yeah, Pleasure Boys XXL.
Because that story was basically crazy event
goes nuts.
People love it.
Oh my God, do not look that up on Twitter
and do not show it.
I mean, I probably won't not show it on
stream and anyone who's watching and listening
do not type Pleasure Boys XXL on Twitter.
Do not do that.
Well, I don't actually see anything that intense.
Are you getting I am seeing insane?
Do I need Pleasure Boys XXL?
Oh, look, people are actually talking about this.
I need to be whole a day.
Good morning, everyone.
Welcome along to this podcast.
First off from the BBC, oh, it is Monday.
The what day is it today?
I need to be holiday.
It's the 19th of February on the podcast today.
So why is this the clip on Saturday night?
I believe at the Devonation, Finnecke and Belfast,
a group of male strippers stripped off completely nude.
Everything gone and their videos
circulating on social media with some people loving it
and some people outraged.
So is it all just a bit of fun or did they go too far?
Excuse me.
All this stuff.
That is a wild clip out because it just contained
it's only 38 seconds and 15 of it are the intro to the show.
Yeah, actually, what an insane clip out that.
It was not even edited properly.
Is he left his burp?
Does the Daily Star actually like is their core audience
just one like old English town with like cobblestone buildings
where people are just outraged
when the latest trumpets are on the trumpets are on the street.
Excuse me. Excuse me.
Excuse me. I want to see these explicit videos.
Yeah, where's the videos?
You said that you were seeing them.
I'm not seeing them. No, no, no, no.
I'm seeing porn like I am.
What did you write on your Twitter?
Just pleasure boys.
You wrote pleasure boys.
Yeah, I wrote pleasure boys XXL.
Oh, OK, that's what I'm missing.
That's what I'm missing.
Well, you write that and you see
what I'm talking about.
Damn, I'm still not seeing any.
No, I'm not.
Why am I getting the most insane?
I literally got a guy putting like a 12 inch cock up his ass.
Like that was the videos I was on stage.
No, like porn.
I'm OK.
porn.
Then you just got porn.
You got porn.
So we're not seeing what the we're not
seeing the stage show, unfortunately.
What is going on?
Oh, oh, live and sleazy.
Fees, I'll go is a little different.
Oh, it's here.
Oh, live and sleazy found the.
Oh, my God, the video is insane.
OK, but I do want to know for context.
Yeah, watch it case.
What is it in the is where is it?
Oh, it's on.
It's right here in the chat.
OK, OK, OK, those are very those are super long
penises if anybody's wondering.
I don't know.
Can I ask?
Is that normal?
No, that's pretty that's pretty extra.
Those are those were the longest penises I've ever seen.
And I've not seen a lot, so I don't know.
I would just like to point out it is really
other than it being a very big penis.
It's extremely tame.
It's just nude men on stage
wagging their dicks around.
Oh, if you want to pull up this video actually case,
I'm going to put it in the chat here.
This video gives us a quick little sneak
of like all the all the cast members.
OK, let me double check if this is safe for work.
This looks safe for work.
I can show us this.
Yeah, it's just a tick tock.
Listeners, we just watched essentially a tick tock
introducing all of the the cast members
of the UK Pleasure Boys XXXL tour.
It's just cutouts.
It's just cutouts of shirtless men.
It's just the same background,
the same Google images background that they found.
The names are so funny.
One guy's name is called Demolition.
I don't understand the aesthetic of of male strip shows
because they feel like they're designed for like 90s gay men.
It's still a male strip show feels like it's designed for other men.
It feels it does not feel.
It feels very not for women.
Yeah, I did.
That's how it feels to me, at least the whole work is like it just
it's also looks retro to me.
It feels like it's for gay men of a different generation.
And also each of these strippers look like any other guy
you're going to meet in West Hollywood, like on the strip.
And it's just like this is literally a gay strip show.
This is for gay men.
Like I don't understand how a woman could see this and be like,
I am going to this.
Yeah, but I'm also a lesbian.
So I don't know where I think women do.
I guess that's where parties go.
There's, you know, speaking of speaking of this, speaking of this,
I don't know if you've seen this video case.
Yeah, we're going to get right into it.
There's a touring bus of men who go to bachelorette parties
and for like feed women food in a sexual way.
What?
And it's like based in Miami.
And oh, my God, is the link in the back.
No, no, no.
This is like my own exclusive research.
Let me watch it.
All right.
Sexual eating fuck, sexual eating tour bus.
Batch, batch, batch, well, let me just quickly
Google sexual eating tour bus.
This is what I'm looking for.
Oh, man, it's OK.
I know someone in chat knows what I'm talking about.
But there's literally a video.
There's literally a video of men feeding women food,
like bananas and like like strawberries with like gloves
and everything.
And then I guess them and like like kissing on them.
Like it was fucking weird.
It's not called the bear guys.
It is actually so insane.
But I need to find the video because it was actually
an insane video.
But I'm sorry, this might just be a strange nightmare you had.
No, it wasn't because I literally saw it two days ago.
My friend, when I was in Austin, if we can't find it
by Googling sexual eating tour bus, how are we going to find it?
I swear someone will find it.
I swear.
And I know it was definitely something
that was on the back feet at some point.
But I just know it's fine.
We're going to this should be the plot of like the sky
is falling, chicken little old wives tale
is feeling running through a town being like they're
sexually feeding women on a tour bus.
They're sexually.
I know I'm so crazy right now, but I swear.
And it's based in Miami.
It's based.
I thought that's what's missing is Miami tweeted.
Wait, quote, tweeted from a guy talking about shaming everyone
in the vid after Black History Month was over.
Oh, my gosh.
They're like, yeah, they're like feeding them messy wings.
And if you guys can find it, please put it in.
I'm going to just add as many search terms
of the things that is possible.
You know what, you know what, maybe on Twitter,
maybe if I go on Twitter and I write down, OK,
sexual eating tour bus.
Yeah, I'm like like sexual eating like, like, oh, but that's
going to I'm going to get a bad search.
Well, yeah.
I mean, you're going to get something bad.
Black women.
Black women.
I'm telling you guys, black women.
Banana.
I don't know.
Black women, cherry pie, face sitting, tour bus.
Tour bus, like food, messy food.
Messy black women food, black women food.
I don't know.
I think we're having a mental breakdown.
I'm just trying to find it.
I. I can't.
Well, well, I believe you just know that I do believe you.
I'm going to actually text my friend to send me that link.
All right.
In the meantime.
Oh, Kevin called me.
Oh, nice.
Let me let me call him back.
Kevin Pirara.
Kevin just called me.
So I'm calling back.
But he called me seven minutes ago.
Have you ever heard that noise in a nuclear silo?
What the fuck?
What the fuck?
OK, I'm going to.
I really need to find this, though, like truly.
Well, while you do that, I'll just point out Longloss,
Fred Durst, Fallout, New Vegas.
I'd return seven years later.
So not all the news is bad news.
What is it?
It's a Fred Durst, Fallout mod.
That's.
And I just want to say thanks to Destructoid
for giving us this article.
Oh, my God.
It's wait.
OK, I'm sorry.
I'm still trying to text my friend.
I don't know how to explain it to her.
I'm going to be like, what's the tweet about the food?
The sexual food feeding for our audio listeners
to describe what we just saw on the Fred Durst front.
There's a Fallout, New Vegas mod
where there's just a Fred Durst model.
And when you talk to him, it plays Limp Bizkit songs.
And that's all that that was.
That's what you missed with your eyes
that your ears were treated to.
Right.
Um, OK, well, maybe by the end of this episode,
I'll find the black women's sexy eating women's
sex eating sitting banana, putting to her bus.
Yeah, um, but OK.
So yeah, I think we all agree that whatever
male strip show that was is for probably for gay men
and not really women.
But and also that, I guess, the standards for nudity
in certain areas are just different.
I don't know.
I just wouldn't expect this to be like, well, right, right.
Because Ireland, like Ireland, I guess,
this was the BBC Ireland or whatever the fuck was saying,
like, was like they went fully nude.
And it's like, dude, I just jump on the sixth train
and I see many fully nude people.
And also that the BBC needs to up their social media
video clip outs and cut out the 20 second intro.
And cut out a burp that you're leaving the burp in.
Be like, that was that and they were showing that.
How about this one?
It's it's an article.
It's actually right above the that other article
that says maker of Tinder, Hinge, sued over addictive
dating apps that put profits over love.
No, who could have guessed?
Who could have guessed?
And then there's another article that says nobody
actually likes come shots.
But we'll get to that maker of Tinder.
When Kasim's not here, this is the only kind of story.
Well, yeah, because if he if he saw what we're doing
right now, he would be so angry.
He'd be sad.
He'd be like, you guys didn't plan the show.
This is what happens when there's
no run of show and he's going to be really upset
that all we're doing is just throwing articles
that we're finding.
Yeah, and that's what I love.
I love doing this stuff.
I love when we don't have anything planned
because we get the best shit.
So OK, so yeah, let's talk about this
Tinder and Hinge getting sued.
The popular dating apps, Tinder,
Tinder, Hinge and the league.
What's the league?
It's not just a TV show anymore.
I guess it's also a dating app.
What is the league?
Does anyone has anyone been on the league?
Let us know in the comments down below.
The league hook users with the promise
of seemingly endless romantic matches
in order to push people to pay money
to continue their compulsive behavior
according to a federal lawsuit filed
in San Francisco on Wednesday.
OK, the suit brought by six plaintiffs,
plaintiffs in states, including New York,
California and Florida argues that dating
app parent company match group
gamifies the service to transform users
into gamblers locked in a search
for psychological rewards
that match makes elusive on purpose.
While Hinge's advertising slogan boasts
that it is designed to be deleted,
the lawsuit claims match groups.
Dating apps are really designed
to turn users into addicts who do not find
true love and instead keep purchasing
subscriptions and other paid perks
to keep the publicity
traded companies revenue flowing.
I do I can see why that is a bit
it does feed into the gambling and the addiction
kind of similar with like sex addiction.
Sure, I feel because, yeah,
when you're adding a lot of subscriptions to like
like, especially I think it was on Hinge or something
where like you can see they'll like
refuse to show you matches
or like they'll show you matches you can have.
But you have to purchase roses
to then connect with them.
Yeah, they they try to price lock
the idea that if you pay more,
you're more likely to meet someone.
Yeah, and so what's funny is that with on Hinge
it's funny because I think with Hinge
and this has happened when I was on Hinge
for like a very short amount of time.
There's a moment where you keep getting a bunch of likes
and you know, you're like, oh, cool, this is amazing.
And then suddenly you stop getting likes
and you actually start getting roses.
And I was like, OK, so either I just completely
ran through the entire lesbian scene
or something's happening.
Well, I think roses are supposed to be better than likes.
Yeah, but I think what's happening with like, let's say
not saying that I'm a popular person, but I'm assuming
a lot of people was liking my profile.
So then Hinge on their algorithm was like, oh, this is someone
that people find attractive.
We're going to put her on the rose section.
So now I can't even get any connects with anyone
because I'm now in this weird prison
of giving them revenue.
Sure. Yeah.
And I think a lot of hot girls get that
like a lot of hot girls on Hinge get put in like this prison
cell on Hinge.
That means they can only receive roses
so they can only get reached out to people who have roses
or essentially who have paid.
I had Hinge briefly for like a couple of months
after I moved to LA just to be like, all right, fine.
Everybody uses these things.
I never went on it like a Hinge date
and I deleted it after about two weeks.
Oh, I deleted it quite literally instantly.
It was not fun for me.
To me, though, I know you're talking.
They're like the there's like your normal feed of stuff.
And then there's like the basically like the Instagram
influencer version where it's everybody has way more
like aesthetically pleasing fees photos.
But also just like they look like kind of Instagrammy model
photos, which made me wonder, like, are they just creating
like false flag women?
I do think there are accounts that are fake in there,
but I also do think that there is
they they like lock hot people in this weird prison
where they can make money.
And the way that Hinge knows if you're a hot person
is depending on how many likes you get.
Yeah.
And so once you hit a number of likes, like there's a lot
like in one day, let's say like you get like a lot
of likes, like 50 likes.
Yeah.
Then they'll be like, oh, this person's popular.
We're not going to show her on the main feed anymore,
but we're going to show her in the rose feed or whatever
the other feed is.
Yeah.
You can only talk to her if you give her rose,
which means you have to pay us, which I think is
kind of fucked up.
It's very I actually had the opposite issue where
they offered me a one time settlement to get off of Hinge.
They were like, please, please begging you leave.
You've got negative you've got negative likes.
Absolutely.
You've somehow they somehow created daggers and
they're throwing them at you.
It's a new icon.
Yeah.
I I also just think that I think now tenders like
remarketing themselves.
Thank God, because Tinder felt like you could only
encounter narcissists and like abusers on that.
It was like giving really sinister vibes on Tinder.
My friend, Tim, who you've met, Tim, who's been
on the streams occasionally, the stream wizard himself.
He always used to tell this story if he was on a train
and he looked over and there's a guy and he was just
what's the one where you're saying yes to things
on Twitter is that swipe, right?
I mean, on Tinder Tinder.
Yeah.
So he's just as fast as possible.
Like he's trying to like fill up a gauge in a video game,
swiping right on people until he ran out of the ability
to swipe right on people.
Then he popped and then he popped that open immediately
open porn and just started watching.
He closed media porn, boom, and just like was locked in.
Why is he doing that?
Why is he doing that?
It was like Friday.
He's getting ready for the weekend.
I just let the like in public.
Sketch, that's a literal sketch.
Oh, my God, it was like Friday.
That's so insane.
It's fucking Friday.
I'm fitting to go out.
It's fucking Friday.
I'm behind on my two favorite things.
Swiping and porn.
Tinder and porn.
Anyway, whatever I think of, that's what I think of Tinder.
I think of that guy.
I assume that's every guy on Tinder.
That's literally, I actually picture that perfectly.
That's so funny.
Yeah, so I don't know.
I do think, here's my take on dating apps.
Now that I've done it and also just seeing it.
I think dating apps can be helpful.
Sure.
But I also can see where with a dating app,
you're forcing a connection that might not ever
had to be there to begin with.
And so in my opinion, I think the perfect way to meet people
is doing the things that you like.
So you are around the people that have similar interests with you.
You know, have you ever like dated someone
and then you guys break up
and you actually just never see each other again?
Like you quite literally don't even bump into each other
because it's like you are so not aligned anymore
and like what you like and what you do
that like you don't even like bump into them.
It's never like a possibility of seeing them.
And I think that's how it feels with dating apps
that you're like forcing a connection
that you might not ever have had before.
Yeah.
Which can be negative in some way, I feel.
I have a skewed perspective because everyone I've ever dated
was like I met them through like theater, comedy, or work.
That makes sense.
But theater, comedy makes sense because there's
an actual like what's it called?
Well, yeah, a common interest.
It's also nice because to your point, you meet people
and you don't meet everyone in the context of like,
should we fuck?
Yes.
Like that's just a thought that might develop
instead of that like being the underlying
tension of the entire relationship.
And also the fact is is that like when you're
on a dating app, it's all based on looks.
Like there is no other way.
If they find you hot, then you'll get.
I think as a guy on certain apps,
if you are somehow able to distill a sense of being
like a funny likable guy into those prompts,
that actually can get you can get you attention.
Right.
But being hot is better.
Right.
Well, the other one thing will work.
But I will say I think it is different, especially
if you're trying to attract women.
I do not.
I'm so sorry I'm going to say those guys.
I do think the bar is so low that like if you
come off as a genuine funny guy on Tinder,
you might get more matches by women because just like.
But like on the other end, when it's for women,
like women attracting men, I have a feeling men
will swipe more on an attractive woman
than a funny quirky one.
I just have a feeling.
I also was though.
Like I mean, I guess I should have been surprised,
I was blown away how many of the accounts
which were all female for me were like, I like food.
I like height.
Right.
Right.
I like dog.
Right.
Yeah, and obviously I feel like you're a little you
have more death to you case.
And I think you're just a very amazing human being.
Again, I'm not saying that everyone else is not that.
But you are a very special one.
I do want to say.
I like card to card king.
I like heart.
I know that on my hinge app or like on my like dating profile,
I would write awful things on my bio.
I would be the one writing I like cars
or I'll just be like, if you know me, you don't.
Then again, if I just if I saw a profile that was actually
like, I like car, I like food, I like dog,
I would be like, swipe, swipe right
at times immediately pull out the porn.
I'm so glad you would swipe on me
because because like I that was literally my profile.
I refuse to write more than four words.
Yeah.
And I never wanted to.
They'll be like, what's like your favorite food?
I'll be like, I like pasta.
Carb.
I like pasta.
And then I would and then I would be like people
would be like, or like on hinges, the prop like,
what's a green flag?
And I was like, not a narcissist.
And then I would just go to the next one.
It's so.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The not caring too much is powerful also.
Oh, I could not care less.
I couldn't care less.
I remember screenshotting my hinge thing
because I started getting a lot of anxiety from it
because there was a there was a world where there was
just too many people to like to message
and I got anxious and I just deleted the app.
I remember just being like, this is too much.
Sure.
I don't. The attention is a little too much for me.
Well, you're getting both perspectives.
Someone who's very in demand and someone who I think
got and I am not like the whole time.
I am not in demand.
I just think that as a lesbian scene,
like I think every lesbian gets the same amount
as likes as I did.
It is true also, at least based on articles
I've read that men's rate of success on the apps
is like insanely low and so are women's.
But just it's slightly higher.
No, I think women have a lot of an easier
chance to find a guy because I think all the guys
are available to them.
I think I remember reading an article was like
the average Tinder or like dating apps user
if they're female goes on like one to three dates a year
and the average male is like below one.
No, no, no.
I completely believe that I also think
and you know what?
Here's another thing.
I also think women don't like to say that
or I don't know if it's women, like I'm generalizing.
But I think there's a world where people are embarrassed
to say that they met on a dating app.
The Irish girl that I was absolutely in love with.
We met on hinge and she kind of was like embarrassed
to like say that.
Sure.
And I was like, I didn't give a shit because I was like,
everyone does like everyone meets on like an online something.
And I remember she didn't like talking about it
and could possibly why she broke up with me
because she was like, I can't keep telling people
that we've met on hinge.
Like she wants to meet in a more genuine way.
And then I'm like, bitch, why were you on it to begin with?
Anyways, but I do think there is this world where
I think people like want to meet the love of their lives
on hinge.
And then when it does happen, they're like,
fuck, why was it on hinge?
I couldn't have been at like a restaurant or like
I want like a cute.
I want like a cute everybody wants to meet cute.
Everyone wants like a meet cute.
Everybody wants to trip over Jessica Alba
while they're both going down a water slide or whatever.
Like all the classic romantic comedies.
Yeah, but I don't know.
You can just make one up.
People need to be more comfortable lying.
Just say we were both climbing a mountain in Tibet together,
but not together.
And I started slipping and she threw me a rope or vice versa.
Yeah, so I don't know.
But anyways, I do agree that to the fact that they're getting
too soon is I think fair because it does feel a little
like gambling or sex addiction.
It would be nice if not everything was deeply commodified.
For instance, meeting people that you'll actually spend your life with.
Yeah, no, I think like like that's like capitalism is like ruining that now.
It's probably the one genuine thing.
The one genuine thing you have, which is getting a love
of romantic connection with someone is now capitalized.
We need a government subsidized dating app.
We need to buy economics.
Yeah, like a USPS, but for dating.
Mm hmm. Absolutely.
Should we look at this fee?
Because it can't cast him did hook us up with some ideas, at least for things to look at.
And I feel like this is a good way for us to not endear ourselves to anyone
because we won't know who any of these people are.
So best creative art streamers.
This is for the stream awards.
Just a few awards.
Yes, yes, yes.
The stream awards happened this weekend.
And if you don't know it, sorry, I don't know it either.
I don't know what it's about.
I am assuming all I know is that QT Cinderella is the one that hosts it or has made it.
And this is fun for me because I also don't understand some of these
categories or I didn't realize some of these categories are well-defined categories.
So this is good to know.
Yeah, I guess so.
For instance, best creative art streamer, the best streamer to watch for art,
music, food and drink or making and crafting content.
That seems pretty broad in that it's like pretty broad.
It could be anything.
But so OK, so the nominees were Aria Thumb.
Aria Aria at home, actually.
Oh, are we at?
Dude, am I?
Are you? Yeah, I didn't read it that way either.
Aria Thumb, Aria Thumb.
Hello, I'm Ari Thumb.
I mostly sip wine and Trisha
is a birdie. Nice. OK.
I know rubber Ross.
Hey, there we go. I know Ross and Onigiri.
OK, we get the one that one was rubber Ross.
We could probably just we don't even have to do all these.
The best MMORPG streamer,
Asmongold, just getting blasted out by Soda Poppin.
Yeah, I guess.
But do these do these people ever change?
Like, it feels like they're the same nominees every fucking year.
Um, well, maybe Asmongold will cut his hair someday.
I don't know, maybe best strategy game streamer.
It's disguised toast.
Who I have heard of, to be fair.
Well, yeah, disguised as best chess streamer.
Tyler one. Is he not a league streamer?
I guess he also streams chess.
Why did why did the Botez sisters not get it?
But Tyler one got it.
I had to edit a whole project once they had the one of these
Botez ladies in it a lot.
And they were their main thing was chess.
Their whole thing is chess.
Wait, why did they what?
Because little Tyler was fucking flexing and yelling and they weren't.
Oh, is Tyler one, not a league streamer?
Or was that the past?
I mean, its name is literally League of Legends.
Tyler one. I'm sure.
But maybe he probably streams just to best software
and game development streamer.
What does that mean?
Oh, oh, like people who like to probably like game development.
I see, I see. OK, OK, Miko didn't get it.
Pirate software, a best fighting game streamer.
I haven't heard of any of these people.
I've heard of Hungry Box.
Oh, I've because I've watched a documentary in Smash Brothers.
OK, well, I have no idea.
Best speedrun streamer.
Virtual one with a W. Never heard of it.
Hidden gem. That should have been you.
Well, it could have been me.
That should have been everything show.
What's that? No one's more hidden than me.
If they should have gone by most hidden.
Yeah, you should have gotten the most hidden or softest streamer.
I think I might know people from the everything now show.
Oh, really?
Oh, unless I don't show.
Yeah, I think I think Tim did this.
Tim, who we just mentioned.
Yeah, this is the.
I think your show should have been absolutely on hidden gems.
I was too hidden.
I'm actually a little more under the radar than this.
Sorry, if you're even more Indian cool.
So I kind of don't prescribe this kind of thing.
Yeah, yeah, I'm kind of this actually.
Actually, you might actually be way above the average viewers.
That they're that that's the category is really under 100 viewers.
That's I'm I guess I'm occasionally above that.
I think you're mostly over 100 viewers.
OK, I also wait.
You could have voted for the nominees for this thing.
Well, I tell you all of you to vote for the cream team or case for hidden gem.
But no one listened. Oh, I didn't know.
We I thought they get I thought it was like the Oscars where they just
they decide the nominees and then we vote.
I thought we'd have to send Will Neff a bunch of flowers or something.
Yeah, yeah, like what my brother did, like what my brother did.
Well, we'll skip skip skip through these because they're a rising star.
Who's the rising star Nora Explorer?
Look at handsome fella.
There's a guy named handsome fella and it just looks like Matt Reif
widened his face a little. OK.
Best role play streamer.
Fan him. Fan him.
Best Minecraft quack.
Oh, that's got to be a heavily contested one.
I don't know, Mr. B.
Oh, is Mr.
Bees a Minecraft? No, it's not Mr. Bees.
It's a dream dream.
I do keep getting it's sort of Minecrafty.
I keep getting recommended Mr.
Bees trapping ages one to one hundred in cubes.
See that? I didn't see that, which is actually an insane thing.
It sounds like he's advertising torture.
Yeah, if you just want to redo the Holocaust, just say it.
I read the Holocaust for ages one to one hundred of every race.
We are starting to hit that best IRL streamer.
That should have been us.
That could have been us.
We could have had it all game of the year.
Lethal company.
Really? I feel like it had kind of such a brief moment in the sun,
though, like two months, unless it's still popping off.
I just never see it. I never see it recommended anymore.
I don't think so.
Best shared channel.
Oh, the only black.
The only black channel doesn't win R.D.C.
Gaming, the only one that has was black people.
Was there another black person there that I didn't see?
Oh, there it is.
Puppetsons there.
Yes, although I do it.
Phantom looks like he's not a white guy.
It looks like there's some diversity here.
I hope so on Black History Month.
Best content organization.
Amp. Amp.
I don't know what that is.
You know, amp is amp.
What's the show, Joe?
What is this?
What are these?
How are these shows?
It's probably a Vtuber like content house offline.
I've heard of OTK. I've heard of amp.
I'm not sure.
Amp is a micro.
OK, it's a micro.
There's going to be someone I know in this
and I'm going to feel bad.
Amp is mostly black guys, including Kai.
OK, it's Kai Sanat and friends.
Best stream series.
This one's a little funny to me.
Name your price.
Wait, how did name your price win?
I think they did it like this year as well.
Wasn't Will the host?
I think Will and Austin were both hosts.
OK, which is fair.
But I think they did do name your price
over the course of last year as a live show
that they also streamed.
So it just it's funny to me
because it looks like it's G4 from 2022.
And they're going to award.
But it's not what they they took their show
on the road, I think when this year or last year, last year.
Sorry, Jesus.
They had a few live shows.
Jack confirms it.
So anyway, show it to Austin and Will
and and sort of the ghost of G4 haunting us all.
Never never got the cred.
Never got the credit
because wasn't it like someone else's idea
or was it anyways, but anyways,
but best breakthrough streamer, Jinxie.
It was black boy Max.
Wait, I don't know.
It looks like he's in jail.
Is that like a look a little like a mugshot?
But it might just be
he just snapped it real fast.
Jesus Christ. OK, I just have to know that.
That's me, too. My mouse.
Can I be up for best Vtuber
because of all my snapchat filters?
I think you should.
Best just chatting streamer.
Kaisenat won.
Kaisenat was about to drop the
Efsler at some point.
Did you remember seeing that?
And that's why he's number one.
When he was talking, when he was,
yeah, that's going to absolutely shoot you up there.
When he was talking about.
Lil Nas X.
I'm out to drop it.
I remember.
Yes, he was.
He was mad at Lil Nas X
and almost dropped an Efsler.
He seems like we need to up our slur game.
It seems like the the, you know,
general brain rot of fame is not doing
Kaisenat any favors.
So we'll see how the next couple of years go for him.
All right.
Case. Oh, so close.
So close.
The streamer that broadcasts
variety content across multiple categories.
So close.
So close.
How come Kate?
Look at this guy.
I could be this guy.
That's just me.
League of their own.
Oh, I know Bose.
That's one of my friends.
Oh, nice.
Oh, Emily.
They are the trailblazer in the streaming industry.
Well, extra Emily.
Extra Emily, let's go.
I don't know what they do.
Does it link to their page?
If you click on it, maybe it doesn't.
Oh, it doesn't.
No, it doesn't.
That would have been a nice.
It actually should.
OK, streamers choice award.
Oh, we got to get cast in the legacy award.
That'll be I'll cheer him up as she deserves the legacy award.
Guys, let's start voting now.
The lifetime achievement award for Kasem G.
But I just don't know that his life is over.
You give him a lifetime achievement award.
We have to give him that the Sapphire award.
Best female slash marginalized gender streamer of the year.
The award recognition streamer who likes like a sapphire.
Whoa, is formed against the odds.
Is that a what?
I just wouldn't have ever thought to phrase that way.
OK, 97% of the top streamers are male.
That's a fun.
That's a fun reminder to have in this award.
We're dedicated to streamers who identify as female
or as marginalized gender or have excelled entertaining
at the highest level.
Well, way to go, Valkyrie.
Well, Valkyrie.
Well, it's nice when the underdog gets it.
Top streamer forever.
Like what gamer of the year?
Jinxie.
Damn, I'm not.
Jinxie.
I don't know.
I don't know any of the stuff.
Does that say clit?
Yeah, clitlust, that's Jinxie.
Clit?
OK.
I should really know about the platform I'm on every day.
A streamer of the year, the best overall streamer
of the past year.
They suck rates.
OK, it's Kaisena.
I don't know how to feel about all of this.
I just might not care.
But something about award shows for this, for streaming,
is a little insane.
I think it's fair to do it.
I mean, somebody's got to make the award show for the people.
I think it got, honestly, probably viewership not
that many leagues off from a Golden Globes or something.
I think I saw claims that it was like 600,000 concurrent
viewers or something.
I do think.
I know we talked about it, but I
do think we should have a creamy award.
And have our own award show that has best slur drop
or best racist moments.
I know we should really actually keep it.
We should try to remember all the terrible things
that streamers do all year.
But we can just have people vote on it.
That's true.
You know, we send us your best ones
and the one that gets the most views or stuff or clicks.
The other thing from the stream awards,
if I can find it, who's the guy that was singing that song that
bothered people?
Oh, the gay guy that was singing?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Or like he said it was gay or something?
He's not gay.
I think he's bi.
Yeah, it was like, maybe I can just find it.
Oh, I don't know if I can watch that.
Am I going to cringe?
It's pretty rough.
Oh, no.
Did clicks deserve to wait?
I don't know who I just don't know who it is.
Apparently it's the Fortnite song.
I know.
Maybe if I just look stream awards.
Right, gay.
Has this been scrubbed from the internet?
No, it's on Twitter.
It absolutely is.
There's like a whole thing, I remember.
I can't believe I can't find this.
Let me see if I can find it.
It's like gay unless like Elon Musk.
Chug jug?
Pug jug.
Gay streamer awards.
OK, I got it.
OK, good.
I found it.
I found it.
I'm going to put it in the chat.
I'm going to put it in the chat.
Best director case.
I wrote gay streamer awards in this effort.
Yeah, that's what I searched too.
Somehow we have different search results.
Oh, yeah, something's different.
OK, here we go.
I liked playing Fortnite, but they ruin the game.
All these updates are gay.
It was the game that was my most favorite game.
I changed it, now it sucks.
Epic games is a bunch of cucks.
For zombies, now there's bottle rockets.
Went from good to gay.
Ipex has stole the fame.
How can I?
I thought I liked Fortnite.
I can't.
That is so embarrassing.
What is that?
Is that like serious?
Was he serious?
Or was this like a comedy?
No, I mean, he's supposed to.
He's like, I don't even play Fortnite.
This is a parody song.
I'm trying to talk like a Fortnite kid was his argument.
I think that I think he ran into the issue
that I could easily run into some of the stuff I make.
I'm sure too.
Where nobody knows who the fuck this guy is.
So you just I know one.
Right.
I mean, I'm sure they do in the building,
but like your average person sees this guy
and you're just like, who's this guy who
sounds like a Fortnite gamer being like, Fortnite is gay.
Yeah, coax are also gay.
But I also think there's a world like I
think you can comment how gay you are,
but you shouldn't say something so gay or like.
Yeah, like if you have the context,
I guess he said he was part of the LGBT community.
And some yeah, some something.
I still I still think I still think here's my take.
I still think he's bisexual.
He's bisexual, bisexual, apparently.
I not saying like I just think that if you're
going to make a comment like that, I think the reality is
there was a guy that essentially commented and quote
retweet and be like, why is this guy
saying there's actually no gay representation
on the steroids?
There were.
There was a lot of gay men.
Yeah, I think this is the quote the tweet that went
semi or there's like another one.
I know there was a lot there were like some gay men there.
But there isn't like an actual like there's
not even an award for like best LGBTQ like streamer.
Hmm.
It's the Pearl Award for the for the Rock Lake streamer
formed against the odds inside a clam.
And who's gay?
Right.
Yeah, there isn't like even that or even an acknowledgement
of like, you know, gayness and anything.
And anything.
This was their acknowledgement, letting
this guy get on stage and call Fortnite gay.
He actually met it as a compliment.
Fortnite's for gay cucks.
It's representation for nights for gay people like me.
It I think also a joke that didn't slide because it was yes.
It's just not very well done.
Yeah, it was just like if he if he made it in a way of like
he's pointing out that he's gay and so he plays Fortnite.
I think that's different.
There's a million ways to do parody content.
And hey, I've made some of the wrong steps in it too.
But that's not a good one.
But I think his songs are like popular with a certain
is like parody Fortnite songs, which I guess there's more
than one are popular with some.
They got the Sapphire Award for all marginalized people,
which again, I don't.
Yeah, that what a way to group that was actually everyone
who's a little different than 97% of the of the audience who
love to hate does have a good idea with best sex doll
reviewer.
And I think we know I think we got him.
I think it's I mean, whatever.
I just I honestly don't think I care enough.
I mean, I don't I he I don't know if you apologize or something.
Yeah, it's not actually that big of a deal
because it's the stream awards.
But yeah, I guess it's whatever.
I I think I think instead of because I did see a lot of hate
under the the comment of a guy like making essentially
essentially a guy made a comment being like,
hey, why is this guy talking about like like Fortnite being gay
and there wasn't a lot of gay representation to begin with.
And then people were fucking clowning him in the replies.
And I was like, I think he's bringing out a good point.
I'm not saying, yeah, sure, you have a couple gay men
on stage like fine.
But you still don't acknowledge gayness in general
what in the streaming community.
I mean, half of the biggest readers
are like openly conservative and anti gay.
Like a lot of it is anti gay.
Like everything a lot of it is anti gay and anti black.
Like Aiden Ross is on streams just dropping F-bombs
and telling people to vote for Trump literally.
Like there was like like Lil Nas X got a lot of shit
for being gay like last month dropping Jesus Christ.
Like you can't from the guy who just won best year of the year.
I know you bet. Right. Exactly.
It's very representative.
One gay guy and a bunch of homophobic dudes
that are the top streamers.
You can't clown on the guy that's actually making a point.
Like you literally the best streamer award
almost dropped an F slur a couple of weeks.
Like there was a lit there's literal proof of it.
Like you can't.
I think that's what's unpleasant about like
I have nothing against the streamer awards,
but it's like the twitch in its totality
is sort of like this messy kind of gross thing.
Yeah, and trying to like coalesce it into this smooth product
where everybody gets along feels a little like a difficult mission to me
because again you have like, yeah, you're trying to like represent groups,
but there's people there that are literally homophobic,
fucking crazy narcissists. Exactly.
It's really tough because there's too many people
who are like two on one end and one the other.
And it's like you can't.
And also it's just again, it's just messy and I hate.
Here's I think the reality is I hate making
losers popular.
I think I hate giving them a platform sometimes
because I'm just like I'm just like this is like a lot of it is cringy
and it's also just like I don't know.
The ideal image of a loser is like the revenge of the nerds loser
minus the sexual assault.
But that's not in reality how it is.
In reality, it's like it's a loser who's making billions of dollars
with like the worst opinions you can imagine.
I just hate it so much.
They're making a million dollars have the worst opinions.
And then we're giving them another award show where they can
they can now get more of an ego.
I'm like, no, not for me, not for me.
But obviously there's people we know involved and that's like nothing
against like Will or Austin or or QT Cinderella or all those people.
It's just like it's a weird mix.
And I think like like movie awards and TV awards, there's just a sheen
of like 70 years of professionalism to tidy it up.
But because streaming is kind of this new and explicitly kind of youthful
platform, it's just like there's just something about it that makes me
just makes me kind of nerve wracking.
And it's also nerve wracking because the guy who just did like someone
who won the best, whatever, you just put a spotlight on him.
And then next week, he decides to like, you know, like assault someone,
you know what I mean?
Because they're just not like they're just people on a computer.
Like, yeah, like that's what it is.
Kaisen gives away puppies by launching them out of a T-shirt
can in next week.
And you're like, oh, oops.
Yeah. Yeah.
So oh, wait, Dan Clancy was the one to present the award to Valkyrie,
who is exclusive to YouTube.
Wait, is this not a twitch?
Wait, was this not the twitch awards?
I don't understand.
I think it's twitch focus, but it's technically just called
the streamer awards.
Oh, so it's like all streams.
But if they really want to put a focus on YouTube,
they would need to put on some pretty reactionary content
makers if they want to go with the most popular ones.
Right.
You really want to get Ben Shapiro rolling up to the streamer
awards? Yeah, because what?
Oh, no, I would really like to thank my entire team for getting
us this award this year and to all of the cucks in the audience.
I say, got it.
Thank you so much for that one.
That was beautiful.
Um, wow, what does Kendall say?
Well, he does technically stream.
Yeah, he has like a daily talk show on YouTube, Ben Shapiro.
Oh, OK, I'm not sure if it's live, but I think it might be.
Yeah, it might just be uploads.
I've actually never dug deeply into the Ben Shapiro catalog.
Wow. Yeah.
Well, listen, I mean, we've been we got an hour in for the podcast.
So I guess this is it for the back feed, where we just
completely roasted a bunch of streamers for the last 30 minutes.
But I think that's going to do it.
I think that's a pod, guys.
Thank you so, so much for joining in on the Cream Team Dream
brought to you by Heart Audio Cables and also brought to us by Kasem G,
who is depressed now and with love.
I think you guys should send him so much love and hearts and hugs
and kissies on the forehead to Kasem G.
And we will see you Wednesday for the Patreon pod.
And I'll try to find something weird to do at that time.
Oh, shit, I forgot.
Oh, were you not going to?
I forgot. I forgot about thanking people.
I'm not going to. Yeah, sorry. No, cancel raid.
They still need to tell our fucking subs, talk our subs.
And did we want were you going to stream at all after?
Or do you want to?
I don't know. I could raid straight into you if you want to stream.
I don't know if I'm going to.
But I will you told me about Helldivers. Is that good?
I don't know, Chad, is Helldivers good?
Also, is it for steamers?
Is it just for let me look at it real quick. Helldivers.
Helldivers to to be clear.
Oh, it is on steam.
OK, oh, no, this looks hard.
I need like stupid games.
Supposedly it is a little stupid in a way that's like exterminator says,
Fiona, don't play Helldivers.
You won't like it and your PC can't do it.
OK, that's fair. That's fair.
I guess that's it for that.
Cool. All right.
Well, yeah, case you're going to call out the case
is going to wrap everyone's subs, which is the best part of the stream
where he does improv in such an amazing way that shocks me
because he's so talented.
And yeah, guys, thank you so much for joining in the podcast.
We'll see you Wednesday for the Patreon case.
It is up to you. Oh, my finish this shit up.
It always has to be a slightly more mellow rap
in my apartment than it than outside, but that's fine.
That's fair.
OK, if there's any request for a beat, let me know.
And also, if you've subbed, thank you so much or dropped a bit.
Sincerely appreciated. Oh, my God, there's another avatar clip.
Got to watch that later.
Smooth jazz rap. OK, smooth.
Jazz trap beat.
I found I found the clip.
Oh, wait, can I show it?
Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely.
OK, wait, hang on. I found the clip.
I'm putting it in chat.
I'm putting it in chat.
Ben Shapiro trap beat.
I'm putting it in chat.
There it is. Ben Shapiro trap beat.
OK, yeah, can we watch that first?
We sure can.
Oh, oh, wait, can we?
I don't know. OK, OK, OK.
I'm telling you. OK, I was going to give a slight content
warning here that this is way more explicit than I expected.
But I told you, this is what I was saying.
It's technically not sex, so I think we can show it.
Food. Jesus Christ.
It's crazy. What the hell?
Yeah, that's surprising to me.
It's a surprise. OK, and now can you explain?
Like, can you please justify me?
Affirm me in the way that how was I supposed to try to find this?
It's black women, sexually eating.
Your girl goes out for a girly lunch with her friends.
It says POV that I don't know what this is.
Also, I can't scroll down into the comments
because it's all porn courtesy of Twitter's wonderful new algorithms.
Do not. What is this?
I don't know. But apparently they're like a tour bus
and they come to your house and do this.
They break down the door.
We're at parties.
We got bananas ready.
Hello, Jesus. OK.
Well, goddamn, I guess I'll put
on the smooth jazz beat to round up the stream.
After that sexiness, I mean, why not?
Yeah.
Um. OK.
Do I have so many effects I can use if I really want to?
All right, you've been subbing all stream long, possibly.
Who am I to tell you what to do?
And now is the time where I shout you out.
Damn, I feel like I'm on a tour bus right now.
Get the bananas out, boys.
And here we go.
Slide that banana in so easily.
I got an army of one bit coming in for some breaching.
Seriously, like twenty three one bits,
some breaching, dropping bits on it.
We got a height train, chug a chug a chug level one coming in.
And now I'm in love and it's making me feel oh, so alive.
Because and the daddy's dropping the five thanks and a daddy.
But let's move on.
L.I. biscuit coming in, dropping subs all along.
And you know, we didn't well.
My boy is swell.
And thank you so much to Matt Lantel, Dan, Mick, G.
Boss, the beat drop, the beat stop.
But the subs, the subs keep going.
Even though the beat just hard, it did, in fact, hard stop.
But damage, you thank you for the sub.
Look, the weird one.
Here we go.
Oh, here's round two.
Another round of subs coming in for you.
We got the hype train, baby.
That shit just hit level fucking three.
Every time we drop in and you know that we go,
we got a sub coming in from shy, so low.
Uncle Phil 2K and he's keeping it much more so than the one bit
from West with Skymer with the 100.
And you know that that is something good.
Microphone 900 with the one bit 500 bits.
I'm sorry.
That's the shit.
Sub reaching with five broad West with one.
But lady side tricks gets us all fucking done.
She's on the five stream streak.
We've been mining so weak.
Pussy, so hot that I made the shit Gleek.
All right, that's that's a little pussy.
That's the pussy rhymes at the end there for everybody.
Just just because why not?
All right, let's raid somebody who we raided, who we raided?
Ra ra raid.
All right, let's raise the breach because I was just about to raid
some breach.
The raid has been created.
Thanks again, everybody.
All right, guys, well, we'll see you later.
Have a have a nice little day and we'll see you Wednesday
for a page on pod or streams that might come to you either
today or tomorrow.
And I should be back on tomorrow, I think.
Yeah, I think I might be trying to get back on it soon.
I've been less busy now, so I think it can work out.
All right, guys, love you all.
We'll we'll chat later.
Bye bye.