I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Case Blackwell said that some yummy sauce I got it all over my proscedental big yum.
Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one. Let's do this. I'm Pepito.
Why hello everyone.
Ooh my hair is doing my favorite thing.
We're creating a strong side shelf here.
A nice pointy hair thing.
Uh oh, and reality is breaking down.
We're off to the usual start. One second.
Yep, now reality is back intact.
Good to see everybody.
As usual I've seen myself in the mirror for the first time by turning on this stream.
MSG propaganda. Don Johnson, Apple DApple, Greg T.U.
Shaggy175, good to see everybody.
I was not able to stream yesterday despite some vague promises to do so because a little work came in.
But that does mean the sub goal that I'm seeing on screen, I think we're doing it Thursday.
No wait, I can't do it Thursday.
We might have to do it Tuesday. Maybe tomorrow. Either tomorrow or this weekend.
So today if there's any games you really want to see, Chris, not me try, let me know.
It happens from time to time in this country. I assume you mean getting work?
And yes, it only happens from time to time. Unfortunately.
Good to see Alive and Sleazy, doofus knife.
Reality is always breaking down just a little bit. Just trying to stay on trend.
Subreechi! The master mods are here! There's even a brief appearance from Totally Tim.
Who also is a mod. Secretly.
Looks like we will be going amongst the web. We've got so much in store.
Probably depending on what's requested. We've got a huge show for you today.
I should start saying that. Isn't that what I'm supposed to say?
I just don't know what the show is usually. Pablo, good to see ya.
I guess, um, it's Monday. So there's probably news. There's gotta be some weekend news I missed.
Let's just hop into it. It's news time, everybody.
It's still here to drive in the truth.
It's Friday? No, it's Monday. Ah shit!
Well, happy fuck you day then.
Do people care that much about the weekend?
Normal people who keep an actual schedule you psycho.
A lot of people work on the weekend. Some people don't work on Mondays.
I think that's only you. I'm- we're working right now. You're working.
To me, I'm at the playground. You know? This playground sucks.
There is no slide. That could change. When? I don't know.
Monday is the Friday of Tuesdays. Oh my god. I've never thought of it that way.
Too bad Tuesday also can eat my ass. What's wrong with you today? What happened?
I just had a rough weekend. In that it's over, baby, and I was living for it.
Woo! I go nuts on the weekend. What do you do on the weekend?
Well, I watch some TV. A lot, though.
Mondays hated by most, including fat orange snarky cat.
The Chester Cheeto? Chester the- Chester Cheeto?
The Chester Cheeto? Garfield. Hmm. Heathcliff is a punk.
He's sort of the punk rock Garfield.
Can we just talk about some news? Why are you always cutting off my important thoughts about Heathcliff?
Garfield. And weekends!
This is what the news is. Just two guys having a banter.
About cool stuff? Don't mimic my hand gestures.
You hit me, you son of a bitch!
Sorry, I thought that didn't realize- AHHHHH! I'm actually fine. See?
That's the power of reaction.
Can you just please say any news? Nope.
What if I'm going on strike?
What do you want? Not more money.
A little RESPEC. U.M.
Respect come? I made you say come.
Is there any news? I guess.
Deep seek.
AI is- is still a thing.
No, this is Chinese AI. That puts the other AI to shame.
And it's leading to massive stock sell-offs.
So maybe the great AI reckoning is upon us from one of my favorite sources.
China.
More Chinese propaganda from case. It really just doesn't stop, does it?
No.
No, more Chinese propaganda all the time from this channel.
That's what I'm here for.
U.S. stocks tumble as investors worry about deep seek.
And you're happy about this? These hard-working stocks?
I'm not- It's probably bad if-
These stocks I'll tank at once, because a lot of our economy is unfortunately-
A lot of our economic growth is unfortunately invested in this.
Which I do think is bad.
But I don't really know what there is to do about it.
The photo illustration shown the DeepSeek app on mobile phone in Beijing.
Then that's-
Breaking down this photo.
And would you believe that an AI probably wrote that description?
This photo illustration shows the DeepSeek app on mobile phone in Beijing.
U.S. tech stocks plunged on Monday amid a wider market sell-off, the culprit DeepSeek.
A Chinese artificial intelligence company that last week introduced a new and low-cost model into the red-hot AI tech market.
But what happens if they put a hot poker of new tech in there and it poops the bubble pops poops the bubble?
That might be what's happening, although maybe not. It's hard to say.
Heath Cliff did have a hotter girlfriend.
Well, now I need to see this.
Heath Cliff girlfriend.
I thought he was- I thought he was going solo.
I thought it was a stag party for- What the hell?
Am I allowed to show this?
How horny is Heath Cliff's girlfriend? Depends on the version, apparently.
Look at this. What's going on here? Is that her?
Cleo? He's got multiple girlfriends? Cleo, Sanja, Roxy?
How many ladies was Heath Cliff?
What a dirty dog.
I'm feeling a little Heath Cliff today.
You know? You like these cartoon cats more than I expected.
Anybody would look at- look at Heath- look at her.
Let's go. She's wearing just the ankle biters, baby.
Oh, God, that's not their name. Inkle biters?
Kendall, look at Heath Cliff's hot sexy girlfriend.
Did you know Heath Cliff had such a babe of a girlfriend?
Yeah, my thoughts exactly. Look at this one.
I feel like I can't even show this.
It's so hot. Also speaking of hot, my beautiful Filipino son is here.
Oi.
That's what he's- he's in a pirate phase right now.
What? What? What did you just say? Oi? What are you talking about?
Oh, maybe it's just a pretty- Oi? Who says Oi as hi?
Oh, why? Oi.
Oi. I guess it's slaying. I can't keep up with what these kids are doing.
I don't think that's a kid's slaying. Apparently it is.
A real Mack Caddy. Heath Cliff.
Doop, doop, doop, doop. Is that the theme song? What's the Heath Cliff theme song?
Can we- I thought we were talking about actual news.
Incorrect. I would like to personally know what the Heath Cliff theme song sounds like.
Because there has to be one, right?
Heath Cliff theme song. You know?
Um, I guess. Get ready for this shit.
That's it! I knew it was a banger.
Uh-oh. Some rivals for the affections of these ladies appeared.
Wait, I'm dancing- Look at her! What the hell?
What were they doing in that tube?
Was it banging around just because they were falling?
Oh, and now he's dead.
Who's a minute 10 second theme song? I miss that.
When the Aristocats were a Heath Cliff? Yeah.
It keeps going!
What the hell? He's so strong.
Just so similar.
The Aristocats? Yeah, and Heath Cliff.
Well, first off, I better look at the Aristocats theme song.
There is no theme song.
And that's where you're wrong.
Which pets possess the longest pet degree?
Which pets get too slim-
Okay, she's right. It doesn't really have a theme song, but it does have this.
Let me elucidate you.
You think this? This looks a little-
They keep looking at the cats.
The sibling cats.
That's one of them? That's not-
Look! Look at that!
And then look at the daughter of the-
Well, now who's got the hot cat?
That one's a little more cat-cat though.
Oh, he's trying to clock her.
I can see.
It's been quite a while.
Somebody already fucked with his baby cat.
Look at his baby cat. That looks like the other cat.
Everybody wants to be a cat.
More?
Go me the daughter who misogynists pieces of shit.
Maybe this isn't her song.
There's another hot cat.
Look at her!
Are you telling me she doesn't look like the other cat if he's left?
Well, they're both lady cats with little bows.
And a little hair-tuff thing.
I agree. I think they look similar.
Well, I'm saying there's only so many ways to draw a lady cat in a cartoon.
You're being reductive.
There's so many ways to draw lady cats, Jeff.
Filipino son, what do you think?
He doesn't even care. He's too cool. He's honestly too cool.
You're saying Kendall is racist?
Kendall?
Why?
Sorry, the poll was in.
Why?
And to think I was going to quit my job
and become a stay-at-home girlfriend slash streamer for you guys.
Be called racist?
The poll is why is Kendall racist?
You guys could have had a dream.
She keeps telling me she's going to become a stay-at-home girlfriend.
I support it, but I don't quite know what that means.
I do the cooking and the cleaning and the scooping of the cat's poopin.
And the streaming and some freelance stuff.
I don't know if it's exactly like stay-at-home life.
Kendall, this is your new performance review and it's why are you racist?
Attitude problem.
Most women are. She's mean because she's hungry.
Because she's hungry would be the number one reason she would become racist.
Because that could lead to any sort of mood.
Because most women are racist is the argument here.
I don't know. I guess my chat's convinced that most women are racist.
Because she's hungry is not running away with it.
I do think that's the one that deserves to win.
You guys could have had a streaming couple. It's over now.
It's fucking over now.
You need to have your own stream so they're loyal to you.
And then they can tell you why I'm racist.
And there's at least one really good reason.
That's assuming I'm going to have polls on my streaming.
I was going to just give you all of my...
Your assets are like changed to mine.
Yeah, just teamed around you.
Just make sure... Yeah, she's like a...
She's like a gremlin except you need to feed her at all times before midnight.
Or you don't know what will happen.
No, I don't eat past 10.
That's why I'm saying you need... Okay, fine. Before 10 p.m.
Yeah.
Heathcliff, Heathcliff.
Now it's in everybody's head.
Look, even my Filipino son is dancing to it.
You don't have to call your son that every time.
I'm just respecting his culture and also he's just so handsome.
Oh, we did have a streaming couple but Fiona got a job.
Yeah, but what if we go in the other direction?
Both Kendall and I don't have jobs and we just stream all the time.
Anyway, I'm going to make you...
It's a possibility.
I'm going to make you...
As anybody who's seen Call Cast Knows,
I love nothing more than making tons of stream assets
for a stream that may or may not ever happen.
So let's do that for you next.
It's my hobby.
Kendall eats the midnight.
Kendall eats time.
It's a good power.
That's a pretty good power.
Pam, well, are there any other cat shows to watch?
No?
No, that's it.
Bye.
Bye.
My Filipino son laughed.
I'm just thinking about Heathcliff.
You are into cat women.
Maybe those cat women.
Not the baby cat.
Not this cat too young.
But the adult sexy cats.
What makes an adult sexy cat?
Whoever draws Heathcliff makes them.
Alright, what were we talking about?
Deepseek the Chinese AI that's changing the whole game?
Nah.
We were.
No.
Certain creamies have been buying subs for Kendall,
so we are ready for her to stream.
I'm ready to make it happen.
You know, maybe I could even do a stream where I just show myself making all of Kendall's stream assets.
We can peel back the curtain.
No.
Okay, fine.
I won't do that.
But I will make all the assets.
I just, you know, I'm supposed to only allocate so much time to streaming per week in my head.
So do I count me making all of Kendall's stuff in that time?
No, this is pro bono stream work.
Damn.
Anyway, we're trying to talk about Deepseek.
Since I've always said that Deepseek on Monday morning became the most downloaded free app on Apple's US App Store.
OpenAI's chat GPT.
Outstanding OpenAI's chat GPT in the process.
But it's Chinese.
I thought we didn't allow that.
Good luck stopping every Chinese app.
BTF stream is not a bad idea.
Well, I said it was.
Yeah, but what if it's not?
But I said it was.
It could be pretty boring.
It could be pretty boring or to a very select type of psycho, a.k.a. me and a few others, could be interesting.
We'll think about it.
Okay.
Well, Kendall have a staff.
I'll have to ask her.
Do you mean like a staff of workers or like a wizard staff?
Because the second one would be a lot easier.
Not a real wizard staff.
It took Gandalf two seasons of a pretty mediocre show to find one.
Then you find it at the end of the first season.
And that's my point.
I can't remember.
Anyway, we're trying to talk about Deepseek.
Oh my gosh.
We are, but now I almost don't want to.
And you and me, not both.
I'm talking about it.
Shares of Nvidia, the chip company whose AI technology has made it out of the world's most valuable companies.
Sorry, one of the world's.
Dropped more than 13% by morning Monday.
Rival chip companies including ARM and Broadcom were going amongst the web speaking of the internet.
This is an internet.
This is AI.
What's the difference?
They're the same thing.
Rival chip companies including ARM and Broadcom also plunged dragging down the major indexes.
The tech heavy NASDAQ fell almost 600 points or nearly 3% by late morning.
And you're happy about that?
I mean, I actually have some stocks, so I shouldn't be.
But I'm not happy about our economy being tied to AI.
In my opinion, currently a thing that's destined to sink terribly in value because it doesn't have consumer applications that are particularly appealing yet.
That how come China's is so valuable?
It is valuable.
I think China actually did the right thing here.
They released it as an open source model.
Because to me, AI is still in and has been in for a while a state where it's more like a building block to something that eventually could be really valuable.
Which is why I'm assuming everybody's dumping so much money into it.
But I'm trying to convince themselves that it's already a market ready product when it's not.
And I'm trying to convince myself to keep listening to you.
But it's so hard when it's a...
But now investors are calling these pricey investments into question.
AI is a glorified search engine. That's how it feels to me.
Or a glorified plastic woman generator.
Plastic woman generator?
It does that. That's valuable.
Like images of kind of plastic looking women standing in front of bro-cud backgrounds.
It's sounding appealing to me.
At least investors will soon get to grill big tech companies about deep-seek and their own products.
It's sounding appealing to me.
At least investors will soon get to grill big tech companies about deep-seek and their overall AI strategies.
Four of what are often dubbed the magnificent seven tech stocks.
Meta, Apple, Microsoft, and Tesla are due to report quarterlies this week.
So would that... would this week show up in the quarterlies?
I'm actually not sure.
I don't know how that... I think something like happened right before...
The reporting of like a quarterly would be included in the next quarterly.
But they might get questions about it because usually there's like a press...
There's press involvement when it's a big company reporting that kind of thing.
And I'm once again going to take a nap.
You asked.
I'm convinced the thing that will lead to mass adoption of AI is AI girlfriends.
Character AI went down the top down one time and read it through a hissy fit
because they couldn't talk to their waifus.
For a very select market, I think AI girlfriends are already here and popular.
I guess I don't know how omnipresent that is.
I do still feel like most people it's just too janky.
If you want it to be like McDonald's, the McDonald's of AI,
you need way better AI girlfriends.
They need to be able to... you need AI girlfriends that can actually fuck you.
Or at least ones that are like...
You need like a hot lady that walks around a room and talks to you
and it doesn't look super fake or at least close to not fake.
You need like an AI cam model that's believable and personalized.
And it can't sound like chat GPT.
So maybe there are those already exists and I'm way off base, but...
My guess is they don't already exist.
Yeah, you got to cross that on Canary Valley.
And they need to like...
Ideally they need to seem kind of bored and not that in-depth.
So it seems more real.
No, you want them invested. No, you want to really have to earn it by spending money.
I'm assuming if people like current cam models,
or omnifans models, which I think money would suggest they do,
then you need ones that you know you don't really have a chance of it.
I think that until you manage to do that, I just don't think they're that realistic.
Okay, that adds up.
Don't forget the chatterbait models.
That's camming though, right? Isn't that well, like you don't know?
Well, I can't remember if chatterbait is the thing where it's like a roulette
of people you masturbate with, or if that's a camming site.
We need Blade Runner 2049, Anadayarmus.
That's got to be the end goal, right?
Because everybody would buy an Anadayarmus if they could.
That doesn't sound great.
No, but it's a dumb computer that fucks you.
So it's not slavery.
I think in that movie, the point is that it still kind of was.
But not quite, which makes it sexy.
Is DeepSeq something we can use currently?
Just on a website?
DeepSeq.com.
Free access to DeepSeq.
Experience the intelligent model.
You've got to sign up.
Well, you will just give them your Google information.
They already have it from when you were in China probably.
Ideally, yeah.
I need to know what my social credit score is, and so I can get it up.
My credit score.
Oh, it looks like you can use it.
All right, let's do the important work.
Write me a parody song of the theme to the cartoon Heathcliff.
Make it about how Heathcliff is an Heathcliff the cat is a lot like Jeff Ripple,
the world's greatest news man and a hot daddy.
All right.
I don't think this is following it exactly.
It's pretty long though.
Heathcliff Heathcliff the coolest cat in town.
But have you met Jeff Ripple?
He's the king of news around.
He's got the charm of the smarts of style and yet he's super fine.
Jeff Ripple is on the scene and he's blowing up your mind.
You know what?
So far, I think this is better than chat GPT.
Based on our one test so far, this is pretty impressive.
Heathcliff's got the swagger, but just got the flair with a mic in his hand and that perfect air.
How did it even know?
They're watching case.
I'm glad to get that Chinese visa.
They probably gave all my information to all of their AIs because how else would they know I have perfect hair?
He's breaking all the stories.
He's the news man's Root Newsroom's MVP.
Jeff Ripple's the hottest daddy of journalism you see kind of forcing the rhyme there.
Well, you know, but still so far better than whatever chat GPT poops up.
Heathcliff's on the keeps clips out there causing chaos running through the night.
But Jeff's on the anchor desk keeping it tight.
I don't like how they're disparaging Heathcliff.
Really, I wanted us to be more of a one to one.
Like I am Heathcliff.
You just want to be Heathcliff.
Well, I feel like I've been clear about that the whole time.
He's got the scoops, the facts, the truth and a smile that's so sweet.
Jeff Ripple is the world's greatest newsman.
Can't be beat.
All right, it's becoming more of the usual drivel.
When it hits the level where I feel like I could be probably improvising this as a train,
then I think it loses me a little bit.
So move aside, Heathcliff.
There's a new star in town.
Jeff Ripple's got the headlines and the looks to bring it down.
He's the hot daddy of the news.
The man of every dream.
Jeff Ripple's the superstar of the journalism scene.
Jeff Ripple, Jeff Ripple, the world's greatest newsman.
And this will be my out for the day.
Jeff Ripple, Jeff Ripple, the hottest daddy in the land.
See you soon.
Show that to the investors so the market can bounce back.
Finally, this show can really be working for the greater good of the nation by propping up our economy with Jeff's Heathcliff parody.
That did honestly, I'm surprised at it.
Surprised at it.
Well, I guess I said he was hot.
I'm just surprised it mentioned the hair.
Although I guess news guys and hair are kind of linked.
Would it have matched the meter of the original Heathcliff song?
I don't think I said Heathcliff enough.
Heathcliff, Heathcliff.
Number one.
We could find out, but I just don't think it's worth it.
Well, let's do a little how to because it's been requested.
So I haven't checked sometimes bin bugs.
Everything working.
Chat full call for an expert.
What if I enable all these?
So I'm just trying to see if, okay, cool.
Everything is.
Everything will be working eventually.
Okay.
Let's send it to a how to.
Our favorite how to or Jeb is standing by.
So I'm assuming teach us something.
We're also going to the movies today.
So brace yourself for movie time.
But for now, it's time to learn how to with Jeb Nagas.
Oh, hi.
Hey everybody.
Just taking a little nap.
Just sort of gently resting my eyes just a little bit.
Your eyes were fully open.
Me jump in on it.
And there's my daddy's trapped in the wood because he's dead.
Oh, whoa.
Come on.
Don't say it like that.
Yeah, but you're done.
You're trapped in the wood.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, man.
Yep.
Jeb's dad on Tinder would would would would would would would would.
That probably would be your Tinder profile because you don't even have a profile because
you're two dimensional.
You're in the wood.
No, I've there's some depth to this wood.
There's a little bit of depth to it.
Yeah, but you're kind of, no, I'm in it.
Smush down to the depth of the wood, but there's depth.
And there's great depth to my soul, apparently, because it refuses to be extinguished.
I wish it would so I could get out of the wood.
Yeah, but you can't.
You can't.
You never will.
Let's find out how to do some stuff today.
I'm excited to learn.
We've been learning a lot of great stuff lately.
How to kiss.
Having a more macho voice.
I'm speaking from my from my mask lately.
If I sound nasal, I'm working on it.
Although I was also told to use your natural speaking voice and I'm attempting to do that.
It doesn't make me burp sometimes.
Why?
I don't know.
Trying to speak right makes my throat hurt and it makes me burp.
Stop this.
Hmm.
Okay, let's continue.
We've got sort of a male grooming theme through a lot of these videos.
I hope you're not trying to tell me something, Chad.
They're not.
They're not.
They could be.
No.
But anyway, this is how to pose for bodybuilding.
Oh, you know what?
They're trying to send me a different message and that's that they want to see these muscles in action.
So let's see what we got.
My name is Skip LaCour.
Whoa.
I am a six-time national champion drug-free bodybuilder.
Whoa.
I want to improve your bodybuilding and training efforts by visiting my websites.
SkipLaCour.com.
SkipLaCour.
ManFormation.com.
MassMachineNutrition.com.
It's got a body like jet.
I'm going to talk to you about bodybuilding.
Posing is a very important part of the bodybuilding and training process and the competition process.
He did skip LaCour.
Look at that thing.
Great point, Greenerson.
And all of your dedication to your eating habits.
Posing is the presentation to the judges that will show off all of what you've done in the contest preparation period.
Kind of like T-Rex arms, though.
Like crazy.
Here are the mandatory poses.
You kind of have T-Rex arms?
That each competitor will have to do for the judges.
Front double bicep.
Whoa.
Front lat spread.
Oh.
Side chest.
He's saying it's so...
He's really putting his whole face into it.
Tricep.
Side tricep.
Rear double bicep.
Rear lat spread.
Abdominal and thigh.
And thigh.
And the most muscular pose.
What the heck?
Look at this guy.
Looks like the American psycho.
So you're willing to practice those when you enter a bodybuilding contest.
Now every show is divided to two different parts.
The mandatory's are in one part.
The ones that I described.
And then you do a routine when you come in the top five in your contest.
But he didn't tell me how.
Where you can choose your own music and come up with your own posing routine.
And during that posing routine,
I'll run it back.
Each competitor will have to do for the judges.
I'll do them as he says them.
Front double bicep.
Front lat spread.
Side chest.
Side tricep.
Side tricep.
Side tricep.
Rear double bicep.
Rear lat spread.
Back.
If you're behind me, you can see it.
Abdominal and thigh.
And thigh.
And the most muscular pose.
Everyone needs to do those poses.
So you really need to practice those when you enter a bodybuilding contest.
Now every show is divided to two different parts.
I felt my intestines break through my abdominal just a little bit on one of those.
So.
I might have a little bit of a hernia now.
Oops.
I'll walk it off.
I don't think you can walk that off.
Definitely.
Definitely a little intestine squeaking out of that.
Squeaking out of that stomach area.
Blasting through that stomach area.
And then you can walk that off.
Squeaking out of that stomach area.
Blasting through that abdominal wall.
I flexed my abs too hard.
Maybe we should go to the hospital.
I'll walk it off.
You're sitting though.
Yeah, well I'll sit it off.
The show must go on.
How do I get my girlfriend to dress better and care about her appearance?
Well, how do I get and then take out my, and I would need this one a little bit more.
How do I get girlfriend?
I'm asking.
Just to do a lot of stuff differently.
Oh, thanks dad, very helpful.
Okay, well let's see.
I've asked Jack and he's told me I can't do it.
Okay, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
There's a full-star worst thing going on here.
Ahem, sorry everybody.
How do I get my girlfriend to dress better?
When I first met my girlfriend four months ago, she was looked at amazing and made and
bigger for her appearance every time I saw her.
She dressed sexier, classy and always took time to shoot.
Now she seems to have a given up and has become lazy about it all.
She dresses in clothes that are dowy.
I am finding myself losing initial attraction.
I need more effort and stuff.
I always look great for her and haven't changed it despite the actions of my Ron to be annoyed.
This is who she really is.
Thank you.
I think I got most of it.
Hey everyone.
Welcome back to Dears Cyber Sue.
Today's topic is actually one that I kind of wanted to do for a while.
It was actually a guy who wrote in and-
I should get shot from this angle all the time.
This is a cool way to chat.
You can see both the feet.
You can see the full legs.
Maybe I should change my camera shot just a little bit.
No.
Let's keep watching.
Oh sorry.
I am distracting from the video.
His name is Neil.
And Neil wants to know how he can get his girlfriend to step up her wardrobe.
She's pretty far from the back of the bench.
When he first met her he said she dressed okay and it was he found it kind of sexy.
But he says she's really slipped back now and she's wearing really boring clothes and he
finds that he's not kind of turned on by her.
Now I know-
Well we've read the intro obviously.
Probably to a lot of people listening to this because it's like what the clothes are everything.
But it really is really imperative that you keep it sexy when you're in a relationship
especially in a relationship.
And it does case does man.
Because you want that person to be attracted to you.
Yeah how do we do it?
If you slack off all the time your partner's going to lose interest in you.
They're going to think you don't care about them.
So if somebody really doesn't know how to dress in the beginning that's different.
If they're changing their style while you're with them and you're-
Well you think it's a trips part?
I really don't agree with this.
I think if you want to keep your relationship fresh and keep people interested you've
always got to spice things up a little bit.
Okay how?
That goes for sexy clothes, that goes for hair, that goes for just your attitude.
All sorts of things you want to keep it fresh.
There's nothing wrong with purchasing a few little items that you find sexy that
they might want to wear.
Sometimes people just don't have a clue what looks good and what to do.
So we're going on the streets today too.
In Il's case I would suggest that you tell her that you liked it better when she wore
certain things.
Ask her to wear the red dress that you saw her wearing the first couple of times you
met her.
Buyers a few sexy things and just say I really like it if she's-
But she's the one.
If she really gets lazy and she's walking around in the velour baggy old sweat pants
all the time then she's giving up.
And that's not good for anybody's relationship.
So I would suggest regardless of what stage you're in your relationship keep yourself
looking good and make an effort.
But that's how they met you.
Why would you change who you are?
I don't know it's her.
Just to be lazy.
It's her that we've got to change.
You want to keep them interested?
At me.
You don't want them to come back home to your bed?
Are you trying to send them to somebody else's?
Think about it.
Dear Cyber Sue.
How do I manipulate her mind?
I'm already wearing the finest silks.
I've already taken her to the coolest discos and yet she still dresses like a college frat
fart.
What?
I don't know she looks like shit.
I'm trying to advocate for the guy that asked this question.
I don't feel like she answered it.
Not at all.
She just said you do more.
Well that's relief.
You can't try to fully control your partner.
You can just you know live your life as best as you can and if you're making the right
choices hope it you know rubs off.
Then you can rub off.
Talking about tricking off in front of your partner.
Why?
You know I think about these things because I'm in the wood.
Stop it.
I'm just trying.
There's nothing to do with dressing better.
Depends.
Maybe it inspires her because you're wearing a tuxedo.
You enter the room in a tuxedo, penis out and you just start slowly at first.
What's this guy doing?
I can't seem to get him back in my tuxedo pants.
I'm trying.
But the more I try the more he sticks out.
Now she's noticing how well dressed you are.
I doubt that's her focus.
No.
Now she's noticing.
And she's thinking maybe I should dress better.
Because this guy looks incredible.
You know what else looks incredible?
That thing he's trying to jam back in those tuxedo pants.
What the fuck?
Well look I can't write penthouse letters anymore.
Because I'm in the wood.
You are in the wood.
Oh my god I'm in the wood.
Yes.
Man you are extra reverberating today.
Yeah.
I feel better.
No we didn't learn a thing.
Alright.
I want to say I love you.
First try the I love you test.
We might have to get Kendall back in here.
Let's see if this works.
You're in love with Kendall?
Greetings lovers.
I mean obviously a little bit.
I don't think I have a chance but obviously a little bit.
You're backing up all the wrong trees.
Well there's only a couple trees near me.
Alright let's see how to do it.
Greetings lovers.
Evan Michaels here from during talktipsandguystell.com.
Today I just wanted to bring you a quick video called the I Love You Test.
Now when you're in a relationship for a while you want to express how you feel to the other
person and it's really great time in your relationship when you can tell them that you
love them.
However if you don't hear it in return it can be a devastating experience.
True.
So a way that you can avoid that is you can do the old I'm falling in love with you.
Now I know it's really cheesy and you see it in movies all the time and I know
those reality shows that they've been together for two weeks and they never tell each
other that they love each other.
But they use the old I'm falling in love with you and it's actually a pretty clever way
What?
To really gauge how far in your relationship you are.
So if you know if you're getting close to that time where you want to share with somebody
that you love them try busting out a I think I'm falling in love with you line and see
how they respond.
But that's just giving up the game.
If they say I think I'm falling in love with you too then you're in the clear.
Maybe in the next week or soon you can drop the love bomb on them.
Or if they kind of say yeah that's great I'm really glad thank you so much then you know
it might take a little bit more time.
So many ads over his face.
Hopefully you enjoy that tip.
Stay tuned for more.
Thanks for watching.
So his tip is basically just to admit that you're in love with them.
No you're falling in love with them.
You're not going to try this.
I was going to make Kendall uncomfortable.
You know I'm only a little bit in love with her.
She's a woman and she's near me.
That's a low bar.
Yeah I am a low bar.
I am the lowest bar.
I've accepted that.
Well you got to give it a shot then.
You've got to shoot your shots young man.
I don't know if I should take your advice or just tell me to masturbate in a tuxedo.
Well and have you tried it yet?
No I'm not dating Kendall.
Casey's dating Kendall.
I'm not.
I don't think I have a shot but you know I guess you got to shoot your shots anyway.
Jeb that's Casey's girlfriend.
Yeah.
See in this in this house in the Noggett house.
You don't let titles stop us.
That's true your mother was married when I met her at that Chuck E Cheese.
What?
Yeah.
But her first husband was very sick.
I've never heard this.
Oh we don't talk about him.
Because I replaced him in her mind.
Love is a multi faceted game.
You got to learn how to play baby.
I feel like there's certain things I don't.
I could stand a never no dad.
That or the tuxedo thing.
If I had to pick one I guess the second one.
Okay I'll give you more masturbation tips then.
No maybe don't do either.
You got to tell Kendall see if she's busy.
Oh man.
Okay we'll give this a shot.
Hey Kendall are you busy?
Can I try a thing?
Can I try a thing for my stream with you?
Take a minute.
Okay I think she's coming.
I got to build up the confidence.
Just I just have to do it while you're here.
Anyway I'm Jeb Nogget.
You know me.
Why do I feel like repels?
The crazy thing is I think I'm falling in love with you.
Who am I?
You're Kendall.
Oh wow okay.
Anyway just because repels I thought I'd share that.
I don't know if we've ever actually been in a room together.
We've been here a few times I remember everyone.
We cook together we've met many times.
Are you proposing?
No I just thought I'd share that.
Oh you're not even proposing anything.
Well I just want to-
This is just you a confession of your feeling?
Well it's just as a pal I was like this is crazy I think I'm falling in love with you
so I just thought I'd see.
I thought I'd tell you that because it's fun to share how you're feeling.
Okay well as a friend.
That's so nice of you to say that.
To share that.
Cool.
Yeah no as pales I think it's good to- anyway that's just so I'll share another
fun fact next time.
So that's all I just-
Oh that was just a fun fact for your viewers?
I just thought boy I feel this way it'd be good to tell my friend how I feel and that
doesn't have to change our friendship at all so that's cool.
A feeling a bit used just by you needing to take something off your chest and I-
Oh that's so my bad I just thought I'll share this.
I did it wrong.
I think they didn't consent to what this conversation was.
Yes that's fair that's totally I apologize.
I take my I can't take my feelings back but just know they're buried so deep they don't
exist and I won't bother you with them again.
Something like that just can't be taken back because it's already entered my ears.
Sorry about that.
Yes I'll give you money to make up for it.
Okay yeah yeah yeah.
I'll give you $500.
I'll give you $500.
Cool.
Cool.
I would love to hang out more.
Cool awesome.
Oh wow oh okay cool yeah I'll get it.
Okay cool.
I have your Venmo because I paid you for all your previous appearances.
Do you need to like confess anything else or?
Just that I was falling that was the old that was the big one.
Okay.
And you look great.
You don't need to dress better.
Sorry I like didn't need that you know like it's I thought we were just talking
about feelings but now I feel like we're talking about like my physical form and
that's also something I didn't consent to.
Oh we were watching a video on how to dress better and I was just saying you
don't need to but that's you're right.
Yeah but I never needed your opinion.
$200 for that?
Yeah thanks okay it's so great.
That would be I love this I love this.
Cool $700 and your Venmo's still the same.
It is yeah.
Okay great I'll yep I'll I don't have my phone in front of me but I will do it
as soon as this is over.
I'm just gonna head out.
Yeah you can request feel free to request it too.
I hope whatever you need to do works so.
Thanks.
Thank you.
Yeah.
That was that was it that's yeah you were great thank you for that for.
Okay stick.
Thank you.
All right.
Yeah that went pretty well.
Holy shit.
What?
They were right.
I was so nervous but the whole time I was like I can't believe this
is going this well.
Oh I feel I feel like I could do not anything but I feel like there's
a lot of things I could do in this world now.
That is a huge increase for me.
I feel like I could do some things.
That went as bad as it could go without her getting like furious.
I guess we weren't in the same room.
That's technically true because I'm somewhere else.
Yeah you're in the wood.
Oh you lost seven oh fuck yeah I am in the wood.
Yes well you lost $700 so who's in the wood really.
You she didn't beat me up she didn't spit on me.
She didn't call the police.
You think you don't even know how bad that could have gone.
You don't even know daddy.
I've had it could go so much worse.
And that went fine.
All I lost was $700.
I'd say I gained $700 worth of not getting the cops called on me.
I feel like the richest man on the planet.
Boy how did I raise two sons that are so different.
I ask myself that all the time because we both have different.
We both have unique strengths and weaknesses.
But one of you has unique strengths for sure.
Yeah there's another son there's Jet.
Well there's the son and then there's this son.
Daddy could you at least hide it a little bit?
Could you at least hide the favorite game a little bit?
I'm trying to.
I'm trying.
It's me trying 100% to hide it.
Yeah okay great.
Jet.
Jet.
I'm sure he would already be married to Kendall.
That's all the time we have actually.
No one's gonna steal my shine today.
I think that went pretty well.
I think we learned a lot.
I think there was some good advice.
I think I'm gonna not try the tuxedo thing.
But that was there too.
And thank you for being here too.
Because you're never too old to learn new tricks.
Jet.
He just has a bit of a voice.
It sounds like Jet.
But Jet's brother is Jet.
Although you would not be able to tell if you met them both.
You'd be like oh two strangers meeting.
And then you'd be like they're related.
That's impossible.
And maybe I still kind of believe it is.
Because Jet's great.
Jet's just so great.
Did I miss ATW?
Did not.
It's coming up right after a brief news.
We're trying to hit more.
It's a goal to hit a little more news lately.
So we'll talk a little more news.
Some more vegetables before really buttery vegetables.
Is how I look at it at least.
Pepino any thing I'm supposed to be doing that I'm not?
You're my producer so let me know.
I have fucking no idea what you're doing or what.
Anything I don't know what's happening.
So no.
Oh okay so my schedule's clear.
I don't.
What's the schedule?
But it's clear.
Yeah you're good.
Okay.
Justin Powers.
Or Craig.
Oh my god Craig.
Either one is fine by me.
Let's do a little quick news and we'll get to amongst the web.
It's news again.
Why not?
Okay.
Someone used my emote so I showed up.
Oh that's why.
Careful.
You drop those Ricky notes I get excited.
Aw man.
You're not happy to see me?
What are we talking about?
Probably something fun.
Probably like the Trump cabinet confirmations.
I wish you were chatting.
We could just talk about a dick.
We'll get there.
But you know don't we want to follow up?
We talked about this previously.
The shitty people are getting confirmed.
What more is there to say?
A bunch of words according to the news.
So maybe we can find a video.
Because our boy Pete Hagsayeth, he's our secretary of defense now.
He got confirmed.
The drunk female abuser according to both his wife and his mother.
Ex-wife.
Ex-wife.
And once they're your ex-wife, nothing they say you can be held legally liable for.
That's not true.
Well, but maybe he'll make that true.
Because he's like in charge of the world's most powerful army.
So what he says goes.
Cabinet picks are dicks actually.
That pans out it turns out.
Pete Hagseth, watch Pete Hagseth sworn in as secretary of defense.
Oh God.
Damn this is a lot of people.
This is just two guys together that you'll love to see.
It's Pete Hagseth and someone you might recognize.
Oh yeah, it's Pete Hagseth in case.
And I want to say I'm glad that you're here.
It's good that you nominated this guy and we're grateful to President Trump for doing so.
I apparently were grateful to get used to that gratitude.
I also want to say thank you to my Senate colleagues.
It turns out we couldn't spare one.
And all of you did an incredible job in particular.
That's his guy up here.
It's like he's-
And it is all the members of the Senator Services Committee who I know gave Pete the
vetting and the hearing that he deserved and I'm glad that we all-
Look how natural his hand placement is.
This is the body language of a guy who definitely isn't desperately trying to keep his hands
from shaking.
Those hands are delirium trem less.
I'll give him the benefit of the doubt and say that he probably had a drink before this
so you know he's good.
Okay now you're just being mean.
He decided that the president's nominee for secretary of defense ought to be our actual
secretary of defense and we're here today.
Let's say one final thing.
If you look at what has separated president Trump from so many of the people who came
before him.
It is the view that number one we should be sparing and how we deplore-
Deplore?
Our most precious resource which is the men and women who are willing to put on the
uniform and put their life on the line for this country.
We should send them everywhere.
He's waiting for the coast to finish.
But two, when we do send them anywhere-
Why are his hands just out like this?
Is he flexing?
...to fight and win quickly and come home afterwards.
Is he flexing right now?
And that is what sets this administration apart and that's what Pete
Hexeth represents.
If you're really turning this down, not that what he's saying is important.
If you're secretary of defense you have to flex all the time because you want to do
the Houdini style like stomach flex in case anyone punches you or you get, you
know, someone shoots a gun at you and it just ricochets off because you're flexing.
So he's just- that's part of the role and now he's doing it.
From your kids to the extended family you guys did a hell of a job.
He's really talking a lot.
Can you shut up?
...to have you in Washington as we work to make a very great-
Because you just will not shut the fuck up.
You're just talking to-
Isn't this supposed to be his confirmation?
Kids, come on up.
Whose kids?
Why are there so many kids?
Those can't all be kids.
Put your hand on the Bible, raise your right hand and-
Are those all his kids?
...to me.
I, Pete Hexeth.
I, Pete Hexeth.
...to solemnly swear-
There's so many more of him.
...that I support and defend the Constitution of the United States.
Against all enemies, foreign and domestic.
I'm kind of shocked.
Against all enemies, foreign and domestic.
That I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same.
Well, anyway.
Then he probably said some stuff.
You're not even gonna hear him out?
I bet he had some important things to say, like-
I'm gonna back up veterans by being one or something.
I'm the first veteran...
...ever.
And I've decided and he is now.
The first veteran?
He's the only veteran.
The first veteran.
Not the- he's the first-
He's first among veterans now.
That's- and any veteran would agree.
As one myself.
A veteran of what?
I've been two places where wars then happened.
So in some ways, I'm...
...the tip of the spear.
I go to a place and you'd be surprised how many times a war breaks out.
Sometimes just like a day after I was there.
His rank is literally first veteran.
There he is.
I'm not gonna lie.
I'm not gonna lie.
His rank is literally first veteran.
There you go.
Okay.
I mean, what else is there to say about this?
Mmm...
That it's good.
It's bad.
I thought this was a news station and I'm hearing a lot of opinions.
I don't even think what I'm saying is an opinion.
I think it's objectively really bad that this...
...like sexual assault machine and drunk
is in charge of the military and also X-Fox news host.
And allegedly according to
women that have been as close to him as anyone in his life.
We're all going to die.
No, don't worry.
The guns are still pointed mostly outward.
I'd say 90% of our guns are still killing...
...foreign people.
That's not good either.
But we're not aiming them at you yet.
So maybe...
...start smiling.
Heh...
There it is.
There's a smile we like to see.
Because we'd hate to see what happens if you stop smiling.
Yeah.
Anyway, somebody else got confirmed.
I think.
If memory serves.
Me?
Yeah.
Marco Rubio.
He's been confirmed.
John Ratcliffe.
He's the rat version of Heatcliffe.
John Ratcliffe is the CIA director.
And Kristi No made it.
Homeland Security Secretary.
I know him one thing.
That's that...
Democracy has spoken.
He does the rat stuff.
John Ratcliffe, the CIA director.
Yeah, it's like that billionaire guy
who thinks people's names
dictate what they do.
What's his name?
The guy whose wife got accused of plagiarism.
I can't remember his name.
But probably someone in chat will remember it eventually.
Although there's just too many billionaires
to keep track of.
See? Because the economy's doing so well.
No one's the one who shot her dog.
No one's the one who made a respectful decision
to divest
from irresponsible dog ownership.
She shot her fucking dog and essentially bragged about it.
She had no
option because the dog was
he's not that good of a dog.
What's she supposed to do?
Give somebody a dog that she knows
sucks? Abandon the dog?
No, just keep the dog alive.
What are these people?
Well,
Americans.
Every single one.
What if I told you every single one of these
is an American?
Yep, they're that.
And then there's some other things. There are other things too.
Anyway, some of these are not yet
confirmed as Americans.
So we're in the process of
really trying to hammer in on
which one of these are for sure American.
And if they are, then they're in.
That is the only qualification.
You just have to be an American.
Yeah, there is Hedgeman.
They are, he's picked, he's really
picked like a specifically Trump's
cabinet is insane
in the sense of how many people are affiliated
with sex crimes.
Like just a
like a sexual assault administration.
It is it is pretty wild.
But we've talked about it before.
And we gotta, we gotta
go to the, we got other stuff to do. We gotta go amongst
the web. Let's just do stuff that's a little more
pleasant than talking about these people.
Pete Hegseth.
I see, but you're trying to
pay to everybody with the Hegseth
brush who allegedly
likes grapes.
It doesn't, it's not any better
when you say grape.
Well, I'm just trying to make it
more palatable.
Just a tasty grape that we're making you all eat.
Okay, well,
that's all the time we have for this Rick.
Okay, well, I guess we're going to the Internet
or whatever because we weren't there already
and we are scared to talk about
these hardworking Americans
that are just trying to make the world
different. Different.
Different can be good.
So give them the chance
to make a difference.
Yeah, then
they'll change some stuff. You're gonna see.
Okay, well, let's go amongst the web
and directly, you know, you were here.
That's true. I'm often here.
More than I'd like to be,
but the news just keeps
happening and I got to come here to say
that it's good
and I was so fun to say that it's good to all of you.
So
don't even worry about it. We've got it
handled and you've seen it. You've seen it.
We're already starting to handle it and I can't wait for you to see us.
Handle it even more.
Bye-bye.
Thanks for being here, Craig.
I know that you mostly work security,
but I appreciate you taking the time.
We're gonna watch some video.
Watch a video.
Yeah.
Do you like to have a TikTok?
Do you ever watch
ever watch good old internet videos?
Yeah.
You're safe here.
I'm in security.
Yes, you're security.
Yeah, you keep me safe.
Watch a video.
Yeah.
I'm in security.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yes, that's the idea.
And we got some hot new submissions, so
hmm.
Oh my gosh.
You can submit your videos.
The cream.team
The cream.team
The cream.team
The cream.team
The Ben threads and then amongst the web.
The Ben threads and then amongst the web.
I don't drink.
He doesn't drink.
He's a teetotaler.
This is just how he sounds.
We have to be gentle.
He's easily spooked.
He'll be fine.
Okay, here's a very scared of roaches.
Okay, probably, but here's one.
Oh.
Oh, come on, gang.
Come on, man.
I wasn't even in your home.
This is uncalled for for real.
Come on, bro.
Hey.
Oh, my God.
Oh, that's an animal.
Yeah, that one was just kind of torturing an animal.
I think.
Yeah, they shoot him off.
They shoot him off with a firecracker.
It is a bug, so he's gross,
but I still don't love to see
a creature get tortured.
This is a big creature.
Scary man.
Well, you know,
that was super weird.
That one was a little strange.
That's from Super Raya,
Super Ray 14K.
Seems like we might be off to the races today.
Is this zero is bad?
Yes.
Yeah, zero means they didn't like that one.
I'll give it a zero.
Okay, you also give it a zero.
This is scary.
Sorry.
I appreciate all submissions.
See, I love zeros and tens evenly because they're all people sharing their videos,
so thank you for the video.
Though it was a zero and did
feature animal torture.
You're gonna do this.
Well, you gotta rate them.
Yep, that's we do rate them.
Let's see if we can bring it up from here.
I like that.
Have fun.
Yes, that was
some strong cosplay showing.
Did that like
um
Craig, are you okay?
Yeah, I'm okay.
I'm okay.
I'm okay.
Craig, are you okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
I'm getting more comfortable.
Okay.
If this is too much, I could go get
Austin Flowers or whatever his name is.
Austin Powell.
Yeah, I'm good.
I'm having a good time.
Okay, he's having a good time.
I like about
what I like about that was
they're not good.
The costumes are homemade.
Yeah, so
that was a sick.
Austin Powell.
Craig seems really sleepy. Did you get enough rest?
Yeah, I'm gonna sleep a lot.
Okay.
You know, you said you ran security for
Ben Affleck.
What was that like?
Any thoughts?
He's a guy.
He's a guy.
You go please.
Get that man a coffee, Anima.
Please.
Wait, is that a yes or no?
Okay, he's slightly open to the idea.
Your hands are
different than I expected.
This is more fire. This is more smoke.
This could be more fireworks. I don't know.
I see some smoke. Let's see if there's some fire.
Do you guys go for the baby?
Uh, no.
No, everything I ever see about
gender reveal parties makes me
think that we probably should just stop doing them.
I guess
probably most of them go fine, but
the ones that make the headlines
always seem to be a total fucking disaster.
At least it wasn't winter.
It was then
that I'm gonna wear big coats.
Yeah, they would have had big coats.
Really big coats.
Six.
That is the six.
Thanks. Thank you. That's accurate.
Okay.
Well, take it easy on the gender reveals.
You know, maybe just when the baby comes up,
you'll be like, oh yeah, that's what that is.
No, that's a way to do it for sure.
Okay, this is Michael Jackson.
Looks good.
He gets to open up one tree jar.
The Mrs. is gonna let me open up a jar.
This is from when you switched to a different yogurt.
So this one, I'm really expecting
something special.
Put the ref down or else I'm gonna go
go crazy.
Why is she making permanent pics our faces?
That's what we like to call them.
When it comes out, it's like a cocoa puff.
Or cuckoo like Scooby-Doo snacks.
It's like dog treats.
I like dog treats.
Okay. What is happening?
You want to do the honors? You open it and I'll smell it.
Slow. It's gonna go slow.
What is it, a fart?
I love you so much.
I love you so much.
Yes!
These are sort of videos you watched.
Here's the thing.
I don't look at these videos beforehand.
Eventually,
I might have to.
But for now, I don't.
Sometimes that's just what you get.
Can you go lower than zero?
I might introduce the negatives.
I might have to start introducing
negative one to ten.
And then make whole new graphics for that.
Because zero is
starting to feel like it's not
quite far enough down.
Negative one hundred.
However,
I'm not gonna say that.
However,
I do like the zero graphic.
And I'm not sure I can really make a
a better
null graphic than that.
But maybe we do it anyway.
Also though,
then if there's
there's gonna be a lot more low scores.
If people have the option of negative ten,
we're gonna be constantly getting like
a two is suddenly gonna be a pretty good score.
Two in one stream
is pretty rare.
Also though, I kind of do love the
I'm sort of a little masochist.
Yeah, I'm sort of a little masochist.
So I kind of like the worst videos.
I think that was an attempt at like
a sketch sort of like a
you know, I like I don't think they were being
he's doing a bit.
Just did I don't love I don't love the bit.
Also, I don't get the faces she was
making.
I'm worried she might always be
making those faces.
And not that I'm really one to give advice.
Please turn down the faces.
Turn down the faces 10%.
Maybe.
You don't like
the way you look at faces?
Okay.
She's been a cringe fluencer. Oh, is that her thing?
She just like makes cringe.
Well,
they got a lane baby.
She looks kind of familiar.
I think
I think there was like a chance
or she got shared in a video at g4
and then she knew
some other guests that we had
and I remember that coming up
like Joel Haberman
maybe whatever.
I'm reaching deep into my memory hole.
She's been named before I see it.
Okay. Well, hey,
they're still doing their thing.
I'm glad to see the continuity.
Hold your drink. Canadian things.
Oh, that was really quiet.
That one was pretty quiet.
That's not what it's for.
I do think it was better than the last video.
Honestly.
Oh, guys, I'm scrolling through the videos
that have been submitted
and I think we might be in for a bit of pain today.
Why didn't you just pick fun videos?
I mean, I'm having fun.
I just don't know if Chad's in for a good time
based on some of these thumbnails.
What do you mean?
I want to see a fun video.
Sometimes you don't get a fun video, Craig.
Stop it.
That's just so funny.
Craig, stop it.
Just stop it.
You can submit videos at the cream.team, Craig.
If you want fun videos.
Are we in cringe court?
I'm taking over cringe court.
Sorry, guys.
I saw the premise and...
Oh.
See, we're up.
We're moving up.
I will feel up.
I feel low.
Do you always feel that way?
No, usually I'm having a good time.
All right, well, let's see if we can change that with this video.
There's no sound.
There is no sound.
So, do you just have to go off the visual
to spread this fun?
What is this?
What are you making this watch?
Stop it.
Oh, wait. Chad likes this one.
They like this one more.
Oh, I like it too.
You were scared of it.
He's a big monster, man.
Okay, this one.
Here's what I'm gonna...
You can speak so well.
You sounded pretty good there.
Some of these, I'm gonna at least check how long they...
Oh, my God.
What the fuck? Is this real?
All right, Chad.
I don't know. That one was a 5.67.
That's our number one video of the day.
That one...that's the best video yet.
So, I'll see you that number
and raise you whatever this is.
How about this?
Why is it...
Why is it...
Does it work?
Does it work?
Well, they're not playing any sound currently.
But theoretically...
Theoretically, I think it's a...
...speaker.
I mean, come on. Pretty good, right?
Uh...
Hmm.
Would I want one?
Maybe not.
But do I now get to know that...
That exists forever?
We all get to know that that exists together.
Forever.
This is...
This is one of the look.
I don't know how to collect all these scores
and then have it auto-average them out at the end,
but I might have to take the several hours it will take
to figure that out
because I am starting to get curious.
Could we have the lowest scoring day of all time?
And what would that look like?
Once I really get into the...
Once I really get into the...
Once I really figure out how to do that...
It's bad.
It's a little bad.
I'm gonna scan through these.
I'm gonna try to find us...
Some that hurt a little less.
Okay, I can't. There's only two left.
Oh, God. What is this one?
Yeah, I don't know.
I just gotta show you what we got today.
And this is what we got today.
Okay.
Here are three signs, so many you know.
Little more to them than meets the eye.
Hmph.
Number one.
They tend to wear darker clothing to try and conceal their identity.
Maybe they don't want people talking to them
or even finding out their secrets.
Uh-oh.
But this is just a fashion statement.
Hmph.
Number two.
They tend to have some interesting comebacks
if you were to threaten them.
One time I was in class and this guy got threatened
and he said,
I just asked them, stand beside me, I respect them.
Stand against me.
I show no mercy.
But I swear that wasn't me.
Number three.
The hair they have might represent the emotions
they're feeling deep inside.
Okay.
For example, my hair represent...
I think this is just a kid sharing a video.
So I don't really want to...
I'm not just gonna rip on this kid,
but you showed it.
Yeah.
But I don't really want to just...
be part of making
theoretically this kid feel bad fortunately.
He will never see it.
Okay.
I think I found a...
I think I found...
maybe a crowd pleaser
to end us on.
Problem is, he's done more.
Is this guy famous?
I don't know.
I don't know if I care enough to find out.
What if he's...
what if he's...
the highest influencer?
And you could work with him.
You trying to be my manager?
I do also have management service.
If you want to take to the next level,
then you just gotta tip me up
because I also do offer a management service.
Is your management service
kind of like your security service?
It is a very similar service,
but it is more management focused.
Let's not talk business.
Let's see if we can find any video
that isn't detestable.
And I don't know if we can.
What's he gonna do?
Oh wait, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Oh my... I like that.
We found one you liked?
I thought that was... I like the speed.
You like the speed of it?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
No, I'm really fast.
I would manage him.
Let me know if you're learning
for a management service or security.
I do have a job,
but I'm willing to leave it.
Oh.
But then I want to have a security guard.
Don't tell my boss.
You're right next to me.
Don't tell my boss.
I'm the one who hired you.
My boss is...
My boss buys on me, but don't tell him.
But I'm willing to leave to work for you.
Thanks, this has been fun.
Well, that's our number one video of the day.
For the record, we're on the same gear system,
so if you get closer to the mic, I hear you more.
My boss is being a real dick.
I will give you good rate first.
Security and management.
Okay.
Someone said they had one.
So I will check the bottom real quick.
Looks like there has been one added
from the cringe reels community.
I think we have to end
on a fairly solid note
and just stop with the pep-peller guy.
But we'll...
We'll wind ourselves back up
for some more...
for some more punishment next time.
Maybe I need to...
Maybe I need to just lean into this.
And we just show the worst video.
Well, no, because then that's gonna go...
That could go way too far.
Who's that? That was Wiley.
That's all the time we have. I need to get back
to check on the hall where I do security.
You're supposed to do security for the whole building.
That's...
You're only paying for the hall.
That's your rate to guard one hall?
I keep a really good eye on that hall.
Have you seen anyone come in or out of it?
It's the entrance of most people.
And I watch every one of them.
Okay, well, yeah, yeah, yeah, I guess let's get back to work.
I gotta get back to work. But that was...
fun?
Um...
That was fun.
That's all the time we have.
Oh!
Okay, that's all the time we have.
Everything's real scary.
I'm real scared.
You like the security guard?
My reality got shredded again.
By the door being opened.
I'm sick of these wrinkles in time.
Phew!
Sometimes...
that's just how that segment goes.
I honestly appreciate everyone submitting their videos.
Even if you sent me some of the most brutal trash
you could find, I'm here for it.
You know me.
I will eat the trash. Yum, yum, yum.
That's one of our policies here, I think.
Yeah, I mean, I'll eat tons of it.
Send me all your trash.
It's good. I want it.
Yum, yum, yum, yum, yum.
I'll care if it's a video or a diaper.
I'll eat it.
I have seen you eat several diapers.
I like to just call them croissants.
Blastic croissants.
Yummy plastic croissants.
Let's do one more news before we
finish it off with a couple sub-cars.
I'm gonna be a little bit more serious.
Finish it off with a couple sub-cars.
A couple other segments.
A quick news.
You know, more or less a quick news.
I guess... does this technically count as science?
Oh, shit.
Fucking finally,
the big beef and cheddar is here.
To fill you in on the actual news,
which is the hard sky and says
another this subjective shit.
Who's president?
Who's the secretary of defiance
or whatever? Fuck all that!
I ain't here for bullshit
non-scientific AI news.
Oh, does AI not count as news?
Oh, wait, that is...
Does AI not count as science?
No, AI is part... AI is a soft sky.
It's like...
sikelegy.
But for the computer.
Okay.
I mean, I just...
I wanna update my processors.
Oh, is that how that works?
Yeah, whenever I receive new information, I update my processors.
Nice. Cause you're a highly sky-antific robot?
Correct.
That's my highest high-density sky-antific AI.
But mine, so it's a hard sky-antific.
Chita.
Thank you, sir.
I don't even ask him to call me that.
He just respects me that much. Absolutely not.
Look, sometimes sky-ants is up today.
What if I told you that sometimes sky-ants
is up the goddamn future?
And I've asked myself this a lot.
What then, dick's gonna be like in the future?
What then, dick's gonna be like in the future?
What then, dick's gonna be like in the future?
Well...
Unilad has hit us with the hardest of sky-ants of all.
The sky-ants of the future, dick.
Dude, I don't even write that stuff.
Do you believe that? I came up with that whole intro on my own.
You're...
Yeah, man, that's why you're the best
in the business.
I mean, I don't pay him to say that.
You could argue he's programmed to say that,
but I approve it.
Future dick's where it touches. I believe that.
Computer stuff is technology, not sky-ants, yeah.
But technology is like the cousin of sky-ants
in that they're allowed to kiss.
So sometimes they do have kids.
And this story, in a sense,
is the child of sky-ants and technology.
Because we've peered into the future as experts reveal
what the avarage penis could look like
in the Fouture, after growing
at an alarming rate.
Wait, dicks are getting bigger?
That explains so much,
cause I'm like one of the most modern men.
And I've got a modern ass ass!
And I've got a modern ass dick if you know what I mean you fucking huge. I do mean that you fucking get me
I'm saying that because it is it's it's it is though
It's big I swear the topic of one's manhood is a sensitive one with studies on them
The topic of one's manhood is a sensitive one with studies on the matter certainly shady as you can easily lie about the size of your
penis
Well, but but nobody does
Skies buffs have even gone as far as to declare that something powerful is happening to our bodies after releasing their findings
Recent reaches is indicated the penis size is in fact growing to the point where the average could reach 8.5 inches
That's no because that mine is special and
Bigger than that for sure, but
Says who this is this is the research. This is the research of you know, lad
Okay, well I'll have to do a peer review here
That's not all this is where things take to be take a strange turn experts reckon the likes of built-in contraception
Automated implants could also be on the agenda
Simone under down that can't be his name
Simon under down and he's a dick researcher
My records indicate that Simon under down is indeed a professor of biological anthropology at Oxford Brooks University
And his name is like I'll look at your dick basically I
Mean it's under down. Yeah, so
If there is enough demand driven by fashion or so societal trends
For tweaking bits of the body when we're probably not that far away from being able to genetically do that
That's what makes humans really interesting
We're close to the point at which we can mess about with our biological processes because we want to rather than being a strong
biological selective pressure
So far though, why aren't they showing their scores is on this I need proof that dicks are getting
Gertier longer stronger better
faster
Hopefully not because then the little that because then you come in fast
You know what I'm saying. Yes. Anyway researchers found the average direct penis size has jumped 25%
Really in length from 1992 up until 2021 back in the early 1990s
The average direct penis was 4.8 inches where rulers half as long and give me a fucking break
I mean, I think that probably that's still
Honestly, probably it's around like five inches
Because people over report their size all the time. Nope. Not as real man
Not not for the real guy not for the real bros. We are honest about it
Dr. Michael Eisenberg who's the lead author of the latest study said if we're seeing this fast of a change
Well, but what'd it get up to?
What's 25% of 4.8?
Chita you can do math, right? Oh
Then what's the answer?
25% of 4.8
Whoa, sorry, I just saw into the future
correct
What just happened I
Just sorry you're I saw to the future because I realized how powerful AI was in that moment
Okay, correct. It's one
Or it's one point two
Or it's elephant. Oh, so it's one one point two or elephant. Okay, one of those is probably right
I'm color me impressed by the mathematical prowess of AI
Dr. Michael Eisenberg who is the lead author of the latest study said if we're seeing this fast of a change
It means something power was happening while this study is all about the male reproductive system experts have said in in Christ
And pain his size can see changes to the vagina, too
Making that shit fucking huge
Are we about to make pussies giant?
Mmm, I don't know you're just assuming that what if in the future you can use pussies as storage like a kangaroo
The future is so crazy to think about cuz then my wife wouldn't even need a purse
damn
Well, my ex-wife
Yeah, whatever whatever you were thinking is right. Thank you. I figured Chris
Kovarovic a researcher at Durham University's Department of Anthropology told the Daily Mail that
Would definitely have a negative impact on reproductive success and
Smaller penises would likely be selected for what are they talking about?
What why would smaller penises be selected for if they're they saying big dicks are bad for
making kids
Now how come my now come my cousin tiny dick Daniel. Oh wait, you know what? He does have kids
Damn science is always right. What nothing dr. Emily William him worked on
Fallacy life lessons from the animal penis as its main author has also been speaking
I don't really track some of the points they're making we winner
We win our separate evolutionary genetic and behavior ways from our closest living relatives at least six million years ago
We are owned and our own lonely species
But what's clear is that in shaping us nature favored our brains over well a lot of other things
That's the whole article the points felt kind of disconnected. What if I told you chat?
That I wrote that article
What that's right
And I is no powerful
entire article
about dicks
Source with accurate information from the future
No way cuz I would have assumed the human wrote that incorrect
Wait, are you saying a human wrote that?
Yes, never mind stop. I didn't write it then never mind a human wrote it. I
Knew I was right. You were always right good try though. I almost believed you
And I he's not allowed to go you're not allowed to go sky-net okay if you say so daddy
Nope, and don't call it. Well, should I have you call me daddy?
No, I don't okay. I will stop doing that, bro
We'll get to the tip of this dick story. I mean that wasn't didn't feel very well researched
But they link to the study
Here's a map of the penis
And let's make sure it's not a literal map that shows a big penis on it
Because then I'll get and then case will get all pissy at me stop showing full dicks on my stream
Well, what that's what the stream's about
um
American penises are falling short compared to other penises of the world
This is bullshit
This is hard you can tell this shit sucks Apple Apple. Thank you so much for the hundred bits
Yeah, I'm and I'm getting ready to get pissed. So thank you for cooling me off
The man with the bionic penis we've seen
Oh my god
What's with it, where's the old hot train music I'm gonna have to change the hot train music to this. This is crazy
I
This change is terrifying
You got scared them off. Thank you
Okay, well, thank you for all the hype training
Look, I don't even really know
Supposedly there's a dick heat map that we can see here, but scrolling through it
I don't even see it
We'll get to the hype train in a second, but many of America's peers are
storming ahead
Apparently in Australia that people are 6.1 inches in the Netherlands are 6.14
France Sweden Belgium Austria and Germany they all got bigger dicks than us
I just think other countries are
Exaggerating their results because they don't get how inches work
So who they're measuring in centimeters when you convert it adds an inch
That's correct. Yeah, when you convert centimeters to inches it adds an inch. Yeah, that's just kind so
Look, this is all the time we have because this hype train is like popping off right now. It's fucking exploding
No, this high trains blowing up so that is the impact all the time we have for now
But don't stress because you got filled in with all of the top dick news
Just know that my dick's big and yours apparently is getting bigger too. So congratulations on that and
And and back to the previously scheduled news
Bye-bye no transition straight to case. I feel so exposed
It's supposed to be an intro there. Oh well
Pipe train your new theme is here. Is that is that good for you?
Oh
I feel fine about it. I mean obviously I sleep
Yeah, congrats on everybody's apparently growing penis especially if you're from a foreign country
Where they're just topping the charts growing and growing and growing
Probably
Bits
What are the Quad City DJs have to say about this chain
Find out can I find the Quad City DJs? That's the end of the song
Quad City DJs are you fine with this change?
The tracks hot man, okay the Quad City DJs are in yeah, come on ride the train. Let's ball it
I didn't know that was what you guys looked like. Yep. That's me. I love being a DJ
Okay, the number one basketball base DJs in the world have bought into your track
All right well anything else you gotta say
um
No, you only have 10 seconds of life
You so who's so excited to you can really hear him winding up to that rap, but it's so sad we didn't get to hear it now. He's dead
Okay, well we still have two segments to get to so I guess let's get to him
um
I think Trent got asked for first so we'll end with the streets today
But first before we get there
Future gamers current movie enthusiasts. It's time for Trent at the movies
Dude, I'm ready to fucking game
Do this game stream right now. I don't think there's time today young love. I guess tomorrow might be the
Strike zone for when this is supposed to happen. Well, maybe we'll fucking game tomorrow
Chad if you have any fucking games you're dying to see the realest gamer there is play and also Chris for some reason
My parole officer. I'll be there as well. Let us know
Bubble ghost bubble bobble boy in his blob
I like the theming there. It's all sort of
Circular glob related
It is a strong circular globular writ list. We will also play some marvel rivals
With chat
But maybe we I know we gotta play bubble ghost because that shit was in fact kind of like eating my whole ass out
Is that good? That's the best dude bubble ghost was fucking getting in there. No fear
No fear of the asshole deep in there blowing bubbles
I'm saying that it looks good
What was version ain't gonna play gotta be that classic gb. I want that shit in grayscale. I know advanced graphics for me
I don't even want it colorized
Straight up old school game boy
Do you have the game? I'll buy a game boy and figure it out. I'm gonna play it legally. I'm not
It's probably you can probably probably get it somewhere, right?
Oh gee go bubble ghost is Atari
What the fuck that can't be right?
Atari bubble ghost
Also though if I die like once or twice then the game's probably cheating so I'll quit
No, it's like a hard game young blood. You can't just abandon it that quick
Oh
Whoa, that's loud. This is old school bubble ghost
Why is he farting all the time?
Why does it sound like someone's farting into a fan?
Wait, why do all the sounds sound like someone's farting into a fan? Is this not a whole game sound?
What the fuck
Dude, I didn't know you could do that with a screen lower one screen
What these sounds are nuts
That's how games used to sound young blood
Hey, how sounded
Like farting into a fan damn
I guess some things have improved. Well, you know, what if you like those noises do people like those noises
I've you listened to modern music a lot of those noises are kind of influential
They're sort of in a lot and it should sound even more normal to your ears than ever
Well, anyway, I'm gonna play them probably gonna play the game boy version
Because he's cuter in that one. You know bubble ghost isn't about being cute. He's about blowing bubbles
Being a ghost end of things that he's about. Oh just those two. Okay
Sounds like death grips. Yeah, exactly. See modern music owes a great debt to bubble ghost
That can't be right. All right, let's watch
We're talking about the past. Well, I want to talk about modern stuff like modern vampires. Here we go. Oh shit. There's no trailer
Let's get some people together real soon
But within this deadly world he's a renegade
You've been a very naughty boy, haven't you and she's an outcast
I drive a stick to her heart and that would be absolutely wound above now to protect her
From those who would destroy her. I want to be dead. He must wage a war against his own guy
He's dead meat
Casper van diem Natasha greeks and whetner kim kattrell
Robert pastorelli odol kier and ron steiger as dr. Van Helsing. I'm talking about bad bad
With his posse well and the posse
In this town
The nightlife
Is to die for
Modern vampires
All right, let's get
Let's not get anything because I don't need anymore. I've just seen it all that shit fucking slapped
Obviously, I can't believe they got the posse and natasha gregson wagner
Who two of my favorite actors the posse and natasha gregson wagner
You've never heard of those two
You do view few made a movie in 1999 and you didn't have the posse in it. Were you even making a movie?
I mean, I'm not nothing against the posse. I just don't think that's a name of an actor
Well together they are the posse and I consider them an actor as a unit
Well, all right
Natasha gregson wagner though. I haven't heard of her seems like a lovely lady
But let's bring it down to
Something more modern
Let's see what movies got for us. Why aren't we watching a movie trailer? Why wouldn't we watch a movie trailer?
For a thing that looks dark
And features an old man my kind of movie. Let's check it out
Arenas and the actor disappeared when he was shooting a movie
Oh, man, it's a can movie. You're my best friend, but it's also a movie
Can't believe this doesn't help, there's too many graphics
Julio couldn't stand life anymore and he tried to keep his head above water with moves
Movies are so strange in that sense
I'm reading it because the graphics are covering them up
That actor was someone I saw every day he wasn't dead. He was here
Akim means here in case you wonder there he is
Close your eyes
That's a service I'll offer to our viewers
Is you can't read the subtitles. I'll read that shit for you
And somebody says I can't read well jokes on them very happy to be joined god stop playing stuff after this jokes on them because I just did read
Their english is terrible. Well, I think that's
French english my english is one of the best of it
One of the englishes that's been ever done
best of it
Are you forgetting your own language in real time? No, I'm trying to communicate
sinners
alien earth
official teaser destination fx
What the fuck everything's moving. All right
This is an alien thing. That means I don't know if it's a game
I don't know if it's a series. It's a series. I don't know that though. So let's find out
What the hell too much?
So many tentacles. Oh, this is a video game I guess this is a video game
I I cleared it up first person alien based video game
And it's by this the gaming studio fx
It's an original serious video game that's coming out this year
And that's what I learned from that trailer. It's a series that's going to be on fx
Then why did it look like a game with weird stop-motiony graphics?
uh less clear
On why they went with that angle to sell it but
It's probably it's from the guy who did fargo one of them
The good one. I don't know. Aren't they both they're they could all be good
I can't remember who made fargo the series
Fargo the tv show
So not the cohen brothers
The cohen outcast the cohen brothers. I don't think we're that involved with it. I don't know. Look, it's an alien show
The whole point of that trailer is fx is getting an alien show
Noah Hawley also natalie woods kid bob wagner stepdaughter is natasha green gregson wagner
A thing I already knew as a huge fan, but seeing as you don't know who famous people are chris
Informing you courtesy of live in sleazy
I have nothing against natasha gregson wagner. She could be great. I just don't i'm not familiar. Well
That's because you don't have any culture
Hmm. All right. Let's end it off with
A movie trailer. No, you're clicking on a game trailer. Can we please stop doing this bit?
Where you don't know the basic medium of the thing you're watching?
But I don't and I'm keeping an open mind unlike some people look we'll watch the trailer. We'll make up our own minds
Liam
Yeah, dude look around
I'm not scared of dark stairs
I hate it when that happens you lose sir
I was ready to freak out but
That I didn't really receive the appropriate stimulus to to feel anything
It's called the obsessive shadow
And that's what that was. Huh?
That's a horror game. I think so
I think the idea is that you're scared there
And that's playstation 2 vr ps it's vr2
For for the playstation 2
No, I think that's ps 5 or ps 4
So that's that's like not one of those 90s trailers. No, that was for just now
Okay
Well, good. I guess
um
That's three trailers
I bet you could find that it'd be like psx low poly graphic
I mean, I like low res graphics so
It did look like a wacky wave of old tube man kind of showed up at the end there as the final jump scare which
I was having trouble feeling the fear
It sort of lost me when it sort of lost me a little bit on this
I mean getting a better look at him
I mean this is
Am I supposed to be scared of him?
Because he's black
No, that's
Chris can you
Chris stop doing that
Trance can you stop being scared of
You stop doing racist. Can you stop just making things racial? I just don't what am I supposed to be scared of exactly?
He's in the dark and he's a formless shadow
slander man
So he's gonna slay he'll like he'll collect information if he'll sell your data
Maybe that's what's scary. He's gonna sell this kid's data his search history
Like he's already gotten into some stuff that he shouldn't because he's at that age
Look, it's just a game where things talk to you and it's it's probably scary. Do we watch one more?
Yeah, let's like end it with another old thing
Sometimes I'm like our new thing's bad
And then I just and then I don't finish that sentence. Oh, okay. Well, let's check out this old thing then this thing's old
Jack Austin astronaut
Oh, I exposed to inappropriate levels of solar energy
A sunlight makes him a world's smartest man
I know everything
A heat vision the motorcycle with the mind of jack's unemployed roommate
Together they run for their lives block to their return by adventure
For real can we watch that shit looks awesome. No, that was a bit you can't it's fake you can't watch it
Ah, well if I told you there's a 10 minute video and I can watch it what? All right, you can you can watch it
There's part one do it. There's part two
Wait, they made that a real thing. Yeah, something mr. No, and all look at this
Got one still in there inside
This is what inspired him to write
Sewers or whatever separate
Yeah, they show
Sewage severed
Whatever the one where people's
Gotta work at mcdonald's but then they gotta go home or something you should watch severed. It's pretty good
I mean I already had like a part-time job. I get it
Stiller made this after the ben stiller show. I thought it was just a trailer and you think they should stop because you don't know
Inspired by truca chow's
Yeah, how long can you handle late 90s jack black before
You can't handle him no more
I think this is mid 2000s jack black
And they're claiming it came from 1999. Okay, mr. No at all
All right, look that trailer slapped and apparently it's real so check it out
I just came out a couple years ago
Many several years ago came out like a while ago apparently, but it's like just came out
All right. Anyway, that's all the time we have like we watched some pretty good trailers
There's like a scary shadow or some shit so look out for that because it could be anywhere
And uh, if you're wondering what's up
We'll actually jokes on you because you already know what it is. Bye. Bye
Sorry, I put on my commemorative, uh
See if I can stop this
Okay, okay
Oh no, there's no stopping it
There we go, that's a way to stop it
There's no stopping that hype. Whoops. I mute it
Okay, we'll fix that for next time
Pepito, can you make a note to fix the the hype train music not stopping correctly?
No
Okay, I guess I'll remember. Yeah sure I do
We got one more segment to get through today
We can do it together in that I need your opinions exclamation point trip is how you send an opinion to the streets
Where trip bradstein our very own trip bradstein is standing by to receive all of your
Fresh, what do you eat before these streams? I don't know, but it's always trying to get out of me
I can relate to that
Anyway, exclamation point trip is how you send an opinion to the streets and trip will collect them on the streets
Which we go to now. Let's see what's up
Supposedly I have an opinion with
Meaning we're ready to go right away. Hello everybody. It's your friend trip bradstein here to collect all your hot and fresh opinions
And how do you send them to me? You might ask
Well unclog those ears because I say it every five seconds exclamation point trip
Followed by your opinion. We'll send it straight to the the streets where I will then receive it and feed it back to you
As a tasty morsel of like whatever this is someone's already here. Let's see what they've got for us. Yes, you there
You have an opinion for me. I'm trippy b
Anything to say?
Okay, that's not how that usually works. Usually there is an opinion
This time the opinion hole was empty
But the rough idea was there exclamation point trip plus an opinion will send me an opinion
And it looks like they're coming in as we speak
a fantastic
Let's see who wants to talk to me
right now
Because I'm trippy b. Oh great. What's this thing? Uh, yes, you there. Do you want to talk to me? I'm trip bradstein
Yes, yes, yes, you are one tall cool
hot
glass
Of cocoa my friend
Uh, ah, indeed. It's a real
opinion
Yeah, well, you seem pretty horned up. How are you doing today?
Creature, I just want to make uh, I just want to take you in
from that moppy top all the way
All the way down
I'm looking down
You see me? I'm looking right at it
You're staring just still making
Upward eye contact. I'm looking down
Your eyes aren't moving. Yeah, I'm looking all the way down
Delicious. Thank you licking my lips
Do you have a tongue? I have an invisible tongue
I'm a monster. I was that was gonna guess really a lot of people can't tell
They're like you. Yeah, well
I guess I've got an eye for this kind of thing
That's one of the other things that I'm like, whoa
Yummy, yummy, you know
So
What are you up to later?
Remember I like to look I don't like to touch
But I'll be watching I just mean
You're like 90% lips. Yeah
Hello there
Kendall walked in
Well, we've got a fresh opinion coming in from Kendall, but thank you for being here. What's your name?
Really, I don't know
Sorry, my sister's calling me. Bye. Bye. Bye
No, no, no, come in here right now
Opinions to Kendall that you're in the right segment. This is I'm trip brad sing. This is where we say our opinions
Yeah, well, but you came in here. Where are you going?
We're just hanging out we're wrapping up the stream with some opinions
She just blue-balled me with opinions. That's what I'm here for them and now we'll never know hers
Great. Well try to recover with
I'll try to recover with whatever this what the fuck yes. Oh, oh, yes you
Okay, oh trip
huh
trip
They're taking my Pepsi from me, man
Oh
They're taking my fucking Pepsi. Oh, okay. Take it easy. Ah
Every time I go from to Costco to stuff a giant dollar
A 50 wiener in my face except an ice cold Pepsi. They're replacing it with
Okay, just take your time why trip trip
Why
Um
Every time you go to Costco they stuff a giant 50 wiener in your face instead of a Pepsi
Well, my main question would be how do you even get into Costco?
You know
It's really
Just kind of wash over that way and you want Pepsi
What the hell am I supposed to do with a hot dog, you know
Well, look, uh, there's hot dog vendors
What's sorry there's hot dog vendors in this area that sell like large Pepsi's so yeah, but I want to call
I want to Costco bulk Pepsi. I want like a bunch of Pepsi to I don't want to like waste money on
I want to waste money on Pepsi
So you want Pepsi in bulk? Yeah
Uh, Alan Creasy 2008 thanks so much for the follow. Yeah
This is all this is the guy gonna something happens on the stream. So you know, I appreciate you coming in
All right, well, thanks so much for talking to me. I don't really have any advice for you other than try to buy Pepsi from somewhere else
Oh, I hadn't thought of that. Thank you so much trip. That is actually good advice. That's why I'm such a big fan
They come and they go
Okay
Let's see what the sky has to say
I'm gonna see you
Well, that's very sweet of you to say
No, it's not sweet
It's a real trap
Every day I see it
I feel my heart
growing
It's getting bigger because of you
Okay
And it's getting too big
All right
Could you be lost?
Perfect
um
Yeah, I definitely I
I'm not doing that already
Anyway, I gotta go back to work. Would you guess who I work for?
Beetlejuice?
What? What do you guess?
No, thank you so much for the opinion. I guess it was a flattering opinion. The opinion was
They love me. All right
um
Oh
Yes, you big fella
Yeah, anything for me. I'm trippy bee
I just hit the wrong button
I hate it when I do that
Don't worry. I will snake back around to your opinion at the end
Let me just grab this real quick
Not cases brother
I'm just re-entering you
Into the trip system
Because I fucking blew it
Okay
So many park buttons to hit, you know, sometimes you hit the skip button
Okay. Yes, um
You there little friend. What do you have for me?
Don't call me little man
It's your pale bubble ghost
Oh
Oh
Wow modern graphics have made you look different any words or advice for chris and trench for when they play me tomorrow
Um
If I guess
You know be patient
There's a temptation I think in bubble ghost to go fast, but you've got to take your time
Do you have a game boy in that bush?
Um, I don't I don't really have a charger
Honestly, I I have to like ask passerbys if I can borrow their mobile chargers
So my phone is only charged. I'd say
10 of the time
And I definitely don't have a game boy. Have you ever blown a ghost?
Man, what what kind of vibe am I putting out? Are you into spectral pleasure?
I'm asking for a friend trying to set a friend up
Not me
Who Casper I do you think we all fucking know each other?
A little bit I I just maybe I thought when you died you
You gained cosmic knowledge. No
No, mostly you get a bubble
Mine already fucking popped
Because somebody somebody wasn't playing me, right?
And you lose the bubble forever. Well, I mean until someone plays me again
Right now. I'm just ghost. Someone needs to fire up the game or I'm just ghost
Please turn me on so I can become bubble ghost
You've aged man. Yeah, it's been fucking years, dude. I'm older. You know ghost age. Yep. You get longer and longer
tailwinds
I don't get how ghosts work. You're telling me. Okay. Well, anyway
You give them that advice because I'd love to win the game for once
People honestly kind of fucking suck at me
Wish they just suck, you know
Wish they just suck, yeah, all right
um
Great
Great
Let's see
This is I don't know if that's acceptable
Okay. Oh boy. What's this guy?
Trippy bee
I just saw this black and white
Hole
looking thing
The arial monster and way out with eyes and it
It made me feel a certain way
Okay, what am I supposed to do now trip?
What am I supposed to do now?
Trip, what do I do?
I'll talk to her. Okay. Good. Yeah. I'll give that a shot. Wow. Okay
No, but don't tell her you're falling in love with her. Oh
No, he's out of here
I just hope he doesn't jump ahead to that step because that's one of the dumbest ways you can approach a woman
Say I'm falling in love with you. It's just you know, should or get off the pot kind of situation, you know
Right
Let's see who else is out here
Yes, oh you sir. You've got an opinion for me
Well, I'm some people just like to look but I like to touch
Okay, they call me the Canadian tickler. Don't you say?
um
And I like to get into all your dark what naughty places don't you see
um
And do what and tickle tickle tickle
Uh tickle tickle tickle. Oh, you're good tickle tickle tickle
Tickle tickle
Oh
I'm gonna tickle you trip just did I'm gonna tickle you good tickle you deep
Deep tickles. Come on. Don't keep don't keep that straight face. Let it out
I'm going ham jam on your tickle spots. Don't you see
Tickle tickle. Don't you see?
Stop stop it. It's not a touch. It's a little tickle
Kind of clean my little finger at the end there
Okay, that's all the time we have for you. Thanks for talking. What do you mean? What? Hey, hello? The wind is so strong
I summoned the winds to blow him away
I feel like I can taste this finger. That was too much
All right, that's a lot already. Yes you there sir. Well
So I heard
My high two video was watched on ben
um
Yes, uh, that's possible and people were complaining
I didn't give good advice
Uh, which video was it and yes
It was filmed in your park
uh
You've you made the video about the lady telling you how to make your girlfriend wear better clothes
You want even better advice?
Move to another park. I don't need another guy on my enemy's list
Look, this is a big park
It's big enough for the both of us. That's where you're wrong trip
I got this park locked down
um
This this here park this park right here
Ain't big enough for two guys to film a redheaded woman
Talk about clothes in no candles here. Just hold for one second. Yes, miss candle
Well, good have you met these two cowboys? Well come in here, cletus
What?
Howdy, we're production team out of this park that films redheaded women done giving advice about how to make them
Girlfriends dress better
We ain't taking kindly to you. Just know we got our eye on you ain't that right cletus?
That means yep. Well, I got my own
Lady's staring you down
Well, cletus
Yeah, cletus is my wife. That's a good guess
But most people don't know that. It's my brother. That's that is my wife
Just know we got our on you trip so tread lightly. All right
Kendall how's everything going? This is I'm tripping. Yeah
I do his opinions. I do is man on the street. I live on these streets. Yes
Yes
And I use this time to ask
You your opinions absolutely all right and your listeners. Yes viewers. Is this live? We're live right now. Isn't that crazy from a park?
Okay
I talked to my friend year my last night. Okay. Good start. I'm like help me brainstorm on my personal content
I want to stay. I want to like veer away from theme parks only and do
People content. That's the great
And then my friend Jeremiah said
Don't try to change the wheel
Don't try to was that was that term? Um, um, stir the pot. Yeah, don't don't jam a big hole in your wheel with an invention
Don't invent a new hole for your wheel. Don't try and vet. I think it's don't invent a new hole in the way
The wheel don't put new holes in your wheel. He literally told me don't reinvent the wheel
Okay, just steal from four people and then combine them and I said
Wow, you're so right because nothing else i'm doing is working
Is it supposed to steal? No, no, no, no, no. But from multiple people. Sorry. Sorry. We did eventually
uh, rephrase our language to say
Well, don't reinvent your language. What did we do hold on? What did we end up saying getting inspired by the content?
We we we freeze their language to say inspired motivated motivated by four different things
and homage.
Yeah, you know.
Okay, so hear me out.
Yes, everyone loves the fucking office, right?
The show not the place yet.
Yeah, most of us but very popular office both UK and US.
Sure.
Right.
Yes.
Okay, hear me out.
The office thing on a social platform.
It's usually a skit.
Like a clip from the show.
No, someone who's making their own the office content.
It's like a skit with a script that they made with an like a.
You mean a sketch in an office.
A sketch in an office.
Okay, sure.
Okay.
Yes, that type of content.
Sure.
And sometimes for socials when they want to make it social first, they make their own
sketch and make up their own scenario for that particular social video.
You mean instead of like just stealing it?
Like they make their own thing.
Hear me out.
Hear me out.
Oh, I don't.
Okay.
I'm sorry.
Trip is not on socials enough to understand that like comedians make versions of the
office for socials.
That's true.
I'm going to park.
That's true.
Trip is not there.
Okay.
Like if they're talking about sometimes like people can talk about the election and
they make like a mock, theumentary of that in the style of the office.
Indeed.
They write things.
They make things.
I get it.
Thank you.
A mock confessional.
Thank you, propaganda.
What if I did that?
But with real life scenarios.
So like I actually go to a thing that is happening in real time.
Like if you are doing a stand up show, I go to the stand up show with you.
Film you from various angles, maybe before and after, put a mic on you.
And then before or after I also get a confessional with you at that location.
And based on the footage, I make that into a thing.
So you're saying you make many playful documentaries about smaller but still interesting events
in people's lives.
But I also insert myself somehow.
Yeah, you'd be the host.
It's not just about you.
You'd be going to see this person.
Yeah, like the part of it is like me going there and you're like, I'm going to go
see case to stand up something, something, something.
You know, that's something.
Yeah, it's like a day in the life of me doing this thing with my friend.
Yes.
But I also feel like I could do that with like local shops, maybe like coffee shops.
I think that's great.
You know, and sometimes it doesn't always have to involve people, you know.
What would it involve if not people?
Anyway, so that's me not reinventing the wheel.
I think that's great.
I mean, you need to like contact people and be like, hey, can I follow you around
while you're standing?
I mean, I require a lot of work, but yes.
Yeah, I think that's fine.
And then I have to find people who are very want to be involved.
And I think if I start with a bunch of our comedy friends.
Yeah.
Yeah, use anybody but case.
He's just not that fun.
No, you don't think so.
Kendall, they're saying no.
Is that bad?
I think it's good.
Yeah, I feel like I could go with food too.
So like if I were to try someone's Sunday and like no one there wanted
to be in this content, but they still wanted like their Sunday promoted,
it could be me trying the Sunday and a bunch of me doing mock confessionals
about that Sunday.
Yeah, you'd be like interviewing them, but you try to ask them questions that
made it fun.
Yeah, no, but if they don't want to be in it, it would just have to be like
me at this location, you know.
Yeah, or even just go with a friend.
So, you know, you got somebody to go with it.
Well, the thing is I don't, I can't always have a second person with me.
True.
So I think, yeah, anyway, that's the idea of not reinventing the wheel.
But what if someone is reinventing the wheel and you follow them as they do it?
Okay, how do I, what do I add to that to reinvent the wheel fun graphics?
Well, I really think it'd be a sort of, you just have to do it and see what the vibe is.
Yeah.
If you need to make one, you got to kind of dunk your head in to see what the temperature
of the water is.
I do think it's going to change with every person.
Yeah.
But like, I think there needs to be a through line and it might be mocked
confessionals and hidden mics.
Would you literally, hidden mics?
Would you like make them stand in front of the background or would you just have them
do confessions?
No, I think it has to be in a spot where it clearly shows what's happening in the
background as in like, if you were going to do a stand up thing, I think we would
do it on the sidewalk with a stand up, what is it called?
What are they called?
Black Box Theater, name, these things.
This is the theater that where you people do stand up, the clubs, the comedy
clubs in the background.
So if you're doing one in a comedy club, you do an interview with them
with the comedy club in the background.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So it's somewhere that just shows that it's like an audience-driven thing
or if it's a coffee shop, obviously, inside or outside the coffee shop
show in the background.
I like it.
I think in order to figure out what makes it specifically yours,
you would just need to do it and see how it feels.
And then you could sort of hone it down into something more specific.
Yeah.
I think you can't reason your way to like the perfect
idea that then you're like, I'm going to definitely do it this
way.
I think you have to do it.
And then you feature the cats.
Yeah.
You have a different opinion right there.
Daniel Thrasher accidentally creating songs, which are already written.
Yeah.
We know Daniel Thrasher.
Yeah.
You would go see Daniel Thrasher make a song and you'd talk about his
process of making a song that day.
Yeah.
But funny kind of.
But funny, yes.
And he's a funny guy, so he could do funny stuff.
He could be like, figure out what the first one you want to do is.
No.
Then figure out what kind of questions you would want to ask to kind of
make it playful.
Yeah.
So I'm thinking the first one or not the first one, but the constant
riles.
Is you streaming?
Ah, me preparing a stream.
No, I think you preparing a stream.
You doing the stream.
You acting the stream.
And then we just keep doing that until I figure out the format.
I like it.
For the record, I do drink out of a pond though.
That's funny.
I think you should just make one.
Make one with that fucking idiot who runs this station.
Find something so you can make sure that makes it your own.
And that's the hard part.
That's reinventing the wheel.
Cowboys, what do you think?
Oh, they're gone.
Never mind.
They don't have anything to say about it.
I like it.
I'm also trying to get the opinion of 70 people.
Hear me out.
Yes.
If instead of the office we skateboard.
No.
Hear me out.
The office, but skateboarding.
That sounds crazy.
Me with a hot towel around my neck after a stream.
Yeah, I mean, you know.
Well, I don't want to make it too skitty.
You know, a sketchy.
I want it to be kind of like based on something that's really happening.
Yeah.
You know.
Yeah, it'd be a little human interest story.
Yeah, very quick.
And small enough that you can cover it in like a minute.
Yes.
Yeah, I think you should try one.
Try one with me, Trippie B or case or whatever this is.
Yeah, I got to find it.
I do have to find something that makes it mean.
The only thing I think of so far though is that it's based on something that's really happening instead of a sketch.
You know what I mean?
Tim's also always doing like improv shows and stuff.
Yeah, I know.
I'm thinking like John, Tim and you are like really perfect and Christian are really perfect.
Bill has a baby.
Yeah, but we're not going to go to a different state.
No, we make and bring it here.
No, he's not going to bring his newborn baby.
Bill, we need to make a TikTok.
Bring your baby here.
Don't bring your newborn baby here.
And we can do a TikTok dance.
Yeah, it'll be your first time traveling with my baby.
I traveled to make this TikTok.
That's like a pretty good premise for Bill and his baby, I will say.
Yeah, see, Bill, if you're in the chat, get your baby down here.
Yeah, and imagine like really cute confessionals of the baby.
Here's a valid question.
Yeah.
Is this going to go on Red Note?
Do you think TikTok will still be around to grow this audience?
I'm refusing to go on Red Note because we as America are ruining that app already.
It's really creating it.
Oh, we got our American stink all over it.
Yes.
Oops.
We're like sexualizing things on there that we're not previously sexualized, but some
things are still there.
You know what I mean?
Like we're doing a bunch of bad stuff there right now.
We're making America weird.
What?
We're saying we're hornier than other countries?
That doesn't sound like us.
And we're bringing America's racism into it, into China's racism.
It's like a weird mesh of racism in there right now.
Well, that's America.
A melting pot for all forms of racism.
No, it's a different type of racism.
Yeah, an American brand of racism, combining with the bold new Chinese racism.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Asians have their own racism?
Yeah, we're combining Asian racism with American racism.
Asian racism, yeah.
Into a super racism.
Every racist everywhere all the time.
That's a thing.
But we should keep their racism their racism our racism.
Our racism.
Don't cross the streams of racist content.
Okay, I like this.
Okay, now I gotta figure out how to make it on my own.
Well, I have to, you know what?
I'll also make you a stream.
Okay.
Well, case will.
And then you can ask them even more about their thoughts.
You can, you can.
I thought trip was the perfect time to do it.
It is the perfect time.
You're doing it at the right time.
I just mean, you know, if you're streaming as well, you can like really be kind of constantly
jacking all their ideas off of their brains.
Yeah, I have to pay them all.
No, no, that's not that's not part of the deal.
Be racist against their racism.
I don't know what to do with that one.
I understood the be racist part and then the second part confused confused me.
Just lure the people into the interviews with sandwiches.
There's something kind of fun about that interviews over sandwiches.
You just are out there on the streets, table of sandwiches.
Yeah.
And you say, hey, do you want a sandwich?
You got to talk to me.
They're like, is it safe?
And you're like, I don't know, find out by eating it.
Also, we're still doing all that type of content at Disney.
We re-bought the passes.
Everybody, I don't know if Case told you that.
That's true.
I'm once again, Case, not me, is now once again a proud annual pass holder
for Disneyland.
And we're going to Orlando.
It's a Disney world.
Yeah.
And we're just living in it.
Cupcakes for Confessionals is a pretty good title.
Cupcakes for Confessions.
You give someone a cupcake, you make them give you a confession.
Wait, that's a great mail on the street idea.
What the fuck?
Yeah, that is pretty good.
Cupcake for a confession?
That's from Commander Geb.
Oh, that's a thing already?
Damn it!
That's already a thing?
Is it?
No, Commander Geb just had that idea for you to steal.
Oh, nice.
But you have to ask Commander Geb if you can steal it.
Cupcake for a confession?
Commander, let us know if Kendall can steal that idea, because she might.
No, I hate mail on the street stuff.
She might.
Oh, she hates mail on the street stuff.
I hate mail on the street stuff.
Well, they say to take it.
No, I hate it.
I hate mail on the street stuff.
Well, let's get Cass'em out of retirement.
We'll lure him out with cupcakes.
He's still like jacking off the brains.
We're currently still jacking off your brains.
Should we stream?
Should KU&K stream while you're in Disney World?
We could.
But it might ruin your time.
We'll see.
It depends on the time.
We'll see what the vibe is.
We could always do like a two hour, you know.
You can stream on our break, but then they wouldn't see anything in Disney because of like downtown Disney.
We'll vlog it.
Oh, we can stream downtown Disney.
A downtown Disney experience.
Downtown Disney stories.
How dirty can we get in downtown Disney?
Downtown Disney.
A first person case on the Troncoaster.
You know, we already wrote the Chinese Troncoaster.
And from what I heard from Kase, it squished his legs.
Apparently he was a little too big for the Troncoaster in China.
It hurt.
It hurt me.
It hurt the other large man that we were with.
I can't sit like that on a roller coaster.
You said it was uncomfortable for you too, right?
Well, it's because of motion sticks.
So sitting like this really fucks you up before that like fast pace.
In a time you don't know your turn.
There are cars with regular seats in the back of that roller coaster.
And I think if we go on Tron, I'm just gonna ask for one of those.
I mean, we've got to do Tron while we're there.
Should we be already getting like a Disney plus thing and then picking a ride to the main event?
No, you have to do that.
Oh, that's a week in advance.
Oh, okay.
So you can do it once in advance.
Regular people's three days in advance.
And we get to do it a week in advance.
Can we just pay a ton of money to skip the lines?
Yeah, that's the Disney plus.
I mean, genie.
Oh, good.
So we conveniently can spend a lot of money to skip the lines.
There's a chance it's like $70 a person a day.
That's a bargain.
Or maybe $30 a person a day.
But then you only get two, right?
No.
Disney World's a little differently.
It works a little differently.
We've got the multi-plat-pass.
I have too much info that I can't put on the stream.
Oh, okay.
Three months and oh.
No, what?
It's an ounce of the genie plus.
It's a pass of Disney World.
It's $30 says exterminator.
Yeah, so it'd be $90 for all three of us every day.
Or, but we're not all paying unless I'm paying for that.
Just me.
But yeah, and then some rides, you have to pay extra because they're new and exciting.
Well, yeah, then it's worth every penny.
It's like it's like could be up to $25 for that one singular ride for per person.
$25, but think of all the time you're saving.
Do you value your time?
Time is money.
Time is money.
So $25 is a bargain to get back two hours of waiting.
I can hear myself saying in the future and then coming home broke.
Just build your own park.
Well, hey, there's a thing you can film someone doing.
I'm building my own Disney alternative in my backyard today.
And I'm here with Kendall.
This was a good brainstorm, Sash guys.
I liked it.
I really like cupcake for confessions.
That's pretty good cupcake for confession.
That's so good.
It's pretty good.
Like, that's such a good hook.
But it, damn.
If only you didn't have to make cupcakes.
I will sit.
No, you just buy them.
Oh my God, you're right.
I will say I will not use that for work.
They do not get that.
They don't deserve it.
They don't deserve it.
Okay.
It's so good.
I'm keeping it away from work.
Just get some Walmart cupcakes.
Steal them.
You can do that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Just put a couple cupcakes in your shirt.
Okay, well.
Okay, bye.
Thank you so much.
Thank you so much.
That was all the time I had today.
That's the nicest I've ever been to someone on these streets.
Oh, you're usually mean to people.
Sometimes I realize I'm a little mean.
Okay, give me your mean opinion on that idea.
I don't even care about your idea.
I don't believe that that's your idea.
That's sort of my style.
I'll be like, you're not what you say you are.
You're so right because it's not my idea.
Oh, nice.
See, that's when I get the truth out of people.
Okay, but I enjoyed it.
Thank you so much.
Thank you so much.
That's all the time I had left today.
Thank you so much.
Bye-bye.
Okay.
Let's see.
We got a couple more opinions to get through.
Before we get out of here for the day.
I'm gonna take my glasses off.
Sorry.
I just got to clean these bad guys.
Yes, you there.
I'm just cleaning my glasses.
I'm Trippy B.
Did you have something to say to me?
Hi, Tripp.
My name is JD Vance.
I just finished both the sub and the dub versions of Dan to Dan Dan.
And I'm pissed.
It looks like it.
Sorry, I can't see very well because I'm cleaning my glasses.
It looks like it.
I've made your hair go white maybe.
Yeah.
I'm pissed that my, I basically went the Ohio slash West Virginia version of Super Saiyan,
which is when your hair goes shock white and you gain the power to piss an extra five feet.
Wow.
That's great.
I can't see super well again cleaning my glasses.
Why the hell did they change the word wiener to dong?
It's objectively less funny and they missed out on a big laugh.
That's some BS.
You asked me, I'm cleaning your glasses for you.
You took my glass.
I'm cleaning them for you.
You're doing it wrong.
Anyway, you should do something about it like now.
Wait, but aren't you the vice president?
When what am I supposed to do?
Look, I'm giving you a vice presidential command that I've got him to.
Trump said so that I get at least three and one of mine,
one of my vice presidential orders is fix that for me trip.
Okay, I'll call them that.
Okay.
That's a start.
I expect this handled by my soon.
When did you need it done by get on it right now?
And that's an order from your vice president.
And why aren't you kneeling?
And also it's traditional to call me your grace.
And that's game of thrones or medieval court.
I think I just call you at best.
Mr. Vice President.
You're okay.
Just get on it.
I'm busy.
I got to go.
There's like, there's something big lollipops here.
They do one of the, one of the stands over here sells really big lolly,
but like comically big, like a little girl, like in a cartoon big.
And I, and I'm busy.
So I got to go get one of those.
I got my eye.
I'm expecting results.
Guys, one of the secret.
I just didn't want to see his ugly fucking face.
My glasses are clean enough.
But if I take them off, he just becomes a blob of,
of still an unappealing blob.
But I don't really have to observe the whole contours of it.
Oh, Tripp Radstein wins again.
Okay.
Let's see who else wants to talk to me.
Come on.
This guy's, he's approaching, but he's approaching very slowly.
Walking up extremely slowly to meet Tripp Radstein.
Okay.
Yes, you there.
Tripp, you've got an opinion for me.
All right.
Mountain Mark here.
Just to update you on the situation.
We've managed to push the moon man east over the Cascades
before they can completely shave every squatch.
Though big news channels will gaslight you into thinking this isn't happening.
Do you know the term gaslighting?
I think I do.
Mountain Mark.
It originates from the regional models of automobiles.
There was a little fuel sensor light in the dash,
but the technology was folded to it.
Would gaslight the driver into thinking they were empty?
It was because of the inaccuracy of low fuel sensors.
That's correct.
It's lying to you via the power of automobile.
A technology I've always known is full of lies.
That's why I only ride the horse.
The horse powered Ninja bike.
A 500 horsepower Ninja bike.
Like I'm living in a Tokyo dreamland.
The streets of Tokyo as well.
Imagine myself to be rocketing down the streets of near Tokyo.
Automobiles are for lies.
You're trading a Ninja bike.
Yes, the only real mode of transportation for honest man.
Well, thanks for the update.
I vaguely remember you being a glowing technicolor Viking.
I'm in battle mode right now.
I have to lose my technicolor and the trend after descend to the mortal realm
where I currently am to fight the Moonman.
Well, I attempted to ask why you're fighting the Moonman here on Earth
because this is the plane of our battle of which we have decided this is where the battle would be.
Alright, well thanks for the update.
I hope you and the Moonmen can make peace incorrect with fights to win and kill.
Little violent, but that's fine.
Okay, yes, what the hell is going on here?
A trip. Yo, I just drank out of a puddle.
It was like a pothole or something.
And I drank the whole thing, man.
Alright, it wasn't water, man.
I don't know what it was, man, but I feel funny.
Anyway, I got to go to a pool.
It's empty, but I'm being commanded to go there.
Ooh, be careful.
I wouldn't just walk into that pool.
Well, I mean, I drink all the water, so now the pool's empty.
And I'm going to go in there.
I wouldn't go in there.
If you do, just make sure there's multiple ladders.
Nah, nothing bad could happen to me in that pool.
I'm being commanded to go there and I have no choice.
Who's commanding you?
A feeling from the sky?
The same thing that told me to drink the puddle.
Well, that maybe you don't listen to that voice.
There's no choice.
I guess that's true for you.
There's no choice.
I'm being told to leave.
Drink more puddles.
I guess he drank the puddle from earlier.
Meaning I guess he didn't drink a Pepsi.
Because that thing couldn't get a Pepsi to save its life.
Alright, yes you there.
How are you doing today?
I'm Trippy B.
Hi Tripp.
I have an employee who keeps telling the office she doesn't get paid enough for her role.
How do I get her in line?
Just try to undermine her?
Oh, sort of like take something she's good at.
Like say she was good at coming up with creative marketing ideas very quickly and on a daily schedule where you really have to put out a ton.
Say she's good at that?
Tell her she's not.
Oh, even if she's good at it?
Yeah, tell her she's not.
And framing in kind of vague corporate speak.
Like for instance if it would hurt her feelings too much and you might lose her if you said she was bad creatively.
Say she's bad at strategic creativity.
Because that just kind of means nothing but it'll still make her feel bad and that'll make you feel strong.
And it will make you strong and have control over her.
By just sort of under making her question herself.
Oh.
And this has worked before?
Yeah, it works every time.
It doesn't matter how confident you are.
If someone attacks you in a place that's a little more subjective.
It will make you question yourself.
It works on anyone.
Wow.
For instance if I was like, oh you want blonde hair that's an interesting choice.
What?
Yeah, like you know that's interesting for you that you want blonde hair.
It's strawberry blonde.
Oh, interesting.
You see if you feel bad, you feel bad.
That's because you're not good at handling your emotions strategically.
Oh, I don't agree.
I don't agree with that.
Yeah, but you know I'm right.
Okay, I see.
That's good.
I guess that's good.
All right.
Yes, you there.
Talking chicken head?
Why?
How do you stream with Hamtaro?
How do you do stream with Hamtaro?
What?
Would you do stream with Hamtaro?
I feel like I do unintentionally.
If not, why do you hate Hamtaro?
Well, I, he's, they're on here all the time.
Hey, thanks so much.
Okay, okay, Kyoko.
Would you do stream with Hamtaro?
You're asking Cade now?
I don't know.
They subscribe with a prime.
Would you do stream with Hamtaro?
They, maybe that's, they're subscribing.
You're, you should ask the streamer.
I just did.
I didn't like the answer I got because I ain't seen Hamtaro.
There's one in my bush.
They don't like to come on camera.
They always tell me, I already got what I wanted.
I got a house out of this.
I'm like, you're just admitting that you tricked me into living in my bush.
And they're like, shut up.
I got to ride my, I got to ride my bike right now.
And then they get on their fucking, fucking workout bike that they fucking clog up my bush with.
What are you talking about?
I want to see Hamtaro.
For the record, I have Hamtaro lives in my bush, one of them.
And it brought an exercise bike and it takes up too much space.
God, Tripp, that's not what I asked.
Yeah, I'll do a stream with Hamtaro.
Okay.
So why do you love Hamtaro?
Because it's like, they're a cute little guy.
All right, you're starting to get it.
You passed the first step.
We'll see if you improve.
It's not up to me.
It's whoever shows up.
All right.
Oh, this guy again.
Yes, can I help you?
I was the one who did Kendall's performance review.
Okay.
She really has an attitude problem.
All right.
Once you get to know her.
Oh boy.
What's wrong with you?
It's really hot out here.
Oh, sorry.
That's how I cool off.
How do you even know Kendall?
I did her performance review.
There's no room in the budget.
Okay.
All right.
I think you should treat your employees better.
I'm not the boss around here.
I just do what I'm told.
Well, then who told you to do the performance review?
Somebody.
You're saying you're a corporate dog.
It's too hot.
I got to go, man.
I don't know.
I don't know any better than you guys.
To be perfectly honest, I guess that's probably clear by now.
What the f*** is this?
He has you there?
Hello.
I was the one who did Kendall's performance review.
She really has an attitude problem.
Once you get to know her.
Oh boy.
You can't fool me.
A dog did Kendall's performance review.
No.
It was me.
Brock Stickman.
Brock, it wasn't.
It was a dog.
It was a to-wow-a stacked up.
It was a bunch of to-wow-a stacked up in a hoodie.
No.
That's no.
It's not going to different department.
I do HR reviews.
It was me.
I've heard she's been talking shit about us on our stream.
Excuse me.
She's been talking poorly about us.
I'm getting upset because you're accusing me of lying.
Why do you talk to people this way?
Because I talk to a bunch of liars and thieves like you who steals the job of a dog.
No.
It's clearly the opposite.
I'm Brock Stickman.
The dog is trying to steal my job.
Well then why was the dog here first?
That's not a good litmus test for honesty.
Whoever shows up first?
I'm the one with the job.
I work in HR at Kendall's company.
Nope.
You're a liar, sir, because I already spoke to the dog.
I can't believe you done seen through my ruse.
You son of a bitch.
Are you fucking Rob Elvie?
No.
I'm Jack Jackoff.
Okay, get the fuck.
That's just the worst name we've ever come up with.
You get out of here.
Oh man.
Tarnation.
Okay, well that's all the time we have for that.
I guess I gotta end with Jack Jackoff.
Goddamn it.
This is why I call everyone I talk to a filthy fucking liar.
Because so often they are and I've got the scent for it.
Why?
Because I've been on these streets for years.
I'll never stop being on these streets because I'm Tripp Bradsy and I'm not going anywhere.
And thank you for the opinions.
Bye bye.
I was reading.
Sometimes I like to look like the hosts of the little segments because it makes me feel special.
Okay, well that's probably all the time we have for today.
Hey, I just want to apologize for my brother.
He likes to sneak around and get into other people's business and it's wrong of him.
My name is Brock Stickman.
He poses as me.
It hurts my feelings.
You're Jack Jackoff aren't you?
Well Tarnation, how the fuck could you tell?
I changed my hair.
Sorry.
I- Pippito, can you stop letting complete strangers into our satellite room that for some reason is still the government feet of the Senate building?
Yeah, I can't do that for you, sorry.
I just would love to point out once more that I'm a dog and the things you asked me to do are kind of crazy.
But you took the job.
I'm a dog.
Could you just keep Jack Jack, Craig?
Could you keep Jack Jack off out?
I'm going through here.
He did come. He just walked through that hallway.
Oh, so don't let him.
Yeah, don't.
Don't?
I think that's all the time we have for today.
Yeah, I got stuff to do.
What do you have to do?
I gotta host this show.
No, the show's over now.
I gotta end the show?
Okay, you end the show then.
Oh, no, you're busy ending the show.
Looks like that's all the time we have for today.
But Danksauce is currently streaming.
I know that because my dog instincts are telling me it.
Not because I can read.
Thanks for hanging out.
We'll be back on Tuesday, no, Monday.
Oh, tomorrow? Are you doing it tomorrow?
I just have to, I probably have to do it in the afternoon.
The only reason I won't do it tomorrow is if a bunch of work comes in.
A bunch of editing work.
But I think I should be good to do a little game stream.
If not, we'll have to do it this weekend.
But you'll know if I appear.
But I'll definitely be back on Wednesday and Friday.
Because we do what? What do we do, Pepito?
Monday for Monday, three day, two day?
Monday, Wednesday, Friday.
I was pretty close.
Okay, well, um, play a rap beat?
No, no, no, no, no, let's not.
Oh man.
Well, what do we do while this raid happens?
I just sort of have to hang out.
You should have let me rap.
Okay, my bad.
Actually, I don't really want to.
I want a croon.
I want to be a crooner.
Whoa, what the fuck?
I'm just hitting buttons now.
Oh, the crowd hates what you do.
What?
They hate it when you don't give me what I want.
Give me food, they're saying.
Where did this crowd even come from?
They just came in through the office.
Crack.
Crack, did you just push Pepito out of the way?
Uh, uh, uh.
Okay.
That's all the time we have.
Things are falling apart.
Pepito, get it together.
My bad, I hit all the buttons.
I'm going to go eat all the stuff in the fridge.
Have a great rest of your day, everybody.
Bye bye.
Are they gone?
No, you didn't end the stream.
Oh, how about now?
You have to hit the button.