There we go. Hello everybody
Good to see you all it is news time
It's news time. We got a big one today. We got new emotes finally filled up all the slots
We even have old emotes in there everything, but Tristan made it back
Good to see all mr. Whoopie boo boo
Giggle goblin j money Apple Dappel uncle Phil 2k Ray silvis of Ricci Greg to you
others probably
All of you appreciated for being here Steve good to see you a freak off if it's a Freddy freak or off
I'm fine with it, but I feel like that term has been co-opted in recent days
To me and less good things
Bundlesprout good to see as well. See if he loves you a
Creamy freak off we can't guys we can't do freak offs right now. You got to give it a
Decade
Until somehow it becomes
Not associated
Now they have to be funk offs. We are cooking today. We're cooking today
I have to do a Joe Rogan as I've been threatening to all week. That's that needs to happen today
Feel like I'm forgetting something else we got a new sub goal
That's lengthy just so we don't have to do it right away
Tristan teachers have banned it in their classrooms the freak off
Across the nation teachers have banned the freak off funk off could mean more things and stink but that might be part of it
I don't think a freak off would smell very good
Anyway, we'll be in the kitchen in a minute. I have to wait for Kendall to wake up
She's taking a nap and I think Jeb needs a kitchen assistant
You might get some Jeb doll in the kitchen if we're not careful
Depending on how snap cameras feeling today. I guess they do today ban words
And I mean I guess you have to ban words in classrooms certain words
Freak off though. I'm just saying don't do a freak off. You can say the term freak off
I don't want to Voldemort the term freak off the at the movies trigger didn't go off. Oh, did I not load?
No, I didn't load my streamer bot. That means all of my little pre-stream things didn't happen
Just a second
We'll rectify it all
It'll all be fixed. I'll trigger it for you
We can also go to the movies
We can make it all happen just a second. Papito's gonna let us know that we're live actually
I'm
Whoa, and we're going amongst the web
Let's see. Where's all of my
I'm papito. I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live. Good to know good to know papito
Yeah, we also got a movies
What did I even call that? Oh my god? I have a way too much. This has gotten absurd
This has gotten frickin nuts
Let me show you guys this
Let me show you what world let's pop the hood on this stream for a second. This is crazy
I don't think it's gonna reveal. Let me make sure there's no incriminating information on here
No, there's not we're good
When I work I'm showing you guys the back
I'm showing you guys the engine of this thing this streamer bot
Look at this craziness. I don't even know what I'm looking at and I made it
All of these are all these are drop downs with way too many frickin things in them
15 actions for the Colin show
35 actions for Candyland 13 actions just for cheese
This is too much. What have I done to myself?
It's too much chat
You got a scallop back to the good old days when this was but a simple humble Sim City stream
How am I overloading it? It's streamer bot seems like a pretty low-impact program. It's all like
pretty simple C++ sort of stuff the thing that does overload the stream sometimes is a
Turning on an AI voice
So some depending on how the program is feeling that sometimes resource-intensive, but usually it's not
Okay, anyway, I have to remember. I
have to remember
also
channel points
one second
There this should activate our little behind the scenes are a little back guys
It's a disaster when I don't remember to turn on my
Streamer bot before I start streaming. This is not your 47th favorite live stream. I'll take it man
I'm finally cracked the top 50. That's huge for me
Segment alerts. That's what I called all that. Okay
All of that was because I couldn't find this
Check this out
Boom the movies we're coming there, too
Okay, now we're good now. I can officially pop off
All right, let's do a little bit of news. We got a lot of segments to get to maybe we'll just do one story today
In fact, let's try to decide what story to do
It's flash pull it. I only have time to do one. Let me throw in RFK stuff
Oopsie wrong one RFK stuff
That's my that's my addition to this flash pull exclamation point. Oh, you can tell me what story we can fill out
Is that segment say, you know giggle goblin? I don't know what you're talking about
Fortunately, I kind of have no idea what you're talking about
Hmm come that could win, but I don't know a
yuck story
Or September
How do I cover September this news? Oh my
And as usual I've overloaded the screen
You look September it's gonna win, but I don't know how to cover that I've trained what
How do I do a September story? Can you help me out here? Do you know?
What the hell is up with the hype train?
That's not right
Goddamn it hype train this train seems kind of loud today
There we go turn them down a little bit. It's September right now
I guess I don't have to cover the September story cuz it's always September in September
What's up?
When we spawn hype train right now
You managed it
And this is what it looks like
Oh
It sure does look like this
September covers the story
September might look a little different than we're used to but uh we can try that we got September to talk about our fk
Hi, I'm trying to do today
Not good. No fucking amazing. Oh
He molted
Are you malting hype train?
Yeah, I can molt
I'm malting
Oh, that's what that looks like. Yep
Well, thanks for all the subs hype train. Can you do the thing that you're ostensibly here to do and thank people for their generous
Support of this stream
Generous support of this train case is actually how that works
Stop taking credit for all of my hard work
Dilemma thank you so much for the hundred bits Uncle Phil 2k
100
100
100
Bits
Apple Apple 100 bits Archangel
20 months
20
20
We also got
20
Maybe the brain give another community sub
Thank you so much
Oh also
Okay, and that's it
Oh
What's wrong that I think parts supposed to be
You're blowing in place
You're blowing in
Oh, I am
Maybe they were on at some point, but now they're off
Okay, sick. Well, we'll get into it hype train you stay alive in the corner
What stay alive in the corner? We probably need to do news news. I have to figure out
What September currently it looks like
Oh
Oh my god, he's too alive
I'm at level 2 right now
You're just gonna blow me off to do the news
Don Johnson, thank you so much for gifting the tier 1 sub
We love to see it
Hmm, September
What does a September look like
Hmm, that might not quite show up
Okay, this seems we'll see if this shows up
Let's do a little bit of news with possibly a translucent creature
We'll find out together. Let's see what's up
It's still let them take it from you
Um, uh, hey, um
Uh, our top story
Uh, wrong one
Um, uh
A muzzy doesn't do French now
It looks a little bit different
Google goblin, I think you might, we might have to
Just gotta stay a little more on topic
I hate to time people out but I cannot tell what you're talking about
Let him do, let him let him cook
Uh, September the calendar chameleon
Are you September? Yeah
Uh, what are we? Huh?
You don't have to panic, everything's fine
You don't have to stay totally on topic
I just mean I have no idea what you're talking about
I do, um, stuff
Good guess, yeah, uh, okay, well
Hmm, RFK Jr. responds to Olivia Nuzzi
Can we say that? Affair?
Can we say affair?
Who the huck is Olivia Nuzzi? Let's find out together
In fact, let's do my favorite thing
Just type in YouTube, who is Olivia Nuzzi?
Oh, looks like Mr. Beast, oh yeah, the leaked HR document
Who is Olivia Nuzzi?
News about Olivia Nuzzi from the New York Post
The finest of sources, let's see what's up
Oh, whoa, ah
Whoa, wow, okay
Well with him? You don't know about Olivia Nuzzi?
31 year old engaged, admitted a statement
The nature of some communication between myself and former RFK
Should have been disclosed to prevent the appearance of a conflict
Nuzzi penned a 23 profile of Kennedy
They were hiking, but that's where he has the weirdest stuff
Mr. Kennedy only met Olivia Nuzzi once in his life for an interview
Which yielded a hit piece, what?
Huh? Kennedy's been married
I mean, haven't we all?
Have you been married?
I mean, ah, what's that on your head?
What do you mean?
I thought she was having sex with him too from the various headlines
But maybe we've all been misled by the news
Well, but did you know that Mr. Kennedy only met Olivia Nuzzi once in his life?
Is what he said?
We also just saw that in a video
Kennedy 70 partially suspended his independent run for the White House in August
And a sense endorsed Donald Trump
Did you know about that?
Yes
Are you sure you're September?
Yeah, I'm a guy that sings about the math
No, months, yeah
Nuzzi 31 said in a statement to the New York Times that some communications between myself, not me
That's a quote, I track
Between myself and a former reporting subject
Oh, no!
That's fine, that's an automated graphic
Are we safe?
Sure
Okay
Anyway, there they are
I think they look like a lovely young couple
Really?
I don't think you can't say young about the full couple
They look young and in love
That's what happens when the train is ignored?
Yeah, maybe
Look at them, you're gonna...
Can't we celebrate love?
What are you...
Talking to Tyler right now?
I don't know, you cared about love, September?
I'm a...
During the time I did not directly report on the subject
Nor use them as a source
She said during the time that they were being inappropriate
The relationship was never physical
But it should have been
Disclosed to the appearance of a conflict
I deeply regret doing so immediately
And apologize to those I've disappointed
Especially my colleagues at New York
The whole city?
No, the magazine I think
A spokesperson for Kennedy has been contacted
For further comment via email
Nuzzi has been contacted for comment via email
Nuzzi did not name Kennedy in her statement
But journalist Oliver Darcy reported in status
That the relationship in question was with Kennedy
Citing a person close to Nuzzi
According to status, it did not begin until
After the profile she wrote of him was published
In November last year
And there she is again
That's fun, what a fun story
Kind of a boring story actually
It's just a journalist that was like sexting a...
Well, surprising that anyone would sext RFK
Although I guess he's rich and...
I guess debatably influential
Oh come on, he's a big influence on me
He loves animals
He loves to turn animals into corpse pranks
What?
It's just not that scandalous
I'm of course pro celebrity affairs
That's why I immediately forgave Dave Grohl
How could you...
What he did?
What do you think he did?
He's P. Diddy?
No, he had an affair
Oh, that's bad too
Well anyway, I don't think an RFK
Having an affair is the worst thing about him
I think he's just more of a general creep
For instance, he basically admitted to
Sexually harassing a babysitter that worked for him
He got Olivia Nuzzi to be his babysitter?
No, there goes my hero
Yeah, he warned us
There goes my hero
Watch him eat a ghost
Eat a ghost
Eat a ghost
Yeah, that's probably how that goes
A Kennedy doing anything with a woman?
Isn't big news by now?
That's kind of supposed to be their thing
Dave Grohl impregnated RFK by text
Okay, now you're spreading misinformation
September, I'm so nervous
I'm trying to camouflage
You're kind of doing a bad job
What? It's just your face
And only parts of it
Huh?
No one can see me right now
Can salamanders do camouflage?
Isn't that a gecko thing?
Which Kennedy is his dad?
Leon? S. Kennedy?
No, I think it's Robert Kennedy, right?
Why is Robert Kennedy Jr?
That's the news for now
You're done? That's the whole news about it
I guess you're right, actually
Yeah, I mean, I don't know, they sexted
Maybe they did more, but how are we to know?
Also, do we care?
That's sort of fun
Is it fun? Yeah, I don't know
Damn, I don't even know if it's fun
Maybe it's fun, but I don't know
I gotta go
I'm nervous now
I was nervous the whole time
Oh, man, this didn't go well
It was fine
I'm so sorry
For what?
What do you mean, too?
You read enough? You read pretty much the whole story
Oh, whoops
That's what I wanted
That's all the time we have, we'll see you soon
Low tier Tyler, 21 months
Yeah, we love to see it
Thank you so much for all the support
All the best heroes you eat ghosts
Maybe September is onto something
Or whatever that was
I guess he just was nervous so he couldn't show off his usual look
Someday, do you want to see?
Do you want to see?
See if I can find the actual September costume online
Spoiler alert
Oh, I did, let's see how much it is
Let's, maybe this is the sub goal we really need
It's $110
I don't know if that's worth it
$110 for this guy
But there it is
Believe it or not, when we bought it, it was not $110
Back in 2014 or whenever the hell September was happening
It's worth it
Then I have to have this whole fraggle suit
Or I guess I get to have this whole fraggle suit
It was worth it for Puffy Bear, but I can't make a whole video about
This fraggle costume
September spoilers was just this fraggle costume
Which, when you search fraggle costume, did come up immediately
Let's see, is there a cheaper version of this?
Whoa, Muppet history
What's with this X account?
Here's the other Google hit for fraggle rock costume
Fraggle rock costumes released in 2010
No thank you, well that we just dated when I got this I guess
Look, it's September, it's whole family
I'll try to wake you up when September ends
But maybe I'll be too depressed
Wow, it does not look like there's a...
Really all I need is the head
All I need is the... Holy shit
I could get September's wife
Looks like this is also available on eBay
We got a debate demanded as well
We got a full docket today
The dock is looking full
I don't want to say dock on Twitch actually
I think it's a bad term
Look at this
Just a decapitated September's wife
Can you have Salazar do amongst the web?
We sure can, why not?
October, yeah this could be his cousin October
Although this looks like it envelops your head more fully
Dock is banned now, dock is... well
Yes, but not that dock
Yes and no
Bito, how are you doing today?
Get out of there
Uh oh, oh there's Pepito
What, I was just hanging out with September
He's still here, he's just invisible
He looks pretty visible every time I see him
You're the only person who logged into the student meeting
and my name is on the big screen at the forum
Like a...
Like the forum at the school, like a big public venue
Just celebrate your... your moment in the sun
Change your name to something crazy
Like Poop Robert
That's the craziest name you can come up with
Yeah, cause it's like Robert
But Poop Robert
That would be not... and his name's not even Robert
It's gonna blow everyone's mind
The auditorium, Jess Me
I'm so sorry
You are the blood sacrifice this auditorium requires
Okay, what should we do first? We gotta debate
We gotta go amongst the web, we gotta do the movies
Let's do the movies first, cause it was technically requested first
Let's send it down to our boyfriend Trent
Hanging out with Poop Robert
Or Chris, either one
We'll see what's... we haven't watched the trailer in a minute so
There's probably a nice backlog
Let's find out what's going on at the movies
The Poopoo Pee Pee Man Movie Trailer
Damn, did you... did you pluck that movie from my Minescape?
That was a screenplay I actually considered writing a couple years ago
Back when I was eight
You know when I was eight years old
A couple years ago you mean like 30 years ago?
No, a couple years, Chris
Cause you hate teenagers
Well, I mean we'll watch it, fucking
We'll definitely watch that
Yeah, I mean I'll watch the Poopoo Pee Pee...
Poopoo Pee Pee Man Movie Trailer
It's probably in here
Amongst the web
Oops, wrong one
That's the wrong thread
Trailer that, trailer Thursdays
Okay, Poopoo Pee Pee Man
While we have been derelict in our duties
There's also Captain Power and the Soldiers of the Future
Let me just search this really quick
Poopoo Pee Pee Man Trailer
Thank you, The Jacket, I do appreciate the new jacket
Do you mean the 2024 film, Poopoo Pee Pee Man?
From 824 I'm assuming?
Does... I think it's actually EH-24
Probably one of their subsidiary studios
Oh yeah, the classic studio EH-24
Alright
That's it, we found it, great news
Let's enjoy the power of Poopoo Pee Pee Man
Movie Trailer
Toronto Police are investigating after two separate disturbing incidents
Details are emerging of a disturbing crime
And the weapon of choice will turn your stomach
If you are squeamish the details of this story may be difficult to hear
I was definitely traumatized, I'm very disgusted by this very low-v act
Wait, is this a documentary?
This is a real?
Oh my god, it's real
Stop, what the hell?
They're following him doing it?
Can I show this?
They're calling you
This is gonna be good, man
But I'm freaking out a bit
It's disgusting
I'm torn, man
I wanna believe it's real
Mitch, thank you so much for the follow
I had to stay for the full sound effect at the end there
Could it be real?
I mean, why would they have slo-mo shots of him doing it?
I'm pretty sure
Oh, you missed your chance to s-
Oh wait, no you didn't
It's in Toronto, September 26
It's in Ottawa, October 1
And Vancouver, October 15
We just gotta make a little road trip
I'm not going to fucking Canada to watch the Poo Poo Pee Pee Man movie
It did happen?
Were those dramatic recreations?
Let's do a little investigative reporting
Poo Poo Pee Pee Man
Movie about Toronto's most infamous peep and poo attackers
So that was a thing
Some guy was just throwing shit at people
I guess I shouldn't be surprised
Canada still allows hidden camera filming
for TV and movies
Is that the guy?
Did they just let him run around throwing shit on people?
Oh, it's a dramatization
So the Poo Poo Pee Pee Man still at large?
Well, we have to watch the film to find out
Well, if it's a thing that happened, we don't
We can just look it up
Mmm, the Poo Poo Pee Pee Man
I don't know if the news called him the Poo Poo Pee Pee Man
Exclaim magazine here
Has some details on this
I'd show this to you, but
We're not set up for it
In 2019, Toronto found itself in a shitty situation
When a man traveled to university campuses
across the country and dumped buckets of liquid feces
on unsuspecting students
That's a prank
Are we really going to be mad at someone
just for doing a prank?
That's full-on assault with shit
That's shit assault
That does not fall under prank
There's TikTokers that do this to millions of views
And now a lot of them are running for office
I've never heard of that
It's because you're not up on the times like me
Sorry to interrupt our regularly scheduled
movies for news, but
I am curious
Toronto police arrested and charged a man
after recent attacks using buckets of feces
Samuel Apoku, 23, dubbed
Pee Pee Poo Poo Man
Shit, I had his name backwards
Exhausted students with no brain capacity
left to think of anything better
That's who came up with it
Was charged with five counts of assault
with a weapon and five counts of mischief
Wait, you can get arrested for mischief?
Fuck
The man had made rounds at York University
over the past weekend
Prior to his arrest
he was expected
Well, whatever he's doing
stuff is expected to rival at Ryerson
would have completed the unsettling trifecta
So they caught him before he could claim his last victim
His journey will live on as one of the strangest
what-if stories in Ryerson history
Tell his arrest, students waited anxiously
for a potential attack on campus
While his reign was short, it was terrifyingly effective
and something that students will likely never forget
Definitely if someone dosed me with shit
I would remember that
and that's why I hate my boy, Strank
Why does every boyfriend you have
have a name that starts with a hard
with an S and then a hard consonant
What, my boy skis, my boy Strank
my boy Spap
Spap? Well anyway, I hate my boy Strank
because he just dosed me with shit
like six or seven times
and eventually I had to be like
we can't go to church groups together anymore, man
That sounds awful, man
That does sound awful
That's assault
You got assault and I'm sorry that that happened
you, Strank
Dude, it was a prank
Maybe you're in denial, man, that sounds bad
It was a fucking prank, dude
I'm not gonna get all bent on a shape
just because I got really sick for like two months
really sick
twice
Strank's a good dude, I should call him
Don't call Strank back
He's a criminal
You haven't forgiven your girl
You find a girl that dumps shit on you
and you still love her
That's a relationship for the ages
Oh man, that's just a bad relationship
Nah, dude, you ain't loyal
You ain't loyal like me, I'm gonna call Strank up
Don't call Strank
Wonder what Strank's doing
Let's check out Crazy House
This is from 2004
Crazy House
It's got Nick Frost and Alicia Silverstone
What?
Yeah, let's see what's up
This house is crazy
Sorry about that
You gotta get this bitch
What can I do you for?
This fix no problem
This is not what I wanted
Fuck too many cooks
This is soaked water
That's great, but
You make it stop
Kill them all
Try to be a good Christian
Out of my house
Forgive me for what I'm about to do
That is this normal
What?
Test the limits of taste
We're really testing the limits of taste today
Finally, a movie that's not woke
Crazy House is taped in front of a live studio audience
Oh gosh
What a mess
I'm offended, I am offended
I don't know why, but they told me to be
So I definitely am
I'm fucking pissed
Whoa, what the hell
You are right up there
What is going on today with
One second
What?
What the hell?
What I'm firing
Are you a cookie man?
Dude, I'm offended now because of that
This is wild and pulls no punches
There is just a cookie man on this stream
That's insane
I was that offensive
I don't know man
It's wild and pulls no punches
And pushes the limit of taste
What you just did
Being a cookie man?
Yeah
A gingerbread man?
Nah, he's a cookie man
I think it was a gingerbread man
So you know
So you do know
Okay, maybe a gingerbread man was
Dropping off my car keys
Why are you hanging out with a gingerbread man?
Why are you hanging out with Strunk
Or Strank or whatever his name is?
Name is actually Richard
What's he just calling that?
I don't know man
Try not to dox him
That's why I can't say his last name
Which is Strunk
Alright, well you just fully doxed him
What?
I said the name separately
Pirate Yakuza
What?
Wait, this is a six minute trailer?
Oh for a game
Wait a minute
The game Yakuza but pirates
Alright, we might skip around in this a little bit
Because it's six minutes
But let's give it a shot at least
That would be the best ass to eat
Why is the lips thing so often?
It looks like it was macho
What he was saying is not a weird delay
Oh dude, that tattoo is gonna
Get a sunburn on it
It's like I'm watching a movie
That is a ton of tattoo
None of this could be cut
That does look like Sora, damn
What the hell?
This is how pirates are?
Sorry, sometimes I'll read them for you
Guess I was just really nervous
Sorry, sometimes I'll read them for you
Guess I was just real grateful for the drink
In all my life, water never tasted so damn good
He asked me even the best booze couldn't have topped it
Then a peculiar little
I'll just move the screen up
Still hard to read, sorry
It's a bit hard to read
It's a bit hard to read
It's a bit hard to read
It's a bit hard to read
You're not even sure
How do you feel?
How do you feel?
How do you feel?
I feel like
I'll be smashed in the eye
This guy is pretty good
I'm not gonna forget
I'm not gonna forget
I'm not gonna forget
simulator. Okay, now they're getting into it. This is all gameplay. Run for it, not Sora.
Okay, this is... let's just jump to the end. There you go. You became a pirate.
Stuff happened. I don't want to spoil the middle. I want to spoil the end.
Great, they all became pirate pals.
Samoa Joe's in there? God damn it, I skipped Samoa Joe. Is that Samoa Joe? Just played by Samoa Joe.
Okay, I give up.
That's the trailer. Featuring somewhere in there, like Samoa Joe, maybe as a little lion creature?
I don't think Samoa Joe speaks fluent Japanese, so unless he does, I honestly don't know.
He's a man of many talents. Let's do one more trailer. That one was sort of a six-minute confusing
story drop, I guess? Well, look, as Chap pointed out, it's not a QZ game if there's not like a long
ass trailer and you're like, what the fuck is this? And then somehow you still end up playing it for like
three weeks straight. Hmm, well maybe it's for kids. I don't know if it is. It's a confusing
franchise. It's for a specific person that it turns out there's a ton of. Ajima storylines are
always a bit off kilter. Yeah, I'll pick that up. Anyway, I'm excited to play as
Man Who Befriend Sora in Simba, but not. Yeah, Kingdom Island Mafia. Yeah, Kingdom Island Mafia.
Let's see what the Squid games are up to though. There's a T-Zor. Oh yeah, this is getting a sequel.
Yep, we needed it and we were good, so we got it. Let's see.
Oh, there's Steel Gaming. Real gamers never die. Damn, he's got to play again.
I guess he kind of has an unfair advantage. He's already beaten the game once. Now he's
essentially doing a speed run. Nobody else even stands a chance.
Watch the Yakuza trailer for the Amazon Prime show. Okay, let's end with that.
We've got a strong Yakuza theme for the day. Yakuza Amazon Prime trailer.
It has a lot to live up to though. Will it even have Sora with a lion in it?
This was a month ago, but we I don't think ever watched it. Wait, Prime Video Brazil.
Like a dragon. I feel like... Okay, here's the real one. All right.
But there was somehow loaded six fan trailers before the real one. Let's see what's up.
But we did watch it. We saw this. How did this leave no impression on me?
A new one came out today. Okay, let's check out that one then. I feel like we did not watch it,
but we probably did. Hey, dead, let's get to see it. This one's more of an AMV than a trailer.
Okay, shit, I blew it. You didn't get to see him walk out with a cool tattoo.
But there's a scene at the end of that trailer where he has a tattoo.
Like a dragon Yakuza trailer. But today, please, Internet.
They do. I've heard that they have tattoos. So I kind of know what's up.
Today? I'm not seeing this.
Like a dragon pirate Yakuza in Hawaii, Masaru's Love Journey Live Action Footage.
What? This isn't what you're talking about, but what is this?
That just came up. Was that a porn? Shit, was that a porn?
I don't know. I don't see a trailer for this. I feel like the Internet doesn't want me to see it.
So we'll end with a different thing, I guess. I'm going to count that as the trailer.
Wow, so many high quality films to choose from. It did look a little like porn.
You saw it at Softcore? Well, support your local Softcore porn industry.
Damn, you know, I forgot what time of year it is. I like haven't really missed that many big trailers.
For getting into the stuff, it's that awkward period where they're not quite promoting stuff for
Christmas yet. So you're getting all these weird like movies that come out in January trailers.
Heretic? All right, fine. Let's, eh, John Claude Van Dan.
He's still doing stuff. Devil May Cry. Let's do Devil May Cry, whatever.
Anime with gun, please. Let's end with this. We can absolutely do that. Propaganda.
His name Dante. What kind of work do you do exactly? The cool kind. Demon hunting. Oh,
shit. A cool bunny guy. That's twisted. When even the bunnies are demons. That's a fucked up world,
man. I agree, dude. It's nothing sacred even the bunnies is demons. Exactly.
Yeah, I've played since four. I don't think I've played since two. But two is a classic.
See, how do you claim to be young? You play Devil May Cry two. It was on my uncle's PS2 in the
basement. So I played it. Trailers back in the 40s and 50s used to be a whole different vibe.
Sometimes they used to be features. There would be cartoons and newsreels playing.
That's kind of what we got with Yakuza is a new style of trailer where it's six minutes long and
there's really long shots. And you're like, what? The new style.
The cutie demon. Yeah, that's fine, I guess. Well, shit. All right. Oh, great news, everybody.
Dr. Disrespect is live playing Black Myth Wukong. Still apparently the number two streamer on YouTube.
So Trent seems to be plugging him. I'm not plugging him. It's just for some reason
Otto suggested that to me. So YouTube's still kind of pushing that guy. Good to know. All right.
Long enough for us. Can we raid YouTube? No, and you shouldn't. Yeah, I probably shouldn't
raid that guy. You do seem like maybe you're in the strike zone of his fan base, Trent.
He's still demonetized. He has been demonetized. Demonetized and demonized. Yeah, because he
Well, we all know why we don't need to get into that. I'm not supporting him. I'm just reporting
the facts that he is currently streaming to a lot of people. Surprisingly, it's not,
unfortunately, that surprising. Would love to be surprised by it. Instead, I'm not.
Okay, well, look, that's probably the time we have that is justice for Clem. Look, Clem is
I don't know where he went. None of us know. Oh, yeah, there's a new the other guy has an
emote now, but he'll never be the other guy. That's true. The other guy will never be the other guy.
That's just how it is. But in fact, we're done now because what that is is not what it is,
but y'all know what it is. All right, we'll see you later. Bye bye. Clem is dead. There's no
telling. He still has an emote. I could get rid of that emote and really kill him.
If I want to be cruel. Yeah, kill him. Whoa, Papito. Kill him. Let me come bring him back.
No, he'd be dead. Yeah, kill him. You know what death is? No.
But I instinctually want to eat poison. So I have the instinct to
do whatever that means. Eat delicious poison. Is that death? Because I keep doing it.
And I stay really cool. Yeah, okay. I guess you're fine. Yeah. He's traveling. I think
he is traveling the astral plane. I don't know. Can't keep tabs on him. He's a man of mystery.
Okay. We want to talk to September about soft core porn. Yeah, sure. Let's just do that real quick.
And then we'll do this debate. Back in the studio and still hiding it's September.
Oh, man, I don't, I don't like it. You don't like soft core porn? Oh, man.
I don't know. What do you like about it? Well, why is it cord? Why is it cord? What's core about it?
I think core is sort of like a standing for genre. They soft genre porn. Why is it soft?
Um, well, because there's no
for penetration. Oh, well, then where do you put your stuff? What if you can't put it into the thing?
Where does it go? It's they're faking. They're simulating sex. No.
You'd rather they were having sex. No. What do you want them?
Jello? Sorry, you don't want hardcore porn or soft core porn. You want Jello? Yeah.
Yeah. Do you have any? No. No. What the fuck is wrong with this thing? That's a question from chat.
And I think it's very fair. I don't I don't know. I feel bad though. I do have a tummy ache
because of all that Jello I ate. Pepito eats weird stuff here. You can't steal Pepito's thing.
Jello's in some porn. I'll watch Jello porn. What was that? I don't mean to shame Jello.
I just don't have any. Well, then I have no reason to be here. That's true. I did a good job.
At what? That's I guess, man. I don't know. Am I still gonna get paid? Oh, whoa. Were you expecting
payment? Oh, man. Did I find that I not sign a contract? No. Oh, I'll give you five bucks.
Oh, don't eat Pepito. I wasn't. Okay, you got to get out of here. Oh, give it some. I don't have any
Jello. Yeah, maybe you do though. Give me a finger. Okay, you're just a monster. I knew this all
along. You're some kind of weird monster. No. Come on, give me a finger. That's not Jello.
Maybe there's some Jello in it. All right. He does have Candyland vibes. Just get out of here.
Okay, thanks so much for the five dollars. I'll come get it later. No, take it on the way out
and don't come back. I'll come get it later. Thanks, everybody. Thanks, Locopuppet, for the Jello.
21 months of Jello. Thanks so much. Bye-bye. I think he might be a dog eating monster.
Josh, thank you, Locopuppet, though, for the 21 months of subs.
I don't even know what Jello is. Jello made from human bones.
Oh, yeah. Yeah. Trotter point. Yeah.
Okay, we got a lot to get through today. I got to make non-Jello related foods later.
Or make Jello. You know, actually, we were at the store earlier and I think Kendall said,
can I get Jello? So there's a chance I do have Jello. Wow, you've just straight lied to him.
They've kind of gotten outnumbered. Yeah, he is. So watch your back. Whoa, what does that mean?
Watch your back. I just protected you from getting eaten. Or you stopped me from tasting
a mouth from the inside. So big mistake. That doesn't sound good. To you. We need a
late night Papito talk show. Make it happen. It's about time I shared these unfiltered thoughts.
For instance, did you know rope exists? Yes. Oh, somebody's playing the know it all the day.
Yeah, you're discussing vor. I don't, you're vorring me to death. So feed me to a mouth so I
can eat it. A mouth eating itself, but I'm the most mouths. All right, Papito, you're
becoming cosmic and unsettling. Let's do a debate. And we'll go amongst the web and then we'll end off
with this weird kitchen segment where I didn't get the stuff to make the cream of mushroom soup.
Honestly, because I felt like I didn't want to waste that much food.
But Kendall wants to make a thing. We got the stuff to make air fryer s'mores and we got
the stuff to make frozen salad, which should be disgusting. So we'll get to that later. But
for now, let's see what much and crema are up to. It's time for them to say the stuff at each other.
I can play this shit on the guitar. No problem. Who you got chat? That's the question that you
always have to be asked and asking, who do you really have? Who do you stand for?
Maybe they stand for me today. And maybe I'll deliver some sweet points to them.
Yeah, you would like that. You're trying to trying to influence the vote to be on your end
because people want to win sweet, delicious points. You're the one who set this system up.
Wildly influencing our debates even more so. Now they're just going to be about people winning
points instead of about the really honestly pretty impressive points I make on the fly.
You think anything you've ever said is impressive? Yeah.
Yeah, I do. I stand by what I say and I stand up for what I say. And I stand real tall. I get
on a ladder and then I do a fucking swan ton off that ladder into excellence, killing my opponent
as soon as my shoulders touch their stomach. So you would perform the swan ton incorrectly and
damage your wrestling partner. No, I wrestle for real. I'm in an all real pro wrestling league
in my mind where every move kills my opponent. And that's the level of viciousness I bring
to debating. That's what it takes to be the best. And that's why I am. He sort of fully insane
right away. Let's look back and see what we're even debating. What who did the better Harry Potter,
Daniel Radcliffe from the movie or Tom Attenborough from the console game? I think we might need to
see a clip of Harry Potter from the console game. Harry Potter, Tom Attenborough. Because I've never
seen it. You're not even familiar with... Wait, isn't that Tom Attenborough from the console game?
The Chamber of Secrets prisoner of Azkaban. Looks like he's Lord Voldemort in the movies.
Oh, great. Everybody thinks you're going to win. Well, sorry to disappoint you haters,
but never. Well, I mean, I might and then they'll get points.
I think you'll get poison points. You'll fill up your cup, your chalice overrunneth with
disgusting poison. Okay, Tom Attenborough as Harry Potter. Surely I can find this somewhere.
Did he just do voice acting as Harry Potter game? Please? Please, someone ever recorded this?
Harry Potter. Okay, here we go.
Let's find Harry in this. Where is Harry? There he is. Look at Ron. What the hell is this?
Wait a minute. Why is there a wolf staring at him? What's going on here? The wolves are in the game?
That's what a monster supporter looks like. Dangerous wolf staring out over a mountain.
That's what a crumb supporter looks like. Just a glitchy weirdo in a newspaper.
Why is it shaking like this?
What's wrong with them?
Are they okay?
Ron, I overheard your dad talking about Sirius Black last night. The Ministry of Magic thinks
he's after me. All right, shit. Well, I need to see no more. Tom Attenborough,
Vasily Superior. He brought a tweaker energy to it, a depth to the character. He made the
bold choice for him to be a drug addict. You think he was on... The game was just glitching.
He wasn't on crack. No, I think he brought like a crack energy to it. He's like,
what if I explored the darker side of Harry Potter via addiction? I played it like this.
Hey, Ron, what are you doing, Ron? It's just the game glitching. Nah, man, that's a choice that he
made. They woke up those things and he convinced every other actor to do that as well. Anyway,
can someone make the poll? I'm burning through all my incredible points.
You're a crackhead, Harry. No, that was just... Well, look, he seemed to be doing a fine job, but
obviously Daniel Radcliffe is the superior one because he had a fully embodied character.
Save it for the debate, you fucking liar. Grow up. Grow a fucking tumor. Jesus. That's horrible.
Exactly. Imagine the last few. Look, my point is Tom Attenborough, not only did he play
Voldemort, meaning he's a triple threat. You're misunderstanding the term triple threat.
Not only did he play two parts of the Harry Potter, the good Harry Potter and evil Harry
Potter aka Snake Harry Potter aka Voldemort, he also, as I pointed out, brought an incredible
tweak or energy like sort of the main streaks of fucking Hogwarts. What's it like in the deep
city of Underbelly, where every one of these kids is addicted to fucking crank, snorting it out
of their wines? How does that work? They had a little like nail at the end of their wines.
They're constantly snorting all sorts of shit off their wines. They're tweaking out. They
don't even know what an Azkaban is. They think it's a dealer. They're going to get thrown
in jail by a bunch of fucking death guys that fly around and make them feel bad unless they
summon a glowing deer or some shit. They're already all fucking tweaked out. Everything
I just said is insane, but it's entirely the plot of every one of the books. You just sort of
haphazardly referenced in confusing terms some of the things that happened in one of the novels.
Look, obviously everything Munch of Shane is insane. The better one is not better, but he
had more of a job to do. He pulled it off for seven films. Daniel Radcliffe is who people
think of when they think of Harry Potter. It's an extremely deep dig to even bring up Tom Attenborough,
who most people probably don't even realize played young Voldemort. But you know, I'm not trying
to knock that actor. I think he's good as well. I'm just saying one person. It's like saying
who played Indiana Jones better, Harrison Ford or that one guy from the third one in the flashback?
The one guy from the third one in the flashback, he had to embody a young Harrison Ford? That's the
ultimate acting challenge. Stop the steal. No, look Daniel, continue to do the correct thing.
Search your heart. You know what to be true. If you think of Harry Potter, you think of Daniel
Radcliffe, you don't think of Tom Attenborough. That's just a wild statement to make and to
try to make the point. You had to just make a bunch of things up as usual and you wished
that I died from a tumor. Yeah, I did. I did all of that. And all of that proves that once again,
all of you are insane, except the ones who supported me, which was most of you. And of
course it was Stoneman. Well, I'll tell you the crazy fucking thing right now.
I win.
You just won't kindle up. No, it's not my fault that Kendall keeps her bed under our desk.
Well, congratulations on your ill gotten games chat. Assuming it works.
I've challenged the status quo. Did you even give out your points? Hold on tight.
Shoot, did my auto point giver not work? You burdened me with your question.
I have to deliver these points manually. My automated system didn't work. One second.
The things you do. The things you do. The things you do. The things you do. The things you do.
Manage prediction. Your twist details just give you away. The things you say.
That didn't work either. Unbelievable. What was so far from where?
How do I give out these points? I'm seeing the waveform. I'm not even close.
Is this the bridge? Please, Twitch. Work for me. I've got to set up
a bunch of stuff and I don't have enough lyrics to fill this. Is this the bridge?
Oh, the points were awarded. You just lied again. No, I don't think anybody got their points.
I don't think anybody got them. Sorry about that. No, it's literally saying the points were
awarded automatically as they were supposed to be. I was trying to extra to juice his misguided
supporters with extra points. Exactly. He's literally buying you people off. You're the
one who insisted this system be added to the stream. Yeah, so that people could vote
honestly before early voting essentially. It's just early voting. Are you anti-early voting? It
makes it easier for the voters. I thought that you, oh, more people need to be able to vote more easily.
No, it's just separate system where people just decide who they're going to vote for before
they've even heard what we're debating. Yeah, early voting. No, that's not the same thing.
It's basically the same thing. Everybody is agreeing with me.
Uncle Phil 2K, congratulations on getting points. You know what? I'll just say this.
Don't let your prediction influence you too much. Points will come and go,
but your integrity should never be up for sale. I think I nailed that out. Did you get...
Didn't you literally, when you were running for mayor, get a huge campaign donation from...
What's the place you made? You remember the name of the town you made...
Crunchin, you forgot. No, I remembered. You forgot the place you lived and are from.
I did not. Well, it's a shithole, exactly. Anyway, didn't you take a huge campaign donation from
Crunchin's biggest fracker and then there were those terrible earthquakes for the next six years,
completely destroying the town's infrastructure? Donovan P. Groundsmith is actually a local
businessman who happens to support a number of quadres that I agree with. So,
though some of his businesses are controversial, I actually support small businesses and
big ones and I'm proud to continue that. Didn't huge parcels of Crumpton sink into the earth?
Like a biblical apocalypse? Well, look, I mean, I'm proud of our recovery from those
uncontrollable events and I'm out of politics now. So, my legacy stands strong and
obviously everybody's got regrets. You're just trying to take the sweet taste of victory
out of my mouth as usual. Didn't you poison all of the water in your town multiple times,
bulldoze every school and hospital just to sneak out a few more citizens in your incredibly expensive,
un-rent-controlled, endless condos? Yeah, yeah, I did all that. Support of the local economy and
provided housing to the hard-working citizens of the nation's number one exporter of advanced
chemical water. Multiple Bowser attacks, I remember that as well. Look, we could both run through
our political record all day, but what we're here to talk about is the guy that played the snake
guy from Harry Potter and how he's actually a better Harry Potter than Harry Potter was.
And I think we proved that I was correct. We literally proved the option, the other side one
and that's one person's opinion of what happened in reality, but my opinion happens to be the
correct one and that opinion is that I love everybody in chat. All of you in chat are
the real heroes. This man hates chat. I'm actually pro-chat and I'm proud of you for working so
hard and so well all the time. I'm pro-chat. That's a nothing statement and I support our small
businesses even more than him. That's why I bought so many small businesses for a very low fee
over COVID when they were struggling. I supported them by purchasing them outright and that's why
I don't technically have to work anymore and nothing says American more than purchasing a
bunch of stuff so you don't have to work anymore and I'm proud to have done so. You just admitted
buying out a bunch of businesses, scalping all the money away from them during a catastrophe
anyway that's all the time we have. Stay real, stay out, stay steady, always voting for me because
you know it's the right thing to do and we'll see you soon. Bye bye everybody. Bye bye bye bye bye
everybody. You're, you can't, you can't steamroll me like that okay. You're being civil right up until
right up until the cameras roll. You were actually kind of being normal and then you just
right back to, I've told you you need to stop telling me that I'm gonna die. Oh whatever I
barely said that you were gonna die. Is your fucking mic on you psychopath? No, my button,
okay it's a little bit on. Oh it's a little bit on. Really? I came up here to let you all know
that AI voice says sometimes are being played over our outro and that that's not acceptable
and that I'm the new anchor, the case has been fired and today all the news is actually about
we're gonna talk about every new line of Air Jordan that's been released in the last 20 years
and that's what this show is about now. At cases using the bathroom, I'll be back in about two minutes.
Really? I thought maybe the chair was just up for grabs? No he's using the bathroom. Actually I'm
busy I gotta go but it's only because I got a place to be and everything I said is true. I'll
be back to reclaim my throne soon. I mean I don't care you can be the guy in the chair,
I don't you kind of all look the same to me. Sorry what happened Peter? Nothing. Were you dropping a
deuce? No sneaker talk, why would we do sneaker talk? Why wouldn't we do sneaker talk? I'm one of the
sneakiest of all. I can sneaker into anywhere. That's why I live in, sometimes I live in your
basement for a couple of months case. I don't have a basement. Where have I been sneaking into to live?
I think just some basement. But there's that big river of smelly, smelly water. You've been, it's a
sewer Pepito. Munch needs to update his resume. What did he do? I don't know, we probably didn't do
anything. Okay. Do you eat shoes Pepito? Yeah. How come you haven't eaten my shoes? I'm not gonna eat your shoes
gross but yeah I'd eat Moe shoes. What's wrong with my shoes? They've been on you.
Pepito is a ninja turtle? Yeah. More or less. I can see some similarities. Thanks for the stream.
I thank you man. Thanks for hanging out. Okay we got two more things to do. Crumbway
of Woken Kendall up temporarily with his laughing but she's back asleep. Will I be able to wake her
up to make food after this amongst the web? I don't know. But let's send it down there with
Salazar today I guess and then we'll get into the kitchen with Jeb. All right let's get amongst it.
Oh I look better than ever. I updated my suit. I have cool arms.
It's a new style that I've been working on. Yes. Let's see if these new things case made are working.
Hey they are. Way to go case. You made more unnecessary graphics.
Oh that's accurate yeah there's now. ATW specific graphics. Wow look at the things case does with
his free time. Yeah you know you gotta have behind the window graphics. Yes you don't but okay fair
enough you did it. Yeah I did those. Way to go. Really scratching yourself on the back.
No rubbing myself centrally on the back actually. Gross. Very gross what are we doing today. We're
looking at videos Salazar. Oh he said there's not news. You know it's debatable. Usually not but
it could be. What the fuck. I think it looks like my cousin. I have some pretty weird cousins.
Yeah that makes sense actually. Okay well let's see what we got in the tank for us.
Something in a parking lot. So hopefully something good. What the hell. This Leon Kennedy style
driving is dangerous. What. Why is he chasing him backwards. This feels like a rail gun sort of
situation. Is there a guy in the back with a pistol shooting sort of guys that pop out only
drives backwards. Wow you Americans are crazy. Now I see why Leon was like that.
The Unchidow better his family has a bad history with cars. They really do.
He can't see a lot of trouble. I don't think he didn't even really drive when he rescued the
president's daughter from your Spanish Transylvanian island. Yeah but he brought stuff he like got in
a big there's like a big truckie road. His license should be taken and also he should be murdered
and he's saying he probably should be murdered. Yeah probably that's would only be polite.
Even the things he's done to me get over it Salazar. It's been years. It's for me.
He's been like you took forever to beat the game case. He spent like three months.
Now I've been like six months ago. It's been years.
Maybe they're shooting a sequel to bow finger. OK in that case they get the pass. I've been waiting
for a bow thing but a bow finger sequel for decades and I am immortal so I can wait a long time.
You're immortal. I think why do you look so old.
I just have a silver fox. I was born with sexy white hair but I look basically like a baby.
You look really old. What. It's just I'm doing a treatment right now and there's bugs under my skin.
It makes me puffy. The treatment isn't that kind of your permanent physiology. No it's just a little
bug cleanse. I'm filled with bugs and they'll cleanse me and then I'll become a little lobster guy.
Oh you know there's a lot of extreme celebrity diets and stuff I guess.
What's speaking of diets here's a salad. Stop hogging all the food and give us some of your
scraps you dog. What. You got all that food give me some brother. Oh you're hungry are you. Yeah I'm
bloody starving. I'm eating out of bingy over there eating some gourmet pumpkin salad. Give me
some. That's nicely for it. I hand it over before I pick your face. All right relax I'll give you
a bit. Bon appetit. Oh he fucking got that guy. They're fucking gay. They say I refuse to feed
your gorilla for the same reason because animals are our natural enemies and they must be defeated.
You don't like animals. Listen crows and birds steal all of your little jewels and they hide them all
over your castle. It's very annoying. I don't think most birds do that. Maybe you're just
mistreating all the birds in your castle fiefdom. No birds. Everybody knows this. They steal all
your little jewels. They steal ammo and you can't get it back from them unless you straight up kept their
ass black black black. Birds aren't real. I wish I'd love to make that a reality. No more birds please.
This one's coming in at a high score. I agree. That was pretty good. You I'd give it a negative
hundred because it featured the bird. Oh I hate. I hate them all. You're kind of a hater. Yeah
and the murderer and the mutant. That's all accurate. In collaboration with Carnar for Art
We Are Excited presents an exclusive online event for sci-fi fantasy art fans and collectors. The sci-fi
and fantasy art week kicking off October 7th. This might be an ad but it's in here so let's see.
This is the kind of that I like. It's got no audio though but that's oh wait it got muted.
Sorry let's watch it again with the audio. Sorry about that. It got muted. Accurate.
Hashtag relatable. There's a creature showering in your in your castle and you try to prank them
and then they freak out and they kill all of the villagers. Pettit does have no chill. That was
surprisingly creepy. More unsettling than I expected. You know fun g4 story. Oh here we go.
Producer Ian wanted to make that I think he referenced that commercial specifically.
Like we should do stuff like this to promote the network coming out. Network launching. It'd be
good to promote the network launching right. And I was like yeah I'll write some of those so I wrote
like 15. This is right when I got to g4 and I was like what do they want me to do. I don't
even really know. I guess right. So I wrote like a bunch of commercials based on that and
like sports center commercials. Anyway needless to say we never shot any of them and there was no
promotion. Oh it had a happy ending. 8.38 for that classic.
Okay let's see your human pathetic attempts at physical excellence. You will never be anything
compared to our to our perfect carapace forms. But anyway let's see what this guy's got.
What is happening. Oh I think AI has maybe gone too far. I'm actually heavily invested in crypto
in various AI projects but even I'm like what's that. You're invested in crypto and AI.
Are you surprised. I'm an evil guy with a castle. I love the blockchain.
Still I still love the blockchain. I actually had a lot of people converted into NFTs.
What's that mean. I trapped their souls in the blockchain.
You know I sprayed a bunch of blood on a computer. That's not how that works. Pretty sure that's how
that works because those computers are straight up haunted now. Is that Kevin. Was that Kevin.
Not only did it feature kind of a gratuitous shot of that man's side bulge but
it followed it up with a bunch of incomprehensible AI. You know they take it back. I like it.
You guys are being haters. This is what progress looks like. This is what progress looks like.
All right that's your position. I'll put you in a position. Oh easy Salazar.
Or not friends like that. We could be. No thanks. Okay I can take no for an answer.
Don't love that face. Let's just keep moving along. Yeah she's getting.
He's getting horny today. Oh this is the freaking.
Of the freaking perfume guy. Jeremy fragrance. He's at it again.
Jeremy stop it. You have a girlfriend I thought. Oh Jeremy.
Jeremy don't you find. Oh those are the moves.
All right he's showing us how it's done fellas. That's how you do that.
Whatever that is that's how you do it. He's got some moves. I wouldn't kick him out of my fragrance
room. What's your fragrance room. It's where I store the most pungent odors created by the things
I've made. I'd put him in there. No feed me dying to be in there. He had nice hair.
I actually kind of thought it was Nick or Matt Jackson. One of the young bucks.
But it was Jeremy fragrance all along. He's a young buck out. He was bucking at the bed the bits.
And the person who submitted that. I can't. I love psychore too much.
But I will call psychore out for submitting that. We eat some important chicken with
Jeremy fragrance every once in a while chat. We can't have our meat and no vegetables.
Is he the vegetables. No he's the meat. I mean I know. This is from floor demand.
Let's see if floor demand can give us something jet likes a little bit more.
What. Oh he got starred up. I kind of want to say this at normal speed.
You want to see the original speed for that one. A little bit.
A little bit I do. Man I you know some of the thumbnails today I'm like oh no what are
we in for. Looks like we have six more. Let's just do them all. I support that kid. I support
that kid tweaking out. Lot of tweaking children today. Harry Potter now this kid. That's the early
form of the Rizzler. Who's the celebrity I learned about. From yesterday's Patreon stream. A celebrity.
A celebrity might be a stretch. But I didn't realize that there was a kid that's now famous just
for being a kid. I really couldn't tell what he was up to. I think he says like Rizzler or something.
I yeah I don't care enough to look into it but he was in a Mr. Beast video so. Wow he did it.
Okay anyway that was the Rizzler getting a power up. Yeah that's early Rizzler.
Hmm let's see what the robots are up to. Taking a closer look at a dramatic ace love
standoff where multiple shots were fired and one person was injured. 39 year old Felix
De La Rosa was wanted for parole violation. That's why officers tracked him to the hotel.
But when he fired shots they called in the Lubbock County SWAT team. At one point we saw and heard
him fire at a bomb squad robot. Take a listen. It sprayed tear gas into De La Rosa's hotel room.
Initially De La Rosa tried to fight the robot even throwing sheets of a look like towels at it.
But that didn't stop the robot from deploying gas. We watched as De La Rosa crawled out of that
window and on the ground where the robot pinned him until officers took him into custody.
Oh my god. Oh Jesus battle bots have turned on us. Oh we knew it would happen eventually.
It couldn't stay just a fun sci-fi and or CMT show. I don't know yeah I don't know what the
current home of battle bots is. It was like Spike TV or something for a while. But now the police
have taken over. Jesus that robot did get pissed. I kind of thought he beat it. The sheet trick works on me
as why I don't keep any sheets around my castle. I think I saw some sheets in that castle.
You've got cameras in my castle. Well Leon had cameras in your castle. That piece of
shit he's spying on me. He's a spy. No he's a secret. What is he? He's anti-zombie international
task force 9.71. Uh oh. It's MAGA fashion show time. Oh no. Are you sure you want to do this?
Actually wait this guy's got style. I like this guy's style. He looks like a go-getter. Let's see what
he's got. Oh say can you see they look great. They look great. They sound great.
Beautiful. Dramatic. Who's brought stripes. Ah that's nice. Look at that face on there.
She's got the castle in her dress. Yes I brought a drum.
Yes look at his jacket. I need this.
Okay they're repeating themselves a little bit.
That's mostly the flag there.
Okay that one has something. What the?
Okay look at this guy. Look at this guy.
Whoa he's pissed.
He's mad as like so excited to be there.
That was beautiful. I think my favorite style though was this guy.
This is see this felt the most honest to me. That one came in at a devastating point three six.
I feel like this is the most honest Trump fashion though. This is what I feel like a lot of them look
like. I don't get involved in American politics outside of donating large sums to both parties
to maintain political influence in the United States. I think that's getting involved in politics.
No but I do it to both parties so it's not politics when you're trying to be in charge of everyone.
I think that's still politics. No not the way I do it. And now
I guess I know. Good job chat you are rating these I'd say you're giving very appropriate ratings today.
Oh my god this is a real assault on the census. Today's amongst the net is sponsored by Pain.
Let's continue the pain train with this one.
Let's run with this.
Oh I hope you understand. Still political was that one political.
I would love I think we need to take political action against
whatever that was. You just started being a hater today. You don't like a sexy man.
This is what a sexy man looks like. I'm getting some text actually don't ignore me.
Getting some text actually sorry. Oh my god I got a text from the Fiona Nova.
What humble brag. Yeah guys sorry. Sometimes I get texts from the Fiona Nova. She still exists.
She does exist. I know insane. Rumors of her death were slightly exaggerated. She's still 10
percent alive. Oh my god. She's up from five. That was a two. All right but I think it was a 10.
He looked if you can look that good than an extreme close up and I think you're on to something.
Don't believe me. Look how good I look. Extreme close up. Please don't do that.
It was poo. It was poo. Okay one two three four four left. These are courtesy of live in
Sleazy. That last one also courtesy of live in Sleazy. Thank you so much for sharing that face
with us. I mean I'm happy about it. Let's see what these guys get. He's moving. He's grooving.
On White House you will drop just what and see. Wow I didn't know you had so many hot men on this
stream case. Yeah you know sometimes we check up those cute boy tiktoks.
That's what you just saw was cute boy tiktoks. Huge fan of those.
Yeah very good work. Sort of a Corey Feldman vibe. Classic Corey Feldman cute boy. Yeah a little bit.
Where were they? What is that? Wait what city were they in? Can I tell? Is that Singapore?
That was still political. We can't get away from politics today. Oh that was New Jersey.
I forgot. They've really been cleaning up Jersey lately. That is the worst lie of all
cases you've told on this stream. 3.21 come on we can find something for the people to love.
Oh no it's another Trump one. Listen okay politics it's politics season baby. What's every
four years we get the politics super bowl. So let's see what the Trumpies are doing again.
Is this the fashion show again?
Yeah show on whatever. Choose to be kind. No thanks. Oh he's giving it the nervous laughter.
You know it's gotta beat and I can dance to it. Hit it? Oh baby we did it. Salute to chat.
We choose not kindness today. No giving it to zero is about as nice as anyone could be.
The rare full zero. No one dared play spoiler for that particular rating. Well you know when you're
right you're right and that guy went so far right that he became extra right. Yeah.
Is there anyway? Does that guy who is that? You don't know that guy? Do you know that guy?
Yeah everybody knows that guy. He's one of the guys in the Trump stuff that does that song.
Yeah he's big with those guys. Okay oh my god this is more music. Okay this is just music.
It's good to just be music right.
Uh oh.
He said Pro-Wen would you be mischievous?
What?
He said will you just the bigots and the assholes Monday and several to joy the pride parade.
Oh that's where it was going I see. Okay the monkey girl is playing it. Okay I get it.
So you're in support of pride? Oh I'm not in support of any human activities.
I'm in support of all sorts of weird bug tentacle love. But you humans with your pathetic
parts you barely have any holes. You barely have enough appendages to fill those holes.
I'm not impressed. Oh okay you're sort of anti-human sexuality. I'm sort of anti-human. I guess
I'm an equal opportunity offender if you're a human I want you to die.
Yeah I think that's a pretty clear position. All right let's end it with a little classic
dog dance. Let's dog dance our way out of here.
That's the dance. You want to do it case? I think I've done it enough.
I think I've done that dance enough. Okay well that's that's all we got for the day.
Yeah we'll end on that dog dance. Okay great but Kendall's still asleep. Kendall is still asleep.
But maybe we just try to wake her up. Wow some of these are more dangerous than entering my castle of
doom. Well she's not that bad of a mood when she wakes up. Is there enough of this Eva's in here
to start the cult? Sure start small. Not that small it's a little small but for a cult?
Underdish people? Yeah that's enough. How many people do you have? I've got I don't have people okay I have
husks filled with bugs so the people that really matter and I've got a lot of those like a lot a lot
like maybe probably have too many. Cold Fridays. Woo. Okay well that'll do it for amongst the web today.
Thanks for joining us Salazar and then the north thanks to you pathetic flash sack I will someday
control your mind pleasure to be here. Thanks and let's send it back to the more of the webs that's
elsewhere. Whoa let's do one more news and then we'll get to the kitchen then I'll get into the kitchen
but I've barely newsed it today. That'll give Kendall 15 more minutes of sleep maybe.
Given the pace I sometimes move at let's see what else was I going to talk about today.
Rockets maybe we'll do the movie past story maybe we'll avoid the terrible general
Israel attacking countries and Elon Musk's SpaceX news or we'll get into it whatever let's do a little
bit of news either way. Yeah good to see everybody it's your boy not a bug from what I can tell
instead the ultimate man. Good to see you Chuck and good to exist as what some call the alpha mega
delta pi of man. Oh you're laying all the terms I'm all the terms the National Association of Theater
owners have pledged 2.2 billion towards theater upgrades to update projector sound systems concessions
and seating while also adding pickleball courts bowling alleys arcades and rope courses oh they're
going to go sort of full amusement park mode I'm in support of that make theaters put put again
I can get behind that slogan yeah dude just make it more like put put and then I'll
want to see more Marvel movies again it'll fix it all you see on kvill2k you're going to see
everybody in chat a mark Robinson story oh what's the mark Robinson story mark Robinson news
I'm a black nazi wait what all right sure let's dozens of comments on porn form
all right I'm slowly getting willing to cover this story case I just need a little more convincing
I don't know just do it okay I've been convinced oh what's going on with this
mark Robinson North Carolina GOP nominee for governor called himself a black nazi supported
slavery in past comments made on porn form oh is on a porn form though oh shit this is
too long still too long how did this get so long oh I pasted the whole story in
that's my bad that's a my bad let's try that again there we go house is kind of slightly
covered up all right chef anyway
mark robinson the controversial and socially conservative republican nominee for governor
of north carolina made a series of inflammatory comments on a pornography website's message board
more than a decade ago in which he referred to himself as a black nazi all caps exclamation point
he and randy mcnally should hang out what's randy up to still mcnallying wow mcnally in the system
and express support this is we're back to mark robinson for reinstating slavery a cnn k file
investigation final it's a k file they're like the k-hive uh i don't think so okay despite the
recent history of anti transgender rhetoric robinson said he enjoyed watching transgender
pornography a review of archive messages found in which he also referred to himself as a perv
I feel like that's a real conservative energy is not that there's anything wrong with watching
um transpirinography but I feel like they kind of rally against that stuff but they're sort of obsessed
with like cock porn trans porn out racial porn of all sorts now and no kink shaming I'm not
I'm not shaming the kinks so much as I'm shaming their lack of acceptance of those kinks outside
of x videos comments I will let you this from Steve I will let you know the hidden footage
of p-ditty took of moshel obama is a million times worse than you can even imagine wait what
Steve I am unfamiliar with that I mean I can either confirm or deny whatever Steve's talking about
cases shaming the people that feel shame over the kink yeah I'm shaming the shame
uh Steve if you have a link or anything I don't know if that sounds a little
a little outlandish to me yeah the land is out for that one but maybe maybe we missed a piece of
hot dropping good news the comments which Robinson denies making predate his entry into politics
in current stints is north carolina's lieutenant governor lieutenant please they were made under
a username that cnn was able to identify as robinson by matching a latin of biographical
uh details and shared email addresses between the two many of robinson's comments were gratuitously
sexual and lewd in nature they were made between 2008 and 2012 nude africa a pornographic website
that includes fortunately a message board the comments were made under the username mini soldier
a moniker robinson used frequently online wait though if you have like a really cool nickname
online for your the forums that you may or may not be using and you don't
there's like no way to trace that what do you mean just if you like what if you say subscribe to
like swollen steroid ass dot com swollen steroid ass dot com and you know maybe you use those
message boards I just know guys that might do that and you talk on there under the under a username
that's not your name there'd be no way to trace that swollen steroid ass dot com
that's a made up that's an odd that's a just pulling out of the ether here just for clarification
yeah no I think you know you have to sign up with an email address yeah but that's only your
email knows about that well but probably there's probably ways to figure out what the email address
you used to sign up is um do steroids make your ass well you don't understand the fetish at all
a pornographic website that includes a message board anyway let's get back to this please can we focus
up please we're trying to I'm trying I swear I'm trying to okay Robinson listed his full name
on his profile for nude africa wait a minute what okay I'm safe I mean someone would be safe
so nude africa it's just I mean whatever it's not that crazy but there's just something so funny
about a North Carolina senator subscribing to nude africa a little porn site clown penis dot fart
that's another good one uh anyway nude africa is where he listed his full name as well as an
email address he used on numerous websites across the internet for decades and this is of course
the lieutenant governor he's just a lieutenant though he's not the governor governor he's just
his lieutenant cnn is reporting on the small portion of robinson's comments on the website
given their graphic nature well then maybe that's what twitter's for hmm let's just do a quick check
what is it mark robinson the site may not be good for as much as it used to be but maybe it's
still good for this martin luther king the third is making a statement but I want to see
wait what okay sorry I'm I'm scrolling through here oh my god okay well here's one can I read this
though let me see how bad it is okay I can't read the whole thing can I read this it says piss
and also there's some insertion stuff well piss is you can say piss on twitch
this is really explicit actually it doesn't have any I was mostly checking it for
slurs but this is like a lot of fingering and fluids in pretty explicit terms
case you're just building up anticipation here it's all good all strikes are getting expired
it is technically news but it's like real explicit news
this is so explicit the news wouldn't report this well okay how about this chat you read it
but just censor the parts that it can you clean up the parts that are too explicit
okay but if we're gonna read sex stuff we do need sexual r&b music that's just part of our newsworks
sexy r&b instrumentals please
yeah here we go how loud is this that's about right all right let's get into this chat
tonysweat music dot com
reverb me up dog whoo here we go mark rock this is from mini soldier aka marky r
let's talk to these girls yeah the piss thing is more common than most people think
and many want to admit girl I have an fb that loves to lay on her stomach spread her buttocks
and have me expel urine although I'm cleaning it up is that cleaning it up well I guess it's
still clear what I'm saying but I'm trying to use less gratuitous language anyway I express urine
all over her lower parts both holes you know what's up the longer and hotter the stream
the more she loves it sometimes she lies on her back and she inserts stuff from her her appendages
and when she's about to o-o-o you know do the big o stuff she wants me to expel urine as hard and
fast on her most sensitive erogenous zone and up her other hole from that south of that
of course I love her to express urine on me as well watching her flex that sphincter area in and out
while she shoots her expel urine onto my abdomen you can say chest oh uh anyway she expels it on my
chest and she gets me stimulated to a severe and rigorous degree another thing she does that might
seem strange is that when we hang out she will sometimes wear her excretions like a perfume meaning
she will smear it behind her ears on her neck and on her wrist so every time I get near her
I smell her delightful scent yeah girl that's how we do it at nudeafrica.com
calm close enough new segment idea chat reads penthouse letters
flow down chat it's your first time though that was from a sitting lieutenant
in the u.s. governor military that's a lieutenant governor why do we call them that
hmm I don't know what does a lieutenant governor do uh they have to hoist the flag
over the governor's mansion every morning oh that sounds right that does sound right
okay let's see if there's any other ones can we find any more oh boy uh oh okay
do we dare do another one um chat all I don't know should we read one more I'll leave it up to chat
there's a strong no I'm very down to not yeah this one is in a similar genre to the last one
I'm seeing a strong no so I think maybe we're good maybe have an aeok clean it up flash pull
yeah but flash polls have so many options here we'll say rate it
um and if if if you rate this idea above a five we'll do it I'll leave it up to you chat we'll
read one more if it gets above a five leaving it up to the rating system very smart I don't
know if an AI would read this also they're all photos so they're like a you could copy and paste the text
I've seen some real heroic zeros in there let's try to add a couple fives that's right on the edge
I don't know what to do with that find replace naughty words uh with news anchor names
oh that's smart but I need a list of news anchor names oh we're jamming today too
that'll give Kendall even more time to sleep well shit looks like we're doing this cowboy
yeah I'm all right let me pull up a list of news anchor names news anchors
all right chat whenever you encounter a dirty word just sort of throw these news anchor names in
there for me if you don't mind and I'll hit you up with this sexy r&b music let's run it back
all right this is from bad girl tonight courtesy of Tony sway and here we are with another hot
pet house letter from mini soldier aka mark robinson from newt africa yeah all right let's get into this
y'all had me another hot morning with the wife's sister she brought along her laptop this time
and she watched some vids on her on na dude africa the one that really got us was called wet lester holt
that vid got her kreg melvin soaking wet and y'all know what I did right the meek a brazinski
was wet slick good and elizabeth vargasi and I licked and sucked that lester holt and kreg melvin
till my face was covered in her funky juices then she sucked my chris wallis tell it was good and hard
then lubed it down with wet then she laid back while I greased that kreg melvin with her
mika mika brazinski juice and oh wait but wait sorry then she laid back and I while I greased her
lester halt with her mika brazinski juice and wet I don't really get that means but fine
watching my big bret bear slide in and out of that kreg melvin takes my breath away and it looks so good
we lester halt andrea michel a lot but she gave me a nasty sexy surprise this time right when I was
really pumping the kreg melvin shoot good she shot a long hot stream of air and mernette up in the air
that covered my chest and stomach it was so chris wallis-y hot she was harris faulknering
I was harris faulknering she was kreg melvin and I was covered in lester halt
and mika brazinski juice and lubed damn this girl is good and I can't wait till next week to get some more
and that's just how that goes down at the na baby newdeafrica.com
walking her me harder while that was maybe worse does it I can't say it I can say science does it
science I don't know what we're testing somebody requested jumbiline but they just put in zero oh
fuck I don't know what to do with that someone's a zero you're too worn out to move sorry standing
ovulation everyone is pregnant now including you case show me that stomach I'm I swear I'm not well we
better test it because I just impregnated you with mark robinson's mind thoughts yeah we're bricked
the max chat right now we just lester hold it all over chat
whoa well hopefully you lost some viewers for that case I think you need to be punished
yeah if anyone tuned out for that that's very fair you can only get so anderson cooper well you
didn't even get to anderson cooper well um those were gross but not necessarily
what's the word impeachable offenses I guess he's admitting to having sex with his wife's sister that seems
pretty morally questionable you know I like to say I'm pro celebrity affair here but
that might be straining the limits of my acceptance he was a little love between
sisters not sisters love between sisters and husbands anyway seems like a real piece
of shit outside of that too mark robinson is trending because of anticipation for another mark
robinson story dropping on cnn what's this he used to meet evil on the battlefield and guess what we
did to it we killed it oh here he is just sort of ranting we didn't argue about it we didn't
fight about it we killed it oh he's advocating for murder what do we do we flew to japan and we
killed the japanese army and navy okay well he seems as advertised to be a real asshole I kind of
prefer his literatica to his uh political opinions I think he's more of a he's more sensual than
he is political and he should really stick to just you know talking about pissing on people
on nude africa yeah the artist comes out on nude africa unfortunately the uh
sadist comes out in the political arena he should advocate for looser shit now that's what I think
that story was about the pubs are bastions of family values and the forums are bastions of
erotic piss content keep playing the clip you miss the big response I just hate listening to these
guys okay well it's also really quiet I guess he's in the news we'll watch him say hateful
shit for no reason let's do some violence to everyone I'm a human being I'm mark robinson
that's the case is mark robinson impression and we killed the japanese army and navy
we didn't even quibble about it I didn't start this fight you did who you wanted to be left alone
you should left me alone wait japan arguing capitulate and talk about well maybe we shouldn't
fight the nazis that hard no they're bad wait he I thought he was a nazi some liberal somewhere
is gonna say that sounds awful too bad about who he's not out oh they're clapping
she's yawning actually she's clapping and yawning to that
he's not mad enough I'm but I'm bored for somebody to say it
it's not a matter of vengeance it's not a matter of being mean or spiteful it's a matter of necessity
who's he trying to murder people doing wicked things torturing and murdering and raping
time to call out uh those guys in green and go have them handle those boys in blue and have them go handle it
I handle who I probably mentioned it at the top I mean fill in group they hate I guess the wicked people
oh or was it the japanese
um democrats yeah oh the wicked people yeah democrats the wicked people
hmm well damn this is gonna make him more famous though oh shoot this will make him more famous
does that somehow help him politically oh here's mark robinson again let's check this clip from him out
yes I have a reservation on the black hitler yes I have a reservation that's him trying to get
into dinner tonight uh last night they had cameras waiting for him and everything they caught him in
the act trying to claim his dinner reservation that's rough he's just trying to have a night out we
shouldn't treat him like that he's kind of boring I mean he was a little boring it's for someone talking
about I guess murdering people um he's not he's actually not rabble rousing that hard yeah I mean
he did make that one lady yon pretty hard for advocating for just like murder of whoever
it was surprisingly uninteresting well you know Nazis are kind of played out at this point we've
been dealing with them now for what 80 years more more yeah more 90 years is it a hundred years of
Nazis hmm let's ask cookie monster oh Kendall's awake oh well I guess we can well we have to
jump a lot of the just the letter zero that's true we did get the jumble I request for zero
he should stick to I think he should I think what we learned is you you can't be a jack of all
trade theory will end up being a master in none okay and he's clearly mastered the nude africa
forms specifically the piss fetish and the incest fetish um more cheating cheating fetish I think
and anal cheating anal and piss stick to that mark Robinson and leave politics to the hateful guys
that are slightly more better at saying they want to murder everybody because you just don't have
that fire in you like it's kind of boring yeah so just stick to pissing okay yeah mark Robinson
stick to pissing and we'll see if Kendall wakes up yeah we'll see if Kendall's gonna wake up
wake up candle case all right that's all the time I have I will be back probably for a jambal
what is it called jammal oh we have to rogan today too there's too much let Kendall sleep for a
little bit we'll just do a long stream that ends in the kitchen a classic long stream ending in the
kitchen let's do rogan next we'll just continue to check in with Kendall's nap we'll also layer the
segments until she wakes up a lot to do a jack of all trades a master actor of none a jack of all trades
but I jack off to everything you can keep working on that all you watch it I'll keep working on
updating that sentence well for now I saw the news that I have stomach because I feel a little sick
for reading those okay bye bye how's our rogan connection Pepito don't know
don't know at all no idea how that works be nice if you did yeah but I know
Kendall's the face of Google she needs her rest that's true Google can't play without Kendall yeah
I'd argue they can barely play anyway oh burn well she does a good job what is Google play do
games and zed concerts yeah jackoff just sounds gross pulling it out sounds nicer and more polite
I pulled it out in public doesn't sound great I jacked off in public that sounds worse I see
can you do either you're not supposed to do either but I pull out stuff in public all the time
that I eat it like I pull things out of the ground I I know and I eat them in public yeah I've seen you
do that mmm let's do a rogan it's been a while will it work at all does it ever work at all
these are the questions only Joe Rogan can answer for us and don't worry I've got them
I got two of them in fact so let's give it a shot it's a Joe time baby let's go the Joe Rogan experience
got a hot new coat it's like this is working about as well as ever got flawless execution is
ever Joe ours I could tell noises are happening sometime after we speak I could fix it you know what
let's be legends Jamie can you fix it hey Jamie Jamie this is a huge ask but could you fix it
I don't he's just staring at it maybe that didn't this looks closer maybe we just say close enough even
though that's so pretty bad I just don't know how often I can enter the void and maintain my
limited hold on sanity yeah I mean we were just in there for a minute and I felt like I
experienced eight lifetimes and I'm having trouble getting over the death of my entire family
um because I was a lord of a castle and I got you served by my uncle in one of the void
lifetimes I just lived oh that's interesting I was a I was a tadpole I was a tadpole in all eight
lives and I didn't make it out of the pond in any of them but you got like king of the castle
yeah my void life I was a king I guess you got tadpole that happens a lot sometimes you get tadpole
sometimes you get king of an ancient castle anyway you hear about um you're about mr beast
oh a great question yeah I was thinking about that a lot as a tadpole earlier too I was like
wonder what mr beast is doing the alternate reality or timeline in which he exists in a form that I can
even remember let's see what do we do he um we hate it we hate how good he is at making kids eat
candy now or something uh yeah everybody's like pissed that like he made he's making kids do school
lunches but worse yeah I think we're pissed that mr beast runs a cafeteria now or something
and I just think that's such a shame because like lunch ladies are hardworking and it really wants to
break down all these gender barriers until you until mr beast tries to become a lunch lady
I mean and what like it did we're afraid to like let mr beast send a lunch lady went oh
they got a knock at door Jamie can you get that wait a minute there's no door in this room
oh wait a minute there's no door in here what did we even just knocked and what did they knock on
um Jamie can you check the wall where the knock happened yeah I mean we sealed this place off
long ago there should be no escape for anyone and no entrance what the fuck is going on oh wait
I forgot um we have a knock button next to the beads that we used to enter the room
oh yeah I forgot that we got rid of the door and we installed a bunch of beads
because we like the way it feels on our skin dude I love the way entering through beads I try to
enter like a glamorous lady I let the beads go all I don't even try to push into the side I let
them I go all the way through so the beads are like real drawn at in the nice swinging back
I feel like a sashaying swing beautiful lady I don't think they're anal beads I think they're
like glistening beads oh then interesting if you made um you sort of filled your door with anal
beads you got rid of the door really long strings of anal beads you could use that as the entrance
to a sex dungeon oh that'd be really smart waited to make a door for your sex then because it's
sort of in the style of sex dungeon because it's a toy and now you're thinking how do we have
this extension um I mean I have like a gross basement but I mostly keep old workout equipment
done there and that's obviously where Jamie's playpen is yeah you can't have a sex dungeon
near Jamie's playpen the smell is too extreme no one could get horny around that thing yeah I mean because
so many animal corpses I don't know don't think I don't think I think unless you have a really
specific fetish there's no way you can have sex around that Jamie's playpen and if you have so many
questions for us I'm Joe Rogan uh yeah sorry I'm Joe Rogan as well but you got a little distracted uh
oh my gosh the DJ music is DJ music is also happening yeah I don't know who case is but I do
know who DJ music is obviously oh it's a sex bet bead bead thing a butcher shop that's a good name
for Jamie's playpen yeah I don't feel like conventional play happens there but that is what
he calls it like Rickerson how do you get out yeah sometimes I wonder how do I get how do I like
escape I feel like I've kind of built like kind of built like the perfect environment for myself
premise once you build your your own paradise you've essentially also built your own prison
because you never want to leave it yeah I never considered that when I like gave myself kind of
my ultimate fantasy career of just talking into a mic and never really being challenged in any
meaningful way on any thought I ever have even for a second and having total fame and a completely
captive audience that essentially worships every thought I had what I when I actually managed
to achieve that I never considered that I'd essentially be building a mental prison for
myself that I can never escape yeah but I mean we built it and we absolutely swallowed the key
and uh there I don't think there's a way out and sometimes I wouldn't want to escape it and yet
in a sense I feel trapped and I do I hear like a faint scream at the back of my mind at all times
so I didn't quite count on that when I started when I signed that spot if I deal but
you know work is work at the end of the day yeah dude you said it um how did stream get this
way chat is it our fault hmm that's a really good question who do you blame for this
I think it's not your fault it's probably someone else's fault but you know at the end of the day
we're all kind of in the same soup or all just weird ingredients getting cooked on the big old stove of
space dude you just blew my mind the stove of space if you really think about it space is a
stove and consciousness is just the boiling water and our weird little frail human bodies are just a
couple of meats next that you put in the soup to make it tasty Joe are you ever going to release
your erotic memoirs I think you have Mark Robinson beat I just thought if people are quite ready
for him yet I mean I could guess I could read you guys a passage oh I mean I don't know Joe are
we really ready to be really ready to share that yet I mean look I'm I really built up my
standoff vessel for a long time and I set expectations really high for it and I totally
delivered totally delivered and known as disappointed for even a second so
I guess I'm a genius and I can't really do any wrong so I sure I'll read you a
passage from my erotic memoirs here we go Joe Rogan wasn't wearing a shirt
and the ice bath was cold he worked in shape because he'd been working out and he got into
the ice bath because that was part of his schedule and it's important to keep a schedule for yourself
honestly can't really achieve anything without discipline and Joe Rogan was disciplined and
his body didn't look like an old burlap sack filled with I don't know the shape of like
like metal or something anyway then um I'm in the ice bath I mean Joe Rogan's in the ice bath
sorry this is all in there I'm reading right off the page Joe Rogan's in the ice bath and he's
that as I said his shirtless also his penis he's not he's wearing pants and his wife comes in
he's like hey you look good in here and um he did and then they had sex damn dude that's crazy
I didn't I really didn't see the twist at the end coming yeah I mean you know it doesn't
eroticism doesn't just have to be all eroticism sometimes it can be like a spy novel where you
don't really see the twists and turns coming because you wouldn't think I could have sex
right out of the ice bath because it really messes with your blood flowing stuff which it's
supposed to that's good for you but it but I'm still used to it now that actually I can
no problem have sex right out of the ice bath a janky barrel yeah actually I have
lately taught to kept my ice baths and I mostly give them in a big ice barrel
yeah because a barrel can be a bath you've ever seen the western movie they understood how to do
that back in the western days they would just fill a big barrel with whatever liquid I made
sitting in a cowboy hat that's how I do my ice baths now just got an amazon subscription to
baby oil that's smart I mean if I drop this whole memoir you're gonna need it probably
if you're gonna need at least a year log subscription to baby oil just to keep yourself
from chafing from all of the hard touching you'll be doing on your erotic area that I'm comfortable
talking about dude I'm so comfortable with sex and like to have it in a normal way absolutely did
but couldn't agree more the sex is the thing I still enjoy and experience like a normal human
he has a wife I free sure I do I think she's still ravell around here somewhere
a big good house and I don't see her that often but that's a really great way to keep your marriage
alive is to kind of become strangers to each other dude I always say that like if you really want to
love your wife forget about her for months most of the time and then when you see each other it's
like meeting an old friend and she'll like whoa you've changed oh wow I don't recognize you at all
and then at the not only meeting a friend you're meeting a hot new stranger that still can tolerate
the sight of you for sure any hot Joe on Joe actually I would you want to hear him the other
passage I don't know if you're ready for this jet because it gets really steamy you know what Joe
I'll do you a favor I'll read this one because I don't want you to get too stiff and sexual from the
hot words and then I'll give Casem wedding advice and then I probably get out of here because it'll
be so horny I'll have to take seven ice baths to have more sex heem all right Joe Rogan and Joe
Rogan were both in the ice bath this time um and neither of them were wearing a shirt they
weren't both wearing really thick pants and you couldn't see their penis but if you think about
it it's a good one and in the ice bath where they both were because it's part of their schedule and
it's really important to keep a schedule because you can't really accomplish anything without discipline
they felt their thighs touching each other through the pants and their hands touched for a second
and when their hands touched they time copped but in a sexy way it was like to see from time
copper to the matter same matter can occupy the same space but instead of death at korean and
erotic explosions of good times and then they finished do you like your wife's boyfriend oh
yeah chris he's really an easy cool guy he's got his own couple rings in the house so
sometimes you work out together chris is a bit sorry my wife doesn't have a boyfriend
I was thinking about a different thing
of a traditional marriage that you wouldn't recognize as a normal person
I did normal stuff in a normal oh really great point uh what's my wedding advice for kassan um
you make sure to be mentally present don't enter the void realm several times during the actual
ceremony the whispers of the ancient ones will not age you on your journey through the day of
your wedding and attempting to commune with the inky darkness actually might upset your wife
it's really good advice sometimes the void comes for you at the worst times
you're not really in control of it and yet you do kind of beckon for it so
I guess I'll take responsibility admit yeah I'd beckon for the void on my wedding day and it
probably wasn't the smartest thing yeah but you know you hear the void calling it's really hard to
resist so anyway that's probably the time we have for today yeah I mean we gave away the goods
pretty hard like I don't know I'm kind of on a georgia or martin schedule with my erotic
memoirs so don't expect us anytime soon it'll take me at least a couple more weeks to finish
him I've been worrying on them for days so uh you know stay stay uh stay whatever do
do the did stuff yeah good to say I better myself joe uh Jamie could you play your outro music
wait a minute do we have outro music
Jamie do we have outro music
Amy do we have outro music
oh jayme started to fashion tools shoot he's fashioning tools again he ventured uh
we wear to venture the stone age for jayme he's been collecting a lot of stones he doesn't
understand like the fashioning part of them when we say he's fashioning tools he's been
drawing dresses on stones he calls it tool fashioning as he thinks stones are tools and he likes dresses
so Jamie don't need the marker okay I have to go he is absolutely housing he's
that hard terrifying transition back to a non-joe rogan reality so when you die someone else
will complete the series for you that's probably one of the joes will finish it
whether they're alive or dead okay we have too many segments to get to honestly
and I missed the call okay he likes dresses that's nice for jayme that's good that he has
an interest outside of like swallowing plastic sometimes I worry about him just a little bit
let's see all night stream yeah we've been going two and a half hours of streaming
this feels wrong this is too much I'm a 30 minute streamer I treat my streams like an episode of friends
tight and full of the best jokes okay Kendall's just so asleep but will she be mad that I've
let her sleep for two hours will she be happy that I did or will she be mad that's the new
that's the prediction we really need stop waking up she's face over no I need her to
I need her to she's definitely breathing only I had to Kendall can you'd be mad if you couldn't
fall asleep later okay that sounds like a thing I'll that she'll say so maybe I should wake her up
I'll give me Timmy duck time and try to wake her up during it hey Kendall
okay she said 20 minutes she went 20 minutes I guess let's jambalaya
well before we do that actually let's just find out what it should be about
what should jambalaya be about today chat it's up to you it's up to you
add options now usually the way we do it is someone has a secret and chat has to figure out what the
secret is what flash poles are up to the audience so I can't really control it you can decide x with
exclamation point oh what this very rational segment should be about hmm piss you have to type
exclamation point oh there you go you got it mr. whoopie boo boo black black nazis got with held
sorry even though that technically is on topic for today's stream our options are one piss two
I was a poopoo pee pee person three what is papito four secret duck and five Mark Robinson's piss
exclamation point one through five is how you vote for all of those
where's fee would have also been an acceptable answer so far mark Robinson is really leading the
pack here with one vote newt african is sort of secretly back also about mark robinson's piss
what is papito is uh more of a deep lore answer okay looks like mark robinson's piss takes it
so you know we'll try a different form of jambalaya today we'll have one and two be against three
and four we'll have pro mark robinson's piss and anti mark robinson's piss it's like a big
version of munchin crumb and then we'll see which side which side is the most convincing on whatever that
means sounds logical to me sounds like we need to get down to it i've done that by that i mean mark
robinson's piss okay welcome back to jambalaya we're not only do we apparently figure out secrets
we also explore the issues that really matter to americans and this complicated political climate
climate sorry i got pee on the wind and today we're discussing uh mark robinson's piss are we
for it are we against it and we have various experts in the field assembled to determine
if it's politically acceptable for your lieutenant governor to absolutely love urinating on people
shut you're pro right i am with lily onna here on what i consider the side of the angels no kink
shaming maybe some of the other stuff we could shame but we shouldn't get caught up we can't let the
piss separate us we should focus more on the nazi stuff and let that separate us but the piss stuff
i say we got to let it fly and that's my take lily onna you're unsurprisingly pro piss
well look i mean i'm i'm not saying to do it to me i'm not trying to let mark robinson do it even
around me but if you contain it to the newt africa forms or wherever it's appropriate then i don't think
we can hold a little piss play against anyone all right grab a crumble bottom your antipiss i don't
like it coming out of me i'd love to get rid of it i'm tired of it ruling my life and it comes out
at will when it wants i'd love to be in greater control of it and i think it's an evil okay
tyler you're surprisingly antipiss play look i'm all love i'm not trying to make anyone feel bad but
also like gross come on man like oh man come on gross so you're pro love but anti come on man gross
i just like come on really like oh gross all right chat we'll open it up to you for questions
ask uh i'll ask the same question to both sides and we'll see who you find ultimately more
convincing if we should be pro or against mark robinson's piss sort of in relation to him maintaining
his lieutenant governor position so if you have any questions throw them in there piss his love
tyler piss his love that's coming from propaganda i just like obviously like i saw love but like
also like counterpoint like oh man what oh it's our counterpoint here's a question didn't tyler
say he pissed the uh pissed the pile of people well what happens in the people piles different
okay now we're on to something so you're saying there's appropriate places
for you to piss and one of them happens to be your people pile well but it's no holds bar in the
people pile it's like a pile of people and all of our people parts are doing all sorts of stuff
yeah but if it's acceptable there why isn't acceptable on newt africa i just don't want to think
about it like in con in the context of politics like i'm sorry like some stuff that comes out it's
just like i don't want to think about mark robinson pissing he's not invited to my people pile
like he should be we have to hold until higher standard because he's like a a lieutenant nazi or
whatever lieutenant governor he's a black nazi is what he said ah yeah exactly exactly what i rest my
case okay counterpoint shed well he just told on himself he's fine to piss in the people pile
and yet he thinks newt africa is in the appropriate play for piss play place for piss play that's
just absurd like obviously you can't piss everywhere but where the where it is the place to piss play
he's in the piss play forms on newt africa well i don't know if you can confirm that there were
specifically piss play forms on the newt africa forms i don't know enough about the newt africa
forms well you can't hold that against us that you don't know enough about the newt africa forms
it seems like a place given the amount he was posting where they accept more avant
garde at erotica about various forms of insertion incessual activities with your wife sister and
well maybe that incessual well a form of it i would say once you're married into the family
it's in the family and i'm not shaming that i'm saying he found a place to express these things
that it was newt africa dot com is it that come i don't know grandma crumble bottom and in a
counterpoint yeah also who how am i to think he's keeping this contained in the forms
in the romans did all sorts of crazy stuff in the forms and then they'd kill people in the forms
too they stab Caesar in those forms and we're supposed to think the forms are safe
one on abstract since i see where you're coming from yeah i could suggest a lack of judgment i
guess from mark robinson um so tyler is anti-piss but pro nazi no no i'm i'm grossed out by mark
robinson's pass this is really for me tied to mark robinson who i dislike for reasons including
that he's a nazi and also seems to want to kill the japanese i just like i've got to respect you
if i want to deal with your piss and i don't think he's worthy of our respect and so on the side of
mark robinson's piss i have to abstain wait abstain what do you mean oh no kennel's coffin
candles caught this conversation has gone too far we need to stop this pass okay i can see where
you're coming from kennel's waking up kennel's waking up because she understands that you can
judge mark robins for all sorts of reasons but you can't judge him for his piss
hmm i don't know grab a crumble bottom any retort you can judge my doctor judges me for my piss all
the time and he says stop eating so much sweet taffy it's it's just sugar i don't care if it tastes
thick almost as thick as a meat at the end of the day it's just sugar gelatin and your stomach
can't process that anymore and that's why your urine's coming out black as ink so uh if it's good enough
for my doctor to judge me for my incredibly thick dark urine then why can't i judge mark robinson for
it hmm okay there's any more questions for them uh just the thought of getting uh with a lover's
family member is almost enough to make me want to vomit and you're gonna add piss to the equation
chat i'm not look i may not love piss and sleeping with my wife's sister but i will
fend to the i will defend to the death you're right to do do that on newt africa.com and okay
and that's just that i was a great american who said that i think samuel adams said that
while he was pissing a bunch of tea off of a boat in boston this goes back to the fundamentals of this
country x-wife actually to correct you chat sorry as the moderator i do have to fact fact check
don't you have an x-wife i do i'm not currently married that's true thanks for the reminder case
okay uh grandma is your piss sticky like taffy this is the last question and this will have to
resolve the issue or at least we'll see what the voters think after this uh yes you could technically
use it as an industrial glue it's industrial great great glue the fact it makes it out of me at all
is a miracle and i think my doctor should give me more credit and that's why i don't want to think
about mark robinson's piss i have to think about my own my enough okay i've already dealt with piss
enough i don't think i need to be thinking about his it's pretty fair liana what do you say to all
the voters out there who think they've thought about piss enough and maybe don't want to have
to think about mark robinson's piss look obviously there's a lot of uncomfortable
truths out there we learn things about people every day we didn't want to know
well no mr beast he employs straight up predators he did he did it's not just from
the godzilla soundtrack he's actually from a bunch of criminal sexual assault parties
that's a bummer and also now we know both who mark robinson is and that he likes to urinate
on everybody and whether it's his wife or his sister is that all stuff we want to know
probably not what should we judge anyone ever i'm not sure that's your argument i just don't
know if we should judge anyone ever case because what about us okay fair argument should the motel
charge mark robinson a cleaning deposit yes i do i think we can all agree that you got it you have
to pay overtime for whoever had to clean up after him in a motel liana yes i mean i won't deny i
don't admit i'll concede they he should have to pay something probably for what he did to
those hotels grab a crumble bottom i read i'm i'd i'd have to stockpile seven months of social
security checks to probably clean up a bathroom he's been in based on those stories so yeah
tyler i don't i actually don't know what we're talking about but yes okay well there you have it
that's our very thoughtful discussion on this important topic for the day
there's only two sides to every argument every single argument ever actually only has two sides
so let's resolve this once and for all pro or against mark robinson this
and we'll just leave it up to you to even decide what this means chat
pro against are your two options for this important question we'll just give you a minute to solve
any closing thoughts while chat breaks this down for us chat i understand there's a lot of
reasons to be against mark robinson's piss it's going all over the place it stinks it's from a
terrible guy but i just think if we don't defend the worst of us pissing then how will we ever
get the best of us to piss on each other i don't know if that's gonna convince people
you're gonna have a crumb a lot of counterpoint i am sticking my guns here i have the worst piss
and if it's uh we're trying to and if we're in a pissing contest mine wins it's bad okay that's
not really what we were discussing but tyler i still i think i really covered it by saying
nah thanks gross let's gross i'll admit ip and pile sometimes but even that's less gross
than mark what mark robinson seems to be up to okay willy anna shoot well sometimes genius is not
respected in its day and fringe art sometimes best remains fringe so i'm sorry that you got exposed
to an audience that wasn't ready for it mark but um one of the few things i respect about you is your
openness on the new dafrica forms your politics pretty bad you just you're just a fan of his writing
i guess we'll leave it at that that's all the time we have for this insane segment
that you can request one time per stream
but there's there's our shitty music yeah
chat thank you for solving this now if anyone asks you can say we took it to a vote
and actually america stands on the side of we don't love mark robinson's piss let's set it back
to the main studio because uh there's too many segments to get to and i do have to stop
streaming eventually i'm a two-hour streamer this is crazy enough of it oh my god i think kendall's awake
you know what that means chat she's gonna go freshen up and then it's time to make what are we
what are we making what's it called again tangoo tangoo can't tell what she's saying
it's like the little it's when you put a bunch of sugar on grapes and other fruits piss goo
well now we we've hit our piss quota for the day i think we can't keep talking about piss tangoo
all right and goo frozen we are gonna make a frozen salad too unfortunately goo beats oh yeah
producer goo of goo beats three hour balloon making i don't think we can do that damn
entity with the rare kendall emotes so one of these days she's got to start streaming again
i think if you still have subs it's your it's your duty to still stream occasionally
hmm let me just look up sugar grapes and see if that tells me what it is
i think they're like candied he's making like candied fruits but it's got a tangoo loo
what are you saying they're on tangoo loo yeah there it is thank you mr whoopee boop
were a mile ahead of me screw us let's go for another four hours we're probably gonna go for
at least another hour given that i think the tangoo loo takes 30 minutes to make
stream 30 minutes for one month oh yeah our new jeb emote so many new emotes well maybe not that
many but some new emotes okay we can dj music before this while kendall gets ready i guess
and then i think there's supposedly a limit on the number of uh on the number of segments that
can be requested but that doesn't seem to be working they seem to just be looping
though i have to check back in with my segment request system you know i will go ahead and uh
i'll stem the tide boom they're disabled for today don't burn yourselves yeah we'll try
we'll try to burn ourselves because we're crazy rebels all right let's send it down to dj music
he'll cover whatever other story i said i would talk about today and uh we'll get out of here
i mean we won't but get out of here case it actually meant he'll go to the kitchen
he'll go to the kitchen yeah all right let's get these lasers on
laser time whoo there they are there's our hot lasers oh yeah yeah yeah what else did we have today
to talk about i'm dj music as you of course know world famous roof dj dj music here to cover all the
news exceedingly musically well all right let's see oh my god this is the kind of story that i
i feel like we gotta cover let's see if i can find a pan to be for this this is some troubling stuff
let me get this story set up for y'all dj music on the cow you're gonna start streaming around
seven yeah absolutely we'll raise you some peachy i think we'll still be on so and if
you're just starting we'll raise your right as you start we can go tell seven that's no problem
go back for music your new zeking baby panda
the music instrumental hmm and i find a
and it and the edm all right let's try this one like this uh this is courtesy of designer lod
but i'm about to take it and treat it a little more musically yeah dj music let's talk about this
y'all let's do it zoo with mr pandas a painted dog the zoo turns out to be a massive fraud
let's see why they did it y'all panda beats oh are they gonna drop this beat yes
oh oh what it's got lyrics i can't do it then damn i need a different panda track
and this will do it then that other song was getting all pumped up but
it'll be too confusing if there's lyrics and i'm also shouting crazy shit over it
so we'll just have to go with this a chinese zoo has submitted the pandas in their exhibit were
in fact a painted dog here's a painted dog not a panda not a panda it's a painted dog according
to the new york post the newspaper with the most painted dogs visitors at the shanway zoo
realized they were bamboozled they were bamfucking zoozled whoo the so-called pandas began
panting and barking god damn and pandas are native to china and international symbols
for the country this is all stuff that you know in one visitor's video one of the pandas went yo
it was visibly panting while resting on a rock face in a fence while another clip shows the
panda with a long tail let's check it out y'all panda or a dog is that a panda or a dog you
tell me is it a panda or a dog they are panda frauds panda frauds not panda frogs but panda dogs
they are panda frauds panda frauds frauds this isn't the first time a chinese zoo has misled
visitors with claims of housing real pandas in may nbc reported that the tai zuzu in weirjing
su province had painted chow chows panda dogs zoo representatives claimed that the animals were
rare breeds of panda dogs but they were just dogs painted panda dogs at the time zoo official told
chinese state media they had advertised panda dogs and did not intentionally mislead panda dogs
by having all of these painted panda dogs it is not funny to die chow chow dogs to attract visitors
said one hater one commentator wrote on social media weibo here we go their fragile skin and
naturally thick coats make them susceptible to skin diseases however officials defended their
choice to paint the dogs noting that they were in fact simply panda dogs panda dogs
pa pa pa panda dogs panda dogs pa pa pa panda dogs panda dogs they were just panda dogs
so everybody settled down i guess we have even more time to kill so with that in my eye i guess
we will check in with a panda dog or maybe a panda let's see what i can find
can i find a panda dog there is a panda dog and can i find a panda dog all right let's see
somewhere right now austin creed probably is losing his mind that's an excellent point on cofil 2k
i'm pissed too we've been mislead giggle trash thanks for slamming 100 hot beats in the street
we got papito eating cheese good grief this beyond belief all right let's see looks like i found a panda
panda trap beat instrumental is what this panda is gonna require
we kind of just had a panda track but we need more
this is a panda hard type beat aggressive i think it's just what the panda doctor ordered
please welcome to the stage at this time as far as i know real ass panda let's find out together
if that's pissed about this panda dog controversy hey it's a panda
a damn god damn panda man a panda man god damn god damn panda man
panda man step up to the mic feel my panda pain panda stepping in and i'm changing the game
you will fall man you ain't even my dog dressing like me good lord dog you will fucker you
will nasty disgrace you think you want to meet me because you put on a panda face not a chance
you threw chewing on these fucking haters like i'm both i'm in the forest y'all know i'm a panda baby
and you cannot slow it yeah i may hate sex i ain't maybe even ever procreate but that don't mean
that this panda still ain't great i'm the kind of breed that might have the need to switch a
mother fucker up and give them the sheath i'm gonna stab these haters no debater i'm a panda i'm
slow i still see it later i'm like ooh bam boom too fucking hard i keep it true these eyes might
be spotted but i never lost the am on top panda from the bottom baby and you know i don't stop
farming fucking chain but i ain't a whiner you still looking like a dog baby you a vagina i mean
a pussy pussy dog sick of all these fucking barking ass frauds i'm a colored every dog from the east
to the west i'm a panda bitch so you know i'm staying the best what up i mean papito the
fucking lassie get my face off your face you better ask me ask about it and i'ma tell you
i'm a panda bitch and i'm a fucking better better better better better than what than a panda fraud
oh god panda gonna never back mate again never gonna have sex i hate to have sex
everybody else hate to have sex um i'm okay with having sex i fucking hate it and i don't like to do that
never have sex i ain't even find a penis that i like yet or a vagina no thanks passing on the
genitals every time to be frank i don't like it no kids living for myself that's how i live you can
put me in a zoo you can give me effordies yex but i'ma never ever ever ever hit it from the back
anti sex i'm the ace asexual all up in your face i'm like get pregnant no baby i'm a relent
bye bye i'm back just kidding well that's uh that's what that panda had to say
and it went in a anti sex anti dog exceedingly pro panda seem to have a very high pinning of
himself okay well i think it's about time we do the food part of this stream that's all the music
i can handle and it gave no fucks zero fucks given to anyone ever all right let's set it off
we need a food stream so it's time to stop the news is dumb it's time to relent i think it looks like
they've prepared all the ingredients it's time for jeff's little kitchen so please do listen
he's cooking nasty foods like it's his only mission so let's sand it down baby because i think that we're
through it's time for jeff to do a little how-to bye bye oh that's dj news extract that's not my track
that's dj news extract all right it's been a long time coming we're streaming twice as long as
usual but it's only because we gotta let kendall wake up i set it down to the how-tos with jeb
and he'll send it over to the kitchen uh here's jeb everybody all right everybody great to see you
welcome back to the wood shop where today we're transitioning into the wood kitchen
it's a more normal kitchen than that i don't want to get your expectations too high
a deadless thank you so much for the 22 months while i'm in the wood shop my uh
father is also here who's passed away and is in the wood
accurate jeb i live in the wood that's where i am that wood spirit is not here today so i'm
feeling lonely well i'm here daddy great point kendall are you about ready no response
so let's check out a couple how-tos before we get to the kitchen portion of this how-to kitchen
right now it's actually just how-to with with jeb nagat is what it says
we'll see if there's any other how-tos in the thread just to build a little more
kitchen anticipation what the frick stop it get the trip music out of here there we go
trip was trying to sneak in with his music okay kendall's just standing in the kitchen sleeping
she might be asleep somewhere in the back there we might have to go sans sans kendall in the
kitchen today it'd be a shame because i wanted to make her candy fruit treat all right how-tos
how to chocolate do oh my god but it might be a blessing that i didn't look at this yesterday
or i probably would have done this but maybe this will be for the next how-to kitchen
i'll start how to make chocolate do that's that's in the mountain variety it's exactly what you think
you guys want to know something all right i think guys take a tire drinking chocolate milk every time
you guys come go into the school or gas station or a court making own make chocolate milk every time
make it and you guys want something new from this product right here well let me tell you something
what happened in malibu created their own chocolate milk so that way it that way it takes like just
like your favorite drink right here got my boundu and also with good sweetened chocolate right
great point so far uh oh no no uh oh chocolate dude y'all
3.1 out and this is not the one right here he turned on his creation like dr frankenstein
it rose from the table and he said what did i just swallow did i just swallow a frankenstein
yeah that's pretty much how that novel went
banned he's banned i'm banning him oh don't ban him he's a hard-working dude drinker
or some of that on me i can't taste a thing due to being a oh my god i'm a dead ghost in wood aren't i
you are daddy but it's okay okay well that's a choice he made mint and cucumber granita recipe
how to make shaved ice we've already have some shaved vegetables we're planning on making
let's see what uh live in sleazy is sharing with us here oh oh we don't have a food processor though
i gotta get one of those i also don't have any mint so this will have to be a next time deal as well
this could possibly be good right i think Kendall would actually like this so then you just have
that shaved i thought they're gonna make like a mixed drink out of it you just gotta house that shaved
ice just kind of pour some cold mint slurry down your throat probably not what you do with the jet
making christmas ornaments the christmas ornament kitchen
yeah i mean we could hmm okay well look just in case this is good advice because usually i don't
stand up on stream so if this ever happens to me this will defend me against any on stream whoopsie
daisies it's sort of off topic but i'm trying to justify it let's learn how to hide an unwanted
direction let me just scroll through to make sure that there's not a full-on penis shown
and looks like we're safe it's implied penis so this will really this will let you know that
you're safe from seeing one of these when i'm standing up in the kitchen how to hide an unwanted
erection gentlemen welcome to video jug in its place an erection is a wonderful thing but out of
context it can become a danger to you and those around you very true if you are an upstanding
young man then here are some tips to help you conceal your 21st digit step one clothing choices
if mr. happy is constantly coming out to play then make your clothing work for you
there are lots of techniques to disguise your junk the secret is in choosing the right combination
tight underwear can help to keep your tiger in its cage but it does bunch things up rather
so combined with dylan thanks so much for the raid hi dylan heads you arrive just in time to
learn how to hide an unwanted erection which after that raid is going to be really useful for me
that's horrible jeb jesus you're just trying to make everyone leave right away right away
i was trying to i was trying to use what we were doing to say thanks for the raid well you did a
really bad job at it well it's also confusing that now i have to explain to them that i have a
dead father who's trapped in the wood mmm yeah that's that's fair that is fair daddy anyway let's
keep learning how to hide an unwanted erection dylan great to see you i'm jab but i'll tell case you said
hi thanks i'm sure case will really appreciate that jeb that you'll tell dylan that he said hi to case
thanks jeb yeah i'm really helpful okay anyway good to see you don't
with some loose trousers to hide the resulting bulge if you're more of a boxer's man then
wearing loose light clothing like linen trousers or jogging bottoms is fatal oh if a circus comes to
town your little clown will have still doing it exactly his big top where everyone can see
so with boxes wear fabrics like thick denim which are too heavy for your little bodybuilder to bench
press oh tip thick heavy pants for added protection wear a loose long shirt that will hang down and
conceal your shame stick step two body positioning standing when your little man becomes a rebel with
a cause lean casually against a wall lifting one leg and resting your foot behind you well that probably
is it james dean to run parallel with your thigh rendering him almost invisible all right in repose
watching the world go by can be a hazardous activity willy wise in a man root emergency
act immediately by positioning your body to create space between your trousers and your jolly pink
giant see step three use the fist negate the impact of an incriminating dingling by placing your hand
in your pocket and curling it into a fist to the onlooker the bulge is your hand not your he-hand
top tip depending on how strongly you're straining at the leash you may also need to pull your hand
away from your body slightly alternatively place a little that was my middle school technique
like an oversized wallet or a bottle of water oh that's smart don't you don't have to say
sneak the hand step four the cover if all else fails find a suitably incongruous object to conceal
your flesh flute make sure it's in keeping with your surroundings though remember subtlety is the
name of the game step five mind over matter once you've comfortably concealed your love lance
you need to get rid of it before suspicions are allowed boners all the time arsenal a list of
again a great point unerotic that they will immediately extinguish your ardour
warning choose your images carefully it's surprising how innocent images can become strangely
erotic under pressure instead simply relax and let the moment pass congratulations you've
tamed your trouser snake your love gun is firmly in its holster Excalibur is back in its scabbard
now you can approach any situation with confidence safe in the knowledge that no one will be
able to see your big fat throbbing penis oh what if it's not that big old throbbing
this is kind of averaging slightly hard jeb why i say that i'm just asking like what if
what if it's just kind of average and slightly hard and it's easier to hide i guess son come on man
oh man you're going around the stream today oh man jeez no pre for this guy well that's
harder to hide at that point you're also hiding a spill which is a different set of steps i suspect
what if it's not big just fat hashtag relatable really really well you know you're kind of uh
more fat than big that sounds big like but if you saw it you'd be like it's big but it looks fat
and not like in a sexy like oh that penis could lose some weight what does that mean jeb no not thick
it's like it's like that pe my penis is like oh that's got a problem i don't i can't even picture it
you don't want to you really don't want to you're right stop talking about it now those really answer
your question he way killer yeah weighty might be a nicer way to describe it a hefty trash bag
not just too full whoa yeah anyway uh i think we should just do the kitchen yeah maybe just go
to the kitchen jeb just a bell in the kitchen okay well look uh chat i'm gonna put you on my phone
this is uh it's my dad's old phone so it is a ghost phone sort of disappearing because
it turns out when you when you when you pass away your phone becomes a ghost
anyway um let's send it over to the kitchen and hope it all works we're gonna be making some
marshmallow stuff some salad stuff and assuming kendall's around some fruit stuff let's give it
a check check a check check there we go okay this should be working great let's pull up chat real quick
hi welcome to my kitchen everybody i think the music's still playing but that's fine can i stop it
negative i didn't set up how to stop the music the music might stop on its own
okay let me pull up chat there we go yeah okay it works with the music okay what ghost is in the
cutting board don't worry i didn't trap i didn't find any specters in my cutting board it's just
it's just a normal one it's just a normal cutting board from it's a boss cutting board
and we'll be using it to do all sorts of fun stuff today i'm excited to learn how to cook life uh
and get in on the action with all of you is the refrigerator photoshopped yes unfortunately i
have a smaller fridge so i i'm using a little bit of movie magic to fake this fridge it's actually
really expensive to fake the fridge as well so sort of a confusing decision from me
i'm gonna make a mess out of this beautiful jacket that's a really good point let's go
sawns the jacket let's lose it although it makes it a little less exciting in here
a little less colorful that's a lot of white stuff in here including this guy
okay it's not dad in that particular would have been therapeutic yeah
oh yeah do i have any like now this is all fine there's no addresses listed on this right nope
okay so we gotta make ice salad we're gonna make the ice set because i think you usually want to eat
a salad first unless i'm mistaken is that right salad first i think so let's make sure all these
buttons still work that's your food view this is when you want to get a little up close and personal
with your pale job okay great so i've gone look right ahead and i've pre-frozen my vegetables
which is an important step if you're using frozen vegetables you do want to make sure you
freeze them ahead of time otherwise they won't be frozen and also just in case i needed i have this
cold vodka i'm not sure if it'll come up but i'll keep it here just for safety
it's actually better than that freezer for two years you're hoping for hot salad well
today we're trying a different type we've got frozen lettuce we've got a frozen cucumber
and we have to scrape it into a bowl let's just do a little one we're gonna scrape some salad
into this Tupperware here we're gonna we're gonna use we're gonna take these frozen vegetables
and we're gonna grate them into this bowl and i think that should make for something really nice
and unique and i you know i also just realized i didn't wash this fruit before i froze it
which might have been a mistake so let me do that now i don't know if that's gonna ruin
the frozen aspect of it but hopefully not i guess it starts it makes sense with any
salad to start with a strong base of lettuce and so let me wash this frozen lettuce and see if i can
scrape it into this Tupperware but i do have to wash it first hmm is it frozen enough
is the question because i think it but oh wow it's leaking it's already melting
my frozen salad my iceberg lettuce it's already in the name it's perfect okay i'm gonna set you up
somewhere i can read you where easily chat i'll show you that didn't work come on there we go okay
here's our prepared frozen move this for you these are for later this is dessert
okay where's my cheese grater i know i have a grater here somewhere do i not have a cheese
grater i could have sworn i did oh here it is okay so based on the video we watched we grate the
salad into here hmm so far that's not working at all we're kind of just making a disgusting
salad paste oh god oh my god oh it's horrible oh kendall's here hey kendall do you want to start your
confectionary journey while i attempt to scrape attempt to scrape all of this salad goo into this
bowl yeah kendall's might be my silent assistant today here let me give you a microphone kendall
you this is gross here you go yeah salad we learned how to beatbox once on this string yeah
okay this is enough well no it's not what are you doing so we're making frozen salad it's really
cold ice but this grater isn't working very well okay and also my hands are getting really cold
this grater's lost its edge okay let's just say that's enough salad we're gonna go with a real
small portion of frozen salad who's eating frozen salad frozen lettuce the internet one guy on the
internet and now me a different guy on the internet did you wash these i did yeah okay oh my god oh my
boy which side is that it's so full of salad slurry now you're not even cutting the stem off
yeah the stem's part of it once you freeze the vegetables oh my god the whole thing becomes
out of it oh my god i'm not watching this looks this works really works better i'm not watching
oh my god please be careful wait careful what do you think i'm gonna do slice your finger
with this cheese grater yes that's impossible you think i'm gonna hurt myself with a frozen carrot
yes fear unlocked you a frozen carrot okay here we go ready a little color to the salad
here's a close-up chat of what we're doing oh goody it's getting really colorful
okay so why don't you freeze it after why is it that a thing because then you don't get to grade it
into your bowl there's no spectacle if you freeze it beforehand you don't get to waste all these vegetables
in the same way you have to wash this one this one might not have frozen up but we'll just pretend
we'll just pretend that it did okay and here we go last ingredient what the heck it's not coming off
there we go yeah okay that's enough of that
slop it in there okay great we're doing a little baby portion of frozen salad so that we're not here
all day but if you're at home and you want to make you can make a big whole full helping of it
by completely grading your vegetables into a little bowl all right now our last step so
do you want my phone on the on the internet they use I think tons of paprika I don't know where your
phone is I'm sorry Kenny in the video we watch they use like some kind of spicy thing for their
frozen salad I'm just gonna use balsamic vinaigrette because I have it and it's cold it's been in a
fridge it's literally a savory granita oh so this is a thing people eat maybe it's fine then
because it seems like it's probably gonna taste bad I mean maybe the mistake here is that I'm
adding balsamic vinaigrette to it I don't know but it is still a salad right what do you think spicy
you think balsamic vinaigrette well you know for Jeb that's about as spicy as I can handle
look at this chef wow it's a beautiful frozen granita frozen salad the great green
granita salad it's a it's a cold salad all right let's give it the old Jeb taste test
here's our first Jeb's kitchen meal of the day you want to stir up your frozen salad before you eat it
and ultimately this is just vegetable so how bad can it be oh it's just a wet cold salad
I guess that's to be expected it's just like someone put a bunch of water on your salad and
and then also it's way too cold okay the texture is terrible it's bad in case you were wondering
or worried it doesn't it's a bad feeling in your mouth wouldn't recommend it could work as a
garnish of some sort but you know the mistake uh I know a mistake that I made making it
and it glibs up to that it didn't taste good and I feel bad that I did it
all right good job thank you thanks go meet thank you honestly people telling me good job
is what makes it all worth it every time I eat something gross
oh I guess if I gave it a score it said it's pretty bad it definitely was not good
and probably well not not the worst thing I've ever eaten but on a list of like 100 worst things
I've ever eaten I'd put it on there so I give it like a six out of 10 okay now we're gonna make air fried
jet puff marshmallow s'mores this should seemingly taste good it's just a bunch of sweet stuff it's
just s'mores so I really can't imagine how this could be that bad jet approved no these aren't his
they're just called well man there's a chance there is there's a chance he owns yeah there's a chance he
owns a controlling stake in that marshmallow company I actually shouldn't put that past him
that's definitely possible okay air crisp at 400 it's preheating now look a lot of cooking
shows would have preheated their oven but I want to give you the full experience so I didn't
you're gonna feel every minute with me that it takes to heat this thing up
and in the meantime I guess we can prep our ingredients or I could just start housing this vodka
add vodka to the s'mores oh and then we'd be experimenting we'd be making a new kind of mixed
drink Kendall what are you doing starting the tank here I'll show you what Kendall's doing I'll do
a little camera work should I've done it in a different pan what do you mean it's just so wide
Kendall can you show us your pan I can't I can't okay I can't touch what's in there
sugar and water in that pan is sugar and water wow you look great and we'll look at the camera again
you look incredible stop I think I should have used a different pan that's the first time using this
gentle what's that what nothing wait what were you saying nothing for chat only oh okay all right we
have our marshmallows cooking with intrusive thoughts I mean that's just my life right everything
with intrusive thoughts you have the same stove where does it say invoice oh I'm here I'm surprised
you guys can read that it does say it a bunch yeah that's why I took off the thing yeah you just
feel like you're just doxing our friends every time you show this fridge oh really yeah
turns out I was doxing them all right we've prepped our we've prepped our ingredients here
how many how many grapes do you want you can trust most of us thank you what's that
your grape sticks do you want I'll probably just need one uh sorry I meant three you're gonna eat three
no okay I'll eat three and you gave me a look on one so I thought that was like really just
yeah then yeah what's the point it makes me feel like you don't want what don't we didn't want a
normal amount no tanghulu how many is normal I don't know two sticks oh two then two do you guys
eat tanghulu how many normal sticks of tanghulu do you guys eat tanghulu
it's kind of wants to know put tanghulu in chat if you eat tanghulu is it racist the cold word for
tanghulu is tanghulu yes what is it racist that he's putting the g in the word is that and not how
it's spelled that's how it's spelled it's not how it's said so I said tanghulu tanghulu yeah
it's like tanghulu but also the streaming service hulu
okay oh you know what they put like what what do you need I think in the video they put some kind of
basin here I think I have to put in aluminum foil or something can I put aluminum foil in
there's nothing in here right now it's just oh my god wait what's in there right now nothing
oh this is empty but I think I have to put aluminum foil in it well I'll be able to put it in now
aluminum foil is not going to heat up turn you know I mean because I'm going to put a bunch of
marshmallows in there oh so you're done heating it up yeah okay oh we're almost out of aluminum foil
last of it and that's proper kitchen disposal technique being shown off by Kendall
oh that's hot why would you touch that I didn't I'm just testing that it's hot by touching
it that's normal oh my god just shape it beforehand oh what's your name jeb you don't know my name
no I don't know your name what sorry you hang up okay jeb okay now we just dump a bunch of
marshmallows in here is that yeah no way and then we sprinkle a bunch of chocolate on those
marshmallows jeb I'll turn this around and show you when it's done but just know this is all just
going in an air fryer oh sorry we don't have parchment air mac that's not that's not a thing
we have in this household in this household we don't have parchment sorry we have a side outside that
says in this household and then in a bunch of different colors it says we don't have parchment
okay let's see can I show this to chan let's give it a shot chan I'm taking you on an adventure
look it's in there yay fantastic oh all right and now I don't know how long we leave it in there
does anyone remember how long we leave it in there oh yeah this is going to be a sticky mass
honestly also made way too much but it felt fun to put all the marshmallows in it
I was enjoying putting it in there it's getting me excited
wait like five to ten oh I had a 400 degrees Fahrenheit was that too much I could have sworn
in the video they said 400 maybe they didn't yeah I can't remember either but when you
ever know something what you're about cooking you just kind of guess that's what a chef told me
you want a marshmallow candle yeah here you go oh whoa uh oh
wait you want to eat no no no yeah that's great okay it's gonna have to use some techniques from
that video from earlier probably when you can smell it that makes sense I'm gonna give it five minutes
before I even look at it because that feels like a more dangerous way to do it do you want to
do some tanghulu stuff with me while you're waiting yeah yeah just put three three three three
three grapes on these yeah we'll bring it over here if you want on top of your frozen
so that's a frozen slop from earlier so you can put it in here when you're done
that don't worry I'm wearing heavy denim corduroy jeans
huh that's a reference from earlier kind of don't worry oh okay
did I say something to trigger that no
crunch sugar over fruit yeah I think is the next step we just pour a bunch of sugar on this fruit
oh see that's not a good pan I might have to redo the sugar stuff
Kendall says the pan isn't good it's not you want five on each it's not a good pan five grapes on each
stick or four just three oh just three what are you doing I did I was gonna do five
because I tell you a number you probably did I got a lot of my mind there's a bunch of burning
marshmallows in here yeah whoa look at them yeah it's gonna make it they could do a little more
I think it's gonna destroy you put them all together at the tip you think it's gonna destroy my air fryer
yeah just mine just mine it's wide so it cooks faster says job which could be true I don't understand
how heat works they said it's what it's wide so it cooks faster wide so it cooks faster where's
the whole thing's the opposite no you said you only wanted two oh you just you did it you did a
way better job of making them than me I'll hang me the one yeah you want some grapes yeah so here's I'm
supposed to feed you the grapes no no I wasn't waiting for her to do that what you doing now all the ice
is sink ice right like all of it not the white one this one you sure is there any ice in there though
I haven't refilled in a while should I not use it no you can use it Kendall knows it's nice to use
sink water y'all you guys should see the type of water that comes out of the sink yeah it's a little
gross like it the water looks fine at first okay this looks done but once you let it sit in a cup
then you start seeing stuff at the bottom of your cup and you're like what is this okay chat water
and it is chat's time to go another dream look at this
whoa look at this whoa look at that that's our finished product oh wow look at this
there's Kendall's pan okay this is not a good pan I might have to restart looks good
looks great all right here's our graham crackers now as far as I know we sort of just dip them straight
you know what I'm being shoved all right whoa we're crazy for this one look at this chat that's our
air fried marshmallow seemingly should work it's heat plus sugars that's good it is hot
probably a little responsibly just gonna jam it straight into my mouth but I did
a little limit my ability to taste other things due to the mouth burns it's a little hot Kendall
what's a fun idea what a fun idea yeah this is honestly very good you know it's a it's like a way to
make s'mores where they don't burn yeah you don't have to hold them over a fire although that's sort of
fun of it for a lot of people yeah do be careful eating it's a little hot right out of the
eating it straight out of the air fryer but honestly one of the one of the definitely probably the best
thing I've made on this stream food wise it's a little I just have a little graham cracker in my throat
an actually good dish that I would recommend I'd probably give it about a six out of ten yeah
not better than the racks well definitely less memorable than the racks okay
switch on 10 is really good because a 10 is incredible it'd be one of the best meals I've ever had
it's also not that good it's kind of not that great seems like a fair score
after we start the sugar process Kendall says she might have to restart the sugar process
I just decided to make less than I usually do and I just didn't realize this pan would be too big
it looks fine should I should I bring the camera over to show them this thing
yeah it's not okay chef here's Kendall again here's high angle Kendall there's our cooking sugar
yeah we're gonna go wow
incredible whoa what a show that's the kind of action you only get in jobs kitchen
do you want I even want to try to use it or do you think you just have to restart
I'm gonna see where I can get with it that's fair okay in the meantime chat
let's see what weird drinks casebot that he never drank
case thought I like splash soda
yeah that was a mistake on his part so now we just have a shit ton of orange soda
okay let's do a taste test we'll do saute soda verse orange splash soda but with the ancient
vibe go from that fridge hashtag not sponsored unfortunately I'm just pulling things out of the
fridge and eating them yeah case and I also don't drink yeah we basically never drink
I'm me jab talking about case yeah yeah sorry I'm just trying to take over case's lifetime
primarily case let me borrow his kitchen for this but it is still jeb's kitchen just so you know
yeah I actually did burn the roof of my mouth but it was worth it for a six out of ten meal like
this I like that terrible salad terrible six out of ten salad I'm not an alcoholic what this one
call you Jeff yeah I mean I you know sometimes I like to have a drink a couple times a day
you spill chat she didn't spill jet would have already married Kendall but it's case is broken
that's my brother he's really good at everything maybe you've met him feels like he's met everybody
I don't think this is working okay all right let's make a drink I just can't stop dunking my
graham crackers into this pile of marshmallow that I made oh it's still real hot yeah would you come to
my wedding if I was married in case yeah for sure well what if I was marrying Timothy Shalamit
I would definitely come then I'd rather do that a cool salad verse case yeah married Timothy Shalamit
oh my gosh this is look it's burning in the middle I'm starting over do you think do you think
chat's okay with that if I start over chat Kendall says she has to start over well I just have to use
a smaller pan but that'll be here for 10 more minutes that's fine that'll give psych or time to
to get their streaming going wait no I was a subreechi wait subreechi right shoot who was I rating
repeat which chatter jeb how do you not know that I should I my brain is too confused jeb you should
know this I think it's I think it's subreechi it was subreechi okay okay I'm just gonna try it
oh boy I'm choking on graham cracker dust this is second I'm just gonna use it and go for it
is that cool yeah go for it take some water yeah I just need a little water because I'm choking
I don't have enough water for my tank hulu I don't want to use sink water I'm scared she doesn't want to
use the sink water because it's filthy it is in case you don't understand that the do you understand
right filthy disgusting sink water for mutants yeah you know case it feels all his ice with dirty
sink water uh yeah cases of mongrel and we even have a filter that he could use he just like well
well that's disgusting I guess he should leave him jeb isn't it disgusting yeah okay here we go
okay here we go oh he got scared I'm gonna finish my mixed drink so I can do my taste test
so here's the vodka part of it I've used a normal amount whoever said that I have a problem
and this particular mixed drink is one part vodka force parts favorite day orange splash soda
this tank hulu is gonna suck okay kennel's saying it's gonna be bad you want to try this marshmallow
stuff yeah it's not going to be as sweet okay here try this wait okay this is a timely process
all right chat taste test which is better so so it's literally called so so oh my god I mean versus
this orange stuff with vodka in it oh it tastes like vodka which I like okay damn it this tank hulu's
gonna this is actually better stock shoot can you I can add vodka to this who knows how good it'd be
so it tastes like vodka and so so wow vodka and horse drink well I've never tried that kind of what are
you doing dark sugar thing hulu I'll zoom in for you can you put it down on the okay put it
well it might stick oh well I just think show it to the camera
la la la la la dark sugar la la la la la okay okay great work here you go
you want to eat it now sure wait I'll trade you you try one of these okay let me know if this is
not sweet if it's not sweet I'm not eating it just blow on it like a little bit that's a lot yeah you
want a lot we're sharing desserts pretty good right this is great wow we actually made edible stuff
this is really nice this is like um it's got the natural flavor of fruit and spice stuff of course
with the classic dessert ingredients sugar what's the sugar like though it's really well done I think
it crystallized perfectly I think you did an incredible job I'd probably give this like a six
out of ten ASMR first okay that's ASMR more hard to straighten good job wow no do you like yours we
made a lot of sugary stuff yeah this is a lot of sugar sugar for doing that oh my god it's
almost a mac and cheese time is it mac and cheese time everyone who's new here and you have no idea
what mac and cheese time is close your eyes imagine you're holding a giant wooden bowl
and a giant wooden spoon and inside the bowl is mac and cheese okay are your eyes closed are you
holding the bowl for sure have that wooden spoon I do are you smelling the cheese and pasta big time
wow I can't do it oh my god is it the sugar in my mouth you're not doing it no I can't do it
right now it's not good enough it sounds like you're doing it yeah start stirring sorry I forgot
to tell you start stirring your mac and cheese okay great work cheese is great sorry I can't do it
right now I felt like we had a secret fourth dish yeah I can't do it now this is awful that was my
party trick oh no I do think it's too liquidy I know it's too liquidy mac and cheese oh I can't do it
now everyone is new here you never saw the last five minutes don't worry I lost my power you're fine
I don't have the best hearing but to me it sounds like some thick mac and cheese was getting stirred
she's still trying oh fuck my power okay well I think we did it we did a kitchen oh she's so sad
damn it I've left maybe they transferred to you jeb okay I'll give it a shot I haven't really
learned how though it's just sort of my thing
close it okay well I think that'll do it for jeb's kitchen thanks so much for your help Kendall
I'm thinking maybe the grape will help me okay I'm getting closer I'm getting closer
no I'm getting closer I think glass is paying off I got
let's send it back to the other room well there's anything else you want to make
what it's it's gone my power is gone let's try it jeb okay um we'll see you all real soon
let's send it back to the main wood shop and then I guess we'll get out of here for the day
thanks again Kendall okay that's all thanks guys there we go bye bye
thanks local folks it's a lot of kids let's pop it you guys will still be hearing me chew this tango
well jeb did it he made edible food it does not they can still hear you can they oh yeah they
can still hear you keep it on I'm keeping it on I can hear you Kendall the hot mic one of the hottest
thank you so much wow that's sure is well jeb good job son well really do you mean it daddy
I covered my beard and marshmallow I'm just trying to try to clean it okay now I'm good to go
all right son you did good for a second thanks daddy sometimes all it takes is a second
make something great I made a woman dinner daddy sort of I mean you made edible food that's
one step at a time son exactly one ingredient at a time one step at a time one life at a time
and you take your life time take your time uh yeah okay let's send it back to case uh thanks for
hanging out with me thanks to allied biscuit for the 12 months at tier one the 21 months sorry
and google trash thanks so much for the 100 bits here for the texture thanks for staying for the
texture me links thanks for the follow still do thanks again for the raid okay thanks for hanging
out thanks for watching me try some good food some good friends and we'll see you all very soon
because you're never too old to learn a new trick okay bye bye
take it slow here there's this music playing take and hear it
here kennel you want to provide the music for for my outro right now yeah hold on
turn my mic off for a second he's preparing case I'm preparing oh don't rush excellence
can we hear everything yeah oh we can hear you kennel's preparing the music
for our goodbye for the day musical goodbye
being double what nothing or our stream what an event that's the power of the kitchen
where I will be eating all the chocolate and powering up it's bad for you nope it's
Test?
For my stomach to grow stronger.
And my esophagus gets tested while it goes down.
And while it comes back up all over the new coats.
There's no stopping me.
I've accepted that.
Chocolate and grapes?
I wasn't sold on the grapes.
Why?
I mean I will eat anything but, was it covered in sugar?
Oh, you know what I'm gonna eat, I like, yeah.
Damn, I don't think we're getting a Kendall tune.
Was she still preparing?
Did you turn off my mic?
No, it's on.
No, I said turn it off.
Oh, she wants me to turn off her mic.
For now.
For now.
I'll remember, yeah.
Okay.
I'll mute you.
Yeah.
Okay, you're muted.
She's muted.
Those grapes did have some serious crunch.
Yeah, and I can't hear the audio while Jeb's over there.
Okay, I'm ready, I'm ready.
Kendall's ready for our outro for the day.
Is it on?
Okay, here we go.
Are you starting right now?
Is it right now?
Yeah, I mean I was gonna read somebody.
Okay, here we go.
Okay.
This is not muted like anyway.
Yeah.
It's beautiful.
I've had people beatbox.
You're doing it.
It's Sabrichi, Sabrichi's on.
Okay, let's read Sabrichi.
Dude, we've been acting hard.
Yeah, but you're killing it.
I can't keep boots and cats, but that's not impressive enough.
Now the boots and cats are the fundamentals of beatboxing.
Everyone should always...
Yeah.
I don't know what to do, that's like a part.
She's back over here now.
Okay, thanks Kendall.
That was great work.
Yeah, that's good.
Yeah, you know it.
You don't want to keep going up until the right?
Oh yeah, keep going.
I thought you were done.
Oh, I'm sorry, I thought you told me to stop.
No, no, no, I'm sorry, that's fine.
Go back to Pepito, he gets it more.
Yeah, I can't keep going.
Pepito's up.
I'm over here now.
Wait.
What's up?
What's up?
What's up?
You have to help me.
Oh, I have to do an accompaniment?
Yeah.
Okay, we only have...
Oh, did the raid already happen?
Oh, it happened, happened, happened.
Okay, good.
Wait, did we raid some reaching?
No, it didn't happen.
Wait, did you...
Oh my God, did you...?
No?
This doesn't look like the raid happened.
Oh my gosh.
Guys, did it happen or...?
Oh, it raided, raided, raided.
Oh, I'm double raiding.
Okay, I'm going to cancel the double raid.
Yeah, that happened, happened, happened.
Okay.
Great work, Kendall.
You killed it.
You did it.
Pepito has such a better B-box when he's in a different body.
It's crazy.
Yeah.
I'm everywhere.
Yeah.
Okay, thanks everybody.
Thanks for hanging out.
Secret stream is now concluded.