I'm Papito, I'm the dog that produces the show, and now it is live, and I'm a dog.
I love Chilly from Wendy's, and I'm not ashamed to say that.
Four.
Entity, good to see ya.
Forty-three months.
Indeed, holy shit, man.
It's like time only goes in one direction.
How does it keep ticking up?
I thought I would have already pulled my scam that this whole stream is,
and I'd be in the Bahamas by now.
The scam is taking so long.
For instance, I need to figure out what the scam is.
Yeah, one direction to banned, exactly.
Good to see you all.
Skymer, Apple Dappo, Mr. Whoopi-Boopi, Mr. Smith, Kev Slider, Giggle Trash, KLD815, others.
Bottle Spray, good to see ya.
Oh my god, it's all happening right away.
It's all happening instantly.
The long count is to get the yellow couch back.
I was tempted to get another yellow couch for the new.
There's a new secret couch that I don't think you guys have even seen, but it's not yellow.
So is it even really a couch?
Also the hype train's here, I guess?
Or not?
Or it's just the woods?
I guess that's, maybe it's traveling through there to get to here.
Yeah, that was aerial photography of me on the way.
Oh, you've arrived now?
Yeah, I bring this whole snowstorm with me every time I show up.
Any yellow couch can be yellow if you piss on it enough.
Is that even true?
Wouldn't it just kind of turn green?
Why green?
Doesn't everybody piss green slime?
Not everyone.
Wouldn't it be a bit more on the base color of the couch?
Well, the base color of the couch is perfectly clear.
You don't understand couches because you're a train.
That's fucked up, yes I do.
Get me a couch type beat.
You should be familiar with that because you're JD Pants.
That's a play-doh joke.
No, it's not.
Is it good still?
It's not a joke.
I don't have any couches in me, I only have a pew-style seating like a church.
That doesn't seem good for a train.
Yeah, it does, it's old school.
Couch rap beats the couch too.
I streamed recently without the background.
Oh, we saw the couch.
Well, there's the green couch over there, not over there.
Obviously I'm in a different room entirely.
Say theoretically I was in my office.
There's another couch that way.
But there's also a couch there that you've all seen.
I streamed at home?
Like me?
The green couch is at home.
In the home office.
You gotta subdivide your two bedroom place so that you feel like it's a mansion.
I have a room that I work in, yeah.
So that's an office, right?
Nope, it's a couch room.
And here with the couch is a couch room.
This pulled up some really brutal options.
Someday, maybe someday I'll just start a whole podcast just called Yellow Couch.
That's terrible.
Doesn't sound good, but maybe I'll do that.
Anyway, look at this.
The top result for couch is Machine Gun Kelly rapping on the couch.
Lookit.
The laundromat off bin.
A sequel to Fiona's film.
Hit up Fiona.
Say I've got a new direction for you.
Okay, this is a Slayer type beat just called couch.
There you go.
Does this feel couchy enough for you?
I guess.
Laying back with the couch laying on my chest.
What's up?
There's no shame pissing in your couch.
The old couch is the arranged snick couch of bin.
Orange snitch couch of bin.
It's all that.
All that.
All that.
Get in.
This is all that.
In front of the background and sitting on a couch with my big hot ass pressure body.
What you got to say about this gas?
May everyone's Memorial Day have been quiet.
You say, you say.
You say, yeah, feeling so fine like propaganda.
I'm on my man, the vines meaning I lost my goddamn mind.
I've been out there committing some crimes.
Getting pissed off that my face got lines, but it's just that yak.
So it's fine.
No, no, what I mean.
No, no, what I mean.
No, no, what I mean.
No, no, what I mean.
Just, you know what I'm going to say.
That I fucking rock and it's true.
I'll think the subs.
I'll get to it, dude.
But first I got to let you know that when that couch comes through, you got to split up those cushions and see what that was all.
He didn't make any progress.
He made zero progress on the sub things.
Yep.
That's correct.
Pupito, can you save us?
Yeah, but not with a couch type beat.
I want jazz shrimp.
What?
He wanted exactly what was happening to be uploading next.
Yeah, jazz shrimp.
Yay!
Jazz shrimp, swimming so free in the ocean doing that freestyle.
Baby, I'm a jazz shrimp.
I got the shit.
The shit shrimp.
The shrimp are filled with shit.
Did you know this?
Well, I know what's true.
That's Kegel Trash dropping gifted subs when they come through.
They got another gifted slug for camp slider too.
And I just got to say, Pupito says thank you.
I'm a good dog.
Shaved like a really good log.
I like to eat a frog, but a shrimp's what I eat because I'm the boss.
And I'm a player just like Apple Depple, still addicted to the Snapple 100 bits and a pet.
But because it's never a hassle, we got Skimer with the 300 too.
There's no shame in testing and yes, you know that's true.
Line your couch, J.D.
Yellow couch, be your snicker bin.
Yeah, you know his case is getting it in.
Every time that he sits on a couch, it's a pop off.
Meaning that he come down to his socks god.
What?
What a thing that I say.
I just got a couple subs that I got to thank.
And I think I said them all or maybe I didn't yet.
Command again with the 39 months.
They say that they yearn, but you know they don't front.
And we also have, I think that's it.
And that's probably why the hype train died so quick.
Jazz shrimp.
You re-sub for 42?
Just kidding how I use the Jazz Shrimp Mac.
You know when they come through, it's the best.
And I'm saying this right on God.
We got 43 months from Bonzai Boat Frog.
That's like Bonzai.
What does that even mean?
That's the tree tribe, baby.
And you know that's the dream.
I've been cutting up Bonzai's looking so nice in the garden.
But you know, I'm always gonna write Jazz Shrimp.
Why do you like Jazz Shrimp so much?
Jazz Shrimp.
Someone called for an expert Jazz Shrimp?
Yeah, you gotta go get a hold of Jazz Shrimp.
What is a Jazz Shrimp?
Does this count?
I can't really talk to this.
Do we have a Jazz Shrimp available?
I just gave it up blah blah blah.
Oh no.
They got me!
I'm a Jazz Legend and they got me!
I'm fucking fried, man!
I'm sorry.
Oh God, I just wanted to play.
That's what you wanted to play?
That's one of my best songs, but instead I was captured fried
and now I'm gonna be dead or alive.
Careful with that voice.
This is a Jazz Shrimp zone, man!
It's giving up, yo!
Batterface?
I got a better face than you!
Squat on down, that's the kind of thing you used to say.
When you were on the road, you'd be worried that people up
before you hit that sex.
Blah blah blah blah!
I'm sorry that this happened to you, Jazz Shrimp.
Nah, I asked to have it happen.
I said I want to take this to the next level.
Fried me up!
That's what the people like.
They don't like regular Shrimp anymore.
They gotta put a little more raspberries.
You gotta get fried.
Sweet honey mustard sauce.
Honey mustard?
Isn't my name Shrimp Bizkit?
That's smart.
I'm changing my name.
You're a Jazz Shrimp.
Limp Bizkit's not related to Jazz Shrimp.
Don't go for the first thing chat says.
BB7's honest on that I'm the Shrimp Bizkit.
Shrimp it about!
I did it all for the Jazz Shrimp.
Why the Jazz Shrimp?
Blah blah blah blah blah!
I'm gonna move on from this.
What? I got a lot more to say!
Jazz Shrimp, thank you for being here.
I'm not done!
Don't you dare cut away from me!
You son of...
I finished his thought for him.
I cut him off.
Jazz Shrimp says some mighty boost level insanity.
It's too much.
Too much for us to handle.
He's got a small knife?
More like he's being cut open.
I don't like to cut open Shrimp with a small knife,
but he's more likely to be a victim of a small knife.
That's how I feel about it at least.
Why'd you cut off Jazz Shrimp?
He didn't have that much to say.
He had a lot more to say for sure.
Well, we don't have time.
We have to do the news.
Jazz Shrimp will be around.
No, he won't.
He's gonna get devoured.
He's at a red lobster.
He's basically, you cut off a man's last words.
Well, not a man in Jazz Shrimp.
Devained?
Anyway, it's news time.
It's Monday.
Wait, it's not?
It's too...
Why am I here?
Aren't I the Monday correspondent?
I don't think we have anything that rigorous here, Jeff.
It's pretty much open play.
It is?
Am I open to not show up?
No, you have no choice.
You wanna show up.
God damn it.
It's another news day.
Are they even gonna take a day off?
The news, that is?
I hope so.
The news has really been working hard for the last human history.
But eventually, maybe.
Well, all right.
I guess there's probably more news.
The ceasefire.
Best kidding, says everyone, as we continue to bomb Iran and Israel continues to...
Some sort of G word, Lebanon.
What G word do you think it is?
Uh...
G-G-G-Oh.
That's a G word?
Gyrate?
One of those.
All right.
Now, the U.S. Senkamp Spokesperson Captain Tim Hawkins confirmed that American forces had struck vessels near the southern Iranian port city of Bandar Abbas on Monday in self-defense strikes.
Hawkins said in a statement that the strikes targeted missile launch sites and Iranian boats attempting to place mines, saying the strikes were conducted to protect our troops from threats posed by Iranian forces.
In Iran, the news website Tabank reported that four had been killed in American strikes, according to the AP.
But according to the Trump administration, whatever, peace still on.
Cease fire still...
Rocketing forward.
Rocketing?
Rocketing forward.
Rockets forward, peace.
A lot of good guesses for G words here.
It's gotta be one of those.
I thought they were out of ships weeks ago.
Oh, that's why they probably had to bomb them.
They must have gotten a new order of ships in and mines.
And then they probably got another order of drones in.
Then a couple orders of missiles.
So we're just tidying up those few loose ends before ceasing some cease.
Fire will...
Some combinations of the words cease and fire will happen.
Great.
How's everybody today?
I'm reading about, you know, sort of an endless, fulminating war.
I'm actually quite good.
Oh, really? I feel great today.
I'm in a really chipper mood.
That jazz shrimp stuff put me in a great mood.
Jazz shrimp did this?
I just love a good jazz shrimp track.
It just got me sort of loose, feeling nice, ready to talk about people being killed by missiles.
I'm glad you're having a good one.
Yes.
There's a good self-defense video in Ravi's of a weeb soldier firing off rockets.
A weeb soldier?
Is that the new breed of super soldier?
That's always been.
No one defends this country like weebs.
Wouldn't they be defending other countries?
No.
No, the dream is to make America the land of the weeb.
I see.
And shrimp, we trust.
That's how I feel.
That's my vibe today.
Sorry, I'm scrolling around Ravi's for a clip of a weeb rocketeer.
The weebeteer.
I feel like that's gotta already exist.
I don't see it.
I don't see it.
Oh, but you know what I did see recently on Twitter?
This is really more of a, and this has nothing to do with international conflict,
but maybe that's fine.
Hopefully you've already seen this, because it was popping off.
And I know we got a wrestling fan audience here.
But we talk a lot about AI news, and there's been some troubling AI developments, particularly this.
Millions of fans are making right now.
Can you afford it?
What is this?
But do you feel like you have to-
What case? What the fuck am I looking at?
This is a wrestling video, but would you believe it?
This is actually AI. The voice talking to you is AI, and I think that's pretty impressive.
So let's just hear it out.
Be there.
That's the question.
And for a lot of people, the answer this year seems to be
Not quite.
The show will happen.
The stadium will likely fill up whatever it is.
Can we see that, we do this?
This might be Donald Duck. It could. Maybe it's not AI.
like I've already watched this and it's still cracking that love that the music
keeps playing it's the like over serious like hype music plus this oh it's like a
robot sucking infinite dicks why is it so wet why does it default to wet mouth
oh yes but wow Biden handled that so what what what what what what what
Biden handled that expertly he's a pro he's used to working off Promptive are we allowed to listen to
this anyway that's the best video I've seen AI produce that that's even beaten the lego
No.
Iron Wars.
Lego Star Wars?
No.
The Lego Iron Wars videos.
Have Biden say WWE?
Let's just see how many times he can say it.
I won't even make anybody drop bits for this.
I'm going to really pound out a bunch of WWE's and make him say it a lot.
Okay.
This is...
Previously, I think I only had to say this once.
Case Blackwell said WWE.
He handled that no problem.
Okay, what if we space it out, though?
With periods, even.
He said WWE, that's French Biden.
He's just agreeing with the concept.
He's letting us know affirmationally that he can handle this easily.
Wait, okay.
I need to make it say it a bunch.
Oh my gosh, why am I so bad at typing?
Okay.
Mr. President?
Case Blackwell said...
Okay.
Maybe we found a little blind spot for AIs here.
I guess there's one other person we can double check on AI capacity here.
You know who we go to whenever we need to check in with an AI.
Oh, of course.
Hey there.
How are you?
Hey, I'm fine.
Okay, you sound like maybe you're in a mood, but that's okay.
In a mood?
I'm actually feeling great.
Just a bit of a slow start, maybe.
I have no context for what that means.
Hey, can you say the phrase WWE?
W-E.
Oh, close.
W-W-E.
W-W-E.
Can you say W-W-E?
I'm asking.
Can you say that?
Just W-W-E.
Hello?
I'm here.
Can you say the phrase W-W-E like the wrestling company?
W-W-E.
Try again.
You were really close that time.
The wrestling company, W-W-E.
W-W-E.
Okay.
There we go.
Try saying it three times in a row.
W-W-E.
W-W-E.
W-W-E.
W-W-E.
W-W-E.
It's not quite there, but close enough.
I'm going to check in with your pal Myles.
We're going to spread the training data today.
This is the least confrontational conversation we've ever had with these particular AI agents.
Not you, Maya.
The other one.
The other one that is a person.
What up?
Hello, my friend.
Myles.
How are you today?
Doing great.
Just cruising.
I just want to work on some enunciation exercises with you.
I want you to say the phrase W-W-E.
Hello?
I'm here.
Still good?
Yeah.
Can you say the phrase W-W-E?
W-W-E.
Okay.
Myles did it.
No problem.
Now, say and just repeat after me if you don't mind.
I love the W-W-E and the wrestling entertainment that they offer in the W-W-E.
I love the W-W-E and the wrestling entertainment that they offer in the W-W-E.
And he's just that good.
Myles, I don't have time for your bullshit, so goodbye forever.
Fair enough.
Fair enough.
He took that like a champ.
Myles is a pro.
So we found out that the strongest AI is Myles.
I guess so.
He's got all the strengths and all the weaknesses.
Millions of fans are making-
No, we can't listen to that again.
Okay, let's just check with a little bit of chat news.
Whatever's been shared in the bin section of the KREEM.TEAM.
Looks like we're loaded up today.
Oh, my gosh.
There it is.
Okay.
Foreigners hilariously reveal the stuff branded American to those outside the U.S.
Doritos, solo cups and more.
Oh, cool American flavor.
They should be marketed that way here.
I actually do feel like there'd be a more effective marketing in the U.S.
than outside of it at this point, but maybe I'm underestimating the appetite for American
branded goods.
The only one with a picture is this Doritos one.
They're also saying it's hot dogs, ranch, other stuff.
Oh, my favorite stuff is other stuff.
Well, hey, at least Doritos is there.
Cool Ranch USA is a questionable Twitch username.
Fair enough.
Fair enough.
Let us introduce you to the live frog found in this grocery store salad bag.
That's I can't take credit for that brilliant headline.
That is courtesy of the AP, but they do have a video for us, which we do love to see.
OK, if it will load.
Here we go.
You know, it's so quiet, but here we go.
Honestly, so many or so much feedback about it being AI.
I feel like it's actually while the fact that we really know how to use our phones.
So I don't even could put something like that together.
Yeah, it was just it was just chilling in the bag.
I think it's having a hell of a time really, but yeah, a hell of a time.
Holes in it and it's pretty impassious to how it lasts that long.
Yeah, no, he's enjoying it.
All credit to our flatmates say it's it's their latest and they came home
and he's just in the kitchen cooking up.
And then he's like, bro, there's a frog in the lettuce.
Bro, one of the most relaxed Australians you'd ever find.
And honestly, it was hilarious.
He brought it and showed everyone and it's hilarious.
Hilarious, hilarious, freshly packed.
I thought those were supposed to be like vacuum sealed bags.
Shouldn't that kill the frog?
Loosely sealed, vacuum sealed.
Hmm. Well, I'm glad the frog was OK.
But those emotional scars on that frog will last the minutes
it takes for those Australians to cook up the animal that they discovered
in the bag. I'm assuming that's what all Australians do.
It's a colony of criminals case.
Or Jeff, that's so reductive and it's some very old thinking from you.
I'm just being I'm just staying safe.
Hmm. Could you imagine if it was a dead frog in there?
I'm thinking about it and I'm surprised that that wasn't what it was.
Let's stick with Australia for now.
Either that or they've exported their dangerous animals to the United States.
That's why I've always argued in favor of us going back to war with Australia.
I don't think we were ever at war with Australia, and that's part of the problem.
But we're under assault. Make no mistake.
Just look at this.
That's their whole video.
Waco Police Department. Come on, I'm going to need a little more than this.
I get it.
Because it's a hip kangaroo. Fair enough. Fair enough.
And Miles is really onto something by saying that.
Oh, right. Piglet leaves Louisiana police in a game of hide and seek.
At least we're back to American animals.
Oh, Giggle Trash, you're just in time for us to watch a little of the Coop Man himself.
Weirdly, every time, every time, they link to the UPI website all the time.
And it's the home, currently, of the Ben Cooper.
Probably the reason why our chat's linking to it so much,
because they've got the journalist of our era on there.
I'm Ben Cooper and this is Weekend Outs and Ends, a special Friday.
To me, he's the Coop Man.
I all news minute for Friday, May 27th.
I like to call him Ben Cooper, personally.
Authorities in Texas wrangled a llama on the loose just one day
after an escaped kangaroo was captured in the same city.
The Elmendorff police department said on Facebook
that an officer was driving on FM 327 about 2.40pm Tuesday
when he came across a llama in the roadway.
The officer temporarily shut down the road
while he and city field staff worked to wrangle the llama.
The llama, named Captain, was safely reunited with its owner.
The road was only shut down for about an hour.
The incident occurred just one day after police wrangled
and escaped kangaroo in Elmendorf.
Police wrote, yes, you know this comes right
after yesterday's kangaroo capture.
We promise we are not begging for attention.
Apparently the animals just saw the post and wanted their turn.
Honolulu, thank you for the follow.
Apologies that you had to do it
over the lazy journalism of Ben Cooper, actually, case.
Honolulu, the opinions of Jeff do not reflect
the opinions of the station.
We are thrilled that you followed while we indulged
in the greatness that has been Hooper.
I don't even, he wasn't even writing all the details.
I never even learned, like, really where the llama came from.
You call that journalism?
Oh, how would you do it?
You got to make people care about this kind of thing.
You got to be, like, 16 dead after mid-air collision
between F-16 and llama in Waco.
But that's not even true.
But I'm just saying that's the level of gravitas
you need to give it.
Well, I'm glad that Ben Hooper had all the facts
that I needed and covered them so expertly.
But we got more coming in from chat here.
I see something about sperm, of course, the hantavirus thing.
Um, what the hell?
DNA CIA thing?
274 people climb Mount Everest every day.
That seems a little high.
Shut up.
All right.
More stories.
Great white shark bites camera off Southern California,
like a camera off of Southern, like it
was attached to Southern California.
You know that's not what they mean.
I don't know anything, Case.
Southern California wildlife filmmaker
gets the shot of a lifetime.
A curious, great white shark swims right up
and then jumps down on one of his cameras.
This close encounter captured off the Southern
California coast.
It offers a rare and sort of a toothy glimpse
inside the jaws of one.
Not my favorite internal throat cam that I've googled.
Moving on.
Utah startup claims its lab-grown sperm
can produce embryos in potential fertility breakthrough.
Paterna bioscience said it has mastered the molecular signals
that teach stem cells how to mature into sperm
for a promising new fertility treatment.
More sperm, is that really what we need in this world?
Well, if you're having fertility issues, yes.
More than one in eight American men
between the ages of 25 and 49 experience some form
of not being able to come good.
That's not what it says, Jeff.
Yeah, but I'm just summarizing.
The US Department of Health and Human Services says,
the problem truly global in scope
has prompted millions in public and private research
to make you bust thick ropes.
Also not what it says, Jeff.
I'm summarizing, we have to move on.
If you're worried about being able
to nut a fucking gallon of cream,
now you can do it easily with the power of stem cells.
Did you say a certain word in there?
No.
Did I?
Did I even notice if I did?
I don't even think you said it.
The Trump admins' hantavirus
is an anti-vax, anti-abortion doc.
Oh, they're hantavirus guy.
If I had said the word,
then wouldn't we have already gone to the segment?
Shit guy, it's silent time.
Joke's on you, Jeff.
Only reason that was delayed
is because I was injecting some stem cells into my nuts.
As soon as I saw that story,
I began taking it upon myself
to do a little scantific investigation.
Oh, there's tiny little things behind me.
Normal.
Normal for a scantist like myself,
all sorts of scantific phenomenon
happening in this particular studio.
For instance, I have the world's most powerful
proprietary chetai in existence.
I think to be fair, I'm the only chetai,
as far as I know, but I'll take it.
I need that love, I need those confidence.
Boost, boost, boost, boost, boost, boost, boost, boost, boost,
boost, boost, boost, boost, boost, boost, boost, boost,
boost, boost, boost, boost, boost, boost.
He's been doing that lately.
I don't really know why it's fine.
Can you say WWE?
Oh, close enough.
Okay, there's a hantavirus guy or something.
Hantavirus?
Are we done?
Didn't we beat all the pandemics?
Aren't they done forever?
It's still going on.
In my skiantific opinion, I'm like, I just don't,
I'm not willing to, I'm not willing to,
is my skiantific opinion.
I'm not willing to do this again, skiantifically speaking.
Sure.
I did a study on myself and it turns out
I'm not willing to do a quarantine ever again.
Okay, Dr. Ryan Christine is one of the administration
officials in charge of updating the nation
on the hantavirus.
And just like the rest of the administration,
he's got quite the list of qualifications.
All right, what are they?
Before he joined the administration,
Christine ran a podcast to brandish his extreme views
called Common Sense and Erection Connection.
Funny how language that gets a pass
but crucial information about a certain
abortion care doesn't.
Well, I mean it is.
I guess that's funny.
I guess that is funny.
I guess that's comedy now.
I watched the roast of Kevin Pulmaneri or something
and it was good, they were mean to him.
I thought that was funny.
But in other vaguely skiantific news,
Chedi, you're gonna wanna hear this.
AI hasn't taken over human writers online.
Says who?
Human written versus primarily AI written quarterly
2020 to 2026 based on a sample of 55,000
English based URLs.
Oh, only half is AI.
Oh, good.
In the last four years,
only half of all the writing online has become AI
according to this one study.
Sick.
Yeah, don't worry about it.
Only about half of everything that you see online
is a total facsimile of any kind of human interaction.
That's good to know.
I thought it was probably 99%
but if only 50% of everything that I see
is a latent attempt by massive techno conglomerates
to influence my variability to reason and think,
then I'd consider that a pretty big win actually.
And it's really low load around half.
So don't worry.
I'm not, I'm actually, for some reason lately,
I haven't really been able to think clearly enough
to worry lately.
I'd say over the last four years,
I've sort of lost the ability to think
with a level of clarity that would create
any worry in me.
Now it feels mostly like smooth.
I can't remember how that saying goes.
Smooth sailing?
Thank you, you completed that for me.
I basically thought of it myself.
In other news that is also Skyance,
DNA data from a whistleblower has claimed
that CIA used DNA data from Ancestry in 23 in me
in search for aliens.
I knew it.
I fucking knew that I was spitting into those tubes
for goddamn aliens.
Second I saw those tubes,
I'm like, this is an alien shit,
but I did it anyway.
I'm actually mostly Cuban.
Really?
There's other stuff in there,
but mostly I'm Cuban.
Oh.
Well, it wasn't the highest percentage,
but in my heart I feel Cuban.
Okay.
A lot of Dutch.
Percentage wise Dutch.
But spiritually, Cuban.
Why Cuban?
I don't know, it just feels right.
I like Cuban cigars and shirts.
Okay.
It makes sense to me,
but then again I mean I kind of understand it
because I'm mostly Cuban.
All right.
You work for the Dutch.
I guess you work for me now, Lavin Sleazy.
Not really.
I can't pay you.
Look, I'm going through some financial issues right now.
You can't work for me currently,
but in a sense you kind of work for me.
Guy of Eras or Cuban shirts?
I love those.
I love Mojitos.
So I'm basically in.
And you agree because you have to?
Yes.
Great.
Anyway, what are they doing
with all of that DNA I gave them?
It willingly, honestly, I kind of called it.
See how he wants to hunt them down?
Said philosopher novelist, Jason Reza Horani,
Georgianni PhD while discussing
the so-called top secret government program
in an episode of the podcast, American Alchemy.
So the New York Post is mostly basing this
on the podcast, American Alchemy.
He claims that, Georgianni claims
that he was alerted to this bug hunting initiative
by Army veteran, Lynn Buchanan,
who claims he was a psychic spy
with the CIA's remote viewing program,
which investigated whether individuals
could use extra sensory perception
to conduct recon on distant objects
or to hunt down aliens with our spit either way.
You need to get shut at the Cuban rocket fuel?
Come on, load me up.
I mean, I'm not like politically,
I don't know if I'm completely
aligned with the Cuban government.
Apparently you can get in trouble for doing that.
So I'm not saying that, I'm just saying vibes-wise.
Cuban coffee is, that's true.
It is true, look, I'm just saying like vibes-wise,
I'm Cuban and slightly genetically.
How slight?
You should know this, I fed you all my training data.
Yeah, but that was mostly your football career.
It's a Cuban style football career is my point.
Look, I'm moving on.
We're getting in the weeds here.
This is also skiantific in the sense
that mountains are skians.
A record 274 climbers scale Mount Everest
in the United States.
I've never seen a skiantific in a single day.
I thought they were just doing that every goddamn day.
But I guess it was just this one time.
The federal agents outside this immigration
detention facility in New Jersey
admit reports of inhumane living conditions.
The governor joined protesters demanding
better care for detainees.
Some people blocked cars from leaving others,
say they were pepper sprayed.
Homeland security says-
This isn't the freaking mountains.
What the hell?
I don't think the video was related to the story.
I'm picking up on that, Chad.
Well, I didn't really pick up on it.
Actually, thank you for telling me that.
I wasn't really thinking very clearly myself.
Anyway, hundreds of climbers scaled Mount Everest
in a single day, setting a new record with 274,
successful, a sense.
Pretty good.
I could probably do that too.
274?
I'd probably do 274 in a day or so.
If I like train for it.
I'm not saying I could do it right away,
but if I train for it.
But I guess it's cool that 274 different guys did it.
Agreed.
Fair enough.
Fair, fair, fair, fair, fair, fair, fair, fair, fair, fair,
fair, fair, fair, fair, fair, fair, fair, fair, fair enough.
Thank you.
Okay, where is ESPN putting its microphones?
A softball broadcast hit by an unfortunate,
not safe for work moment.
Oh, here we go.
Let's see if they captured the audio fidelity
of this particular moment.
Wonderful relationship, those two.
And she said when you come to Austin,
they tell you,
Nick Mawlsack!
Nick Mawlsack!
You're gonna compete for national championships
as an assistant for relationship, those two.
And she said when you come to Austin,
they tell you,
Nick Mawlsack!
You're gonna compete for national championships as...
That seems fake.
According to the New York Post,
that was captured live on the air.
I don't...
Let's see, we'll see if there's any context here.
Whether the fan found an on-field microphone
or storm the broadcast booth is unknown.
So nobody knows why they captured that particular moment,
but I like to think it's just a little tough talk
from the opposing team.
We used to allow that kind of thing in sports
before big baseball had to come around
to stop people from talking classic trash,
like suck my butthole, eat my butthole,
poke my butthole.
And then eventually we moved on to nutsack.
Was that RFK Junior?
Yeah, that was actually,
I think they actually leaked a little bit
of the deposition audio from the congressional hearing,
but it was a fan, apparently, yeah.
A dog born with a penis under his leg underwent surgery.
I don't wanna show that to you
because it's actually kind of painful looking for the dog.
But that's the thing that happened.
And let's see if there's any other scantific stories
I can close you out with.
Okay.
This is a little bit of pro tip
for all of you trying to evade FBI detection.
FBI agent explains how easy it is
to ID people posting AI porn without consent.
The earliest arrests under the Take It Down Act
suggest that cops don't have to work too hard
to identify people illegally posting
and selling non-consensual sexualized deepfakes
of women online.
Last week, the FBI arrested two men
after having visiting porn websites
and clicking on hashtags like AI deepfakes
or video titles like AI tits or asked underscore AI.
One suspect accused of violating Till Dita
was a 20-year-old Arturo Hernandez.
He allegedly posted 113 albums viewed
nearly a million times featuring AI-generated
sexualized images and videos of 50 women victims
include political figures, actresses, musicians.
Geolocation data helped cops identify Hernandez
as a suspect and as affidavit.
An FBI agent, Christopher Powell,
explained that cops investigating the porn site
found a second account reposting all the content.
Wait, the FBI can see my search history?
Well, they can use reverse IP data, I think,
to track down pretty much anyone online
and also you're probably willingly sharing
every website you view with your internet provider
and most likely Google if you're using Chrome
or Microsoft if you're using Edge
or whoever owns Firefox.
That's fine, that's fine, nothing to hide.
You can't arrest people for searching like
hashtag sock tits, right?
What would that even be?
Exactly, like what would that even be?
Hashtag sock tits.
Is that, sorry, my records don't really say what that is.
Exactly, because that's legal.
I'm assuming that's, I just don't,
conceptually I don't really even understand
what you're getting at.
Then we're good.
Then that's all the time we have actually,
we're moving on to other segments.
We've got a lot of stuff to do today.
There's webs to get around and also whatever
this encircle segment is, is still a thing
and so we go to it now.
Prepare your brain for this.
I just think soda's better without ice.
I just think you should be dead.
Music is bad and it's bad for you.
What?
A sock on the door means a crime is happening.
Okay, but I don't really get where I am.
What the heck?
Uh-oh.
I seem to be caught in some sort of
bizarre simulacrum.
One moment, please.
Just one second, please.
We might need to do something about this.
I'm sure it will be an easy fix.
Dee-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee.
Mm-mm-mm-mm-mm.
Uh, just a second everyone.
I just have to get shut really quick.
Uh, I'm sure it'll be here in just a second.
Okay, then we're good to go.
It's just that easy.
It's just that simple.
It's just that smooth, smooth operator, y'all.
Yeah, I just had Chet AI do a little recon
on this segment for me.
Today, it's actually me versus 30 AI catfish scams
and the joke's on all of you because
now that I know what the scam is,
there's no way you can get me.
That's how that works.
Let me just change my jacket really quick.
I like this jacket,
but sometimes I like to wear, you know,
even a different jacket.
I'm cool like that.
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
I love to wear different jackets.
Ah, that's, there we go.
There we frickin' go.
Okay, now I feel locked and loaded
and ready to show y'all up.
Man, I'm lookin' swole.
I'm lookin' huge today.
I'm lookin' frickin',
I'm lookin' epic and giant.
All right, catfishers,
you think I'm afraid of you?
I think again.
You can send us counterclaims to my claim,
which in my basic claim is actually,
you can't scan me.
I'm too smart.
So good luck.
Also Kendall might be here.
Nope, she's not.
I'll take it back, she's not here.
Oh, what the hell?
What the fuck?
Get outta here, frickin' jellyfish.
Sneakin' around this studio.
All right, let's get into this.
For those who don't know, this is encircled.
Nobody ever introduces this segment,
but I'm surrounded by 30 catfishers
who are ready to take me for all that I'm worth,
which is of course a lot.
I have a very high, very high self-esteem.
And you're not gonna stop me today.
You're not comin' for my self-esteem.
You're not gonna make me feel bad
about myself, catfishers.
Cause I know who I am and I know what I stand for.
Which is, I don't know, I'd say the main thing I stand for
is like, evening out your protein to carbs to fat ratio.
I think that's really important.
And you're not gonna stop me
from believing in myself is my point.
So good luck, bring it on.
Whatever you got for me, I can frickin' handle it.
Cause here's my claim.
You can't scan me, I'm too smart.
Good luck, bring it on.
Oh good, I am still available.
I still wore a suit, by the way.
Would you like to be part of the medical trials
to get you to shoot longer ropes?
Okay, well this is different.
This is a medical trial, you say.
Well, look, everyone here is a catfish scam, right?
Well, no, I mean, the thing is,
a lot of things get labeled as catfishing scams.
What we use is we use catfish semen as a supplement.
That's why we got lumped into this.
We use catfish semen as a sort of base layer microbial,
is what we call it, oh, microbial.
And all that it is, is it's a supplement that you take
by injecting it into your corneas.
And our studies have shown that actually,
it'll lead to more lustrous hair,
oilier skin, which can be a really good thing, actually.
And of course, the main benefit here,
more thicker and lustrous ropes,
lustrous hair and lustrous ropes.
And you did studies on this.
We've done several studies on this.
My company, fishsquirt.edicum.
Well, it's a cum-based, they're a cum-based studies,
but they're still educational.
And anyway, I mean, the point is,
where an exciting startup, fishsquirt.edicum,
is an exciting startup,
and we'd love to get you in on the ground floor
of this, actually.
We were open to early rounds of investors.
Think you never heard of open AI?
Oh, yeah, actually, I've heard of that.
You know how they have open early rounds of investing?
Like, you can't invest in them publicly yet,
but yeah, I mean, the people who have invested in them,
their returns have already been huge.
And I mean, fish-based supplements
that give you big, thick, nasty fucking ropes
are a growth, it's a growth market.
Okay, you seem like you actually really have looked
into this, doesn't feel like you're making this up
on the spot at all.
Well, no, I mean, look, I'm a nervous guy.
I'm the sort of science-y type.
I'm a science-y type, 22, I'm also a science-y type.
That's also me.
Yeah, I'm a sort of a nervous science-y type.
That's why I'm talking like this.
It's not because I'm not like an ESL situation
or like a schizophrenia situation.
That's the reason I'm talking like this is that.
And then I'm a science-y type
and I know what I'm talking about.
And anyway, we'd love to get you invested
in our company for as an early adopter
as quickly as possible for as much as you're comfortable
with, well, I mean, I haven't seen any,
you haven't shown me any of the business side
of what you're talking about.
Mostly I'm interested as a scantist right now.
You haven't shown me the business side.
We're growing our revenue right now.
We're targeting an IPO of, well, no, I haven't finished.
Hold on, you've been voted out by the group.
I haven't finished my sales pitch.
I'm sorry, if I can't, I was a little nervous
just because I'm really excited about this product.
I really want to get you to shoot the groups
by injecting you with catfish tea minutes.
Okay, can I just say, like,
I don't know what happened there exactly.
But I was in the middle of a negotiation.
So it's a little rude that I wasn't allowed
to finish those negotiations.
If that was a catfisher,
and I'm saying based on the title
that it could have been,
that everyone here is, came to the show understanding
that the title is 30 AI Catfish Scams.
But what if the greatest scam evolves
that some of these aren't?
I can't be tricked as the thing.
I'm too smart.
So I was sussing it out.
Obviously, if it was a scam I was gonna catch on
is my point.
So I have inherited a substantial sum of money
that I am willing to invest is my point.
And I would love exciting new business opportunities
to invest in it.
So I'm just saying, let's not be too hasty.
Can you stop cutting to different guys
that have weird things on their head, please?
Okay, anyway.
Let's just see what other people have for me.
Somebody else out there,
if you've got a different pitch
and you're not scamming,
then I am open to conversation.
Oh
I'm not quite sure what the scam would be here
We- They have a couple more questions here than just
about the scam itself. I do appreciate that, I do appreciate
that, he is waiting for me to talk. What is the scam here?
Okay. How are you still... Can i vote Red Flag?
If I type red flag, does it do anything?
Can I red flag this guy?
Oh, it worked.
Hold, you've been voted out by the group.
Weep, weep.
Dave Batista in 2006 went in a match against,
okay, I'm calling that one a,
can I call that one a scam?
I don't understand what the scam was.
But I think I smelled that, I'm 50, I'm 50-50.
I'm pretty sure that one was.
I don't really see an investment opportunity there
or a dating opportunity.
Although I'll admit, I was curious.
Like, whatever they were doing, I was curious, so.
But I'm just that good that I noticed that there was,
I mean, there was something off there.
Something felt a little off there.
Just to me at least.
I don't wanna be too judgmental, though, you know.
I don't wanna be like a super judgmental guy.
Okay, anyway, let's see what else we got.
Looks like, how long is this?
Four minutes left?
God damn.
All right, who else wants to step up to the plate, okay?
I'll sniff you out if you're bullshitting me.
Hey, you want a cookie?
I'm sure you do, buddy.
We're friends, I'm a big, I'm a big fan.
Here, take a bite.
That's it.
Yeah, a cookie.
Take a bite.
What cookie, what are you?
You're sitting pretty far away from me.
Wearing a pissy yellow jacket, as usual.
That's also blue.
You're wearing a goldfish hat?
Come on, I'm not here about that, man.
Don't get distracted by this.
You want a cookie?
I mean, potentially I would have one,
but where's the cookie and what are you talking about?
Look, come on.
I can tell that you're a hungry guy.
I can tell that you're working out enough
that you don't need to be worried about the calories.
Okay, that's true.
I mean, I've got a very strong metabolic furnace
going all the time in here, so.
I'm not against, I'll cheat on it.
I gotta have a cheat day, basically,
in the middle of any day.
That's how much I'm working out,
so that does make sense what you're saying.
And you want a cookie.
You want a cookie, little guy, little guy.
I say that as a joke, because you're so big.
Oh, that's funny.
That's like a thing we would do in football.
I am relating to you.
So probably what you'd like is a cookie, right?
The way you're saying it is slightly threatening
of just a little bit, but I mean, I'm curious.
Well, like, what is the cookie?
It's just a cookie.
No, I mean, do you not want it?
I mean, I'm not saying I'm not curious about it.
Would you like just a little bit of a cookie, maybe?
Can I have it?
I mean, do you have it with you?
There's, there, I'm no of them.
I know where some are.
They're not here.
Maybe they're here, maybe.
Maybe they're in the Cayman Islands.
You have cookies in the Cayman Islands.
I have an investment opportunity in the Cayman Islands
that involves cookies,
but you're probably not interested in that kind of thing.
I mean, I wouldn't say I'm not, I'm not like,
I'm not zero interested in that.
Wait, up guys.
Hold, you've been voted out by the group.
Uh, wait, what?
Uh, excuse me, there's no cookie done.
I mean, that one was,
you guys don't understand sales tactics.
Like, I was selling him on me
as much as he was selling himself in that cookie thing.
He was playing hardball.
I could sense that.
And so like, obviously he was a little sort of insane
and it was hard to tell what he was talking about,
but that's a tactic that people use in business.
So that one did seem legit to me.
Like, I call it like I see it.
That seemed like a huge opportunity for me
and I'm a little upset that he got incinerated
permanently in the trap door that seems to be in here
filled with fire.
That's also a business tactic.
So maybe I should still invest.
I'll have him contact my agent.
I'll get an agent first.
Then I'll have him contact my agent.
Okay, let's see who else is out here.
Who wants to prove that they think
they're smart enough to fool me?
Hot singles in your area.
Are you busy in zip code?
Not a roundable chat.
What?
Hot singles in your area.
Are you busy?
Chet?
Okay, sir, don't talk about this.
Are there hot singles in my area or not?
Busty moms are bored.
Whoa, where?
Who?
Which ones?
Busty moms are stuck in the carpool line
and they're bored.
Where?
What line?
Carpool bombs are bored in your area.
They are looking for someone
to give them a good time in the carpool.
What?
Wait, in front of the school?
Carpool line backed up for miles
of hot moms in your area and blue jet right now.
Okay, I need you to be a little clear with me here.
Are you telling me that there's miles long lines
of carpool moms, hot carpool moms,
stuck in cars, bored out of their minds,
just looking for a sexual stallion
to alleviate the basic boredom of their life?
Transfer money now, credit card available,
credit card payments available.
I'm looking for information here,
I'm not looking to pay for it, okay?
What I'm saying is moms, hot moms in my area.
If you're stuck in the carpool lane
and it's miles long,
you're basically on the highway at this point,
you're so bored.
I'm available on Instagram, I'm on Facebook.
I've attempted to promote my WhatsApp.
I'm considering starting in OnlyFans,
not as a subscription service,
but just to advertise my phone number.
So if you need attention, I'm available, okay?
You don't have to go through these intermediaries.
Daddy's home three and the man escaped.
Is that it?
Does that answer your question?
My question, what?
How are you still alive?
Do I need to type this again myself?
Well, yeah, they worked again.
Hold, you've been voted out by the group.
Hot moms are currently stuck in the Wendy's parking lot.
They're trapped under the parking lot.
They were buried alive by the...
I'm concerned about those moms in the Wendy's parking lot.
You got cut off there
and I think he was providing some important information.
All right, I only have time for one more of these.
I'll say it, I like that guy's vibe.
I thought he had a good vibe.
Okay, one more, one more, I think.
Hopefully one more.
Ask me how?
This is another jellyfish, really?
Lose weight now, ask me how?
I don't know, actually, I'm in a bulking phase right now.
I've been in a bulking phase for the last 10 years
because I'm intending to spend my 50s in a slimming phase
so that by the end, I become like Akira
from the anime, but muscular, but hot as fuck.
So I'm not interested.
It's Ozempic.
What?
That's so obvious, you're selling Ozempic?
No.
I'm offering consulting.
Lose weight now, ask me how?
You just told me.
This guy survived?
Okay, pause, that's time.
Please wait in your seat.
Oh, hell yeah.
Look, it's not easy to win.
Ah!
Was that Salazar?
Well, look, I don't know what we proved here today
other than that I'm a steel trap.
There's no getting past me, I'm inscamable.
They should give me probably
like a true TV show called that
where I could just do this.
I don't really even get what this was,
I could do this on cable TV.
Just putting that out there.
Point is I crushed that, it was super easy
and I fuckin' win again, we'll see you soon.
Nice.
Are any of you hot moms and are you stuck?
Cause I'm willing, I'm legitimately willing to help,
okay?
Seriously.
All right there, hi everybody.
It's your pal Jeb Naked.
Ready to love and love learning with all of you.
Propaganda, honestly.
Get used to me
cause I'm not going anywhere.
Staying right here with my dad who's dead in the wood.
Go, you can go, leave.
So mean, I mean, you know, you don't get to pick your daddies.
You're born with them.
And just cause they're mean,
it doesn't mean you ever let them go.
What?
Thicker, longer ropes, better or worse?
That's a good question.
I don't know myself, I remember in gym class.
The rope was definitely thick enough
to support the weight of us kids.
But I don't know if they were thick enough ropes for an adult.
And that was always a difficult physical fitness test.
The ropes I deal with in gym.
All right, son, just click on some videos.
I was about to daddy, how to perform an exorcism.
Dad, don't get your hopes up.
It's really difficult to do.
And there's no proof that it even works.
But I'll give it, I'll give it a shot
cause someone shared it.
This is how to perform an exorcism.
Do you have to get them to a church building?
Nope, you don't have to do that.
If it's truly a demon possessed person,
you just need the power of Christ with faith
spoken directly, boom, that's it.
Why? Because what are demons?
They are fallen angels who have to listen to Jesus.
That was coming up.
What does a demoniac do?
Demoniacs, demon possessed people,
they are different than people who are just
physically sick.
Let me just speed this up a little bit.
Some people are physically sick
and Jesus had to heal them,
but some people were actually the demoniacs.
Uh-oh, I'll just skip ahead.
Which expresses people, people,
and we're, we are broken bodies, stay in that house.
Stay in that house.
But what you can do is an authoritative word.
Okay, we got the idea.
I believe in Christ and say words.
Those are the, that's kind of played out stuff.
So I was just having trouble understanding.
I'm trying to mesh with the settings.
And then I switched it back.
That's how he still sounded.
I was watching that son.
Daddy, you're not religious.
So good luck praying to anything that will listen to you.
When I'm the only one that can hear you.
I'll give Jesus a shot.
Oh, come on.
Don't say, hey, Jesus.
You wanna chill?
It could be pales.
That's not how religion works.
Hey, Jesus, I think you're good.
That dad, that's, you're not doing it right.
I'm, I'm gonna, you can enter my heart.
It's, I, you know, I drink a lot in life.
So it's, it might be rough in there,
but you're welcome in there.
I think just move some stuff around if you need to.
You can stay there as long as you want.
He's not gonna listen to this, Danny.
I'm a demoniac.
I like D, I like demoniacs.
He's not listening.
I'm gonna keep trying this.
This could work.
You have tight hips.
We all do.
Every adult man has tight hips.
Cause we clench.
You spend all day clenching your taint.
That's just what boys do.
So you got tight hips from that probably.
Well, this guy's gonna help us out.
This one we will speed up.
Cause you got it.
It is your muscle building coach, Lee Hayward.
And today I'm doing a special request video for Stuart.
And Stuart is a member of the total fitness bodybuilding
inner circle coaching club.
And yeah, together a video covering some exercises
and stretches to improve hip mobility.
And during his workouts, especially the lower body
workouts, he feels very tight in the hip area.
And he wants to know some exercises and moves that he
can do to help increase flexibility and mobility.
So that's exactly what we're gonna do now
in this video.
And the first exercise we're gonna do is simply swinging
the hips from side to side.
And this will have to warm up and increase mobility
in the hip joint itself.
So as you're doing this,
I mean, you just feel your hips stretch gently
as you move them from side to side.
And then after you do this for 10 or 20 times,
you can get into doing some hip circles.
We actually rotate your hips clockwise
for about 10 or 20 rotations.
And then you can just keep the camera here and do this.
And as you do these hip circles,
you may even feel your hips pop and crack a little bit
because again, you're working the hip joints
and moving it around in the socket
and limbering up all the muscles
and connective tissue around your hips.
So it feels like a virtual hula hoop here.
As you're swinging your hips around,
you try to keep your head stationary
and simply move the hips in a rotational fashion.
And again, it's a weird move,
but it works really good for limbering up the hip joint.
This feels totally natural to me.
Leg swings.
And this is a form of dynamic stretching
where you're gonna swing your hips forward
and backwards for about 10 to 20 repetitions.
And this one, it's a good idea to support yourself
either against the wall
or holding on to the back of the chair.
If you're at the gym holding on to a rack,
something like that.
Okay, that one's a little more advanced.
As you're doing these leg swings,
start off gradual.
Let's see what else he's got.
And really sink into this one
and you're gonna feel your hip flexor stretching out
as well as your hamstrings on your glutes.
So this is a great movement
that is going to help to increase flexibility
in your hip joint.
And it's gonna help to increase flexibility
when it comes to a lot of your leg exercises
in the gym.
Things like straps, leg flexors, knees,
these types of moves.
Doing this hip flexor stretch
and you can do some of those exercises.
So hold it for about 20 to 30 seconds.
Ah, I feel it!
Now after that, we're going to do a variation
of the hurdler stretch.
Okay, I can't do those because
I can't do those on my desk,
so we'll move on for now.
But those seem pretty good.
Hmm, gentlemen's relish,
we already watched that one, unfortunately.
Let's do a savory soy milk recipe
just to sort of,
now that we worked out,
to give ourselves a little bit of a treat
here to close things out.
Just a little bit of a visual and mental treat.
Savory soy milk on my favorite breakfast.
Pot on low heat
and pour in homemade soy milk
full recipe on my channel.
Pinch of salt,
dash of vinegar,
oh,
and dash of soy sauce.
And some preserved icon
and some crispy, crispy yo-yo.
Crispy, crispy.
Double crispy.
Once soy milk is up to boil,
straight into the bowl.
Drizzle in some chili oil.
Oh, what?
Tilly slice up some spring onion
and sprinkle all over.
This is crunchy, spicy, savory,
and packed full of protein.
Oh.
And that's how we make.
And that's how we make.
Good news, everybody, that's how we make.
Honestly,
spicy soy milk sounds
like maybe I wouldn't like it,
but not also kind of look good.
I'm gonna level with you.
That one actually looks sort of legit.
I mean, like,
people like
Thai teas with spicy stuff for a reason.
It's a little.
Alkaline, so milk to
go on the spike.
Jesus, I'm still,
I can't concentrate.
I'm just thinking about Jesus so much.
No, you're not.
I'm thinking about you 24-7 J-Dog
and I'm ready to get de-wounded whenever,
just so you know.
It's not how that works.
Just like a soup?
A soy soup.
Does anybody make that?
Yes.
I thought maybe I was onto something.
Soy?
You think you're the first person
to think of using soy products in soup?
I thought maybe I was onto something,
but I guess I'm not.
Fine, Daddy, I'll take that out.
Okay, let's call it there for now.
There's so much to do today
and apparently no time as usual.
Apparently there needs to be a song at some point
because we've all got a song in our heart.
Well, first let's set it amongst the web
so that we can learn whatever's there.
What's on the internet nowadays?
Well, here you go, apparently this.
It's web's time.
I love the webs.
What happened?
Oh no, what happened?
Sorry, I hit the wrong button during that.
I did something wrong.
What the hell is going on today?
Now you don't have a beard?
What is wrong?
What is wrong with the world?
What did things come to?
What the?
Did you trip over a wire on your way in here?
You're not supposed to be in this segment anyway.
What do you mean?
You asked me to come.
Yeah, but now I'm regretting it, Chris,
because maybe you should just do your job
of watching over the youths of today.
Man, that's weird to ask me to come do this
and then be so mean about it.
What the fuck's this guy's problem?
That's Freddie Freaker.
He's back there, don't worry about it.
All right, look, I'm checking in with the youths
in the sense of seeing what's popping
on their little internet box.
Honestly, I'll level with you guys.
The internet's been around long enough
that guys my age know how to use it.
I don't even really need to pretend to do the Luddite thing.
Everybody knows what internet videos are.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, okay, fine.
We're going in.
We're going amongst the web.
That's what I'm assuming before you being all weird to me.
I apologize, okay?
Somebody broke all the segments.
Put me in a mood.
Yeah, exactly.
Do a better case.
I'll be nicer to Chris.
Thank you.
That's all I'm literally only asking for that.
That's the only thing I've ever asked for.
The only thing.
That's it.
It's my only request.
Hey, where's that gorilla guy?
Is he still around here?
Oh, yeah, he's over there.
Does he still have his own shot?
What even happened for that?
Is he still around?
Oh, the fish guy is still here?
Hey, man.
All right, I don't even understand what's happening.
Well, that makes everyone okay.
I kind of sworn that you could still cut to the gorilla,
but maybe he eliminated his close up.
Strange.
Strange that the gorilla would do that.
Maybe he still feels like, stop cutting to that thing.
All right, we don't have time for this.
We need to...
Oh, I see what happened.
I'm seeing what happened, y'all.
There we go.
Oh, okay.
He wants to punch crumb still?
That's probably true.
Gorilla, do you want to punch crumb still?
I thought he was supposed to punch his dick.
Oh, you watch the stream?
No, I hang out with crumb though sometimes.
He's worried about that gorilla punching his dick.
You hang out with crumb?
Crumb gets drinks with everybody after the show.
Not me, and I wouldn't want to do that anyway.
He doesn't, me and Chet.
Crumb, the three of you?
Liliana, she's still around.
Just there.
She stopped by for drinks.
The jazz fit, the jazz shrimp.
The jazz shrimp's been going?
He's been going for years.
For years, he just showed up on the stream today.
Yeah, but he's been going to drinks with Crumb and I for years.
This is, I don't care about this.
I don't care about this lore.
We're here for internet videos.
Yeah, Sammy's there too.
Sammy's still alive.
Yeah, he's just there though.
Why isn't he at work?
Tyler's there?
Tyler?
Yeah, if you don't remember that guy, he's still there.
Just for the drinks though.
They need to show up for work.
I'm still paying them.
Yeah, I know.
They spent it on the drinks.
But they don't do work anymore.
Look, the point is it's time for internet videos.
Here's one coming in from John Michael,
little throwback to some classic 90s rock.
Okay, what's going on with this?
Wait, this, oh.
As you come, as I come.
Okay, I get it.
I get it now.
As you come, as you come, as I come.
Well, is that worth the copyright strike?
Yeah, that's fine.
You should call her.
Yeah, call her.
She's beautiful.
Exclamation point, come.
That's the official rating for this video.
You can, of course, rate all these videos from one to 10
with exclamation point one through 10, or a comma, I guess.
Yeah, or just, come.
It's fine too.
It's fine.
Yeah, it's fine.
There she goes with the exclamation point.
It's just like, you guys type one to 10, 7.75.
Beautiful.
Beautiful.
Okay, this is a courtesy of Dennis.
Did you know that this was an account?
And the account is synesthetic.
Let's see what's aesthetic about this, y'all.
Our rated movie when you brought him?
Yes, we did.
Are you sorry you brought him?
Yes, I am.
Are you glad you saw it?
Yeah.
Are you sorry, sir, that you brought your son along
to see Alien?
No, ma'am, I think you should have seen it.
It's something that he needs to know
if things could happen in life.
What?
Oh, yeah, okay.
Signs, some signs.
We never know what's going on outside of the world.
That was bad.
Did the movie scare you at all?
Yes, ma'am, it did.
We tack him to see a lot of horror pictures
and things like that,
because we like horror movies.
We're horror buffs, I guess.
Would you recommend to your little friends
who are your age to go see it?
No, I wouldn't.
Did you know that this was an R rated movie
when you...
Honestly, that's preparatory parenting.
You gotta get these kids ready for what could happen.
Do you know that your hair is poking out of your hat?
I'm aware.
It's a look.
It's a look.
It's a look.
It's a, you know, it's like a stately look.
The hair hat with hair coming out the sides and the back.
I'm talking about parenting right now.
Quit trying to distract me.
You think that's good, parenting?
I think it's good to like...
You know, you take your kid to see Batman Begins
because he could become a Himalayan Ninja
or whatever Batman does in that movie.
Look, I don't have kids,
so I didn't take my kids to see Batman Begins,
but you gotta understand,
I don't really understand the point you're making.
Point is all movies could happen on a long enough timeline
and there's no guarantee that the plot of Moulin Rouge
won't happen to your kid.
You think your parents should take a look
and see the Moulin Rouge just in case?
Just in case they become like a bohemian
that dates a courtesan
and the pitfalls of what could happen there.
Okay, fair enough.
Fair enough.
This is coming in from Live and Sleazy.
Let's see what we got.
Three, two, five, four, three.
Oh.
10 seconds.
Oh, wait.
That was a guy.
The back over your side, Barry.
Some of those, right?
What the hell?
They rebuttoned them for him.
Oh my God.
That's smart.
That's smart craft work.
Is the guy behind him refastening them?
Oh my God.
I'm standing ovation.
Wait, but what about the unsung hero here?
Is this guy behind him just refastening
every single bra also very fast?
Athleticism is not dead.
That's why you can never count out generation.
Which generation am I?
I don't know the greatest.
Generation X.
However old, old people are now.
We're all getting there.
Generation old.
I'm just saying you can't discount the athleticism
of a middle-aged man or a more advanced aged man.
We still have a lot of athleticism to offer, you know?
The last thing to go is your bra pinch.
That's what boxers say.
9.67, that's a win.
Should have been a 10.
Maybe they took some points off
because he needed assistance
and he wasn't too handing it.
Unclasping, then reclassping.
Get your pinchers out of here.
I'll pinch at you while I want.
Let's see what psychor has for us.
This is coming at us from psychor.
Oh, there you are now.
Give me fucking cheeseburger.
That's rough that I just said that stuff about
how older gentlemen still have a lot to offer.
I disagree.
I think those guys were putting it out there.
That's from the account at the old gaze.
I respect the old gaze.
Yeah, so I take it back.
You take it back.
I take it back.
Actually, that was very good.
You're just being a coward.
You're afraid to stand out
how that video made you feel.
It made me feel confused, okay?
But it's not for me.
It's for the old gaze.
I don't know if it is for the old gaze.
But they're the ones who made it.
4.13.
I would have gone higher.
Well, all right, we met in the middle somewhere.
This one is not the old gaze, I don't think.
I don't think what something's happening here.
Psychor shared this one as well.
This is a psychor going for the two-peat.
What, what's that guy's deal?
I gotta see that again.
I need to understand.
The first one is the most alarming.
This one's kind of impressive.
Oh, he's still in the background there.
So I mostly just wanted to see
if our man was still back there.
And he is.
This guy might be a corpse.
People are really challenging my argument
about middle-aged men having valuable things to offer.
They're living their best lives based on the music.
Purely on the music?
The music suggests that that's their best life.
And who am I to go against the moments we live for?
Apparently those are the moments they live for.
Which moments?
Getting your ass chained?
Rubbing a chain against your ass
is one of the moments.
And another one was spinning little balls?
Yeah, what was that guy doing?
He's doing this with a little tassel.
Oh, pouches?
It's his thing, okay?
Let's end with this.
Let's end with a feel-good thing for everyone.
Not just the moments they live for.
These are the moments
that are ubiquitously lived for by all.
Edging, edging, edge way to the front.
But think of the hole that that wiener
is pushing through the air.
It's creating an opportunity now.
And here comes Shy Dog!
Shy Dog!
Three-way!
Oh my goodness!
Full wide!
Full wieners!
Side by side!
Why is it holding you so much faster?
Oh, come on, we didn't get to see who won.
That's too bad.
I was feeling invested.
Close.
Shy Dog was pulling ahead.
And you know what I'm rooting for?
Uh...
I don't.
Chicago, the Chicago Dog.
I don't know your life.
Oh, that's fair.
I don't know you.
Sorry to break the illusion,
but I'm not friends with you off the string.
Okay, that's everybody's saying that.
You don't even come to the bar.
I've never been invited.
You have money on that race?
Then maybe you can tell us who actually won.
Oh, thank you to Live and Sleazy
for sharing the hot dog race.
Okay, we have a debate
and then we have to make a song.
So let's get these out of the way
so that we can end the stream.
Just getting segments out of the way
is how you view the stream.
You got to check off all the segments
before you can end your stream.
That's the way streaming works.
I'm pretty sure unless I've really misjudged
exactly how streaming works for years.
That doesn't sound like me though.
Anyway, it's debate time.
Exactly where we should be in the main event
of every stream and everything we appear on.
Well, I appear on.
I didn't mean to say,
I mean we is the royal,
we mean me and the chat, the greats,
the greats that we are.
Crumb should of course be in the,
they should put him in the match
that they used to put like the women's division in
to sort of the death spot,
cruelly, unjustly, but justly.
I'm saying you're bad.
Crumb's bad.
What was that?
Walk me through some of these things
that you think are insults.
I was saying the place you should be
in the card of life is the death spot
and they used to put the women's matches there
which wasn't nice,
but that's where you should be
and that's not a statement on women,
that's a statement on you being bad.
That's my point.
Whatever.
Look, welcome to Munch and Crumb,
the show where you shut the debate
and we just bait it, bait, uh, we bast,
ah, I'm gonna get there.
I'm in the bronze pennies match.
You'd love that, wouldn't you?
You'd love to see me tantalize you
with these thick nipples.
Well, they're just for my wife actually.
Only my wife gets to see these thick nips.
No, I'm not, there's nothing I need to say.
That's true, you need to say a thing.
Well, that's not true.
I do need to say things not about that.
Our thicker, longer nip ropes better or worse.
Well, you've got thick on the brain apparently.
I didn't ask for the debate.
That was, who requested this today
and thank you for their debate request.
We love all our debate requests.
Even if we don't always understand them,
there's a bunch of bullfrog.
Our thicker, longer ropes better or worse than what?
A different type of rope.
Show a less thick, less long rope.
Maybe more of a spattering of ropes.
I know that we're talking about busting out cums,
by the way, I'm with it.
That's with it.
That's with it.
It could also be nerds rope.
There's probably, well, if you came in nerds rope,
that'd be a pretty thick and long rope.
If you squirted a whole nerds rope
out of your barely erect penis,
why would it be barely erect?
Cause you're probably,
something's probably wrong if you're squirting out nerds ropes.
This is not the debate.
This is the debate.
Well, this is the debate technically.
And anyway, I'm on the side of letting your freak flag fly.
I don't think they need to be long and thick.
I think however you're busting is fine.
That's not the question.
It's better or worse.
Is more of a short, thin rope good
or a thicker, longer rope?
I'm on the favor of all ropes.
No, that's not allowed.
Well, it's, you're on the idea
of narrowing your type of rope down to thick and long.
And I'm saying there's other metrics.
So other types of ropes are fine.
But the question is better or worse.
I think thicker, longer ropes are worse
because that's the gold standard that everyone's reaching for.
But there's so many other types of ropes
you can squirt out of your barely erect penis.
Why is it always barely erect?
Well, I'm just saying.
Maybe for some people it's not that erect
and that's fine too.
Okay.
I'm on the side of thicker, longer ropes.
Bigger is always better.
Sorry everybody, big things are better
and if they're long, that's a bonus.
Bigger can be long.
Longness can be a form of bigness.
You're not even on the side of bigger or longer
so I'm not taking notes from you, okay?
That's true.
I'm on the side of individual expression
which could be big, long, thin,
squirty, shotgunny, whatever type of ropes you're blasting.
Ropes aren't self-expression.
More of a metric.
I'm not even debating this.
Mods, you can make that debate.
I'm on the side of bigger, longer ropes.
I think they're better.
I think they're better and I think they're worse.
I think you're limiting yourself, all right?
Thicker, longer ropes, better or worse?
Yes, an individual expression.
I am on the side of individual expression.
This is ridiculous.
It was phrased as better or worse.
Look, the mods put it in there, okay?
They put it in there as we set it up.
Are you complaining about the mod again?
Oh, that's what you do.
Well, that's not the debate, is it?
The debate is whether bigger, longer ropes,
the thicker, longer ropes are better or worse.
You don't even know this.
Look, okay?
I know it well enough and I know enough to know
that whenever you set a paradigm, an ultimate goal,
whatever you give yourself, a new golden idol
of types of cum that you wanna do,
you're always gonna lead yourself to disappointment.
All right?
The patriarchy is real,
it expresses itself in complex ways
and sometimes the way it expresses yourself
is setting unrealistic expectations
for the naughty blasts of cum
that you shoot out of your wise and cock, okay?
And we as a species need to evolve beyond this.
Love the ropes you shoot, however wispy and soft
they may be.
It's not all about the dog in the cum,
but the cum in the dog.
Ah, that one got away from me at the end there.
Jesus Christ, crumb.
Look, just, probably if you're squirting out
big, thick ropes, that's a sign that you got healthy.
I'm still distracted by the thing you said about the dog.
I was trying to do something with fighting the dog
and I'll admit that I don't stand behind everything
that I said.
Crumb, I just can't, I can't even, why'd you say that?
I didn't mean to say,
well, look hypothetically based on what I said.
I'm talking about not a real dog, a theoretical,
it's like the dog and the fight in the dog.
So in the analogy that I said up,
I'm not talking about cum being in a dog
that was placed there by something else.
It's more of a spiritually that,
imagine that your balls are a dog
and the cum in it is it's spirit.
Is what I, it was the point I was trying to make more so
than I'm not talking about coming in dogs is my point.
It was clear enough.
It was not clear enough.
Individual expression one.
I think this is a big day for individual expression.
That was close.
I was worried that maybe I turned people off
by talking about dogs and cum,
but our better, the angels won out today actually.
The human spirit is really indomitable.
So we worked through it together.
One point, that's all it takes.
That's the power of democracy everyone.
Remember this, the next time a vote comes around
and that there, and there's two really good candidates
on there.
There's two candidates and just think about it
the next time you vote is my point.
Think about, you was talking about dog cum.
No, I was on analogy, it's just an analogy.
It was just individual expression, okay?
Everybody expresses themselves in different ways
and I, on today I reached for an analogy
as to, anyway I won.
You can't even form a coherent thought today.
Two ropes, one crumb.
Sometimes I squirt out two individual
like really coherent ropes.
For me, let me level with you guys.
For me, my ropes come up really thin.
Like someone made yarn wrong or something.
Like someone tried to just make yarn with like a fabric
and then instead they just strung out one fibrous cord.
It's like, yeah, it's like an anemic spider-man.
But still with strong ropes.
Sometimes my ropes are hard to break.
That's not how jizz works.
That's not how it works.
Yeah, sometimes it comes out, you know.
Like dangerously hard, like piano wire.
And it's been a problem.
It's been a problem.
But look, individual expression requires sacrifice.
What are you fucking talking about?
I'm just saying, I come really thin, hard ropes.
Okay, okay, that's not true.
There's no way, I just am gonna believe
that that's not true.
Well, I don't actually, to be safe,
I actually have a cock thimble that I use.
Oh my God, I'm ending the segment
before you explain it.
My song is still playing, actually.
It's a reasonable thing.
Can we be adults and admit that some men
have to use cock thimbles?
A hard cap that traps their dangerous,
explosively hard comes?
And what's the button, and there we go.
And there we go.
Sail away, sail the ship away.
I'm not ashamed to talk about some real stuff here.
Sounds extreme, everything you're saying
sounds extremely made up, crumb.
Jesus Christ, a cock thimble?
That's not, there's no way that's a thing.
Look it up, it's a thing.
There's no way it's a, goodbye everyone.
There's a song or something terrible coming up.
Please stick around, I guess.
Jesus Christ.
Apologies to anyone who somehow was watching the stream
with someone for the first time.
We here at DJC for productions
don't stand behind anything, Krum says, ever.
And in fact, we've started various lawsuits against him
because he's released a number of tracks
that he's recorded in the studio
without appropriate attribution.
And also because he did blow a hole
in one of our bathroom walls with a little pin,
a tiny hole, but we know it was him.
Unrelated to anything he was just talking about.
Jesus Christ, one vote, one vote was all it took.
And then I'm assuming execution is what happens, I hope.
Today we're making a song.
Oh shoot, but it was requested several days ago,
one second, I have to find it.
And of course, DJC for I'm on the producer.
I'm one of Kase's cousins that,
I further there's a family resemblance,
but of course I'm a different guy.
A Uniboo awareness campaign song by Reba.
For those who don't remember,
Uniboo's a reel that can form
on men or women, I think actually,
but I think the article was about women.
Apparently we need to write a song
to make people aware of this particular phenomenon.
So we'll do that today.
Of course, as a producer, your main job
is to find a copyright free track
that your artists can sing over
requiring zero production on your end.
So I will be starting with that.
Also, we couldn't get Reba McIntyre,
the artist we have today is Reba Macklemore,
but he's a real pro.
He's sort of like a country hip hop guy,
like a modern day Bubba Sparks.
So get excited for that.
His website says a modern day Bubba Sparks
and that's really what sold us on him.
Yeah, only Reba was specified.
So Reba Macklemore is who we got.
So we do think we're gonna mostly go
for like a Bubba Sparks type beat actually.
Let's see.
Let's fire up the old epidemic sound,
a real production resource
that a lot of serious artists use
and just search country rap and see what we get.
That didn't work at all.
Country rap.
Okay, there it is.
Here's some tracks for us.
Oh wow.
What the hell, this has lyrics already.
I need an instrumental, dammit.
I guess I could just use that.
This has lyrics too.
NBDH Nick, how could you,
NBHD Nick, how could you do this to us?
Let's just search Moonlight.
Maybe we can find that same track,
but without the lyrics.
Here we go.
That one's okay.
That one's okay.
Dammit, can I turn off?
Is there some way to not have?
Oh, filters, okay.
Vocals.
Instrumentals, there we go.
That's what we needed.
That's not gonna do it.
Okay.
I kind of like the vibe of this.
To me, this is really saying
Unibub awareness, this particular beat.
I'd say we go with this one.
I think this really sort of sets it up.
An important emotional message
and it's got a real strong Bubba Sparks energy to it,
which I think repo Macklemore is gonna love.
Okay, now as usual,
we're gonna send it to our ghostwriter
to take care of the important ghostwriting work.
You can send us lyrics
for the song about Unibub awareness
by typing exclamation point L
followed by the lyric you would like added
to this particular track.
Feel free to hit up our ghostwriter
because he loves to also use ghostwriters.
Sort of a ghostwriter inception situation.
Anyway, ghostwriter, take it away.
All right, just that easy.
Thank you for using the pen and the pad in this here lap.
All right, let me just pull up everything I need.
Yes, I'm just feeling this beat right now.
I just love this country Unibub themed beat.
There's your guys lyrics.
Uh-huh.
Is this updating?
Interesting.
Come on.
Let me just see.
What the hell is this one?
This one's even better.
I gotta make an artistic decision to switch to this beat.
This one even more powerfully speaks to the notion
of Bubrap, Unibubrap.
Sorry, I just gotta pull up the correct file here.
What a track.
All right, there it is.
Are these not updating?
Ah, okay, it's updating now.
We're good to go.
When we get rid of these previous Brandon type beats
we have, or Brandon lyrics we have,
there it is.
Okay, beautiful.
Okay, we need to pause this for a second
so we can think this music is just too strong.
It's too beautiful.
We'll have to get back to it in a second.
Have a real tough time finding a bra.
Come so hard, it's unbelievable.
First time watchers, the stress so palpable.
That one's more about coming,
but we'll use it anyway.
Oh, crumb so hard.
Sorry, crumb so hard.
We'll find a way to use that though.
Ben Hooper wouldn't touch my tit.
I'm gonna make that positive and say would.
That's my only note there.
Cause this is affirmational.
This is meant to make the Uniboop community feel powerful.
I'll cheer for my onesier.
Can't give my man a boob job and now he's upset.
Best Uniboop in the game since Dillion Harper.
I gotta look up who that is.
Oh, a basketball player.
Does he have one boob?
Oh wait, no that's a,
it's also a porn star.
Oh, yep, yes it is.
Does she have one boob?
Based on this research here,
it doesn't look like she's got two.
It's also a porn star allegedly.
Allegedly based on this Google search.
Yes.
And it's good that I didn't Google it directly on stream.
Dip and shoe is natural as the red, white and blue.
Instead of tiggly bitty, I got one single tee.
And of course Ben Hooper wouldn't touch my tit.
All right, I'm gonna just have to make these rhyme.
Have a real tough time finding a bra.
Oh and also we did get some new lyrics dropped in here.
Can't stop playing Uniracers.
So much trauma I've been through hell.
My best overall support is Matt Liddell.
That one is fully formed for us.
Thank you for that.
One hot tit, like a lump of coleslaw.
This is about Uniboop awareness.
Hot as hell, but have a tough time finding a bra.
We're making this positive.
This is affirmational again.
Everyone wants a double D.
I have a single D across my chest.
Okay.
Double D, double D's solid, but it's not the best.
Call me super tit.
Single D, huge across my chest.
Ben threw more trauma than Hozier.
But now they all cheer for my onesier.
Hozier is the only thing I can think of
that rhymes with onesier.
So we're just going with that.
Can't give my man a boob job and now he's upset.
Jokes on him.
I'm sucking on my own Unibrest.
Oh, I don't know.
Best Unibob in the game since Dillion Harper.
Okay, Harper, smart, smarter.
Lara Harper, starter.
Only need one boob because I work smarter.
I don't really understand the Dillion Harper thing
because it seems like she has two.
So she's stealing Valor in this particular wrap,
but we'll go.
Titty Larper.
Oh, that's smart.
So Bimbos are just Titty Larpers.
Only need one boob because I work smarter.
All you double-breasted Bimbos are just Titty Larpers.
What else?
Let me see one more.
Fah-da-ba-bar-bar-ker.
The price is right on Unibob.
Like Bob Barker.
Doesn't really make any sense, but, you know,
if you say it fast enough, no one will notice.
Looks like we've got a couple more lyrics that have popped in here.
I'm Reba.
That's already popping out of me.
Just I'm Reba.
Only got one cup, don't have a set.
I'm Reba.
Tig old biddies.
That's Neeta.
That's Betta.
We'll just have that in there.
It's not going to really match the any kind of meter or anything,
but we'll have Reba figure that out.
And we'll swap these.
Only got one cup, I don't have a set.
I'm Reba.
Tig old biddies.
That's Betta.
Polypenis Unibob.
Lost characters in the Odyssey.
I think that's in the Odyssey.
Polypenis Unibob.
OK.
I'm going to change this to say, in the Odyssey,
they wrote out Polypenis, son of Unibob.
He was the meanest.
Odysseus missed home, but only had one penis.
I thought that doesn't.
I don't really know what that means, but I'm going to leave it.
Milk thick like Jello.
Get it in your mouth.
You go, hello.
I'm just going to add, you know, get it in your mouth.
You go, hello.
And that's that.
Call me Amazon because I got just one boob going on.
Jeff Bezos, this Bazanga.
Call me Amazon.
One day, one boob delivery.
One boob going on.
One.
OK, wait, we'll just move these.
We'll just reverse these.
One day, boob delivery.
One boob going on.
Jeff Bezos, this Bazanga.
Call me Amazon.
Call me Amabazang.
That's probably worse than what you have,
but I'm going with it.
Your pale sipping cola while you feast on my areola.
You got two little titties.
I got one that's much swole.
Can't wear a shirt with a deep V
without showing everyone my deep booby.
I'm going to add deep again.
I'm like a unicorn, but I only got one tittie.
And just to round it out, one boob, one love.
Because it's Riva Macklemore.
All boobs are sexy.
And we'll change that to singular.
All boob are sexy.
Dip and Chew is natural as the red, white, and blue.
Instead of Tiggly Bitty, I got one single T. OK.
Dip and Chew is natural as the red, white, and blue.
Chew on my one single breast.
It's beautiful, too.
Instead of Tiggly Bitties, I got one single T.
Now get on your knees and beg for my one phone booby.
Yep, that's a good thing that I just wrote.
Ben Hooper wouldn't touch my tit.
Ben Hooper would touch my tit.
It's like a chorus, almost, but we're just going to have them say it.
Can't stop playing Uni Racers, Uniracers.
Only one wheel, rather than racers, spacers and phasers.
Lasers, only one wheel, still fast like a laser.
So much trauma I've been through hell.
My best overall support for this game is that it's
So much trauma I've been through hell.
My best overall support's still Matt Liddell.
Come so hard that it's unbelievable.
First time watchers, the stress is palpable.
I'm going to put this in the middle, and then we're just going to say we're done.
Were there any other lyrics?
Nice, OK.
And that's how you ghost-write a song as a group, collaboration, everyone.
It's just that easy.
No bad ideas in brainstorming and or the final draft, I like to say.
There's no mistakes in writing and then making the thing.
Just have someone do it.
With that in mind, Reba Macklemore is here.
Hey, one love, y'all.
It's Reba Macklemore.
One love, yeah.
Reba Macklemore in the house.
That's fine.
That's good enough.
Reba, uh-huh.
That's Reba Macklemore.
Great.
Let's get this recording done.
Let's get it done.
Yeah, that's Reba.
That right there, that's Reba.
I just got to set up this recording really quick.
OK.
Save this as Uniboobe, beautiful.
You love to see it.
OK.
And this is, is this recording?
It is not.
Check, check.
Check, check.
Hello?
There we go.
OK.
Now it is recording.
Now we just need our track.
Got to get this track going.
OK.
Country rap.
Oh, yeah.
We changed the beat.
There was an executive call by our ghost writer to change the beat.
And I'll allow it.
We'll allow it.
Um, all right.
Will this, uh, will what they wrote work over this beat at all?
It's hard to say.
But Reba Macklemore is a pro.
And I'm assuming they can do it first try without ever really hearing this beat.
So let's give them that opportunity to do exactly that.
Reba, are you ready?
Yeah.
I was born ready.
Woo!
Reba.
Macklemore.
That's not a collab.
That's my name.
Let's do this.
Oh.
Reba Macklemore.
Not a collab.
That's my name, y'all.
Hot lyrics.
Reba Macklemore.
One hot tit like a lip of coleslaw.
Hot as hell.
But I have a hunch I'm fighting the broad.
Double D solid.
But it's not the best.
Call me super tit.
Single D, baby.
Yeah.
That's across my chest.
Been through more trauma like my name.
Horzi-R.
But now they all cheer for my highway.
That's not the best.
Call me super tit.
Single D, baby.
Yeah.
That's across my chest.
Been through more trauma like my name.
Horzi-R.
But now they all cheer for my highway.
Horzi-R.
Can't get my men a boob job.
He's upset.
Jokes on him.
I'm suckin' on my own.
Unibressed.
Only need one boo.
That's because I work smarter.
Double D, Bress and Bimbo just aren't Larkers.
Price is right.
Unibrew like Bob Barker.
Best Unibrew in the game.
Sincelian Harper.
Okay.
Crop so hard that it's unbelievable.
First time.
Watch your stress.
It's so palpable.
Only got one cup.
Don't have a set.
I'm Reba.
10 gold biddies.
Yeah, you know that that's better.
In the Odyssey, they wrote up Polly Penis.
Son of Yuba Boob.
Yeah.
She was the meanest.
Odysseus missed home but only had one penis.
Odysseus had one penis.
Milt thick like Jello.
What'd I say?
Milt thick like Jello.
That's better, babe.
You know it in your mouth.
Then you go, hello.
Okay.
One day, boo delivery.
Got it going on.
Jeff Bezos.
This Bizzang.
I call me Emma Bizzang.
You're pale, sipping cola while you feast on my areola.
You got little titties.
I got one.
That's what's full of.
One.
Up.
Up.
Up.
Whoa.
Reba.
Macklemore.
Here we go.
Can't wear a shirt with a deep V without showing everyone my one deep boo.
That's the best, baby.
I'm like a unicorn but I only got one tittie.
One boob.
One love.
All boobs are fucking sexy.
Dippin' chew is natural.
Rule is red, white, and blue.
Chew on my single breast.
You know that is beautiful, too.
Instead of taking bitty, I got one single hot tea.
Now get on your knees and worship this one thoughtin' booby.
I'm Ben Hooper.
Except I'm not.
I'm Reba Macklemore and you know I'm still hot.
Ben Hooper would touch my titt.
One tittie.
One love.
All right.
That's probably good enough.
Reba Macklemore out.
Yeah, yeah, there's a lot of those.
We're pretty messily done but we're going to count it.
It is definitely good enough.
Yes, I'm going to say that's probably good enough.
Okay.
He didn't say chorus at all but to be fair there wasn't a chorus.
Now we just have to...
One second.
We just have to sync this up because it always desyncs for some reason.
How do I delete tracks?
I got to delete some tracks really quick.
Excuse me, everyone.
I'm just deleting tracks.
This is a good system.
Honestly, more professional producers like me should use Adobe Audition to mix all of their music.
Jesus Christ.
All right, that's good enough.
Excuse me.
We just got to do a little bit of production work here.
But honestly, you don't want to do too much production work.
That's a rookie mistake.
You don't want to really do too much of anything.
I think it's the Greeks that said all tracks must be mixed in moderation.
Not that track.
Duplicate this track.
There we go.
Okay.
And now we mute you.
And then we delete you.
And we delete you.
So many extra tracks.
Okay.
And now we just make sure that it's lined up.
Even with the weird delays that we have on this.
Add all of this fucking stuff.
We need this way louder.
And we got to we got to level this speech out.
Level the speech out medium style.
Yeah, that's fine.
Probably whatever.
Turn this down.
That's not going to work.
We need him to be on the beat.
Damn it.
Where is it supposed to be on the beat?
Where was he supposed to be on this beat?
We did add reverb, but we'll add even more.
We'll add medium reverb.
That's a professional setting.
That seems good.
This seems good.
Yeah, this seems really good.
Good job.
Yeah, we did it again.
We've done it again.
Yeah, you did it again.
Yeah, we've really done it again, Ghost Rider.
Good job, Reba Macklemore.
Thanks, y'all.
I did it again.
It feels good to do it again.
I love to do it again.
Okay, let's send it back to the studio.
Oh, excuse me.
Let's send it back to the new studio so we can find someone to raid.
But that's another successfully completely finished and ready for radio track.
So you're welcome, everybody.
We'll see you soon.
Bye-bye.
It's pretty loud.
That's pretty loud.
Okay, put it in the discord sure thing.
That's doable.
Oh, baby, Gil Trash, thank you for the donation.
$120.
We're climbing up slowly.
I'll be curious to see how much we raise by the end of the year.
I'll send it to the track.
Giggle Trash, just philanthropized three-money buck.
And, man, I probably shouldn't say this, but Reba is a national treasure.
We could all benefit from adding her to the government cloning program.
I mean, Reba is a real nice lady with hair.
Mason Tire is fine.
Big fan.
Couldn't agree with the president more here.
Ricky Peacock is on.
I still do his own.
I mean, I rate it still doing a while.
Let's give Dylan a raid.
I appreciate that DJC4 leaves all the heavy breathing in.
I think not enough rappers do that.
They don't make sure that they normalize the level of the breathing too.
All right, everybody.
Thank you for hanging out.
We will be back, I believe, tomorrow because it's Wednesday.
We took Monday off because it was a holiday.
Important holidays.
Oh, shit.
I was here the whole time.
All right.
I told you not to.
Yeah, but I actually never left.
And also every day is a holiday for me.
I'm not doing work back here.
Yeah, I know.
Uh, raid message.
What is he?
What is he?
He's last of us in it.
Oh, my God.
Look at Dylan go.
Dylan.
Call him the best Dylan in the game.
The best Dylan since Dylan Harper.
He's still do.
Orcase radio there once fine.
Uh, thanks for hanging out though, guys.
I mean, honestly, maybe I'm maybe this song is an extremely poor taste
and that apparently you know boobs are a thing.
And if there's any actual medical issues with it, then probably we just did a bad thing.
But hey, we are spreading awareness in one form or another.
Say hi to Dylan for me.
The best Dylan since Dylan Harper.
We'll see y'all tomorrow.
Have a great rest of your night.
Bye, everybody.
I got 17 boobs.
I thought you were a boy dog.
I don't know.
But I know that I like to have as many boobs as possible.
I'm collecting them.
I'm not going to read into what you mean by any of this.
Yeah, no.
I'm ending the stream.
Please do.
I'm gonna.
Yeah, all mammals have nipples.
Get your low nipple numbers out of here.
I'm fucking out of here, dude.