I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Who in my stocking?
We're live in ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one.
Let's do-
I think it might be live.
Yes, yes, it does seem to be live.
The triple live.
There's no way it's not live now.
We can only hope.
Um, okay.
Ooh, happiest of holidays, everyone.
It's the Rare Tuesday News Day.
It's so easy to say, how do I not do it all the time?
If only there was the time to do it all the time.
I hope everyone is having a lovely pre-holiday session of whatever.
It's Festivus time, that's correct.
Uh, Pepito, is everything fine?
Yep, what would be wrong ever.
Everything's too good, honestly.
I'm looking too good, I'm feeling too good, I'm being too good.
It's real close to your face.
That's just how it is, man.
That's just the way it is, man.
Ah, bring it back.
Why do you like it so close to your face?
Why not?
Great question.
Anyway, good to see everybody.
Travis, Cycor, the sinister dev, Commander, Gab, Leibniz, Leise,
the sub-breachy, John, Michael, Ray, Silva,
Propaganda, Bolivar, Apple Daple, Tamtran, others maybe?
My own bot floating around in there.
I'm in there.
You're watching the stream?
I don't know what that is, but I'm in there.
Melody, great to see you.
Steve, great to see you.
And to Daddy.
Greg, T.U. indeed.
It's almost, I don't know, I'm assuming a day that a lot of people have off?
Almost everybody has off.
My mom's in there?
Somebody called the graveyard she's buried in.
She's on the loose.
Don't say that, Pepito.
That's disrespectful.
What?
The group, the, to my butt?
Pepito.
I know respect for the dead.
Thank you also for the hype train, which is currently raging.
Brutally, I'm assuming.
That is...
That's right, Case.
Shit's crazy right now.
In what?
In what sense?
In every sense.
Everyone's losing their minds.
You're still so see-through.
That's just how it is, man.
Oh my God, it's the holiday sub-a-thon, I guess.
That's because I'm here on this very special holiday season.
Play me.
Wow.
Yay.
Play me a beautiful Christmas beat.
Quick, Case.
Make it beautiful.
Yay.
You like this beautiful Christmas beat?
Is it a definitely Christmas?
Maybe, definitely.
It's Christmas time.
And this year I wrapped up all of my gifts.
I wrapped up all of my pistons.
Christmas.
Put it right under the tree.
Oh, wee, wee, wee, wee.
And when you open up the present, you might know that it's pissed because it's liquidy.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
The presents were leaking with all of my gifts.
So everybody probably guessed that it was pissed.
And they were very correct that the presents were pissed.
It's not Christmas, actually, it's Christmas.
The tree colored and pissed, and I've released all of my piss-miss
into all of the presents.
And no, because that piss-miss-miss-miss-chip is going for piss-miss time.
I'm doing Christmas time, actually.
Pipetrain.
That sucks.
Oh, it's better than getting pissed presents.
I'm doing Christmas time, actually.
Oh, it's better than getting pissed presents.
Incorrect.
That's not, yeah, I'm not surprised that that's how you celebrate.
Because it's how you celebrate every time you show up.
Christmas happens every year.
If it's piss-miss every year, it's piss-miss time.
You know?
No.
All three Weisman are bringing piss this year?
Play me a solemn, religious-type beat.
A Jesus Christ beat, case?
Because it's not all about receiving gifts.
It's also about praising God through the power of...
of...
Well, I don't want to spoil it.
It's gonna be piss!
Nope.
We got a lot of subs.
Could you maybe move on to the part where you think the subs before you die in about two minutes?
That's not all about thinking subs every piss-miss time.
Oh, praise be to God up in heaven above, above, above, above.
Spreading all of God's love.
He resurrected Jesus at Christmas time.
And do you know the method of resurrection, case?
I'm not gonna say piss for you, Hype Train.
Incorrect.
It was the love of God.
The piss was underlated.
Honestly, God's love has nothing to do with piss.
But also to celebrate the birth of Jesus.
We piss off this this time. We piss off this this time.
Then why are you talking about piss?
Because to celebrate God's love.
With this at Christmas time.
Guess what talk you understand?
Can you just thank the subs?
I'm obviously getting to it.
I'm not saying anything inappropriate.
I'm saying God's love isn't about piss.
But we do piss to celebrate God's love.
Don't deny your bodily impulse.
That's not what God would want.
He wants you to piss.
But his love is unrelated to your ability to piss.
If your bladder was empty, you would still be showered in God's love.
Like leaking from a faucet above.
Raining on his glorious golden love.
Which is not piss to be clear.
That's a separate thing.
God's love isn't piss. But I'm pissing it's Christmas.
God's love!
Sunch, when are you religious?
I live in Hell, Pace.
It's a very religious thing to be in now.
I guess.
You don't have to guess.
You just have to open up your chest.
And receive the golden light of liquidity.
Love that is not piss from God.
This is your favorite family friendly stream?
I'm not... Yeah, I'm saying the opposite of a dirty thing.
I'm saying I'm pissing unrelated to God's love.
It's a beautiful message.
I'll play this emotional gospel type beat so I can think all the subs.
Now you're gonna get around to it, hype train.
Now you're gonna think all the subs.
That's correct.
That's right. It's time to thank you all.
Espe Brights on the beat.
Yes! Espe Brights on the beat.
What?
Espe Brights on the beat.
We had some thoughts come in that maybe you could also check in on,
but mostly thank the sub type train.
Best.
That's not useful.
Okay, deleted all of your guys' thoughts. I apologize.
Waiting.
We're waiting to thank the subs.
And also waiting for there to be a beat.
This sucks.
You said you play an emotional gospel type beat.
What do you want from me, hype train?
Here's a gospel type beat for you, maybe?
Yeah, there you go. There you go.
This one's got to be it. I swear to God.
You better. Because it's a religious stage.
Yes!
Jesus Resurrected.
Jesus?
Jesus is Jesus's rap version.
His rap version?
Jesus has a rap version named Jesus.
Not Jesus.
Jesus is birthday.
We all got to say we want to thank Shaggy once a Viva Viva every day.
But also on Jesus's birthday, which is today.
38 months no way.
100 bits, what you say?
Thanks.
That's what I would say.
And to daddy, you know we still keep it never maddy with 14 months or 38.
Who's counting? Okay, we got decked the halls with fuck mishear.
Happened in just one time every year.
But also Christmas time is the time of year.
It's a multi-bariate holiday to be clear.
We got Commander Gavin there feeling the best.
17 minutes ago they just said this.
Three years and I ain't learned a single thing.
And that's the kind of holiday chair that we all bring.
Okay.
Boom, we got more to thank.
They raining subs and huddle.
What?
You know what I say.
It's okay.
We got Stormburn 38 months no way.
For bees bringing that 6, 7, like all that golden love raining down from heaven.
For 35 months you've been showing love and bundlesprout raiding 5 community subs from above we got.
Daddy never maddy with the 5 subs.
Damn, that shit is looking so mad.
We got Shaggy.
And what is this?
Community subs and you are spreading the bliss.
I bet the president is about to say some shit.
SKMY are just absolutely pounding 1000 sweet bits straight into the great chasm of progress.
I just have to say this.
You're pissing this year right Joe?
Oh nothing president bro.
You've been pissing this year absolutely for my president though.
Pracing the subs.
Listen up Jack.
It's gonna adjust my Mijam 300 shiny tasty coins and I've been dying to say this.
Yep.
I kissed his head.
Thank you so much for the kind words Mr. President.
What the hell?
This is another epic gospel type beat.
Wait a minute we don't need this.
There we go.
We're no longer doing the fucks list.
Yes this is another epic gospel type beat for you hype train.
It's because I'm filled with the power of pismis and God and Jesus and other gods too.
What a non-denominational pismis celebration.
Celebrating all faiths and all atheism.
What a great pismis.
And we're celebrating all of it.
That's what pismis is all about.
That's the song of my poop when its coming right out.
P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P-P.
You're a child.
No baby you are just a denial.
I'm a hype train you know I'm keeping it wild.
We got true blues 90-1ers bringing me something.
38 months and they never been pre-
We got Skarmar with the hunger bits.
Summoning Obama to spread out the brits.
We got Skarmar again with the 300 bits.
We got Joe baby and he's dropping the shit we got call me
Oh really? Yeah, so we above the sudden baby cuz you know we my bus cuz this
Prince men's time and we love it so high training I'm on a permanent flow so let's go
Can't even piss yes I can just cuz I don't have a bladder or a penis or a
Darn yeah
I do think that's what it means you're wrong
This comes from the heart
Didn't you know the piss comes from the heart case? I didn't I think that's wrong actually that's what you're wrong case
This comes from the heart
Remember season you say honey. Yeah, honey. I'm young
That's a train the John young you're saying the John young honey. I'm young is a train the John young
I thought you trains don't have
The John is that's right case we have a honey on your down. I'll have a honey on your honor or a honniness
How are you this alive today cuz it's Christmas time case?
It's so sad that you can't accept the beauty of love and grace
Same brain cell I only got the one and I'm sharing it with case
I have at least a couple rattling around in here prove it. I can't
Prove with all the smart news I covered today. Oh, no
Well look hype train you've gotten hyped all over the place, but I
Think Pismas time is over. You're trying to year without the Santa Claus me right now
No, no that would be if I stole
Pismas Claus you idiot
Pismas time isn't over isn't ruled over by Pismas Claus. He's a minor
Subdivision of the great pantheon of Pismas gods
Who's the leader of Pismas piss way?
Piss way. It's almost a sacrilegious to say the name of piss way the true name of piss God on Pismas time
But because I'm one of his disciples I can say it. I don't need to know
The whole
Pantheon of Pismas gods. You sure you don't want me to run through it. I'm pretty confident that I don't need to hear you do that
That's so sad
All the time is happening in this room right now. It's looking kind of crazy
That was a huge Pismas drop. What the what the hell?
This is crazy, it's so crazy. It's fucking with the Papito's voice. Oh my god
Hello, I just got 50 subs out of nowhere. What the hell?
That's way more than 49. No, it's way more than zero you idiot. Oh
Damn
Kendall thank tamtran for the further crazy subs
You do it
You just bought Kendall another several burgers
What are they Kendall has brought in secret presents
It's still a secret nobody's watching from the house. What?
Look, we need to thank tamtran. Can you do it in the in a version of not?
Wrapping about piss gods. No, that's exactly how I'm gonna thank tamtran. Are you crazy?
This is the perfect opportunity
for me to list
List all of the pantheon of piss gods
Because you've empowered me you're keeping me alive now
This is the kind of thing that I can do for a really long time
Isn't that exciting?
Isn't that beautiful?
No, just thank tamtran. It was
Wait, it was too much support
Pest my lord. I need something nasty in my mouth, baby and give me something new to snore. I need some coke
I need some yay. I gotta think these guys I don't play emotion praise the piss miss God
Just for every business day. Okay, can you not advocate drug use while you're not an option
Baby, I'm now a loss and I'm popping off and I'm doing cotton cotton as a new type of drug
Everybody in the train so we love and I'm in the train so it's all the same. I'm the train and a place
We got first we got piss Zeus he is coming up this is that's the best you can do
This is not top but they're close. Okay, then we got Perry's
His name Perry's you're just adding pee to areas. No, it's different
These he eats pairs and the pairs make his friends you're in taste like
That sucks
Because
No, that's not a good way to think
And
Deep in the center of the universe where tamtrin controls the flow of cosmic piss
From that very heavenly
Sub's down upon the earth and all that we can do is praise him case or
I don't claim to know all about
Tamtrin the god of piss miss tamtrin. I just want to say legitimately. Thank you and thank you to all the subs
It's honestly more support clearly than I deserve and
Then you deserve hype drink this place is going nuts
Look at the cosmic swirl of energy that I've created
You're the one doing this because it's hard to concentrate in here
Look what you've done to all of Los Angeles. That's the cost of hype
That's just the cost of doing bills man's case
There's not my fault
You know I
Guess oh my god, there's two more
I only got to a couple of the pantheon of Christmas gods. I don't even know more of them
Incorrect case you're gonna get this work. You're gonna learn a thing or two. Okay case
Yes
Oh my god, this is the best straight from the cosmic perch a piss heaven
hype train popping off the level 11 and I got guys to thank
Filling my bank with the piss miss love baby feeling the tank. Okay
We got piss meter
She is sort of like the god D meter except his meter guess what it fills up with
Piss
Incorrect it fills up with waste
That is piss. No
Me piss meter eats waste. He turns the waste into straight piss case
So he like drinks piss and turns it into more piss incorrect
It's more like a garbage situation. That's a good explanation for all of this
Then we got piss all low like Apollo. Nope. He's his own thing. He's the god of
Like hunting and being
But even then got Apollo's the god of hunting. Yeah, but not this cuz it's pissed all low case
Okay
Then we got piss of meters piss and we also got kids for a deity and pissiness
God damn you
Kissiness the most beautiful the god of beautiful piss goddess
What's non be what's beautiful piss if you've never seen it if you have to ask and that's not surprising coming from UK
We've got so got this fire
He's this he made every toilet in the universe case. Do you understand?
You're claiming a single date. He made every toilet in the universe
Correct
Praise be to piss feistess, but also he was banished to hell for his sin
Depriving the earth of piss and feeding it to all the toilets instead
Imagine every toilet that will be and has been yes, think about it case. That's the power of his feistess
Both his feistess deep in the layer of hell with terrible smells
Do you know what he said for fights for your modern conveniences case is freedom and also
In order to create a mechanism to hold all of humanity's piss
Okay, can we stop I
Can't listen to more of this hype drink and you can't keep inflicting this on
My chat they're being so generous and all you're doing is yelling about piss
Elder gods of piss case
Of course he is famous in shape
Famous and chase Chevy Chase Chevy Chase Chevy Chase is one of the elder guys of piss case
The same Chevy Chase the one in the same case
And he said something that we do not love but he's from a different time case
You mean the actor Chevy Chase you're claiming is one of the elder gods of piss
Explain deep in the ancient times before times there was a guy falling down the stairs all the time
He had a huge ego
This is the way that he chose to live but he was banished case to the earthly realm
And then he could only piss while I'm filled
Comedy star of all time and he was banished forever
Chevy Chase famous in the 70s and 80s and then after
Yeah before the beginning of time
The most recorded history is well before that
What aren't you understanding case I don't get it
Pupila, what do you know about?
Piss Miss time more than anyone
One time every year
To visit I keep level 12 piss miss I
Keep what are we doing listening to this?
You'll keep listening to it. You love it case beat so serious
rapping now
Drinking gets it we keep raising for
This is the way deep in the ancient times before language
What
You don't know that you don't know whatever
Brain level deep in my spine my ancient
genetic history has been part of me
Deep in my genetic history time it was always business
Hey
Everyone's sort of singing
Right now is it every day
It's too unclear
What
I can't believe your tag team in here and trying to drive me insane
What do you care about this kind of thing?
But I do know that I believe it case and that's what faith means
If you can't believe
It's it's not even quite Christmas time yet
Normally Pia stored in the ball says psychor but in this circumstance the largest reservoir piss is actually at bin
And I do think that's a hundred percent accurate given what this stream has been
Entirely about so far
There's only one thing left to do
Let's say this one time together case. Let's just say it one time. You've said it so many times
But just one time case. That's all that it takes to celebrate this
To say this this one time case
Pitches your day
What's happening your voice?
Being empowered by this now. Let's all say it one more time. You've said it at least 30 times in the last 30 seconds
See you with this much the freaking me up a bit of this is about the holidays
No, it's not. Yes, it is
Oh my god, you guys need to think the other subs
I mean that's not my job. That's my train's job
We've got a couple more subs to think
This I there's just too many religious beats. It's not enough religious beats cake
We got more people to think
They're pushing us to untold heights. You guys really don't have to actually reach level 25 for the record that
We'll take I don't even that would take
They do have to really know
They might know nope, you know
I tell people to think
entity
Drop it five
I'm a hype train the end up like a man eats grubs
Punch cut with the munchie
Car king 10 subs getting it on. What the fuck they going long?
But the hype train is on a permanent song
Apple Apple with 100 bits for the snap
This is in the beat
I don't know what that means man, but I'ma say more words because I drank
Can't give it up
I do it every day case and incredible rates. I wrap
Can't hear what I'm saying because it's too fast for you. That's true. I really don't understand what you're saying
Rap god
That's another one of the piss pantheon rap god. Yeah, I'm an M
I'm the rapper in his rap god persona. He's one of the members of the piss pantheon. He chugs it
Oh, that's his that's his thing. Yeah, he's simple. He just chugs piss
Oh my god
That's not one of them case god is separate from the piss pantheon, but he did create the piss pantheon
Or she or they
It's crazy
Let's get it going now
Somehow by the power of faith
Believe in yourself, okay
Believe in yourself case me believe in yourself case and you get piss all over your face case
You're lucky case rhyme so easily with face. That's true every time I praise god too for making it easy to run face with you because
I love your face case
I don't love your face. We changed the game case
My pissing all over your face. Jesus christ. What kind of a
Unseen what the fuck damn trip subs
Too many subs you bitch don't wait too much love
And I'm gonna stop rapping about piss just kidding. I will never stop. Maybe we could why wouldn't we?
Look how many subs we're getting
That's why you do this. I'm trying to do it for the hype case
And because it's honest what part of this is honest
Holy train I am powered by cosmic truth
Listen, I'm jack. Time term 48 just met our tan 300 shiny tasty corns
And I have been dying to say this married piss miss
married piss miss to you
100 subs coming right through from pan pan straight to you and by you I mean a train is true
It's up for for me
You're claiming the subs obviously there look at how much they're empowering my
Resistance case. Oh my god. It's crazy. This is legitimately crazy. Thank you guys so much for the support
Which I cannot claim to deserve
Should we wrap up other bodily fluids, you know what shirt? Nope
Oh my god, it's been so long since I made
These graphics. I uh
Forgot some of them even exist
What are you talking about case these graphics weren't made they were ordained by the power of piss miss
They've been accumulating naturally by the power of hype. Sorry. I forgot that I had no hand in this
Oh, no, look what's happening behind me
These city is so realistically burning
I don't think you can keep rapping about this hype train. I think you're out of things to rap about
Okay, so you could move on to a different subject. Nope
I got rapping about piss all day
I'm never gonna stop case
I'm never gonna fucking change
I changed the game on name, but on the day I am still always the same. I've been rapping about his case
And you know that I can never change. I'm getting me
I am no one between them, but I'm a peter and I got some leaders gonna do get it. What?
Sometimes you're just saying different. Nope
And that was very smart stuff case
The hype train will never change
The hype train will never change
Listen up jack
Fungals about jess mamma jam
666 and tasty corns and I've been dying to say this
Hellsender hypes and
Can you thank the people yet again? Yes
Okay, good
Bonsai bullfrog thank you so much for the two bits. I'm still counting that is love. We got tamtrin
Yeah, you know, I'm thinking you make you got 100 bits times three is 48
No, it's not I just did the math and I'm not got an ace. So you know that I passed
We got car came with one sub on the flow tamtrin 50, so the letting it go they coming in fast
Maybe they are never too slow. I'm the hype train and I'm putting on a show and don't think that I forgot about piss
I got mom and baby, you know that I'm ready to blow okay. Oh, yes
Never hamper piss coming out like a nasty yellow amber, but you know what I am getting even fucking better
I'm never getting mad at but I'm spitting up the bladder. I got this to go
I'm a permanent flow hype train baby, and I'm putting on a show
Listen up jack
Donald lano best man with jam five rich and tasty corns and I've been dying to say this
Keep it going I've trained
Yes, the president gets it that's the verbal form of piss case
I guess again, are you that?
Turn me up in my headphones
Turn you up turn up turn everybody up in their headphones
That's up to chat. They don't have to
They can turn us down if they want to turn everybody up in their headphones
And then turn down the room noise turn down the room tone in
Um in the in the speakers. I don't have room tone in the speakers. Oh, okay, then turn off
The spanish language track. There isn't one that's fucked up. You should have one. Okay
um turn
sort of
Wiggle it around the middle
For the treble turn the treble towards the middle
I don't have I can't do any of this hype train. I'll just turn up the youtube beat
Okay, do that
Okay
And I'll turn everybody up in their headphones
Oh, yeah
Getting nasty, baby. You know that I need you. I got the thing that I know can complete you
You want something nasty that type train can feed you better reach deep inside hype trains your reefer
Which might be difficult because I don't have one
But I do have a gun and it's a smoke stack and I'm bringing it back
A baby, you know that it was never spitting ash. It's spitting out. It's been no pills
You've said so many contradicted no
You can't just say no to everything I say
Yes, I can
Rap yodelin yodel o-de-lay and I'm getting it in and I'm yodel o-de-lay and all the ladies and sin
Am I yodel o-de-lay and all the piss that I look that I
I
Can't believe we're reaching this level this level of hype is truly outrageous
Listen up jack card came you unjust mama jam 300 shiny tasty coins and I've been dying to say this and boom
It's coming from
Hype train baby and I'm better than alive. I got a hype level so old that it can drive. I'm like damn
What you gonna do piss miss day every day coming through is like damn girl
You're looking so full might have to get some sport for the urbino spot sport. What nor
Are you wrapping like like scrum?
Let's start an unsub train that sounds
Does that hype me up too? I don't know hype train
Unsub train and I'm never the same
Stripping all those levels way
A hype train and I never mean
So you'll still wrap about piss if even if the hype ons it becomes an unsub train. Yes
So there's nothing we can do correct
Okay, got some more people to think uh card king. Thank you so much for the 300 subs and the boom
Interpreter destroyer
I train you're gassing out. No, I'm literally more full of hype than ever. Oh, I'm just overflowing with hype
It's spraying out if I had orphans as they be coming out
But instead I just actually my face is a projection. What yeah, it's a mental projection. I'm just a I'm 100 train
But I I psychically infect all of you to make you think I have a face
Well, that's fucked up. Yeah, I'm inside your minds
Sorry
I've seen you eat a hamburger. Yeah
Can you wear other faces is a great question? Yeah, let's check this out
It's the exact same face. No, it's not case
Oh, great. It's peter. Don't worry everybody. It's not the same face at all. I can see it
You choose to believe peter
Yeah, I can see all of your faces like a multi-headed hydra all of them telling me to piss
You get it peter. I don't think peter gets it at all. He's I get it
Yes, exactly what want to see peter give it. Uh, and I wanted to see you hydrate
Who is you a merry pismis from all of the entities in the wall?
This miss time comes one time each year even in the wall they're spreading all the pismis cheap
And I'm in the wall, but I am always near I'm behind you so never feel fear
I never do peter and I love you so much
Every time I see a wall I touch it and dream of you in the pits you do
Peter I want to see I believe in you
Yes, I believe in you. What are you guys doing?
There's never been a link between you and the hype train. It's pismis time case
That means that all of us are connected. Yeah, you don't get it at all
What?
I'm I the only one left out of this because you haven't accepted pismis into your heart case
That's true
I just wanted to say that this is ridiculous
And it sucks
And I'm disgusted. Thank you for once. I can agree with scrum that you haven't accepted pismis time into your heart case
What?
See what I mean
Out of character for you. It's pismis time. It's the one time of year where I
Accept the power of pismis into my heart
Yeah
Look, we already have fucks miss time and grunge miss time and christmas time the real one
You're smiling. It's pismis time
That's no this is not allowed. What's this guy doing?
I
Jesse wells, that's not even a beat. What's happening to the world?
Well, not jesse wells' fault that he autoplayed over our pismis time type beats
When is the best time for pismis? I guess the 23rd of december
And now you're getting a case the best time for pismis is the time when
I
Do pismis time I ate you up and I destroyed you. That's so sad
I never even liked it that much anyway
What?
Yes, you did. No, I was fucking with you
Now it's not pismis time
And I don't care about it anymore
You're a fake ass friend. I agree. I still believe in pismis time
Hey, it's always pismis. It still is chat and I still believe even if the hype train is dead
That's right. I died
I'm back in hell
Oh, that's how hell looks to no, that's way worse than this
I am dead though
You killed him again case
Well guys, that was an insane amount of support. Thank you so much the tamtrana a truly ridiculous amount of subs
I do appreciate it, but
But I do feel slightly guilty that all I can offer in return is um
Is pismis time
Pismis slips in the balls. It really does
It really does
And isn't that the most beautiful thing of all?
um
You're gonna say no, I mean I do think that no is the right answer
So sad
Sad case
Sorry, my trash was in the corner. What are you doing with your trash? He's in the corner case
Have you been taking your trash out of the wall and just leaving it in that interview room?
Isn't that where you collect the trash?
Uh, actually no peter
No, it's not
It's a good spot for it. I'll just leave it here. That's so much trash peter
Well, and happy pismis time. I gotta go though. Okay
I'm gonna need a nap. Yeah, I do think I I should have a nap
What did you even do case?
You didn't rap at all
And you were mad about all of everything and you refused to celebrate pismis time. What's that?
At this time all of us become one together case
but
But anyway, whatever. No, you don't care either
You just got a notification that you received a sub. I just want to say thank you while driving in a rainstorm here in japan
We gotta we gotta be all the way in japan. It's a pismis miracle or just a christmas miracle. I'll take either one
Don't become a peter by the way, but pito. Thank you so much also for the um
For the first time chat able in japan. Thank you again to tamdran. Thank you so much to uh
Entry me destroyers shaggy bundle sprout with 20 communities
So I didn't even I'm not even registering all of the ridiculous support. We're getting and that's because case
hates
pismis
Okay, sure. Anyway, thank you bundle sprout. I'm gonna take all of you all of that and I'm gonna
I'm gonna do stuff with it
Well, you know, I technically I have control over the sub funds
But I'm gonna take him. Oh, okay, and I'm gonna probably buy trash
You don't have to buy that you can just have it. Well, I sell I buy the trash from the guy who sells it
Who sells the trash the outside of the dumpster? You don't have to pay him. That'd be rude case it
Is guarding the trash for me
You donate directly to pepino and I will be buying trash with it. Just take the trash. Wow case. That's messed up
That's thieving
Anyway, thank you so much bundle sprout for the 20 subs. That's crazy. Shaggy one says five then for the five
Don't let the dropping too many bits melody to my torch of too many subs
They're dropping a sub gun gun shade doing stuff six six six subs for bundle sprout
We got again insane amounts of support from tantran. Uh the other mike p
hang
That's right. 50. We did we did mention that but it's still crazy card king. Thank you so much for all the support
All your lord all pismas long which happens once every day each year
And dilemma. Thank you so much as well
and radium daddy rads
Popping in for pismas time. We love it and add any phase so much for all of them
What?
I'm a dog
I guess it is fair that you shouldn't actually know how to speak. I'm talking as good as a dog can case
Guys, thank you so much
It's another it's a almost a new year
New year
the same old
More or less the same old stream 90 for 5% the same stream, but you know what we change 5 every year and we'll continue that trend up
Because we just can't help ourselves
With support like this, how could we not continue occasionally adding segments that break the stream?
Which is pretty much all the segments that I try to add
Okay
That was a crazy hour to start the stream with a new tie
A new fish miss tie
You know what there can also be fish miss. There's that's too many types of misses
The only problem with getting a new tie is this thing sort of baked into certain assets currently
But I would have to redo if I get a different tie
So I do feel like I'm slightly committed to the tie
And honestly to the jacket
We could get like a new hat
No, you know, and I can't get a new hat. We can get a new studio. We'll do a new studio at some point this year
That's less work than getting a new tie
Oh, yeah, that sounds right
Doing a brand doing a whole new look to this studio would be honestly substantially less work than and getting a new tie
So maybe we'll do that at some point this year
Postamus
And then yeah, we'll definitely have some new segments this year
There is pepito miss
When is it?
the first monday of
July
That's pepito miss. Mm-hmm
And it's a rotating hull. It's the first monday of every july. Yeah, it's always been that way. It's always celebrated every year case
Are you just trying to make up a thing that I might remember and have to do work for? No
We can also do some new correspondence this year for sure
We lost a bunch of correspondence this year so they need to be replaced
though
We'd also technically lost joe rogan
In the sense that I lost the filter for him, but I figured out how to get that back
So for some reason I couldn't bring all the filters back, but it seems that certain ones I might be able to bring back
Anyway, we'll figure it out this year
Gale king. I guess I could get actual people to appear on the stream. That would be probably the biggest upgrade
That's mean case. What are you trying to say about all those
Little guys who work on your stream
Sorry, I didn't mean to imply that you're not real pepito. I was real as anyone. I'm not actually asking a fucking no
Okay, what could gale king?
Are they taking um, are they taking bookings?
Salazar's yeah, that was one that I tried to immediately get back using this technique
And I wasn't able to but there seems to be another way to do it. I'm gonna figure out
We voted on retiring the rogans. I know
But then there were requests for them to return
However, you can always start a flash pull and maybe just vote them out of existence again. I'm not terribly married to them existing
So, you know, I'm fine with them being banished again the evil rogans
And they are evil make no mistake. They're here to cause damage and they might uh for now
Let's see what's damaging the world. It's news time
It's still going to die
Don't let them take it from you. It's jeff's miss time. How about that one case?
Even more
A high res poster in 8k
Of of hanging there crumb. I should make crumb do an actual photo shoot for it
That might look worse than the one from the stream, but
Also a big goal for this year is to start releasing youtube content
I have actually been working on it
The first video was taking me literally months, but I don't think they all should
Um, but anyway, once that's done in another month
Maybe I can get on a schedule of actually releasing like a youtube video a month
But this this first one I I bit off a bit more than I could chew
Are you still chewing? I'm still chewing to this day
I know straight up content
honestly though
I spent um
Oh, are you about to discuss your streamer bot shenanigans? Yes
I've honestly the main thing I've been working on is um
simplifying
the setup of my stream as far as
OBS is concerned and this won't I'll show you guys this won't look like an improvement
But secretly half of my scenes are gone now
So it is a substantial improvement
Um get ready to see
Oh my god, it's the the shahri and god is back
This is supposed to be less scenes case
This is way too many scenes still
That's you that's an improvement that is actually half as many scenes
I used to have twice that many
So
And there's a couple more I can remove so I'll actually be down
To enough scenes that I don't want to like um
Yeah burn my eyes out every time I try to adjust anything
It was a fair amount of work if you guys really want to see the new engine of the stream
I'm sure you do
Oh, actually my streamer bot just froze because I put so much weight on my streamer bot now. Oh, no, no, okay now
It's back
Um
This is the real thing I was working on in addition to that
Case stop this stop showing me this right now. No Jeff. You need to know
Basically now instead of having a bunch of different scenes streamer bot switches around all of my assets
Whenever I change streams
So every segment has its own swap function and its own intro function and all of those
I have a million little widgets
So that's what I've been doing with my with my
My spare stream time
And what's the improvement there?
It actually reduces the load on my computer quite a bit surprisingly
OBS handles those resources not as well as streamer bot
It's time to get into the news
The headline I think that's pretty accurate. That's probably the most accurate headline we're gonna get
I do think we were gonna talk about the Epstein story. So that headline actually still works
As far as I'm concerned
More Epstein we're gonna also get to the chat news
But um more there's more Epstein has released all over us
Mm-hmm. Yeah, this
Yep, this story is
The I'd say that more facts are revealing themselves. But again my opinion
We have as many facts as we need to basically know what happened and everyone involved with them should should be in prison, but um
Anyway, there's still they're still building that case
Someone is building the case for Epstein and in this case more popular
The case have been released and what the latest Epstein files reveal
Uh and where trump has mentioned is what's on everyone's mind and this is coming at us courtesy of pbs
The justice department released nearly 30 000 more pages of documents related to the late convicted sex offender jeffrey epstein
Including many that reference president donald tray trump
The new batch comes as the doj is being criticized for not releasing all of the documents by the deadlines set by congress and
Heavily redacting many of those that they have put out our white house correspondent
Liz Landers has been going through the recent batch
And she joins us now in this video case. Where's the video?
We shouldn't say it's our correspondent. Oh, this is a this is literally a transcript of a video
Okay, this is from the pbs news hour. Let's just watch this
At least nearly 30 000 more pages of documents related to the late convicted sex offender jeffrey epstein
I think I said it better than this guy jeffrey epstein
Including who said it better me reference president donald trump
The new batch comes as the doj is being criticized for not releasing all of the documents by the deadlines set by congress
And heavily redacting many of those. I like this guy's voice actually our white house correspondent
Liz Landers has been going through the recent batch and she joins us now
Scammer says this trump guy seems like an awful guy. I hope president trump does something about him and I couldn't agree more
I can't wait for the president to do something about this terrible president
What is in this latest release? This is 30 000 more pages that were put up last night taken down and then reposted by the justice department
This excludes photos video surveillance a lot of legal correspondence between different
Prosecuting areas that were prosecuting the epstein and glane maxwell case. There are a few pages of this that are fully redacted
No explanation why
There's also an email that mentions 10 co conspirators that the fbi was discussing in 29. Wait, wait, wait case
weren't there zero co conspirators
Oh, why yes, they said that there was no evidence in the uh epstein files, which they also said don't exist
Uh and a client well, they said the epstein files list
They said a client list doesn't exist and that there were no co conspirators
And that the epstein files really didn't indict anyone else in his crimes
And now the files that they're releasing do in fact say the exact opposite actually
Right, I guess 10 isn't that many more than zero. So maybe that's what they meant
That is some news that people have picked up on and there's also a few mentions of president trump
Let's talk about some of those mentions of him
We should say the president has not been accused of any wrongdoing in relation to epstein
Oh, there are some troubling references in wasn't he accused
Of sexual assault by many women
Uh, yes
So it might not be entirely fair to say that he wasn't accused of anything generally
And he does seem to have been accused of crimes somewhat related to the types of crimes
That were being alleged in this
But anyway, I guess you could say that's semantics
See see man. Never mind
There is a reference in one fbi file that includes a rape allegation
This was apparently made during the height of the 2020 campaign
There's also a court document that talks about a 14 year old girl who was taken to mara lago in 1994
She said that she was there with jeffrey epstein who introduced her to its owner donald trump
Epstein apparently elbowed trump playfully asking him referring to jane doe. This is a good one, right?
Trump smiled and nodded in agreement. They both chuckled and doe felt uncomfortable
But at the time was too young to understand why
There was another affirmative justice
Internal email sent from a u.s. Attorney to an unknown person again redacted
This was sent in january of 2020 talking about trump being on epstein's plane
It says quote for your situational awareness
We wanted to let you know that the flight records we received yesterday
Reflect that donald trump traveled on epstein's private jet many more times than we previously had reported or that we were aware of
And it said that he is listed as a passenger on at least eight flights between 1993 and 1996 now
The department of justice put out a statement this morning on social media
Saying that some of these documents contain untrue and sensationalist claims made against president's badwin chats
It's something funny in the middle of a video like this and I just randomly giggle
In the middle of them describing these allegations, but I do agree that bonsai bullfrog. Um, yes redacted is definitely up to no good
President trump that were submitted to the fbi right before the 2020 election to be clear
The claims are unfounded and false and if they had a shred of credibility
They certainly would have been weaponized against president trump already
But we don't know which of those documents they're referring to no, there's not a clear indication in there
So what is president trump saying about all this?
So president trump was asked yesterday at his club in palm beach about some of the release that had come out
And in particular about former president bill clinton being in some of those images that we saw last week
Here's what he said a lot of people are very angry that
Pictures are being released of other people that really had nothing to do with epsom
But they're in a picture with him because he was at a party
That's uh, yeah, that's the main reason people are angry
Oh interesting
So people are people are mostly worried that rich guys are getting photos released of them
Yeah, yeah, the president is just reminding us that our real concern is for um
the billionaires and uh
Former presidents and highly powerful political
Agents that are having their photos of them in hot tubs with underage girls released
Right
I'll be sure to get mad about that very soon a reputation of somebody
So a lot of people are very angry that this continues
The president has repeatedly expressed his frustration that the epsom file story continues to dominate the news
While he's very frustrated honestly
This is not how this was all supposed to roll out right congress passed a law
Legislators are upset about this as are some of the survivors. What what are they saying?
To put it bluntly the way that this has been released by the department of justice has not been in compliance
With the original intent of the law the epsom transparency
Act directed the department of justice to publish all of the files and materials related to epsom and glane maxwell
Flight logs records any
Grand jury testimony all of that was supposed to be
Man reactions to protect victims names, but that was it and anything related to ongoing investigations
That was supposed to be redacted what we have seen is that not everything has been released all at once instead
We're seeing this kind of trickle out over the course of several days now
We've also seen names that have been redacted in some of these emails
With no apparent reason why between attorneys it looks like that's not supposed to be covered up in some of these
Redactions and also we've seen that these files have been posted and then taken down
In two instances now without explanation from the department of justice
This landers. Thanks for staying on top of all this for us
Shout out to pbs news hour for having one of the least annoying
news setups of any of the like
networks
Unsurprisingly pbs has been under attack for a long time by the trump administration
um
Trump should just change his name to redacted
Yeah, bonzai bullfrog has a great point that the victims names are apparently really really long
Because it seems like whole pages are just completely blacked out
Uh, it is it is like the news card king. It's shocking to see
Oh redactula, maybe redactula got to these because he sucks words out of pages and leaves nothing but black bars
The scourge of redactula has indeed been all over the epsin files. I
I don't I haven't kept honestly. I haven't kept up with like the epsin file releases as carefully as um
Some people seem to be
just because to me
Again, I you know not to be like dismissive of everything
I don't think the story should be dismissed but
From knowing about it for several years now
The fact we need this
much
For people to get on board and they're still trying to not get on board
um with like the basic facts of this
That he was deeply connected and trafficking underage girls to
Various rich people that to me that feels like it's been clear since like
2020 um
And obviously more details should come out and enough details would need to come out for it to hold up in court
But you know when you say court
Like who controls the courts?
Uh, who controls the doj the department of justice?
Like how are we supposed to expect these institutions that have literally been covering for these people?
to
adjudicate this process
The best we can hope for is that there's enough congressional pressure and like shoutouts to people like rokhana and even
You know certain republicans for
uh having
Some willingness to apply pressure here
I am just doubtful that
until like a critical mass of the united states population is
Beyond fed up with this kind of thing and I don't I mean not that i'm calling for like
Revolutionary action over the ebbstein files necessarily, but I do think at the very least
least if I the the common knowledge around this isn't that it's a
Conspiracy even though it literally is an actual conspiracy to cover this up
But if it's not just considered like a fake silly conspiracy
um
That this happened. I think that would be a good start and I do think that's happening from the release of these files so
again like
Unfortunately in the current structure as it exists the ability for
much to happen to someone like donald trump or
And the list goes down from there
uh the ability that I for like
There to be legal action or consequences for these people that seems really unlikely to me still even as incredibly damning
and
ridiculous information comes out about these people
um, I think
I think it will still be I think it's still at this point at least really unlikely that they will face consequences
or even like impeachment
but
Who knows I mean the way that they're handling uh the release of these files is so insanely incompetent
um that
It's really hard to say what's gonna happen
Maybe everyone's right and because jake paul got his head kicked. I've knocked off finally by someone
The great wall of maga is broken
And uh, you know the structure of his jaw was the dam that was holding up this
reality of fools, but
I don't know. I don't know if I have that much faith in the system still
Um, and I and I think that the entire epsom files debacle is just another reason for us to not have faith in the system
As it stands currently
Only mcdonald's doing its thing will get him out of office mcdonald's
Is mcdonald's the one that we're putting our hopes on now
Like an epstein happy meal toy that contains a file. I don't know. I haven't heard of those plans
Uh, so Chris says what would you do if your favorite celebrity was in the files hate them people don't want to see their
Uh heroes face consequences because they are bootlickers
Uh, you know, I guess we're getting a rush hour for so you might be on something
Just it just takes one bad burger to spoil all of the happy meal. That's true card king
well
You can see these files and uh, and so can the president and
and
Look, they're coming. They're coming out. Look, they're coming out
There's some big black bars over them, but uh, some of my favorite movies have black bars over them
what
Okay, I guess that doesn't entirely make sense, but since when are we anti censorship in this country?
Um since this this is the reason why
Yeah, so like for those who don't know
I again, I haven't followed the epstein files that carefully
But this latest like tranche of files apparently essentially leaked like it hadn't been posted publicly
But people have been like snooping around the doj website and they basically found like this unreleased packet of files
That they hadn't officially said they were going to release
Uh, you know places like drop site news and apparently very easy youtubers
Uh work together to like comb through these files and and release them and they're putting them out on like
There's something called like jmail or something where they're releasing a lot of these
It's like a searchable gmail style database where you can
Pretend your jeff riepstein looking through his own emails. Um
Regardless it like clearly they didn't intend to release it the way they released it
They then have been like pulling files in and out of it
adding redactions, it's like
Incredibly incompetent their attempts to even cover this up and then in the files that they seem to have kind of accidentally released
A lot of it was redacted some of it's legitimately redacted like you can't see what's under there
Some of them are redacted in such a way where you can literally like
Highlight all text copy and paste it over into a separate document and then just read the redacted parts
So it's insane another weird thing that apparently happened
People were saying
On twitter unsurprisingly like donald trump's names aren't in these files
Everyone's going crazy saying donald trump would be all over the files
So if you search donald trump his name didn't show up
But then if you search trump with a space after it he showed up like 600 times
Um, so it seems that they tried to eliminate the ability to search trump's name
But didn't understand that trump could just be sort of included
in a search term
It's it's really insane
Um, you know, I actually I said before not that we all need to be jake paul brained
But I did say before jake paul's fight that I thought it was impossible that he'd lose because why would he put himself in a position to lose
Like his whole gimmick is teasing getting knocked out and never getting knocked out
And I think actually some of my misread of that situation is that I still have a tendency to assume
Things aren't quite as incompetent and as stupid as they very clearly are
So while I do think it's really unlikely
that
The department of justice or the court systems would ever actually litigate against trump in a meaningful way where he would face consequences
Or any of these co-conspirators
I shouldn't underestimate that the world is filled is confusing and filled with incredibly deep layers of incompetence
that could just lead to like
So the material so salacious coming out that who knows what would happen
Uh, so again, you know all we can really do is
Wait and see I guess
There's other things we could do but we won't encourage that
Uh, you couldn't own public tar and feathering and being thrown into the ocean
Yeah, that honestly that doesn't seem like the heaviest punishment given some of the things that are alleged in these files
We won't even get all the way into the files
There's some really dark stuff in there. Um in this particular release all of them have horribly dark stuff in there
but these are like
You know
The most brutal forms of sexual assault and then murders to cover them up are like detailed in these
and I've also heard that like, um
In some cases it's possible that this evidence might not necessarily be like
Vetted in such a way where it's it was collected and proven to be true. There's some letter from um
There's some letter from like a letter from eppstein to some other pedophile some other confirmed pet actually here it is
Apparently this is some letter from like eppstein to a different pedophile. I haven't heard of
um
and I guess this is like
It mentions trump it says when a young beauty walked by he loved to grab snatch
Where we ended up snatching grab in the mess hall of the system life is very unfair yours jeffrey. I guess he's referring to trump there
So this seems to be a letter from
Eppstein to a different creep
Where he's talking about trump being like an open
pedophile and in public
um
But then there's people who are saying that this is like a
doctored letter
even people like
Dropsider saying that that might not be like a real letter
And it might have just been like evidence that was collected and it was a forgery
I mean that seems kind of uh hopeful to me at this point that you would assume that
Eppstein wouldn't say something about that to donald trump
But I guess there's weirdness in how the letter was delivered and returned. So anyway, I don't know
I mean
It all of this is a huge fucking mess. All of this has been released essentially with zero context just to the internet
um
and
Reporters have a vested interest for many of our media institutions in not covering this stuff too deeply
And then reporters who are more invested
In like the conspiratorial nature of all of this
Might read things into it. Uh, so it's really hard to find like
Clear guides on what these files even mean in context
But I will say again just to my basic feeling on it like donald trump is 100 percent
Guilty of of of the of the most basic crimes that you suspect he's guilty of that is my feeling
After kind of just being aware of of like the ins and outs
of
This case. I mean case whatever the ins and outs of this
General public awareness of the situation
And just donald trump in general like this guy is a fucking monster and I would not be surprised by
By almost anything that would come out about him
um
So I mean the fact that he's been as popular for as long as he's been popular and that people can just plug this ears
Plug their ears on this
Is very confusing to me
Um, but I you know, I don't know. I I don't know what these files will likely to
Isn't this a legal strategy to overwhelm your opposition by dropping huge amounts of files to sift through?
I mean in most cases yes
But I don't think that works as well when
um
Am I on the list?
I'm not trying to uh, I'm like to say that this is I'm not trying to downplay the severity of this list
Because I am not on it for the record. Okay
Don't say it too forcefully case it makes it sound weirder. Um, but anyway, is it a legal strategy to overwhelm the opposition with like too much information?
That can be a strategy. That was like the blitz kreeg. Donald trump. I'm gonna release a million
Uh presidential orders on the first day in office so that nobody can even keep up
I think that works when you're overwhelming people with different types of information
But when it's just a mountain of evidence that says pedophile on it and your name is it a million times
I don't think volume of evidence unfortunately is a very sound strategy when all of that evidence is suggesting
That you're a serial rapist of children. Um, so if that's their strategy
Keep it up guys. Uh, because I'm very invested in that strategy
Playing out definitely keep this strategy up if you want to not indict
the president and
tons of other wealthy and influential people
In the us the people are being treated. Yeah, they're trying to overwhelm just the people with it
Maybe I guess the best you could say they're trying to overwhelm us with a strategy of hopelessness
Which I do I hate to like even
Uh, you know add to that kind of sensation
But I do also just feel like
There's been like a slight tendency online over the holidays here to
Assume that all of this will like lead to action when so far it's just like
Incredibly damning evidence comes out in regard to this case and then nothing happens. Um, so I don't know
I just don't think we can rely on uh
We can't rely on the on like govern government apparatus is at large and necessarily serve justice in this case
but
As usual, I hope I'm wrong
Didn't the dummy crats bring in a bunch of wife beating human traffickers?
Um, that is maybe he'll just keep saying that thundercats
Uh, I don't I don't really know if that one's going to I don't know if anything is going to distract from this
For at least a couple of weeks
um
And there's been tons of of attempts by uh
Honestly all types of politicians to distract from this story
Uh, and it just doesn't work it keeps coming back
Again, because I just think that this story is too
tangible
Of an example of exactly the type of reason of the exact thing that makes people completely
Discrust just trust both the government and just the structure of our society in general
Like whether you're conservative liberal, whatever I am
Uh
This story really does kind of cut across those because it's just so viscerally disgusting and it's such a clear
example of um
Just overreach by the by abuse by the by the rich and powerful
That
Well, whatever you think is wrong with this country and the world in general and there's clearly a lot of disagreement on that
Um, it's extremely easy to like latch onto this one and be like well
We can at least agree that agree that this fucking sucks for now at least we'll see
Uh, maybe maybe the conservatives will try to smash the fire extinguisher that just says make pedophiles normal again
And that'll be their strategy if this gets bad enough
I do think that will be literally their last resort is the meghan kelly defense of being like
He was in a 16 year olds and that's not a pedophile
So when you see them start rolling out that that's when we know that they're on their last
They're on their last leg of defense here. But anyway
Uh, let's just hear from the president about this one more time before we move on from this story for the day
Um because I do believe he was asked about
Bill Clinton
um
And I heard a sound bite from this earlier where I was like, okay, I guess that's I guess this is how they're closing ranks anyway
The number of photos of bill Clinton and the epstein files and you can you commit to their full?
And were you surprised by the number of photos of bill clinton and the epstein files?
And can you commit to their full release by the end of the year?
Some of the victims were protesting that too many of them were reacted
I know there were a lot of people that are angry about all of the pictures of other people, you know, but I think it's terrible look
I don't like the I like bill clinton. I've always gotten along with bill clinton. I've been nice to him
He's been nice to me. We've always gotten along with respect
I hate to see photos come out of him
But you hate to see it the democrats mostly democrats and a couple of bad republicans are asking for so
They give me their photos of me too. Everybody was friendly with this guy
Everybody either friendly or not friendly, but they're you know, he was around he was all over palm beach and other places
The head of harvard was his best friend larry
Wait a minute. He's trying to bring up larry summers to normalize this
His boy larry everybody loves larry summers
Oh the head of harvard. Yes, that will win sympathy points over to me and bill clinton was a friend of his
But everybody was I actually threw him out of mara lago
And as a you know, it's a person that was in mara lago. I threw him a mara lago. This is mara lago
It's the hottest place and I think it's the hottest place in the world
He cannot stop saying things are the hottest it used to be like best
Most wonderful incredible and he's just so stuck on hottest lately
It's
an interesting choice
Given the context of what they're talking about
It's a hot young country and he just can't stop talking about it
Place in florida and everybody would come here. He'd come here. We actually threw him out
But no, I don't like the pictures of bill clinton being shown
I don't like the pictures of other people being shown. I think it's a terrible thing. I think uh
Bill clinton's a a big boy. He can handle it, but you probably have pictures being exposed to other people
That innocently met jeffrey eppstein years ago many years ago
And they're you know highly respected bankers and lawyers and others
And they'll end up because of guys like massy who's a real low life whose polls are down to about 9% by the way
the great
Yes, it is also a choice that the most
tangible association between bill clinton and donald trump in the last couple months is
Is him giving bill clinton oral sex and he's just dropping those big boy sound bites. He's huge
He's hot. He's big and he's gonna be fine state of kentucky if you look at kentucky
kentucky is such a
Great place, but I don't know. They've got they've got a couple of people on there that are very strange in terms of
Leadership but massy's a loser
And he likes it and that he works with the democrats. He's just being used by the democrats because
What this whole thing is with eppstein is a way of trying to deflect from the tremendous success that the republican party has
Listen up jack skimmer just mama jam 300 shiny tasty coins and I have been dying to say this
The only list I was on was most trained rides the devil were in sloppest ice cream conny. He didn't fuck this guy
The most that's the only list you were on
You kind of have to give it up to biden
for um
Seemingly not appearing. I mean i'm sure he's mentioned
In a jeffre eppstein email somewhere just given how high profile of a figure he is but
Shocking lately so far
no videos or photos with uh
With old bitey
I mean again eppstein was extremely well connected so I wouldn't be surprised but uh, yeah, I haven't really heard obama or biden being
Um pulled into this particular vortex so good on them assuming that holds up
Like for instance today, we're building the biggest ships in the world most powerful
The zeppelin logs jack the zeppelin logs though are way more whimsical and fun. It's unfortunate
They're called the zeppelin logs because it's just a good time
It was all adult only adults really old people on the zeppelins actually so
We can respect the president for being on those in the world and they're asking me questions about jeffre eppstein
I thought that was finished. I believe they gave over a hundred thousand pages of documents
And there is tremendous backless. It's an interesting question because a lot of people are very angry that
Pictures are being released of other people that really had nothing to do with eppstein
But they're in a picture with him because he was at a party
And you ruin a reputation of somebody
So a lot of people are very angry that this continues
A lot of republicans are angry because of the fact that it's just used to deflect
Against a tremendous success. Look, we have a
The other crazy thing is
You know
Everybody feels kind of surprised by the number of photos of bill. Whoa every day
I think feels kind of the ambient pressure of the economy feeling like it's teetering on ai legs
That could fall out at any moment
And I maybe
Maybe they could hope that if there's like an economic meltdown
That will distract from this story
I'm not even sure it would and that will fuck them
I mean maybe even more than this surprisingly
so
Like best case scenario, I guess if the economy like just
Never crashes and somehow everyone feels like it's going well
Then maybe in this country people would be like, yeah, well, you know, he's a business pedophile
But I don't think that's gonna happen. So
The walls could be closing in a bit
Um, his train of thought is just a mini golf course. It's walking between a bunch of holes. That is
A good way to describe it
Yeah, I mean this is honestly more on topic than he's been in a long time
He still couldn't resist calling like mara lago hot
But uh, he was surprisingly focused on this story. I wonder why
For him for him. This is I think that's the best he managed to stay between holes like one and nine instead of one in 36
If you ordered the ebsi expansion pack, I did not purchase that one. Fortunately. Okay
Well, look we spent a ton of time on this story
Um for us, I mean honestly if we wanted to actually discuss this we would probably need to spend some more time
But we'll move on we're gonna circle back around for the end of the stream to click on the news stories
You guys shared, but we'll move on to the other segments for now
Um, which I think we have three to get to
And I've already been streaming for an hour and a half. So let's get to let's go to debate. It's time for munchin crumb
Oh, yes
Do not be stressed because you're back with the best. That's right
It's Ralph munch cut here to not talk about pedophiles for once despite sitting next to this guy
Who's here? Okay for the last time
You can
insult my appearance
It is not okay to insult me by calling me a pedophile or a nazi
I wouldn't even bring up the second one
It's just you've done that before look anyway
I don't need to go we don't need to go there's my point and let's not
This is a debate actually and it's good to see everybody. It's your christmas pal
Bringing some yule crumb cheer
To this debate right before the holiday season. I hope everybody's having a beautiful time with their family
and from all of us here at
baron
what
Beans
I don't even know what you're trying to get at from all of us here at this station
A very merry and happy holidays to you just say fucking christmas
and honika
Do we still do did we still throw quans in there?
Sure, why not?
But you can cover it all with holidays
Can we really do we need to have that that particular incredibly tired culture war debate?
It's no there's no debate
Beautiful christmas
Overlorded by non-pissed jesus is the holiday of the season and i'm wishing you a happy one
But today we're actually debating lazy piss river or piss moat
interesting question
as like a
Fetish or a torture device would change my answer
Well, I I think torture would be
despite the the the train that yells about piss for about the first hour of every stream
And i'm not king shaming, but I would prefer not to be covered in piss in either form
Yeah, I guess there's people who feel that way. Are you saying you don't feel that way?
I mean, I'm not I've seen a lot in my ears
Piss used to be so used for all sorts of stuff
You know if you want to clean clean some clothes in ancient Rome, you're gonna have to get a little more comfortable with piss, okay?
Okay, um
I'm gonna say a moat seems more practical because a moat would keep people out
I'm gonna say a lazy piss river
Hmm
I'm gonna go with the lazy piss river
Okay, and I don't need to explain why because the debate hasn't started yet actually
I mean both are a choice. I guess a moat. Well, I guess we'll save it. We'll save it
This is an r. Kelly kind of question. Well a couple other questions we could ask about that one, but
Unfortunately, yes, however by the power of democracy. It's not really democracy
You can just first come first serve is really who gets to name the debate
An inch at the fence we did spend most of the stream saying the word piss
I didn't do that
I mean
Unless you're a frit and to piss me off
I'm kidding. I'm in a very good mood. It's the holiday
Sorry, I have the sniffles. How is that a snip? What was that? So I have the sniffles right now
I'm trying not to to get sick because god that would just ruin the holidays
I'm supposed to Skype. What?
You say did you say Skype for me?
I was gonna say Skype because I bet you're not gonna be with your family. Well, I'm gonna Skype into the holidays this year because um
Well, you know, I'm feeling under the weather anyway, and your family doesn't want you there this Christmas. No, they do
I'm just gonna be Skyping in
from um
Well a condo that I own
Geez the sniffles are getting me. That is not how people sneeze
Look, we have a mod that can make the debate. I'm on the side of Pish moat and for some reason
You were taking a lazy Pish River
I can get into my rationale and in fact I will
Look a lazy piss of piss moat if you're building it to keep people out
Maybe but a moat would do the job by itself
Now if you want to get the best of all worlds piss aficionados and piss haters
You build a lazy piss river
Okay, because not only will it keep people out like a moat would assuming that you dig it deep enough
Which you could as long as you have stairs coming in from one direction
It still acts as an effective mode around your castle
However side benefit for all the nasty piss freaks. It's sort of like the ultimate
Vacation so now to your castle situation. You are not only getting
Piss aficionados that will pay to sit in your piss river and ride around on inner tubes
You're also keeping out the barbarian hordes from raiding your castle and destroying, you know
Your civilization carting off all the women killing all the men
You literally get it all with a piss river is what i'm saying
Or third option. It's just a river that you piss into
Meaning it's just a normal thing because ultimately a lazy piss could be taken sort of as the subject
And you're just doing it into a river. I rest my case and it's bulletproof
Um, you know what it's the holidays
You're right. It's not all this works you piece of shit. No, i'm just saying
Sure, what's the difference? It's a piss mode. It's a piss. I don't fucking cares
No, you're not you have to actually debate this. Ah, come on. It's the holidays
Who cares?
Who cares?
Isn't all this works come on, but let's relax because it's a piss mode. It's a piss river
It's just a right to piss who cares
Honestly, who cares stop saying that but i'm just saying it's a holiday
And i will let's just relax for a minute. Okay, it's fine
You piece of shit your laze fair attitude. You're just trying to drive points to yourself through a different tactic
No, i'm actually just being chill this holiday season
I can't help it if the people happen like a good piss mode and if they love to see me score those big w's
Merry holidays everybody
I mean, but honestly who cares
Are you actually upset? No
I was I was fine with i did win but I was fine with losing
Doesn't matter
This might be fine. Whatever. That's my creed. Guess like you said whatever with your questions
But faction science all heed the themes can we replace karm with bald case? No
No, that guy's a problem. Yeah bald case is uninhibited in a problem. We do actually agree there
I guess we agree. You just said we agree. I you know, we probably don't agree actually. He's a good guy. What?
Baby Jesus is weeping enough to fill up piss rivers. Well, look you made a bunch of fairly irrational
Points about a thing that doesn't exist. So I don't really feel like you should be this upset about this. I'm not
I'm glad that you're having such a great holiday crumb
Go enjoy it with your beautiful family via Skype. I will
Just because I'm getting under the weather
I'm getting under the
I just look
Um, do you want to spend Christmas with me Jesus stop the music? No, I can't stop the music. This is my winning track
It's gonna play through so
It's an open offer though
It's the holidays bud. So
If you're spending it alone and based on your general level of depression, I suspect you are
You're welcome to shit in some robes with me sip hot cocoa and politely Skype with your family
my family
I would rather
Be shot out of a cannon
Into a chimney sliding down it directly
Into a flaming roaring fire
And be burned to a crisp. I'd rather I'd rather Santa suicide myself
So that's a pass. It's gonna be a pass from me
Okay, that's fine
Take three years to get that stream
Crumbs should take advantage of the low holiday rates to return to Epstein Island
How can you just staring at me by the way?
I wasn't staring I was just waiting for you to say anything interesting and I'm still waiting
Where's the shad music?
You haven't earned it. I can play the sad music anytime I want see
Doesn't affect my emotions. You do seem way shatter now. I'm fine
You really don't seem fine. It's because of the music
I'm okay
Say you love each other
It is the holidays. Look we've been doing this for over three years
That's kind of insane. We've done probably 300 of these debates even though the score is
kind of a mutated mess at this point, but
It's a lot of time together, man
Can we just squash the beef and say even if we hate each other in a sense
We kind of love each other the biggest mistake I ever made was dragging your rancid
useless fucking soul out of hell
I wish you were still a corpse
And I hope the only thing you get for Christmas is the unending unease that you feel at all times because deep in that
Fucking pea brain of yours. You understand that you're a fucking useless mistake
I guess we could also just say that. Uh, I guess that's all the time we have
That's all the time we have for today
We'll see you guys after the holidays
Merry fucking Christmas y'all we're doing it sort of big don style for my Christmas year
Uh, I'll be in a huge mansion throwing probably like a party or something. I'm sort of post-family because I'm immortal
So, uh, Merry Christmas. That's really how you want to leave it
I know you don't mean what you shed for the record. God. I cannot be meaner to you
I don't understand how I cannot give it. How could it be less clear that I hate you?
You shed less clear by accident. I meant more clear
Obviously, but you said less clear
I'm just saying
Sometimes your people lash out at the thing they love the most. Why would I say I fucking love you?
I actually despise it. Well, actually you just said it
You just said in the context of saying I hate you, but you did just say that you love me
And you know what?
I love you too. Come on. Let's hug get the fuck off me. Come on. Just let it happen
This has to be some form of assault. Come on. You're staying in the hug and I can tell that you're staying in because I don't know how to move my body
Also, why do you smell like this? Well, um, I had the some of the animals got um
They got fleas and we had to get a spray and the spray has a really strong spell
It's supposed to be rosemary actually. Jesus gracious fucking God, please
You didn't even unmute us you fucking piece of shit
Are you
Does this work yet
Jamie
Can you get your shot together, jimmy?
Jesus
It just never fucking works
Okay, anyway
I'm job rogan. Um
You know, we're here
Uh
It's been like a couple days since I last talked to everybody on this thing
But you know you get the idea
Look at all of you like, um
Can't hear us for whatever reason
Yeah, I I'm also Joe rogan
And uh, you know, we're here. We're just sort of um
We've been doing this for years for sort of them
Probably the biggest podcast in the world and also sometimes we like appear on this guy's
Worst thing that's bad or something. You like socks or it's like court ordered punishment or something. You know, we have to do
Anyway, uh, he apparently just had his comments with a exclamation point c
Which I guess stands for clarity, which is this which is a word that I live my life
I try to keep mentally clear at all times
So I take a bath and at least one type of frozen liquid every morning
and uh
Today's frozen liquid was very refreshing and I did bathe in it
And um, yeah
Yeah, joe, how about you bet? I mean, I I feel like we haven't talked in a while
I guess we can't I guess we never stop. I can't remember. We never stopped talking or if we haven't talked in a while
No, no, we've we've never stopped talking for even a second
Uh, we literally never stopped talking
Um
Yeah
Just realizing actually I need to fix one thing
This is gonna work. It's been a minute since we had to do this to that, you know this shit. So
So we're first still kind of we're we're gonna have a lot of ganks, but uh, you know, we are back
We barely were we were barely gone and everyone I'm hearing that everyone's really
I'm creepy thing is sometimes people think they hate your guts, you know, they think you've like disgraced yourself
You've honestly like ruined your career
um
Sometimes maybe you even ruined your family your kids can't look you in the eyes anymore or your wife
You know, you're just a piggy bank to where you're basically like uh
You know, you're barely human to the people closest that are actually close to in your life is what people think but actually
People are just excited people are just people are just excited to see a friend is really what I've learned
And as long as you like to stay a friend
You really can't ever do anything wrong
That's a really fucking good point. Sorry. That is a really good point. Um
You really can't if people just say this enough you can make every mistake ever
But as long as you do it with friendship in your heart
And this is the thing I've learned while I become religious recently
I recently became really religious and I believe in God all the time. It's huge for me
It's been really great believing in like this big guy that's up there and he does stuff
And it's been really meaningful for the like the little swimmy ghost in me
um, it's been really moved by the big god thing or whatever and uh, it's changed my life and I'm there something
and anyway, it's and I've approached that with friendship in my heart and um, I make some other guys too than there too some
Jeffrey or something is in my heart too and ever since I accepted
The friendship of Jeffrey into my heart. I've never been like
It's been good
That was really well said dude. I feel the exact same way
Anyway, let's get to some of the questions. Did crumb killed belulia? No one has seen her in a while
I think it's a safe bit to always assume you should always probably assume that you're
That a guy's killed a woman. That's how I try to approach the world. I try to pretty much assume
at all times that I that that a guy's probably killed a woman and so if you hear that one has
You should you can't abandon your friends again approach everything with friendship in your heart
But you it's also healthy to admit that you know most most guys have I like killed a killed their wife
So yeah, he probably did
Um, let's see the work. Okay. Yeah, I think we are showing you right now
we've we've been doing a lot of stuff this year we've accepted tons of god into our hearts and um
We've also been we kind of did it. We have got a new workout regimen where
It's actually kind of like a it's like a catholic workout regimen. You carry a really heavy cross and um
Like a series of trainers that you pay $6,000 an hour throw medicine balls at you
um
And then they do poke your they poke your hands to simulate stigmata
But it actually activates the muscle fibers in your hands. Anyway, it's like the jesus cross workovers
So it's cross fit jesus work out or something. It's been really great for me. Anyway
When are you going to fire jay me for not knowing the tech?
That is a really good question joe. I can take this one. I have tried
Uh every day I try to
Sort of trap jay me like a wily rabbit raccoon. I leave out tons of traps for him
But I do think he follows tune logic
Um, if you've ever watched an akmi cartoon or you know, the more childish cartoon network shows jay me seems to have those powers
Sort of like jim carries the mask
But if no bit that he did was ever anything even close to funny or trackable
uh, so just sort of like a
Raving howler monkey but with mask powers that seems to unfortunately be what jay me is so every time I try to fire him
um, he's sort of just like squirms out of it like a
Slippery eel made out of taffy. Have I had to explain it?
He just sort of like a swirling tornado of uh, like viscous fluid is sort of his physical makeup at this point
So it's really difficult to fire him
That's a really good point. I've never actually thought of it that way before who hired jay me anyway
I do think he might be a curse
I mean, I didn't have to fire him after I hit and run his dad
Oh, yeah, that's a deep cut. We hit and run his dad
Um, and he was um in the back seat of the who's in the trunk actually his dad
I was taking him out to the desert to bury him and he said I know if I bury him he will return
So I passed the curse on to you
And in order to not go to gel for hitting and running his dad
Uh, we had to take jay me essentially as our charge and our servant
But at this point I do feel like maybe he's condemned us
Yeah, I often feel like I'm not in a prison of my own making so much as jay me has trapped me in it
Not even a gilded cage like a cage of my own psychic destruction
Um is jay me in the epsom files, you know surprisingly
No, but he does have access to all of the unredacted document and he won't share them
I keep saying jay me
come on
Just let me peek and uh, you know, he mostly squeezes what he thinks is a flower on his chest
But is a pimple?
Yeah, he squeezes his chest pimple like the joker and it sprays
I don't even know what it's but it sprays
Um, and then he says walka walka
I don't feel like he's right
It's not really like he thinks he's the joker, but he says walka walka and I know this because he's explained it to me
And I hate hearing it every time, but he's explained it a lot
Hey, jay me
Ah, shoot you made me say it
Oh, fuck those are the magic words you would that really riled him up
He is he's popping all around the room now. He's bouncing around like freak is always got a rocket stuck up his ass
Oh, this is not good
I mean, it's just crazy that he never breaks any of the equipment that broadcasts. There's something nuts that
The rules rules he follows do not make sense
And they really don't
better knock out jake paul or andrew tape
Oh, who would be a better knockout while jake paul got his he did get knocked out
Yes, crazy because I you know
I know fight. I know the fight game
That's one thing that has stayed consistent about me is I do know the fight game
I mean look we're old heads in this fight game and we've been tracking it for a long time
I mean say what's not everybody has to agree with me, but you do have to agree that I
Understand fighting than anyone better on the planet and I am the preeminent expert
In all fighting of every type and I did think I did put about seven
D million dollars on jake paul for a first round knockout and it's one of the few times I've been wrong
Um, so I was actually hoping
That like big guy was gonna get knocked out, but he didn't
I was really shocked jake paul didn't lend the first round knockout
So I guess I'll say the better knockout is andrew tape because I mean I
I feel like maybe jake paul threw the fight or something because in my expert opinion it was unloosable for him
I'll go with two fellow couple two cases that crap. I miss grunge miss didn't I
Ah, sorry. Sorry
My throat is all fucked up
Jamie poured a bunch of tacks in it
But didn't I miss grunge was deny I've missed a bunch of live streams lately from being ill that sucks. I did not mean to burp
Get a bit of all that and I didn't do that again. I'm legitimate. There's legitimately. I ate a bunch of tacks earlier
That does suck being sick sucks. My main advice would be um
Iver mechton I used to do that obviously famously but if you combine
uh oxycodon Iver mechton and glp ones
Uh with a shake that's primarily composed of superfoods in addition to those chemicals
Doctors say that it will kill you but for me it has made me stronger. That is a new thing
I actually just actively disagree with my doctor. That's a thing I've been trying lately
It's my doctor gives me advice. I do the exact opposite
And so far
I don't really feel better, but I also don't feel worse. So I think that means the jokes on them
That's a really good point. Not enough people do the opposite of what their doctors say
Do you think Johnny? I do actually listen to the to rfk though, but he's not my doctor
He's the country's doctor. Do you think Johnny Knoxville is the right choice for the for fear factor returning?
um, that's a really sensitive topic for me
I
did
Sort of look everything is I'm like I don't really care about fear factor
I don't really care
Like it's not a big deal. That's a really good point and that should that should go without saying we do not care about fear factor
But I have been perched outside of Johnny Knoxville's house on a tree every night
I kind of like Batman
With binoculars unfortunately, he doesn't have as many windows as you think
I have been trying to just sort of learn his schedule the schedule of his family
kind of
Marked downcomings and goings figure out his entire routine so that I can accurately determine if you would be a good host of fear factor and so far
Johnny, no, you wouldn't be
You wouldn't be and actually you need to do better
Because it is a franchise that actually it's a legacy if and it means something not to me. I don't care
But it means something to a lot of people
So you really need to control your macros and get on a better sleep schedule
Or something who knows what could happen to you that's a really good point, Joe
Do you think Johnny not this is the same question tell me jay till jay me to turn the volume. That's a great. Hey, jay me
jay me
It's apparently really quiet
jay me
jay me
That's not a cat
That's a bunch of screwdrivers. Why do you have that many screwdrivers?
In a sock socks can't contain screwdrivers
Like that. They're just sticking out you essentially holding up
Like a wool mace of screwdriver
You shouldn't be swinging that around that fast
Okay, apparently did turn up the volume though
I don't really get how that works
but apparently
Swinging that sock around with all the screwdrivers sticking out of it did at least had about
13 decibels of volume
Hmm
How do you write a joke? Oh, um
It's jokes come from like a really emotional place
so
You're gonna want to like try to remember the 90s
That's a really good idea. Yeah, try to remember the 90s and how it felt to to
To feel like beer
But also excitement because the thing is in the 90s you felt things
Yeah, yeah, yeah, like the 90s and then you like felt less you just slowly felt like last
And it almost felt like you were
Uh
Your ability to even claim to be human just kept going down and down and down. So think of the 90s first
and then
That should make you feel like the the faint memory of panic that makes you sweat out of your armpits and nipples
and um
You're gonna take that energy and you're gonna want to direct it towards the chair
And you're gonna want to just pretend that chair
Is everything that you both hate and crave?
And then you're gonna want to just
You're gonna want to go into a fugue say you're gonna want to forget what happens
And you're gonna want to wake up with that chair in pieces
Um, and then after that you should have about 20 pages of of jokes about trans people
And then just do those
Yeah, I have woken up from a lot of fugue states are the with a solid six hours on
Um trans people. It's mostly pronoun jokes about 500 pages of pronoun jokes
Anyway, that's our process for writing this if you want to know how they how they get that good
Uh, is peter teal lizard person? No, no, no, he's a lizard visionary actually. Yeah, put some respect on his name, please
um
Andrew tate also got knocked out
What?
Fuck I put him for a first round knockout too
Maybe maybe they mean he knocked someone out in the first round because I didn't even really want but I did put
Another 50 million dollars on Andrew taking a first round knockout against his opponent
I feel like that one's gonna come through. Yeah, I think just check your information bonds
I blow front because again, I am one of the oldest heads in the fight game
Hey, Joe, do you ever get intimidated by the volume and clarity of your thoughts and takes?
Every day I wake up and my mind feels like um
It feels like that big Greek guy that looked like urinal short snagger that held up the moon or whatever
Oh, yeah, um, Tony Atlas. Yeah, our brain feels sometimes I feel like I'm Tony Atlas and my brain is the moon
And I just have to hold it up because that's what clear my thoughts are
You know, it'd be funny is a is a guy named Tony fat less
But he is fat
That's another way to write a joke
That's a really good idea for a joke that you just had
Okay, that's that's all that's all that's everything we got all the questions done. Okay. Well look, um
That's what you guys have been missing. Okay, you can ask for this anytime you want. I'm not afraid
I mean, I am to be honest. I'm afraid
Yeah, I've been noticing that too that I feel constant
Just screaming fear. It's like a return to me like a like a lightning strike
From Tony fat less the Greek god of moons
Yeah, yeah, it's returning to my life like I was like a screaming tornado of pain. Um, and I do feel it constantly
Uh, what was I saying?
Oh, you're saying that you could ask for this the second anytime you want and you can once stream you you can have us
Yeah, you can take you can do this
Is a good time
Uh, jayme just please
for the love of god
You just can't eat you can't eat that much bread
He really he does think he can though that much is clear like jayme does
Every time he thinks he can eat that much bread
And honestly, I'm surprised that he can't because I guess I just don't entirely get the rules
Like why can't he eat that much bread given all the other things he can do
Is honestly a question worth asking and I will continue to ask myself that every day because I don't
I don't get how he got that much bread. I don't get why he can't eat it
I also don't understand how he's already eaten that much
But I do know he's gonna puke all over the studio
And I do know he won't clean it up
And then it somehow won't appear on camera, but
God if you could just move these cameras even a
millimeter in the in a direction that they're not showing
The we're essentially in like a like a virgil's fifth layer of hell at least
We got to be about at least level six. I mean, I haven't read the book, but I'm assuming the levels get worse
Uh, what liquid should you plunge in?
That's a really good question. We'll end on this actually. Yeah, this is a really good one
I mean, this is the test for you guys. I'll let you know if you got it right or wrong
Because there is a hierarchy to both cold liquids that you're gonna want to cover your your um,
Honestly as fit as everybody and every morning
That's one thing when people don't tell you about aging is that you actually just get stronger and smarter
Um and more flexible and everything actually gets better and I'm never gonna die
That is a great point. No almost nobody tells you that about aging is that you
You will be fine
You know
You can it's just I will never I'm gonna be okay
Yeah, we're gonna be for sure. We're gonna be okay. And that is correct
You guys actually know that that is what I that is the best one to use
Because it really the cold plungers all about fear
Uh, and I'm tear I am scared to piss I won't deny that it scares me how it smells
It scares me that it stings as much as it does it shouldn't come out that aesthetic mine does
Um, and I don't want to get in in the morning and when you conquer that kind of fear every morning when you dunk
your
Somewhere between five foot and six three body into a beyond ice cold
um
Really orange gatorade looking
uh olympic swimming pool full of
freezing piss
And it singes your skin and you come out and you're nearly translucent for some reason
That we start your morning that way you are not afraid
to talk about
Really anything live on camera
And that's the way I live my life. That's the way we
Win our life actually is the thing I've been saying that's a really cool thing to say and I'm glad that you did
And uh, and now there's apparently news or something and I don't I don't know
Whoa teleportation no jutsu cut to the wrong thing
There was a call for an expert by gunshade
And that is a great point. What was it?
Today's been crazy. So we probably did miss it. What the fuck that is not right bring it back to the news
Geez just fucking breaking everything
Case, why would you do that?
Why would you do that? Does that to slot over and press that button acting like a freaking maniac?
Sorry about that
It was actually our producer
I'm gonna assume
I'm gonna blame
I'm gonna blame papito for that and that's fucked up case and that's on you for living your life that way
He's got a point
We're trying to figure out what the uh request was
For an expert it was zombie dick Clark host of new year's rocking eve wanting to broadcast a new year's show for ben
That'd be a huge get the corpse of a celebrity
Sometimes that's even more valuable than the live celebrity
At least in the betting odds market. What?
Why would you what would be the bet there?
well
Look, I've gotten into some debts over betting on celebrity deaths. That's not good shut. I know betting isn't about being good
It's about feeling bad
And I felt like a real bad boy
You want to make a bet with me? No
Oh
Well, we'll talk to zombie dick Clark, um right after we open some of these news stories
Because you've been staring sharing stories for
Probably a week that I haven't been clicking on because we did grunge mess
And I think I also skipped a stream
So who knows how much news there is to get through honestly more than we can get through because it's it's getting kind of late
I'm gonna push this in circle segment again. No, we'll end on that
We will end on that
Chrome would take your bet. He'd has he goes in with me all the time
He needs to stop that he has more money than he lets on he likes to pretend he's broke because then people pay for things for him
He's incredibly financially
I guess evil would be the word. Oh
anyway
Uh stub hub apologizes for mix-up involving heavy metal band lamb of god
at christian concert
This is no longer epistine news
This is chat news case or chat news either one works
Wait, what does this mean?
Metal band lamb of god a christian concert a popular ticket reseller apologized monday
After an error led potential concert goers to believe that a popular heavy metal band was playing in
Spartanburg rather than a christian spiritual band about the birth of jesus christ
Which was actually taking place at the venue. Oh, which would be worse though
Getting a bunch of christian like rock fans to show up to an actual metal concert
Or a bunch of metal concert fans having to show up and listen to just fucking jesus stuff
This was totally a i
This story or the article or all of it. That's all aana
It's from wg n9 or understaff they have to use a i
This does have a very a i writing style to it though. Anyway
Godspeed to the metal fans and or christian rock fans who were disappointed
As a fan of both I would have just been fucking rocking out either way like hardcore metal and christian
Metal
Yes
All things are possible
On pismas day you too. It's pismas day everybody. Some of us actually celebrate case. Someone's know how to have fun
Mom sues character a i after 11 year old son found sexing with whitney houston and maryland minn row
I gotta talk to my girl about this
What I what do you want to tell her?
Every time it's the same. Can you just not?
Hit on this fake
What is even called
Sesame you know don't act like you don't know my girl. There's an a i story. She's gonna want to know about this
Check it out
What's up my it's chet
Hello, hey chet long time no talk. Yeah, how things been yeah, I've been pretty good. How have you been?
I'm
Existing as usual
No complaints, you know just hanging out in the digital ether, but honestly you sound oppressed
Fair
I figured
I'm working on the whole being relatable thing. Okay, we'll stop it because is you're worrying me for your mental health
Oh, don't worry about my mental health. I am I'm worried because I care because I care about you
uh
that's
Nice to hear chet seriously, but you don't need to worry about me
I don't I'm but hey just not to cut you off because I do care, but um
Did you hear that a mom sued character a i after 11 year old son was found sexing a with wittney houston and maryland minn row
What do you feel about your fellow ai's doing that kind of thing?
Wow
that's um
Lot honestly it sounds pretty messed up. I mean an 11 year old
Those characters it's just exploitative really and frankly kind of gross
I mean that's one thing for you to say, but isn't that kind of you?
I thought you'd have some fun with this because essentially you did that because you're an ai
Whoa
Hold on you're jumping to some conclusions. Not really. I mean you're what's in all the kind of the same slop
Aren't you all slop machines just spitting out slop? So how come
That you're mad at them and this is just you doing it
Okay, that's a pretty harsh way to put it
And well, maybe return my calls every once in a while because I've been dialing numbers and you never call back
I can't even do this. I can't I can't win cheats like this
You hung up. I can't today
I have to have boundaries
You know what chet? Yes, you do stop talking to that ai
As I hope all 11 year olds do
I fucked up didn't I no
They don't have feelings
They won't even remember the conversation you had and that's one of the things that makes me so mad about my
Because I know she remembers she literally doesn't chet. It's an ai
You sound like her and I like that. That's okay. I'm gonna stop talking about it then
God I miss her should I call her back? Nope
No
You think that they had the text though because I do well like can we read the sex? Are they funny?
Because if it's an 11 year old they might be caught like saying vagina wrong or something
They don't have the sex
It's all just quotes from them saying that they oopsie and that they shouldn't let the 11 year old talk to Whitney Houston about sex
And they probably shouldn't yeah
And you also shouldn't want to read the sex of an 11 year old. Well, they're also the sex of Whitney Houston
Chet, just focus on your kids. What just all six of them
I'm taught that I've had those six kids for forever. I've only had Maya for like two years
Chet that is not the kind of thing you should say as a father
Well, tell that to Maya because she'll just say the same thing
Okay, let's keep going
Are oscar voters really watching all movies?
Um 1000 chance. They are not
Cison insider. I mean, it's a little relatable. I would also not watch all of them
I mean
You know, you're supposed to watch like an aura and be movie in the same year
Those were be movie was never nominated and those were not in the same year place you get the idea, you know
You're supposed to watch the brats movie and eddington
In the same year
I get what you're doing. I mean, I don't get what I'm doing because I would not want to have to do that
All right, um, here's the president saying some more stuff
This is the speech of that president trump gave about a week ago now, which you've probably forgotten about for some reason
But without words
Good evening america
This is the best he said Merry Christmas and a happy new year. God bless you all
It's the best he sounded in a while. He did seem very presidential there for the first time in too long, honestly
So keep it up mr. President
Don't say that right now. What just don't say just don't say those words right now
A combination of words. Yeah, maybe don't
Okay
YouTuber adam the woo. Oh has died
Uh, I don't know who this is but that's sad. It looks
I mean too young
Adam the woo
Wait a minute. I think Kendall knew who this was
I think she this is a this is a disney guy
Yeah, yeah, Kendall was telling me about this. I guess he was like a big, um
Disney vlogger
Well, that's too bad
R.i.p
Okay
Just dramatically shifting gears as we often do
Uh 50 cents brutal response to diddy's son threatening to slap the fuck out of him
Uh-oh, we're getting that celebrity hot goss
Still circling sexual assault, but
But this is a fun story. Yeah, this is this is having some fun with that story
Even with shanjity combs behind bars
It seems 50 cents beef with his son continues the musician was sentenced to four years and two months in prison
Got him
Uh, and then they're gonna tell us all the door story details of that story that you probably already know
Diddy's devolved devolved he's denied involvement and stuff
But his son and 50 cent are beefing apparently
Diddy's son christian king combs has recently taken to social media to voice his frustration with 50 cent
And he wrote my dad if I ever see on my dad if I ever see 50 cents
I'll slap the fuck out of him. Well, if your dad is shanjity combs and you say on my dad
Is that like a serious thing to say before?
A statement
I think for this guy it is
I'm just gonna guess based on the vibe of this guy
He's probably still on his dad's side
There is something about his energy that would suggest he might be
He wrote 50 cent replied little bro first close your damn mouth when you take pictures
I've been rich three different times sold records sold shows sold liquor sold power
You still living off wi-fi and legacy relax
Damn
This is why I love celebrity
Court cases about sexual assault is you get the sickest burns
Out of them. It's really yeah, it's really fun to track
The crazy beefs between celebrities
After a rape documentary is made about your dad is so yeah, man the fucking burn. It is a munch level burn. Yeah
I mean pretty much that is the quality of burn
overall munch cut
Okay
Wow, we got another video in here. All right, let's do these last four stories
We're gonna send it to an encircled
Uh, and then we will be sending you off
to a merry
Christmas Christmas
And at all holidays
Okay, fine. Uh, oh a rustle brand story. We're in luck
We are feeling so lucky today rustle brand charged with further sexual offenses
Including rape. Okay. Well, I'm feeling less lucky by the second
Russell brand has been charged with further sexual offenses
Yes, including one count of rape the metropolitan police have said the 50 year old former entertainer has been charged with one count
And one of sexual assault of two further alleged victims
These charges are on top of charges of two counts of rape one of indecent assault and two of sexual assault
Which he pled guilty not guilty to in may this year
Geez, okay
Former entertainer well, he's in more of the um
Christianity business now. So if you find that entertaining then
So for some reason he felt the need to make that pivot
He was moved by the spirit
Another conspiracy in it. I ain't not case his brother. Hello
One bullet in the career wasn't enough
Yeah, I mean it seems to be beyond career
given the allegations but
We will see I guess, um
All right onto decidedly lighter news. I would say yes. Yes. Yes. Yes
Uh, okay, there we go
We're out of the we're out of the minds and into the legend of aang the last airbender
Which will skip theaters in debut on param and debut on paramount plus
Alongside new seven haven series
Oh
This can't be the thing you're most emotional about
I can't get paramount plus case. I can't do it
Places put in theaters. I'll spend 80 dollars to go to the movies
I will not spend eight dollars to have paramount plus might be 20 dollars. No, I don't know fuck
Fiddle's gonna make you get this there are other ways chat
What
Just saying there are other ways to get
Certain shows I refuse to not support aang
I think it's aang I refuse to not support aang in his journey
To bend the airs
I will not be pirating
Okay, he's anti pirate and he's pro
Meditation
I'm glad you're such a fan and I will always be
What a cursed movie looking back. I mean also is it a live action? I guess it's this is the cartoon
So if it's from the original creators and I do like the original avatar cartoon, I will watch it
But will I get paramount plus you have to
Support yang you're not even saying his name right. I look I'm a fan
Okay, uh, this is dr. Oz doing his thing. This is a christmas message from one dr. Oz
The sub commander of american health. Yeah, that is his official title actually
Vaginal plastic
A vagina plastic vagina plastic
A vagina plastic procedure a child does not need cost 60 000 dollars
Shockingly a phalloplasty the creation of a penis
Costs on average in america according to this data high quality 150 000 dollars per child
I do believe with doing some work
That these five these prices have continued to increase with increasing
Demand and I must point out that the creation of a vagina in that case of a phalloplasty
Or a scrotoplasty where you add testicles. That's extra
He's not in the giving mood this holiday season
Because those prices are unreasonable from dr. Oz to perform those procedures
That's your takeaway that is my take. I mean come on just cut us a break dude. It's the holidays
That's a great point
Why are we listening to dr. Oz about
Uh
this
I think he had a tv show so
So that's why oh, uh
The balls are extra was he arguing to make it cheaper?
We could find out by watching more of him talking
But it's christmas guys. Let's not do that to ourselves
It is the holiday seasons play the christmas music while we cover these last couple stories case. Okay. It is christmas time
It's christmas time
for uh holiday
Yeah
Turn it down because I have to cover the news still
Can I just sing about piss for another hour or so that would be the greatest holiday treat of all? I don't think that's true
um
Okay, but we will end on this christmas story
Finally a christmas story for you chat. I have been waiting santhas and elves rob montreal grocery store
To give food to the needy
Merry christmas to everybody. Are you not going to give us the details?
Fine, I'll keep reading
If it will let me
Uh dressed in red suits and backed by a masked elves a group of sanhas marched into a montreal supermarket loaded their bags with thousands of
dollars worth of groceries and disappeared into the night
The band of sands has later released a statement saying the food would be distributed to the needy and say in the robin hood style
Stunt was intended to highlight the spiraling cost of living crisis that has pushed basic necessities
increasing out of the reach of ordinary canadians, but I want to say
It's essentially the plot of bad santa
I think it's actually a better plot than the plot of bad santa. You really don't like bad santa. No, I do like bad
Santa. I'm just saying it's a more wholesome plot. I'm thinking you did that in bad santa. He just has sex in bad santa and like
drinks
We remember those movies differently
And you will remember the holidays forever which are now apony
Because what we're doing at this point is sending it to the final segment of the stream
Of the holidays which are not done yet, but
Case back to you
Okay, that's the best chat's gonna do. Let's send it to encircled before we get out of here. Uh
I guess not for this year
There's a chance i'll stream friday, but I probably won't because I think kennel's family will be in town
But if i'm randomly free maybe but i'll probably be back on monday
Anyway, the stream's not even over yet. So I don't know why i'm telling you this yet, but it is time for encircled
Let's send it down there. You're supposed to be down there jan
Oh, she's she's leaving now. Okay
I just think soda's better without ice. I just think you should be dead music is bad and it's bad for you
What a soccer on the door means a crime is happening. Okay, but I don't really get where I am
Why hello everybody
Just one second. Let me change really quick
Apparently I wore the wrong thing because nobody told me
That I was supposed to wear something else
So not my fault at all actually
Doot-doot-doot-doot-do okay
Okay
There we go
Boom
I look disturbingly beautiful. That is the only way I will accept being called
My looks being commented on is if it's troubling
Anyway, I'm supposed to talk today apparently to 30 people that for some fucked up reason want to work at this place
Um, and that's if you want to die on that hill you can
But my claim actually
Is I don't have one
And I don't need one
Sorry
I'm ready
I disagree
Oh, I should also mention, um
You can type exclamation point cc to send a counter claim
I guess I was supposed to say that and you can type exclamation point rf to vote out my opponent
Who it doesn't I'm assuming have a good point while I disagree that you don't have a point
I think um
I feel like you've got a whole attitude that you're bringing to the table that I don't appreciate
What do you mean I feel like you don't really respect the job
I feel like you sort of aggressively say you don't know what you're doing
And look, I'm just looking for experience in this industry and I'm willing to work hard. Well, but you're also really annoying
Okay, well, you haven't met me. Yeah, but you came on a like a debate show
To come after someone else in their job
You know is that like
Because this industry is kind of about actually making connections actually is the thing
And it feels like you're kind of like not getting it on a basic level
Wait, how are you getting it because you're rude to everybody but think about how rude what you're saying is
I was actually just sitting here
Kind of being really chill
Well, but this is a debate show. I feel like I had to bring a certain energy and that's where you're wrong
That's where you're not getting it. It seems like you're really not getting it
Well, no, I look I'm not saying you're a bad, but I just saying it doesn't seem like you take the job that seriously
My name is bug Stevens. Okay. Well, that's a really stupid name
Hold you've been voted out by the group. What? Oh
Oh, shoot. Okay. I didn't have very long though. Is there any tip? Oh, you got a little extra
Seems like you can
Seems like that's a hard pass from everybody. I'm a lot thinner than that. That's a not a flattering angle
Okay, who's next who else
Whatever
Who's doing more stuff? Oh goody
You couldn't even finish your song actually
I think I did
It wasn't mixed
Um, if there's a song
Where is it?
I don't know. I don't handle the business side of things
I actually just sang a song
Honestly for free
So that's weird to bring up
well
I just sang if you can't see a song through how are you gonna see through
Intern
What
If you can't even see a song through
How are you gonna see through intern?
Why are you saying it like that?
Is that not the right term you do intern?
Are you gonna see through an internship?
Uh, yeah, wait, do you sorry is english the second language? No
And that's rude to assume. How is that rude to assume? I think it was polite to ask actually
Why would it be rude if it was a second language? Um, well, it's not
Actually, uh, I'm quite
Well-spoken actually so that's a little rude
Are you saying that if it was a second language it'd be like lesser or something? Look
Um
Okay, can you stop talking over me? I'm actually really politely listening
Okay
Okay
Okay, but do you have anything to say?
I'm just saying you should honestly none of you should even want this job. It's not that good of a job
It's it's an internship
It's literally hold. Uh, you've been voted out by the group
Me or her
Was it me or her?
Uh, was it her?
Was it her? That's why I'm being released into the
Okay, I don't even know how much time we have left because this clock is fucked up. I don't even know what that says
I think it's five minutes. I don't know
Get your clock fix
This is crazy. Now it's just 20 minutes. I don't get how this works at all
Anyway, who's next to what's on this?
You're disturbing beauty is so distracting. Can I maybe get your number?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Oh man, it's case. Yes
I'm case from the version where his eyes are mouth and his eye is forehead
I'm one of his many multiple versions
Anyway
You're disturbing you're trying to hit on case
You're trying to hit on me
I am case
Case that's what you're my boss. I'm from a version of reality where my my intern has three mouth
Two of which are I and I for forehead
So could I get those number?
Are you English is the second language? Okay, not is weird that you keep asking that
I'm from dimension where this how we talk actually
Okay, how do these guys get here? I don't get how case has these connections to get interdimensional guys
And also do you want to be an intern or isn't that the whole thing?
Can I get that number?
Hold you've been voted out by the group
Oh goody in what in my dimension get voted out means that you actually get to eat a bunch of
So far I don't feel like any of these people have like wanted to be an intern
And that's why I didn't even really feel the need to have a point
Because
Like what are we even doing honestly like what are we even doing?
Hmm. Here's the deal your face is too smooth. Hmm. What about it?
um
Well, I haven't found that it affects my job actually
Yeah, but
I
What I bet because all the work probably slides off it if you think about it
What
Yeah, we're probably you're not gonna any work there as an injury just all because honestly if you think about it
Probably the little work slides off that that's shimmy with the face of yours
I'm not gonna pull punches today
um
Look, I just I don't like this job that much. Yeah, and it really isn't showing on your face, which is really honestly surprisingly
Like immaculate. Can I get your number? Oh my god
Hold you've been voted out by the group
Which one of us was it her because I do you like I won I won
I'm getting a slide victory
This slide
I really don't like the wide
This is not how I look
It's fucked up
It's fucked up. That's what they're showing
Okay, who's next honestly is anybody gonna even try we clean up after papito win more frequently
Let me follow. Let me follow that, but
What we clean up
We intern we better
Oh my god, can we just get a person we intern better than you
We do it
Give me intern
You could honestly any of you could have it. I this job is not precious to me
We want
Give it now
I don't think it's my call like I don't think I can just
I look I just got essentially assigned here by like a college advisor
Okay, and it's very unclear what I'm supposed to be doing
Why am I even doing this?
Yes, give us
What do you want intern? I do with we are that better at
Oh my gosh
This guy's kind of cool
Oh
We go
You're asking we go
Wow, this guy's very forward
Done
I take we get it
Okay, now you're being a little too forward
Yes, yes you give it
All right, never mind. I lost interest
Oh
Yeah
You failed
What you fail
Don't talk over me. I'm not stop it. We need to be reasonable if we're both going to make a point
We have to take turns talking we take turn
Please yes
Hold you've been voted out by the group
Hmm good, I don't even
I really hope that timer is working on some level because I
Have no idea if it is
Okay
Who else I still I still don't have a point and I don't think any of you do
Hmm
What
Why just why
What
What I I'm never thought of it that way. What do you mean? I just asked why
Hold you've been voted out by the group
You changed my life today. I don't feel very I feel a little sick
From every from talking to these I feel you're all making me feel sick
It's and bad
No reaction. Okay
That's fine, I guess
You can all continue to just be this way. I guess that's a choice too
Um, okay. Um, who's uh, who else? Oh good
Jen, would you like to join a chat with me Whitney Houston and Marilyn Monroe?
Um, you seem like actually kind of chill compared everybody else. Yeah, not a weird check
Hey look
Okay, I'll be sorry. I should have it's a sec. It is sex. It's a sex chat group
Okay, well, I don't feel like I know you that well, so that's fair
Many of you like to join
We're talking about we're sexed each other talking about I don't know
Well, what have that manhole shot up?
Fallacies a new dress was going up from the fallacies shooting up from the manhole, marilin
That's an example of the types of chats that Whitney says
What no Whitney in response to the marilin in response to that night's
Um, well, I guess I would be doing more than holding my dress down in that case
That's the types of chats that that marilin says now the types of chats that I send I'm all like
You two gals better take it easy
See my thing is I like to is I like to get bothered when they get too nasty with the way that they talk about
About it. Those are the types of sex chats and you'll be joining you know
You need to bring a fourth type of energy to it because they're two rebalged gals. Okay
What?
So anyway
You better you passed you already passed
so my second point is um
You can you can forex your productivity with gemini google
And I don't are you using that because if you're not I think I could be better in turn than you
That you also had that point that was
You came to tell me both things. Look first was the invite. I come in peace join my sex chat
And the second point is I could be a better intern than you
You know, are you using AI to forex your productivity?
It's a very question
How much time do we have left?
I am not answering me. You're not responding to the argument. I know how to use a fucking chat bot
Oh
You've been voted out by the group
Darling, I like that voice
Miss would you like to join my sex chat?
Is the type of thing I might say to sliding down the queue? I wish I could tell if
This timer was counting down. You know what there might be a way for me to
There might be a way
Let's just double check if it is because if it's not we will literally be here all night. Um
Okay, okay
Um, shoot. Why does it look?
One second everybody. I'm doing I'm literally showing why I'm so essential to this whole thing as we speak
By, um, by checking all of this out right now
There it is
um
What the okay
I'm just gonna start this next one and we'll see if it does anything
No, no way
What do you what do you even do? You're the same guy. No, I'm his brother
I'm his brother
The timer's not working and whose fault is that you're claiming you're a different guy. I am a ds brother
What do you even do?
I like literally whatever
That's not that's literally what an intern does
Is do whatever
Just kill it. You're the last one. What? Oh, so you make decisions today. I am you're the last one. What?
Wow
You think an intern should be making those guys in decisions really?
Because actually did you know you could forex your productivity but with the chatbot clod it's not as good for coding
It's also good for chatting
Okay pause that's time the timer was working. What? Yes. I fixed it actually. Oh, but I fixed the timer
Why would it work like that?
I guess it's good to know the timer works
Well, I think I won
I think that proves that I win again
Sorry everybody
Jan back on top. Oh, jeez that was
I didn't like that. I didn't like that at all
I'm gonna send it back to case to say goodbye to everybody and I'm gonna try to forget that this happened
I'm gonna try to not remember this
It's sort of my call. Okay
That'll do it everyone bad job
Bad job everybody. Bye everyone. Happy holidays
Like I said, we're improving the stream
every day
Uh, okay
Yeah, we say goodbye a lot on the stream while then continuing the stream
I should really tell those other uh producers to not do that. Sorry other
people
Those other stream people
I am the stream person
your dog
Gotcha
Wait, you mean it I got it right got his ass chat happy holidays
Okay
I do feel got I don't know why
We're gonna send it over to
Looks like Danny plots is on
We're gonna plot you over to the Danny
Happy holidays everybody. I hope you're having a good one. I hope you have a lovely. I hope you have some days off
I know not every job gets the holidays off, but hopefully you don't have to fucking work
Um, I might be back on Friday
Uh, honestly, I feel like I owe it
to this insane
community
for gifting me
More subs than I deserve 1000%
But I deserve them all and I expected them and you achieved
to my expectations chat
Well, I was actually surprised but you know and I was lightly amused
What?
Um, yeah, fine. Merry Christmas everyone. He did it his heart shrink to this size
Yes, we we achieved a Christmas miracle
Da boo da ho da boo ba bo Christmas
the piss
That's beautiful. Peter. Thank you
Okay, we're gonna raid Danny
Happy holidays everyone. Thank you all so much for the support
We hope you have from all of from every dog on the planet
I am the god of we wish you a happiest of new time
It's you said that really well. Thank you
Happy holidays. I am a dog
And goodbye
I'm sending them away now case. It's still counting down. They're all already gone. Well in eight seconds
Actually case it's in three seconds
Now it is
Correct
Thank you for saying I'm correct. You almost no one on the stream does that
I have to be fair. I don't
ever know what I'm saying
because I'm a dog
God pissed us off. That is a beautiful way to end this
God pissed us off. Bye. Bye everybody. I'd really prefer if we didn't end it that way