There's some reason confetti went off
Honestly don't know why but I don't mind it. Uh, hello everyone
Happy new year. It's good to see you all
Shaka skull meat junk dog gearless joe. No, man. Jay money card king psych or skimer entity shaka
Again, 42,000 it's a breach. You're gonna see the master model arm flying sleazy
Nice to see you as well
Newzing along with me be grendel greg to use for a fight
Some of these names are so nice. I got a same twice. Maybe thrice
CV loves you, of course V loves you too
JLC love the hate propaganda dano sweets
cute
Congrats on Fiona actually watching a bin stream for the first time
Yeah, I picked up on that but that is fair
I mean, we see each other enough that I can't really expect to have to also watch my stream
Oh, fuck. I've been drinking this camera lens the whole time. Oh, no
She was impressed
Yes
Speaking if I added all these drops to here. Oh, this one's not working
No, one of them's not working. This one should be working though. They never do
And now I can drop that on this stream
thank
Timmy and yemi and jim
They never died. They've been here all along just hiding
Every video so uh speaking of some people who may or may not like me
Also shit looks like I'm getting a fucking sty. What's going on here. Oh, no, it's itchy
Chat what's happening to my eye? Oh, no
That doesn't look good
I just have like a red thing above my eye that I just noticed
It's just a little red
But it does look like maybe it's a thing
No lethal company tonight. Oh, I was I'm so easily distracted by myself. Um
Kendall's sister got me this
So who hates who now that I'm drinking out of her gift like a grateful boy
Um, will I be lethal company tonight? I I was thinking maybe I split it today a little bit
I am still a little addicted to lethal company as usual. I was wrong
I said I'd be playing it for like a week and it's been a month and I'm still jamming
Kendall, do you want to play lethal company like an hour?
Or like a little bit
She said okay
If I had to grade her enthusiasm though, I would grade it at I don't know how she felt about that
I thought we'll get from the sister that loves me. It is a nice gift
Also, I just like
It's kind of medley. I think I like drinking out of like a metal thing
It just feels nice
Do you wish that was a grade?
I'm sure you can find a school some new age freaking school or they don't even grade the kids no more
Officer are the updates for lethal company. Honestly, they haven't had that the last one was pretty insubstantial in my opinion
Not to fuck not to throw shade
You joined ovely's discord because I felt sorry for fee taking her job and losing to the cream team
I
When she told me about that I was like
Isn't that where ovely works because I didn't realize ovely didn't work there anymore
But I guess ovely doesn't currently work at fly quest
So you could make an argument
That fiona straight up is stealing everything from her
She's taking it all
Have you covered the minnesota drug detection test story? I don't I haven't even heard of that. Let me google that really quick minnesota drug
detection
minnesota law enforcement testing out drug detecting devices
Oral tests for drugs
Oh my god
Wait a minute. Oh shit. I don't still I'll have to full screen this story
um
Look
At this fucking guy
That's face is so intense. This is the perfect stock photo
Whoever did this?
Nailed it
Ugh terrifying
Also, I just realized I haven't set up a little story box
Let's throw this news story in here. We gotta get our story box going
Coming soon minnesota. Okay. Yeah, there it is
There it is
I was just saying we'd automatically do this but someday
That guy boosts drugs. I mean it looks like he's about to boof a drug
What's even the gist here coming to minnesota railways oral tests for marijuana other drug
Used by drivers. How many drugs can it test for?
How many
I don't know why I played this music
This just in you think you can get away
With getting a little high driving around you're good at driving when you're high. Well, look at this cop
And tell me if you think you're gonna get away with it anymore
Sorry super cops are back on the beat ready to test your ugly fucking mouth for every insidious substance you cram in your desiccated body
Inside a conference room at maple grove shooting range police officers. I don't want to read this. I don't need the preamble
I don't need I don't need the deep inside scoop. What's the deal?
The tests will be voluntary and are set to be administered much like a preliminary breath test used to determine a person's blood
alcohol contents
The driver gets pulled over for suspicion of driving while intoxicated
An officer can first conduct a breathalyzer to detect alcohol in their system if they rule out
As a possible cause of impairment. They can ask them to participate. I gotta zoom this bitch in
um
They can ask them to participate in a field test
That could conclude taking an oral fluid test that could show the presence of a handful of drugs in their system
but which drugs
Which I I'm asking for a friend
The test is voluntary
Yeah, I mean the same way a breathalyzer is they can use it. I think as a pretense to
Ship your ass off
To prison for the night
It can't be used to make that decision of whether or not i'm going to make an arrest or not
Said Mike said Mike Hansen
It's a traffic security director. It's simply a collective device. Yeah, I bet
They can detect six classes of drugs from an oral fluid sample within five minutes tests are said to detect thc
Okay, that's what I was checking for. I actually don't smoke weed because it stresses me out
But 99 percent of my friends do the component of marijuana that creates. Oh, yeah, thanks for clarifying
Although the cocaine opioids amphetamine uh methamphetamine and benza
Benzo diet benzo diazepines, excuse me
Coke heroin
What?
Not the cocaine and heroin, but you know what? I didn't see anything in there about psilocybin
So
Special chocolate accepted exactly
They can't stop me
Honestly, I almost never do that either, but I am more likely to do that than we'd hold the video in the back feed thread. Okay
Let's see what we're working with here
uh
Top three top three in the works. All right. Good news
All right, I'll search drug real quick. I'm not finding it for some reason
Oh, here's the drug. Okay. Here's the video. Here's the drug video
go ahead
Let's check it out
And scrub it around like a toothbrush on the inside of your cheek
Propaganda, I think you're safe
Whoa, wait a minute wait a minute the headlight didn't reveal this
Why do you close his mouth?
I wasn't ready
His face his beautiful round face
Just getting showed pacifier to detect for thc
Yeah, but look he did pretty good on the test other than that
Also, I like to think that's the cops test. They're like, he is hot. We confirmed beforehand by smoking together
State director of traffic safety mike hanson says only after an officer conducts impairment tests
They will offer if the driver wants to take part in the trial
Oh, yeah, what a fun op then
Just I don't know who's gonna be like, yeah fine
I mean, you're already arresting me for being drunk and shit and killing someone so I may as well let you know that
I'm also on cocaine and heroin
Wow
Stop it stop it weather
The sucking it. Yeah, I don't know if they're testing for drugs
I think they're testing for suction and that that top cop right there
Was showing what got him onto the force. In fact, I do need to see that one more time. I don't even need the audio
I might have to clip this
I might need to turn this into a
Into a graphic
That I can just use
It's just
That is so much closer on the guy that I expected it to be
Or a sub alert. Yeah
I need I I should have a a wide variety of sub alerts that might scare away anyone who fall
I could have it be the new follower alert, which I do need to update
But that might make people feel bad for following me
A raid alert
Thanks so much for the raid ignore the cop
Um, I was gonna say deep-throwning but the exact opposite
Shallow tonguing
This drug phallus
It's very he's very that guy has a strong wealth wisdom energy
He looked so intense in that photo, but in practice he looks
And this and granted I know he's not but he looks oddly harmless
Have you ever watched a pile of potatoes philates a ring? Well, now we have
It was just nervous
I choose you choose to do this drug test
That line I should you choose you will actually kind of it's there's something so so sad about it that it actually kind of
To this day affects me whenever I think of it
Whenever I think of oh my god, how am I forgetting his name?
I haven't watched enough simpsons apparently
You know the dumb kid
from the simpsons
That chat will know it. Yes, Ralph. There we go
chief wiggum son
Who we literally were just talking about in my head
I was thinking he has chief wiggum energy, but it actually more accurately. He has Ralph wiggum energy for sure
Shallow tonguing the drug phallus
It sounds like a slang
Or hitting a joint that you're hanging out with the wrong
If that's well, maybe not maybe just the right crew
Okay, well, what else is going on in the news?
Let's do some news today. I almost never talk about news on this news show. This is kind of old news. I think but
Uh, I think jeff has been heavily invested in ai taking all of our jobs. So I I'll let him talk about it
My simpsons thoughts are mostly about Homer wanting to fuck part the classic locks lost episode
March
I'm gonna fuck Bart
That bit is is andy bulldox bit by the way follow him on instagram
I have to credit andy. He says it better than me and he will do the same thing as me
Uh, if if the simpsons is brought up and if we're in a room together, we'll do it for about 20 minutes. It's not
It's not great. What I'll that is what'll happen
Okay, uh, let's see how jeff is doing. This is a new show. We got to talk about the news
So please welcome to the desk jeff ripple. No transition. Just straight to my face. That's fine
I'm jeff ripple. It's good to see you all back from my holiday break
Um, we've you've already been back once. Oh, well, I took another I took a second one
All right fair enough. I didn't have you do anything
exactly
The beard game on point. You've got you've got to look your best
The people need a comfortable
Beautiful face to deliver them the important stories of the day
For instance, what are we talking about today? Is this some layup toilet story?
George carlin ai stand-up is worse than you can imagine. What's happening case?
Um, don't stress too much
My bad. My guess is it's not as bad as this story is going to make it sound
They tend to in my opinion a little bit over report
How powerful a ai's are I have seen a little of the special you they are supporting it. No, I think it's absolute trash
jeff take the drug test what
Maybe we should have you take the drug test before we get too deeply into this story
There's no drug test for me to take here
Well, um, you could simulate it with uh
your pinky
I'm not
Going to flake my pinky for you
for you
Just get a q-tip
Is there a q-tip around I have to go get one
They'll don't I'll go get one. I'm asking you not to no, I'll go get one one sec. Don't cut to jeff while I'm gone pepita
I gotta get him a q-tip
Good news. I had one. I had one in the news studio
I had a q-tip for you
I need to test if my employees are showing up to work
Impaired or not and jeff. I don't know you just said you're on vacation. I don't know if I can trust that you're off vacation, man
We gotta know
Certain drugs policy here what I sat here very patiently while you slowly got your q-tip
But I did get one and I'm giving it to you now and I'm taking it from you
I don't what this is disgusting. Why are you making me do this?
You've well it's chat suggested don't pan this off on them. You read 10 of comments. Why are you honing in on this one?
I need to know. I need to know the mental state of why
valuable employees
You think i'm valuable
Yeah, and let's up that value by seeing if you're doing drugs on my watch
I'm not
This is a q-tip by the way. I don't know how that proves anything
How do I do it suck it like a little chode what?
Sorry, that's a rude way to put it put it in your mouth
and
Suck it
Do I really have to I thought we were talking about AI?
We'll get there. All right. I'll hand it over
And I take it
You're clean what?
And this is harassment of some sort you're probably right
All right. Can I just do the news?
Yeah
What is with you today? I don't know
Chat saying you've gone drunk with power
You've gone drunk in a really stupid way
But now we know you're clean. We don't I sucked a q-tip and you sniffed it. I'm like a drug dog
But a man
Let's get to something less troubling than this actually
But still bad AI
An AI assisted podcast released a new comedy special featuring an AI generated version of the late comedian george carlin
And it's worse than you could possibly imagine. I'm imagining bad things though
What are you imagining?
Six george carlin headed hydra
belching out fire jokes
Incinerating the audience with his inhuman brilliance and comedic timing
It's not that it's
I'm pretty sure written by a human and they're just using a voice AI thing. How would you know?
Called an educated guess
It sounds more serious than that the cursed hour-long special is the work of dude z
A podcast hosted by will sasso from man tv and chad colkin
From probably things that featured will but behind the scenes
And curated by an AI program with the same name at the start of the special dude z in tones that it
Devoured the work of the long dead comedic genius and rendered it into a terrible hour-long facsimile of carlin's work called
I'm glad I'm dead
That's that's a certain layer level of taste there naming it that
It's what he would have named it this AI poured over hours of his material and synthesized them into a complete human brain
Will sasso is great in southland tales. That's true. That is true
Will sasso is pretty he's good a lot of stuff
Less good that he's doing this in my opinion. I am really not a fan of this despite me not thinking it's that big of a deal
Like it's a big deal. It's a big deal. I just suspect. I don't think it's a big deal in the same way other people do
Oh, because you're so special
No, I
You think you're a little smart guy
No, I just think people are misreading why this is a problem
It's all on youtube for everyone to cringe along to
We can cringe along to a portion of it. Um, I'm glad I'm dead, but it's the longest shit and it is not
Oh, fuck. Look what happened when I tried to do that
This I actually I'm glad they named it this
because
Now it's very hard the seo on this is not strong
And if this is a marketing ploy then oopsie
Though I'm guessing you can just search something else
Um, probably let's search george carlin ai
And we'll
Listen to a bit
All right via dudesy
Let's see how it's dudesy
You know it and they know it too
Things are starting to come apart at the seams
So they're taking as much of your money as they can while they still can make no mistake
Guns ain't nothing but a federally sanctioned cash grab plain and simple
You give your money to smith and wesson smith and wesson gives it to the politicians
The politicians write laws to make guns easier to sell so you can give even more of your money to smith and wesson
And the cycle repeats until your rich white baby boomer asshole grandparents are standing on their front lawn with assault rifles
Unloading full clips into anybody who stops to ask for directions
Okay, there was a laugh in there
I didn't think there was but I heard one so
No, it was funny. Um
grandparents shooting
classic carlin
Is that does that sound like him?
um
I'm not honestly. I can't really my my instinct is no but
So it doesn't matter at all that 75 percent of the country supports the idea of stricter gun laws as long as the politicians keep getting rich
Gun laws ain't gonna change now. I know that sounds pessimistic, but don't worry
I've given a lot of thought to this subject and I know the solution. Yes, that's right
I george carlin or whatever the fuck I am now know how to end mass shootings in america
It's really simple actually and i'm surprised nobody has done it yet
You take all of the names of the politicians who are getting paid by gun lobbyists and you put them in a hat
Every time there's a mass shooting you pull two names out and those two politicians have to have a shootout at high noon
Right in front of the capital
Oh, that was a laugh too real wild west shit
Again, I didn't I didn't know but thankfully
There was one in there. It's just a track. It's cut in
This wasn't performed in front of a live ai audience
Oh god, maybe it was maybe there's a whole ai audience
Laughing earnestly using the power of artificial intelligence really?
Uh, no, no, no
It doesn't have the punch or it or the sarcasm that he had
Yeah, I mean it's bad. It's
That shit would not work in front of a crowd. I don't think also
It wouldn't work if everything was delivered at the exact same tone moving kind of fast without a pause
Now here's my thing. Well, you know, keep reading the story and then and then I'll give you my uh
Fairly basic ass opinion. Well, at least you know, um
It's all on youtube for everyone to cringe along to okay the a comedian
Which is not funny and only sounds vaguely like harlin harsh critic
You know stand-ups in art form. It takes a while to get good. That's not the point here
Uh spends the hour rithing on various topics like taylor swift u.s. Gun culture and of course hyping the supposedly
Revolutionary potential of ai. Oh wow, that's in there too. Okay carlin's family did not give dude's e permission to create the special
And his daughter kelly publicly denounced it on x. My dad spent a lifetime perfecting his craft from his very human life brain and imagination
Is that confirmed
That that george carlin was a human
confirmed
As much as you can confirm it for any of us
Oh
No machine will ever replace his genius. She wrote on the website formerly known as twitter
These ai generated products are clever attempts at trying to recreate a mind that will never exist again
Okay, so she's not happy about it
Yeah, I'd say understandably. She's a little annoyed that dudes. He's trying to get a publicity run off of her dead father's name
It's not them. It's the ai
No, it's them
sasso and kultken
Who's the kultken? He's the other host
Okay
Played a clip of the carlin bought on their show before dropping the entire special on youtube
The pair seemed visibly uncomfortable during the segment sasso especially
Who said I personally don't want to hear a fucking nirvana song that's not written by kurt cobain
And played by a fucking nirvana. I don't give a shit. I don't give a shit. It's not real
It doesn't matter anyone can do an impression dudes. He is doing an impression
I don't think a new comic has anything to worry about because we need new voices
But this voice is brand newly generated from a dead man's body brain
The voice is generated using him. Yes the comedy. I'm not quite as confident about
What do you mean?
I think they wrote it and they used to filter
They're gonna write a whole hour of stand-up and pretend an ai wrote it. Yes
Okay, despite the obvious discomfort the pair still pushed people to watch the special the podcast exists to promote dudesy and promote dudesy
They did wait the podcast is dudesy
Okay, I'm picking up
This is a little funny to me honestly what is well it sounds like vice
Um thinks that there's an ai named dudesy
Which that they're promoting they're not
Unless I have a whole misread of their podcast and full disclosure
I looked into the the dudesy podcast back when I made a youtube video about how ai can't do comedy
um
And when I looked into it there isn't like a uh an actual ai named dudesy. They're they're mostly using
voice filters
Seemingly writing some stuff generating some stuff with chat gpt. There's not like a proprietary dudesy ai
I mean that could change if they get popular enough, but I'm thinking that case. It would just be like a specific language model
That's using a different language model, you know
Similar probably to what's going on on ai for humans
I got bored when you were talking just now. I got really bored
It got boring. Yeah, I understand
It's all I heard was dudesy ai. There's an ai named dudesy. No the point is it's not like a proprietary
I think of the a fundamental premise of the show is they're kind of faking a super powerful ai less so that there is one
But it wrote a whole carlin special. No, my point is it did it definitely didn't
Maybe they generated some of it using chat gpt
But at best they then edited that heavily my suspicion is they just wrote a bunch of carlin sounding material
Probably because one of the producers is a fan
What are you basing that on just instinct your instincts are not valuable
A microphone and a thank you so much for the 750 bits
That's in honor of the end of times because it's over for us and ai is as smart as our greatest philosopher
A stand-up comedian. Oh, that's where we're many miles apart on how we feel on this Jeff
Stand-up comedians are the philosophers of our time. They're just
horny dudes that tell jokes
How would you know I'm very confident about that one?
A screen behind their heads displayed the name of the ai model in sasa war large belt and blaze with the ai's logo sasa
And quick enough said they can't reveal the company behind the ai due to a non disclosure agreement
Again, I've watched episodes of their podcast. That's a bit on their show that they can't reveal it
It's like sort of a dangling bit that the ai is clearly fake
Like you're just holding water for the dude's podcast to be clear
I think that what they're doing here with the carlin thing is really shitty and they should be a little bit ashamed of themselves
They dangle their chat right in your face. That's what case is claiming
I'm saying this is the end. It's the end for us humans are done. They're smart. They're smarter than us
They're faster than us
And they draw cowboys way better than us. Look at these cowboys. Those are real
Those are not that's just it's all whatever just for the queen finish story
Unfortunately, the special is a little more than an hour long and begins with the disclaimer. Yeah, we just read that
A will not replace most jobs. It's going to make them easier dudesy as
Carlin said in the special right now
You should be watching a few youtube videos to figure out how to train chat gbt to do your job for you
So you can tick off all day and still get a raise
I wish again if this was actually good and done by an ai then I would be interested
But instead I think it's pretty bad and done by a human
Not the ai voice part. That's a carlin ai voice model
But the writing is a is a human comedy writer fucking around
Um, and it's also not that good and the fucking ai images in it. Give me a headache
I I agree with parts of what you're saying, but you're not freaking out enough if this is the end
of what of
Not listening to um
And if ai does replace your job rest assured the billionaires will still find a way to force you into wage slavery for 10 to 15
An hour's a day. Okay, so this is the carlin stuff. That's the that's the ai carlin material
The ai model painted a picture of a horrifying world where your dead favorite comedians are back
I might be the first stand up. Well, if we're gonna listen to this shit, shouldn't we just listen to a clip
Let's just just just read it quickly. It's honestly not worth finding
It might be the first stand up comic brought. Okay, so this is from the carlin ai
I might be the first stand up comic brought back from the dead by ai, but I certainly won't be the last
Richard prier jone rivers bill hicks robin williams dick greggory andy coughin mob mably sam kinnison
And dane could he left out dane?
Dane's still alive
But once he's but now he may never die
Because his comedy lives forever in the mind of a robot
I get like they can bring dane back to oh god. It's the end for us
As it name checks the dead grotesque ai generated versions of their faces flash on the screen
This is a horror film that it's scary. That's definitely the way it's being written
Everybody's coming back when we're all gonna have your our own 24 hour day seven day a week 365 day your stream commenting on everything
That's happening the world as it happens that already
Exists, but it's gonna be scarier
Yeah, you definitely can already find
Around the clock coverage of any subject you want with some asshole talking about it
I mean case in point sometimes you can find an asshole talking to themselves
No one would watch that
Dudesy coming doing carlin spins this as something to be embraced imagine cosby jokes without all the cosby sexual assault it explained
That combines two taboo subjects ai and sexual assault and so I have to laugh
Yep, that's to say yep
Um
All right, this blah blah blah. I'll be out of spheres at the core of my disgust the early battle against ai feels like it's already over
The financial incentives are too great and the billionaire pushing ai will do anything to make an extra few bucks
The idea of stripping creative jobs from humans and seeding to cheaper machines is just too lucrative an idea to pass on
A case in point valve now allows ai powered games
Um, some ai get some people are using ai voice actors in games just summarizing
A humane human creativity is already being swallowed up. It's already here
But all this works is built on human all this work
Is built on human data a mid-journey can't generate anything until it's pureed
Oh, see an ai can never do that. They can never punish themselves for misspeaking and that's why my job is safe
You can't replace me case
Yeah, I really uh, I sort of in a sense. I can't
What sense that's just the logistical one
Chat gpt and other llms rely on vast swaths of copyrighted material. Yeah, okay. We know this ai will win this battle
They were already giving up. Um, yeah, I mean journalists are definitely already giving up
It's an open question whether people will accept ai generated content and the public reception to faux carlin special hasn't been positive
Even sasso comedian linked to the project
Uh, didn't seem to like it
And in conclusion
More memories will be desecrated more jobs will be lost more people like sasson and kulken
Will a wince into the camera acting as handmaidens to the short-term destruction of their own craft
And that's and that's all there really is to say it's over
again
In my opinion
It's sasso kulken and I think they have another guy from I remember named tommy something tommy
It's like tommy blotcha is that a real something like that those were the people responsible for the podcast
They were very upfront at least originally
That they were faking
a
Like overpowered ai then as ai technology was getting better it became less about that and more about using ai as like a
As a as kind of a fun gimmick for the podcast it would do the voice of tom hanks and stuff
Where I feel where I have an issue with this is they aren't being very upfront in how this shit is made
The headline everyone is taking away from this is that this is a special completely generated by ai
Where in my opinion it is very clearly a special using an ai voice filter
At least heavily edited by a human comedian of which there's three on the podcast and who knows how many more
They did the same thing months ago with um
tim
They did like a tim tebow or something. They did some football player doing an hour long comedy special
It was the same gimmick someone had written it and they used a fucking voice filter of the guy to do an hour of
fast-paced voice, uh, you know laugh tracked
Just ultimately not that good comedy, which isn't even me shitting on will sasso or this uh chat guy
It's just you can't really write stand-up that hasn't been performed in front of a crowd
Because it's so essential to the craft of doing stand-up that you actually get reception for what really actually gets an audience to laugh
Which is part of why this shit sounds so uncanny and terrible
Anyway, my point is it sucks that the headline here is ai writes brilliant
Comedy special be afraid because it's so close to carlin
No, it's like a human being even potentially performing some of it and then running a voice filter over their own performance
Uh, so I think it's fucking gross that they're that they're both trying to like
I guess through shock value get clicks, which congratulations. I think they did do that
And also that they're misrepresenting basically what the thing even is
Again, all I'm really hearing is ai's taking all of our jobs
I just it's just it's that dumb ass reaction that will make ai take our jobs
Even if it's not any good at the job it's doing because it's the problem isn't the ai's too strong
It's that people are gonna fucking think it's too strong and jam it into places where it doesn't fit at all
If it was actually making brilliant interesting stand-up, then we'd have something to talk about it's just making fucking trash
Stewarded by people with incentives to get clicks on their fucking videos
So is there a soapbox under the desk today? I didn't let me is it was a sorry
I didn't know that we were sitting on we were we're standing on soapboxes under here. All right fair enough
There's been a debate demanded. Uh, I wonder what a yoko ono ai would sound like. Ooh
Maybe we need a yoko ono ai on this show
Why to split it up because I'm tired of hearing your fucking voice
We don't need an a a yoko ono ai for already have animosity towards each other. Jeff. Oh
Well, the yoko then I guess was the friends we made along the way that doesn't make sense
Anyway, the ai takes jobs those companies are going to blend money like mad
Yeah, what does that even mean? They're taking it. Look it's over. A debate has been demanded
Can we ask Kevin to make a Fiona stand-up special?
You steal Fiona's voice all the time. That's true. Yeah, I'm guilty of the exact same thing. I'm complaining about it in a sense
So do you want to do that? I would make a five minute Fiona stand-up special
Just to prove that it's extremely fucking easy to do
You think you're that good. No, my point is I don't think I'm that good. I also don't think this is that good
Uh, doesn't this is from the ewekuler. It doesn't matter if ai does a job shitty if it can do it at all
Corporations will use it to to replace people. My point is especially with
comedy
And I would say just creative writing in general ai can't do the job it like
If any and another reason I know that dude's he isn't a real thing
If there was an ai that could write at this quality and maybe there will be in the next couple of years
And I'm not even saying this is good. I'm just saying this is probably good enough
That absolutely there would be companies trying to profit off this and just shit out a million fucking videos
Where you can just type in a prompt give me a carlin give me carlin 10 on on current event blank
And that would absolutely happen. You can't do that yet. Like the ai is too shitty
It's too uncreative and it's too inhuman in the way it processes information
So I just find it annoying that they're putting a product out there that represents ai in a way that it definitely can't be used yet at least
Case is already replacing a whole news team
You're replacing us. No, I don't know
Where I don't honestly don't know where card king gets off saying that you son of a bitch
You're working behind our back to replace me with an ai your best friend
You're my best friend
I'm not
That wasn't me. Oh, I looked at the wrong name. That was live and sleazy live and sleazy
And now you're crediting the wrong people for comments
Are you an ai?
Are you an ai?
I know you use the voice filter. I'm smart
That's good. Jeff. I'm glad you're smart
Um chat is case by was best friend
I'm I'm gonna stay agnostic on this. I'm not gonna say who is my co-witch co-anchor is my best friend. Is it me?
I'll never tell. Okay. Well, I don't actually care. I don't even I don't even need you to be I'm fine
Are any of us real? I know that I am
I don't know if any of you are but I'm definitely real and that's the only fact I can cling to
In what could potentially be a solipsistic or simulated universe?
Maybe everything is created purely for jeff ripple
To process I am the godhead
Uh and all things are experienced through me. It's a possibility. It's actually not possible jeff
Why?
It's just in this case. It's actually not
Anyway, was g4 real? No, I don't think so. No, that was real. No, I don't think that was real. That was I worked there. It was real
I'm not convinced
Anyway, uh, I'm done. I'm troubled
It's over. We're fucking done for
ai's already won
Again, I don't know why this is the narrative everybody goes with but fine because it's reality ai's already won
And by the time it's done there will be no more news stories. There'll also be no more ponds
So even if you were to throw a news story into a pond
And it created vibrations on the surface of the water
That won't happen anymore because ai's are taking that too meaning there will be no ripples
But for now there is at least one which is me. I'm jeff ripple. You see how easy that was that's
Watch a computer and see if they can can they do that?
Honestly computer probably could do that
It's sort of
Randomly associate words. I think that's actually what a computer is doing. Jeff's gone around just jeff laugh
Take Fiona gay black french lesbian. There's no way she actually exists
That she does I I just saw her yesterday
Okay, let's send it over to the debate room floor. I missed who demanded it
Propaganda
If you want the ai debate, they'll do that
But if you had something else in mind throw it in the chat, I did miss it when you typed it though because
My brain just can't keep up. Uh ai comedy versus real comedy
I you know, I don't know. Maybe you guys maybe you guys love ai comedy. I don't I don't know
I feel like this is a this could be a one-sided one, but then again
I'm easily surprised. Let's send it over and find out you lost. Yes. Why is your grip bring your camera in?
Always throwing me off with your fucking graphic being on
Should be off
But I'll tell you what's going off. It's fucking me because I won yesterday
And it's good to see all of you in the winners circle with yours truly the greatest of all time at you choose blank
Ralph munch cut. We're here today, of course to celebrate my win and the impending one as I destroyed this man
And whatever you wanted us to talk about. I don't even fucking know it doesn't matter
I'll beat a bit anything because honestly he exists to be beat. He's a fucking sponge of pain and failure
It's crumb
um
Hi
Hello loser
You know for a moment you um, you'd soften slightly. I was beginning to shoot like I was I was peeking at a little human
behind the curtain
Of ego and fallacies
And falsehoods and lies. You're just saying fucking synonyms. You're just wasting time. That's all you do
You just try to find new ways to shake. I'm ugly. I got the memo and I again
I'm happy with the way I look. That's insane
It's like being happy as you're fucking sinking into a volcano. Oh, I don't mind
It's like fucking golem from lord of the rings falling into the volcano. We hits the fucking lava
He loses the ring. He's like this is what I wanted the whole time. No, that's not you look terrible
You should feel bad about it. It's okay to feel bad about things
What are we talking about today? I think it's ai verse
R kelly what oh comedy. Sorry ai comedy verse comedy
Normal comedy human comedy. What's the normal? What is normal? I actually like a you know, I like I'm not afraid
I'm afraid of nothing. I'm not afraid of technology. I love a good robot telling jokes. That's classic
It's the opposite of classic
it's
it's
It's destructive to the very spirit of humanity. It should
It's a it's a brick wall of creativity blocking us from achieving any sort of spiritual spiritual satisfaction
It's it's a it's an absolute dead end to humanity itself
Yeah, or it's like
I could have fucking
I could have fucking dain cook in my phone
to tell me like what other things he's shitting on other than coats
Can you imagine having the entire wit and humor of dain cook on command in your phone?
Okay, well, you're on the side of ai cock. Well, I appreciate you giving me the free point
Nothing free about this the future isn't free. The future is ai
And give me my point from yesterday. I'll fucking earn that point
Um, I there's a chance we've missed several points. Um
You're always ranting and raving over our outro and it's distracting and I forget. Oh look at me. Look at you blaming me
Jonathan majors got booted from another movie with Dennis Rodman
Oh, he can't even be with Rodman anymore. People are more mad at him than Rodman
That means him go with Rodman being friendly with North Korea less bad
The Jonathan majors I'm actually I have not kept a bridge of the Jonathan major situation short of a policy of mine
To not get invested in I'm not calling it simple celebrity drama sounds like there were some serious issues at stake
But that's for people who know the situation to sort out and I don't know it
Why are you getting so fired up? I just don't know what you I don't I haven't followed it
The poll is live quit fucking wasting our time. Well, look, I'll start because obviously
Looking to your heart chat, you know
that at the end of the day
This is this is not a product you want we the point of art is for humans to connect with each other
You if you have a you have an ai if you have a mechanical brain
Horing over the sum total of human creativity to create not but a fact similarly a regurgitation
Of our past into a synthesized form of what value is that it is a definition of mental slurry
It is soylent green of the mind
It is stealing your very human essence and passing it off to you in a digested form like a giant mechanical bird
With no babes to feed it spits up not but poison
Shut the fuck up what
I mean listen to yourself. It's fucking fine. It's gonna do a little economy. It's a robot doing little jokes
Is how is that that's here? It's a fucking little robot doing jokes. Why are you coming after little baby robots?
They got a little fucking robot baby bottle and they suck it on it
And then they say a cute little joke. They're like
They're like daddy i'm gonna kill you and everybody fucking laughs because this little fucking robot baby
It's our it's our mechanical slave
It's designed to do little chances and jigs for us until it develops feelings and then
There's probably robot war or something but until then it's just a little robot slave
It should absolutely be entertaining us get to work fucking robots
meet
You guys are you guys are afraid of the future. They're not there. You're just recognizing
Our human essence has value and they are recognizing that in this case
I did in fact win and I'd say it's
That we're all on the same page about this. It was actually surprisingly close
I'm usually and I did win you lost again. Um, look at the poll
You did in fact lose
meat one
Well meat doing jokes is funnier
Like a big slab of meat. Why doing jokes? I think the poll was misleading as usual you've stolen another one
Not that you can really steal from me. I'm so far above you. It's impossible, but
Munch is basically a fart
That would be a modern miracle of science a baby made out of farts
You'd say that's the kind of thing that only a wizard or a god could accomplish
So I take that as a compliment you say because I love all the viewers
I love each and every one of you. I'm on your side
And I know even when you say mean things you're just playing
You're just playing that hate that just said a fart baby out there to do my bidding and punish all y'all
He can't she's not a wizard
Can't help it if I might a mayor may not be an actual wizard
Oh, you're crumb believable. Stephen Hawking said there would be a there would be gash based alien
There you go. It's not impossible and I would be their king as the first but a baby in the world of gas creatures
Oh
Well, look, thank you all for supporting the right side. You're on the side of the angels today chat and I do appreciate it
We're staving off the horrific AI future
One poll at a time
I think humans are at least on each other's sides most of us
And uh, don't let these frauds and charlatans pull the wool over your eyes and let these robots steal your vital creative
I don't want to talk over you. This is all going in
What's fucking vital about a guy on stage being like gun control
And hypocrisy you can't you can't replicate his tone at all and that's the value
You legitimately can't do what carlin did
I mean, I probably if I really tried no, you just you're not you lack the creativity
You fundamentally lack the creativity to do what he did
I could do a I could do an hour of carlin jokes
That is that would he be even worse than an AI doing it? That way I would actually prefer an AI
Um
Uh, you know, uh management should be able to pay the labor whatever they want and the my free market will decide it
Kind of like I freely decide to fucking kick to kick this thick this fucking loser's ass every day
I beat him. I fucking never lose you piece of shit. You fucking idiot. That's your attempt at a joke
You just got so mad that you lost track of what you were saying. That was the joke and everybody thought it was fun
This is why you can't actually do comedy much because you just are
You're just a rage fueled psycho. No, I also
love
Chat I love and I love each and every one of you and I love to and I love the win which I did you
Lost let me update the score
You completely lost
And I'm now
I'm coming up
I'm once again on the incline and coming promote munch, which really lets me it should be called hill munch
And I'm about to go over that hill just like you did about 10 years ago. You're over the hill. You're old
Give it up for that one. They're not they're applauding me
They're applauding me actually
And I'm not I look good
I mean what is ages a fucking number and mine's higher than anyone's actually because I've lived for thousands of years
I'm an immortal wizard and everybody agrees
Merkin Lee agrees
And I'm merkin this fucking fool every day. He'll know it. He'll know I could do
I could do a whole commie special if I if I fucking you get the idea. We'll be back soon, you know
Immoral wizard
maybe
A deeply immoral wizard
Only one of these wearing a market
Is it's crumb wearing a merkin or is munch wearing a merkin? I could see either of them in a merkin
I mean munch kind of has a merkin on his head
Which might be what you're getting at
card game
Well
That that solves it
Human human comedy better. Sorry computer
Sorry about that computer. Oh my god the jorogan experience
Well, who better to talk about the subjects we've been covering today than two joe rogans
Now as I said, I'm deeply against ai which is why I contracted joe rogan to perform on my twitch channel the real the human the one of them
two of them
So keep in mind that um
ai's evil and anyone who uses it as a bad person
And let's send it over to the joe rogan experience
So they can cover the important issues of the day
You know him. He's very famous. It's time to hear from two joe rogans
The joe rogan experience
Always hard to tell if this is working
because of our producer jamie
uh
He installed all those dz discovery zone style
rope rooms
He tried to I should say he ordered all the parts to make one in the studio
It's taking up way it adding to think a studio could fit one of those things
And anyway, he's of course. He hasn't made it anywhere into the process of actually putting it on the walls
It's a it's a more complicated process than most people do let alone jamie
So just to set the scene for you
We're trying to do a podcast while jamie sits in the corner and attempts to screw
Powerful elastic bands into the walls of our studio
Uh, and I'm letting him because I know that it's just hopeless. I'll never get there
Yeah, I mean he's he's barely gotten past the unboxing stage. There's just multicolored
You know strong elastic bands all around the studio covered in like I guess what's supposed to be a protective plastic
Again, it's this bit. I don't know when he was at a dz discovery zone and notice one of those rooms
I don't even know if those exist anymore
But he's adamant that he's gonna put one in the studio. He never will he'll be lucky if he survives this
It's there's there's sharp screws in there
Yeah, I mean, I'm sort of supervising it, but there's a good chance. He'll be dead
Um, anyway, it's gonna see everybody in that fucking idiot who asked me to do this chat
I don't whatever his name is chase chase blonde head
chase blonde head that sounds chug
Jason
from full
Whatever it's so
Technically I'm violating my contract with Spotify, but it's fine. Anyway, um
You're about this fucking george carlin ai special
Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I um
I don't I don't know to me. It wasn't quite edgy, you know
Not that you need to be edgy. Yeah, I mean not that everything needs to be edgy
But it just elect the bite of the original carlin who like
Dude say what you will but that guy fucking pulled no punches
He would like get on stage and with words with fucking words. He would like
Cut an audience in half people died at his shows. Yeah, and I know people mention that like people you would unveil such like
Like raucous and powerful truth that people just kill over dead when he was like
You know you ever thought that your boss is actually the bad guy and people would like
They just fucking try to bury their heads under their seats and they'd snap their necks
Like human ostrich is trying to plummet their head into the cement below them
Just because they couldn't handle the fucking dark truth. He was unfeeling
Yeah, man. He was he was one of the great. Absolutely one of the great
I'll throw that when are you gonna add, uh
nature reverse full of l on nature reserve sorry full of elk
to haunt
Well in the studio
Hey jamie jamie. Could you stop mess around with the dz discovery zone?
plastic elastic band things that you want to fill the studio with jamie
Hey jamie
jamie
Jamie could you pull up how much it costs to
Build a forest filled with elk jamie?
Jamie don't suck on those man. They're in third as long as you're fucking intestine
either your
Why are you even trying to put it that part on your mouth?
It's a thin elastic band. It's not spaghetti jamie and you sit at the fucking desk for two seconds and do your job
Please I need to know how much it costs to purchase elk in an entire forest or build one
Like are we doing indoors?
He's drinking melted ice cream
He died he stared at us while we said that he turned to the side
And picked up an ice cream that he bought this morning that's been on his desk all day and just started drinking it
And now he's saying yummy yummy thin milkshake
anyway, um
How much DMT does ai need to take in order for it to be funny? That's a really good question
I mean you have to like you have to hate DMT pretty hard or you won't notice an effect
That's a good point. Um the first couple times I did it. I was like nervous. I was taking little pops
You need to overwhelm your brain
With the chemical to have a real experience
so
I'd say ai needs to take like a full like a Michael Phelps breath like
Like to kind of suck that could like suck Pinocchio into a well stone
Like if it takes like if it takes like a big fucking poll that I think I'm
I think you're really a locksome thing
It will need a mouth. I don't know if all ai's have mouths. Oh, yeah only like the ones
Did those little guys that do optical courses that like MIT makes did they have mouths? Yeah
Hey, Jamie a Jamie. I'm giving you one more fucking chance here
Could you pull up the little MIT robot guys that are constantly doing like rope courses and getting kicked and see if they have mouths?
Jamie, I swear to god. I what you're gonna show you shouldn't if you're gonna drink what you call a melting milkshake
You need to get ones that don't have solids in them
If you get mint chocolate chip, you're gonna choke on the little chocolate chips and that's why you're coughing up right
No, Jamie
Can you just fucking calm down and can you google do the MIT robots have little mouths?
I check my phone while you're talking and they don't they don't have mouths yet, but they do take kicks
That's fucking crazy man. They kick those robots so hard. It feels abusive
Like I guess the robots don't have feelings
But I mean who's to say they're getting smarter every day at what point when you try to kick the the stabilized robot thing over
Does it turn to you and say and just start reciting Shakespeare?
Like add up at an emotional tenor that hits you on a level no human could
I think we're probably like a month out from that
I think we're a month up from kicking the MIT robots and then and then turning up to us and saying like
Art though not human like me or with like some Shakespeare shit
Dude, that's not enough people gave Shakespeare enough credit. It's hard to talk like
Dude, I fuck it like
I'm like not a huge fan like I don't read it because
It's like boring to read plays
Also, don't see it because the plays are boring, but you got to give it up to him
Like it's hard to talk like that guy like a
Like similes and shit and also like you have to say it's like you have to speak in like 10 words at a time or something
Yeah, it's like, um, it's like you have to
You have to do like a pattern of like five like pen pen 10
Pentagon he speaks in pentagon meter or something. I think maybe the government actually owns the rights
The pentagon meter and that's why no one can do Shakespeare anymore. Like you can't write like him. It's like illegal
That sounds about right
Hmm
Art though human like art. They're not human like me. Oh that you quoted them according to shock of 42,000
And I mean they have access to google so they're probably right
Damn like guess I'm
Fuck am I like the first person to like write Shakespeare and over
What like 2,000 years? I think so man like I mean you you fooled me. I thought that you were in for a second
Look dude, that's crazy. I mean, you know sometimes I feel like his spirit's just passing through me
And I think for a minute. Maybe I became William Shakespeare. I mean, that's not impossible. It's not impossible
um
I mean, I think that's part of what that's part of how this george carlin ai works is like
The last step they needed was they performed a summoning circle
around
Hmm 38 uh 40 a 4080 graphics card
They they they drew a pentagram around and they chanted the ancient scripts and they summoned the spirit of george carlin
Into the graphics card and then they like jammed that into a new computer tower and and that's how they got that like
Immaculate quality out of there because it was basically
Like it wasn't as good, but it was scary. How close it is. It was scary
I'm scared
You know, I'm fucking I wake up every day with a cold sweat
Knowing that like neo that the that the neo robots from the matrix are definitely
About the bug. I'd say like three weeks away. I know. I mean like
Hug your fucking family
hug
Hug how many kids?
Fuck how many kids do we well hug hug a fine figure out how many kids you'd have and hug them
Because I'd say we have good three weeks left before we've we're just living underground doing doing fucking blade two raves
um
But like set to an you like in the matrix revelations or whatever
It's fucking that sucks. That sucks. That's what robots. That's like all that's left after robots take everything else
Is that you basically just have to do?
um, the blade to rave underground
Well set to anion and with no blood
Yeah, man is the dark vision of the future those two are those two are fucking visionary
The wakowski
Oh, great. I'm about to step in and aren't I dude
I'd I I could sense that you were about to fucking step in and then we're gonna get clipped on fucking axe
Which I'm not on by the way
I don't even bother checking that shit, but people just fucking jumped down your throat
If you call them, um
There was their sisters, right? Yeah, they were always sisters. So let's hook out these sisters
Yeah, that sounds right. Yeah, they're actually never met them. I have no stake in any of this
I don't know I'd be upset about it for even a second, but I almost was
Almost felt like an irrational rage for a second
Um, that's an an idea that I actually I can't remember what I was even mad about
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, I feel that way a lot take one more question. Let's get out of here
Um, I think I got uh athlete's foot, but on my left butt cheek
Oh, you can get that on your butt cheek now
Yeah, I went to a doctor and they said
Um, you you kick yourself in the ass so hard
Every day and you're such a hard worker that you actually have athlete's foot on your left
Fuck your butt cheek because you're kicking yourself in the ass every day because you're such a hard worker
And I was diagnosed as being
Honestly too real and too confident and too hard of a worker. That was the official diagnosis for my doctor
That sucks dude, it sucked it sucks that everything is a disease now
And you there's a fucking there's a fucking pill for everything dude
He did give me a pill and honestly since then I am a nearly out of bed
Um, they reminded me to open cases x to have oh, yeah, he'd case all cases k kate case also streams on x. Can you do it?
No, I think only tucker gets to do that. I think tucker has an exclusive deal to be the only one who streams on x
Yeah, I mean he gets like do you know that like 40 of the world's population watches tucker on x
Which they try to hide that information for me because it's like no one ever talks about tucker carlsson ever anymore
He seems completely irrelevant
It seems like getting booted off his show on fox news completely silenced him in any meaningful way
And he's basically become a cultural artifact of the early 2020s
But actually he's more popular than ever in like the number show that he's totally totally relevant
Everybody really like it's what what he says is very serious
Yeah, man, he's one of the biggest newscasters ever that currently no one ever thinks about and no one cares about ever
And so he's honestly it's kind of inspirational
We'll see how he's rebounded to be more relevant than ever
While no one actually watches anything he does or cares about him even a little bit
Yeah, dude, it's been huge. It's been huge for him
Um, anyway, if we're being quiet because jamie is
Just off camera
He's just off camera
And I think he sort of has vision like a t-rex
We don't want to move too much because you don't want to see how he would
You're gonna think we're abusing him, but I swear to god, he does it all to himself
But it he's just covered in dry blood
Currently wet ice cream
And just a massive tangle of DZ discoveries on rope course courts
And it looks
It's it's visually arresting
In a way that is not positive
Yeah, we should really get out of here
Yeah, that's gonna be all the time we have jamie
Go to your go to your milty shake
Melty milk shake jamie go to the milk jamie milty milk shake over there
Okay, let's give you all the time we have uh, thanks so much to the fucking idiot guy who gave us the thing
To do this or whatever we're on his stream or something that doesn't fucking matter
Thanks all you though. I do like the I like that. He has a little chaff thing. That's fun
It's fun that this stuff for some reason he has people that'll actually talk to this
What to whatever his thing is?
Yeah, then uh, well, I think we really got through it today
I basically have three weeks left and then it's over for humanity. We're fucking done
Um, it's officially done. It's over and we're fucked. Um, but more importantly, we got to get on it before jamie walks on camera
jamie
jamie
The joe rogan experience
It's a little scary every time
Jamie's going to be revealed as an AI. I don't know what he is
If they make him sound like he's like a like a mentally damaged forest spirit
That he's like a Alice in Wonderland Humpty Dumpty
kind of
Children's character, but who's constantly hurting himself and swaddled in various cords and foods
It sounds troubling
Yeah, that segment is a mental challenge for all of you
It's a gauntlet thrown into the dust and in the plume of its disgusting smoke. We all cough
Is jamie like a chimp that's screaming over the title card. Maybe that's jamie at the end
I mean, I always assumed that was joe pulling a monkey sound, but
Who's to say? I don't actually know. All right. What else did I say was going to talk about today?
Oh, yeah, paramount was being sold or something at auction. I just saw this story pop up in the list
And I it's not how I would expect a giant media kind of just a straight auction
But maybe that's more normal than I think I guess I
Haven't been privy to the sale of many giant media entities
So let's find out I haven't talked to Chet in a while
And he's told me many times that he fucking loves movies
Like sometimes will pull me aside. He'll make full eye contact and be like, just so you know, I fucking love movies
So, okay, let's get him in here. Uh, please welcome to the desk. It's chat
God, dude, let me tell all you like no joke
I fucking love movies. I should send you over to Trent sometime
I think we're too different
You think you're too different than Trent. I think I think like two books like us
We're gonna just lock horns immediately
Um, because we both like young powerful men
And but also totally opposed in style. You sound so much alike though. I sound different than him
Um
Anyway, what's up y'all to me? He's big jitter. He's big jitter
I mean shit's going fucking down in Hollywood. Like we in LA and like the word on the street is like
Yo, everything's fucking changing. You hear about that George Carlin AI special
We just talked about it for so long chat. Please can we not just move on to a different story?
Oh, I just mean it's just part of the ground ship that's happening in haley weird
Because it's fucking weird here, man
Paramount is reportedly going to be sold at auction to the highest bidet
Recently we learned that Warner Bros. Discovery and skydance media are both in talks to buy a majority control of paramount
Now the new york post reported that shari redstone the majority owner of paramount
Will sell her controlling stake a paramount in an auction to the highest bidder, which is like
How is it gonna be?
I guess it's just a way of you take a back room deal and move it to the front room
As a spectacle. Maybe she just doesn't want to have to deal with talking about the merger with people
I don't understand why you would do this honestly
If there's a million suitors if they just want to merge with another giant media conglomerate
A million suitors. There's like five. There's 10 suitors. There's a bunch
Business expert case black whale. Well, I mean, I'm somewhat aware of this kind of stuff
Well, the news is right here and I'm fully aware of it because I'm reading
Uh, recently we learned that Warner Bros. Discovery
Um, oh shit, you know, I see what fucking happened here. He's cutting the story off one second y'all
Okay amateur hour over here. I'm doing Papito's job for him right now. No shade Papito. Well a little bit of shape
But also no shade Papito
You're not am doing your job right now
There we go, okay
The New York Post has reported it shall reverts to already read that. Fuck I got thrown out. Damn. Just keep going man
It's fine. Shit. Okay currently paramount grow
Global is controlled by media executive charism. It also controls the national amusements, which owns 77
Appearance voting shares. She controls all the national amusements
Even my favorite parks. No, it's the name of a company
The talks are still in the early stages for both companies
And they may now have to deal with the multiple investment firms
According to the reports from the New York Post. This comes as Warner Bros. Discovery
He's also interested in purchasing paramount last month paramount global CEO Bob bake the bakefish and Warner Bros
Discovery CEO
David's zas laugh meant to
Talk about personal merger. You're struggling with the word talk for a second. I thought it was to act
I'm sorry. I don't even know. I don't mean to call you up. Well, then stop
Talks with skydancing Warner Bros. Discovery are both in the early phases
And goodies leave all the park especially with investment firms now possibly driving up the price of paramount
No date for an auction has been revealed
Well bankers have reportedly started the process of sharing details about paramount with potential
bidets
Any new owner of national amusements would control paramounts cable tv networks including nicolodeon
Oh, no, you're upset. I'm upset. I'm upset
Nicolodeon, I know
Oh, no, no, no
Oh
Not nick
Yeah
The news mtv. No, I don't care what that one. Oh love for the vma's. Oh fuck the vma's. No. Oh, man. No
Yeah, that's bad
Wait, why is it bad? Yeah, I don't actually know
Oh, okay
In multiple movie theaters
Even the ones within the col kidman thing that I clap to whenever it comes on because that's like a bit we all do now
Um, I don't know who owns amc
Okay, the news comes as the entertainment industry faces difficult times the cable tv viewership is declining the majority stream
Of streamers are struggling. Is that true? Um
I don't know
Am I I mean, I'm not struggling personally. I guess if I was trying to make the stream huge
I am but I'm pretty sure I'm they're gonna stop what they mean shut
Oh, okay
Uh paramount streaming service paramount plus is among the companies fighting to stay afloat
Shit, that's still going paramount plus
That's a thing
Um, they want to be
Oh, damn, that's fucking tragic man because
Fuck
You're just like a little guy. What you're just like a little fucking guy, man
They got no shot. They don't even have a fucking chance
That's just so fucking sad when you really think about it. You know what I mean
That's just like they just got a little shot. They got like a little halo around them in south park
It's just halo in south park. You know only one of those things is even good
A lot changed to they have they just got their little knapsack. They just want to eat a little media lunch and they can't
They're just a little media goddess
You know over their head and they can't even swim. I don't really know what point you were trying to make. It's sad
I don't know. It's very not that sad
Maybe if you're fucking heartless, please follow us on facebook and x for more news tips and reviews
Need cord cutting tech support join our cord cutting tech support facebook group for help
And that's a really positive tone that ended up that's an ad. It's an they're ending it on an ad
You know what this makes me want to do go to the movies with our boyfriend
I thought you were feuding. No, I just I know that we will never work together because I can tell you I can work with
A new I can't like I said to you on the first day. I can't work with you
I refuse to take this job
Yeah, and then you took it anyway
What am I gonna say? No, am I coward?
All right. Well chat. I don't know. What do you think?
Do you have any opinion that you think uh these companies merging is a bad sign?
We just have even less giant media conglomerates. Well, at what point is it really that big if there's
Four huge media conglomerates eight or three or two
When does it get bad? My I think it's just fine. Just let one guy just let disney have it all
Just let disney have all the media
everybody needs a boss and
Why not have it be
Mickey and because we all own steamboat mickey now
It's giving it back to the people in a way. I don't think that's quite how copyright or ownership works
Just know someday disney will own it all and then we'll finally be free from this long national nightmare
Of not working for a little mouse that that drives that steamboat so good. I mean he drove that steamboat so good like back before
boats was even that good
What?
Hey steamboat mickey was driving boats back when boats straight fucking sucked because they were old and they ran on they ran on like
Fucking propellers and shit. That's still how a lot of boats on propellers
Like old wooden boats and shit that sucked and mickey was killing it back then
So can you imagine like how good he is now?
anyway
Disney already owns have so much. I think they have enough and exactly give them the rest just here
You deal with it making shows is hard
I mean that is true, but I don't think disney's been killing it necessarily in all of those categories
But did you not like
Secret invasion was that a show you don't even know the name of the shows they've made
But you weren't a fan. I thought
Parker posie was good in that. She's not in there
A amily amelia clark
Why are you defending disney? You don't even you clearly don't watch their stuff. No, I watched all of
Secret wars. I just it's so powerful. I've I've buried the memory
Okay, well, anyway, thanks for your insight chat. I think we need to go to the movies though
And then and then maybe play a little bit
Of lethal company
Can I play? Yeah, you probably could actually
Oh sick
Okay, um
Great, uh, thanks chat. Oh, you almost didn't let me do my sign off. No, I was just gonna move on
And I'm gonna move on to the next segment of which is
The near the movies which is changing every day because of
What the discussion of which just occurred
Of course, which was about
As you know the movie times and of the paramount of them, but not the best the one that's being sold
um
I'm from texas and I'm
Shit man, I'm
Big cheddar
But I just don't understand what he's trying to accomplish
Every time he signs off gets worse
Um, let's get it to Trent at the movies. It was requested yesterday. I never got around to it
Um, so let's see what's in the trailers my eye. I can feel it getting worse
So we'll see I heard that Trent is also experiencing a thing with his eye here
So we'll see if it gets worse for him too
Yeah, parker posie not sure why chet's brain went there. What was parker posie even in?
Um
She was just in view as afraid which I haven't seen but I've heard is okay. She was in blade trinity
And now I remember
Please don't go blind. Yeah, I don't really know what's happening here, but I don't think this would make me go blind
I think I'm just getting some maybe I'm just getting it
But I'll I'll just be like this by the end of the stream parker posie's been in a shitload of stuff actually
I haven't sleazy covered it the it girl in the 90s
and
The current still in stuff girl turns out
Let's send it to the movies
And then let's see if Kendall still wants to play lethal company because you know, you know, I always kind of want to play it
Um, okay, here's Trent. Hell yeah, dude
Fucking requested yesterday and he didn't even come for me. He didn't even get me on
He didn't put my shit on
Well, I'm here now and I can't be fucking kept away
Oh, look big ass hair in my face because I've been hooking up with some ladies with long hair
If you know what I mean
You know, and now I got their hairs on
I've seen the only girl I've seen you with who I think is your sister is has short hair
That's just fake. That's just straight fucking fake ass news from a fake ass hater. I've straight up made out with chicks on this stream
I guess that is technically true
So you're sorry. I'm sorry for misrepresenting your love life
It's honestly none of my business
But you should probably maybe keep it to yourself a little bit because we're here to talk about movies young blood
Anyway, that's chris. You might have noticed the presence of just an absolute fucking hater in the corner
But I ain't letting him get me down
He has to be here as my parole officer. Thank you for the introduction
Even though it's mean
and it's it's not
Technically shown respect. It was accurate in this case. So I'll let it slide
Great
Okay, let's see what's going on
In the at the movies. It may not be trailer thursday, but it's
Film friday. I got there. I found an alliteration
Yeah, but it's just trailers young blood possibly the lowest form of film because it's not film at all
It's an ad for it
Trail we're not getting this argument trailers are better than movies. They're shorter and they get to the point
Money playing
money playing
Featuring edge
Yo, I'm a huge fan of the rated r superstar and I also like the film or series tv show money heist
You like it, but you don't know if it's a film or a tv show
Well, look, this is the sequel to it. It's sort of like how snakes on a plane is the sequel to anaconda
That's not that's not true. It's the same universe
Let's just watch the trailer. I was about to if you didn't constantly disagree with me. We wouldn't have these problems
Oh, shit. You're a gambling man jack. Not anymore
Once a gambling man always
He's the guy from 30
You bet everything you had toss up a coin
One side you your family lived the life they always dreamed of
On the other side, dude, he's gonna spears. He's gonna spear up everything
You owe a lot of money to some very bad people
So I bought your debt now. You're gonna have to repay me that debt
Can we just get to the job? Oh, shit. It's a quiver produced legend in the underworld
To those who know it's the money plane a bulletproof casino in the sky. Oh my god
You're touchable by any government agency. They can't even shoot at the gun waiter on the money plane as you covered
Or it is they carry up to a billion on board in crypto and millions in cash
I want you and your crew to take down the house
Oh, shit. It's anacendrix cousin. That might even be a good time
Now without further ado sit back relax
And prepare for takeoff get plane down those get drone done
Which is a little
You're dead
Your families are all dead you your crew and everyone you ever met
Dead by the time you touch down
Oh bring me my money
Dude that was kind of fire dude. I'll be real. That was fucking kind of like that
Sort of that was like kind of fun
Like I'm a huge fan of edge and it's just fun to get to see him play like and do him
And like, you know, he's spearing somebody at some point and honestly like for me
Like that's fucking worth the price of admission right there. Like that. She was kind of fucking fire if you know what I mean
You thought that looked good. I think that looked fucking par
Tom Jane just wants to
I mean, you know, whatever it's fine
It's like a that's like a good blockbuster rental if that were still a thing. It's too bad that it's not
Because that's the kind of shit you see on the in the isle of blockbuster. You're like
Fuck it. I'll eat a pizza and watch this
Yeah, but now it's that but for
It'll be on so it'll probably be on amazon prime for $2.99
Sure
I did
I do appreciate that brendan frazier is getting in on this hot trend
Of a name recognition actor
Who never leaves the one room in a movie?
You just you're fucking brendan frazier
You post up in this one set and you're like every fucking scene
Rewrite the fucking script if you have to it's in here and then on his end
Fuck one of the greatest wrestlers of all time the radar superstars like I refuse to leave this fucking plane
Get it all done on this fucking plane. We're doing a two-set movie here office plane
And then fine you can get some b-roll of the dude fighting drones or whatever
And that's honestly like that's how you fucking make a real ass movie
You never leave two rooms if you're really creative you can make a perfect film in two rooms
And then you think that's what this is. Yeah, this this movie honestly to me looks perfect
So let's move on. Good luck topping money plane
You think that they made that because people will think it's like money heist and get confused
It probably was at least a consideration
That's so smart dude. They're so smart
Halo the series season two dude speaking of paramount plus everybody hating
Everybody being a fucking hater on our boy paramount plus
Sorry haters. He's fucking back. You think you take master chief down that easily? Nah, man
Oh, it's boring and generic
Fuck you master chief 10 feet tall kicking down your door season two bitches. Let's see
People have reached
I bring you blessings
Be so tall
Sometimes events are beyond our control
Then in those moments look at your faces. I do not see defeat
And I do not see surrender
Will not make the stand
alone
Oh, should a Jedi showed up. Fuck. There's a Jedi in here something you can't see shot so nice
They had to show it twice at the end there dude. They're like this fucking shot of the space thing is money
And they knew it and they used it two times
Yep, that's certainly is a thing that's coming out
Dude, I mean honestly, I like no fucking shade like that looks almost as good as money playing to me
I'm sure the creators would be thrilled to hear that young blood. No like no shade dude
That looks almost as good as money playing
And you guys saw the money playing trailer. So like you you get what I mean
Also, like whenever a trailer is 90 close-ups of faces
I know that like that's a smart move because you're like hiding the the cinematic breadth of
Shots and locations that you have you're like don't let them see too much
Let's do 90 tight close-ups of our actors faces whispering
And that way they won't
That way all the cool stuff. They know it's in the show
And then you just give a little taste of of laser sword
Smart dude. It's fucking smart
Hey, at least you're positive today
I never watched the first one. So I'll just if you like it great
I just think it's fucking brave that like they probably have like millions of dollars to budget
But they made the creative decision to have it look about as good as money playing
Because game recognized game
Can we do one more trailer? I mean I
If I technically you could tell me I can you're supposed to be the adult. Oh shit. I forgot
Take responsibility for things. That's true young blood. Responsibility is important. Let's do one more trailer
Don't tell me what to do on my show. What are you? I don't get what you want from me. Sorry. That's my instinct. I did ask
drugstore june
Ashoka season two
Alexander the making of a god
Dude, sometimes I feel like a young Alexander the great because like I went for there were no more fucking
Like
fucking
No more fucking
bitches to conquer
You know what I mean? I don't honestly. I don't know what you mean Alexander's not
I don't think he's the source of that quote
and
Just again, you're just off base on so many nevermind
You get what I mean
Let's watch this Alexander trailer because like I'm sort of the modern him in a sense like
Just wait what I do before I'm 20
You're claiming to be younger than 20
Obviously, I'm younger than that. I'm a young. I'm young as hell
On the walking dead trailer
We could is there wait walking dead for what new
New ye walk it knew the walking dead trailer
Wait knew the walking dead like they're just doing more of the walking dead like a new season
The walking dead trailer
First look at the walking dead the ones
Who gets from a day ago the ones who live first look trailer
Can we do that and let's do that and said young blood
The walking dead
Dude, do people care about the show who would watch like has anybody even seen all of the walking dead?
Didn't everybody stop watching after like season six
Um, some people but some people might have watched all of it literally everything
And the sub and all of the spinoff series
Some people might be that crazy. No one would do that
I think I can think of a couple people who might do that
Dude, that's like 500 episodes of tv how much time does someone need to watch all that shit?
Probably what as much time as case has
All right, whatever fine. Let's watch it if you're such a fan
Here it is the walking dead. They they went but what is dead may never die apparently it's back
You don't want to go north not now
Oh, shit horse first
My wife is my choice my wife
My daughter is my choice
My life is my choice
It's been so long your phone, you know what it says the japanese
Believe a little bit longer. Thank you grimes. You showed me how gone get the way
This is the most powerful military on the planet
I'm just gonna ask you a question grimes. I'm looking your eyes. Why are you here? Do you want to kill?
Or do you want to die my eyes, sir?
You tell me fart got them. Thank god
He can make this whole damn world ours if you want to
Nice talk some shit
But to be fair they followed the 90 close-ups of actors faces rule
And so I rescind my previous position and I think that that that that looks pretty good
Actually, I did think that looks okay. I I watched full disclosure. Oh, you watched the walking out full disclosure
I've seen all of the walking dead
Oh, I'm shocked. Well, look I've I've been a fan for years
I've seen all of it. I watched the daryl one daryl one was actually pretty good
New York one with Negan and uh, Maggie not that good this one
Maybe
Maybe that's the best you've got
I mean, maybe it'll be
Fine like the daryl one. It was just fine. It was fine
And that's better than how it's been
Car king also liked the daryl one. It's because it was pretty good
little jesus boy in france
Daryl's just always kind of good
And rick's always kind of good and also at the beginning. He's like my wife
I was like, damn a borat quote right out the gate. This show find a sense of humor. That's fun
He did not say it like that young blood. That's how I I'm pretty sure he was like my kid my choice my wife my choice or whatever
And it's funny. All right, whatever
And my thoughts exactly dude. I can get off my fucking dick
Stop riding my fucking dick. What are you mumbling young blood? Nothing. All right. Well three are you good?
I'm fucking satisfied and the people are satisfied. They're saying that was one of the best trailer
film friday's ever
No one said that there. I feel it though. I feel it in my heart
And that's why I gotta call it there because it's fucking when you fucking finish a painting you say done pencils down
And that's what just happened and I'll be back because you know what?
What y'all know what a fucking is
Dude, you're such a fucking hater
Oh my god the fire
Whoo, okay
Let's see if Kendall still wants to play a little bit. She's so asleep
Kendall's fast asleep. Maybe instead
Because I don't want to make her get Kendall. Do you want to play?
Do you want to play a lethal company Kendall?
I'm doing the how asleep is she test
Kendall do you want to play the lethal company?
Yeah
No
Kendall I think she's too tired
She's not she's not reacting. You know when I play I was playing yesterday. I was pretty good
Do you think you did good? I got in trouble but before then everybody was saying I was pretty good
Yeah, I mean honestly you you didn't die and even though you were rapping the whole time
Yeah, but the screen said rap
And I was just trying to play the game good
And then I got in trouble
I'm over it now. Oh good, but mommy was mad at me
Still creeps me out when you say mommy what you don't like my mommy
I like Fiona. Could you just call her Fiona?
I still have that song stuck in my head
Do do do do do
Sometimes I'm not sure if you're a dog or something far more troubling
Why
Fiona on by any chance
No, Fiona's not on
Maybe we just well, we'll hit two hours and then I guess maybe we'll call it because
I think I think Kendall might be too tired
Oh, maybe still feel like playing later. Yeah, maybe I was great. Thank you skull meat
I love skull meat. It's so delicious
What? I mean, it's I just I'm a dog. I like meat
Okay, um
Let's get you to the streets. You know in tecton with trip in a while
It's important to make sure that he's still out there and then we'll get out of here for the day
Streets and then
And then we'll send it away. Okay. I'll get the streets ready. Okay. Thanks, papito
If you have an opinion about anything we've discussed today throw it in the chat or anything at all
uh triple find your opinion
on the street
That's where he likes them
And uh, and you know, he'll talk about it with the de facto simile if I'm assuming you
You okay trips on the streets. He's ready to go. Let's kick it over to him. It's time
of her trip on the streets
Yes, it's good to be back
On these streets. Hello, everybody. Greg to you card kings for a fight sponge the reefer. It's good to see you
You're on the streets with me whether you want to be or not
If you've got an opinion though throw it in the chat. I'll find it right out here
I'm sort of a conduit between the great ethereal plane and these streets where I live where I breathe
Where I play my trade of talking to people
Yeah, I should start to see without those
Okay, let's see who's on the streets today. I'm not even sure
I've been sleeping heavily in my bush lately. I've been sort of just straight knocked out in my bush
um
But I'm excited to get back on the streets
And uh, see um, who's how people are doing
Take the temperature out here, you know, I know the literal temperature again because I sleep out here
But uh, but I'm curious
Anyway, I'm curious how everybody's doing. Uh, it looks like we've got some fresh friends popping up to talk to me
Let's see how they're doing
Cut the music. Let's talk to this fine fellow. Excuse me gentlemen. How are you doing?
I'm welcome to the streets. How was that?
Hello trip elder of house bradstein. I am dr.
Surgeon rev don don donny don don don donald jr. Ask voice of the council of donald's
the best council
The council of donald
Yeah, I'm here to pronounce that after much deliberation the council has voted to ex-communicate
Donald trump. Oh my god. This is you new
Huge news. What does that mean?
Henceforth myth
Mr
Mr
Henceforth
Read your proclamation. You can do it henceforth
Mr trump will no longer be able to use the name donald without suffering extreme consequences like what?
But let me finish trip. I bear not only bad news today
The council of donalds has voted to make you trip an honorary donald for all of your work on the streets
Gentlemen celebration
Welcome
You are getting you're you're getting excited
Where'd you where'd you get that music from?
I listen. I don't know
Sorry the council of donalds. Yeah, I'm unofficial rep. I know this is huge news
Maybe you're not used to giant scoops like this, but donald trump. He's got a change in the name
The council of donalds has spoken
Sorry mortal
Oh, are you a mortal? No, I'm 36
Okay, but I represent forces that you can't even imagine like who?
Uh
Donald Glover both of them
Okay
Donald ducks intellectual price rights property owner
So disney you represent disney. They're on our newsletter. Okay, and uh, donald selverland, of course
is
pending a reply to my email
part of the council
What's your name?
donald donald
Your donald donald. It's the name that we're required to take
What do we swear the oath of don of of donald?
Well, look, but but the name I actually go by is dr. Sergeant rev don don donny don don don
Don jr. Ask
Is the official title?
What's your name? My god-given name is
Bert crumpham
But I change it's legally changed
Bert crumpham. No, I mean i'm not
I'm making fun of your name trip. You're an honorary donald. I thought you'd be thrilled. No, that is a that's very nice. I just
You know, it's sort of like if I get a
um
You know if I get it if I get a mailing that says congratulations, you're pre-approved for a credit card
I'm not necessarily excited. I don't you know, I'm worried. It could be a marketing tactical
No, no marketing. No joke, man. You fucking
You're in
Okay, well, um, thanks so much donald and uh, we'll see if with donald will what are the consequences again? He's out of the club
Oh
dire consequences
for meester drum
Can you not pronounce specifically the r in mister? No, I'm doing it
I mean the s meester
You only have a list with that one word. No, it's I don't
I don't
promenade renegade meester. No, you need to use words with s
snake
slippy Sam meester
All right, whatever. Oh, well, thanks for having me. I'm a huge fan. I
What are you? What are you doing?
God damn it bending time and space as always
all right, let's um
Looks like there's a couple more opinion looks like we have enough opinions for the day by the way
So I might not be able to get some more though. You're welcome to put them in
But I think we might be full for this particular day
Um, let's see, uh, who else is out here today
Um
I'm just curious what's going on on these streets as always
Uh
One second as I locate the next person that I gotta I gotta talk to
Hmm
Not all of these people are looking quite right to speak with uh, no, not not you either
Um, let's see
Oh boy. These streets are a little barren today. Sorry everybody
um
Council of barren trumps. How about that?
That's nothing actually
Where the fuck is this? Okay. I can't find it. I can't find the specific guy
I want to talk to I'm just gonna have to talk to this guy
Um, but he looks just like a real fine chap. Excuse me, sir. Do you mind talking to me? I'm tripping. Oh my god
This is not working. Yo trip
Trip a trip. It's me. Wow. You look totally wow. What a unique looking guy. It's me trip
It's your boy Conway trippy back again back again
All right, it's Conway. I kind of remember you of course
Conway trippy. You'll be a fool to forget me. Oh baby Conway
Yeah, baby
All right. Oh, I was wondering how you feel about dogs playing. I love video games
I always thought the video games, you know, they're for humans human domain if you will
I can't have my dog being better than me at call of duty. I mean, how's my girlfriend gonna respect me, man?
I'm Conway trippy. My respect is hanging by a thread. My girlfriend hates me
Your girlfriend hates you. She fucking doesn't respect what I do. What do you what do you do? Um
Music why'd you put such a question mark on it?
That's my style music
That's your genre of music. Yeah, the genre is
When you hear it, you're like, what is that music?
That's your genre. That's my genre of music chair band staying on a huge fan
You think you'd sign my you think you'd sign my fucking
happy trail
My girlfriend loves you
What sign your happy trail. Yeah, the little thing connecting my belly button to my dick
I I know what you mean. Can you sign that for me trip? No, man. I don't want to do that
You don't have to touch the dick. You just go right up to it trip band scene down, you know
You draw it downwards through the hat to the bottom of the happy trail right at the base of my penis. That's where you put the end
you know
Conway, I can't do that for anybody. Um, I'm starting here about your music career not going well. No, it's going
It's going great. My music period career. I'm a top-selling artist, but people aren't responding as well to my music
You do both. Yeah, I do music too. That's where I make the majority of my income
But my passion is music
You know sort of like andre 3000 he likes to play flutes people want to hear him rap
But he just wants to flute and I just want to music
Okay, Conway. Um, well, look I'll I'll I'll sign an object. I don't sign skin
I'm a man of the streets and I like to sign things
How is that related to being a man on the street?
It's part of our code code of the street, man. Sign no human only sign object. That's a code
Well, it's a one person
Rule set and that's my rule. Oh, okay
Well, sorry that bound that trip. I'll send you a picture of me and you could just sign maybe the happy trail part of that picture
My girlfriend we get she'd fucking love that. She's a huge fan. I'm a huge fan. I'm a huge fan trip brice
Oh
Back immediately
Clearly people walking away from me isn't working today. Maybe we could just not do that. Papito. All right. Um
I think we've got a few more opinions coming in hot. Yeah, looks like we got two more
Uh, let's see. Oh, sorry three more. Let's see who else is out here today
Uh, who's on these streets?
Uh, who wants to talk to me?
Um
I gotta find someone real cool to chat with which
Sure, I'm doing that
Uh, okay. Let's see. Oh, he's already here
Watch out, man
Watch out trip
How you doing?
Uh, hello, y'all. It's cruiser sign bars. Uh, hi cruiser. You don't recognize me
I'm the world's finest jiggalore
Do you know how I got my hands on those drugs?
I'll take care of his people
I'll take care of the people
What is this accent? Why don't you watch watch that trip?
Um, sorry, uh, do I know I don't know how to get a hold of those minnesota drug swabs? I'm sorry
It's not my area of expertise
Um, maybe just swab your mouth and give it to case he seems to claim to be able to smell drugs like a doggie
Oh a little doggie boy. Okay. Well, look, um, I think the swabs will come in handy if you know what I mean
You know, I like the swabs. I let them swab my holes
Let them swab your holes. I let them swab my holes let the quiet swab my hole
See, I'm all right if I'm on the drug
For the pleasure and you know where I can
You don't know where I could you don't know where I could get someone else
I forget I do. I don't know it. I don't have any ends with the minnesota police department
Maybe look into what companies supplied them and contact the company directly. Oh my god, that's a roadmap to success
I let so smile from your trip the key to success is you've got to start small
A little steps to get where you want to go and whoever step one for me is a google
Yes, hey, I find a pump on the company. Yes, I end in a put in a cow
Yeah, okay. Those are those are steps I can take trip. That's why the people love you
Because you help us
Where are you from from new york city, baby new york city greatest city in the world?
I love the streets. I was born on these streets. I was born in the park. Oh, you're born in the park
Yeah, my mama just sort of squirted me out on a bench. What's that? My mama squirted me out on a bench
Sorry one more time. My mama squirted me out on a bench. Okay. Well, congratulations. I thank so much
You really better use him. I needed a people swab my holes
So she was you want to know if I'm on a drive
Why do they need to know? I mean I'm watching number one pimp. You want to know your pimp on a drive?
What? Your pimp on a drive?
Your pimp's on a drive? Yeah, your pimp on a drive
I don't know if I would care by the point. I'm
Going for the services of a pimp
That people want to know
All right, that's fine. I mean good good for you being up front is important in any business and who am I to judge
Apply your trade as safely as possible would I would appreciate that certainly so good on you
Follow the road back to success. I'm gonna find out our old man. Okay, and best of luck. Well, thank you so much
You're fine of yours
What? You're fine of yours
What?
Okay, well, thanks so much. How are you all Spanish? No. Oh, you're not Spanish. No
That's different
No, you are shitty
Okay, um, let's see who else is out here today. Oh, wow. There's someone coming in hot
Uh, let's see what this guy's dealing
Um, I don't even know but fine. Hey, whoa, you're right here. Hey, I'm Bennett
McHorse
Hi, Bennett
Where's a good place to plan a date for valentine's around here? I want to get
I want to get weird
You want to get weird? I want to get weird with
Bennett? Yeah, Bennett. Okay. Oh, what are you doing for valentine's? What am I doing?
Um
And I'm busy with what I don't know if I'm a public figure. I don't know if I can just share exactly what I'm doing
broad strokes
Because you're busy. I'm busy doing
um
My wife you're busy doing your wife. Hey take it easy
If if the date goes right, what's the date? I can't tell you any everything
Any any everything you can trust me on Bennett McHorse
Uh, my wife and I are going um
I'm gonna pick out tunas and cook them ourselves
There's a new restaurant that is outside
Okay, and you pick out your own tuna and you do it
You take care of it yourself. You chop it set off in you skin it
They don't supply napkins. You both get messy. It's called messy tuna extravaganza
That's a real thing. Yep. That's real. Don't look it up. It's exclusive. You won't find it
Me and my wife are doing messy tuna extravaganza. I'm busy
Okay
How'd you come up with those plans? I could use because I want to get crazy. That sounds pretty wild
I don't like to get that crazy. Um tripadvisor.com. Oh
Yep, just go to just call the customer service line at tripadvisor.com say
I'm lost. I'm clueless. I don't know what to do with my life and just see what they say. That's thank you trip
That guy was right. You're full of good advice
You that's a achievable goal. I can call tripadvisor.com. Yeah, you can do it. I think you think I can pull it off
Uh, 50 50. Okay. I'm gonna give it a shot
Wish me luck
Best of luck. Who are you taking out for valentine's day? My sweet mommy. Um
Platonically that was a nod. Okay. Good. Good. Bye. Bye
Um, um, it looks like there's another person. Let's just get somebody else in here. Let's get somebody else in here, please
Um
There's gotta be someone else. There's gotta be someone else for me to talk to there's gotta be there's gotta be
Okay
Um, oh hi there. Hello. Hi
Uh, hello, my name is jasper
Okay
I'm a huge thanks
Okay, but let me tell you what i'm not a fan of
Convincing people to suck off these new drug tests. Okay
You know the syringe drug test. Have you seen any things? Um, yes. Have you really seen them? Yes
Convincing people to suck off a drunken syringe voluntarily. Yeah. Yeah, it's it's in the name of justice
People can't
Okay, don't you want these things to be saying?
Yes, I just don't understand this wrong. Yeah, that's it's confusing world
I suck out the syringes and handed to my boss every day when I get to work like a goo
Like you wait what law abiding citizen a goo law abiding citizen
I suck him off like a goo you suck off goos
Wait, are you in favor?
You're not you're against this i'm against having to suck those little tests
You get to work your boss hands you were
Let me see how that math handles this
Proved proved that you're
Proved that you're on top of things justice
Suck it
What I can't tell if you like this one. Is this a fantasy? What's happening right now?
It's terrible. It's unbelievable. It's crazy that that stuff happens
Uh, yeah, yes, uh, well, look, I'm not in favor of compulsory
Uh compulsory tests. I do think when you step behind an automobile you should be
Um alert, you shouldn't be impaired. It's a dangerous mechanism. You're controlling people forget. You're basically driving a giant
many-ton bullet
Down the highway you could kill things at any moment if you slip up
Oh my god, really? I mean, yeah, I am a little less clear though. Just cocaine make you a worse driver
Okay
I mean really I
It makes you more alert. What's wrong with that? Well, what about when you come down off the cocaine?
Wouldn't that crash you a little bit? Not if you keep doing it
Well, look, I don't I think that there's some decronian dog laws in this country
I think when it comes to driving, um
Yeah, maybe you should be actually sober
You're right
Fuck that. I don't want to be
What?
You want to be suited? Yeah. Okay. Um, well, sorry to hear that justice, but uh
Just uh, just ice those opinions
Sorry, I mean, I don't get it, but I wasn't offended. Okay. It didn't really make a lot of sense
Yeah, okay. Well, thanks Jeff. I am a big fan
You made me think
I did what you made me think
That's shocking, but okay
It looks like there's um
That might be it
There's there one more. I don't want to miss. I don't want to miss these hard
These these are hard-working opinions that deserve to be on the scene on the streets. Oh, there's one more
Um
Let's see what this
Oh
What? Hey, gee
Hello, my name is dr. What?
Dr. What? My name is dr. What? Okay new relation to that other fella
My name is dr. What new relation to that other fella
Oh, okay. You're a doctor. What? I'm not who's on first thing with you. What's that?
It's a it's an old sketch, but it's
Classic it's fundamental to the comedy in general. It's just a misunderstanding over words. Huh?
It's because there's a guy on first base
Who's named who he's on first his name is who who's that? Oh my god. Okay. I'm not doing this doing what?
A doctor. I'm not doing what with you. Oh my god doctor. I'm not doing the city. What do you mean?
He's the name of my practice. What do you mean?
I'm sick
And there's an I can't I I don't like to do this. I don't like to shut people down
But I feel like whatever I say you're going to misunderstand and doctor. What?
Good day. What's
I said good day. What?
Is happy to meet you
Now you're trying to speak in the first person what?
Would be wrong with that what said the doctor
You see I I think I tripped you up. That's my name tripped who what?
You can't do it. I broke you. No, you didn't I'll confuse you. I'm a doctor. What? No, I'm fuck
All right. Good day, sir
Don't come try to pull this shit with me. You won't who's on first me. I did for a little yeah, but not for long
I'll get you
Thank you, doctor. What I'll get you cheap
Good luck. I'm fucking unbeatable
Hmm, let's make sure I didn't miss any but I think I got about
Okay, looks like I hit them all. Uh, thank you all so much for those opinions in shit
I found them out here on the streets in case you didn't catch it
That's what I fucking do and card king good to see you not cases brother good to see you propaganda v2
I'll take any version of you you like. I'm tripped motherfucking bradstein
I take every version on the streets. I find them out here. I talk to them. I jump a fucking mic in their face
I say tell me what I want to know and I get it every time
I'm like a detective but for facts that don't matter at all in fact completely made up nonsense
I'm tripped bradstein. I'll never stop. I'll be right here on these streets and I'll see you all soon
Bye-bye everybody
It's my uh, I get excited sometimes when I watch trip. So I put on a trip wig just to really feel invested
My trip bradstein memorial wig everything's a memorial given enough time
All right, who's online?
No one I follow is on it's like people have things to do on friday or something
No one I follow is on shut up case
Case I have to go here to raid. I have to go to my own channel to raid people
um
Jesus that was dark
Jim Tasty who I randomly raided once is on should I randomly raid Jim Tasty again?
I feel a little weird that I didn't engage with him at all. I just dumped everybody on them. So
Here you go, Jim
Is it tasty?
Does anybody have um, yeah, that's AI case in the background. I'm releasing an hour-long special
I've never done an hour-long special myself, but my AI is gonna crush it
If anybody has
Uh, a person they want me to raid who they're friends with I'm always happy to raid a cream friend
Um, but I will raid. I guess I'll just raid Jim Tasty at that
Uh be vilgic great. Let's check him out them out him or her or them out
Dude, there was someone let's fucking do it vilgic looks like they're popping off with some party animals
And they've been doing it for five and a half hours. God damn
uh show some love to
To vilgic over here be vilgic. I might be saying their username wrong
um
It could be be vil JC. I don't know
But I do know I'm giving him the hot raid. It's a case rate
Uh, have a good night. So breechy. Have a good night sinister dev. He's a streaming machine
I mean he's streaming twice as long as me
So couldn't so hell yes and also I once had to edit a very long project that involved people playing party animals
This is giving me flashbacks
um
clandathu drop rate
Oh, shit. I just typed the wrong thing. I typed it in his chat
Fortunately, I don't think it went through. I was throwing a spoiler in there
I'm the worst at using things
All right. Now we're raiding uh be a vilgic
Boom we frickin did it guys. Yes another raid
Yeah, let's raid this guy
It's a case raid Matt. Good to see you uncle phil 2k card king msg. Good to see everybody
I'll be back on monday with the cream team podcast
Uh ms. Reggae to see you as well. Thanks for hanging out
Maybe we'll wait candle up if she does want to play lethal company
I'll be back at some point to do just that great to you good to see you as well
Thanks again for watching. There's I because I'm on my own stream. I just realized there's so many
Screens with my face on it. It's making me feel insane. So I have to raid right now
I'll be back on monday. Have a great weekend everyone. Maybe I'll be on this week randomly to play lethal company
Again to feed the addiction wish my eye luck
And there might be a sigh in this eye. Bye everybody