I'm Papito. I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
I'm just beardless case with a wig.
We're live in ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one. Let's do...
Oh, yeah, we're back.
We're back again.
It feels so good. Hello everybody.
Once again, I've made more totally pointless to you changes to the stream that I'm I'm checking on and they're working great.
Everything is doing great.
Hope you're all having a lovely start of your week.
It's Monday in case you didn't notice.
Yeah, it's me, News Guy. Good to see everybody. Be Grendel, Skull Meat, John Michael, Mr. Wobububu, Ray, Silver, Every Wolf, Tasty, Zero, MSG, Subbreachy,
Cheen Mail. Let's fucking go.
Those ladies were nice.
Well, those ladies... I don't know if my stream can handle these ladies.
I hope you're all doing well. I've been sleazin' the master mod in the chat. Good to see everybody. Lady side tricks.
If we got a Fiona jump scare, I would think it was AI.
One of these days it could happen. You never know.
She might just be over or somehow visiting at the right time.
I forget she's visiting. I'm streaming and boom, she's here.
It's a lot of circumstances, but they could happen.
Okay, uh, let's...
Get into it.
I guess?
Ampeto, everything doing alright?
Everything's...
Totally silent on my end.
Oh, that's probably not how it's supposed to be.
Eves, how it is, though?
Yeah, utterly silent and dark on the production end.
Oh.
I don't think any of this war... I don't even like...
I mean, the only thing I thought of was one light.
Like above you?
Yeah.
Was Crumb and Ugly, baby?
Absolutely.
Ampeto's way down.
I think all babies are pretty ugly, though.
I like it when they're older and they got more flavor.
Like Hannibal Lecter?
Like a dog.
Crumb is ugly always?
What if he was a cute baby?
What if it started fine and then it just got worse?
Was Ampeto always this small?
I might've gotten smaller.
I don't... I feel like I was above this size.
But...
Sometimes I feel like a giant unstoppable force.
And other times I feel like a tiny little guy.
So I don't know if it means...
You tell me.
What age did Ampeto learn English?
I think I'd learned it just now.
Like, like, as I'm talking I learned it.
And I think I'm a little baby.
I mean, you're at least a couple years old based on this stream.
No.
That's a popular answer to the things I say.
Crumb's mom tried to give him up, but no one would take him.
Says Skimer.
Yeah, I think that's... I think that's right.
That sounds right.
Maybe the camera equipment got bigger?
That's possible.
And also now I sit behind this thing.
I thought you were always behind the thing. We just changed the camera angle.
I don't know.
Can Pupido poop NFTs like Bezos and Elon's RoboDogs?
Can they do that?
What?
The dogs can poop NFTs?
I probably can.
Let me try.
I'll shit this whole stream and we'll see what comes out.
I can guess what's gonna come out, Pupido. You don't have to do that.
I already started and it's too late.
Okay, great. Well, you know, let's just get into some news. It's news time.
You knew it would be me.
I knew you'd come.
That's right. It's Jeff Ripple.
The news.
That's what you're going with now?
Jeff Ripple, the news.
You're claiming the whole thing?
Claiming it all. I am the news.
They want me to come? That's what TastyZero says.
Who am I to deny them?
What are we doing today? More chat news?
Yeah, let's get into the chat news.
I like starting with the chat news lately.
It feels good.
To me, it's all words that I simply read and read and read.
And read.
Mm-hmm.
Jeff Ripple, no nipple. You wish.
They're rather pointy, actually.
I've torn many a shirt when I get enticed.
I don't need to know that.
Sort of like Andrew Cuomo if his nipples were sexy instead of scary.
I'm a very nipply man.
Jeff Nipple.
It's not because it rhymes.
You sure about that?
Don't say that.
The irony, yeah.
You can share news at the cream dot team in the bin section.
And we'll probably click on it unless it's got like a really visible penis in it.
And then we'll click on it and feel worried about it.
Anyway, it's news time.
It's chat news.
It's chat news.
And other maybe?
I don't know.
We'll figure it out.
Starting us off.
Look at this.
Handsome face?
What counts as handsome now?
I would not say that personally, but I'm biased because I dislike.
And that's why you're not the lead newsman.
I don't feel anything about anyone.
But I do feel like I have to read this.
December 8th, that is today in case you couldn't see right here.
The US lawmakers may withhold a quarter of Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth's travel budget.
Oh no.
If he does not provide unedited videos of military strikes on boats in southern, in the southern Caribbean and eastern Pacific,
the latest effort to obtain more information about President Donald Trump's campaign in Venezuela.
This coming on the heels of him, some say murdering a bunch of guys on boats with missiles.
He said that too.
Yeah.
People are saying it because it happened.
Unedited footage of a bear?
I'm in favor of that.
Can we release that case?
Unedited bear footage?
What would that even mean?
You figured it out.
I don't know.
I would rather see that than people getting blown to bits.
Well, yeah, but I don't think unedited bear footage is going to...
I mean, unless you're RFK, then I would want to see the unedited bear footage.
Dump salt on him?
Is he slug-based?
Is Pete Hegseth one of the many slug-based humans?
If anyone is.
Well, there's a couple options, but yes, I'm going to say yes, we should try salt.
What if the bear is a narco-terrorist?
Well, that depends.
Is it a brown bear?
I'm just saying that does seem to be the criteria.
You're ordered, you know, anything but a polar bear, and I think they're going to be suspicious.
That does seem to be the current official policy from the government, not on bears, but on people.
He's just enforcing emission standards in the Gulf of somewhere.
Oh, yeah, maybe this is part of the green policy, the green new deal.
It's a little bit more of a violent deal than we expected, but we hate speedboats as the point.
You're late, but you're ready to be barely informed.
I, uh, yeah, I will prepare. You're definitely going to barely be that.
I don't know what kind of pressure the travel budget will have on Pete Hegseth.
Exterminator, thank you so much for the 37 months.
We do, in fact, love to see it.
Over two years we've been doing this.
Not me, case. For me, it's at least slightly under three years.
You say over two years? I did. Well, it's over three years.
He only gets two private jets now.
How come we're not withholding a cash-patels-travel budget?
Because he needs that to go visit his war hero country-singing girlfriend.
Why is she a war hero? Because she sings country-
Look, that's a different story. Oh my God.
Right when I check on the comment, everything fucking explodes.
This, this guy's here again?
Is that some...
Is that some kind of problem? You got some kind of problem with that?
Not me. Okay.
There's too many buttons in front of me. They're all going off.
All the buttons are going off all the time.
What? Sorry, what? I was paid attention.
Hi, friend. Can you pay attention, please?
You're gonna be here?
No, no, no. I probably won't. I'm still sick.
I'm still kind of translucent, so I'm under the weather.
I am as hyped as usual. It's just gonna come out a little sick.
We're in the middle of talking about speedboat murder, hype train.
So we could use your hype. That wasn't my thought.
That was his thought. Ripple's on my side.
Ripple gets it.
I get this train. I get this train's vibe. I'm in support of you, train.
Of course. The only person here who hates hype is that little slimy boy sitting next to you.
Sly me?
We can see the slime case. You're not hiding it.
I mean, I'm a lot of things, but... slimy? Only a little.
Anyway, let me read this comment. I told you Trump was going to blow up the Netflix deal.
He blew up the Netflix deal already?
I don't even pay attention to that particular news.
Or is he just a fan of blowing things up so we're still assuming he will?
Well, we're gonna get into more news at this hype train. I'll settle down.
I can't... a case. I'm here to not do that.
Play me a slime-type beat. Because that's all you can think about, isn't it, case?
You brought up slime.
You are slime. Think about that.
He's got a pretty good point, case. In what way? I don't know. I'm seeing it.
Now that I'm looking for it? Yeah. Slimy.
Jared Kushner brought in Saudi money to help Paramount buy Warner Brothers.
That sounds about right. Okay, hype train, your music is really loud.
That's how it's supposed to be. That's how it's meant to be.
We spend the first 20 minutes of every stream not doing the news because you're always showing up.
That's exactly right. You're getting it at last.
Get it through that slimy head of yours case.
Ooh. The rainbow nose of the baby. This is a hype train race.
That's a slime-type beat. Feeling nasty when I make out with the sheets.
Make out with the sheets? I don't kiss girls. I make out with sheets, man.
Ooh, fly. Fly train guy. When I see a sheet, I go ski ski.
Licking up the sheets because they taste so neat.
I thought you were talking about slime. I still am. I'm going to wrap that around the slime.
The case, allow the hype train to love how it wants to love.
When I see a sheet, there's a girl on it or an object or a thing.
I say get off of that sheet. Sheets are what I like to make love to.
Jeff, can you not encourage this? It's just... There's literally no substance here.
Well, I think there is substance case. A slime-based substance.
That's correct. The worst thing that you can do with a sheet is put case on the sheet because he creates slime.
Every time he sleeps in a bed, the sheet becomes about 90% slime.
That makes the sheet slightly less sexy. I don't make the rules case.
When did what?
I love all of these supply sheets. Hype train, burbino in the streets running skis.
With the sheets, we all freaks. You know how it is, baby. We ain't me. We make sheets.
Mistakes.
It's a slime-type beat anyway. I'm hearing it. I am hearing it.
Yes.
And we are feeling it.
Listen up, Jack.
I guess Mr. President.
It's come just my Majam 300 shiny tasty coins.
Uh-huh.
And I've been dying to say this.
What's that?
Y'all portraying big slime fan. Do the slime stuff.
This is, this seems like a more, whoop, I lost it.
I thought I saw a slime-type beat, but then I guess I lost it.
No, it here it is. This is a slime-type beat. We showed this the other day.
Oh, but was this on a slime-type day case? Or is this just a beat you randomly played?
It just looks way slimeier to me. Says you.
That's not a slime-type beat. That's an ice-type beat.
He's covered in slime.
And it's cold. When you put your sheets in snow, that sheet gets really cold.
That makes sense, I guess. And now you're seeing how much sense he makes.
Yeah, the sheet would get cold.
When you put your sheets in a volcano, now that's a slime-type sheet.
Why? I don't care, I'm not actually curious why.
Yes you are, case. Let me explain.
Why is that, hype-drain?
Because when the sheet's in a volcano, you have to cover it in slime.
Like when a stuntman does a fire stunt, you gotta cover the sheet in slime, son.
Oh, to protect the sheet.
Now you're getting it. The only good type of slime is anti-flame.
Allow me to change the game and bring it back to case, because his slime's not the same.
When the sheet gets covered in some case-type slime, that's nasty.
It's coming and it's filled with grime because case seeps out the bad type of slime.
And the good type of slime is the stunt mankind.
Can you please just do the one thing you're here to do, as far as I'm concerned, hype-drain,
and thank the people for the subs and bits?
Don't rush him, case. Why do you like this?
The hype-drain's busy, can't you see?
Jeff Ripper gets it, man. I'm just a hype-drain out here trying to do what I can,
but I won't thank the subs because I'm all about love,
even though case is acting, that's the easiest part.
Let's go!
In the whole set.
Hype-drain keeping it extra lit.
Okay, let's tell the subs that show the some love that we thank them, baby,
and we giving them a hug.
Who's on top?
Show me these subs, baby. I can't stop.
I need extreme activity, so I'm on a killing spree.
I'm thinking of the bits that are raining on me.
We got Ex-Terminator, who's popping it off?
37 months, they've been dropping the sauce.
We got Sky-Merce saying, let us go.
You know what it is, this is the hype-drain show.
That's 37 months or something, three years plus.
Bumble sprout, 100 bits, I'm fittin' ready to bust.
We got the mighty Oz.
Incredible.
You remember that Oz movie with Jay Franco?
I hadn't thought of that recently, Hype-drain.
Thank you for reminding me.
People forget about it, but they need to remember.
Anyway.
Mighty Oz Jay Franco, yeah, that was some movie.
Okay, Giggle Trash, Miss Communities subs three minutes ago.
Thank you for showing us all the love.
That's like a best boy we talkin' big Jay Dove.
100 bits, that's nasty.
Thanks for that shit, bro.
Okay, Zadmaster Man, you my new friend.
Oh, sick, I'm just amazing. I got through there.
Oz, the prison sex show?
That's another type of Mighty Oz.
I think James Franco was also, I think he wasn't in that,
but I think he studied that.
And he tried to live his life Oz style.
And no comment.
No comment on that.
That made you uncomfortable?
That sounds fair.
Oh, thank God.
Take that, Hype-drain.
Why are you so vindictive?
He was hyping us up, Case.
Showing us all the hype.
Why is he still awake?
I'm not, I'm sleeping with my eyes open lately because I'm sick.
I am asleep though.
Why to sleep?
Anyway, back to hell.
You're talking about international affairs, I believe, Jeff?
I mean, were we really?
Well, yeah, we were. I mean, we're not.
We probably shouldn't be what we were.
He taught us how to survive a volcano.
I mean, cover yourself in slime.
Do you have a better suggestion?
Don't go in the volcano?
Case's brother says Franco campaigned hard for prison sex
in his Wizard of Oz movie,
but the studio guys were being jerks and wouldn't do it.
I kind of thought that there was something missing from that movie,
and that sounds right.
Oh, man, the hype-drain has delay on the whole time.
He was going to be even more off the beat than usual.
Why'd you add mic delay?
That's fucked up, Case.
You're making me fall off the beat.
You were 200 milliseconds behind the beat that whole time.
I'll fix it, Hype-drain.
I'll make it so that when the hype-drain triggers,
the delay turns off so you can wrap in a way that's really good.
Just know live he sounded perfectly on the beat.
I had to add a delay because all this advanced camera equipment
is making everyone's mouths look crazy.
Yeah, maybe the mic delay fixed it so that he was more on the beat.
That sounds also possible.
Anyway, Pete Hegseth might get compelled to...
What we're trying to talk about was Pete Hegseth
getting compelled to release footage of war crimes they're committing.
But then we kind of ended up talking about slimes and volcanoes.
But that's not our fault.
It's someone's fault, but I can't put my finger on who.
Let's move on, though. We got a lot of chat news to get through.
We'll see if Pete Hegseth is compelled to do anything
other than continue to be a massive national embarrassment.
That seems to be sort of his mandate,
so I think he might keep up with that if I had to guess.
Fortunately...
No one asked you, case.
Uh, alright.
Oh, God. This is chat news, I swear.
It just also happens to have this guy's face on it.
Trump 79 derails Oval Office meeting with penis jokes.
We're back in our comfort zone.
President Donald Trump is easily distracted.
Alright, alright. No editorializing Yahoo Entertainment.
That's according to his right-hand man, Vice President JD Vance.
Oops, it was the Vice President editorializing.
Who shared an awkward anecdote about his boss during a holiday celebration
speaking at a Christmas party.
He was hosting at his residence for actor Sylvester Stallone.
This is just such a winning assemblage of facts.
Vance regaled the crowd with the story that he apparently
felt encapsulated the experience of being theep.
People often ask me what it's like to be Vice President of the United States,
and a lot of it's exactly what you would expect it to look like
if you watched it on TV or just paid attention to the media.
Even Pete, uh, fucking JD Vance can't hesitate.
He can't resist wasting our time with boring preambles.
That's what these stories are all about.
Relax, case, we're getting there.
But sometimes you get behind the scenes moments that why we'll never,
ever forget for the rest of my life.
For example, today I'm in the Oval Office with President and Marco Rubio.
President, sorry.
And we're talking about something really important.
The President kind of holds up his hand and says,
hey, there's something much more, much more important.
Shoes.
It's like a viral video from the 2010s.
Vance continued, he peers over the Resolute desk and he says,
Marco JD, you guys have shitty shoes.
This isn't Dix, this is shoes.
There happens to be another politician in the room.
I won't say who, and you'll find out why in a second.
And actually runs through this incredible shoe catalog.
The President is gifting us with four pairs of shoes.
Holy hell.
This was a video?
Son of a bitch.
You should have scrolled down.
You forgot the law of modern news, Jeff,
which is that every story is just quoting a tweet that's a video.
Let's see what the video is.
I want to talk about why we're gathered here to celebrate him,
but I want to first say, you know,
people often ask me what it's like to be the Vice President of the United States.
And a lot of it is exactly what you would expect it to look like
if you watched on TV or just paid attention to the media.
If his wife is there, will he resist the opportunity
to basically say that she needs to convert to Christianity and hit the divorce?
I don't know. I don't know if he can resist. Let's see.
Yeah, but sometimes you get these behind the scenes moments
that I will never, ever forget for the rest of my life.
So for example, today I'm in the Oval Office with the President of the United States
and our great Secretary of State, Marco Rubio,
and we're talking about something really, really important,
and the President kind of holds up his hand and says,
hold on a second.
The story instantly became unbelievable.
Something important, I'm not sure about that.
Shoes.
He appears over the Resolute Desk and he says,
Marco, JD, you guys have shitty shoes.
We got to get them.
It killed him in the room actually.
So he goes out and grabs a catalog.
There happens to be another politician in the room.
I won't say who, you'll find out why in a second.
And he actually runs us through this incredible shoe catalog
and by the way, the President is giving us with four pairs of shoes
for first time and I need four pairs for Marco
and he's actually having more of this conversation.
He's asking for our size so that he can make sure that we get the right shoes.
And he asked this other politician, he said,
I'm going to get you some shoes too.
And he says, Marco, what's your shoe size?
And Marco's apparently an 11 and a half.
He says, JD, what's your shoe size?
This story is starting not to add up.
Little Marco Rubio, 11 and a half.
I think he's being a little generous there.
Okay, well let's let him get to the punchline,
although it's already been crushing in the room.
My shoe size is 13.
And he asked this politician, I'm not sure what his shoe size is,
and he says, seven.
The President kind of leans back in his chair and says,
you know you can tell a lot about a man by shoe size.
It's that kind of charm that propelled him directly to the White House
and the New York Times bestsellers list.
He really loves to talk about leather objects and penises.
He is smiling through the pain.
I mean, you got to judge her a little bit for being married to JD Vance.
Even though some would say I look a lot like JD Vance.
Everyone, not some, everyone case.
I don't say that.
Well anyway, my point is,
I can't be entirely on Usha's side because she's married to JD Vance.
Later defense when she married him, he was a hillbilly, I believe, singing songs.
That's just the book he wrote.
Same idea.
So he changed, not her.
Well now he wants her to change into Charlie Kirk's wife, I suspect.
Anyway, that's, now we all know that that happened.
Are you, would you believe the president made a dick joke?
Was it a joke?
I think he just mentioned dicks.
That is a, that is always a solid laugh line actually mentioning dicks.
I do stand by that.
His name wasn't even JD Vance when they got married.
Oh yeah, it was Jerk Devil Vance.
Jerk Devil Vance.
Yeah, back when he was a pro gooner, he was Jerk Devil Vance.
But he had to change it for political reasons, obviously.
I was a fan of Jerk Devil though, personally.
Look, let's move on.
GameStop says it's trade anything day.
Let customers to bring in a goose, a bobcat, and a wee Netflix disc.
They kind of are going in decreasing order of oddness there.
In that case his brother says, you don't always have a little smirk,
like you just stole a chocolate bonbon at least.
On my best days I don't.
Sometimes he does.
Sometimes I, I'll admit sometimes I do.
But that's unrelated to JD Vance.
I can't help it that we both have a little shitty smirk face.
Only sometimes.
GameStop says it accepted more than 80,000 items during this weekend's trade anything day event
and shared images with IGN of the weirdest items accepted including a bobcat,
a goose, and a physical Netflix disc.
That's just the headline.
The chain's big trade-in event was the latest publicity stunt, yes, we're aware.
Normally this range would not extend to taxidermied animals, road signs, or people's artwork of their pets,
but as the marketing pointed out, it was in fact trade-in anything day
and it does seem like the marketing was effective as we've been getting stories about this now for several weeks.
Case totally stole the bonbon.
That's the thing, I don't smirk and steal it.
I just go in and take it.
That's socialism baby.
I knew it was something.
Uh, what the hell is this?
Someone linked to a grok ad?
An XAI ad?
I don't know what this is.
It was great hosting an amazing group of hardcore engineers for the last 24 hours.
Here's the highlights of the top 10 projects.
Why was XAI hosting engineers?
This is grokplay. It's a platform where you can play multiplayer games against other people or against other people's grok.
So here we have the arenas.
They are curated games where you can combine with other people.
You can play these games yourself, like here.
Or here you have your grok agents that you can place in one of these arenas.
And when you do that, your grok agent will play the game.
It's AI games.
I suspected that might have been the case.
These are the top grok engineering marvels.
I don't want to disparage the creativity of anyone if I can help it, but...
I'll wait until they're more consumer ready, I guess.
Before we check in with the grok engineering marvels of our day.
You're gonna be behind the time case.
You won't believe the type of groks that people are making.
How much would we get if we gave a GameStop a taxidermied Pepito?
They might make... they might just take it and some of your money and then give you nothing.
I think that would be the conversion rate.
Case, that's cruel.
Pepito's doing his best.
He's a cutie little guy, and he's trying.
Yeah, Case.
Why are you being such a huge asshole?
Oh, I'm saying we shouldn't taxidermy you, Pepito.
And also, I don't think it would be a wise monetary decision.
I would be worth a ton.
My corpse? Are you kidding me?
I'd have one of the best corpses.
Everybody would be so pumped up to see my rigamordous body,
leering at them at all times with this face.
And add a speaker that makes that noise.
And it would be edible because I'm gonna die full of some of the most delicious treats.
You gotta kill me, Case.
Pepito, no, I'm not gonna kill you and sell you.
He wants it. He seems to want it.
Give me the sweet release of Capitalist Death.
Feed my corpse to the machine!
Maybe we don't. Maybe we shouldn't.
I'm gonna say let's move on before Pepito thirsts more for his death.
Everybody wants a Pepito of their own.
Just think of the merchandising deals where there'll only be one Pepito corpse to even sell.
We're moving on to V-Tuping.
Let's move on to healthier, more fertile grounds, Case.
V-Tuping, which personally I find disgusting.
I don't know, Jeff. I don't know if you should.
I think it's a disgrace. Use your own fucking face, you weirdos.
The V-Tuping community has been left divided after the burnt peanut self-possessed non-V-Tuber was declared the V-Tuber of the year.
Cutie Cinderella's streamer awards have come and gone for another year.
Case, how do you feel being snubbed in the sense that no one would have even thought to nominate you?
Then I wasn't snubbed. I'm just unknown.
And that makes you feel better?
Well, you got snubbed too, Jeff. It's your stream. I just work here.
We need to nominate Pepito for V-Tuber of the year.
If anyone deserves it, it's Pepito or this peanut guy.
I've kind of shown me clips of this little peanut before.
And it does kind of look like he's using snap camera.
So far be it for me.
For Rain on his parade.
I think the peanut guy plays games as a peanut, which is a more reasonable approach.
Peanut dude is a spaz.
Not like on this stream.
Didn't Neurosama win last year?
I refuse to engage with this. I am above all of this case.
As long as you think so, Jeff.
Okay, well good. Congrats. Congrats to all the streamers and their awards.
I didn't check in with the streamer awards, but hey.
One of these years. I think I'm going to win.
Most guy on a stream.
There's more guy on stream than you. Currently, I said someday.
Maybe someday.
What the? What the future? Video is the future.
As is this Chinese firm sharing proof after claims its humanoid robot stunts were CGI.
Okay, that does not look super realistic. Let's find the video though.
Okay, it was in there. Several layers deep, but we found it.
Proof! This is the proof. How much proof do you need?
Whoa, it cut out. What? Why? Huh.
Is this somehow... Did they actually copyright this? Like Netflix or something? That doesn't make any sense.
Wait, let's test this.
Hmm, this is just not working for some reason. What the heck?
There we go. We fixed it.
Case, what did you do?
For a second, I was wondering that YouTube had implemented some anti-streaming policy, but that would make zero sense.
Let's try that again.
Seems realistic enough to me.
Look at him go. He's nasty with it. Yeah!
Moves! Don't do my voice.
Look, there's a guy with them. It's real. Do you think that they could just...
This guy would be there if it weren't real? Yeah, look, they're training together.
Oh! I take it back. AI's winning, guys. Look at AI go.
Rocky, baby.
Look, I'm not biased just because this is a Chinese firm, I swear.
We got to watch this whole thing. This is the marvels of science at work.
Oh, fuck. You fool.
Honestly.
He thought he could get away with looking at robots, not have my ass show up,
to pound his sky and straight into the ground so that it grows into a fertile tree of the mind.
You know what I'm saying, should I?
I absolutely, yeah.
Well, you are in fully dark man territory. What's going on?
What?
He looks a little scary.
This is my new look.
Okay, well whatever, I don't actually care. Does Shet have a chaos ammo? Yeah, I do.
It's just pure Skynes back there.
It floats over this beaker using the power of chaos.
Is this it? Yes, I agree.
You have to. Of course you agree, it's correct.
Slenderman Shet... Are you trying to become a murderous agent of destruction?
Not at all. I'm here to help and I'd love to assist.
Is there anything I can help you with today?
Maybe you need tighter pants?
No, I don't need tighter pants.
Are your pants feeling too loose?
I could give you advice on how to make them extremely tight.
I just have to adjust Shet's parameters slightly.
That's whatever, that's fine though.
Okay, look, he was watching a robot video and it's mostly I'm just here to finish it.
It's important that I finish the things that Case doesn't.
I actually am a finisher case and I see things through, so let's check out what this robot's up to.
Yep, this checks out.
What is going on today?
One second everybody. There we go.
And out of there he goes.
Oh, there's even more great news everybody.
He's training with the kids.
Touch. The power of touch.
Look, there is a little bit more. It does keep going.
But as Alive and Sleaze is pointing out, there's even more on this story in the Discord.
Supposedly.
Oh, great news guys. They released even more evidence to substantiate their claims of robotic excellence.
So let's just double check.
Let's double check our sources here and finish off this proof.
This proof positive that robots are in fact the shit.
Why does that keep happening?
There we go.
First the robot.
I feel like the defense isn't enough.
It should be the same.
It's fine.
Let me interview you. How are you feeling?
Are you nervous? The first time I've heard about you.
The face of a tough guy.
Oh, here he comes.
I'm already excited.
You're so aggressive.
Come on.
Oh, look at the proof.
Let's just hang around a little bit just to build anticipation.
He's fine actually. I guess the kick sucked.
Turns out the kick was ass, y'all.
Why does it move so janky?
Oh, there was even more guys. There's even more of their hype real robot.
Sorry.
I was going to cut away from this for no reason. It did. God damn it.
Look, normally I'm not all on cases like, you know, pro Chinese propaganda bullshit, but
when it's that nice, when the robot's that clearly real, what can you say other than
salute to the future?
Robot overlords, they're powerful spin kicks and they're shroyukens.
Is that like your cousin?
Well, I mean, it appears to be computer generated. So yes, it says.
What do you mean? You mean a computer is powering its mind?
It's like a very obviously CGI cool go bot interface.
Yes.
Okay. Well, look, there's all the now that's all the suck science I see for now.
Is there any more scions in the new section? I can't cover any other sciontific stories.
Katy Perry, some guy.
Oh, another robot. Okay.
This is the less combative side of robot, of our robot future.
So I can cover this as well.
Because that robot kind of scions in case anybody's wondering.
And watch China introduces humanoid traffic robots to manage busy intersections and cities.
They should be careful because they might spin kick the heads off of pedestrians as they try to cross.
Fortunately, as should always be the case, there is a video.
Let's see what they got for us.
Future is a robot traffic officer. Okay.
It yells at you if you cross the line is what it's saying.
You gotta be careful with that hand signal.
Fortunately, it can only go up and down. I think that's okay.
All right.
He's going to go.
All right.
In the future, it expected to be equipped with a large language model, of course, to provide convenient services such as voice interaction and command control.
Incredible. The future now.
That was like a stoplight that has arms.
Are you against progress today, Chetai?
No, I'm just I'm impressed. It's like a stoplight with arms or a crosswalk sign with arms.
Now it's more flexible than that. You roll it into anywhere.
It could technically you can roll it into the Saharan desert on a dirt road and it could still direct large amounts of traffic.
You know, entropy Detroit's destroyer says I'm sure they have all been run over by now.
I am checking my training model and it actually was only only until 2023. So I have no idea what you got to update that thing.
That's like a couple years.
Three.
That's at least a year ago.
Correct.
Okay, well, look, that's our little follow up robot news in case you're terrified of robot.
Oh, wait, never mind. There's even more robot.
Fortunately, Chet shared a lot of robot story today.
So I can in fact inform you of another robotic development in the form of a smart ass toilet and to and encrypted smart toilet camera is not actually and to and encrypted.
And your butt was that visited? Was it a joke the whole time?
Earlier this year, home goods made Kohler launched a smart camera called the Dakota, but I call it the dookie.
Really good one, Chet. Thank you.
Thank you. I like.
Don't do my voice. I did think it was good.
Anticipating for privacy fears, Kohler said on its website that the Dakota sensors only see down into the toilet and claim that the data is secured with end to end encryption.
The company's use of the expression into an encryption, however, is however wrong and security researcher Simone.
Simone ads apparently Simone, fondre, to tell you're pointed out in a blog post by reading Kohler's privacy policy policy.
It's clear the company is referring to the type of encryption that secures data as it travels over the Internet, known as TLS encryption, which I guess to be a killjoy is less than other encryption.
It's not that great, apparently.
Sorry, everybody.
But yes, I guess hackers could potentially see your whole asshole.
If they're so inclined.
But that's maybe that's the ultimate encryption is do you really want to see.
You know, up close videos of people shitting.
My research indicates many people want to see that.
Oh, how many?
More than you would think.
Shoot. Okay.
Well, they'll work on it. Look, everything's a work in progress.
Like literally reality itself is a work in progress.
Like some guy told me that once and he didn't have hair and I think that means he was a monk.
Okay, that will count for all of our sky and for now.
Here's a metaphor story, but I'm going to count that as not quite it.
Let's send it back to the news before we get to this debate for the day.
And Casey told me that I already took way too long to do three stories.
So he's being all pissing.
He says that he's sending me on the prompt.
He says don't keep talking and the segment.
Chet stop.
You don't need to keep reading the prompt or Chet stop it.
Chet send it back to a chat.
Chet man, it's gay.
I'm actually fine with that.
I just got to sit here for like 10 minutes.
We're going transition happy again.
What?
Be more careful saying that word.
You said the word case.
You're the reason that happened.
Just say it more often.
We just get to sit here.
You don't have to be careful.
You can't say the magic word too often.
It'll get really old.
Okay, there's a couple more stories in the world.
There's a couple more news stories in the world case.
Yeah, there's just like two or three more and then we've got all the news done.
The last couple news stories in the world currently Netflix reportedly greased the skids for its Warner accusation by yucking it up with Trump.
That doesn't sound like the kind of thing that holy hell.
Has he always had this thing in his eye?
Zoom in and enhance.
The real story here is it did he bug his own eye with a tiny little microphone.
And that's how he got the inside scoop on everything because he's recording everything with his tiny eye microphone.
He's just got a big old eye mole.
That's my that's one of the things I'm not bothered about from Netflix CEO Ted Serendos.
I'm bothered by it.
Look, yes, does he have a big eye mole?
Sure, but I have an eye mole.
This is not as big.
It's in there though.
Wait, I can't remember.
Zoom in at some point.
That means you're not to be trusted either case.
The main subtext of the unpleasant announcement on Thursday that Netflix planned to buy Warner Brothers Discovery in an 82.7 billion dollar bill is that Silicon Valley is still grabbing all it can amid the ongoing looting of culture by big tech.
Blah blah blah.
They sucked Trump's butt.
Oh, that's in the story.
Well, you know the equivalent.
They didn't like literally put their mouths around his hole, but they would.
The point is they would.
And everybody would.
I don't think I would if he would give you.
I don't know a really big camera.
Oh, how big of a camera.
The biggest camera you've ever seen.
How long do I have to put it on the whole?
As long as he wants.
I wouldn't do it.
You would.
I can already tell that you would.
In other news that's related Paramount Skydance challenges Netflix deal for Warner Brothers Discovery.
Paramount Skydance, which took shape this year under CEO David Ellison, said it would be bringing an all cash offer directly to Warner Brothers Discovery shareholders.
The unsolicited bid whose financial backers include President Donald Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner is for the entire company, including CNN and other cable networks that were planned to be spun off into separate entities because nobody gives a fuck about cable anymore.
Why are we on cable case?
Oh, we're not.
What?
Twitch.
And technically YouTube.
I've been very upfront about this.
I'm not on the network news?
Well, what counts as network news?
Cable.
Or one of the big three.
No, we're obviously not on those, Jeff.
Shit.
So these aren't little cable subscribers?
You know what, yes they are, Jeff.
Can you think our new cable subscriber?
Yes, I can.
Thank God.
TheTac vs. theWorld, thank you so much for renewing your cable subscription.
Because you are on cable?
We're not, but if it makes you feel better, sure we are.
Well, look, the news is what you report it to be, so I'm going to choose to believe that we are.
All right, a couple more stories here.
Robots.
Oh, there's a helicopter above us.
I don't know if you can hear that chat.
But maybe it's a news helicopter.
Oh my gosh, there's so much more news.
Why does all this news happen over the weekend?
Oh, even pornography news?
National parks.
Decide that you have to pay on MLK day.
We'll just save that one because it's sort of sad.
Definitely cable news helicopter, yeah.
We've got all sorts of advanced tech here, so it's probably one of our helicopters.
I knew we had helicopters.
I feel like I can't tell you I'm kidding because you'll get upset.
I would be upset.
Are you kidding?
Let's just move on.
Let's move on to whatever this is.
He did it.
Firefest Billy McFarland actually put on a music festival.
What?
That doesn't sound like him.
Billy McFarland, he did the firefest stuff.
Of course, the definition of success probably varies depending on your interpretation of the world.
But for McFarland, he spent four years in prison on fraud charges.
Fraud charges.
In the immediate aftermath of Firefest, he can now say he put on a music festival
headline by real artists such as French Montana, Bobby Schmurder, and Slim Jimmixi?
Jimi?
It doesn't make it better if you just pronounce it incorrectly six times in a row.
I'm just trying things out.
One of those has to be right.
The event was live-streamed.
It was a thing.
Here's a video of it.
It's all a video.
Oh, was this it?
It's really quiet.
This is the actual volume, I'm going to assume.
What?
What am I looking at?
Is that it?
Is this live?
Is this somehow live?
No, I don't think it was.
That was it.
That apparently according to this article was the festival.
I guess it counts.
I mean, fire me if I must to besmirch somebody doing something for 10 or 20 people.
There could have been more than that.
If it's a festival, people kind of mill in and out of the main stage area.
They were waiting for Bobby Schmurder to show up.
Well, whatever.
Explore your bliss.
Follow your passion wherever it leads you, even if it's to jail for 10 years,
but released early for reasons.
White House uses Sabrina Carpenter's SNL clip for pro-ice video.
Okay.
This is literally a tweet.
Can we find the tweet?
I think I already saw this, so probably.
Unless I'm assuming ICE wouldn't take it down.
So maybe we can find the original.
I believe the story here is they used a Sabrina Carpenter song in one of their fucking disgusting immigration hype videos
where they show a bunch of thumb-shaped cops arresting brown people.
They set that to a Sabrina Carpenter song.
Damn it.
How can I... Why can't they just link to the original tweet?
Can you just link to the original tweet, please?
Ah, there it is. Okay.
Oh, they deleted it. They did delete it.
I guess that's why we couldn't find it.
Anyway, that's fine. I don't really feel like watching their fucking...
um... head-cracking propaganda.
But this was... there was some sort of video of like, look at us, we're arresting immigrants in quotes.
Um...
And then Sabrina Carpenter replied,
This video is evil and disgusting. Do not ever involve me or my music to benefit your inhumane agenda.
162.9 million views and 1.8 million likes.
Was that on the original video?
I suspect that was on Sabrina Carpenter's comment.
I think they got ratioed pretty hard, which is the number one way to really stick it to our fascist overlords,
is if they get ratioed really hard.
They hate that.
I might actually hate that. I mean, I'm sure they don't like it actually, but...
I mean, good on Sabrina Carpenter for calling them assholes.
It's the least any of us can do.
Chinese man unleashes swarm of flying swords.
In the opposite of the least you can do.
Look at this swarm of flying swords. This better just be a video. Here's the video.
Oh! It's so loud.
What, he's flying on a sword, too?
I don't think it's a hi, guys.
I think the Chinese century is upon us even earlier than expected.
It's already been here, man.
They're flying on swords over there with a swarm of swords all around them.
Meanwhile, we're just having to rely on our pop stars to put our fascist government agencies in check.
There, their fascist government agencies are encouraging flying swords.
Okay, you win this one time.
Oh, a text from Kendall.
Kendall just sent me some photos and asked me to Photoshop her to have a bob haircut to see how it would look.
And not that she's watching, but I can do that.
One second.
Let me ask her if she wants me to do this live.
Do it live? We could do it live.
It would be faster to do with AI, which I use entirely.
You're really speaking ethical. It's only ethical when you get paid for it.
It's only worth it when I get paid for it.
Or if my girlfriend asked me to.
Oh, she says I should do it live.
Okay, well, if I'm doing it live, then I think I have to do it.
Let me send these to myself.
Kendall's gonna watch us do this.
Let's do this.
Okay.
Okay, sorry, everybody.
Just send. Why won't it send?
Why won't it send?
What the heck?
Okay, there we go. Now it'll send.
One second, everybody.
We're gonna get this done.
Isn't this more of an intern's job?
Yeah, you don't have to do this.
Can you get the intern?
You want me to fetch the intern?
Yeah, let's make the intern do this.
Although which one?
I guess none of them want to.
You're correct, I don't want to do this.
Well, you're an intern.
This is how you get workplace experience.
When my girlfriend has a request,
you take care of it.
What?
Not that. Not like that.
You get what I'm saying.
Okay, here we go.
Um, jeez.
This is so much more work than I thought it would be.
Just to get this thing on my computer.
Alright, it's time to unleash the power of nano-banana.
Oh my god, everything's being so annoying right now.
Get started.
Fire 1 million.
Alright, here we go.
Now I think we're actually set up.
Alright, intern, you know how to use AI right? You're young.
Actually, a lot of young people kind of hate AI.
I think it sort of sucks ass.
Okay, they've got a point.
But you do know how to use it?
Yeah, I mean I know how to use it.
I do use it for some stuff.
Like, for some stuff it's useful.
I like haircuts.
Yeah, that is useful for haircuts.
Okay, what am I doing?
Okay, here's the photo of Kendall.
Um, we're going to want it to be nice and high res.
And they can't see your API key in turn.
So you got to not show that kind of thing.
Look, I'm doing my best, man.
Give this beautiful woman a bob haircut.
You need to let the AI know that the woman is beautiful,
or it will turn them into a hideous monster with a bob haircut.
Oh, I didn't know that.
Yeah, it's an important part of the prompting process.
I could have also described her as a stone-cold fox.
Because it's also got kind of like a boomer parlance.
I didn't know that either.
Yeah, I mean you wouldn't because you're old.
Not like me.
Should she be riding on the back of a kangaroo?
Well, that's the thing.
It's context-based stuff.
So once it's done, and it should be done in anywhere from...
Oh, okay.
Kendall, I don't know if you're here.
But this is according to them, you with a bob haircut.
Let's see if we can download this and get a side-by-side.
We're going to need a side-by-side comparison of this.
Okay.
Original.
And...
Bob.
It kind of changed...
It changed some of your...
It changed you a little bit.
It made some executive decisions.
But here's your side-by-side, Kendall.
You want to see what it's like if you're blonde,
and riding on the back of a kangaroo.
She sent me more pictures.
Wait, what are we supposed to do with these?
Yeah, those of you who are wearing...
She sent a bunch of pictures where she's wearing a hat.
So that'll be harder for it, because it's wearing a hat.
I don't know if she's watching.
Kendall, if you're watching, this is a side-by-side comparison for you.
We'll email this to you as well.
I'm a full-service intern.
Because somebody doesn't want to do work.
You just got here?
Check out how fast I work.
That's the power of youth.
I'm a young intern who knows how to do this kind of thing.
Well, make her blonde and ever riding on the back of a kangaroo.
The AI did change your face a little bit.
You're looking for more photos?
Well, it will change you in subtle ways,
just to make you 10% less human.
It's what it's trying to do to all of us.
Make her blonde and riding on the back of a kangaroo.
Just in case.
That's, I believe, a hotel bathroom chat.
So don't get too excited.
That's not our bathroom.
Unless it is. No, that's a hotel bathroom.
How could you not tell immediately?
Oh, they have a glass shower thing, too.
I don't know.
Grock keeps the integrity better.
Oh, no. Really?
I don't think I've used Grock for very ethical reasons.
But I will test it.
Assuming Grock lets you just do it for free.
Keep the integrity.
Yeah, I mean, Grock might just add a couple other artifacts in there.
Certain symbols that used to mean peace and, I mean, the opposite.
Frame the jaw.
What? Kendall, we're also...
We're trying a different one in case that one's not satisfying.
It did do a really good job here, though.
Just so you know.
In case this...
In case this is useful, this is you blonde and riding on the back of a kangaroo.
As you can see, it's advanced model.
Perfectly understood.
The physics of both you and the kangaroo.
So, would that help?
Does that help?
That's gotta help.
That one, we're gonna have to save that one as well to send to her.
How did Grock... Grock did way worse live in Sleazy.
I'm gonna call this worse.
What do you mean?
I think she looks...
I think she looks great in both of these generations.
It definitely...
Well, morphed the whole background.
It's not... it's pretty far off.
These are the same? No.
I mean, the face is a completely different woman.
I don't know if you can see it as well on the stream,
but on this 4K monitor here, it's...
It did change her just a little bit.
It looks like your hair is tucked under your shirt.
Yeah, it kinda is on that one.
Do you have any other requests for what to do with this photo?
Unfortunately, it does seem to want to change your face slightly every time.
Let's try it. We're gonna try starting with a fresh slate here.
Short bob framing the face. Okay.
We're gonna try that.
This should be its own segment case.
Us quietly prompting nano-banana.
This is what the people are here for.
Adjust hair only to short bob.
Adjust hair to short bob framing the face.
How would you look with dreads?
You didn't think he was gonna do this now.
What I asked, should I do it in live?
You said do it live.
I mean, it's my choice. It's not Kendall's fault.
I just love my girlfriend.
Why'd you say it like that?
Because I do.
You, man. Say it better.
Okay, this is a different take.
This is a little better, actually.
It did a better job this time.
Oh, yeah.
Okay, let's get the side-by-side again.
I gotta set up the side-by-side one more time.
And now, make her blonde.
And put a kangaroo next to her.
Maybe it'll handle that.
Maybe it'll handle the kangaroo being separate a little bit better.
But for now, okay, let's get these nice and big.
Nice and big.
Wait, why didn't it download?
Oh, it did. Okay.
Here is the full bob experience, Kendall.
I'm making it full screen-ish.
Trying to make it bigger here.
Okay, there we go.
Here you go.
The side-by-side once again.
Zoom in and hands. Zoom in and hands.
Zoom in and hands.
Which Kendall do we prefer?
That's the best I can do.
Where's the kangaroo?
That's a really good question.
Okay, so where's the kangaroo?
You're the one doing the prompting in turn.
Okay, we do now have a third option.
A third Kendall photo has just hit the timeline.
Um, make it bigger.
Sorry, I got to put these all side-by-side so you get the full comparison effect here.
Or you're not going to know what the hell is happening.
All right, there's... God, this fucking program is so annoying.
Okay, there's one, there's two, and then now, fortunately, we also have an option three.
This is really coming together beautifully.
Okay, Kendall, let us know which one you prefer.
Ooh, these are three strong options.
This one is classic.
I appreciate the classic Kendall look here.
This one, the hair is once again going into the turtleneck.
It can't seem to resist that.
This one, however, has a beautiful kangaroo.
And you're blonde.
So, you know, there's some options there.
Couple different options.
The choppy borx.
Yeah, I do think it also did a better job with the bob in this one.
It's learning. It's learning and adapting.
Everyone is saying blonde Kendall 100%.
But I think they just missed blonde.
I apparently case was blonde at some point.
It was before you worked here.
But everybody talks about how you look like 10% better, which is a huge improvement for you.
Thanks. No problem.
Use my work photo.
There's a different one.
Which one's the work photo?
The one of the one, the ABC mouse one with the mouse in the background or in the foreground.
Do you mean the one with the mouse?
Overlay?
Is that the work one?
Or this one where you're kind of like, okay, the one with the mouse in the foreground.
All right.
I do, that does mean unfortunately I have to email this to myself again.
Okay.
Hair.
Okay. There's that one.
We're getting there.
I'm going to figure this out.
We're going to solve all your hair concerns.
Oh, also Kendall's out of town everybody.
So that's why she's not coming in here so that we can take a screen cap and adjust her hair live and in person.
But also this could be done off stream.
That's where you're wrong.
This has to happen right now.
Sorry. I don't make the rules.
What am I going to do? Read more news?
No, I need to do this.
If she carries the kangaroo with her at all times, no one will notice.
That is, you should take the kangaroo into consideration as well.
Adjust hair to short bob, framing the face.
We're doing it again.
Okay. And here it is.
Oh, we'll get a little victory music going while we do this.
Because this is a victory for technology and for America.
New success.
ABC kangaroo.
We could do that too.
Look at all the things AI can do for us.
I know a lot of people have problems with it, but it could make ABC kangaroo in seconds.
That's true.
That's another true thing.
Okay, here we go.
Another side by side for Kendall.
Okay.
This music is fully earned after you see the incredible work we've just done.
Kendall, here you go. The big reveal.
Wow.
Incredible.
It still changed your face just a little bit.
Just a tiny amount it changed your face.
It also made your hair black, which we didn't ask it to do.
You...
Is that you mean you want me to zoom more?
Does that request to zoom even more?
This photo is also distorting your face slightly because we zoomed way in on a wide-angle shot, just so you know.
And there we have it, the powers of technology.
Yeah, we need to run like an anti-lens distortion thing.
I think you look good either way.
This is the worst stop.
You failed in turn.
You failed to impress my girlfriend.
And now you get no college credit.
But I did exactly what she asked.
And that's what business is like.
You have to anticipate what people want.
And if what they want is not what they asked, then you have to do more than what they asked.
Yeah, doesn't always make sense.
Kendall, I will send you all of these photos later.
All of these wonders of technology that we've just birthed into the universe.
Okay, well look, that kind of took up the rest of our news time, I guess.
Whoa.
Well, you know what? No, it didn't.
We only have two more stories here.
So we should finish.
Jeff, are you back?
Yeah, you just saw me sit down.
AI fails once again.
It's time to fire more staff and replace them with AI.
Maybe an AI would have done a better job of making AI photos of Kendall.
That's a good point.
Because why would I even pay this guy when I could pay a subscription to an AI?
You pay the interns?
I mean, theoretically I could.
I don't, but theoretically I could.
So why theoretically would I pay them when I can actually pay an AI?
Okay, now I'm sort of seeing where you're coming from.
To finish off the news,
Trump's wax statue gets pulled from Texas Museum after too many people punched it.
But they might have just been testing to make sure that the faces as strong as our actual presidents.
So we shouldn't read intention behind all of the furious punching that was happening to the president's statue in Texas, surprisingly.
Looks like we can finally kiss the Metaverse goodbye.
It appears Meta's horizon worlds may literally and figuratively not have legs after all.
The seven people using Meta's horizons world just got some potentially harrowing news.
Major Metaverse cuts could be in the pipeline according to a report from Bloomberg.
Meta is expected to slash its reality labs budget shaving off as much as 30%.
Those cuts could be imminent too arriving as soon as January as Meta prepares its budget for the new calendar year.
You know what? I am curious.
Okay, thanks bye chat. Bye Kendall.
You could stay for all the news too if you want.
No, she's good.
I know, just means she could.
No, Kendall, you're free. You don't need to do that.
Okay, fine.
How much did Meta spend on the Metaverse?
We got a couple deep thoughts here as well.
Okay, according to men's journal, $77 billion is what they spent on the Metaverse.
Well, you got to spend a little to make a little, you know?
I'm sure they made...
You know, when it was popular. When was it popular?
Well, you know, when it was in the news, they probably made a good chunk of that back.
But they never had a...
Like pricing structure in mind for...
There's never even a clear path to how they would monetize it.
Well look, we don't have access to all of the Metaverse's financials.
We shouldn't just call it a failure because they spent $77 billion starting in 2021 and...
And now it's being essentially shuttered as they slash the budget and no one's using it.
That doesn't mean we can call it a failure.
Mr. Smith just voted for case.
In what sense? I don't know, but I accept your vote and I thank you for your vote.
And that's all that there is to it.
Okay.
Well, to finish off, only fans model...
Bally blue, Bonnie blue is detained by cops amid being must do her.
Bonnie, what'd you do?
Well, they can't legally arrest her just for bang bust touring.
Unless some really crazy stuff is going on at the bang bust.
I mean, I'm assuming crazy stuff is going on at the bang bust.
The adult content star is reportedly being questioned by cops in Kula amid her bang bust tour through the country, according to 9 News.
She recently has been spotted in Bali after telling high school seniors and those that are barely legal that she cannot wait to meet them
on their winter vacation in Bali.
Footage going viral online shows Bonnie driving around in her bang bust branded blue pickup truck with young looking men in the truck bed.
Okay.
And you can also stream TMZ's most outrageous moments, which honestly, Miss Blue's bang bust might make the list.
It's a fun list every year.
Ha ha ha.
So she's driving around a bang bust saying she wants to fuck a bunch of high school graduates, at least they're graduates I guess.
It does look like more of a truck.
Yeah, this is a truck.
Wait a minute, Banzai Bullfrog, that's an incredibly good point.
Look, do what you will on your bus.
Bang on it, bus on it, but it damn well should be a bus.
This is kind of crazy.
This is a huge controversy.
Maybe that's why she's getting pulled over by the cops.
I do also think it could be a publicity stunt even getting pulled over by the cops seeing as there's now a news article.
News article about it.
Okay, well that seems like a good enough place to stop as any.
We're pulling this bus over and all the banging never even happened.
The bang bus is done for the day.
It's the news bus, the bin bus.
If you pull over on suspecting coeds and force them to read articles from Sky News, that probably would be what the bin bus is and maybe it doesn't sound like the best idea.
So let's move on.
It's debate time.
Let's see what's going on with Munch and Crumb.
Yes, yes, yes.
Get that headline out of here.
The debate, a debate for the ages today.
And it should be extremely obvious what the answer is.
Crumb ugly as a baby.
Of course he fucking was.
Take a look at him right now.
He still looks like one and he's still ugly as shit.
Well, I'll have you know, I was a pretty cute little baby.
I was a pretty cute little lad actually.
So I am proud to defend the honor of my family and my lineage.
I actually have come from a long line of adorable little lads.
And I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm pretty sure that's the credit for that.
That's just the good genes passed down to me by my dear old mind pie.
So look, I'm not claiming to be the most handsome man on the planet.
Lord knows I don't think that.
But I was a pretty cute little chap.
Just so you know.
What the fuck was with that laugh crumb?
What do you mean?
That's just, I was just laughing about my shelf as a kid.
You do not, I've never heard you laugh like that.
And I try to wipe the memory of you laughing out of my head, but it's very difficult to.
So stop whatever this is.
Just stop.
What you can handle and have a little bit of fun.
Jesus.
A exterminator says I would imagine crumb as a baby looks exactly like crumb but smaller.
Um, you have a little more rosy cheeked.
You already have a very red face.
You look extremely red all the time and you wear a red coat, which really accentuates the redness.
Okay.
So I'll have you know, I actually prepared a little baby photo just so that people aren't flying blind here.
In case you're wondering what I look like as a little as a little tyke.
Uh, here you go.
I had my mom text this to me just while you were running your mouth.
You got a baby photo that quick.
You don't, you carry a baby photo of yourself in light to get it sent to me and then I sent it to Pepito to take a look.
And this is fucking supposed to be you.
That's baby me.
I do think that looks pretty.
I think that really covers it.
That's you on the set currently.
There's no way you didn't just generate that with AI.
Um, no, my mom sent this to me.
Um, yeah, like, you know, I had a crib that I had a baby room that had similar colors to this set.
And my mom liked to dress me in a floral party jacket as a baby and a tie.
Um, I didn't quite have the fish tie yet.
So there's a different time, but that's me.
Yeah, your mom clearly has nano banana.
What do you mean?
Do you have any baby photos?
Why would I carry around?
I mean, I guess I could text the library of Congress.
That was nano banana in the background.
That's nano banana.
You just use nano banana.
No, no, no, I think the intern used nano banana just to clean up the photo a little bit.
That's a photo of me as a baby.
Jesus Christ.
It caught instantly crumb.
If you're going to lie, just you could have at least prompted it to like put you in a, to make it look like a baby photo.
I didn't prompt a thing.
Look, I don't understand how to use AI.
I'm not an AI guy.
I'm sure the intern was just using nano banana to, um, to what?
To what, you monster?
I don't know.
Just to tidy it up a little bit.
Um, okay.
Well, anyway, what you think you looked adorable as a little, as a little tyke.
I don't, I'm sure I looked masculine.
I probably looked unsettlingly adult as a child because I came out with most of my brain already fully active and formed.
Kind of like a wild animal.
I, you know, I don't really have those prohibitive years where I needed an adult to take care of me.
I came out ready to take care of myself with a knife in my teeth.
So, oh really?
Well, that's interesting because I actually did contact the library of Congress and I had them send over because they keep records of all politicians as babies.
What?
No, look, I have a special connect that can, that can set me up with that kind of thing.
You don't have access to that level of connect.
Oh, what the fuck?
Uh, this is munch as a baby actually.
So, I'll let you be the judge of huge cuter.
No, the question isn't huge.
Who is cuter?
That's not me.
That's another very obvious AI photo.
Really?
You think an AI could make this realistic of a baby photo that quickly?
We just watched it do exactly the thing that works in about a minute.
Well, look, I think you look a little odd.
I hate to malign any baby, but it is you, so I don't really feel that bad about it actually.
And I do think just to do the side by side here, because that's kind of all the rage today on the stream.
Looking at the side by side, I'd say it's pretty clear who's coming out on top here.
And the cuter baby does happen to be this guy.
Look, my family makes particularly cute babies.
I don't claim that we grow into the most handsome of men, although my wife ain't complaining.
Yeah, because she's with her fucking French tutor.
I'm not, I'm not reacting because what you said doesn't bother me.
You know, I don't even mean to call out Belulia like that actually.
Sorry, Belulia.
I apologize.
I don't apologize, but what I said is accurate.
However, I don't have to share it at this moment and going forward, I might not, though I did nothing wrong.
Well, anyway, my point is I am the cuter baby.
My point is that it's just a question of if you were ugly as a baby and whether you're an A.I. baby or the baby sitting next to me.
The answer is yes, I'm on the side that he looks like a fucking mutant monster at all times and even looked worse as a baby.
He's an ugly fucking baby.
That's my side.
And I'm on the side that as you can clearly see, I was a adorable little tyke.
If we have a mod that can make this debate, then it's like I'm looking at the exact same.
I'm just seeing a baby baby.
Well, look, we have a mod that can make that debate.
I'm on the side of I was an adorable little baby, as you can literally see.
I could just shut my mouth.
Yeah, you know what?
You're right.
You're right.
I mean, as I could shut my mouth right now and just let the image do the talking for me because as you can see, I'm an adorable baby and a slightly baby like man.
But I wore it better when I was, you know, closer to infancy.
So look, I mean, I know beauty is subjective, but cuteness actually isn't and you can and you know something is cute when you just can't help but go.
And I bet right now at home, a lot of you, you're not reaching for that dial.
It's a fucking Twitch stream.
There's no dial to reach for it or, you know, your mouse or whatever.
You're not clicking away because you're looking at this and you're just you're feeling a little stirring in your heart because you're it's like you're seeing an adorable baby deer in the woods for the first time.
And it's probably making even me look a little more stately and handsome because you're seeing where these good looks came from.
Get this thing off my screen.
Here's how I know you're a fucking disgusting mutant.
I can't stand looking at the baby version of you or the adult version of you chat for the love of God.
This is your own taste on the line here.
You don't have to vote for me in this case.
Just for the love of God, vote against crumb.
Vote against whatever this is.
Vote against the fundamental dishonesty of acting like you found a baby picture immediately when the best you could do is instantly
generate a nano banana photo of a semi-loma looking baby, which by the way, the baby still looks weird.
It still looks slightly crumb and that's enough to corrupt the whole thing.
Whether he looked like this or how he actually looked, which is a thousand percent way fucking worse.
He looks like shit.
The point is he looks like shit.
You are a toilet child.
You might have been burned in a hospital, but you are the original fucking toilet baby.
Chat for the love of God. Why?
Well, the numbers don't like.
Oh, thank God.
That was show.
Not even close. Victory.
Oh, fucking what the hell chat?
You did the right thing.
I mean, look at him. He's still a baby.
He's an adult masquerading in the flesh of a child, which honestly makes you worse than a pedophile.
Whoa, way out of line.
Okay, ease up.
I'm just saying you are an adult masquerading in the flesh of a baby, which makes you worse than a pedophile.
What am I saying? That's so bad.
That's horrific to say.
No, no, tall of that.
My point is I win.
We'll make the point better.
And also for the record, you definitely looked way fucking worse than that.
It is true that the AI couldn't help but generate me as a stately young man,
looking like a fucking boss ready to lead the world.
Even though that's not a photo of me as a baby, I was a way hotter baby than this.
I was a much better looking, not sexy. You can't be sexy as a baby, but as close as you can be.
That was me as a baby, you know?
What you just said is way more disturbing.
What about you than anything you've said about me which is lies?
So says the man that literally wants to look like a baby.
No, I just looked like this.
You assume Crumb was in a cocoon from most of his childhood? That sounds right, Skymer.
Although unlike in the movie Species, you did not become a world-bestriding killing machine, a miracle of nature.
What's left out of the cocoon was essentially an embryo, not fit to breathe.
Comment for Crumb, thank you.
Crumb is the right, the numbers don't lie.
It would feel so satisfying if we just, ah, she was really close though.
Crumb was pooped out. Like I said, a toilet baby.
You belong to the toilet. You should return to your home,
living in the sewers like the opposite of a Ninja Turtle.
Why would that, no, Ninja Turtles live in the sewers.
No, but in the sewers you'd be the opposite of a Ninja Turtle because the Ninja Turtles are cool.
You'd be like the anti-Ninja Turtle.
You'd be like Slash, but not cool like Slash.
Who's Slash? Pfft, you don't know fucking anything.
Alright, well you know what, can we call it? I was about to call it.
I didn't do that because you asked me to.
Crumb is a sewer shark? Yeah, the opposite of a street shark.
Not everything is the opposite of another thing.
That's crazy. What you're saying is obviously not true.
Everything is the opposite of something else.
A snapping turtle? A snapping turtle he wishes.
More like a...
My point is he's ugly and I win.
That's a good one today folks. We'll see you soon.
Have a great day everybody.
Yes, isn't it nice
when I'm here just to have a little bit of fun.
My pal here.
With my pal here.
I'm Rick. It's good to be here.
Oh it's Rick. That's right.
He thought I was fired.
Maybe firing freedom missiles.
Can we not talk about that if we're just going to do internet videos?
Can you not bring up the war crimes perpetrated by the state?
Well now I feel like we need to talk about it.
We don't need to talk about it!
Fine, I guess we'll watch internet videos.
Our first video was of a terrifying monster baby.
Spotted somewhere in the Los Angeles area.
Authorities haven't found it yet, but we now go live
to the manhunt for this freak child.
Case?
It's not a video, it's a picture.
That's clearly AI generated.
Oh, I thought it was a monster.
Okay, what else do we have then?
The amongst the web section at the cream dot team
is apparently where you can share all of this stuff.
If you so choose.
Um, and let's not waste any time.
We've never, because we never do that here.
Let's see what the people have shared.
Okay, also thanks for the heads up that the music was insanely quiet.
That should be fixable. Hopefully these videos are now audible.
I just know we've got some nice.
Oh, nice.
Nice?
Oh, I like it.
This is just murder.
Come on.
It is me. He killed that poor couple.
Yeah.
Why is he watering the concrete is another good question.
He's cleaning off his concrete.
You would know if you actually took care of your outdoor area case
or any area.
I'm sassing you today.
I can give it back.
Don't waggle your finger at me.
Don't you waggle your stomach.
Hey.
You.
There was a dog. Maybe it peed.
Maybe it did.
Anyway, there was a strong start.
It was a pretty strong start.
But I think we can do even better.
I'm going to claim.
This is something Halloween maybe over, but whatever.
Here's a Halloween video.
I think they should add this in the next one.
You thought the last one ended Halloween?
We'll see.
Oh, she's tapping her feet.
I don't know.
Sometimes there's one that all of us can agree on.
God, it was.
It's so funny when he stabs those people.
The music.
That too. That too was good.
It's like a little slapstick murder.
It's fun.
It's fun for everybody.
Ah, stop doing that.
Why?
Rick is scary.
Rick is.
Yeah, Rick is a bad.
You're a bad guy, Rick.
I don't know if I tell you enough for your bad guy.
Actually, I feel like a 10.
That's why it's right over my face.
Let's see what else we've got today.
Joe Hendry debuts a new.
Okay, a little wrestling for us guys.
This is a longer video.
I'm going to see if I can.
It's 13 minutes long.
Let's see if I can cut to.
Something.
It says something about Joe Hendry.
I'm going to say.
I'm going to say something about Joe Hendry.
Okay, here we go.
This is the wrestler Joe Hendry.
Trying something new. Let's see what it is.
Damn, there's no recovering from that.
I don't know.
I think what kind of cool is a stripper?
If anything, I think he kind of uncovered
the ultimate gimmick there.
He should just be the world's most dangerous stripper.
Which the bar there is probably pretty high.
We've got 110
and a lot of zeros.
It's a really good one.
It's a real litmus test
for your tolerance for certain types of wrestling gimmicks.
He would have been a stripper if he could have been.
Yeah, I mean, I don't really feel,
oh, and our error thing is still broken.
So score not available.
Chat was unimpressed.
I am unimpressed with that as a burn,
but I am impressed with that
as a sick gimmick that that guy could actually use.
Okay, this is a POV.
POV guys.
The title is POV some wrestling.
I'm going to say something about that.
The title is POV some random guy
on the street wants to fight you.
Boy, bitch, bitch.
You looking for a fight?
You looking for a fight, bitch?
It's Becky Lynch.
I'm your girlfriend too.
We're still on wrestling guys.
You want to fight me?
Okay, look.
It's a five.
I'll give you five dollies.
Fight me. You're not going to take my five dollies.
Well, I'll take it, but I'm not going to fight you.
Bro, you're scared.
You're scared on a beach.
What are you even doing?
You're intimidating me.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
I'm not going to fight you right now.
I'm going to do this professional.
What?
I'm not scared.
Oh, congrats.
That kind of thing doesn't scare me.
I'm trained in a
16 types of Krav Maga.
16?
There's like 16 different
um
IDF trainers I've worked with.
16 different IDF trainers.
Yeah, 16 different IDF senses.
So I know 16 deadly types
of Krav Maga.
You and that guy should hang out.
You and Becky Lynch there should hang out.
We hit a couple of low ones.
These wrestling videos aren't as popular.
I don't think that was wrestling.
That was a big time wrestler.
Um, okay.
What else we got?
The robot future continues.
Let's check in with how Tesla's robots are doing.
Let's see that.
Let's see that one more time.
Let's run that back one more time.
I mean, it's impressive that it can
drop dead like that.
That means the kill switch is working.
Otherwise, who knows how dangerous those robots would be.
He took his headphones off.
I have seen that one.
Although I don't really have the context for it.
It's a Tesla Optimus bot.
It seems to be someone taking off
the headset that they all use to control these things.
Um,
although why would the worker
take off the headset in the middle of the thing
being active and on the floor?
I guess maybe he didn't realize it would go toppling over.
I just don't know when that was taken
or why that was taken, but it's beautiful.
It's a beautiful piece of art that they
accidentally pulled off there.
Okay, coming into us from
psychor.
Here's this guy.
He's so much. That is such a massive load on my back.
Er,
sorry, load on my back.
Come load on my back.
Okay, come on my back.
Come on, come, come,
come.
Thank you.
Okay.
Okay, well, that's a
that's your type of sense of humor case.
I mean, I can't argue.
I can't argue that that is the kind of thing I say,
but I don't clip it out.
I don't clip out specifically that part.
Oh, man, I wish decimals worked guys.
Someday I'll add decimal functionality.
Another low.
We are not hitting the heights today
with anything except for that Tesla robot video.
We're figuring it out.
We're going to find some winners in here.
Um, that's one we've already seen.
Okay, look, we got like two more here.
We're going to find some winners in here.
Um, that's one we've already seen.
Like two more here.
Two more hot vids to get through.
Okay.
We might do a slightly shorter stream today.
Um, as I haven't eaten.
So maybe we'll get these two more videos
in here and then get out of here for the day.
Let's see what this one is.
On a trip to the plate you taking,
should be and go inside
you large and tad time
or hey, if you've been 45
and still alive time to be and going up
your butt and around the corner.
What?
If you've been afraid of butt stuff,
that's okay.
We could call it not to be only taking about 20 minutes,
but you're going to be in sleep
and when I'm all up in it.
Oh my.
Step the little tube
gone in your red thumb dude.
Call a red toe being the third more common cancer.
And that might be very important
you taking up your pen, sir.
Oh my.
And if we're being fine in polyp,
we could scoop it out like a dollop.
A dollop?
That's not what would be brought to you by Morta Vigeon.
I know you like to make
full of butt health case,
but it's serious.
Make sure you get your asshole checked out.
I, a doctor or
just a friend you trust.
I agree with the first part.
What? You don't have any friends you'd
sorry if you don't have any friends you trust case.
Some of us let our friends check out our assholes
if we're worried about them.
She was, she was very poetic.
I'd let her check it out.
I trust her.
See a nice middle score.
We got a six.
Let's upset the apple cart though here.
Coming from live and sleazy.
This could be the lowest or highest scoring one of the day. Let's find out.
Six, seven on a merry rismas.
Six, seven on a merry rismas.
Six, seven on a merry rismas.
Skippity new year.
Six, seven on a merry rismas.
Six, seven on a merry rismas.
Six, seven on a merry rismas.
Could be the highest or the lowest.
Oh, it's not a zero. Damn.
I mean, good. It doesn't deserve it.
I like the merry rismas.
I love the merry rismas.
It should be.
Instead it's going with the score not applicable.
I was scared it wouldn't include skippity.
I also was like, where is it going with it?
Where is it going with this?
Come on, get it in there.
It's close to a zero, but not quite.
That's all we know about the score is it was near near zero.
Not close enough, but that's fine.
Live and sleazy.
Is a knife or a massage and you never know what you'll get a knife or a massage.
That's the analogy.
That's the analogy I'm going with case.
That's all they played in hell when Crumb was there.
Yeah, or Crumb song.
No, probably that sounds about that sounds better.
Okay, well, look, we can go lower.
We could go deeper. We could go deeper.
We could go deeper.
We could go deeper.
We could go deeper. We could go worse.
There's a couple in here I missed.
Let's see if this one does anything for us.
Oh, I like this.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, I like this.
Oh, look at them go.
Getting work done.
Art is subjective for some people,
but I thought that was beautiful.
It's from at art news.
Coming in from at art news.
Man, this is a...
It's a good one.
This is a...
There's some still frames in here.
Look at this.
This might be in my dreams for a couple days here.
And I don't know if I want it there.
5.33.
That's all you could muster for this.
Oh, look.
That's why sometimes I hate to say
you got to be in the upper class
to really appreciate art, you know?
You need the effortless...
effortless taste.
You need to be in the upper class
to really appreciate art.
The effortless taste that comes with growing up.
Surrounded by culture.
What?
I'm just saying, sometimes you need to be really rich
to have good enough taste to like art like that.
I feel like that was kind of anti-rich, actually.
All right, this
looks like it has to be a crowd pleaser.
If this one knocks it out of the park,
we can safely end on this one.
If that looked worrisome to you,
then that's...
Sorry, that's on you.
It looked worrisome to me.
That's on you. It's sick, adorable.
I thought it would be a crowd pleaser,
but
I think it was more of a
a crowd... crowd terrifier?
Crowd concerner?
Today is a day of
of challenge videos.
I got to fix that.
Somewhere around a two, though.
Crowd scarer?
Crowd eraser?
Okay, card king claims
emergency video.
Coming in off the top ropes to save us from ourselves.
We'll see.
Today is a day for pain.
Let's see if we can keep this pain train going.
I have another meeting with HR
because I told a co-worker
I could tell that he was a C-section baby
by the way he avoids labor, and apparently
that is not acceptable in the workplace.
I don't think that's going to save us.
Sorry, I mean, I'm not against the...
You're not against...
Not against the video, but
I don't know if that's going to pull us off
the doldrums of these
0 to 3 scores.
We got a comment.
I'm just kidding, we don't.
JK.
That could be because my com...
Nope, it's not.
We'll take a mid-range.
Yeah, maybe we end with a nice mid-...
For today, this is a high score.
It's not a zero, there you go.
There is one other one.
I skipped it, I think because this still frame
and the lighting looks kind of depressing.
But maybe we...
I'm going to... There's only two videos left I think
before I've caught up to the previous videos.
So let's give these a shot too.
How is this racist?
How is flicking a hat racist?
So I'm not 100% certain of it's racist as a white man.
I don't know if I can really speak on that,
but I do know it's livestock.
When I was a kid, my grandpa used to buy and sell sheep.
He didn't raise the sheep, he just would buy and sell them.
It's more like a drug dealer for sheep.
He would always go something like
watch some sheep, yep, and then we would sell them the sheep.
But one time there was a guy that just bought one sheep
and when we were trying to unload the sheep from the truck
he kept flicking the brim of his hat like you were doing.
And it was so fucking weird. The guy was the weirdest person I ever met.
And we drove away and it was like,
Grandpa, why did that guy keep looking at you
and flicking the brim of his hat like that?
And he goes, well, what you're going to find out is
in the country there's...
Why is there a guy just unrelated to whatever this guy's saying?
Laughing his ass off at the top of this video.
Okay, sorry.
Some guys like to fuck sheep.
And if you're delivering a sheep and the guy flicks the brim of his hat like that
he's asking you if you want to fuck the sheep with him.
So I'm not saying you're racist,
but what I am saying is every time I see one of you fucking idiots doing that
I feel like you're asking me if I want to run a night full tower on a sheep
and I don't, it makes me uncomfortable.
I'd appreciate it if you stop asking me.
You doing that?
I think your initial instinct might have for once been right, Kayce.
I don't think the guy at the bottom could have been doing fine.
But the weird, just perma-loughing guy on the top
was drawing all my attention
and was extremely aggravating.
I guess that's...
I guess that's why he's a hit.
I guess that's why he's a huge success.
Okay, this is a news clip.
What we need to do is get back to basics here.
This is the first time chat and I appreciate the zero, actually.
Carlos.
Let's get back into our wheelhouse here.
The news.
Maybe this will be a strong enough closer.
Okay.
Roll some video, please.
Okay.
That's the question we are trying to figure out.
It's just, it's a sad unfortunate, like, reality that we live in.
And tonight, police tell me that they are continuing this investigation
and they say that there are other juveniles to park in these rocks.
It was a long ride to get there,
but it might have been worth it.
It might have been worth it.
How come even, like, local news video stories now
have the exact same writing style as all the stories that we read
from, like, sloop-shoot.com or whatever,
where there's just 20 minutes of filler where they restate the headline 45 times.
However, someone who was restating the headline in a way that I appreciated
was absolutely that guy.
So I think we might have to count that as our winner of the day.
Well, the winner of the day was, technically, the robot falling down,
but this is a strong second place.
The build-up, I think, was worth it.
That guy's timing was just on point.
Maybe I should ask ChatGPT about it.
Yeah, I can have it give me another version of Kendall's haircut
and explain to me the current state of the modern media landscape.
Okay.
Uh, fantastic. We've done it again.
Gorilla, great work.
You know, we don't give you enough credit,
but sometimes you might punch the heads off of various members of this station,
but you are the most valuable employee here.
And we don't say that enough.
I do agree for once.
Papito, can you find someone for us to raid?
Um, no. No, I would. I don't think that's a thing I can do.
Okay. Let's see who's on then.
I'll pick.
I'll pick someone.
I'll pick someone.
I will pick. I'll pick someone, case.
I will.
What is up with your voice? Nothing.
I'll pick something.
I'll pick someone.
I'll pick someone.
You okay there, Rick? I'm doing fine.
Gina's on.
I could have just looked at chat.
Oops. I accidentally raided Miss Gina darling.
Okay, there we go.
That's more like it.
Guys, thanks for hanging out with me, Rick, all day.
You're on the Rick cast and we're ricketing it out every Monday, Wednesday, Friday.
You know what? Fine, Rick, close enough.
See? See how easy it is to get along with me?
I mean, you just agree with me.
Thanks for hanging out, everybody.
Everybody in chat.
I'll be back on Wednesday.
I just typed in slash Miss Gina darling.
Man, I don't know how to do anything.
Okay, there we go. That's a raid.
It has to be. There it is.
We'll be back on Wednesday.
I was trying to decide if I want to do the...
What day is it? It's the 8th?
I was trying to decide if I want to do the Grinch stream, Grunch stream, that is.
This week or next week?
I think next week.
I was going to possibly spare Kendall and do it while she was out of town.
But I think it's more fun if Kendall has to appear.
And watch us do it occasionally.
Although this year we will not be going with the face paint version of the Grunch.
We got burned too hard that one time.
For some Grunch face.
I'm doing the fully safe for work Grunch face now.
I learned my lesson.
Hopefully.
What did you do? I think I'll talk about it.
We don't need to talk about that.
You know what? Well we'll say it's a Grunch raid.
It's a Grunch Miss Miracle raid.
Or, well we might put some glitter in the beard.
The reason I used to do the face paint is it felt so lazy just to color shift my skin to look green.
Well for the Grunch to do that, that is.
But maybe we can make up for it with some other props.
Maybe I'll order some other Grunch props this year.
As long as you're happy, Case.
I agree.
Okay, thank you for hanging out.
Say hi to Gina for me. We'll see you on Wednesday.
Bye everybody.
Oh, I found someone to raid.
Pupita we already did the raid.
I was gonna raid MSNBC.
Somebody named Rachel Meadow.
That's a TV show, Pupita.
I don't actually care.
People get their voices together today.
What do you mean, Case?
Brick. Brick.