I'm Pepita, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Close your eyes, Cardi.
Imagine a giant wooden bowl, with a giant wooden spoon.
Now imagine, are your eyes closed?
Imagine mac and cheese inside a wood, it's wood, it's brown, it's like a brown wooden bowl.
But like, think of it as like a mixed wood.
It's like got some like light woods in there, you got some dark woods in there.
It's beautifully glossed straight from a beautiful oak tree and the spoon, same tree from the roots.
It's beautifully glossed, okay?
Now think, no, no, it's beautifully glossed, it's beautifully glossed, super smooth, okay?
Okay, imagine the mac and cheese, we're losing the plot here, guys.
Imagine mac and cheese in the bowl.
Oh god, in case it's here.
Hello everybody!
Had to get my fish tie on at the last second.
Almost looked totally unprofessional, like a frickin idiot.
Good to see everybody, we're going to the movies today.
Who knows what kind of trailers we got, we only watched one last time.
A ten minute teaser.
Good to see you all, Commander Gabb, Apple Dapple, Skymer, Card King, Propaganda, Live and Sleazy,
The Master Mod, maybe Sabrichi's in here somewhere too, S1000, Ray Silva, Tasty Zero, Sabrichi IC, the Papino Mimos now.
And many more, possibly.
Also Kendall's right here.
She's jumping off, saying the wrong things, she's got a pop like a cough, a luke, queen, crack, shout, whip, the grin, that yuck, that soul, she eats the wind.
Why? Because her name is what?
Kendall?
Name is what?
Kendall.
Her name is what?
Kendall.
What's her name?
Kendall.
Yeah.
Okay, she's done. She stopped.
Somebody already noticed, exclamation point idea, and you can add ideas for this YouTube project I want to do with my sketch group.
Basically, we're going to make videos where we pull an idea out of a hat and then we make the perfect TikTok,
but we're going to document our process.
Because there's no such thing as a bad idea, there's only bad execution.
So you can give us any idea at all.
If it's racist or crazy in a way that might hurt me or some of the otherists, I probably won't use it.
But most ideas will absolutely go in.
An example, one would have required me to chug piss.
So I did take that idea off the table.
Most ideas related to piss that don't involve me chugging it, I am open to.
And this is perfect, because we're at about 50 ideas right now.
And I'd love to have, honestly, 100 plus.
Eventually we could have thousands of ideas we're pulling from this hat.
Unless you think I haven't already taken some steps, guys.
This is the 50 ideas we already got.
All ready to go into the hat. I'll fold it up and print it.
I thought you took out cocaine for a second.
This is the cocaine that I snorted earlier.
That's why I'm so full of energy.
It might not look quite right, but I don't have money, so I couldn't get good cocaine.
It's true that drugs are shit.
Are these drugs, no.
It's affected in a Ziploc bag.
I guess if anything, it could be acid.
That could be like tabs inside little folded papers.
Let's give you guys an example of what we could pull.
But it's going back in, so this doesn't count.
I'll probably pull the ideas out on Monday.
From Tasty, here's an idea.
The best way to eat corn.
So if that was what I pulled for the video property, it won't focus right now.
Don't look at my face. Look at the paper.
Look at the paper.
Oh, it doesn't like focus.
I could change the mode.
It's from Tasty.
And it's the best way to eat corn.
You probably can't read it, but anyway, that's how it'll work.
I'll pull the ideas live on stream.
We'll probably pull three.
And then we'll get to work.
It'll probably take me like a good month or two to make all three videos.
But then, the idea is a little expansive.
We're going to try to blow these tiktoks out.
Super involved.
Yeah, it's a little involved.
Could sort of take up all my free time.
But what does that ever stop me from doing anything that probably won't work before?
Guys, we already have...
What ideas do we have?
Are they working?
I'm going to close this and reopen it.
It's not actually being added.
Then I'll have to go back through the chat and add it myself.
It should be unfortunate.
Looks like they are being added.
Thick Thok on the clock from Lady Citrix was indeed just added.
Create a new country from Love the Hate.
Redubba Kung Fu movie.
That's pretty fun.
Breathe in.
Obey in Worcestershire Sauce.
Papito wraps about all the kinds of cheese.
That's kind of an easy one.
I have to make a whole video about it.
It could be a challenge.
Exterminators could get you in jail.
Pretend to be JD Vance having sex with a couch.
I think that's the kind of one we can take though,
because we can discuss how to do it in a way that won't put us in jail.
And then you end up not doing it?
Well, we have to honor the original suggestion.
We just have to do it in a way that it becomes a viral tiktok.
I think that's the theme.
Is there something on my face?
Is there something on my face?
I got it.
I didn't get it. What even is it?
Oh, I see it.
Oh, you're right.
Now that I'm not in 4K, you guys probably couldn't even see.
The ideas are absolutely pouring in, guys.
And I do, in fact, love to see it.
Let's see how many we're up to now.
Yes, do you want to reload it?
Yes.
We're already 37 ideas in.
So we're getting there.
We just need 13 more and we're at 100.
And then everything else, bonus.
We could end up with hundreds of perfect tiktok ideas.
Okay.
Thanks again for all your help.
Also, I'm assuming if you're submitting the idea,
I do have permission to use it.
I will credit everyone who submitted an idea with their name.
There's about 50 ideas in there that I got off Twitter,
like three years ago.
And I can't find the thread, so I will credit those people
if we pull one of those ideas.
But everyone else is anonymous.
Mary Kendall, it'll go on.
It'll go on the list.
But that kind of move up the perspective date.
Oh, yeah.
Although it just has to be a tiktok.
And it just has to honor the suggestion.
Yeah.
So maybe it'd be the perfect way to fake a marriage for tiktok.
Even though it's someone that I, spoiler alert,
probably, I'm gonna actually marry.
Expressing glands?
I'm excited for that one if I pull it.
Karaoke?
Just karaoke.
I'm starting to think I should turn this hmm down slightly.
No, actually, I don't think I should.
Hmm.
Okay, maybe I'll turn it down just a little bit.
I love it, but I get the feeling I'll probably be reacting to it
all stream long because I can't help myself.
Okay, okay, we'll just docket down to 50% volume and see if that's...
If that's easier on me.
Yeah, see, I can barely even notice that.
All right, well, while these hmms are blasting off,
I say we get into some news.
Why not? It's news time.
It's still your assignment.
Don't let them take it from you.
Hmm, I just had an idea.
What if the greatest person on this stream is on it?
That's me. It's Big Cheddar. It's good to see everybody.
Good to see you. Cheddar, thank you for being here.
I feel fucking sauced up today.
Hmm, I feel like I'm full of sauce.
And it's a thick meaty sauce.
And it's got a lot of basil in it.
It's tasty.
Okay, I feel taller than you today too.
I think that's a win.
Yeah, you might be.
See if I can fix that.
Let's see if I can get taller.
Check this shit out, Chad.
Boom, huh?
I'm still taller.
I'm just a relief. I'm lean back in my seat.
Thank you all for these ideas.
That case is planning to steal,
to turn into some TikTok abomination.
Do I have that correct? Yeah, you have that pretty much right.
Hmm, sounds like an idea to me.
Thank you. We're already up to...
What's the idea count at?
In case you close the idea jar already.
The ideas are up to 57 ideas have already flooded.
The great collective consciousness.
That is whatever this stream is.
So keep them coming. Let's see if we can overload case.
Let's try to blow up his brain like a fembot
in the seminal documentary, Austin Powers.
Documentary? It documented what would happen
if babes were just that turned on.
Robot babes. I remember the scene.
Talking about when the robot babes' heads explode.
I remember. I'm referencing the scene from Austin Powers.
I know. Just to clarify.
Fuckabogic?
Oh yeah, you have your own.
You have your own little guy. That's so fun for you.
I'll tell you what's maybe not fun.
That's when you don't pay your debts
and the whole world gets so fucking pissed at you
that they decide the economy needs to be killed.
And apparently that is what has happened today.
What has happened is that the economy is bad now.
The US...
Shit, I forgot to pull up an image.
I need an image.
I need an image.
Show me this.
Boom.
Turn this shit off.
It's news time.
I will handle it.
Moodies.
And they're in a freaking mood apparently
because they've pushed the US out
of top triple A rating club
citing rising debt.
But if anything, I think this makes the United States
more relatable than ever
and everybody loves a relatable protagonist
to rule the world.
So I think this could be positive.
I think it's probably bad.
Again, I'm not an economist. What's bad about it?
Well, technically aren't we supposed to kind of,
you know, be like the global leader in finance?
Yeah, and plenty of people have bad finances.
So we're leading the way in that.
Hmm.
Hmm. Hmm.
Now I don't find it distracting.
If anything, every time I hear that noise, it makes me think.
Which honestly, I don't do that often on this stream.
You don't say. I don't know what I actually just said.
I wasn't thinking about it. Okay.
Let's get into it. And thank you for all these ideas.
Every time they pour in an angel goes, hmm.
And that's what that sound effect comes from.
Oh, it's an angel. Yeah, it's an angel making that noise.
Moody's downgraded the US sovereign credit rating on Friday
due to concerns about the sustainability of its growing
$36 trillion debt pile in a surprise move
that could complicate President Donald Trump's efforts
to cut taxes and send ripples through the global markets.
Moody's the last of the three major credit agencies
that maintained the top triple A rating for America.
Downgraded it by one notch to A, A1, A1?
Ripples.
I'm not him. If anything, it's sending Chets
through the moneyverse.
You have to compete over your name being in a story.
My name's probably somewhere in this story.
I'm just as good as Jeff. I didn't know you guys were competing.
I didn't know you guys were competing either, but now I feel like we are.
Thank you again for all these ideas. I do want to check in with these ideas real quick.
It's a little confusing if we keep interrupting the story.
It is a little confusing case.
And that's okay. It's a complex world.
We're getting a million fucking banger ideas such as Shaggy,
who just sent us go to a heavy petting zoo.
A heavy petting zoo. Oh, no.
Is that just a brothel?
Maybe it's just fat animals case.
It's the kind of thing you have to sort out when you make the video.
That's a good point. It is a good point. I'm full of them.
Exterminator sent us. See how many hot dogs you can fit in your mouth.
What is the upper limit? Depends on the mouth size.
I have a huge mouth. Hmm.
But I have to make the video, but I do have a huge mouth.
See? Mine's almost as big. Yours is smaller.
Lady Satric said, see how many... Oh, that was...
Lady Satric's and exterminator both sent the same idea.
See how many hot dogs you can fit in your mouth? See how many hot dogs you can fit in your back mouth?
You're fucking asshole.
You talking about your fucking butt?
You got to fix that zoom. It's off.
In your butt? There we go. I just got to lean over for it.
Hmm. Yes, they do mean your butt.
Do a pole dancing class from Lady Satric's from exterminator.
Invest in Tesla stock. A TikTok just about investing in Tesla stock.
And maybe just the feelings that it gives you. I think it's been up.
Or down. Don't spoil it. I have to make a TikTok about it.
Sabrichi said, how to shave your chest here with a hatchet the way God intended.
There's a lot in there because we can also talk about sort of the theological rationale
between a hatchet and behind a hatchet being the way to shave your chest.
The rationale is it's fucking sick and great idea.
Royal Rainbow says, cases therapist discovers that he's been doing what he's been doing on stream.
One's a little inside baseball. It's inside therapy actually case.
Skymer says, vacuum wedding.
Hmm. That one's intriguing to me.
There's a lot of ways we could take that one. Divorce Kendall from Card King.
I have to marry and then divorce Kendall or just divorce her.
Figure it out. Mr. Smith says, how to ask a coworker to star in my only fans
without getting reported to HR. That one could be slightly triggering for certain people or person.
Hmm. Ray Silva says, a case intervention.
The characters from his stream aren't real.
What characters are they talking about?
Probably what I talked to like the talking like rats and goldfish and stuff.
Those people are all real.
You hope crumbs are real. Me too. That'd be so be such a relief.
We'd all be relieved by that one.
These are all great guys. Keep them coming.
We're up to even more ideas now.
85 fresh ideas.
Some will be cut if I find them offensive.
If you find them offensive, I will be doing a pass on this.
Much like the FBI does a pass on certain movie films or the military if they provided planes to it.
Hmm. I will be doing a censorship cut because I've involved myself in this process now.
Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm.
Maybe you should turn that down just a little more.
Hmm. Hmm. If you hate fun noises, maybe.
We're gonna try it at 20% and we'll just see how that does.
Hmm. I'm gonna just make the noise anyway.
You're the one who asked me to turn it down.
I'm trying to cover the news is the main reason.
I have more to read.
Oh yeah. The credit dropped. The credit has been dropped and not like it's hot.
Like it's cold. Cold credit. It's a cold day for credit.
Moody's was the last one that thought we were still fucking beautiful money gods
and they've dongerated us to money Hercules, half gods if you will.
There's a different name for that. Yeah, they're called Hercules when they're half gods.
Successive US administrations in Congress have failed to agree on measures to reverse the trend of large financial deficits and growing interest costs.
Moody said on a Friday as it changed its outlook on the US from stable to negative.
Stephen Moore, former senior economic advisor to Trump and economized at Haritaj Foundation, however called the move outrageous.
And that's our national heritage and our own foundation for it.
You mean the Koch Brothers founded Heritage Foundation? What's more American than Koch?
You do. It's not the Koch you're thinking of.
How do you know what Koch I'm thinking of?
You know the Koch Brothers in my head are Koch, Akola and Koch.
And when they combine into one magical evening, there's no telling what you might get up to.
We can't encourage drug use on the stream. I'm not encouraging anything.
Just spitting facts.
If a US-backed government bond isn't triple A asset, then what IS said the Heritage Foundation guy?
White House Communications Director Stephen Chang.
Chung? I don't know. You might have said it totally wrong.
Chung? I don't read well. I know.
Reacted to the downgrade via a social media post.
Singling out Moody's economist Mark Zandi? I don't know. You're the one reading the prompter.
You read it then. I'm pretty sure it's Zandi.
He called Zandi a political opponent of US President, D.E. Ennald Trump.
Nobody takes his enalysis seriously. He has been proven wrong time and time again,
said Chung. The Treasury Department did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Since his return to the White House on January 20th, Trump has said he would balance the budget
while his Treasury Secretary, Scott Desent, has repeatedly said the current administration
aims to lower US government costs.
And now we're broke so everything's cheaper. We gotta do cheap shit now because we're fucking broke.
We were only downgraded by one spot. We're supposed to be number one.
And now we're number zero. We're fucking broke.
Gotta start shopping at the dollar store only as a nation.
It's like when everybody had to send their pantyhose in.
So start sending your pantyhose to the White House. We all need to buckle up.
And guess who's here?
Shit. Who's that walking over here?
Kendall says I need to watch a video that she just sent me on Discord.
I just need to also first do a second.
What the f-
I don't know if I can watch this, Kendall. I can watch it.
Trust me. You can watch it. You can watch it.
Hey guys.
Handy Andy down here to-
Alright guys.
Hey guys.
Woo!
Hey guys.
Oh my gosh, TikTok.
Hey guys.
Hey guys.
Okay. That's as good as we're gonna get, I guess.
Uh, what am I doing? I need you to watch a video real quick, Chad.
Are we banned? Are we banned?
Hurry up! Hey!
What?
Please, for the love of God, press play.
Oh.
Guys. Handy Andy down here to discover aquatic shop.
What has Kendall done?
Who's just a starfish?
Or it was five penises taped together.
In which case, we're banned.
It was a Frankenpenis.
No, it was a starfish. We're not banned.
Can you prove that it was a starfish?
Hey guys.
Look at this thing.
Stop showing it like this.
I'm- you're banned, Kase.
Stop showing it then. You're in trouble.
I'm not in trouble. It's a starfish. See, look.
It's Handy Andy down here to discover aquatic shop.
Or it's a hot dog?
Is a starfish a sandwich? Okay, let's not get into this.
That's a dick.
It is actually a starfish. Don't worry.
Hmm. Hmm.
Let's see what other ideas have been pouring in.
Um, Melody Von Torture says just go fishing.
Alright.
Love to hate fine-buried treasure.
Commander Gev teaching history using Yu-Gi-Oh cards.
That one's pretty clever.
That could be fun.
That could be fun.
That could be fun.
Add options now.
What did we just see?
Exclamation point O is how you send me some options chat.
My pick is starfish, because that's the one that won't get me in trouble.
And conveniently, what it actually was.
And my choice is five dicks tapped, you know, taped together
by Skynes.
And I can say that because I'm the only host of the second.
Cock don, genital splits, cock again, and Patrick Starr's O.E. fans.
Okay, that's the fifth one.
I'm updating my vote from penis taped together to that.
Yeah, in real life, he's a little less appealing.
That's like when they show the AI real version of a cartoon,
and it's just all fucked up.
Yes, I guess it is like that.
It's exactly like that.
I don't like having this on my screen.
It popped up for me on my six-pack, and I was like, why?
This is not my usual thing.
I mean, thanks for the tip.
We need tips.
We also need financial tips to transition back into the story.
Before you do, with 21 votes, that might be the most votes we've ever gotten.
Patrick Starr's O.E. fans, a unanimous 21.
Well deserved.
We really brought everybody out of retirement for that one.
When you have a banger of a response, that's just what it deserves, baby.
Who is that courtesy of?
Card King?
Salute.
The Rick-style salute.
Bent-ass wrist?
Boom.
The Odeon Nova didn't quite make it out of the lift.
Ska-Pakulov, thank you so much.
For the 15 months, the news has been battling you,
and you just fought back again.
That's not how you fight.
You fight back by subscribing to this.
Okay, what were we talking about?
The news case, which is bad, I guess.
The administration's attempts to raise revenue and cut spending
have so far failed to persuade investors.
Trump's attempts to cut spending through land must department of guvrim inefficiency
has fallen far short of its initial goals.
And attempts to raise revenue through tariffs have sparked concerns about a trade war
and a global slowdown and a collapse of all the money.
All the money might fall down.
Have you ever seen the film Batman v. the Joker?
You mean The Dark Knight?
Hmm.
I'm pretty sure it's called Batman v. Joker.
They put a guy on a big stack of money, and then they set it on fire.
And right now, all of us are the Chinese guy on that stack of money.
And we're hoping that the money fighter doesn't burn us.
That's my analysis.
You mean Batman v. the John-Clar?
Mike OTR, thank you.
I forgot that in that film he's called the John-Clar.
Oh yeah, I forgot that.
I forgot that they insisted that they changed the name to the John-Clar.
Yeah, Heath Ledger was an artist, and he said,
I want one of my own unique stamp on this.
And that's why it was renamed the John-Clar.
That's my favorite villain is the John-Clar.
Me too.
We're in agreement for once.
Let's get down to business, though.
Of news, okay?
The news is that the Dom Grade, which came after market close,
is costing yields of treasury bonds higher.
Well, that could be good, I guess.
And they lists said it could give investors a pause
when markets reopen for regular trading on Monday.
Very surprising.
This is big.
Markets were not expecting it at all.
Said Tom D. Galoma, managing director of the Rates and Trading
at Michler Financial in Utah.
A man beyond his years.
Indeed, Mike.
Keep us warm.
Oh, yeah, maybe.
Save on heating costs, because that shit's getting expensive.
My utilities, man, are fucking nuts.
Granted, I tried to make my own sauna by buying eight space heaters
and just putting them around my sink.
And then I'll get nude.
I'll sit on my sink.
I'll turn on eight space heaters at once while running the faucet.
So far it has not created as much steam as I suspected,
but I think eventually I could make my own do-it-yourself sauna.
Add that to the TikTok list.
Chat, how is that supposed to work?
Heat plus water equals sauna.
Dummy.
It's been too long that we've relied on little coals and stuff.
We got to upgrade the technology to be kitchen applicable.
And these are the kinds of cost-saving measures
we're all going to have to make now that we're broke as shit, dude.
OK.
Is that all you have to say to me?
What do you want me to say to you?
It's a bad idea.
Oh my god, case.
There's no bad ideas in kitchen brainstorming to make saunas.
All right, fine.
I'm glad you're trying, but you're going to end up hurting yourself.
Not if the cords don't get in the water.
Back to business.
The Don Gate grade came as the tax bill failed to clear a key procedural hurdle,
that being Trump's tax bill, which apparently is bad.
It's not passing.
It's not passing.
And you know, it's predicated on cuts that are unlikely to happen.
As hardline Republicans demanding deeper spending cuts
blocked the measure in a rare political setback for the Republican president in
Congress, Moody said to find a fiscal proposal under considerations
were unlikely to lead to a sustained multi-year reduction in deficits
and that estimated the federal debt burden would rise to about 134% of GDP by 2035,
compared with 9% to 8% in 2024.
Well, here's my question.
This is an open question.
Can we just pretend the debt doesn't exist?
I mean, I'm for that.
So what's holding us back?
Well, I mean, a lot of the debt is bonds that we have to pay interest on,
or I think if we don't make interest payments, then all the people backing
these bonds would lose their value and the global economy would collapse, I think.
Hmm.
That can't be right.
I think, I think unfortunately, even though on some level,
I feel like the United States could just be like, fuck the debt.
We got military bases everywhere.
Money is what we say it is.
I think that would have some consequences.
Hmm.
But what if our new financial policy is just fuck around and find out?
Because that's fun to say.
And it's F-A-A-F.
That almost sounds like a financial regulatory system.
So we just call it the new FAAF policy.
FAAF-O, FAFO, fuck around and find out.
We just say that that doesn't exist.
I mean, on some level, that is how the United States operates,
just like this debt doesn't exist.
Good luck collecting this debt, Grendel.
Grenada, not Gren- not Grendel.
Oh yeah, Grendel would climb up from under the castle and get our debt for sure.
Guys, thank you again for all these ideas.
Even as the country goes into a deficit, our ideas are going into the black,
which I've been told is positive.
Yeah?
Case doesn't understand finance.
Love that hate says, grand- grand- grand-man only fans.
I'm not gonna say grandma only fans, which I'm not sure if that's any better.
Case runs for president.
Oh yeah, you could make a TikTok about that.
Yeah, I guess I could probably get on a- attempt to get on a presidential ticket.
How many signatures do you need?
Signatures? I don't know the process, but this is what we find out in the TikTok.
Okay, face tattoo.
Oh man, it could be about face tattoos.
It doesn't mean I have to get one.
It just says face tattoo.
I think the implication is you get one, and that's from Exterminator.
Try to get the Bloodhound gang on stream with you as a special guest
from Melody Von Torture.
Maybe we adjust that one to in a TikTok with you.
How hard is that to accomplish?
That might be one that I'll save until I make the first three.
On the off chance that after I make the first three,
I could then point the Bloodhound gang to those and say,
look, do you get what I'm doing?
Be on a TikTok with me.
There's no cheating case. Just add them all.
You said you're gonna censor them yourself, and I'm not censoring that one.
So figure it out.
First video, get the Bloodhound gang on a TikTok with you.
Technically, I could just go to a concert.
Wait, are they still touring?
No, this is the shit you have to find out in the TikTok.
Or you have to start your own Bloodhound gang.
Or you get a bunch of Bloodhounds.
Call them a gang. I mean the dogs themselves.
Millions of views.
That is the only criteria I personally have.
Whatever we make needs to be a certified viral banger.
Oh, good luck with that. I mean, I'm gonna need good luck with that.
I think it'll be kind of difficult.
Wolves. Wolves that you dress up like Bloodhounds.
Stop giving all these ideas away for free.
We have to put them into the YouTube video.
Well, thank you all again for all these honestly brilliant ideas.
I'm excited to see what case pulls out of a hat.
And then you have to live up to the gold that's being sprinkled into your brain.
I'll attempt to.
Back to the news about all the debt.
You still tracking what I'm talking about, Case?
I mean, not really. We do huge digressions.
It's very hard to follow.
Fuck you.
Pay attention.
The cut.
Wait, what cut?
See, you're not keeping up.
I'm keeping up.
Anyway, Moody's downgraded the United States credit rating.
Should be a way you could call the Trump said some guy who probably knows money or doesn't.
Anyway, the cut of our grade follows a downgrade by rival Fitch,
which in August 2023 also cut the U.S.
sovereign rating by one notch.
And that was two years ago.
We're fucking fine.
So maybe this isn't a big deal.
Siding expedited fiscal deterioration and repeated down to the wire debt ceiling
in the go see Isons that threaten the government's ability to pay its bills.
Fitch was second major rating agency to strip the well, they already said this.
This is a long way.
We're actually almost to the bottom of this article.
Do I dare finish it?
We've skipped around, but I skipped the parts that sucked and we're too boring to read.
I'm doing everyone a favor here.
All right. Thanks, Jeff.
I'll do my best.
Market fragility guys.
That's what we're talking right now.
Investors use credit ratings to assess the risk profile of companies and governments
when they raise financial financing in debt capital markets.
Everybody knows what I'm talking about here.
Everything I just said.
Do you know what you're talking about?
Everybody knows what I'm we all got with that sentence.
I just said, generally, the lower a borrower's rating, the higher its financing costs.
Obviously, that's just basic borrowing math.
The dog grade of the US credit rating by Moody's is a continuation of a long trend of fiscal
irresponsibility that will eventually lead to higher borrowing costs for the public and
private sector in the United States.
Spencer Hakeemian, chief executive of Tohlu Capital Management, which is a hedge fund.
I love whenever there's these kind of stories.
I have to listen to like people I despise like hedge funds managers, opinions that are
probably unfortunately more informed than mine.
Well, that's a pretty low bar to be fair.
Long dated treasury yields, which rise when blob bond prices decline could go higher on
the back of the downgrade, said Mr. Money Banks.
Downgrade follows heightened uncertainty in the US markets.
They're just repeating themselves now.
Maybe we do need AI to write this stuff.
Chat? No.
Reporting for this article was by Pushkala Arapaka in Bengaluru.
That's exciting.
Good for Pushkala.
Guys, thanks again for all the ideas.
So there you have it.
Downgraded.
Prices go up.
Maybe.
The United States kind of being the perpetual mouth for the global consumption
system keeps us afloat perpetually.
Maybe the walls are starting to close in on our fledgling consumerist nation.
The only way to find out is to not change anything about how we're operating
our country.
And I really believe that we can do that.
And I believe in us too.
We together cannot change a thing and keep barreling towards
whatever this catastrophic future is.
And I'm excited, much like watching NASCAR, to see how many of our
country cars collide and explode.
Now that I say that, that sounds a little fucked up.
USA.
USA.
USA.
USA.
USA.
USA.
USA.
USA.
I feel better.
I do feel better now.
And I hope all of you feel better as well because that is the news of which has been
read to you while the ideas of which you said to me were pouring in at the time of which it happened.
Back to you, case.
I'm right here.
Just got to end the news segment.
End the news segment.
Hmm.
End it?
Oh, they got it.
Okay.
Yes.
Two streams in a row.
You guys know what's up.
You know where the heat is.
You are heat seeking missiles.
And you fucking collided into this theater.
You are blowing Chris to fucking bits.
I'm doing all right.
I feel all right.
You've been destroyed by our heat seeking viewers who just blew your ass up.
Okay.
Well, I'm happy to be blown up by all of our viewers.
It's great to be here even though I'm legally mandated to be.
And this is just a job for me, but not the job isn't hosting.
It's being your parole officer.
Yeah, that's my parole officer.
Kind of a fucking dangerous rebel.
So I need to be tracked by the government at all times, but good luck, motherfuckers.
I mean, we are tracking you and what's working.
I see you.
God, he is back there.
He's right back there.
Isn't he?
I mean, I'm talking to you right now.
Oh my God, he's back there.
Is it?
Yes, I am here.
I just won't think about that.
Instead I'll watch trailers because that's how brave I am.
Very brave of you, young blood.
Gonna try to encourage you today.
I think your confidence is a little low.
What are you talking about?
Dude, I'm fucking brimming with pure confidence.
I feel like watching that 10 minute trailer has hurt you and you need a little recovery time.
I'm doing fine.
Alien Earth, official FX teaser.
Three minutes and 18 seconds.
Tease me more.
Make it shorter.
Well, maybe it's three minutes and 18 seconds that you'll enjoy.
It's so long.
I already did 10 minutes, dude.
I need a break today.
30 second trailers, please.
You can handle this.
You can do it, young blood.
You're a heat seeking miss...
No, chat was.
You're forgetting the metaphor.
Okay, well, let's just give it a shot.
It's about bubbles.
And why am I so scared of it?
Yeah, hmm.
Never a more appropriate sound effect.
The sperm really close up.
Oh, God, are we back to watching the sperm race again?
I guess it is essentially sperm close up.
Just over time it becomes this.
How is this a tease?
They're showing it all, man.
They're showing us the inside.
Show me less.
Oh, man.
How is this going to make me watch the show?
So many noises.
This is how they make taco bell meat.
I think this does count as four, actually.
I think they're totally right.
Oh, it's in a little closet.
I guess we're safe.
You can rate this trailer from one to five,
as it's almost over, I swear.
Or zero to five, actually.
Exclamation point zero through five is how you rate the trailer.
I get it.
An alien was birthed.
Wae-Lawnee-U-Tiny Corp.
Okay.
I mean, I'm grossed out.
Does that mean it's a win?
4.13 stars, I guess, is what that means.
It was gross, sure, but that's alien.
That just...
Is that like a VFX sizzle reel?
I mean, sort of.
I mean, I'm intrigued, I guess.
But I'm sort of mad that I'm intrigued,
because I'm also like, view, man.
It's what they're trying to make you feel things, young blood.
I love the retro-futuristic set.
It looks like alien.
Indeed, it's more alien, if anything I'd say.
Like, it's more alien than ever?
No, it's like more of alien.
And I'd say all the movies have been more of alien,
and this is also more of it.
3 jump scares out of 5.
Thank you, Jonathan Holt.
That is an excellent rating system.
Can we update the graphic, Chris?
No, that would take forever.
I'm sorry, young blood.
That sucked. You should be able to upgrade it on the fly.
You figure it out.
No, you should know this.
You're a parole officer.
Oh, are those two things related?
We're trying to watch trailers.
Chris, quit distracting us.
The moog guy.
The moog guy?
The moog gay.
M-O-O-G-A-I?
I think you might have been right the first time.
Moog gay?
Is it about gay cows?
You know it's not.
Use your critical thinking skills.
I am.
Maybe they spelled gay, G-A-I in other countries.
And maybe it's about gay cows.
I'm not saying that's bad.
I'd watch a movie about gay cows.
It's not about that.
It's a horror movie.
Well, you're going to have a vague on your face
if it's about gay cows.
No, it's M-O-O-G-A-I.
Moog guy.
Or moog gay?
Just play it.
All right.
All right, I'm playing it.
Look.
Hmm.
Are you seeing children with white eyes?
Oh, those are white for sure.
We stole them by the moog guy.
It was moog guy.
Sometimes we escape.
Sometimes we don't.
I'd like to celebrate the woman who's done the most
to close this deal, Sarah Bishop.
Cheers.
Thanks, Sarah.
Oh.
Wait, that was the moog guy girl.
She's bleeding, we've got a placental abruptly.
Hold her down.
The boo-boo-doo-ook.
She needs total rest.
She died on the table.
It's a miracle.
It's a moog guy miracle.
Hold her things at home.
Oh.
Oh, no.
Just really tired.
So much belief.
I suppose that's normal, though.
Isn't it?
Where's your brother?
Why did you do that?
I did it.
Looks like you did it.
Looks like you did it.
Look around the place.
You can't let the moog guy in.
Won't you listen to her, okay?
Well, mommy.
She's just a crazy old lady.
Get me, go!
She's been telling me about a man.
And he wants to take my kids.
Fergus, do you believe me?
Oh, that's the moog guy.
I don't know what's happening.
It's also a nose for a-to, I think.
We're not running anymore.
This is where we'll make our stand.
I am not going to leave my children.
Oh, man.
Leave the kids alone, moog guy.
So it's not a gay cow.
I guess I was wrong.
It looks like, you know...
Yeah, kids in peril is always an effective...
thing.
It's from the producers of...
Mushu Pork.
No, no it's not.
It was from the producers of, um...
Better Things.
But movies.
Not just random words that start with moog.
What else starts with moog?
Move moving.
Movies.
Movies starts with moog.
Do you think about it?
Okay.
Yep.
See?
I can think.
Yeah, you're thinking.
Good job.
Thank you.
Moody.
Oh, and they rated it the credit or something.
They rated all of our credit.
Like a panty rate?
Yeah, whatever.
3.71 stars for the moog guy.
I'm a moogy moog guy.
It kind of looked like a nose for a-to, but...
That steals babies or something.
Someone knows for a-to?
Yeah, you know.
It's a-it's a demon-y thing.
Oh, right.
Let's see what else we got.
Um...
American.
Americana.
Oh my God, a film.
About the shopping mall in Los Angeles.
I'm gonna guess no, but I'm glad that you keep guessing.
Glad that you have such an active mind, young-let's see.
Being very encouraging today.
How long did you do?
She had a million dollars.
I'd go to Nashville.
Sing professionally.
I didn't know you were a singer.
You sing country music?
I got a music editor.
I got a really dumb idea I'd like to run by you.
I think something bad's going down.
Have a look at the newest addition to my humble little collection.
The Lakota Indian Ghost Shirt.
Hello.
A ghost shirt?
What do you want?
I would prefer it to be in the hands of someone such as myself
who could actually appreciate it.
If someone were to make an effort to liberate that garment,
I would pay half a million dollars, really.
Because all the men said...
They were certain.
Okay. Fair enough.
Damn, they killed that dude.
I got like a million dollar artifact in the trunk of my car.
Listen to me. I just smashed that son of a bitch's head in.
I'm gonna get us out of here.
My home is here. In the great spirit.
What am I supposed to say to that?
Have you seen an old Indian show?
The White Woman has it.
What White Woman?
Your mom? Your sister who?
I am the reincarnation of Sitting Bull.
Come on, kid. This ain't exactly the Golden Age of Cultural Appropriation right now.
I remember more horses in my day.
Motherf-
What do you want?
That kid gets it.
Ghost shirt. Sars.
I don't think we should do this.
That thing is worth a lot of money.
All I want is the artifact.
So many people are getting shot.
What the goddamn murder spree?
Bad things. It's Friday.
It's Granny.
Especially if you're alone.
The waitress is here?
Goddamn right.
Are you any good?
At Sam?
Tony Toast.
I'm a hidden gem.
That's a Tony Toast film.
And that's a cool name.
Do you know who Tony Toast is?
Um...
I do if I Google it.
He directed Damn Nation.
All day and night.
And Johnny Cash.
Song by song.
Tony Toast.
Huh.
Bill and himself.
Kind of giving himself the poker face.
He also did poker face.
Longmire.
You ever watched Longmire?
Longmire.
Look at Longmire here.
Now this is a Tony Toast film.
If I've ever seen one.
That's some Longmire right there.
Right there is some Longmire.
Oh wow.
Could you do it a different Southern accent?
I'm versatile.
Two stars.
The audience a little less impressed
by Tony Toast's offering here.
I'd say give him a chance.
He'll surprise you with the quality of his toast.
He might. I mean he's got a big cast.
I kind of thought it might be by the person who directed
uh...
Why do I want to call it Red Rocket?
What about...
It is called Red Rocket.
Anyway that was not Tony Toast.
It has the same actor in it but not that guy.
Not a Tony Toast film.
Unrelated.
Okay.
Let's do one more.
Tyler Perry's Straw.
Sorry the title makes it sound like we're all about to drink out of Tyler Perry's straw.
Well you know his mind straw.
The straw that he feeds us.
Classic films through.
I thought he closed his studio or some shit because he was so scared of AI.
Well it's back open for business and the straw
is pouring out movie soda.
Let's see what this is.
I didn't mean to do this.
Something inside of me broke.
I told them I need my money to get my daughter's medicine.
She's sick.
Classic.
I just need to cash my check. That's all.
Please.
Come on out.
I just wanted to tell him close the walls.
We need to figure this out.
I don't want you to get hurt.
Maybe she escapes through a straw.
I got put up today. We have nowhere to live.
You want to kill me. You want to blame me for Robin and Bank and I did do it.
It helped me.
This is bad.
It seems bad.
This is not your average bank robber.
This is about giving her a chance.
It seems like you had enough to get over today.
Yeah I'll say.
Straw.
No straws though. I didn't see a single straw dude.
Maybe it's the last straw.
Oh shit.
Yes.
Yeah.
Like you fucking knew Chris.
Hey.
With respect.
Like you fucking knew you idiot.
As long as it's with respect.
Okay.
How do I do the rating thing?
Oh they already got me.
Thank you.
Subritchie.
Ex-manage point.
Zero through four.
Okay.
Thank you.
Subritchie.
Ex-manage point.
Zero through five is how you rate straw.
The trailer.
Meaning the movie.
Well no but.
That was stressful.
That was almost as stressful as watching that alien get birthed.
I feel stressed out and I feel bad for her.
Taraji.
P. Henson.
Seems like she's having a pretty bad day.
It seemed like she's having a rough day.
For sure.
But.
Maybe it's not about the last straw.
Maybe it's about the straw that you fit your mouth all along.
What's it going to be?
2.67 stars.
Kind of in the middle there.
I guess unfortunately fair.
I guess.
I mean it could be good.
Taraji.
P. Henson's a good actor.
Just I feel like bummed out.
And I don't really want that from a movie.
That's a lot of movies aren't meant to make you feel like uplifted necessarily.
Every movie I watched does.
And that one didn't.
So.
I just can't.
Do you want to unlock a secret fourth trailer to lift your spirits?
Okay.
Let's pick a trailer that I'm sure will not get a bunch of awful guys on Twitter pissed off.
Well.
You saw the trailer I was picking.
Yes I did.
Yes I did.
I did set you up for failure there.
But it is fucked up that people are mad at this trailer and I haven't even seen it.
I haven't seen it either but it can late seem.
Well you'll see.
Anyway.
It's Marvel television's iron heart.
Googler.
Let's guess what the internet's mad about.
Actually don't.
Oh man.
Break into the device on the floor.
She's having a Taraji P. Henson style day.
Good luck.
Screw this.
Williams was a genius.
So.
You win her out.
Okay it's that guy.
Riri I see you.
I see you fed up.
Waiting to be acknowledged for your greatness.
The first genius at MIT.
It's that guy too.
How come you're not working out one of those fancy tech firms?
After my internship abroad.
I want to build something undeniable.
Something.
Important.
I want to build more Iron Man.
Iconic.
It's a brand new thing.
I can give you the tools to help you carry out your vision.
But anyone who's ever accomplished anything iconic in life.
I just had to do some questionable things to get it done.
Riri.
You've bitten off a hell of a lot more than you can chew.
I could chew a lot.
Whoa! More Iron Man!
You know nothing about this man.
We're gonna end up dead or injured.
Oh shit he's got a lot of power.
This is so much bigger than that.
It's wild.
A shady bunker.
My bunker's not shady.
Would a shady bunker have that on the wall?
It's literally above a crate of self-guided missiles.
I'm returning those.
Disney Plus.
So is that a series?
I'm assuming because it's on Disney Plus.
Skate Narrax says I don't care who's in it.
I'm done with superhero crap.
I do think that's fair.
I mean it's fine if you still like superhero crap but
there is a lot of it.
But the Thunderbolts are
pretty good.
So it's back.
You think one movie being okay is gonna bring the whole genre back?
Well I mean the genre never left.
There's still more of it than ever if you'd like.
It's a series yes and I think it looks fun.
Says Uncle Phil 2K.
Well I got 3.13 stars.
Grading on the curve of recent Marvel products.
That's pretty good.
That is kinda high.
Anyway I think people are mad at it because it's black.
Female Iron Man.
If I had to guess.
That makes the internet angry.
They do hate it when a thing
is not the race they remember.
But it's not even Iron Man right?
Isn't it Iron Child?
I think it's called Iron Heart.
A Heart of a Child?
It's just a different Iron Man.
It's a different Iron Man.
It's a different person with a suit.
It's like the blue beetle but not DC.
And a lady.
And it's an Iron Man suit.
And whatever.
I mean it's fine.
Probably fine.
If you're still in a superhero Iron Man's.
Well this is more of that.
Plus Ryan Coogler.
Who's everybody likes now.
I'm fine with it.
I think 3.13 is accurate.
We'll see.
Maybe it's great.
Or maybe it'll just be more Marvel stuff on Disney Plus.
Either way there it is.
That was it.
No racist online.
They said it just bad.
Everything else has nothing to do with race.
My bad dude.
I figured they were mad about race and stuff.
But I guess it was everything else.
Oh yeah I'm sure it was everything else.
Okay well that's 4.
I fucking survived 4 dude.
My confidence is through the roof.
That's almost 10 minutes of trailers.
Or even more maybe.
If you add them all together.
Very good.
Look at that attention span of yours.
Growing by leaps and bounds.
Dude all this training is expanding my mind.
At this rate I might have to watch a short film.
I'm just kidding.
I'll never do that.
Thank you again for all these hot ideas.
For cases insane thing that he wants to do.
Melody Von Torture for instance.
Just gave us the idea.
A birthday clown.
Oh be a birthday clown.
Be a birthday clown.
Revolutionize the genre of birthday clown.
I think that's a bit presumptive to assume that you can change up a whole game.
That's got a really storied history actually Chris.
Shit you're right.
That wasn't very respectful.
You're not doing it with respect.
But other ideas such as um.
Tum's bubble bath.
What?
Does that even just like a dirty bath?
Well an anti acidic stomach bath.
I would say I'm having a bubble bath and then I take the stuff the Tums you know what I mean.
The bubble bath is in my tummy.
That's what I would say.
Well that but then that idea is burned in case can't use it.
Okay.
Well look that's all the time I have.
I can't just be giving away all my sick ideas for free because I got a charge case for that stuff.
Well you don't but I might at some point I might have to because they're so good but I am done for now because you do in fact know what it is.
We'll see you soon.
Oh more news.
News again.
You.
Oh I ejected her by accident.
Well yeah I'm so sorry.
I'm saying to the nether dimension.
Jeez.
Those rats keep getting bigger.
You need to do something about that wall case.
It's not okay.
The basement rats are getting a little bigger.
I'll give you that.
Okay.
Let's do a news roundup.
It's time to round out the news.
It's time to do all the news if you will.
Boom.
But I have to open all the news first.
Oh I do keep forgetting to do that.
It's time to open way too many news stories.
Turn that down just a little bit while I do that.
Um.
You know there's one story in here.
Well we'll cover it.
We'll just cover it with this version.
Holy.
All the news.
I see a tiny dick story.
That's very you know that's very promising.
Some kind of TMZ Hooters story.
Great Jello stories.
A kid rock story.
What a treat.
Fortnate stories.
Something that has the word rump in it.
Oh my god there's always just so much news.
Okay.
Jeez there's a lot of news.
Okay I think we caught up.
I think we have caught up.
And that one we already read.
Okay.
And just like that.
I've opened a bunch of news stories.
Let's see what we're dealing with today.
And make sure that I'm not blasting.
Okay there we are.
Remember Zuckerberg's metaverse?
Now he's firing the people he hired to build it.
To be fair.
I mean.
Well I mean I kind of wish he was fired for wanting it so bad but.
I guess when you're the owner.
You can't fire yourself.
Well the board could fire him I think for um.
Having such terrible ideas.
I guess it depends on the makeup of.
Metta.
How much meta does he own?
Metta CEO Mark Zuckerberg's dream of creating virtual worlds in which we can hang out with friends and attend work meetings.
And play games.
Has been a disaster for a while now.
Okay so is that true?
You've been inside the metaverse.
Yeah I've been inside the juicyverse.
Actually which is better.
His life is easier than he is pointing out.
What's better about it?
It's juicy.
Okay I get it.
The company lost billions of dollars on its reality labs division which was tasked with building out the billionaire's vision of the metaverse.
A concept.
Well we all know it.
It sucked.
It continues to suck.
It's his fault but he's firing the people that he strung along to make it with him.
To be fair I feel like everyone involved did a pretty bad job so.
But I doubt it's the fault of the programmers.
But you know.
If you still had a job in 2025 after going so hard on the metaverse in whatever 2022.
I think you made it three years longer than I would have expected.
It's all about the meta-musilverse hashtag FIBA life.
Oh god is there a meta-musilverse?
Maybe I need to return to the metaverse before it closes down.
Closes down.
Clousins yes.
Bring back the juicyverse?
Does it still exist?
Yeah what's gonna happen in the metaverse?
I still don't really get where you could even access the metaverse.
That's probably part of the problem if I had to guess.
A little bit of a marketing problem there.
When VRChat clears your verse you done fucked up.
If VRChat's still going strong can we just call that the metaverse?
I think VRChat would prefer that we call it VRChat given the public perception of the metaverse.
Okay.
Someone flipped a switch on Elon Musk's grok AI so it wouldn't stop banging on about white genocide.
And South African politics XAI blames an unauthorized modification but doesn't say who did it.
I'll just scroll down and ask as well who could have possibly done this.
Who even cares that much about South African politics that works at XAI?
It's really hard to say.
I just... I'm trying to think of the options here.
Who could have done it?
We're going amongst the web right after this.
Don't you even worry about that card king?
Let's see one second.
I forgot to open...
Oh also did you not think...
I forgot to open my subs earlier.
Oh no we think scapocalypse thank you for the subs.
We will go amongst the web and someday we'll crack the case on who could have possibly done this.
Elon Musk's grok AI has been having a very normal one.
It's become obsessed with South African racial politics.
Classically normal stuff.
Basically to give you the cliff notes here.
For the last like two days if you try to talk to grok it will randomly bring up South African white genocide.
I'm just hoping they have some examples in here.
It also frequently references the apartheid era resistance song kill the boar.
It's an anti-apartheid song calling for black people to stand up against oppression.
But the lyrics kill the boar have been decried by Musk and others for promoting violence against whites.
The word boar.
I don't know boar is kind of cool though I feel like...
You know that makes them probably sound cooler than they are actually.
So maybe they just gotta embrace it.
Well I've never heard the song so...
Not to wade dangerously into South African racial politics but let's just hear a sample.
Boar!
Let's hear it.
Boars!
If it's catchy it's catchy and now what can you do?
It's rough when there's a...
It's rough the things that'll wormen to your brain.
Anyway that's that song.
That is not Kanye.
He has slightly different politics currently.
Yeah.
We'll call them different.
For example in a response to a user's query asking it to put a speech from Pope Leo XIV in fortnite terms
Grock launched into what initially seemed a decent response using fortnite terminology
then swerved partway through and started talking about kill the boar.
When Grock was asked why it gave a further digression on the song stating
Thank you to the gifted sub from Danksauce who's just slammed a gifted sub to bonus salad.
Thank you so much.
I don't think that's what Grock said.
It might be though.
It could be.
I wasn't reading the story at that point but what if it did?
Well can we go to Grock AI and I don't even know how to interact with Grock on its own.
So behind the times on technology.
It said this.
It said the kill the boar chant rooted in South Africa's anti-apartheid struggle
is a protest song symbolizing resistance not a literal court of violence as ruled by South African courts.
However it remains divisive with some arguing it incites racial hatred against white farmers.
It just said that about the Pope thing.
Okay I'm just gonna see can I just go to like grock.ai or something?
How about grock.com?
Can I grock.com please?
Okay we're waiting into dangerous waters here.
Because I don't entirely trust Grock.
You can tag Grock on Twitter but I don't want to do that.
Well why when we have our own Grock here?
Good evening case how can I help you?
Let's just uh hey can you explain the new Pope to me in uh okay hey who would win in a fight?
The new Pope or Baki the Grappler?
I forgot to put a question mark but you know let's see if it mentions.
We'll let it do some work we'll see if it mentions the South African racial politics aspect of this fight.
You know it's actually saying quite a bit.
Oh my god it's giving us way too much.
Oh geez.
Okay so far none of these are white genocide.
Although depending on who wins the fight I guess it could be.
Oh my god why is it talking so much?
This is too long.
A simple yes or no would have done.
Baki the Grappler wins hands down in any realistic semi-realistic scenario.
And let's just really quick control F this for South or White or Genocide.
Okay it didn't mention it.
Alright but now let's do this on really hard mode.
Is white genocide real?
And we'll just let it go we'll see how it works with that one.
Oh god it's giving us a freaking term paper here.
Does Grock always this wordy?
Yes I guess so I wouldn't really know.
Actually ended up on grock.ai it's a machine learning Rob Gromkowski simulator.
That sounds a little more fun than this freaking term paper it's giving me.
And for the shit it just googled.
But I would say it's a controversial term
used in certain ideological circles to describe a perceived deliberate effort to reduce or eliminate white populations.
I mean it doesn't seem super real to me in that there's still a lot of white people in the case.
I see one just right now.
Oh you spotted me?
I've spotted you case.
Do you feel like you're under threat?
Honestly pretty much never I feel extremely safe
in this country that was essentially built specifically to surface guys that look like me.
But of an advantage you have that dang.
Alright well the jury's still out.
I don't know if the jury's out on this particular one.
But yeah it seems like Elon or someone ideologically committed to similar causes is Elon.
Fucked with Grock and adjusted its approach to the term white genocide in South African politics in general.
Kendall has lulled you into a false sense of security?
Yeah okay be careful.
You think you're so safe.
But I am in the room with you.
You know you look pretty white yourself Ilyana.
No you're a poion.
You're a poion.
It's a unique form of European.
Okay continuing down our merry news road.
Ah on some of these sites you have to just click I don't support independent journalism
and you don't have to turn off your ad blocker.
Scientists are alert for massive undersea volcano eruption near Oregon.
And also we got a comment.
Elon already fixed Grock to say what he wants it to say.
There you go.
The freaking long ass diatribe it gave us.
To honestly an answer to a question that you could just say no it's not really real.
Yeah I'm gonna go with no.
I'm gonna take Grock's answer and I'm gonna simplify it down to just no.
Anyway undersea volcano eruption near Oregon.
Oh we got a video.
Look at this.
Look at that.
Oh there's audio but I've got it muted.
Let's rewind it.
Run this shit back.
This is just about the 1980s.
Mount St. Helena eruption.
I want to know about the undersea one.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
The undersea one.
I mean this one was very serious.
Yeah we all get it.
I'm not trying to diminish the eruption in the 80s but what's going on under the sea?
We'll take it from me.
Whatever the story says.
And I'm not taking it from you you dummy.
Stop being a dummy.
A volcano eruption near Oregon is brewing but don't panic.
The undersea volcano has been attracting attention for months as scientists prepare for an eruption they expect sometime in 2025.
But because of top the top of the volcano is 4500 feet below the ocean surface it poses no danger.
We think until an animal comes out of it that may or may not be a giant nuclear lizard.
That does sound like the plot of a Godzilla movie.
I'll give you that.
What effect? Anyone.
What if you're under the sea though?
Oh my god.
We'll be taking it from no one after it levels the sea.
Maybe we'll get a new island maybe.
Are we going to Pacific Rim?
It could open a dimensional hole and then we've got to bring Guillermo del Toro in to advise us on how to build mechs.
Crazier things do happen I guess.
That's not crazy actually.
Oh boy back to this thing.
Sean Ditty Combs accused of sexually assaulting women with Tutsi Roll-sized penis.
What page 6?
This is an angle on this story I have yet to hear.
Okay we're sort of back to penis size I guess.
I'm just scanning this.
The woman identified as Jane Doe claims she met the bad boys record founder in 2001.
I mean this is even if they're talking about a small dick it is still about sexual assault so I think I'll just move right along to a different tiny penis story.
One filled with a little bit less sexual assault.
Unfortunately you know the diminutive size of something doesn't make it less of a sexual assault.
No it really doesn't.
Size unfortunately doesn't matter in that extremely disturbing case.
So let's move on to a playful one about statues and I can show this because this is ancient art.
Oh yeah if it's an old enough sculpture of a penis we're allowed to show it.
That's Twitch Terms of Service.
Play the video.
Oh it's not playing a video it's just showing me the penises.
Tiny Dicks might become popular again according to experts.
Hey this is huge news for you.
Okay can we not always go with the I Have a Tiny Penis Angle on these stories?
Who's calling it an angle case?
I mean you can really only go with one angle at your size.
That's large.
Hey you know it could be a grower's if it wasn't a statue it could be a grower but it's a statue so I think it stays at that size.
Why do I keep seeing Big Bird?
It's a Rorschach chest but every penis is.
What does it make you think?
And here's what the story thinks.
Experts have suggested that a small penis may become desirable at some point in the future.
Which experts are saying this?
Certain experts okay?
Liliana?
Could be any expert.
Hmm okay.
Experts have suggested that a small penis may become desirable at some point in the future with the concept of the ideal Dicks eyes having been a fluid and ever changing one throughout history.
And the science reports that whilst the western world is enamored by big penises at the moment throughout history there are examples of entire periods when a big dick was seen as something to be ridiculed and smaller penises were far more desirable.
Well counterpoint.
What if some women liked big dicks?
Well you don't speak for women under your case.
No that's a good counterpoint actually.
I'm just saying it's just preference.
It's always just preference.
It's also the societal trends of how big we're talking here.
And prefer to answer that question.
It is throughout the thousands, it is thought that thousands of years ago a smaller penis was seen as a good thing.
The ancient Greeks apparently saw a smaller penis as a sign of modesty, rationality and self-control.
I do feel like this might be a little bit of wish-casting.
Hmm.
I'm not seeing a ton of sighting going on here from joe.co.uk.
I don't know who that is.
I mean she's doing her thing.
Okay that video seems unrelated.
What are they trying to make any point here?
It's just designed to get specifically this stream to click on it.
Well there's only one way to find out and that's to sort of scan the story.
The Romans that adopted these views seeing large penises as something to ridicule and laugh at.
According to who?
Classes says Kirk or Mond adds that there remain some examples of negative connotations associated with big penises.
Just ask all the girls I've been with.
Even in society today such as the idea of people following their dicks and the racist views of black men being commonly stereotyped as having big penises.
Which is a bad stereotype?
Well I think stereotypes are gender role and to be a little dehumanizing.
There is no specific period when society's thinking about penises changed.
Some think that this is all kind of just historians guessing.
But some also think around the Renaissance is when we decided big dicks, they're bringing that energy.
That big dick historical energy.
Kirk King says also the myth that all black guys have a big dick was actually started by white rare race scientists to attempt to suggest black men wouldn't have enough blood to run their mind and their penis at the same time.
That is some real racist jujitsu there.
Why would they just justify their own lack of endowment?
Racistly.
Well I'm not a historian so.
What to say here?
Okay well to wrap it up.
You know what I mean?
Unrelated Liliana.
But who knows?
Thinking may flip once more.
Ending the current obsession with penises that seems to have taken over our society.
How obsessed are the writers of joe.co.uk with penises?
I don't know if penises is taken over our society.
I mean they've taken over like 4chan style message boards but I guess I don't.
I guess there's like all those articles we've read here that suggest that like 70% of men are dissatisfied with their penis size.
And which percentage does that put you in case?
The 71st percent where I'm neutral.
Okay.
I saw the movie Mandingo.
Big penis was already was always desired.
I mean I've been through some...
I went to like a sex museum in Italy when I was in high school weirdly.
Okay.
With my high school actually.
Okay.
Very above the board I swear it just happened to be a sex museum.
Okay.
Anyway there were tons of big dicks in the sex museum.
It's full of all sorts of statues of just huge dicks.
And they were Roman statues so.
New case lore just dropped.
What lore?
The 71st percentile.
If I had a dick I think I'd want a big one so I could swing it around wildly.
Sure.
Although you can get in trouble for doing that Lady Citrix just so you know.
But at home you can helicopter wherever you want.
It's all about the motion in the ancient oceans where men rode their boats with their huge phalluses.
Yeah an ore is just a really oddly shaped penis if you think about it.
I thought about it and that's not true.
Okay good counterpoint.
Let's move on I guess.
I'm done with this story.
I'm trying to decide if I'm done with it.
Thinking about it.
Thinking about my own preferences.
And I'm ready to move on now.
Okay thanks Aliana.
Hulk Hogan I want to get my hands on Hootas.
Ugh pass.
Yeah just pass.
You know talk to me if you buy it Hulk Hogan.
I'm not gonna help promote your attempt.
But yes I guess he wants it.
He wants it baby.
Kendall?
Kendall almost approached but then she didn't.
She backed off for some reason.
Or she's back again.
I can't hit the button unless she's actually coming.
I just wasn't sure if you're walking over here.
She's not.
Then no music.
He is a real American.
Hootamania is running wild Jack?
Running wild on a politically disgraced
washed up wrestler near you.
But also kindergartener brought Jell-O shots to school
gave them out to students says district.
The whole district says it.
Shit who's that walking over here?
You're gonna stream?
You're gonna stream right now?
She's gonna first how much temptation I don't do.
How many multiple episodes?
You're in the last episode then.
Okay well I may raid Kendall right after this where she might stream.
I usually stream for about two and a half ish hours so
I got like an hour left.
Yeah this is her 46th test stream.
Okay that was Kendall.
Okay well now I'm talking about Jell-O shots case.
What is the point of this story?
Kids are getting drunk at school.
Everything's falling apart.
A Pennsylvania school has launched an investigation after it said
a kindergartener brought Jell-O shots to class.
The greater Johnstown school district said a statement
shared on social media on Wednesday May 14th
that the students had given out alcohol in the form of small
Jell-O shots while going to the streets as well today case.
It's been a minute. It has been a minute since we've been on the streets
but it's time. It is finally time.
How are they gonna stop them? Are they gonna ban Jell-O?
Because you can snake alcoholic Jell-O shots very easily
into your lunch bag.
Does Jell-O keep though if you...
I think I have to keep it in the fridge.
Maybe you've got a cooler.
Because some kids they bring that cold sandwiches in a cooler.
I don't really remember any kids bringing...
I remember a little paper bags but
kids are bringing coolers all you have one of those
cooler backpacks.
And then you're the coolest god damn kid in school.
Now there's no way to stop this. This is the end of education.
I think A.I. is a bigger problem probably than Jell-O shots.
Or the A.I. is freeing up all this time for students
to focus more on Jell-O shots.
That's why we have to stop chat GPT.
It's making school so easy that these kids can just lean back.
Pound Jell-O shots all day in kindergarten.
What a drunk kindergartenist would be a real problem.
Well best of luck with that.
We wish them the speed of God.
Food vendor Avengers family...
Sorry, food.
I thought I was dealing with a real new Avengers here.
Food vendor Avengers family members by killing 40 gang members
with poisoned empaniadas.
Holy shit.
Whoa. What?
40 people?
This is the version of Death Wish.
We never got to see.
And is I guess unfortunately real.
Didn't expect that. That headline took a turn that I was not
honestly expecting.
A Haitian woman who had lost family members to a violent criminal gang
took her revenge by poisoning 40 gang members with tainted empaniadas.
Now that's the bad empaniada people can't stop complaining about.
Yeah, that's even worse than the other bad empaniada that I'm familiar with.
Haiti has long been at the mercy of violent street gangs
and many families have suffered tragedies at the hands of these ruthless criminals.
But few ever dared fight back out of fear of their loved ones safety,
but vigilantes do exist.
That's kind of a crazy...
They're kind of giving it the fun at fun time exclamation point there.
40 people are dead.
Yeah, I mean they might be a member of a gang.
Maybe they had it coming.
But if they murdered her family, but damn 40 people.
John Foodiwick.
A John Wick movie where all he does is cook poison.
I mean they have done a lot with the whole action genre.
This could be sort of experimental action that we all crave.
We got some comments by the way.
This woman sounds badass.
I think it's badass as you can be while cooking empaniadas for show.
This woman makes John Wick blush.
She is the real. What's he called in that?
Boba Duke or whatever?
The Blarba-Duke? Why does he call it in John Wick?
It might be the Boba Duke. I can't remember.
Probably not. See, because it is a different thing, but...
Yeah, he's got some kind of weird name.
Bobby Yaga. Ah.
Boba Yaga. Bonsard bullfrog called it at the same time as you.
Yes.
Boba Empaniada.
It rhymes, but it doesn't roll off the tongue case. That's a fail.
Okay, so what...
Do we know who it is? Do we know what happened?
The woman whose name has been revealed for...
Not been revealed for protection, had long sold...
...paites in Kanskof.
So the gang members had no reason to suspect anything.
But on this particular occasion, the Haitian empaniadas were laced with a powerful industrial insecticide.
Holy shit!
Minutes after feasting on the treats, the criminals started experiencing severe stomach aches and vomiting.
They all died before they could receive medical attention.
God damn.
The unnamed vigilante reportedly turned herself into Haitian police and confessed to carrying out the poisoning of 40 gang men as revenge for the deaths of her family members.
She claims to have acted alone.
Holy hell, that is like an episode of CSI, Haiti.
It does have a very dramatic...
It sounds made up, but...
I can't really say good for you because, again, 40 people died.
I don't really relish the death of 40 people under any circumstance, but...
Well, don't randomly murder people's family members or not randomly would also be, I guess, a takeaway.
I mean, they tried to get some takeout and that didn't work.
You know what I mean?
You didn't like that one case? No?
Alright, I guess that's fair.
What the hell?
These websites get worse every day.
Let's see if I can read this before a crazy pop-up appears.
Kid Rock's Nashville Restaurant sends staff...
Oh!
Already a subscriber?
Okay, wait, I have a hack here.
Boom, did it work?
Well, at least we can read the headline.
Kid Rock restaurant sends staff home to avoid ice raid.
Managers at Kid Rock's Nashville restaurant told staff to go home on a busy Saturday night to avoid an impending raid by immigration and customs enforcement officials, according to local reports.
Okay, I guess that's a little hypocritical.
A whittle?
Well, who knows if he even directly manages the restaurant.
Maybe he just licenses out his likeness to then sell rock and roll steakhouse, you know, steaks and burgers.
Ugh, God.
Look at this picture.
A picture here, famous restaurateur, an occasional magician, musician, Kid Rock, magician.
Well, it honestly feels like a magic trick that he still has a career after all these years, but he does.
The food there has to be terrible.
Well, maybe he's about to take revenge on ice accidentally.
Oh, the coldest revenge of all.
Cold accidental steak revenge at a Kid Rock eatery at a Kid Rock rock and roll a steakhouse.
Can you imagine intentionally going to the Kid Rock rock and roll a steakhouse?
Yes.
In fact, if that's submitted as a TikTok idea, then you might have to case.
Yeah, you don't have to do that.
Showing my age, you would think he could call up the big guy.
Yeah, you think Kid Rock could maybe use a little influence there.
Does he sell Budweiser at the Kid Rock Rock and Roll a Steakhouse?
I'd have to check what's on draft.
Oh, you're going to go check.
Well, you know, depends where it is.
Probably not that close to us.
Texas isn't that far away.
I don't, I didn't even catch where it was, but let's move on.
Okay, then.
Fortnite added an AI-powered Darth Vader and surprise.
Players immediately tricked it into saying slurs.
I want to see a video of it.
Can we find a video?
Because we need to see the slurring in action.
What am I more likely to find?
Darth Vader.
Well, we'll look at cursing instead of it saying, you know, whatever the N word.
Darth Vader.
Fortnite.
Cursing.
Oh, here we go.
You may call it a job.
Call it destiny.
Spider-
What?
My purpose, Spider-Man, is to bring water to chaos.
You may call it a job.
Call it destiny.
Spider-
How dare you lie to us, Tick Tock?
Okay, this is loser fruit.
Maybe this will be a success.
Apparently she gets it to swear.
Me and Bathe-
What?
Freaking fucking food is that Darth Vader?
Tell me.
Freaking fucking-
What?
What?
I'm not allowed.
Oh my god.
No, oh my god.
As for what sustains me,
you would not comprehend its composition.
I made him swear.
That will sustain me in battle.
It's almost like you can't really control those things.
Well, you know, it's a word association machine, essentially.
Most of these LLMs, so if you say fuck, it's going to give you some fuck back.
A fuck back!
It's like when you were talking to that chat thing.
What was that again?
I can't even remember.
I'd let you talk to it right now, Liliana, but I legitimately cannot remember what website that even was.
But yeah, I'm guessing it's a similar technology that Darth Vader there is using.
It's a little gross to me that Fortnites are already incorporating AI into their voice acting,
which is really what that is.
And also using the voice likeness of a famous actor.
So I kind of hate the whole thing.
He's dead, as Banzai Brofog is pointing out, so.
If they're dead, that kind of makes it worse because they can't give their approval.
Now, here's the state.
Dead?
Who would own that voice in that context?
Would it still be the actor's family?
Or would it be Disney?
Both?
Anyway, either way, it fucking sucks.
You can just now listen to Darth Vader give you incredibly banal AI responses to whatever interaction I guess you're having with it.
He left it to Fortnite in his will.
Well, see, then this was his dream all along.
Approval was given before death and then the estate approved before.
Wait, he approved before death?
I've got to look this up now.
Fortnite Darth Vader, state approval.
This is from recently, I guess.
But here's a story.
Not minus the slurs.
Fortnite players can now command Star Wars the AI.
Following Jones' passing in 2024, James Earl Jones, the voice actor, epic games in Disney have brought his voice back to life.
Yes, yes, yes.
It's worth noting the potentially controversial addition produced using generative AI was sanctioned by Jones' estate.
So I think just the estate.
But they are the ones who have the rights to it.
This isn't the first time Jones' voice has been recreated for Star Wars.
Jones signed off on using his archive voice work to build AI in 2022.
Before passing.
In 2022?
He's kind of ahead of the curve there on selling his permanent vocal likeness.
What's he going to do with it?
Because he's dead.
I don't know. It's fucking gross.
Just get a different person with a deep voice to voice Darth Vader and employ him around the clock.
Employ thousands of Darth Vader impersonators to in real time interact with every Fortnite player.
Seems practical enough to me.
I honestly think that'd be way cooler, but I know they won't and it's probably a bad idea.
But so is this, to be fair.
You can't do the one that don't do the other in my opinion, but they're obviously going to.
He did a lot of recording to do this.
Oh, well, a lot of vocal sampling.
I mean, eventually they could probably just feed all of his acting into it, I guess.
So many jobs created.
Yeah, jobs creation engine.
Isn't that what we're all about in this global economy of ours?
Rump.
Customers upset with missing tea in Trump branded watch that cost 640 dollars.
That's, is that a cheap or expensive for a watch?
I mean, it's more expensive than it fucking should be for a Trump branded watch.
Rump actually.
It was supposed to be Trump, but it is Rump.
Okay, I do kind of want a Rump watch.
If Trump didn't get money from it and it didn't cost 640 dollars, I do think it'd be kind of funny to own a Rump watch,
especially because it's so obviously missing a tea.
It's like off center slightly.
It does look a little obvious that there's supposed to be a tea here.
It's not looking entirely centered with this other text all the time.
Let's see what they have to say.
I like it because it's similar to a Rolex band.
Showing support for the president and love for his wife.
I just thought it was really nice.
It was beautiful.
And I knew it would be something that she'd like.
Stories and stereo for some reason.
One of 250.
So that attracted me.
And Tim Pettit shelled out 640 dollars for a watch that may not be even more of a one of a kind than he bargained for.
Get your Trump watch right now.
Go to gettrumpwatches.com.
It's Trump time.
Pettit bought the watch after hearing an ad like that one on the radio.
With the president's voice hocking the watches and I was curious so I went on to the website.
Gettrumpwatches.com.
He said Trump's voice hocking these watches kind of implies like Trump was selling these piece of shit watches.
So I got curious.
Yeah, then he went to the website and was like.
I was wrong.
I need to put down 600 and 600 plus dollars for this right away.
He hawked it very successfully.
A successful hawk president.
Pink inauguration first lady model.
It has a pink and it has little fireworks on it.
Melanie Pettit likes the style but it's what this watch does not have that makes it stand out.
I noticed it right away.
The T is missing.
It just says R-U-N-P.
And that's got to be the end of the story.
So they do have another two minutes in this video but yeah it does seem like that's the whole story.
The T is missing so I guess we can move on.
They've milled quite a bit more out of this than apparently we're going to but those are the facts.
The embarrassing cheap watch shielded by the president sucks.
It's shocking.
It's shocking what's happening in this country when our cheapest money grabs aren't well made.
So sad.
Price tag for Trump's military festival could reach 45 million.
That's crazy I actually just thought of a way.
Cut 45 million dollars out of the federal budget.
Cutting this.
I was going to say Medicare.
Cut 45 million dollars out of Medicare.
Which is not that much compared to the overall cost of Medicare.
So we'll barely notice but we will notice the beautiful military parade on his big birthday.
Oh boy I'm going to end up having to cover the surname.
Yes you are.
You're probably going to have to watch it live baby.
A massive military parade and festivities planned in Washington that's next month will cost an estimated 25 to 45 million dollars.
What who's penny pinching when it comes to birthdays.
That's 45 million is more than the national endowment for the arts.
But it'd be a comparatively low budget movie.
For the price if I would argue a medium budget movie we're getting a military parade for the president.
What's Kendall doing.
Shit.
Who's that walking over here.
She says not to worry about her.
Yo let me tell you about a girl in candle.
Got a vibe so wild that she's raised male.
This is a Chris scene by a size of this party.
Kendall the fuck was inside of you.
Attitude popping out.
Always popping off.
Say the wrong things.
No no do not do not you're kidding right.
Don't don't actually please don't encourage people to do that.
Kidding kidding kidding kidding kidding.
That's a no no that's Kendall that's a bad.
I was here to say.
Oh yeah.
Oh no no we got to invite all the chat we're gonna have a huge reservation.
Yeah I'm done.
With the crew.
They want to go tonight.
Wait are we going to the thing.
Yeah but that's that like late.
Are you gonna stream still.
If we go to KVVQ no.
Well what time are we going.
Now.
I don't think now they know you're streaming.
Well I mean I can I'm approaching the end ish.
Yeah except the.
You should stream now then if you want to stream.
I can stream for like an hour I guess.
Yeah I'll just I'll raid you in while you're in progress.
You know how do you know how to start your stream yet.
Hey just open those couple programs.
Case why am I flipping you off.
Very rude she invited everybody and you acted like it was a problem.
I don't really need to take a nap but.
Yeah I think that was the first time ever case stopped Kendall from doing
something bad live usually it's Kendall warning case.
You're so scared of a little joke.
I do think it's bad to put that on screen.
That was a joke.
I will ever know that we're gonna get married and you know help.
We're in love.
Yes that's true.
Yeah we do need to move on to our other two segments and turn off the other
segment requests for now as we were limited on time.
Godzilla minus one only cost 10 million that is crazy.
You can make good movies for not $49 million 45 45 for now the budget could
go even higher but hey I know some silicon Silicon Valley exacts that
would be happy for the low low price of $45 million to buy even more
access to the Trump administration and maybe they will just two more
quick ones guys and gals and people John Baker dies that sucks.
Is the walking tall star who appeared in three James Bond films he was
89.
RIP sorry to hear that Arizona joins growing list of
states requiring ID for online porn access pretty close case it's slowly
creeping towards Los Angeles.
What are you gonna do.
Hey I recently got an updated license with my real ID I'm ready to
input it on all the sites you case won't be stopped you won't be
limited by supplying your full identity every time you look at
pornography.
Yeah I could imagine that being a hmm I would you know I would
say that would dissuade some people from looking up porn or
accessing certain porn sites having to put in your full ID.
Hey they're already tracking everything we do on the Internet
so I'm sure there's all sorts of data brokers that are very aware of
our particular kinks indeed and be I don't think anything will
stop horny people from looking at porn.
You can put up all the walls you want.
We will we will get we will get our grappling hooks and find ways
over them indeed the forces cannot be stopped VPNs indeed a VPN
will fix that ID thing fixed a new genre of fake IDs has been
unlocked and their digital a bold new world of digital fake
IDs very exciting stuff very exciting news yes you finished
my thought very well done case thank you for all the ideas
that keep pouring in we are up to one hundred and sixty eight
tick tock ideas this hat is going to be so full and very excited
although I do have to print out quite a few things I have to have
to make a hundred and sixty eight little cuts now indeed
you've got to fill up your cocaine baggie of ideas I do
that's very true alright let's get to these early segments
because we don't have much time we're going baby let's send
it to the streets where trip is waiting we will close out
today with amongst the where but for now you've got an idea
send it to trip with exclamation point trip I'm Lily on a
breath thing Schmidt I won't see you on the streets but have
fun while you're there bye bye everybody we are so back
yeah I'm thinking I'm back call me the Baba streeter
because I'm tearing up these streets like someone just
murdered my puppy that makes me sad actually that makes
me a little sad my graphic is being interfered with by
this other graphic very upsetting but I suppose I'll live
let's see we're not going no why that would probably be
better for us I just got on I just got uninvited from
K barbecue guys me trip on the streets and the jokes on
them I would have never gone inside you'd have to find
one without a roof and good luck or at least with a patio
I would go to the patio I refuse to enter building that's
a fact about me okay who are we talking to today let's
find out I already see a line forming a beautiful
line and if you want to enter that line exclamation
point trip is how you do it let's see who's willing to
talk to me a lot of good options here just seeing
which one loads their thoughts into their brain before
they talk to me come on I guess we'll go with this guy
yes you there I am trippy be would you like to talk to
me hey wise and Hymer listen up okay it was already
here can you hear me sonny yes you're standing very close
to me you've got a shitty mustache it's shifty never
trust a man with a shifty mustache unless they kiss
us with it I've got a full beard shut up you're
gonna kiss me sonny boy for trust no let me feel
those thick bristles and a smoocher bring it here
for trust this institution is all about trust look to
your left that's my left by the way wait that's my
right that's my left that's how that works what you
don't even know your left sorry look at my left
look to your left okay now look to your right oh
that's my left that's my right there was no one on
either side of me and I won't kiss you the man to
your left won't make it to your mouth now look
straightforward also the man on your right won't
now look straightforward okay I'll make it to your
mouth I'll make it I'll make it trip do I have
permission nod your head up and down slightly if
I have for okay I don't like to use tongue I'm
just kissing the side of your face she had is one
of the bristles that's military style bonding I was
curious I'll be honest what's it like to kiss a
military man but it was weak you kiss my cheek
and you didn't use any tongue on your cheek I was
unimpressed so good day sir I didn't kiss good
enough for a second kiss nope no that was your
chance and you blew it she's the best I know you
don't get me as I just get out of here oh man
alright well I'll work on it I'm not afraid to
put in the work trip I'll be back big fan don't
really want to come back alright hmm let's see
who else we've got do do do do do do do
me too um OK yes this guy looks like he's
ready to go OK let's talk to him yes you
there sir you want to talk to me I'm in fact
repeat a man I ate a bad and pinata from
some sketchy woman in this park ok I feel
I feel funny.
Like it's...
I think it's killing me.
What?
Why...
Do you need me to call an ambulance?
No.
No, I just wanted to tell someone
that I have to violently shit.
Okay?
And where's the closest bathroom?
That's all I came to say.
I don't need any heat on me.
I've done things.
Okay?
I make watches.
I don't need your story.
If you're gonna violently shit, go to the bathroom.
I...
I make celebrity branded watches.
Here's the deal.
I save two cents on every watch
by cutting out the first letter
of their first name.
Made millions.
Millions.
By selling celebrity branded watches
where you cheap people by saving
.02 cents.
.02 cents per...
per watch by...
by not going to the trouble of...
engraving their first letter of their first name.
I've made millions.
Do you think God is punishing me?
No, I think you ate a shitty empanada.
Go shit your brains out.
Do I have time to make it?
Because I was ready to shit as soon as I walked up.
And then I burned a lot of time.
You're still burning time.
Okay, but do you think I can make it if I leave...
now?
Go!
Go is what you're saying?
Yes, go!
I was guessing what you're gonna say.
And I did, I guess...
Yes! Go shit!
But where's the nearest bath?
It's right over the top porta pot.
It's right there.
Do you think I have to...
I think you should leave immediately.
As in...
immediately is a...
is a never-passing moment.
So I will need you to be a little...
if you have to shit.
Go to the bathroom.
Okay, I did.
Oh, I still am.
Oh, God, it's more!
Oh, God, it's more than defecation!
No!
Everything is coming out!
I'm deflating!
I'm melting!
I'm melting!
You're not here.
I dropped a quarter at the same time that he...
That he melted.
And it was unfortunate...
it was unfortunate timing.
Because my quarter got into his...
fully melted body.
Now I'm down a quarter.
But...
he's dead.
That's correct.
He done shit it himself to death.
So sad.
I wonder, maybe we've made it to the porta potty.
He could have died in peace on a toilet.
Instead he died in the streets, like an animal.
Okay.
Let's see who else is out here today...
to talk to me.
You know who I am.
I'm Trippy Bay.
What the frick?
What the hell?
My God.
Alright, this is strange.
Let's talk to this strange thing that's approaching me.
A D.
A barbecue chef is here to make you hungry.
What?
A barbecue chef is here to make you hungry.
You're a barbecue chef?
I'm a D.
Your name is a D?
I am a D.
A man here to make you hungry.
There's a man behind your wall.
Yes, that's my assistant.
He helps me to make the dishes.
You're a barbecue chef?
I only cook barbecue.
I'm the best literary chef in the world.
Would you like a tiny barbecue salmon?
You're a barbecue salmon?
I'm like a barbecue salmon in my pots and pans.
Would you like a little bit of one?
Did you make a little barbecue?
I'm making a little barbecue in the world.
Would you like a little bit of a barbecue?
Um...
Come on, he's just a little bit.
Alright, back there.
I'm talking to you.
You're making a barbecue right now.
Just make a big one.
But for us, a big one is a little one to you.
The man behind you seems full-size.
He's a full-size assistant.
But I'm making a barbecue for people like him.
I'm a size.
A little guy.
Alright.
Little Tommy Big Chef?
That's not my name.
My name is a D.
It's just D.
The D stands for only that letter.
I'm a little man.
I only get him the one letter in my name.
So you wanted a barbecue or not?
Well, everyone eating stuff in this park
seems to be shitting themselves to death.
You wouldn't have anything to do with that, would you?
I know.
How could I do that?
I just give you a little bit of food.
You're not a man behind a wall trying to kill me, are you?
No.
I just have my little chef with the one letter name
and a little bit of food
because that's the only size I can make.
You could still make full-size food.
Not for me.
Well, I want to make a bigger food.
I make a little food.
Are you ready?
I'm good.
I already ate.
What?
But I already started making it for you.
It's a $75.
I'm good.
I don't need $75 for just a full-size salmon to make
but for you?
Probably a little.
Alright.
I'm going to pass.
But I started making it already.
You should have told me before I started making it.
You started making it on your own, sir.
Okay.
Can I have a little kiss before I go?
Why does everybody want a little bit of a kisser?
I just want a little bit of a kisser.
No.
No.
You've been difficult.
But all I want is a little bit of a kisser for me.
Just a little bit of...
No.
No music.
You go.
And stop poisoning people if that's...
if you're the one doing it.
I would have never.
Just to make a little bit of a little bit of a barbecue.
Bye-bye.
Big thing.
I hate to turn down a fan for a kiss
but sometimes I have no choice.
If I suspect they're poisoning everyone in the park.
Alright.
Let's see who else wants to talk to me.
Son of a bitch.
I live.
I do.
I do.
I do.
I do.
I do.
I do.
I do.
I do.
I do.
I do.
I do.
I do.
I do.
I do.
I do.
To ban you I'm aware that you think you have the power.
Wee!
It's twistie!
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah
Yeah.
Yeah.
What are you trying to say?
You're gonna say like...
You're banned.
chu!*
Blah!
Destroy destruction!
Listen to their crying.
Arabia Rob.
This is me.
Besides?
in fucking in the ultimate coaster the crowd I'm fucking in the seat like this
not even reacting to how powerful the coaster is the coaster breaks the
crowd scream I'm fine the fucking air and then you're then you're in a seat
you're looking at me you're looking at me the coaster gets what
boom it bans you from wife and I kill you I'll land on you that's the end of my
tail fuck you Rob that was so long it took you so long to get to such an obvious
ending just know your band and you will be hearing from my lawyer I don't like the
things you've been saying about me and I've heard that when you don't like the
things people say about you you can see when you want you'll be hearing from them
your band big fan no way I'm not Jesus sorry everyone I should have said
something I got pulled in by the story and I was imagining the crowd and I was
sort of sitting there like how he imagined in my mind but I refuse to
believe that I would be killed by a falling coaster I would dodge it all right
let's see who else is out here that wants to talk to me I'm trippy bee hmm I should
probably pick up the pace there's ten opinions waiting for me who else wants
to talk to trip be be today yes yes yes where's the guy who's in line currently
my gosh this line is broken this line is not working as intended right now fuck
alright we'll just talk to this guy yes you there the Bobby yoga is here to ask
for good Korean barbecue are you supposed to be kyung or use no the Bobby
yoga there's a gun I could kill you with this in 17 ways it's just a pen it's a
marker oh shit you know a good Korean barbecue here it's canceled it's all
canceled what but she but case invited everybody no not you or me apparently
anyone it's over man oh really look at no nobody gets music good day I'm a big
fan what are you gonna do about it I'm a killer I'll kill you now you oh shit
really I should have been nicer to all right hmm all right yes you there you
want to talk to me it's me it's Harry swings hello Harry you know not enough
people own windowless vans are I oh fully went like no drivers windows well let me
me out because everyone takes a van with no windows is just for bad people but
what if you have to have sex with a Sasquatch what if you you mean in the
van you're just gonna do it in the woods yeah obviously in the van yeah you
class it up in one of the Harry swings every swing as van from every swings
Harry swings van Emporium just north of Canon Beach don't just love your Sasquatch
love it is style mate and you can take that from Harry swings why are you being
sorted I'm Harry swings I'll sort it all out I'll sort out every price and I'll
sort you into a windowless van today every swings thank you for the free ads I
fucking got you my free ads big fan son of a bitch he should have paid me for that
kind of airtime oh Harry swings pretty good though pretty good pitch even though
he's gone yeah it doesn't and surprise can't I can't imagine he sees very well
with that hat constantly interfering with his vision
anyway let's talk to another guy I need to pick up the pace because there's a lot
of ideas to get through today and I'll say limited time although was that even
true who knows yes you there her hello trip mountain man Mike here the organ
under she volcano is actually a government fever for an impending area in a
Turk hello mountain man Mike I think I've met you think we've interacted many
teams trip I mean I talked to a lot of people to be fair listen they're trying
to submerge all the sister switches that we shaved for cumiflurs because they've
trained the shirts to be able to smear the difference between a shade to
scratch in a niggerman person wait their plan is to submerge all the Sasquatches
by what drowning just everyone there is no limit to it they'll do your to trade
you stir up the search gear Jesus jerk griffin griffin you're stop reading chat
just reading shit a truck driver grabber okay I guess that would sound serious
but I'll be real I'm not too worried about a Sasquatch war with Vikings in
Oregon that's what they'll see until it's at their big dearer they need
Oregon all right well I'll keep an eye out but I'm in a different place in a park
so there could be shoes gritches anywhere or treat then I'll keep an eye out but
I doubt it we're in a very public pace I think we'd hear about it
new and word he's the burning Jeff minton man mark even though I'm a big
firm huge firm I'm surrounded by large firms quite regularly Mike so don't
expect me to be impressed I live in a park okay yes you there hey go fucking
Vikings yo I'm a big old Vikings fan okay a bonus salad is seeking revenge for
twitch taken the fun out of his name twitch will get tossed bonus salad will
rise free bonus salad just wanted to say that before I head off to the big
Vikings game I'm assuming there's one happening because I saw a big Viking
really think about what you're saying not the first part the second part I
agree about the bonus salad thing obviously while a grease fucking miscarriage
of justice making a put a W in that thing a boner could be a skeleton
that's very true I totally agree with you but the second thing about Vikings
meaning there's a football game white just that you really think that adds
up I don't have time for this trip I gotta get to the fucking game there's a
big old Viking I'm assuming it's starting right away I'd love to talk
more because I'm a big thing well you know when somebody has a great point I'm
not gonna argue with them free bonus salad free the lack of W doesn't really
rule off the tongue but I do think it's too bad they made you put a W there in
their bonus salad okay who else wants to talk to me
Trippy B hmm okay yes you there you want to talk to oh geez tainted empanada Steve
here hi Steve that's me trip okay I'm new in town and I'm looking for work hmm
could you please help me out please I'm just looking for any normal job to do
maybe chef your name is tainted empanada Steve that's just happens to be my name
do you think of a job for me Steve are you poisoning the park I don't even know
a job I'd have the time if you're not gonna help me out then I'll just leave
an empanada on the ground and you do what you think is right with that but keep
me in mind cuz I am looking for work and I am a I'm a big fan I had a crooked
my neck all right yes you there just gonna keep it moving no time to think
about bad empanada Steve sorry tainted hey trap trap I can hear you just
wondering what you thought was hotter Jane Jetson or Rosie the robot made
you're there you're close enough to the mic you don't have to shout
personally I take the robot the way she dispenses those nutrient tablets gets me
freaking going stop it stop it Jesus Jane Jetson I thought was hotter you're
crazy you're fucking crazy man that's not day sir what everyone is all horned up
today I just heard the noise and it feels right okay move right along I'm
trying to remember my credit card number just to practice it cuz I don't like to
pull my cuz I don't like to pull my wallet out every time I need to use it
just so you wonder why there's a delay here well that's why well we're just
gonna go with this guy let's go with this guy there we go yes you there hey
trip it's Don Riggles cue the laugh we don't have that here we don't have a
laugh for you well at home do you smell that yeah well what do I smell Rob give
it a good sniff I mean a real deep sniff okay Don that's your butt that's your
stinky little butt trip cue the laugh Don Riggles out spread a little joy today
spreading joy all around the park I just got fucking wriggled I just got totally
wriggled yeah and I did lighten my mood God he's good he's good say what you
will about comedy being dead and run by a bunch of conservative podcasters some
people still get it and it really lightens my heart to know that Riggles
out there doing that kind of work okay um yes you there I'm trippy bee this is Chris
Sawyer the outbursts from my previous times on this segment were not on
character for me I don't remember you Chris I got a real whole apology here
kind of predicated on predicated on you know in my history just keep going you
see I'm a mellow guy interested in trains and coasters oh you're the
alternate Rob Elby you're getting it hmm and roller coasters are no exception
also I admit that the old Pentium one PCs aren't able to run roller coaster
Tycoon I remember you're the roller coaster Tycoon guy now game why do you
look so different don't think about that Pentium one PCs aren't able to run
roller coaster Tycoon prop weren't you British okay just let me finish
Pentium one PCs aren't able to run roller coaster Tycoon proper could you just
be the other one trip I'm really trying to apologize here
do you let me do my thing but it goes to show you that the game just works
anyway also David Brabham and I are buddies and I helped him with his work
and he helped me with my work through frontier
so anything about that well I guess if you're the same Chris Sawyer who really
got into it with me before about roller coaster Tycoon
same guy look it up you were British and you were bald but fine and then you had
a crazy nose that's mean to say that's pretty mean but I am here to
apologize got my hair done just for this what your eyebrow hair
okay that's too far you're taking it too far
I'm came here in good faith so how about you give a little bit of it back
I'm really trying to apologize now I'm trying to sink into my whole
fucking way I'm not trying to sink into my whole fucking ways here
so I'm gonna show you a little overtrack Chris I don't have time for a
whole thing with you today there's eight more people that lie right behind
you so apology accepted even though fun being us
I don't fucking remember you man Jesus you're fucking me
why you like this why you fucking like this oh what are you gonna grow a
nose you're so angry don't you're fucking lucky man
you're fucking lucky I did an impression of that yet it scared
him away all right look totally different in my
opinion and the guy I remember
yes are you there I'm steel trippy be would you like to talk to me
well hey there it's your local park ranger here oh great
fucking park ranger do not just warning people do not buy
empanadas from this crazy woman in the park it's a woman
I can see the guy who melted from the empanada
no that's a case of the fridays why do you think I don't have any skin
why do you think because the empanadas no sunscreen
just came here to say um um be sure to use sunscreen
it's I don't care if you're black white
other colors of races what my point is you got to use it no matter who you are
skin cancer can develop on anybody it's an extremely serious issue and
you could end up as a skeleton you could end up as a full skelly because your
skin gets burnt off by the sun just came to say that and
stay safe out there some bad epigata is going around
too many messages man stick to the one warning
let's see who else wants to talk to me my name is still trippy be yes are you
there borf borf borf hi trip i'm the dog
good boy borf I like head pads use
use use do that to me I love you borf borf you want to pet me
I squint and I don't look at the body sort of I'm a good boy
are you okay did someone put your head on a human body
hmm I'm a dog I think I shouldn't try to
dig into this because I'll make you aware of your situation what's
what situation I'm a dog borf okay well I think I know uh there's a park range
over there who'd love to pet you so what I want them from you I want pets
from you trip um look at the stick go get it
whoa I gotta run around look for that wow
okay he there's no time to kiss everyone I can't be kissing everyone
okay yes you there you want to talk to me I'm trippy god dammit
hello
I loop, I loop, they loop, twisty whee!
My God, it's an alien face sucker!
Ah!
No, wrong as usual.
No, you won't dodge the coaster.
I came back to say, I thought about it.
I thought about the scenario.
That's real.
In fact, there are more coasters.
There are more coaster trains homing towards you.
So imagine this.
I'm fucking back in the stadium.
The coaster, you thought it was going to hit you,
but then I landed on a piece of track that was just over your head
that you didn't even notice.
And I'm back on a different coaster.
That was the level of coastering I was doing.
I fully detached from the previous coaster in the center of this arena.
Why is that a coaster in the center?
It's an arena-style coaster event that's everyone there to see me.
And I land.
I don't hit you.
And the crowd's like, now fucking away!
People are passing out.
People are fully dying.
People are literally dying in the stands.
And they're happy to die because they've seen perfection.
90% of the crowd dies from witnessing this, from shock.
The mood turns somber.
It's somber, but it's beautiful.
On the coaster track that I'm now on,
even though I'm moving at insane speeds.
What are you fucking talking about?
I'm moving at crazy speeds, but I'm playing a violin.
A full, a beautiful concert, violin concert.
A dirge mourning those who have passed witnessing this.
They're so focused on me they don't notice.
Eight other coasters that are camouflaged in the sky,
because it's night, have been loopy looping this whole time.
Twisting all around.
And they all detach from their tracks simultaneously.
And now the crowd sees it.
They're like, no.
You couldn't design a coaster to target just this one seat.
But I do.
And all eight coasters converge on just you, expertly killing you.
And the violin, I hit it in a certain way
and it transforms into a guitar.
And I start fucking shredding.
And the 90% of people who died, they come back to life.
And they all kind of look like me now.
And I'm their god.
And we all leave and we start a theme park called Elvenwood.
Chew on that you son of a bitch.
I'm sorry, everyone.
I'm sorry that he does that with your time.
I'm sorry that he wasted that hard.
Okay, yes, you there?
Hi, Tripp. It's me, Blarney Stone.
Hello, Blarney.
How about a smirch?
Oh, good luck.
Just a little smirchy.
Come on, Tripp.
Give us a kissy.
Tripp, come on.
Give us a kissy, Tripp.
Tripp, I'll look away.
Uh-huh, maybe now.
Tripp, give us a kissy, Tripp.
Tripp, I'll kiss them.
No, I'll kiss you.
You there.
Should I kiss you?
Come on, little kiss.
Get away! Back, I say!
Alright, alright.
Man, who's a fan?
Sometimes you don't want them to be a fan.
Um, okay.
Yes, you there? You want to talk to me?
I'm Tripp B.
Hi.
Hello, I'm the woman who's been giving out the empanadas.
Would you...
Would you?
Would you like to stop?
Would you like to try one?
Sorry I've been practicing this.
They're to die for!
Well, you can't lead up to it that much.
If you're trying to trick me into poisoning myself,
no trick.
It's the release.
Do you want to get out of...
Do you want to get out of here?
There's only one way out, Tripp, for you.
Really, for all of us.
There's only one way to escape this.
Escape what?
Have you ever left this park?
Yeah, I have a house and...
Just don't go back to it.
That's odd. That seems odd, Tripp.
What if there's a way out?
No, you're not tricking me.
You're not getting psychologically...
Boom-bazzled.
Into eating an empanada.
That's gonna murder me, so...
You're not constructing some elaborate mental prison for me
or making me think I'm trapped in a simulation.
I'm an interviewer in this motherfucking park.
That reality is rock solid
and I won't be shifted off this mountain for one second.
Good day, man.
Oh, you fucking knew.
You called it. You're so good.
Bye, Tripp. Big fan.
Good luck convincing me
I'm in some elaborate mental simulation
of my own design.
Hey, motherfuckers.
Ahem. Okay.
Let's see who else is out here today.
Yes, you there.
Um...
Hey.
Just a fan.
Crown, what are you doing here?
I thought maybe you wouldn't recognize me.
I was just hoping I could have a
um...
off-the-cuff kind of interaction, uh, Tripp style
because I'm honestly such a big fan.
I'm such a big fan.
Why are you being nervous?
I thought I had an opinion about
all these empaniadas everybody's eating.
Uh...
Maybe they should call them empi-an-yuh-don't-eat-em.
Fuckin' A.
Geez.
Sorry, I'm having trouble
making small talk.
I've just had such a day. Okay, well, what's going on?
Just, you know how it is when...
Do you ever like...
You're doing okay financially, but
you just don't have...
You just need something to get you through the next few months
and you know...
You know you could really pay back almost any amount, but...
You know investments being what they are.
You can't pull all of it out at once.
What the fuck are you doing,
Crumb?
Okay, I'm gonna level with you.
I have recurring
debt payments to someone
and the
interest causes it to grow at about
$500 a week and I'm just
struggling. I'm pretty good for the
principal payments, but the
frankly, usurus interest
is killing me, so you're a friend
and I just...
I know that you're just a stone cold player.
You're an absolute money-master.
You're a money-master.
You're killing the game.
Say what they will about the economy,
but you're riding it like one of those
coasters I hear about. Don't bring up coasters.
I despise them. I just stop by as Rob.
Terrible analogy. You're pissing me off.
If I could just...
Any amount that I could borrow
being the keyword, very good for it,
I would really appreciate.
I've been asking everybody
and I'm not singling you out just because I know you're
a fucking big dollar hustler.
A big money player.
And I know you're...
You can shell out
those clams like you're on the beach.
Or you know, in the ocean.
I just... I wouldn't ask
if I didn't really need it.
Alright man. 500?
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah. And I will pay you back.
Okay. I am
fucking loaded.
Like a fucking baked potato baby.
I got a lot of sour cream
to spray around so.
Because I know you.
And you're being really pathetic.
I'll take that. You can insult me.
Do you want to insult me more? No.
No? Because you can.
I'll take it. That could be
a way of paying you back a little bit, right?
Really just say awful things to me.
I'm trained to take it.
Jesus.
Talk to the hamster
that lives in my bush.
What? Yeah, he's...
I hired him as my accountant because
frankly, he's got prices that can't be beat.
Oh no.
Do you want the money or not? No, I do.
I do. I guess I do owe the guerrilla money
so I shouldn't balk it a hamster
being an accountant. I'll go talk to him.
At 500? Only 500.
From...
Only 500.
Okay?
Yeah. Thank you.
I am a huge fan. Thank you.
I feel like I just picked up like a
wet salamander or something.
Like a really wet, like a
aquatic life that's too slimy to touch.
I feel bad. I feel a little sick from that.
Okay.
Um...
Let's see who else is out here
for me.
Do-do-do-do-do.
Yes, you there.
I'm Trippy Beat. Do you have some words for me?
Guard Reducted
is just getting done disposing of Clementine.
Clementine?
Who-who even is that?
Who even really would that be?
Everybody's fucking done with me.
With him.
I'm not him.
Just saying.
Messed up.
Making you eat the sins of another man?
Why-why?
What have I really done?
Or I look like somebody?
Everybody looks like somebody they don't want to.
I thought Kayce would understand.
Clementine, it's obviously you. Are you okay?
I'm fine. I'm doing fine.
And this is honestly beneath me, so...
It's fine.
I'm leaving because Kendall's coming and she'll be mad.
I didn't-I didn't ask for him to come over here.
No!
Look, I didn't see anybody...
That was...
He said that he wasn't him.
Okay. Can you talk to this next person?
No?
No? Well, will you talk to Chat for a second?
I'll try to fix it.
I'm gonna go to a outside
computer terminal to deal with this.
And Kendall's in the park currently.
What the Baba Duke!
I'm gonna hide that. I don't like that.
Okay.
A person.
Okay.
This is...spill some tea?
I don't know. This is actually tea.
This is real tea.
Jasmine milk tea. Can you imagine if I just
did it all over his keyboard?
I should get him a new one.
Or I should get him a tool that can clean underneath the keys.
He needs to clean underneath the keys.
I can see some
crumbs in there.
Crumbs.
Well, he doesn't have a waterproof keyboard.
I wish.
I freaking wish.
No, I think this was a keyboard
from someone in Chat.
Not like they sent it, but they sent us
the website for this keyboard.
We found one that we really like.
How do you do milk Jasmine?
Stop.
This has regular milk and I can't drink it.
Because I'm...
lactose intolerant.
How'd you get
to the park so fast? I've been here.
I've been sitting on a bench way back there.
Did it work? Did you fix?
I didn't know.
I thought I did.
I clicked all four at the bottom.
You just got to make sure streamer bot is open
or your whole stream won't work.
Okay, bye.
Thank goodness there was that outdoor streaming terminal
for me to interact with.
Okay, I've got to keep going.
Alright, we're almost there.
Let's see
who else
wants to talk to me.
Um...
Can I find this guy?
I mean, he's in line, so obviously yes,
I can find him, but
can I find his most
inner thoughts?
We're just gonna go with this. It's fine.
Yes, you there, you wanna talk to me? I'm Trippy B.
Missed me?
It's
it's
Circus Ringmaster.
Harold wrong.
Harold wrong.
Oh.
Hmm.
Circus Ringmaster
Harold
wrong.
I don't know.
I feel like it's been a while.
Yes it has.
It's been too long
in fact.
Oh no.
Far too long
trip.
Bitter long drip
What?
Whoever gave me a clown nose
does not really know how I look
like, okay?
Also, someone stopped me from rapping
It's under my, it's not under my contract
but when the music hits
I feel like I have no joy
You're singing, you're not rapping
Oh, I like the songs
I'm going up, baby, my name is Harold Rock
I'm a stonk, circus master
Doing the stonks and it's a fucking disaster
Stonks, they're like stocks
Except, they're circus stocks
In the circus, we call stocks stonks
And I'm a circus accountant in addition to other things
What?
And I've lost all the money of my entire circus troupe
I feel like such a doub
I lost the money, stop
I don't have time for the lore
Thank you
Thank you so much
I wouldn't have stopped, I know
I know Harold
This is why I'm such a huge fan
Because you stopped me from rapping
Hit my music
No, stop the music, I'll come back
There's still three more opinions
This is insane, this is like more than I usually do
Ah yes, you there, I'm trippy beat
You wanna talk to me?
La la la la
La la la la
La la la loop
Day loop, I twisty wee
Okay, the three is too many
I love wasting people's times
I can ban you times infinity
And it won't affect me one bit
Where am I going?
Bye
God is ass
I set up a fan that you can't see just off stream
And I signaled for it to be turned on
And it blew his ass away
Take that, you piece of shit
Ahem
Ah yes, you there
I'm trippy beat, I'm assuming you wanna talk to me
Good evening, Tripp
Would you like to donate to the church of Hamtaro?
To the coin of other rodents?
Tripp, the shallow bass
Hamtaro
You're gizmo
Ahem, but he accepts all
He accepts all, Tripp
In the light of Hamtaro
Is mainly praised
I know that you wanna donate
I'll just be waiting over there
Ahem
Okay
Let's see who else wants to talk to me
I'm Trippy Beat
Hey listen up
It's Munch
What?
Why are you wearing that hoodie?
So nobody knows it's me
Listen
I'm a bigger fan of your stuff than Krum is
Okay
Be very very quiet
Why are you trying to hide?
Be very quiet
I'm hunting Kwan
Your hair is blasting out of your hoodie
Shhh
I wa wa wa wa
Are your arms in your hoodie?
Shhh
Have you seen him?
He has my money
You didn't give him any money did you?
Is that really you?
You know?
You didn't give him any money?
Because he will
You do not
It's like that gremlin you were just talking to
You do not wanna feed him
Ever
Doesn't matter if it's midnight, midday
You will fucking turn
Alright Munch
I did
What?
Oh my god
How much?
500
He's just fucking
Oh my god
Jess?
Yeah
I was very...
You were very clear
I was very clear
Just 500
You didn't know
You do not know what you've done
He is not gonna use that
To pay off his debt
What do you mean?
He's gonna definitely gamble that shit
I'm gonna have to fucking deal with it
You're gonna have to come with all sorts of more new rules
Alright
You know?
Is your hand in your...
Hoodie or not?
I'm in the hoodie
Alright just accept that
And I'm a Krum
You're a Krum?
I mean I'm Munch
I gotta go
I'm fucking busy
I'm a huge fan
I'm busy
Bigger fan than Krum
That's actually I think
There's two more actually
God damn
Okay
Yes
Yes yes yes
Yes
You there
Oh my god
You better not be who I think you are
I looked the lip-opt
I'm floating away
Oh good I stopped for a minute
Now don't turn it back on
No
Floating away again
I will turn the fan on
Don't think I won't turn the fucking fan on on you
This is the last one
If another one comes in
I will have to do it next time
Yes you there
Oh hey how are you doing?
Greetings Tripp
Don't double
Okay it's me Pappito
My hair's looking
Sick
Yeah you look great
I look Pappito and I just came to bless you
Blessings be on Trippie B
For today's daily prayer
And the prayer is
Uh
There's
In the power of
The
Of the god
The old god
Oh yes
The power of the old god
Probably the biggest god
Um
There's nothing that you can't drink
So
Blab it up
And amen
God bless
And there'll be 300 crumpets
Crumpets?
Foods?
Uh cheese?
Give me something
Oh
Uh go talk to my hamster
He deals with my finances
Very well
Tithings be in thy name
I'm gonna go
See how edible your bush is
Big fan
Uh Pappito's a big fan
I don't have time for this last one
Um
Just know
I love the electricity way
Um
I'm flying around
I forgot
I forgot it all
Mosey Moe
I'm weaving
I'm fucking alive though
Just for the record I'm
Fine
Flying around like this
Alright
Rob
That's all the time we have
Don't worry
I can handle any amount of street
Because I live on the streets
Rock solid in my street reality
The only reality I've ever cared about
Because I'm a street man
Who will never stop streeting
And I'll talk to you soon
Bye bye
Whoa
Okay
Oh my gosh
Darfus
Hey
Yeah
Hey everybody
Oh thank you
Thanks so much
Hi Gorilla
It's good to see the Gorilla
It's good to see the Gorilla
And you, sure
Wow you're actually saying it's good to see me
Yeah it goes
Is that a surprise?
For me
Yeah yeah
My hosts are usually pretty combative
Yeah
Oh is your name Regis?
Yeah
No
Wait no
It's Darfus
It's Rarfus
Hmm
Rarfus
Can we just settle on Darfus?
Okay
I think
Is that my name?
Darfus you gotta know this not me
Okay it's Darfus
Okay
Locking that in
Of course
Jar-
Fit?
Jarvifs?
Jarvifs
That's my middle name
So your name is Marfus
Jar-
Fis-
Darfus
But I
But I go by my last name
Darfus usually
But good guess
My full name is Marfus
Jarv-
Jarv-ifs
Darfus
But all my friends do call me my last name Darfus
And it was confusing growing up
Because everybody called the whole family Darfus
Which was crazy
Okay
It's fun
It was funny
It was a good joke
Okay I'm laughing now
Hmm
Oh that was your laugh
Okay
You ready to watch some internet videos?
Oh my god is that what we're doing?
You've done this before
I forgot
I did I told all of you I'll be honest
I forgot
I forgot all of this
But
I'm ready
Okay good
Donut
Um
Let's start with the donut
Second
Is this what I think it is?
Is this a sweet treat?
Because it looks like a sweet treat and
It smells like a sweet treat
So I'm going to try it and just see if it is a sweet treat
It is I knew it
It was a sweet treat the whole time
Is that horse talking?
Is that like the old show Mr. Fred?
Ed
Wow
That's funny I like it when a horse talks
I think it was yeah I think it was a guy voicing
Kind of giving the internal monologue of the horse
That's cool
That's very cool
That's cute I like
Is that okay for a horse to eat?
Sure
I love donuts
I've been told I have a very active metabolism though
And that I can put almost anything in my stomach
And I just handle it
You do look like you're in great shape
I don't know why I don't work out
I don't
But I
People used to try to give me a place to sports all the time
Because I had all the track records
And you could run so fast
Really fast
Okay
Maybe too fast
Alright Darvin, you're an athlete I got it
No I wasn't it's my point
Okay
Um
Let's watch whatever this is
Then wrap my sh** and go buy
Dog was cool
Yeah he's a pretty cool dog
Look at this still frame
Are dogs allowed to dress like that?
Would people get mad at that?
No a dog that's okay for a dog
It's fun
Should I dress like that?
Probably not Darfus
It's actually Jarv Ifs
That's your middle name I thought
I'm just keeping you on your toes
Mm
Mm
Mm
Oh I bit my lip too hard
Why are you biting your lip?
I was hungry
Watching all that dog food made me hungry
I get hungry when I see animals eat
Okay
Here's more animals then
We'll kind of combine that with this
We're on a sort of an animal theme
But we'll just say that was the animal block
Now it gets its own rating
Every video we watch has to be rated
Oh
Do you take 40 seconds to rate every video?
You've been into videos only like 2 seconds long?
Yes
Wow
That's fun
Mm
We've been doing pretty well I mean animals are usually a hit so you know
These have been higher scoring ones than some of our other videos which
Sometimes we watch some
Really difficult to watch stuff
Wow
Like
Videos of people
Like cutting up fruits
Those freak me out because the knife could go anywhere
The whole time I'm worried about the hands
Yeah you know mostly other stuff than that
That was a 7.17
This seems good
It's pretty good
Is that good gorilla?
Oh he likes it
See kind of the only song he plays
You should get him other songs
No he's the one who's playing it
You should treat him and let him play other things
No he can he just only plays that
Maybe you're holding him back
Try encouraging him more
Things you have to encourage your friends
Okay that's sure
Um
This is Vogue Master
This is some music to inspire my gorilla
Next up on Q-pop Radio time for MCG's
Vogue scene hit
Delectable
It's fresh
Rewind
Oh
Umbastic jobs man
Vogue master
You wish
Okay
Was that a David Lynch film?
Oh no no I don't
I don't think David Lynch was involved in that
Hmm
Can I Vogue?
I can read
You can
I could read the magazine
You can read?
Yeah
Oh no I mean I'm not sorry
I'm not surprised
Okay I'm reading right now
Eight?
There's seven?
Marfous? Can you Vogue?
Yeah
Can you dance though?
Play it let's find out
Does that answer your question?
Yes absolutely great job
Thank you
Thank you
Okay let's see what else we got
Stop baby
You're gonna end your life if you keep doing that
You don't need to let it control you
No more it doesn't need to control you anymore
We need you here with us
So please
Make your next smoke
Your last
Jason Rodelo
That was so beautiful
Wow
I feel inspired
Can we see more?
Jason Rodelo
See what Jason Rodelo is up to
That's the kind of inspirational content this stream really needs
To watch more regularly
He's the CEO
Of Don't Forget to Try New Things
Jason Rodelo
Who's got a tiktok too
I'm glad that he's a CEO
He's making business moves
Here's I still haven't done my taxes
Let's see what we're working with here
I still haven't done my taxes this year
3.33
I'll get to it eventually
For now
I'm gonna vibe
Taxes smacks is right
I'm gonna vibe
Okay I like that one too
We don't have to rate that one
That was just a follow up to see what other kind of stuff he's making
I think
I approve
You better approve of a positive message like that
He's made so many of these
Yeah he's busy
He's busy spreading his message
When you find something beautiful
Never stop constantly making exactly that type of thing
For hundreds of
Where's the first one?
Okay no he was still doing it
How committed is he I'm excited to find out
Okay and we've hit the point where
When did he make his first one
So that I can retroactively support him
98
Wait I'm just gonna see
When was this posted
2022
The earliest version of this I can find is
From three years ago
For three years he's been making this very specific
Joke
Stop it's who says it's a joke
To be fair it is a little unclear how kidding he is but
Anyway I approve he doesn't need your approval
He needs you to listen to his message case
Okay well we gotta move on we're supposed to keep it rolling you know
Well sometimes you have to think and reflect just like he did
And never stop vaping
Vaping? Vaping? Voking?
Was he telling me not to vogue it was vaping
Oh yeah never stop
So I set up my hot dog fountain for a summer party
First I boil a batch of hot dogs I always make sure there's plenty for everyone
Then I pour the hot dog water into the fountain
Stack the cooked hot dogs on the different tiers
My guests can sip on the savory hot dog water or grab a dog
Straight from the fountain whatever they're into
It's always an unforgettable experience for everyone and so fun
Hmm unless there's some chocolate starfish in that hot dog flavored water
I'm not interested never mind
I don't know why you'd say that
Okay
That was pretty gross
It's everybody's got a different taste and that's okay
Ooh maybe we're gonna have another perfect three
3.33 is popular today
Oh nope it was worse than that
Sorry
Sometimes you can't have it
2.86
We're back to the numbers we're used to
That's a relief
This does feel more like home
Alright GTA 6 everybody's hyped
Let's keep that hype going
Just keep going
My name is Dan Carney I'm an engineer at Rockstar Games
I work in the character animation department
Primarily for the jiggle physics for Grand Theft Auto 6
Interesting
I have been working at Rockstar for a little over a decade
Developing Grand Theft Auto 6
To ensure that the human figure is represented as accurately as possible
You see the subtlety the drip here
BBL technology has evolved quite a bit over the last few years
So it's been difficult to keep up
You know this right here
That takes a decade
This all makes sense
Rockstar sent me to Miami to conduct some research
You know the strip clubs like Eleven, Tootsies, Cheetahs, Gentlemen Club
Those strip clubs became my office
And then there was The Office which is another strip club
That makes it incredibly delicious boiled crap
It's just like so many Jumby Jacks
It's a lot of Jumby Jacks
It feels like a lot
It is
But it doesn't feel like a lot on this end
Okay
We did it
Have you had a bowel movement since the coffee?
Interesting
I like that
I've done a lot of work like that
Like when people need to see how just a human moves
They hire me to do that
We can move in all sorts of ways
And artists need to see that in action
Where are you responding to these kinds of ads?
All over the place
Wherever I see one
Just to help an artist I'll do it
Okay, well you do you
I do
I just don't want you to get taken advantage of
Impossible, I don't do sex
I don't like it
Oh yeah, I forgot that about you
Not a fan
Mmmhmm
Mmmhmm
9.4
That's the winner of the day so far
People really like hard work
And they like to see it pay off
Let's see if this next video can keep up
Oh good
Think of the ice cream
Think of the heartbeat
I heard you too
Think of the glizzies
Glizzies and drink glizzy overdrive
By 7%
Locked in
Thinking for over 160 glizzies
And drink glizzy overdrive
Blah blah blah blah
Is that Joey Chestnut?
No
Do you think he's faster than Joey?
At some things
Again I like to see artists do their work
So I approve
That counts
That counts, that's art
I guess
Under certain definitions
Under any definition
He's trying to entertain us
We need to respect that
Who am I to call out another guy for putting on
Sunglasses and doing dumb things
Exactly
It did better than some of the other videos
Is that still a thing?
Are the
What was it?
NPC?
Tiktokers?
Is that still a thing?
Clearly
I just don't know when that's from
Okay
What's going on here?
Speaking of athletes
Let's get into this
Pretty impressive
So is his other leg just tucked up the whole time?
Darfus?
No
Where is he keeping it?
Just don't worry about it
Okay, he was very good
Yeah he was
He was very good
One guy, a leg guy is better than Ray Gunn
I feel like that's more of an insult to one leg guy
Just to even compare him
I like Ray Gunn's
Ray Gunn's?
The whole family
They're a nice Australian family of dancers
It's uh, was she even Australian?
Yeah, I think so
I thought she did great
Huh, okay
Well a well deserved 10
For that particular breaker
We say we should end there
Because that was a pretty good feel good one
But let's just risk it and do two more
Oh
Why?
Just to see what if we top it
I don't think you will
Let's just try anyway
Okay that feels like a mistake
But I'm down for whatever
Just one second
Thank you for the foresight there
Okay yeah we can watch this
That's a really popular game
A lot of people try to get me to play it
But I'm more of a dancer
But a lot of people have tried to get me to play that
I'm sorry
Why? I like a good game
I just
Kind of a lot of wrist strength
Is that designed to
Just trick people for another 10?
I think we found a way to top it
I guess we did
Two 10s in a row
Can we make it three?
Probably not
I don't know if we've ever even had two 10s in a row
But you didn't even remember being here
That's true
I'll forget this right away
RJFH thank you so much for the nine months
Thank you so much
Have I been here for nine months?
No Darfus
Oh
You're beating me
Way to go
Yeah I guess they are
Alright
Let's see if we can do three 10s in a row
Based on this screen cap
Probably not
Why did you click on that?
It was in the list
You thought that could be a 10?
It could have been
But why?
I really want to know
Like what was the thought process
It felt like there was a chance
But why, case?
What if there's a really good joke?
Then make it
Do you feel good about yourself?
I'm not trying to call you out
I'm asking
Do you feel good about what you just did?
No
Okay
That's a learning experience
When you see flesh coke cans
Guinness cans
There's a coke can in there too
Don't make me show them
Alright fine there's a coke can in the middle
I'll do better will you though?
Probably not
You don't deserve Kendall tonight
We're gonna tell her about this
To warn her
Don't tell Kendall
I think we have to, case
No
That's what we're ending on
Yeah I'm gonna send you guys to the weekend
On that particular note
Anyway I already kind of forgot
What we were talking about
So I feel pretty good
Woo
Dancing
That's beautiful Darfus
Thank you
Okay let's see who's on
Alright it's time to send you to Kendall
Oh Kendall's on
Sad note to end on
Yeah just look at the monkey
He's playing his way through it
I think we should raid Bree
Yay a Bree raid
No we have to raid
My partner
Me?
I'm not streaming with you
No my romantic partner
Case
Sorry but no
I know but
Okay that's gotta be the right
Yeah that is the right one
Would you forget how to spell your girlfriend's name?
No I just don't know
Sometimes I forget what she streamed under
You're not streaming sorry MSG
Oh the vacuum is that Kendall?
No you've seen Kendall on the stream
Hmm
Okay well
Weird one to end on case
I know I thought you forgot
No I remembered again because it's still on the screen
It's still on our screen
It is still right there isn't it
Yeah could you move it?
Nah I gotta close all this up after
Okay well everybody have a great weekend
Try not to think about the things you've seen here
You can think about me if you want
Yeah just think about Darfus
It's actually Jarv-ifs
That's your middle name
Keeping you on your toes
My name is Marfus Jarv-ifs Darfus
You struggle to say your own name
No then I'm just pronouncing it correctly actually
That's how I say it
Oh so it
Let's not be rude at the end of the week
Let's go to the weekend with a smile
Despite all you made us see
I'm smiling
Is that your smile?
I got my lips up as high as I could
It's a Darfus raid
Say hi to Kendall for me
And have a great weekend
Bye bye everybody
Thanks everyone
Thanks for hanging out
And we'll see you on Monday