Move out
Everybody's always talking I'm literally constantly ready to immediately move out shit. Can't all these goals
I guess from sponsor here's in diamond city and I'll
Fallen's basement
Providing top of the line fashion to diamond city for over 10 generations. Oh shit fashion. I could stand to probably look good as hell
JK I definitely already do you seen this look you seen this fit. I'm in fucking turtle armor. I look good
Be more you may just take you out back. I'll just sleep while they're talking
I feel great now
You're all hard dog just quit squirming so I can get these bandages on think you're some kind of hot shot
What you're trying to start shit with me
You stop talking in the middle of talking shit. It's cuz you saw my ass. No good. It looks
Whatever about the other guys
I
Don't blame it blame them given how things are if you really feel that way then give them a chance
Look, it may not seem like it, but dance is a good man. He's just all soldier
Protocol this is bread and butter and right, but you know what I trust both of them with my okay
We're learning their dynamics. We can better take them under like there's nothing to do
I don't know all I want to do is leave and do this thing
I'm doing this ready to move out
Ready outstanding follow me and try not to write
Well, look at him go
Full armor that's the kind of REM cycle you need this type that fixes all your broken bones in an hour
That's the good. That's the kind of natural sleep that you just can't get with a pill
Really, you can only get with a pill not entirely sure the load times on this game are
Surprisingly high given that it's ten years old and they have a pretty new computer
Those stars are the shootiest
The sleep we're all chasing tough
I'm so well-rested. Oh my gosh
Is this the speed this man moves at? Look at this big ass armor. This is the fastest you can go I
Ran so much faster when I wore a big armor like that, but now I am the big arm, bro
I
Don't take risks. I take my hatchet
Okay, I kill the crows
I
Get some crow meat
Who are these guys?
Excuse me. Are you friends?
Give me how much stuff can I hold I?
Still hold a hundred more pounds. I got stuff. I can just throw stuff on my dog. I should pick up everything. Oh
My god, they're not friendly. Oh you think?
Yo big mistake where'd they go? Damn, dude, not too shabby retire. I
Endless bullets
What
I
Need you to speak up the music seems to be way louder than you turn the voice up. There we go
Maybe we turn the music down just a little bit and the radio down just a little bit. There we go. Okay, that's
Target
Are you George Clooney, why do I know that name? Oh, no, why does Chet know that name?
That's supposed to exist in his reality
That guy does kind of sound like George Clooney, although why would it be?
Why would it be?
They're just bugs man. I literally murder of growth. He didn't get around to it. Unfortunately. Wow, that was a tough dog
Bottle caps that cow had bottle caps on
Do-do-do-do
That looks pretty cool
Yeah, he looks all right
What's up, man? What's up? What's up, man? You want to hug?
I'm at I'm taller than you
You're in that armor and I am still taller than you
How does that work?
How hunched over is this guy?
Artjet systems, but shouldn't be any exterior. There it is. He's still packing my my
Shot glass a desk a fan. What's up, man? Where'd you go? You're going here. I'm in the darkness again
I'm in the darkness. I'm a log
Yeah, I'm ready to go
Locks and loads like this
Oops
They also made some cool stuff though like these lights
That was to the point where I can't even take stuff off their corpses. I never got good. I can't
Hey, who did that though?
Who did that though dance? Look, it appears as though the facilities automated securities already been dealt with yet. You said that
Let's secure. He's good security to worry about negative. There's nothing good about it
There isn't a single spent ammunition casing or drop of blood in sight
Robots were assaulted by Institute since oh
No, what are this isn't that the same as robot? They're an abuse of technology created by the Institute
It's unacceptable. They simply can't be allowed something a little murderous. I'll be on the lookout Roger that let's move
That you're down to murder a bunch of sentient robots. I mean I murdered a bunch of sentient people
I'm not gonna get all jittery about murdering sentient things now. Oh, it's dishrag
Free bucket and a free mark
What's up? I'm already sweeping dude. Don't worry
tidying up all of the trashes
Well blood sack in a can see if you can find a way to get that door open bitch door this door
Something tells me I have to talk to this computer can't break the code shit. I can't
Reminder password security. Yeah, what is it? Oh, I got the passwords. I'm good to go. I did it
Security doors open that shit
Nice
Oh shit, I leveled up to I mean I forgot that I'm constantly becoming infinitely more powerful
What else can I do armor? No this thing
Toughness no
Wanderer
And even get better
Sneakiness I don't care about dirty
That's your health and action points draining from sprint. Well, yeah, let's just get somewhere in a second
Where oh, hello fellas
Oh, I'm pissed off. Oh you pissed me right off. That was a mistake
Your first mistake was pissing me off
Shit fusion sales. I'm a little fucked up
I'm like very irradiated
My god, use me. I'll do it. I'll use the power of jumping
Hello
And this music is really pumping me up. I did I sort of I was like get butt naked
But while he was flying through the air and I was hacking at him
I've been doing some pretty violent stuff lately, and I feel fine with it. Is that does that mean I'm losing my mind
Nah, oh and are a weapons workbench
Dude, you're moving too fast. I can't grab all this valuable trash
like there's rocket ships and toys and a saw and
A bunch of fucking light bulbs. I do seem kind of
Stronger than maybe I should be
Yeah, I honestly kind of was doing this nerd rage build as a bit of a bit of a joke
It's kind of working a lot better. I thought it was
Jokes on me
Chats too damn strong
Got it. Oh opened up easily
Where we just were this room looks the exact fucking same it is the same what was the point of that locked door
Listen, it's not hoarding if you build. I don't know
Generators out of it
You've never built a generator on a like a bunch of squeaky toys
Things are different in your reality. Oh another terminal for the CEO. Why didn't just in a random room? Oh
My god, this is too much reading. Let's skip the last one all of the unrest overseas making the USA nervous
USA they're telling me that they have to delay a year depending on what happens trying to keep everyone spirits up around here
But it's getting harder and harder. Hopefully our government will work things out. Well, you know, it's best to remain hopeful
I appreciate his optimism. I think we still might get it together. Oh, I love these. This reminds me of home. Oh
Man, this is so relaxing
Wait a minute. What? Oh my god. I just had flashbacks
What's up, dude? See anything? Where's the mission we're supposed to be on? I lost track of it
He blew up a turret seems like this guy's got it taken care of. I don't think you really need
Hello anybody in here who an overdue book. I might return that for them and tats so much looting
That's what I'm doing. That's like 1,000% what I'm doing
Backwards. Oh my god, the level design is a little
Looking a little the same to me. Oh
Yeah
Hey
New cacons great
Time to load for ten minutes
Watch your foot. That was too fast. Oops. Oh, don't kill him chest
I'll bait your blood thirst for a moment. I he showed his back to me and I thought
Maybe I'm having a maybe I'm having paladin back fat tonight
I
Engine start button. There we go. What the hell?
Okay, whatever
Overburden come here, dude. Take this
I'm holding too much shit. Hey, I'm holding way too much shit. Even though I'm so goddamn strong
take this fat man this junk jet and
These power arms that I'm for some reason still holding whoops and yeah, take that and
This and take one of these
Shit now. I got so much room for stuff
That noise. Oh, can I kill him with it? He's standing right under that. I
Don't know why kind of want to kill this guy, but I sort of do I did the dog does now have a new killer arsenal
Some people say that's irresponsible dog ownership. I just trust my dog that much that I gave him a new
He'll do what's right the ghetto. I trust you to make the decision for all of us
If we need to be nuked just do what you got to do. Oh shit another fusion
He's a strong dog. I only love strong dogs on my journey with me. Oh
One of these again does beat. I
Think it's beat. Yes. I'm bad. I'm just too good
I'm just too good at hacking due to my high intelligence. The engine core is operating on emergency power
It's your energy. I'm not critical. Okay power options
started
stick
It's too easy
Engine core power restored to be totally honest. I don't even know what mission we're currently on
You just said go to this place standing by. Oh great
You guys made a big mistake and that
What the
My god, he looks so human
Use me. I just had another smart idea. Did you just shoot my dog for real?
There's still more man. Oh, I'm pissed off
I'm straight up pissed off
You block that even while I'm moving in Mad Max vision, I mean
Whatever that other game is pissed off Max I
See think I can't lose pretty sure I can't lose. Oh my god so much stuff
Geez we killed a lot of these guys
I
Was sort of like a super violent massacre. How human are these guys? Yeah, it doesn't matter. Oh a shock baton
Buried the lead almost web homes
What's the new shock batons deal?
Shock beton 40 damage
Nah
Max jet. Yeah, Max pain is what I'm trying to think of
And the Chet should know what Max pain is either I'm fucking with his brain too much fight
Interdimensionally communicating with them. What does this do? I'm a little worried if I press it. I'm gonna kill this guy
This is precedent accepted
Commencing five second countdown
five oh
I see we could have
Probably handled that whole fight with this
But then wouldn't have still killed this guy
I love rockets cuz I'm a skiant is so this is Skynes for me
Engine firing is big is it big peter or big eat the
The first translate to big dong
Dang big peter is pretty funny. I think it we've been saying big ego though. Oh whoops
We're sending you
We're doing a funeral for the robits
But they are well made they did not react to that fire at all
Play this
Let's see this shot glass. Oh, that's the gun I picked up. Oh shit. He went postal, but with a junk gun
I'm not shooting my precious junk. I need that to build shelves
What are we doing Dennis? What are we doing?
Just leaving
We just leave them. Oh
Back here. Okay. Yeah, I
Have no idea why we came here or what the point of this was
That night on the same page there this an exit and be I do you can't seem to give big Edo a treat
Which is obviously very upsetting. What are we excuse me Palin and dance?
He's not talking
What are we supposed to do? I didn't we come down here? Oh
There's an elevator. Oh no
Check closed out his dog
Kissing to make sure the elevator safe. Oh
I made it up here
What oh hell yeah, don't block me
Who do you think you are oh
I'm in man of action
This is fun. I'm like constantly on the verge of death, but I've never felt more alive. Oh man more computers
Gotta use my science brain again
Again test. Oh, I could have done it from here
All right, no, that's interesting
Wow a lot of stuff in here
Muscle calc marksman's hair trigger
trades, please. Oh
I got it. Let's get out of here. Oh, that's what we wanted
We wanted some random thing this robot was holding. I'm addicted to eat. I'm addicted to the lifestyle
Yeah, let's thank you for the praise praise be the big eater. Oh, they don't want to come in with me
They don't want to be in this elevator with stuck in this elevator with chat
They say going up how up am I going? What the hell? How'd you beat me?
There's stairs. Well, should have told me about the stairs. Wait, do we go up or down?
I'm all turned around. I'll just take up my axe and follow this guy. Oh glowing stuff
Come on big guy
Are we
Not as fast travel. I will just fast travel the police department
Let's do this
Chet sprinting as we speak
along the
Cycle of music is on this game. Should we level it up again and to I love it got another rink of armor
and
That might be it
That's fine. We're getting too tough give us more experience for being good boys and doing the mission
I've been such a good boy, please. Are you supposed to be at Arc jet with Paladin dance? Was I supposed to leave him?
God damn it. I thought we could just I
Was traveling so fast. I thought you know, he's keeping up. I guess he wasn't
Cheese for shit. I don't think there's any cheeses out here. Well, I guess we learned our lesson
When you're walking with some slow dude, you just got to walk with him. It's really thinking about it
He's time of meditation for me
Asalaam duke nukem
I pray in the name of all who have
gotten a radiated for peace and world love
This is what I take this time to say
Call for an expert
I don't I feel like there's a need for an expert cheese expert
I only really know one of those as far as I know I only know one someone's asked for cheese expert
What's the cheese question?
Sorry, I'm jacked into this check guys brain right now
She's please is this like a cheeseless future and that's why everybody's so sad
What I don't really know how to help here. I'm just a dog simple dog that likes cheese
Speak to Paladin dance. Oh man
Where the hell is in the building
What's the best flavor of cheese?
yellow
That's my favorite ever. I see a good yellow cheese. I got excited
What makes your favorite cheese what milk makes your favorite cheese. Mmm. I thought we worked well as a team
It's a refreshing change to work with a civilian bug milk orders properly that being said I believe we have two important matters
If you'll hand me the deep-range transfer, I think you'll find this weapon useful
It may it serve you well. Oh, we got the guy. They got him a laser rifle
I'm not oh makes it
I'm a I'm a not a say no to the any whatever that is as I like a good yellow cheese
Thank you
There's no doubt in my mind way. I see it. Is this George Clooney. You could spend the rest of your life wandering
You could join the brotherhood of steel so
Yeah, I'd be honored to join. That's what I wanted to hear meet me back at the police station
Yeah, just join whatever that's my advice
Just don't say no to anything
He makes a wacking and smacking and whacking
He's whacking and smacking and whacking
travel to the cops
What are the cops house?
Yes much kicks puppies. I was once a puppy or maybe still am and I guess vote for crime then. Yeah
Yeah
So I'm trying to not make the stream political so I had to cup a pito off
Yeah, well lack of investment in politics is what got us into this situation where all the houses are dirty now
Dude, I got some radiation on me
All right, we got to kill a bunch of ghouls
The Knights of ghoul, they are kill the ghouls in college square
All right, where's that?
Hmm. I can't believe I joined a whole new brotherhood. I
Get it though. Like I got strong brother energy and they couldn't keep me away. They're like we gotta let this guy
Where the ghouls at you there?
Wow, how I say
Try being nicer like me
Oh
What the hell? I'm just trying to lose stuff stop it. Maybe they'll just come to me and give me a high five
Hello, where's the rest of them?
Ghouls, please you're a ghoul. Hey, I'm persecuting
Get murderous. I'm doing persecution on you. Whoa
Big mistake, ghouls
Get chopped
Oh shoot, I'm nearly dead
But that's normal. I'm pretty much always nearly dead
All right, did I do it?
Currently, no
Where's more of you guys you need to get axed. I got a question to ax you about
Oh, is it I'm supposed to go underground. How do I do that? I get it now
I was just killing ghouls extra ghouls
Keep our streets safe from
seemingly crazy zombies, I guess
Vigito
Beware of the door. It will eat you. Heck, I didn't handle the ghouls as well as I'm about to
Hello ghouls. I don't even know who hit me. All I know is I'm pissed off
dustbusters
Impacts I'm picking up stuff in slow motion. Oh sick free war money and drugs
Who knew that subways were so cool
It's filled with cash and drugs box really strong
Can I just like jump in here? I
Don't want to I you know what? I don't want to have to like force my body through here. It would be awkward
I'm not even bothered another Farrell as cool. I'm a little beat up. I
Am a little beat up. Hey leave my dog alone
Feral ghoul
Hmm my vision's getting a little blurry. Is that a bad sign you there? Oh shit. We lost the chat
All right, this time though in this reality. We're gonna handle this super efficiently
He was so confident. I you know, I really thought he could survive anything. Oh
You know like that some of the ghouls already dead negative. Oh baby carriage down at all ominous
Bear what's up, man?
All right get ghoul done
Evil spin probably do the blocking occasionally now free kickball. All right
horn
How many stimpaks do we even have?
At some point I might have to let check get rid of some of this radiation
Even though I like him having no health at all
Does it make some constantly go into slow motion mode? Whoa?
It's climbing
We got a climber so much stuff
Um
Oldie food. All right
Colander. Oh my god. I have so much trash. I might have too much trash. All right, this time though this time
These ghouls don't stand a chance. Oh, we just learned how to block
He just discovered blocking
Now Chet's even more unstoppable
Adventure or something. Oh, I am check that was using his reasonable voice for a while there
Now I'm back and I'll feel like myself again
You know
That's a waste of resources. I feel great. What you gotta understand is me at 30% health is most people at 300%
Now that I've learned to block I
Think I'll never die again. I've also never died
In this reality, I haven't done for
They got us found a key
Okay, I quickly say
Take a moment to register the greatness of my life
Rude as hell
Who else while I'm feeling it who else
Get some skeleton. I'll unlock this in slow motion. I was doing slow. Oh, you hear that? I said nice
Alright, I guess the time has come
To lose a little of my radiation
Though it honestly makes me really sad
We'll gain some back
By
Condemn some new Coca-Cola the ultimate health drink. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah, that tastes great
Who else that that was choose being sneaky you there. I need directions for the next person to kill
Pretty sure that guy was attacking me with no arms and I am impressed by that
What's up, man?
Sorry about that
Nothing. Oh, I had a key rack so clean
All right. Well chip. Yes
Yes, mr. Ding-Ding what the hell oh
My god, is it gonna explode? Excuse me. There's nothing to do with this
That's alarm. That was a little spooky. Oh hell. Yes. Oh
Great news big Edo. He's got powered up cuz I read a comic. I always knew comics was good for you
You don't stress you're strong as hell now. You're 5% stronger. Oh
All right, nice. Yes, we did kill all the ghouls
Every ghoul died
Sixty minutes man
Yeah, this song is just straight up about fucking I approve
50 minutes of blowing your top this guy's got stamina in all sorts of ways. All right
What else what are other quests
Fox press and Garvey report your success pull the plug
Let's get more requests from this guy
See you alive and well, sir. I'll be in luck. Sir mission accomplished
We have the transmitter finally some good news for a change. Look at me. I'd help nice work, sir
I didn't do it alone. Yeah, look at me. Rhys
It's time to welcome our newest recruit to the recon me. He shows a lot of promise. Yeah
And with the proper guidance, I think he has the potential of becoming one of the best
Yeah, I won't let you down. Thanks. I promise not to let you down
You don't have to prove anything else to me getting that transmitter was enough so you decided to stay, huh?
I expected you to take your payment and run. I don't have to prove anything to you
Yeah, you do you need to prove that you aren't gonna put a round in my back
See me put him in his place. Rhys that's enough like it or not
You're going to have to learn to work and you you need to understand what it means to be a part of the brotherhood
We're not soldiers of fortune. We're an arm if you intend to stay within our ranks
You need to obey our tenants without quit
Don't worry, I've spent time in the military
So I'll get I only asked for two things from anyone you fall in line now before I release you to hailing and Rhys for your assignments
From this moment forward. I'm sure this is only a time an initiate
Thank you. Thanks. Ad victorium initiate. He doesn't even know what that means hailing. I'd be probably means new to
Ad victorium defeat is unacceptable our rallying cries. It means add some victory points weapon
You could ever carry right now. I need you to report to hailing or Rhys for your okay. Hey, all right out with it
What's your game? I hope I haven't offended you again, which has been polite
You're not the military type. Well, I can't figure out why you're sticking around. Are you here want my son?
It might be the best chance well as far as reasons go should we want to move over immediately
I'm gonna cut you some slack because that's but if you step out of line and put any of my brothers or sisters in danger
So ready for your assignment hero
Ready then listen up like it or not one of our most important duties is to keep the Commonwealth, right?
I'm talking about mutants ghouls since the abominable. This is simple
I'm gonna send you to a target and you're gonna terminate everything that calls it home all the details
You need don't come back until the job
I'm familiar with that kind of mission go somewhere and kill everything. Excuse me scribe hailing
We still giving you the cold shoulder. Yeah. Yeah, you give me a mission. I
Rhys only sees one Rhys bleeds brotherhood. It's if anything else comes into the I believe brother
He shoves it aside
Is there something between the two of you that's none of your business
Just so are you ready to take on your first assignment? I wanted that hot goss
Great, let me explain what I need you to do one of the brotherhood's most important duties
Is the recovery and preservation? I have a list of locations that contain our here
This should cover all the information you'll need to good luck
What about you
Why do you still have a green dot? Excuse me the Commonwealth isn't getting any safer with you hanging around the police. Okay, get going
Amen word on the street is you we're gonna come kill some Raiders, man. Just thinking maybe
Maybe we just talk it out or something man
We can be reasonable. I don't think I want to talk to that guy actually
No, they need to keep these comms clear this is official brotherhood business
I don't want to be talking about weird-ass Raiders. Hey, they really load this shit out
These load times can take a minute. What the fuck just happened? What the hell?
I didn't even hit anything
What? Oh, I guess we'll just reload this
That's a little bit weird I feel like I'm traveling through time
I'm on a journey of discovery a butterfly afflicting all over the place butterfly deflecting
Shit, do I did I not get the mission?
Please don't tell me I have to go back in there and talk to those guys again. No, I don't thank God. Okay
Support the brotherhood recon team and we kind of did that we'll take that one off
Turn these ones on report your success at Oberlin settlers. All right, I can do that
It's an interesting loading event that happened back there
Oberlin yet
Hello settlers great news. All right, give me something
Give me some props. I killed these ghouls that were giving you trouble. Stop what you're doing talk to me
You did that's great news
Bella you and the minute men have our gratitude and our support. Oh hell, yeah
All I can't stop creating settlements
This one has no defenses
This one needs a turret
Can I just build one? Oh, I can
Well, great news
There's a turret in the middle of your crops
Now you're all totally happy. I got two beds. Yeah, everything here seems fine
All right, wait, do you have more missions for me?
No
Yeah, all right, I
Should have known
Sometimes I don't trust my own ability to travel through time
Accidentally accident travel backwards
You got to be careful with Chet's time traveling. What's this guy doing? Oh, no, he's so depressed. Oh
No, Preston's depressed. Look at him in there
Just sitting all alone
I'll go cheer him up. I told him I killed a bunch of people things are tough now, but they'll get better
Excuse me I cleared out that spot you sent me to instead of a radio be holding there
That's green moon once folks have some place to call their own
They'll be willing to help defend it as usual. I have something else
We've gotten big enough that we're having trouble communicating with all our settlements
It's a good problem to have and I have a solution
I think it's time to retake the castle retake the cast to be the men and men HQ way before my well fortified
Centrally located and most important. It has a powerful radio transmitter. We can use to broadcast to the whole Commonwealth. Okay, I
Agree it sounds like just what we need right now
So should I have an assault? Yeah, get ready. Let's do this. I got a gruesome recon and meet you outside the castle
You could do that
How happier I should put all this trash away how much stuff do I have right now 322 pounds of crap
I got rid of a hundred pounds crap need to sell a bunch of guns to build a trading post
stores
Trader I have to be a local leader. I don't want to be a local leader
Which thing even is that?
Charisma probably I have three charisma
Animal friend attack dog. Oh my god. You need six levels of charisma to be a local leader
That's crazy. All right. We'll just travel over to
here
Yeah, this place had guys before
That place had some guys. Oh
We called it. Hey you there to spend your time I stuff in your hide my arm that advice is free
Harder with me buddy. Can you control your cow? Please take a look don't cheap out on armor
That's a good way to get yourself killed. All right. All right, man. All right
Sort by value
Righteous authority. I don't think we care about this
We'll hold on to both wedding rings
for RP purposes
Compensated powerful pistol. Yeah, we never use that that we like. Oh my god. I still have these. I gotta put these away
I'm just carrying around full power
RP purposes. Yes art for all of my piss purposes
Sell one of the cell both
Never gonna use that. We definitely don't need seven. We don't need any shock
Actually, maybe we want one I guess we can try modding one
Don't need
Weapons and armor what I'm trying to get rid of
formal hat
All right, that's fine
Amir Amir
Good to see you. Thank you for the sub
Four months of a mirroring. It's sincerely appreciated. All right. This seems
Fine
Take my stuff, please
Dog give me all your shit now. Hey
Dog wait there
Stop it. Come on
Um, give me all that. Oh shit. I took his armor though. Damn it. Hey
I didn't mean what he had equipped
Gotta say I don't love the menuing in this game
Uh, yeah, take your dog collar back and your
welding goggles
There we go
zero resistance
Oh, he didn't have enough to pay out to the road and you got a better chance of surviving
Oh, so I was giving him shit for no reason. I didn't realize that was even a mechanic
I'll take a look. Sure. My price is a firm
Haggling gives me a headache
Well, you got no money
Give zero money
So you're dead to me
Put our power armor in here
Okay, what else is around here what else is in the wasteland?
You're listening to uh
Uh diamond city radio if if you're listening at all. Here's sheldon almond with crawl out through the fall out
Probably some bad advice overall
Uh shaka 42 000. Thank you for the resub 16 months
16 long years of months
A super mutant
Can I take these guys on why are there so many of
Hello, I snuck up on you. Sorry. Oh, shit. Are you super strong?
I'm getting a little beat up here if I finally bit off more than I can chew
What's this guy doing?
Finally a worthy person to bash
got you
well
Turns out they were not that hard to kill
Oh, they got boards that exciting. That's exciting. That's how they made me feel when I split them open so easily
What happened to that dude that was just walking through here?
Anybody else notice that there's just a guy
It's kind of casually walking through our murder fight. I guess he left
I mean that is what I would have done
Skull faceplate. That's pretty sick. Oh, is there just a guy? I haven't
Deranged visions of random man
Who I consider being a singer instead of the soldier
Then I remembered how much I like killing stuff. I don't even know where I'm going
What's this? Look at this over here. Bye. Bye
Oh, I already own this
Maybe Kendall took care of that for me back in some other time back in the other times
This the hell
Is a nice spot
Nice spot to sleep my ass off
Yeah
Paytime, please
Sleeping so hard sleeping so hard
And I'm I'm starting to wake up and I'm away
Oh, no the gito
He's become one with the floor
God damn these irradiated wastes
What won't they take from me?
I'll go get help. I'll go get you like a carpenter or something. We'll make you comfortable even though you're a house now
God damn it. I just lost my best friend in the world. He became a house. Well, I guess I didn't lose him
He just is the thing I can live in now. I'll remember you biggie toe
As a beautiful dog at a not the best house
Florito
Now he is florito
Oh shit nevermind. He's fine take it all back
Damn that was an emotional roller coaster for me
That was a coaster tycoon experience kind of just wonder with the long edge of the maps
I want to edge these maps
Ah ran too much like look at this random thing
What's your deal?
Fuck tape. Oh mind if I do
Oh beautiful farm. Oh, I can't go that way. Oh, I'm right at the edge of the map
I really am
Nice
I'll live on the edge
Yeah, he almost became philadelphia experimentito
Oh, no evil dogs biggie toe. It's your it's your sworn enemy the dogs that is bad
Fuck you for being what the hell these mongrels are vicious
Oh
Oh, I leveled up in the middle of bashing these dogs up
Mongrel meat dog collar already got you a sick collar. I guess this is a different collar. Oh my god. They killed a postman
These dogs killed a postman even in the dark future
They hate postmans
In honor of you, I'll strip you
But I won't ogle you out of respect
The dlcs is installed
What the oh my god
Oh, these guys are annoying the shit. I can't believe that they're axe resistant
Great to work biggie toe. Oh shit. I hate you
hard
Can I go to the moon? I don't know can I?
What the hell
You
Lake kwan pah with oh man, I gotta read
I need some radax. Well, I like my helping low because then I'm nerd rage all the time
Water quality status probably bad, right?
Yep, it's bad. It turns out
The tons of incidents was the last one
Fishing tournament resulted in 27 reports of serious illness following contact with the water
Oh shit, that was before everybody got nuked
Damn this place been radiated for a minute
There's a moon mod
We get a moon mod in chat
Pursuant to the litigation filed on 716 by the survivors and families of the kwanapahat
loading incident
All records and communications pertaining to the fourth of july the bass fishing tournament are to be retained
Retained folks
Oh, we believe this suit to be baseless without married. Yeah
Wipe the turnable they fail to wipe the term terminal
It's because they got their asses
But you know they just said this is the most irradiated water ever and you jumped right in you're crazy, dude
You're just looking at me. You're getting like fucking fully cancer right now, dude
And you look so chill. You look so chill and he's definitely getting cancer
Oh, well, whatever we all got it. Good. Good boy irradiated dog of doom
What's this thing over here so many things
And i'm pissed again
This time it's the flies that did it flies piss me off
Stim me up daddy
Feeling good. Oh great crabs
Man, they're my least favorite. That's it. It's time to go super sane on this fool. Damn even going super sane didn't you?
And i'm pissed
I'm trying to aim for the length
No, do I need to like crouch?
I'm crouched
Yeah, the shell does seem to protect them
I just don't get how to get through it. Oh, hell, yes
What's up? Ooh bowling. What's the deal with this place? Oh, shit. I this is the place where I can steal
I'm not here to steal
What's up?
Yeah
Exactly it's taken me years to get it all in order
Then look if you want
I don't touch
Anything
it is
Kettle sick this vault lifestyle is made of sick. Oh, okay, so it shouldn't steal anything. All right
We cannot steal stuff
Yeah, it seems like this is a pretty heavily modded game
Probably a couple. Oh, yeah
Me? Oh, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah for sure
Uh, yeah, I pretty much got pretty much
They're like
Yeah, yeah, yeah for sure
Yeah, yeah, yeah for sure
For sure for sure for sure
For sure for sure. We want it. You want a kendall cam?
You want a bowl
Life thousand dollars a game. Do you take caps bottle caps? Of course not legal tender only
Um, do you mind if I just take a look around? I don't know. I'm sorry only paying customers are allowed beyond the reception area
I can't afford that. Sorry to hear that sir. Do
Oh my god, I just can't be here
I have to find five thousand dollars to play bowling. Yeah, that's brutal
All right. We'll return to our missions. We'll do a couple more that we'll call it for the day
I've just been wandering
Wandering the waste
What are our actual missions? Support the brotherhood. Yeah, yeah, yeah, well the count off pull the plug
Figure out the bedford station. Meet the minute men near the castle. Where's the castle?
What the hell
And I was just like right off screen dancing
It's so much more exciting than what I'm doing. I'm just looking at a map
Do you want to do want to kill some stuff? Great. Let me get you somewhere to kill stuff
Okay
That's a cool
Recover the haptic drive at the super duper mark
Which one of these missions will kind of get to actually kill people bedford station
You want to kill some like wasted people like zombie-ish people don't you want to kill zombies?
Just wanted murder full on people. I don't know if any of my missions right now are to murder people
Yeah, I couldn't convince her to kill zombies
People? Oh people
I'll find a I'll find a hole of people for you to murder
This military frequency four
Yeah, chendol did tragically die right away
You know the chet's wife died almost immediately
Oh my god, I forgot
Oh man, that is the biggest moment of my life
And I did forget immediately, but damn man. It takes me back
It takes me right back
Dude, I love her more than anything
But you know this water is gonna kill us for sure. Let's jump in though. It's a little warm
Oh, I'll leveled it. He leveled up again
Chet's a leveling machine. It's like I have a hundred intelligence or something
And you really can't level this stuff stuff up that often
I guess we just continue to become little endurance boys
Hem-resistant aqua-boy
Rad-resistant
Edamanteam skeleton cannibal ghoulish
Solar-powered feels like kind of a waste just putting all this in endurance. Maybe it's not though
Now I have four that seems like luck good for us to get
What will make chet an even better murder fiend?
Animal friend
Gunslinger
Commando
Automatic weapons do 20% more damage that could be good. I guess
You don't really we pretty much just smash things with axes though
Luck is always a great step
Hmm, maybe we switch to luck
Just none of these endurance perks look particularly good to me
Pain training I'll care about robotics. I guess we'll become a little bit luckier
You come slightly lucky boys
Sorry, I forgot I leveled up and I'm trying to find people for you to murder
I bet you can murder people in these labs
Here, I'll I'll even set you up with actual full health
right away
Got him so bad at the menus there
And
Where's our purified water?
Purified water. Yeah
Okay
Probably there's people to kill in
You don't want to be friends with them
No, I mean unless they're green
Hello
How do I hear the game?
This seems like a nice place
Sure
Sure. I'm game. Let's begin the interview
Nice increased demands for staff in all fields. We have condensed the employment test accordingly question one
Do you possess previous experience with polymer?
Absolutely. Sounds like you need me regardless. So let's get down to brass tacks
calculating test results
I am pleased to offer you the position. We just got a job guys
I expect a bright future in observing test equipment. Would you like the orientation before beginning the work in the lab?
Do we want orientation?
Sure, sure. Why not wonderful
Yeah, walk me around
Walk me around. Walk me around. Let me steal your stuff. Yeah
This I can't take that guys
Please find an open seat and we will begin the presentation
If you want me to sit all questions for after the tour of the facility
The genesis of cambridge polymer labs lies in the research of a group of brilliant graduate students
It wants me to leave now
Okay
No
Taking everything. Oh an upper skull. We like upper skulls
face ball glove
of face
Guys, is there anyone in here for me to kill or nah?
Hello
Oh shit. Fuck yeah, dude
Okay, we're gonna walk one more building over he's gonna take a carrot
I don't want any of this
Turn that on
Should I do you think I should listen to orientation guys? You think it was important sensitivity is insane
Oh, I already did that clean black suit you want
Oh dark there. That's kind of scary. Hello
Okay, open it
Hello
Oh a terminal guess what guys I don't fucking care
Oh
Oh fuck. Yeah
I'm inside
Oh
What a fucking waste
Wait, that was the most waste of my life ever
What a fucking waste
Hello, hello, hello
Hello, I'm scared
Do you guys hear that or is that just
Is that actually anything I need to be scared of or am I just crazy?
You know, I don't really care
unfortunately you guys
Oh, what are going on?
Yeah, we love flasks. I have nothing to insert
I insert that insert
I'm gonna let case do all the actual gaming stuff
Hello
Oh, fuck wait. I don't how do I get out a weapon? Oh my god guys
Oh
Get away from my fucking dog. Get away from my dog. Get away
Get away
These weren't people. Oh, what where fuck you get away bro. Guess get the fuck away for me
Why are they jumping out of nowhere?
Get away from
Hey, get away from my dog
Get away from my dog, dude. What the fuck away? What's happening up here? Oh this thing
Well, that did nothing for my fucking dog, bro
Are you good bro?
Yeah, they could go kill themselves. You know what's saying god damn fuck that bro. I'm really heavy. I can feel it
I get cap lock
Cap lock
Oh
Not bad
That was the worst guys. I thought they I don't care if they were once people
That
I want to go in there. I think I can't it doesn't count. I need them to be full-fledged people who understand their choices
And I need them to understand that they're about to die by the hands of chendol. So
And that's a feral. Do I care if if it comes up right here. Oh fucking bitch the fuck away
Yeah, get him get him. I don't care guys
I want them to be real people
That's important
Am I supposed to be finding these is that why?
I don't know what i'm doing here
There's something happening here. Was I just there? Is this important?
I'm just walking around. I'm just walking around. Let's go upstairs
I don't know what i'm doing. We're just going upstairs. Hello
Oh, I'm so radiated. Hello
Oh fucking bitch a lot of things here
Hello
I'm just gonna get radiated. Are you dead? I feel like I shouldn't go near these things
Okay, close the doors
Close close the doors. I'm ready. Close the doors
I don't know guys. I don't know what i'm doing. Are you dead?
Nice
Hello
I'm looking for ghouls
That were once people. Oh shit
That are no longer people
Take your tin can
That don't know what they're doing
Very nice. I don't know what they're doing in life anymore
So it's not satisfying to kill them because they're just ravaged beasts, you know, you know what i'm saying
They're more upstairs
Fucking way this place is
What a hat. That's nice
Is he hot?
That place in. Hello? Hello?
Oh, you can change your current objective to the polymer labs. We need a marker. I'm kind of just walking around
to be honest
without like a
What you got there without like, um
An actual ghoul. Oh, maybe I could I should jump down there, but I won't
Maybe I should
Just kind of walk. Hello. I'm just kind of walking around
Hello, have I been here? I don't want to jump down to get lost guys
Yeah, where we're going we don't need ghouls. That's right microphone. We don't need should I go down here?
This looks kind of
How about this one? What's this?
I feel like we've been here maybe. Oh, yeah, that's okay. Yeah. Yeah, we are just there. Okay get out of my way
Okay, so that means this must be the a room-ish thing we're in right does this look familiar to anyone?
That just looks like the outside, right? Okay
Okay, what about this this looks like outside should I just jump get down fall
Oh, I'm sorry
Oh
Oh, I stopped being hidden. Okay very close
Okay, hello
Oh, someone's uh
Aha
Okay, my bad. My bad
You know, I'll just die. It's kind of fine. It's fine. I die. I die, right?
Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah quick save. Okay. Nice. Can I go there now guys? Is it safe?
My bad
I got all the coffee thermoses now. Yeah. Yeah, I did excuse
Hello, hello
Okay, someone tell me what I'm supposed to do with the things I oh my bad the rads the rads
The rads don't tell me what I'm supposed to do now. I feel like it's important
In here, right?
Maybe I should do something about these, right?
I feel like that, right? Am I crazy?
You said you didn't need goals. Shut up. I don't
This is just for fun. We're just figuring out what to do for fun. Hello
Gotta wash my hands first. Oh drink. I was just for fun
I don't know how to use any of his snapchat filters. I'm so sorry
Okay, which one should we put in here everyone friends?
Do you mind if I just do you think do you think I'll just
Okay, I'll just do that one. No that looks
We'll do this one. Yeah
That looks right. This one's red. So this makes me think it needs
Wait, what I can't insert anything in this one
radioactive isotope required
What
Okay, wow
Dad leprechaun has been subscribed for quite a bit
13 months
And case is not even here to congratulate you. What a rude streamer. How dare he
How dare he not even come over and congratulate you
16 months. That's incredible. You've been killing it. You've been doing such a good job. Oh my god, that's the worst thing I've ever seen in my life
Okay, sick. Oh this is awful. We don't need to crouch
Oh, I got it. Okay
Okay, we'll put this one in because it's red and it seems fun
I won't put 49 because it's close to 69 then we'll use
Does anyone reading this because I'm not
Okay scan sure. Okay. What does this mean? Oh, I'm missing something. Oh, okay
I thought I
Oh my bad. Did not mean to do that. I don't want to see him
Where do I go? I feel like I've been everywhere
Right
Right
Oh back here. Hello. Is there like should I is there like a suit that helps with like
radiation or something
Uh, I just want to okay
How do I open that?
No, I mean this door. How do I open this door?
Maybe there's maybe it was up here this room
My god, I'm so radiated
Oh, right. This was nothing. Oh this guy. Look at that
All right, I'm figuring it out. We don't need markers. We don't need people to tell us what to do. We just do what we want
Oh, there is a radiation suit. Do you guys know if case has one? Do you guys know if case has one is inventory?
I don't know a radiation suit
Uh, what a waste
Disengage containment lockdown
Please use extreme caution
What does that mean? Did I just turn it off?
It's not what I'm trying to do set the kill on sight
They're gonna kill me. I'll be a murdered soon. Okay. What's the next thing?
Clean room, what does this mean?
Have mine sweeper
I hope
I'm so good at mine sweeper. I would blow your guys's mind
Also, if you guys are reading this, I would greatly appreciate that because I'm not I'm kind of just clicking away
Okay, I hope you guys read that
fast
Oh, a wave of robots. I think we're fine
I think everything is fine. Also somehow
Case decided to cook just now. I don't know what led him to cook, but he's cooking guys
Yeah, the killer robots who just activated. Should I just throw a grenade and it'll be fine. Do you think?
I'm not reading that
I do
Delete it. Did I just click deleted mail? I don't know
Should I read all this?
Oh, wait, this is not yeah
About the new dosing patterns. Oh wrong button
The six o'clock hour is there time for a lot of people
Do you think we
Would you say we eat at six what what?
I feel like case and I eat at like noon
Six or seven
And then a shit ton of snacks in between
Right
I'm tabbing. What's wrong? I can't think get out of here
Uh-oh, what's this? Uh-oh
Baby, what I did something wrong
Uh-oh, I'm typing something down here somehow
Oh
Oh
Hit the button to escape he oh, thanks guys. Wait, I like typing
Hello, hello
Time for console commands like what?
Slash s o sabrici
Nice
Let's see
Slash ban this guy I'm here
It's not working guys
Oh wrong button
I don't know what I'm doing here
Are they
separate 430 or 830 to me if I eat lunch that day that's what an insane
That's crazy. So do I turn off the robots or do I need the robots? I need someone to tell me
I turned off robot
This tgm
Do I turn this off or do I need it?
Oh my god. So I did it by act. I can't even turn it off if I just say off
What if I type off, please
Is there no way
You can't turn the robots off. You can only kill are you telling me if I never clicked this with the robots and never would have happened
I could turn them off my axe. Are you telling me if I never
Went here
Turned on the security these robots would not come and kill. Is that what you're saying?
What why what happened? Why are you barking?
Pinky toe. Where are you?
Pinky toe
Pinky toe. Okay. Hear me out guys. We run for it
We run
How well do you think I will do it doesn't matter
Oh
Okay, okay, okay
Nice. I'm doing so good
Nice. Okay. So wait, did I just open this door? Isn't that what I was trying to do?
Pinky toe. Why are you sucking?
Pinky toe stays come here. Pinky toe. Stay step away from the door. Okay. Hear me out
You can run without a marker till I do it again. I don't need markers. Okay
I don't need them. I know it's only 45 steps. Is that what that means? You think it's feet or steps?
It's probably feet. I don't need it. Okay
I'm gonna figure it out on my own. Look, there's more windows over there
I'm getting so much. I'm getting radiated bro. Oh, you guys hear that?
Huh
I'm figuring it out like a puzzle. You know what I'm saying? Oh, it's meters. Okay. That makes more sense
Thanks, guys. Pinky toe
Okay, we'll run for that room. That room seems good
Pinky toe. Oh my way
Nice. Where are the killer robots? Where am I supposed to go?
Did you just fucking move? Oh, maybe this one
Everything's seeming right. Oh that boom. I did it. Is this where the marker was telling me to go?
Like dead ass
That's a fucking problem
Okay, there's a green guy coming
I'm gonna need you to yeah, I'm gonna need you to kill it
Want me to axe this bitch? I'm not gonna axe this bitch
Okay, sure, okay
Okay
Okay, all right
Let's do this
Is it coming? Do I have to step in the door guys? Because that's such an inconvenience
Rad away
Rad axe, rad away
So, I don't know which one did I do first guys? I don't remember. Is that right?
Is it coming? Oh my fucking god
I pressed the wrong button. How do I get out of this?
Is it coming?
Hmm, okay, let's just go. Oh right. I can't go that way. Can I run with this?
Oh
Hello
To what? What's the button for the axe?
How do I exit out of this tab?
I thought the fucking machine gun does nothing. What the fuck guys?
Do I want irradiated blood?
Okay, I took it. Do I want brain fungus?
Okay
I can't go through there. What a fucking waste guys. That was such a waste
Wait, what was that vial from the brain fungus? You want me to run back?
This one
Bigito
What are you doing?
Bigito
Where's bigito?
Bigito
Why are you up there?
Bigito
Hey over here
What look at you. You look insane right now
Okay, am I going back upstairs? Does anyone remember?
Oh wait, I go over there over there
Nice, okay this right?
Oh, fuck yeah, dude
Okay, did we read what we wanted because I didn't so we'll just do that one and we'll just do that
This one and then we'll do it
Okay
scan
Don't gamble. Oh, no legitimately
Don't gamble
Get the goodies you need. I don't know what that means
I can't take this out. I already put it in
Family is what quicks. Oh, okay. Sure quicksafe. Okay. Now we gamble
Wait, wait, wait, hold on. Let's go back for a second hydrochloric acid
And tungsten that sounds explosive
I just did I'll do it again though. You see everyone clicking quicksave. I clicked it. It's setting quicksave at the okay. Here we go
So, how do I tell it to do it run? Here we go
Wait, that's not doing anything
Was something supposed to happen was I supposed to do something else? Okay
All right, let's do gold
no tungsten
and cobalt
Okay, here we go
Yeah, Cambridge polymer labs
And then we I'm not gonna look at anything. We're gonna run it
I'm not looking at any parameters. I'm not reading any screens
I'm not quite sure where I'm actually even trying to go for guys. I don't really know
Maybe I should read but like how many of these can I even?
You know like
How many
Combinations can we do there's four of them?
four
Times one is four times two is eight times. How do you do that again?
How do you how do you check if there's all?
How do you check how many combinations there are if you have four things? That's like four times four times four times four
No, is it four times four times four times four?
Isn't that it is am I not crazy?
Okay, yeah, so I was kind of on the right track, but I was doing it backwards. I was like four times one is four times two
Okay, four times three is 12 times two is 24. There's only 24 combinations. So like how many like
You know I'm saying
Okay, I'm actually not sure what I'm supposed to do
But I feel like I'm
I'm the right track
Return the applicator room and insert the component. Oh, there are components. I have to insert. Wait, or is this the applicator room?
Lithium hydride. I don't have that
One can watch the polymer line be applied to a piece of power armor producing
I do not have lithium hydride
You need to extract the ions
Okay, look these are the things I have I have these okay
Oh, you know what then absorb the tacos. That's how I'm going to read that
Okay
Wait, I don't need to use this room
This guy, right?
There's something here I'm supposed to do
Hello
Hello
What happened to the unidentified samples you had before?
Well identified them all and they're all these
Hydrochloric acid gold tungsten cobalt, but if there's a lithium hydride, I don't hydride I don't
Know where that is
So you're telling me there's more than four
I really I picked up five things
Entering the h-gram. There are two doors straight ahead the storage room on the left contains an anodeiophen sample
3111 or 3,111
or 3111
Lithium hydride the adjacent door leads to another small lab containing identified sample 413 gallium
What entering the atrium there are two doors straight ahead
Okay, so
Let's just say I entered
This is where I would technically enter no
Because wait, what's what's the what's considered the atrium? You know what I'm saying?
It's this can sit. Is this considered the atrium?
Gallium loves metals. Oh, that's good to know
Because I got a shit ton. Is that the thing that makes it explode doesn't anyone know I'm talking about
You play fall exactly like lethal company. What what does that mean?
Okay, so hear me out two doors straight ahead
Uh over there. Oh that am I looking at it guys?
Fuck off. No way. No way
You know what y'all didn't see that either. Okay, y'all didn't fucking see that either. Okay
Here we go
Watch this
Oh, sorry. Sorry. Okay. Identify
Identifying
Identifying
Amazing. Okay
Okay, wait, that's still not lithium
So is there like an another one? What are you looking at? What's over there?
What are you looking at?
What's over there?
What is it?
What?
What is it?
I need sample three one. Okay, wait, wait, so wait who fuck
Is lithium trapped in the well boy? Is lithium trapped in the well?
Corrector should be adjacent to the gallium room
That one
Oh Jason that one. We just went in that one. No, then I cool
Did I just find everything?
Oh my god, I didn't go in this room. Fuck you. You fucking listy of
It's nice
You're already
Pigito pigito
Guys, we've been in this room all along. Okay. I want everyone to know that
Okay
I don't scan loaded regions
Scanning lithium hydride. Am I saying that right? Is it hydride hydrid?
Hyde ride
Okay, here we go. Which one was it again and then this one and what one of these?
All right, we're gonna go with tungsten
Check current fabrication parameters
Apply output. I don't know what any of this is meaning
Quick save. You're so right. I can't
Oh fuck. I keep pressing the wrong buttons
quick save
Wait, someone says gallium loves metal. So that's gonna be fun
Wait, I don't have that. Am I crazy?
Then I just pick up gallium. What happened?
Then I just pick pick it up
Oh, I'm just gonna do what you guys say chat. I'm just gonna I'm just gonna do what you guys said. So
I'm just gonna do that
We're running
Wait, did we want this but did we actually want this combo?
Okay
Hey, can you come read this for me?
Pie pie is no clique
Say that say this armor say the armor say the armor
Uh piezo nucleic power armor chest
It's not pie
Is this the one we want?
Is this is this what we want or do we um
Do we want something else?
I'm taking it take
Can we do more?
Oh my bad
My bad. Oh shit. Oh fuck. I'm fucking every dump. I'm suddenly so heavy. I'm so heavy, baby. I'm heavy
Yeah
I'm getting caps lock. I'm still heavy
Can I do more? It's heavy as hell though. Oh now we'd be too heavy. It's not what we want. It's what we deserve
Oh, so we do want this
Ah
Okay, we're carrying a super heavy power armor chest plate says the destructive one
Cucumbered
Why am I cucumbered? Oh my gosh, do you want something?
Hey
Want trade
you want can he wear this and he can't wear it that's so sad how amazing would
that have been if he could have just worn it okay well I keep pressing it his
name's Bigito according to you guys cool-cumbered I think he can use a gun if
you give him one heads up like what a pistol how funny would that be like a
minigun can you wear a hike can you wear this helmet guys you can't so sad what
else can you will you be able to use this guy you can have it you can take the
gun I'll take the gun back you can have a pack of cigarettes you seem like a
smoking dog you think you'll wear a red dress this game is terrible now oh Gina
says she's cucumber cool-cumbered that's funny you think he'll wear t-shirts oh
he'll yeah you can have a switchblade maybe he'll put in his mouth and tear
someone apart you know I'm saying all right can I go in here now can I do
anything else or is that it is that it was that all I can do guys I just take
these backer what I did everything the clean room was unlocked what does that
mean oh the clean room this way this room hello oh yeah is there something else I
have to do now hello whoa what the fuck hello there's drugs in here did I missed
I missed drugs please so oh thank you okay do you want all of this oh I took it
you want that pack cigarettes you know a flip lighter you want the bugle oh I
can leave now okay well I did it baby I did it what he's beeping at me bro okay I'll
do that I guess oh hi what the fuck why what do you want for me what oh big Eto
please please hello oh shit
big Eto oh how pretty oh my god uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh folder foam
wonder glue oh there's so many in the lab yeah look I'm heavy I'm happy he could
do you keep play it now I don't okay well you think I'll fall through this hole
guys oh whoa oh big Eto oh like what oh wrong one like what junk okay okay okay
okay okay this hey this one how do I drop just one okay okay okay wait whoa big
Eto I swear to fucking God have I been here have I been here okay that was a
lap big Eto I swear to fucking God what is your what is your issue what are you
growling want a lunchbox did I need to come out can you see you want the
lunchbox oh yeah yeah yeah yeah oh yeah yeah oh my fucking guts howie I don't
know I don't want to oh my fucking God well this is an issue there we go
of course I'm dying should I take cuz I'm dying just that's good enough for me I
take something for that
bitch this oh okay that's nice okay hello hello maybe an obvious question but why
not leave because we're exploring we're exploring Erica Erica I'm sorry I know I
haven't been the best husband but I've done everything I can to try to protect
you since the attack if you're reading this I hope it's because you finish the
project and use the radio to signal for extraction I can't hold out you think she
did it you think I should finish the project oh shit whoa I don't care for
this stuff all right guys that was the end of it the comic permanently inflict
2% limb damage plus 2% limb damage how do I take it oh oh hello hello hello I think
it's all up there is this place do you want extinguisher fuck yeah okay I guess
that's it I think I could jump on this oh all right that was fun
uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh this I don't know it's nothing bullet fragment whoa what the
fuck how'd you know this one too what the fuck you want spine absolutely don't take
it all right that was fun all right bye everybody bye that was fun bye we're
back my god I did so much Skynes in there it was insane did you see all the
science I was doing I didn't see any of it shut secretly Kendall still here my
secret is Kendall still here do the load times on this game all right but my
computer should be able to do better now we got to go drop off some of this junk
and we got to go here yeah oh wait I don't want to drop it off here I've
made a mistake I think I did terribly burn the goose goose chat be real with me
who's better at reading chat absolutely you are 100% well I feel like I'm the best
added actually I feel like I've never missed a thought RJ FH good to see you
that little is a secret Kendall you meant are we carrying so much stuff oh no I
mean it's I've had this much stuff for a minute it's our heaviest job don't need
this don't need that don't forget dog meat is carrying the new piece of legendary
power armor that's the thing you got oh my god but I don't even use power armor
I'm gonna put away all these outfits that'll probably never wear I will get
that off big eat them everything else is fine and it doesn't want those big
twitch checks going in come on every week she gets up every month she gets a
payout for $1 I bet there's all sorts of people that are to still subscribe to you
don't even realize the kind of thing I forget to cancel all the time I'm
still subscribed to John Madison who almost never streams but every time I
see it I'm like ah whatever I'm colored I must hold on to my wedding ring it
doesn't have any weight it's $2 yeah you're right someday Kendall might stream
again you know we never know be lit to really never know a quick rest to heal
all of our bones look at this stripped power armor big Edo give me your stuff
why are you so pissed at me it's like it was my fucking armor moving out he's so
mad and I guess your favorite character the director that Kendall just killed with
the axe the Institute director or it by weight yet again and we put it away that
was power armor right airball yeah power radiation exposure increases action point
refresh speed oh we're constantly exposed to radiation a lot of favor to ask your
kid yeah do it silly but I need a chair something with a nice a fit for these
old bones can you do that for me yeah sure you're glad to help thank you I need
to build her a chair that death long conquered was bad news hummer I'll
build you the best chair there is lady you killed a death claw with one bullet
come on it's our wildest chair yeah or quite the other options okay I like
these check it out they can check out whatever you want I assign you to this
chair that didn't do it for it built you a chair literally just out the middle
street to that chair you're so kind helping me like this with this quest I'll
stop complaining when there's nothing left to complain about how do I build this
lady a chair it's still my list I just need to trade gear with you can I give
her chair maybe it's cuz it's outside it's a specific chair oh how do I know
which chair are you getting along just fine it's nice to finally settle down
after spending so much time there's oh yeah you spent a little time on the run
when you were younger oh yes you have to when there's a bounty on your head a little
elderly advice don't double cross all right I just have to build one of every
chair I feel like this is kind of thing they might highlight under special oh of
course someday I'll tell you all about it I don't even know what special is but
maybe there's special chairs oh okay that's a chair alright lady great news
gonna put it okay bye-bye he's gonna be the guardian of this town facing outward
yeah you got a chair now lady how'd she disappear that fast I was thinking if you
have time later maybe you want to go take a walk along the river I can't I have
a morph yeah well maybe I can help did I wish I could if I put on the roof I
wonder what I got it I can still move it actually I'm just busy right now where
though she was just here she moves like Goku even though she's an ancient method
done done done done done oh my god mama Murphy I hate you oh there she is let
me just stop approaching the chair did you notice something I need to sit down
kid okay yep you see it incredible I'm afraid I'm not much youth in a fight
anymore but back in the day folks used to call me Murphy the mad woman hey you need
the site it's telling me man tax and give us the right high for another insight
into your destiny all right here have some drugs you go that's it I can feel
the site opening up you're looking for a man getting vision to sinister death
congratulations help you but he ain't gonna be the man you expect he's somewhere
sex for drugs is a pretty good nickname it sets up the whole business for you
by folks with nothing but but there's an echo I'm thinking the past can help you
man and the angry woman tell them to remember the quarry and Lily June right
she's just saying crazy stuff now don't mind me kid the cameras I think I'm
gonna kill this lady if I keep giving her drugs so I better make sure I've got a
good supply of drugs I also built myself a chair this is a chat chair yeah my
butt cracks wild I observe my kingdom I built this with my own sweat and shotguns
and axe grads chat yeah who's got the stronger chair all right we got to
finally go to I have to talk to press and Garvey again what am I not talking
to press and Garvey where's this guy oh wait that's the oh I have to kill a
bunch of people that are taking over base to do those in a quick this is on the
way to that or that it's spicy I didn't even realize I thought it'd be
flavorless without them handle hey spicy food and the recipe said put chili
flakes on it so I did it was a mistake you don't like this one oh my god I just
slept with this lady a drug username thank you for the follow we've been
selling drugs in this game in honor of your name hmm all right away we go we're
gonna sprint their top 10 hot asonic character style follow it were wolf
protag when I don't know what that means river evil their follow it were wolf am I
missing a important piece of follow lore that I should definitely know oh my god
evil mushrooms Chet's pockets are absolutely stuffed with brain fungus
yeah my pockets are pretty thick with brain fungus that is true but never know
when you might need a good fungus for your brain if your brain's acting up oh it's
time to fucking show people who's the king of the wastelands excuse me sir
shooting is illegal axis or not it's time for justice this relax anybody
else we want to be men of peace now big eaters going crazy oopsie they're
shooting it's bad of them they are misbehaving this is other person they
were just trying to have a shootout that I rudely interrupted your way oh geez the
axis state law compliant exactly chat is a law man or close it's my honor to keep
these streets safe by killing anyone I see with an axe at last people can rest
easy heck that door don't it wasn't even a door where is diamond city damn it
wherever it is it's surrounded by seemingly constant machine gunfire that
is doing his best axe cup whoa look at that that looks ominous oh my god it's
time to obey the law the law of the axe all right about that guess you weren't
super enough what you there you say and I hit like something and then he just
died whoa now they're shooting me fellas I'm probably on your side there you go
let's all be friends good job gentlemen good job I am stronger than the Hulk but
unlike him I'm always a man of peace sorry that one was weird at least we got that
meal out of the way though that's not in the fridge what do you mean you can't
open the gate his lady's in distress it needs my help I got orders not to let
you in Miss Piper I'm sorry I'm just doing my job but they're shooting the
man he's face models in this game are unique reporter I'm sorry but mayor
Mcdonald's really steamed Piper saying that article you wrote was all lies I
wonder if I had played this right when it come out came out if I would have been
like well these character models look great you open this gate right now Danny
Sullivan I live here you can't just lock me out they got the full video game
locked in upper face you can't do this to me oh geez open up it is better than I
that's true you wouldn't have thought that they were dated then it does look a
little dated one in the diamond city right yeah I want I just got here but what
what's that you said you're a traitor up from Quincy you have enough supplies to
keep my god they're so smart for a whole month she's using her you're gonna open
the gate and let us in are you gonna be the one talking to crazy Myrna about losing
out on all the supply geez all right who do you want to kill a whole vault of
people better head inside quick before old Danny catches on to the bluff you
still don't want to kill an entire vault of men with guns and it doesn't want to
sounds good great day is this a fast travel location now have I done it and I'll
just go in there later oh it's not Piper who lets you back inside what's up dude I
told Sullivan to keep that gate shut you devious rabble rousing slanderer the
level of dishonesty in that paper of this camera printer scrap for parts who that
a statement mr. McDonough tyrant mayor shuts down the press mr. McDonough
because the mayor's threatened to throw free speech in the dumpster support we
believed in freedom of the press oh I didn't mean to bring you into this
welcome to the great green jewel of the Commonwealth safe happy a fine place
to come it is lowest in Clark your money so I was in Clark don't let this
muck raker here tell you otherwise all right I'm sure your city's a great place
yeah great now was there any uh mr. person trying to find some trying to find
someone who dad a boy infant boy did you say kidnapped sure well McDonough
Diamond City Security can investigate this how about all the other kidnapping
reports don't listen to her well I'm afraid that our security diamond city has
every conceivable service no boy one of our great citizens can sure looking for
any infant child please who can help sure and I'm sorry I don't have time I'm so
persuasive this is ridiculous diamond city security can't spare one officer to
help I want the truth is that he's good against her what's the real reason
security never investigate I've had enough of this Piper on consider you and
that little sister of yours on no yeah keep talking McDonough that's all you're
good for hmm a big diamond city welcome from the mayor my dog my dog does not
give a shit about any of it but stop on my office later I have an idea for an
article you'd be perfect for oh wow what was that look do you give me the
evil eye right at the end there I thought we were on to something money money
money mayor's voice does sound familiar sounds like a dad got a classic dad
voice or maybe a doctor or maybe every dad and doctor for 20 years hmm alright
well we did this so let's go let's go free the minutes man and then I'm
gonna take a nap chat finally gets even more rest level 14 you really do level up
a lot faster when you have 10 intelligence almost like we're leveling up twice as
fast it's axing time alright we just gotta go left yeah looking for diamond
city you can buy a house I think we're pretty broke I think we are pretty
broke
$2,000 to buy a house
stop shooting me it's inconvenient oh yeah a little bandana on you want him to go
red I'm on fire I'm extremely on fire
oh did you use all my stimpings
to repeat oh shit gotta sign off one of the super mutants is coming
dog you got him dog
right up all right dog this is what focus up you need a bandana
barrel red bandana please yeah and oh you look great it was great
earthwack any weapon you loot even if you don't want you get ammo from oh no I
didn't know that I mean I'm not using any ammo but I should still probably pick
him up it's just you I feel you have to manage your weight so much pick up
guns but I do have 10 strength another emergency signal my god oh no run
from the flies they're too annoying to fight still chasing blood bug and we
are pretty irradiated we are getting pretty irradiated oh no I'm creating so
many explosions in my wake Jesus when Shet comes to town it's not great for the
property value pretty pretty irradiated have you been to Boston so honestly a
little bit like this oh shitty jet leveled up that loves to level oh baby
it's a great time to be chat because now we can hit even harder with his bat well in
this case act more melee weapon damage and gain increased chance to disarm your
opponent I assume they get disarmed whenever their arms go flying off which
they do do oh I could use vats more often that's true are you a friend this
guy so chill what's up dude slim you got that look like you Jones and for
something what are you you know I've seen a ghoul before don't worry I ain't
going to have a router than I thought it would you mind if I use your workbench
sure why not maybe take that into consideration when you're thinking
about what to buy what's his workbench cool weapons workbench I can upgrade my
bladed tire iron and iron all right there's no upgrades at all you want to
kill a bunch of crabs all right that is a reasonable
in distress please proceed to the south Boston military checkpoint parade
coordinates are available as a safe house okay now we're going to go what's up
dude that's a good way to think of it it is already perfect all right how am I
so constantly is this where to go need to go south and then eat cross this river
and I just need to go east
up birds
I could be looting everything like a desk fans what oh there's some mutants in
here that need to be dealt with oh my god look at these blood sacks what's that me
oh shit oh I'm freaking out man
oh no that shed exploded wait isn't it followed by DLC for the ground breaking
title rock man I think that might be what I'm playing yeah and that guy popped with
some force I forgot that they do that that's what that beeping was that makes
sense doot doot do anyway I'm fine shit I'm so far away so far away doesn't
anybody stay in one place anymore thank god I added that perk does quick
saving all right we set the backtrack a little bit and maybe this time I don't
engage a bunch of super mutants that blow themselves up not that that's the
thing I oh I could just swim this easy swimming feels good all right I'm a
little bit irradiated maybe it's time read the way and I'm a little thirsty I
do think water is a sign of weakness but I'll try okay this time I you know isn't
this time that I'm attacking super mutes I will plan out my assault that was my
plan plan was super effective plan done change the game
hey who's fucking with my dog a dog was fucking with my dog sorry about that I
killed your mutant dog next time try getting a normal dog like my kick-ass
dog who's there you go yeah yeah let's do this whoa whoa whoa whoa oh shit is my
arm broken that's fine I'm fine actually but his arms a little broken dude these
super mutants use their evil mutant magic to summon a mutant storm short pipe
right aboard got bloody ass boxes all right I think it's safe to say that this
area sucks oh bottle caps bottle caps please yeah but I'm getting all irradiated
again okay well don't know why I did that but I did those mutants needed just
as brought to them honestly Boston has pretty shitty weather oh those are their
blood boxes I shouldn't I shouldn't mess with their blood boxes those are their
blood boxes rat poison nice don't mind if I help myself to a little rat poison
damn it I'm still on the wrong side of this river shit dog we rent the wrong
way oh Chet's gonna own no straight any goes oh no I guess that does mean it's
not this is an anti-rat stuff game how can you do the rats of all the rats
are poisoned I found a building why do we want this shitty building yo folks I say
pack it in this building actually looks like it sucks everyone's here general
there it is pretty impressive huh it's real name is for the independence but the
minimum always just called it castle now you can see why I wanted to take it
back mm-hmm impressive for 600 years old it's in pretty
good shape that's right our primary objective is to clear the courtyard all
right all on this side is the most exposed but if we circle around south we
could also reach the main gate what if we split up we can flank them from both
sides it'll be like shooting fish in a barrel all right lady okay Chet's thinking
draw them out set up a firing line and I'll draw them out sounds good we'll
hold back and wait for them to come to us just don't get yourself trapped in
there all right people you heard the general let's move out try not to draw
their attention until we're in position I forgot Chet's a general general man
escaping the new all right a rank befitting of my muscles look at this
I'm nice and today many of you will die in fact all of you all of you will die
but just know your sacrifice was in the vein of making me have more
territories all right good talk inspirational oh my god they're just
shooting like crazy my god the dogs just howling easily done a seven-star general
who has two woman names they're unique name minute man all right let's try this
whoops wrong button actually that's probably not a bad idea oh they're not
close enough but now they're super close go for it Chet
oh Chaturated this is yeah we're back on held I was too fine only I barely played
it till now what's your deal dude do we do it we need to focus on taking the
castle back what we did I killed all of them look at them they're all dead
surely there's no more Jesus there's got to be a better way need an auto-aigre
their location oh you can eat these they are full of little monster crabs are you
sure you want to eat them wow this is the toughest egg in the world okay oh my
god leave my dog alone psycho the fact that lets that dog block your path is
interesting choice interesting game design there oh you hit the rage button dude oh
my god we made that crab do a sunset flip incredible it's incredible well flame
thrower okay that seems like the kind of thing that can kill bugs hearing bug
noises you there get that's done prepare to see Chet in full motion action oh got
that oh my god a rocket launcher okay I guess let's equip those yeah missile
launcher sure sure I forget the ones every time or what about our flame thrower
gamer the fun name favorites hi beautiful now we can flame these bugs hey bug
balloon sounds like the kind of thing I will eat to say that I did oh my god dog
meat baby big eat though please always legendary legendary got him chat thing is
literally legendary oh my god and there's even more sounds like a job for rocket
launcher he took it right to the face why does he have full health again oh no shit
I don't think I'd saved recently either oh no you love among us me too I play
the game for quite a bit oh it's saved anyway thankfully I don't know what's
happening there oh my god dude he did a he absorbed my rockets and came back
stronger hmm you might be in trouble you might be in trouble here maybe we
finally hit something that Chet can't just whack to death let's lead him to
our friends you're no match dude I'm on the wrong way let's run up here guys I
found something shitty yeah you deal with it what the hell he's immortal power
of that compels you why is this helpful again oh my god maybe we can't I did some
damage to him and that's just a full health and one shot at me could we
possibly be woefully under leveled okay so it comes back cuz he's legendary all
right so he's got to kill him more than we're doing got to kill him a little
extra I think running to my friends was oh I know what to do we'll leave a trail
of fears for him Gito you know stop it oh my god he barely cared he barely
cared he's so fast he's too fast Jesus but also I have doesn't care that much about
fire maybe he hates explosions you guys hate explosions Jesus oh my god he's
just one shot at me full health I don't know maybe I have to quit this but I'm in
the middle of the mission though I don't even know if I can quit it oh no what
a conundrum what do I do to this thing that wasn't pretty sick deathcam time we'll
try to space out our illusions more you know stop it my god he's such a soldier
hey maybe we try Molotovs on him oh that's true we could go grab the super
armor I just actually I'm not sure if we can just right in the middle of this
mission can we fast travel just in the middle of this let's see
faster okay okay so maybe we do go get the super armor yeah we'll be right back
we'll literally be right back in like two days get the fat man not a bad idea
alright transfer armor please how should I put it at that other place I put it at
um I put it at the one that's closer to think sure I think I put it did I put
it oh it was in there the fact it's called a peril and not armor fucks with
my head for some reason okay this oh it's the I think it's the rest of the armor
though that I might have put somewhere else yeah okay I think the rest of it's
at maybe I just put it on this so why is this all fucked up how does this even
work oh okay how do I put this on I've never actually done it do I just attach
it to this like switch something out it's all we have is the chest I think unless
I'm being crazy there's an equip option okay I see alright let me have to repair
some there yeah repair there there great modify oh I need a better rank okay yeah
whatever spotted up baby okay oh the leg is still fucked up oh there is no there's
no right leg how did that happen just straight up no right leg that might be
what I left at that other at the other location right was our brave minute
matter just gonna need to wait a little extra time me to fast travel around the
I think I left it here it'll still work I think we might need all of the power we
can get I did go a little longer than I anticipated all right take both of these
oh I also have Raider power armor let's take that too in fact let's just take
all of this what do we care about this we're sanctuary folks Raider power
armors where I see all the story at the other place just to have it the hour man
you're the several days men we'll bravely defend your people eventually
all right we're getting there we put away the leg and the torso and these
shitty Raider things and we need the leg keep the leg Raider Raider Raider Raider
right leg right leg is what we want we jam that shit on here we repair it and then
we jam it on here all right and we need the arm or missing a fucking arm too
grab the Raider armor just the only thing we didn't need is the torso because
we got a new torso that makes sense repair you care about modding you equip you
okay at last we're good to go at last we are good to go we need to focus on taking
the castle back jet run run you force sorry guys all right
stim packs that's good news god we're losing more chats every second use your
guns I don't promise I've been so lackadaisical about picking up Emma that
I really don't have much ammo which I could see being a problem here maybe we can
really just hope that shotgun does this oh my god it really does not do much drugs
oh drugs is a good idea all right what do we have let's assess our situation got
almost no ammo for that we have this flare gun this has literally no ammo
somehow I've never hooked up 45 70 ammo does that make sense we have no missiles
left I have this quick draw a pistol I have a switchblade see what our pistols
doing oh no the pistol is not the greatest let's do in something we've got a lot
of bullets for it all right I think so whoever said drugs I was on to something
I think drugs is a smart choice here kind of drugs we working with medics damage
resistance that's good jets those time well we're kind of on top of that already
intelligence and perception sure why not who wears buff out let's buff ourselves
yeah and a little brain fungus maybe jets jets close time all right also some time
again oh my god it's become nighttime but it's all this squirming that's all
this for me hey oh my god I just wanted to throw Molotov cocktail that you psycho
rest and get out of the way man oh all right it's not working out quite how I
anticipated there rest in your in the way try this area we work people we aren't
done yet the general and I are gonna have a look at the radio to see what
shape it's in the rest of you clear out any remaining miles or eggs you find
see what you can do once I power this up we'll be ready to broadcast I cleared
out the ghouls that we're giving that settlement trouble glad to hear it
general it's hard enough out here without worry about that got another thing to
talk to you about our scouts have found a promising spot for a new settlement
what that he's we're not gonna talk about the giant bug we just killed
let settlers know about it before you know it we'll have a thriving new farm instead
of waste play we'll take back the Commonwealth one piece at a time
broadcasting all day all across the Commonwealth we really did it just
I've been watching them in and they've got a strong sense of the order to talk
about things then now we've got to pay off on what we started bring the whole
Commonwealth together and make it last this time so you know back to
business yeah but with radio freedom up and running we can broadcast alerts to you
anywhere anytime I'll let you know if I hear anything oh my gosh mean time make
sure to offer help to anyone that needs it and dude I do sometimes I help them
with their heads coming off their bodies one day we'll put this back
together better than ever apparently you can also eventually get armor and guns
that are powered up if you're addicted to drugs so if we run into a good
version of that that might be in Chet's future okay well damn I'd say that's a
success we've saved the Minutemen from their own weak ass nonsense radio
Minutemen all right looks like none of our bread and butter abilities are
powered up so we can give ourselves super melee weapons and we finally upgrade
our precious axum ranger no I'm gonna go back to sanctuary try to upgrade this
and then they call it call out boy how far am I in the story not terribly far we
just had the option to start doing stuff in Diamond City but I instead ran over to
fight all those crabs I would said I went crab mode we have reached out we
haven't done anything there damn our armor is a little bit fucked up oh you know I
should uh repair it man what if that takes it out of my inventory it's all
repaired how intoxicated am I say basically not at all unless you count
some dill pork chops ill-flavored pork chops got me fucked up all right that's
not in our inventory all right sick well where'd our weapons bench go oh no we lost
our weapons I must have scrapped it without realizing it I need to be alone
right now set I'll say his DLC I do have the I have the DLC on shit we
scrapped our workbench somehow we even do that or I moved it I think I must
have scrapped it hit our randomly that's no good rafting oh I can't even build
them oh no why did they even let you scrap those they need to protect me against
but for myself yeah you need local leader I mean there's other workbench is
around weapons workbench is but I don't know what which settlements
annoyingly there might be one here that's crazy I don't remember scrapping that oh
it read rocket good on you there's not one here I'll go there I don't know the
only way you get old in this job everyone's out to kill you oh that's
just a workshop good people just casually walking by saying totally psychotic
things oh there's one in Diamond City yeah I mean
eventually I'll maybe eventually I'll get local leader that's unfortunate that
I I guess I must have scrapped and it's definitely was there and now is that
this just gives us a reason to from the beautiful red rocket all right can we
include the only question I have is if we can improve our bladed tire dryer
tire iron no upgrades available so upsetting no upgrades for a switch
blade what can you do we're also chemists good boy boy all right sick I know
it I am I am feeling slightly absorbed in this game for sure and see I remember
getting pretty into Fallout 3 but I have not played a follow since then I played
that game when it came out quite a while ago but this has a lot of things I like
exploding sort of opaque inventory and just opaque systems in general
fake weapon systems and armor systems for me to just kind of stare and go huh
but like most things if I just like the basic combat in a game it's very easy
for me to play okay well I think we'll call it there though
Chet had a good run today I feel good and I ran a lot I think my endurance must be
up you hate all the green I'm a green man it's a I'm a green guy yeah sorry we
had to use a pit boy for this so we're extremely green it's a green world for
me I'm colorblind aside from the color green and so I requested a green look
to this stream I'm a green shit okay well I'm out of here I guess I guess I'm
gonna sleep that's sleeping for the day when did Chet kill the bug king we
just killed him like five minutes ago got pretty incompetent we did not do the
we didn't do it well but we did get it done she did do well Chet did this guy
inside just didn't help that was a check was secretly in the driver's seat the
whole time quick say all right nice well from all of us here at interdimensional
vault tech we want to thank you for sticking with us again it's not an
experiment on you or anybody we're just helping people interdimensionally with
their transition out of vault life you know we're the good guys so let's see who
else is on who's loader bud oh Bruce is on
Brucey baby all right let's rate him up all of you have a great night have a
great weekend again if you happen to be in town in Los Angeles that is I have a
show tomorrow night 10 30 at the UCB theater feel free to stop by of course
say hi if you do show up and if you're not in LA and if you do and I'll say you're
a wizard all right everybody have a great night oh I didn't even do the raid I
literally typed in slash Bruce Green like that doesn't even come back to Chicago
actually we were talking with Bill and Tim about maybe doing a Chicago trip to
see Andy and everybody well you might know Andy from see all my Chicago
friends so I might I might make a Chicago trip at some point all right
everybody again have a great weekend thanks so much for sticking around we'll
be back on the waist probably next weekend or maybe randomly next week and on
Monday we'll be back with the podcast all right later