I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Case Blackwell said thank you to Apple for dropping a hot sub in my super pack.
It's a huge pack but it always craves more.
Eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one. Let's do it, Pepito!
Hello everybody!
We already got a request for a segment. What was it?
Trent at the movies, we can do that for sure.
Good to see everyone. Not Cases, Brother in Chat. Always love to see that.
We got Propaganda, Dink Sauce, Reverie, Wolf, Aruu,
Bundlesprout, John Michael Citrix, and a daddy, Matt Liddell.
How many of my favorites? S1000, anyone else?
This lady, Citrix, great to see you. Stormburn, Xander, thank you for the UFO.
Sending it to us lowly earthlings. It's always appreciated.
The gang is all here. Last creamy standing. You know, Cas could start streaming again at any moment.
Who knows? Or he's done. But you can still catch him every Monday.
You know, I think I realized I actually don't need to simulstream with Cas.
I thought I had to for that Twitch stuff to work, but maybe I should only stream it on Cas's channel
so that, you know, we can really claim that Cas is still streaming.
Or maybe people love to watch it on two different Twitch channels. I don't know how it works.
Good to see everybody. We need doctors. Who needs doctors?
We need doctors. But who needs doctors when you have been news?
Yeah, this is the same idea.
This is just as good. Just put something in chat. Maybe I'll Google it for you.
That's basically doctoring. Squadstream is cool. Yeah, maybe I should just do it on both.
Maybe I'll just do it on both. Maybe I'll just do it on Gina's channel without her even knowing.
I hack her computer. Then I can just stream as Gina.
Why did I think of this sooner? Live WebMD streams? I wonder if that's...
But offering medical advice be against Twitch terms of service?
If you're not a doctor and you're just Googling stuff on WebMD,
is it illegal to Google stuff on WebMD on stream and then say to do it?
Because maybe I should find out.
Redmar, you got a boil? Yeah, post those pics.
Well, maybe I should encourage you to post boil pics at the cream.team.
Which, you know, if you are a huge Cas fan, not only does it stream on Mondays,
but in about an hour I have to, I have to, I get to stream with him on the Discord
for the cream team Patreon.
Are STDs against TOS? Yes. Only if you give them to chat.
Which, depending on how my streams go, I feel like I'm closer than a lot of streamers.
Playing with fire? That's how you get big.
Is he burn stuff on stream?
Look how swollen my thumb is. Is this normal? Yeah, it is.
Full disclosure, I'm not a financial analyst, but yeah, your thumb looks fine.
That's true. If there's any cops in chat, please tell me.
I know that doesn't necessarily give you any authority over Twitch, but all those times I said ACAB,
I swear I didn't mean it.
Crumb gives off an STD vibe.
You said it, not me.
Uh, Jeslyn, thank you so much for the 100 bits.
Is this pickle okay to eat? Uh, yes.
Yeah, I'm just picking up the vibes from chat and in my professional medical opinion,
in the sense that my dad was a doctor, and I think, like in the movie Step Brothers, it does transfer to me.
I thought that he was right in that movie.
Yeah, was Jack actually in the box last night?
Oh, Kendall, did you post any Jack in the box stuff yet?
Kendall's story has some Jack in the box stuff. She did. Can I spoil this?
You want to talk about your Jack?
Oh, it's already in her story. She got a tattoo.
A tattoo at the Jack in the box event.
Can you-
I don't know how to do this. I have to get on the chair.
You have to stand on the chair.
Let me make sure-
Okay, here we go.
Nice dance.
Oh, that is very cute.
Wow, are those her knees?
My friend got a taco.
We got matching tattoo placement.
That's not a taco. Yeah.
I was too chicken shit to get the taco.
I don't think you wanted a taco on your body.
You know, it was very tempting, but I think I needed it.
I was a coward.
I'm a coward.
You know, Kendall's currently wearing the only piece of case blackwell merch that exists,
and she had to make it herself.
Maybe one of these days I should finally get around to making a bin t-shirt.
I look different?
Yeah, my- those are my legs, actually.
That was a big trick from Kendall and I.
I could, I guess, can I release lubechef shirts?
Does that count as Comcast IP?
Would they ever possibly notice?
If somehow my channel ever got big and I had lubechef merch,
I could see Comcast actually saying something,
but I think I'm probably safe.
Lubrican food handler.
I kind of like that name more, honestly.
Yeah, you know, I considered making a, uh,
some kind of t-shirt for this stream.
Maybe a Pepito t-shirt?
Pepito, do you want a t-shirt?
I can eat. You know what I'm gonna ask, right?
If you can eat it?
I mean, yeah, I guess you could.
Yeah, then I'm sure. I want to eat myself.
Well, no, not-
Not a shirt. And in a shirt.
What does that mean?
You want a Pepito shirt?
I think everybody's saying it.
I think I'd have to have someone design a non-snapchat version of Pepito.
What do you mean?
Nothing, Pepito.
What do you mean by what you just said?
I don't mean anything.
Okay.
I think I'd have to have someone do, like, a original cartoon,
and then I think, or I guess I could.
How hard can Pepito be to draw?
I draw myself all the time.
You do?
Yeah, I'll show you later.
You draw?
Yeah, I-
When I find, like, gunky stuff, I motion around
while I wake it up and it makes designs.
And sometimes it looks like me.
I'm multi-talented.
Okay.
A Pepito plushie.
Have that thing-
Wake up next to that thing staring you in the face.
Okay, I guess you don't have a ton of time
because I do have to do the Patreon at 6.
So let's get into a little bit of news.
There was a VP debate last night.
And in the words of half of my chat,
I'd love to find out how I personally did
as I seem to be in it.
So let's take a look at a little bit of news.
Hi, everybody.
Wow, it's good to be back.
And am I an exclusive, beautiful purple jacket?
Yeah, everybody gets a purple jacket now.
Wow.
It smells great.
I like it.
Purple is the color of death?
Death.
I think it's royalty, Tyler.
I think it might be death.
Purple?
Yeah.
I celebrate death.
It's just a part of-
It's just the love passing through you
and out into the great void of-
of also love.
You know?
I guess.
Yeah, I guess too.
I guess too.
You never let my son play.
I'm just trying to kill time so I can hear it.
It's really quiet, so just so you know.
That's fine.
Donateus likes purple.
Donateus?
I love Donateus.
I think I snapped.
Well, actually, I think Donateus was trying to destroy the monetary
if I remember correctly.
No, he's a big purple guy.
There's a couple versions of Donateus to be fair.
Anyway, you watched the VP debate, Tyler?
No, are we gonna?
I mean, yeah.
I told you do.
Did you do okay?
Because I look like JD Vance.
No, I thought you were in it.
You think I'm running for vice president?
I don't get it.
I look like JD Vance is what people say.
I thought that was just you.
You thought I was running for the Republican vice presidential
position with Trump?
I mean, I'm surprised that he went with you.
Yeah, I'm a different guy.
Whoa.
Sorry, sometimes something just rocks you to the core.
18 months, Uncle failed 2K.
I'm sure you're as surprised as I am.
Thermos?
Thermotos.
I've never heard of a villain called Thermotos.
He's trying to move on, even though he just devastated my world view.
Well, Tyler, that's kind of on you.
I guess so.
Weird.
Anyway, we got highlights.
Wow, you made a highlight reel?
Well, the Boston Globe made a highlight reel,
and we're gonna trust their judgment.
You gotta trust Boston judgment.
Love about a Boston judgment.
Okay, let's see.
Let's see how these titans of vice president thing did.
Some say the most powerful position in the country is vice president.
Who says that?
Thermotos?
We just made that up.
Oh.
Okay, let's see how they did.
I'm curious because I love to be,
I love to know and be good at voting.
This is how you become good at voting, Tyler.
You have to watch these.
I'm gonna vote so good after I watch this.
I don't know exactly how to be good at voting.
20 election.
Tim, I'm focused on the future.
Did Kamala Harris censor Americans from speaking their mind
in the wake of the 2020 COVID situation?
That is a damning non-answer.
It's a damning non-answer for you to not talk about censorship.
Obviously, Donald Trump and I think that there were problems in 2020.
We've talked about it.
I'm happy to talk about it further,
but you guys attack us for not believing in democracy
and the sacred right under the United States of Democracy
is the First Amendment.
You yourself have said there's no First Amendment right to misinformation.
Kamala Harris wants to use the power of government
and big tech to silence people from speaking their minds.
About what?
That is a threat to democracy that will long outlive this present political moment.
I would like Democrats and Republicans to both reject censorship.
Let's persuade one another.
Let's argue about ideas and then let's come together.
Is he doing the usual Republican?
Did anybody watch this and have context here?
Is he doing the usual Republican thing of complaining about being silenced?
Wall saying whatever he wants while running for vice president on national television?
Sorry, this is just so confusing because I look at the screen and I see you
and then I look to my right and it's not you or something?
You have that opposite. I'm here.
JD Vance is on the TV.
Okay.
Why doesn't Case's jacket have an American flag pin on it?
Does Case hate America?
Yeah, why don't we all have American flagpins?
But we're not running for office, Tyler.
Right. Fuck. I get so confused.
The question was did Trump lose the 2020 election?
Wait a minute.
Was it the people who said he did lose that were doing the misinformation all along?
Whoa. No, Tyler, that's exactly the...
That's exactly the sort of roundabout logic they're trying to use.
He did lose.
The misinformation is saying that he didn't.
Yeah, but how do I... who do I trust?
Because one of them said a thing.
And I don't... and if I hear a thing, how am I to know which thing I heard right?
Hmm. I can see how people think JD Vance did well based on your reaction, Tyler.
I'm not saying he did well. I'm just saying what?
Okay. Excellent analysis. Thank you.
You can't yell fire in a crowded theater.
He did? Who did?
Tim, fire in a crowded theater, you guys wanted to kick people off of Facebook for saying that toddlers shouldn't wear masks.
Whoa, wait a minute. Sorry.
I just noticed this face that...
Fire in a crowd?
I just noticed this Waltz guy's face.
Did he always look like this?
Unfortunately, he did make this face because it is his face.
A lot during the debate.
And it is a bit alarming looking.
I also wonder if they're going to include him saying that he befriended school shooters, which was just a misspeaking.
But unfortunately, it's probably from what I can tell the most memorable thing that happened in the sense that it's the only clip I've really seen.
Well, Chris or Trent have the balls to shout fire in their theater.
Can I shout fire in here?
Well, Pepito might get excited and start running around if you yell fire because the cheese cannon thing.
Anyway, he looks really worried.
Yeah, I think maybe that thing about him being nervous could have been true.
I don't know. He came off as a little weird for sure, unfortunately, which is a challenge that's impressive to do when you're next to my doppelganger here.
I'm going to run Facebook for saying that Toddler shouldn't wear a mask.
That's not the floor.
That's not the floor.
Sorry. Fire in a crowded theater.
But he's criticizing the policies of the government.
Sometimes he's got to apologize.
Every American.
Senator, the governor does have the floor for one minute to respond to you.
Please.
Yeah, well, I don't run Facebook.
What I do know is, is I see a candidate out there who refused and now again, and this I'm pretty shocked by this, he lost the election.
It is a debate.
No, Tyler, please.
I'm just asking the questions.
Why should Americans literally the vice presidential debate Donald Trump the advice he needs to hear and not just the advice he wants to hear?
Well, first of all, Margaret, because I've always been open and sometimes, of course, I've disagreed with the president, but I've also been extremely open about the fact that I was wrong about Donald Trump.
Oh, currently?
Because now he likes him, right?
I do think he's currently wrong about Donald Trump, but I don't think that's the point he's making, unfortunately.
Though, I'm sure we can say he is making that point. I'm fine with that.
Also, what did we ever figure out what is going on with his eyes?
Did he get like makeup tattoos? What is happening?
Why are they so eye shadowy?
I think it's the way his eyelids are.
Why is it looks like a clean line of eye shadow under his eye?
Is that how everyone in Ohio looks? I guess maybe it's just a guy liner guy. I don't know.
Make American guy liner again.
I was wrong, first of all, because I believe some of the media.
Why would he wear eyeliner though?
He's just doing a prank again.
Most importantly, Donald Trump delivered for the American people.
Rising wages, rising take-home pay, an economy that worked for normal Americans, a secure southern border, a lot of things, frankly, that I didn't think he'd be able to deliver on.
And yeah, when you screw up, when you misspeak, when you get something wrong and you change your mind, you ought to be honest with the American people about it.
You said you were in Hong Kong during the deadly Tiananmen Square protests in the spring of 1989.
For anyone who doesn't know, he literally called Trump, well, I should, well, literal is fair here.
He called Trump the potential American Hitler like five years ago, and now he's his VP candidate.
You probably saw that in the debate I've heard that, but that is pretty crazy.
But doesn't he like Hitler? So maybe that was a compliment.
You know what, that's a good point, Tyler.
Go to public radio and other media outlets are reporting that you actually didn't travel to Asia until August of that year.
Look, I will be the first to tell you.
His eyes are nuts.
I've tried to do the best I can, but I've not been perfect.
I agree, General.
But it's always been about that.
Many times I will talk a lot.
I will get caught up in the rhetoric.
But being there, the impact it made, the difference it made in my life, I learned a lot about China.
I hear the critiques of this.
I would make the case that Donald Trump should have come on one of those trips with us.
I guarantee you he wouldn't be praising Xi Jinping about COVID.
And I guarantee you he wouldn't start a trade war that he ends up losing.
So first of all, Margaret, before.
So his argument was he went to China and he learned that it sucks there.
Or just that COVID was bad there.
He knew about COVID back in the day.
We got a how to all set it get to.
Yeah, we'll try to speed through this.
Well, there's a little watch the whole thing and then we'll move on.
We talk about deportations.
We have to stop the bleeding.
We have a historic immigration crisis because Kamala Harris started and said that she wanted to undo all the
Donald Trump's border policies.
Kamala Harris was the attorney general of the largest state and a border state in California.
She's the only person in this race who prosecuted transnational gangs for human trafficking and drug interventions.
Stop, God!
But look, we all want to solve it.
Most of us want to solve this.
That's why we had the fairest and the toughest bill on immigration that this nation seen.
But as soon as I was getting ready to pass and actually tackle this,
we're getting the Rogans told them to vote against it because it gives him a campaign issue.
It gives him what would Donald Trump talk about if we actually did some of these things?
The only thing that she did when she became the vice president, when she became the appointed Bordersar
was to undo 94 Donald Trump executive actions that opened the border.
This problem is leading to massive problems in the United States of America.
We could come together and solve this if we didn't let Donald Trump continue to make it an issue.
And the consequences in Springfield were the governor had to send state law enforcement to escort kindergartners to school.
Dad, Leopard, I want to thank you so much for the 17 months.
Yeah, I said, Stevie loves you, point.
Why do the Rogans have to say that?
We're going to find out.
I'll have to expedite things a little bit.
Maybe we don't watch this whole highlight reel and we can sort of absorb.
I can more so give you the cliff notes.
Oh, you did. You watched some of it.
Well, Kendall and I listened to the first half of this while driving to the jack box event in the car.
I don't know. I mean, I didn't see the back half and I was curious if there were any highlights from it.
But my guesses there probably weren't.
Seemed like most people's takeaway was it felt like a more traditional debate in the sense that they were more or less cordial to each other.
Some people were even basically making fun of both of them for kind of being too friendly.
Isn't the way that debates happen like one person just fully tests the patient of the other one by saying insane shit.
Then the other person is constantly on the back foot because they're like, what is even happening?
And it's a confusing mess.
And then they and someone says something crazy that you make a song about.
That is how the last 12 years of presidential debates have gone.
But the second half went to walls.
Okay, well, I should have watched the second half.
I don't think JD Vance won the first half.
It just didn't feel like a particularly inspiring showing from Waltz in the first half.
He gave that we were just watching you give that kind of odd response to his China lie,
which I don't even know who cares about that.
We got to be honest about vacations.
If you say you got a like a jack in the box of our case, you better have a tattoo to prove it.
Kendall has the tattoo.
So where were you?
I don't mean to come down to harshly here, but I just asking the questions.
Hmm.
That's Munch and Crump.
You know, it's actually not far.
They should change the debates into yo mama jokes.
I mean, it would be more watchable.
It kind of the overall the debate felt to me at least the first half that I saw.
It was a more traditional debate also in the sense that it was just two people saying, nah.
So, you know, they'd ask him a question and Waltz would say, we're doing a good job.
Believe it.
And then and then Vance would say, nah, we would do a good job.
Believe it.
And then Waltz would say nah.
And in a sense of like who is saying facts is always kind of very wishy washy,
especially because the first question they asked was about Israel.
And essentially there was no there was no room for debate.
They both completely agree on the approach to Israel, which is support it and let the killing continue.
So America is finally coming together.
You're saying on that specific issue, our politicians seem to really agree for some reason.
Interesting.
Waltz went hard on abortion.
Oh my God, how hard how many did he got?
Tyler, no.
No, the quip.
Why?
I do think he's probably likely to come off way better on abortion.
So anyway, I think Vance is a slimy little shit who unfortunately looks too much like me.
So I'm very predisposed to dislike anything he says.
I do think he came off as he speaks full sentences and he was like being kind of buddy buddy with Waltz,
which I could see some Americans taking is like, oh, maybe these candidates aren't as scary as Trump makes me feel like they are.
But also I really think probably at the end of the day, a VP debate doesn't have a tremendous bearing on the election.
What?
But it's like, it's like the episode of any of any animated superhero series where the sidekicks get like a get a full episode dedicated to them.
And I always liked those because I was like, what's like Ben 10 sister up to Ben 10 is what you went to?
Yeah, but like what's the system?
I feel like the sister was actually kind of a major character in Benton.
Okay, well anyway, apparently we need to move on because there's a lot of stuff to get to and I'd love to talk about Ben 10 with you all day.
But I guess the issues that matter never get their appropriate time.
Unfortunately.
And that's just a side.
He stopped fact checking Tyler.
I did.
He did agree that there wouldn't be any.
We agreed that fact checking is not love.
And honestly, debates are all about love.
And that's what I learned last night is that you can reach across the aisle and hold hands.
And while you're holding hands, you kind of like massage the inner palm and then you're like, what's going to go down tonight?
And then he got excited.
What?
And holding is an art form case.
Okay, well, thanks for providing us with your insight, Tyler.
Do you know who you're going to vote for it?
I got an unfair question to ask because if I could vote for everyone, I would.
But unfortunately, that's not the world we live in.
You can't vote for everybody.
And even though that's so unfair, like maybe I will anyway.
Because at the end of the day, everybody deserves a chance.
What issues are you voting on?
Niceness?
Okay, well, thanks Tyler.
And thanks to all of you.
And remember, stuff's fine.
Oh, that's your takeaway?
It's fine.
It's going to be all right.
And like, if you're feeling stressed, just picture me behind you, giving you a slow backdrop.
And the whole time I'm doing it, I'm whispering, your back feels really strong.
Your back feels great, man.
Wow, do you even work out where you're born with these traps?
Okay, Tyler.
All right, thanks everybody.
I'll see you guys down.
Okay, we got a lot to get to.
We got to get to Tyler.
We got to get to some how-tos.
And we have to roguin.
What a day.
What a day to be on the internet.
Let's do some movies.
Oh, wait, not Tyler.
Trent, 40 minutes remaining.
I got to actually give these segments about 10 minutes each.
So Trent, stay on topic here.
Not a bunch of endless digressions, please.
We're here to watch trailers and cover the news, I think, is what we do here.
Anyway, here's Tyler.
Is that piece of shit confusing me with Chet and Tyler now?
Dude, I'm my own man.
Stop combining me with your other weirdos.
I'd also like to point out the Chet nominates Mayors.
Subgoal was hit, so, case, just trying to keep you honest.
I thought you didn't even work here, dude.
Tyler's being investigated for back rub fraud.
Watch out.
There's the call out for a apparently teenage white Caucasian male.
White Caucasian male.
Yeah, that's what the AP just went out for, so they could think it's you, Tyler.
Trent, what you're doing it to?
What the fuck is going on today?
Why does everyone think I'm Tyler?
That's true.
He's way more handsome than you.
I should know which one it is.
Dude, I'm being...
...prosecrated against.
Whoa, what is that?
You're doing prosecution against me.
Prosecution?
Persecution?
Well, I'm...
You're... yeah.
We said we'd actually try to speed things along today, so could we just do that, Trent?
Oh, there's my name at last.
Okay, fine.
I guess I'm just here for... I guess I'm just here to watch movies.
Technically, that is what you are here for.
That is what you... like what you say you're here for.
I guess you're gonna reduce me to just that.
Hey, there's an Indiana Jones movie game coming out.
So I'm excited for another film.
Well, it's a game.
Do we really have to do this every time?
It is a game, Tyler.
Yeah, dude.
And I play the game of watching film trailers, so let's see how this goes.
It's all Japanese.
It's getting close to being Japanese?
Is Indiana Jones Japanese?
Now that's sick.
Konnichiwa and welcome to Machine Games.
I'm Jerko Staffson, game director on Indiana Jones and The Great Circle.
And I'm Axel Turenius, creative director on The Great Circle.
And thank you for joining us here in our motion capture studio in Uppsala.
Indiana Jones and The Great Circle is a first-person single-player adventure
where you uncover one of history's greatest mysteries.
Daienka.
That's right.
Set in 1937, sinister forces are scouring the globe for the secret to an ancient power.
And only one person can...
That's a fresh take.
Indiana Jones.
You can't escape from the problem.
Indy.
Let me see.
We are very excited for our players in Japan and around the world to get their hands on Indiana Jones and The Great Circle.
I want to play it in Japanese now.
This feels right.
Launches on Xbox, PC and Game Pass on December 9th.
Thanks for tuning in to the Xbox Digital Broadcast at Tokyo Game Show.
And we look forward to showing you more soon.
Arigato, besaimasu.
Whoa.
Look at his unbelievable action.
Oh, slap.
You see that slap?
He just threw a slap in.
You know, inside scoop I'm being told in my earpiece that they actually did mocap Harrison Ford for that.
And that's why the punches are kind of slow.
I thought the punches looked fine.
Yeah, I mean, he's still working hard.
They made him do all the stunts.
They had to wrap him in a big body cast and push him down slides.
But that's the work it takes if you want to have that authentic Harrison Ford Indiana Jones experience.
Part time indeed.
Exactly.
Part time.
I'll just say it like that.
That's how you say it.
Part time.
All right.
Well, that looks like a pretty good film.
It is very clearly a game, but what's the point of even saying it at this point, youngblood?
Better man.
Hey, you know, we all, we all wish to be one.
So let's see what this even is.
Who is the better man?
Apparently it's this trailer.
I know what you're thinking.
What?
How?
What's with the monkey?
Okay.
I guess I was thinking that after I saw it.
I'm Robbie Williams.
I'm one of the biggest pop stars in the world.
But you're a monkey.
I've always seen myself a little less evolved.
The greatest showman is back.
Whatever it takes.
Whatever it takes.
And you know, I never knew you could do that.
You can just make people a monkey and then they're just it.
Now you're doing Planet of the Apes too.
So every movie could be redone as Planet of the Apes.
That is kind of amazing.
I mean, I it's probably, hopefully thematically it's tied in in some way that makes it feel
like more than just a biopic where they replace the actor with a CGI monkey.
No, you're not, you're missing the appeal here.
It's just a CGI monkey, but other than that, it's a normal biopic.
I think it's biopic.
You're actually wrong for as usual.
Caesar had a glow up.
I do feel like that monkey has kind of the X factor actually.
In the Planet of the Apes, every monkey in that I'm like, this monkey could be a star.
They all got that X factor because they're all played by the same guy in a mocap suit.
I don't think that's true, young blood.
Well, I guess we both get to be wrong today.
Yes, if I'd Robbie Williams monkey.
I'll watch it.
You'll watch that.
I'll watch it.
Winnie's Hole?
What?
Did someone put a porn trailer in here?
This is also a game movie.
It's a, it's another game trailer.
Yeah, exactly. Game movie trailer featuring cinema.
Wait, but why?
Activate his brain.
Man, Winnie the Pooh going, no copyright really created some strange things.
Grow strong inside.
Winnie's Hole.
I think I've decided I want to start reading again.
When did you ever read?
All right, fair.
I guess I've decided I want to learn to read.
You don't know how to read.
I mean, I know how to read words, but like not books.
That's not so much my thing.
You know, books are just a bunch of words.
On paper?
I'll take it back.
I'll just keep watching trailers.
All right, well, you know, everybody learns in their own way, young blood.
The franchise.
Let's check it out.
Oh, let me double check that there wasn't a particular trailer anybody wanted.
Obviously, if I missed it and you had a trailer, you wanted to see.
We'll watch that as well.
In the meantime, though, we will watch the franchise trailer.
Right?
I'm just deciding if I even want to watch that.
Well, there's no time.
You know what?
I wanted to watch it first, so we will.
Rehearsal everyone on their A-game.
Remember, we are top draw professionals.
Thank you.
Camera time.
Two words, no words.
Third word.
I'm the first assistant director who's my job to keep the actors from killing themselves.
I might be having a few side effects for my human growth hormones.
And I work with the director for assisting his vision.
I'd like to fire the sound.
Okay, you can't do that.
He's wearing the indoor scarf.
I thought only directors wear the indoor scarf.
Is he mocking me?
These studios coming today.
This induction was in chaos.
The wall's off.
Right now. Let's go.
It would now be a good time to talk about career progressions.
Do not panic.
We're going to execute this and show how good we are.
Forward cinema.
Nurse clips on.
Let's see shit.
And cut.
Cut.
We've cut there.
I'm going to get this done if it kills me and everyone involved in this production.
Done. I've got health and safety for you.
Welcome.
Thank you, health and safety.
Onwards with caution.
Bad news.
The culture thinks the studio has a woman problem.
I may have done the sexism once, but I've always wanted to make a feminism.
How did I miss this?
If anything, it's probably my fault.
In a way.
Yes.
I just want this to be a good film.
If you care too much about this job, it will kill you.
I wonder if we all just lost our minds out there.
Jesus.
Oh, it's happening.
Sure. I guess why not.
Yeah, I like Lanucci stuff.
Death of Stalin is one of my favorite movies of like the last decade.
So, you know, I can't say that trailer exactly blew me away.
I don't know.
Sure.
Oh, you like the death of Stalin?
I don't really do political films, so no thanks.
Well, that's kind of crazy thing to say, especially in our incredibly politicized culture.
You can argue almost everything's a political film.
Trent.
No.
What about Fern Gully?
That was about the destruction of nature by man.
Essentially a political topic.
What about Inside Out 2?
That's about not wanting to code your young female character as too gay.
But everyone's still kind of suspecting,
he's probably gay.
Shit, it was about that, wasn't it?
I think that's what Inside Out 2 was about.
Fuck.
Damn, is that why she had that like hot older chick in it?
That's just kind of how it read.
Look, I'll still refuse to do politics.
Okay, that's fine.
Never will I.
All right.
Was that all three trailers?
That was in fact three trailers.
That movie, what was the film on like a series on Max that came out over COVID
and it was like about a bunch of actors quarantining?
It wasn't called like the quarantine, was it?
And it was a comedy.
It had like one of the key and peel guys in it.
Anybody know what the hell I'm talking about?
The Bubble.
It kind of felt like the bubble to me, which I was a little underwhelmed by.
You're underwhelmed by the bubble, dude?
That's one of my favorite TV shows.
We could argue that was political because what it was about COVID,
that's an experience we all went through.
And that's not political to you.
Bubble Boy.
I like most movies and shows with Bubble in the title and games.
Bubble Ghost.
See, that's how I know young blood that you are not that young of a blood.
If you remember Bubble Ghost, the woe low, low, low priest from Age of Empires
is going to make an appearance.
So we better get out of here because we only got 30 minutes left to do like stuff.
Yeah, we do move at sort of a glacier pace.
Glacier pace?
Glacial?
Glacier like the or glaciers from Killer Instinct.
A glaciers from Killer Instinct movies very fast.
All right, look, we got to get out of here for the day.
That's not, I'll do the outro.
Thank you very much.
That's all the fucking time we have.
But if you are worried, then don't even because you do in fact know what it is.
And thus there are no worries because you know what it is.
Bye bye.
Okay, we got to get straight into a little quick how to.
Maybe I'll have Jeb try to keep it to two videos or something today.
There's simply no time.
Let's set it down there.
It's time to learn a couple of new things.
Well, hey everybody.
Pleasure to be here back with you again.
Ready to learn?
Always ready to learn.
Always excited to learn.
Excited to learn with each and every one of you and my father who's trapped in the wood.
Oh shit.
That's right.
Dang it.
Yep, sorry, daddy.
You're still in there, but it's okay.
I'm good.
I'm good.
Sometimes I wonder if he's fading a little bit in the wood becoming one with the wood.
But no.
No, that's not how it works actually.
Oh, you know how it works?
Let's check in with some how-to videos.
Let's see.
Oh, there's some new ones in here.
How to lie to your friends.
I always find that a struggle.
Inside whenever I want to lie to a friend, a little voice says,
just let them know who you are.
Show someone, Jeb.
Then another voice says, keep it a secret, Jeb.
Never let them know.
So maybe this will help clear up that confusion for me.
Sometimes it's actually better to lie.
And it's more selfish to tell the truth.
Because what if the truth hurts someone?
So let's find out how to lie to friends.
I can see clearly now the pain is gone.
Uh-huh, I like her energy.
Got too real.
Hey guys, it is Thursday here on Daily Grace and you know what that means.
Daily Grace is gonna teach you how to do something.
I went on my channel and I asked you guys,
what did you want to learn how to do today?
And someone said, how to tell your friends they look good in their outfits
even though they really don't.
And yeah, sometimes in life people choose to wear things
that maybe aren't the most flattering from your opinion.
And you don't want to hurt their feelings.
So here are a couple tips and tricks on how to avoid telling your friends things honestly.
Here's how to keep lying to your friends.
One method is to state something completely obvious about them
but say it in a really excited voice.
For instance, how do I look?
Those are pants.
Oh yeah, that's a shirt.
Shoes are on your feet.
Socks, socks, socks, socks, socks.
Those are lies?
Another tip is to try using words and or phrases that are seemingly positive
but completely unrelated to how they look.
And then quickly change the subject to something far more serious
before they can interpret what those words could have meant.
For instance, how do I look?
Very cool, very cool.
So, Syria.
These aren't lies.
Slam!
I need to hear a lie.
Hallelujah!
But back to Syria?
Right?
Baby baby!
The baby's in Syria, right?
Another tip is try exclaiming
I do have glasses.
...who use indoor countries in an excited way.
For instance, how do I look?
Oh, cheese and crackers.
Kazakasam.
French toast, crunch.
Oh, Canada.
The last technique is to just be so completely, brutally honest
that they have to think it's a joke.
Oh, okay.
And then end with the phrase, oh please, to soften it.
How do I look?
Horrible, just horrible, like so, so bad.
Like, I didn't think it could get any worse, but like so bad.
You're like the movie Anger Man's Me, The Being Clothing Bad.
Hope the migraines feel better.
Oh please.
Your look makes me puke out of my butt.
What?
Oh please.
Oh please.
Well, there you go there.
A few tips and tricks to tell your friends that they are fine
when you don't necessarily think so.
Okay.
A lot of your friends, but it's okay.
That's what friends are for.
Bye!
Chill.com slash camp.
Okay, thanks.
That was grace.
I believe from that channel case you used to work for,
but the first one, the one that everybody knew about,
or some people, more people.
And that was from 11 years ago.
That was from Daily You, featuring Grace.
Oh my goodness, Grace.
She's still doing it?
She stopped about four years ago, or Daily You did.
Anyway, now I guess I learned that to lie
you sort of do like non sequiturs in a weird voice.
I guess I'll practice.
What do you want to lie about?
Oh, nothing.
You know what?
I won't do it, Daddy.
You know why I won't do it?
Because hamburgers, you're going to get out of that wood someday.
Niamniam.
What?
Don't even worry, Daddy.
I figured out how to get you out of the wood.
Squibbity bop.
You did?
Yeah, it'll take me a while to figure it out,
but I'm going to get you out of that wood
definitely for really reals, blubbly, blue, blue, blue.
You're being hurtful.
I just watched the same video.
I know what you're doing.
Oh, okay.
I thought it might make you feel better.
I'll do it.
Try the brutal honesty.
There's no way out.
There's not a single way out of that wood, Dad.
It's never going to happen to your dad, and that's final.
For some reason, your spirit rested in the wood.
For some reason.
Oh please.
Oh, geez, man.
I already knew that, and you made me feel worse.
Okay, well, I guess her video didn't work.
I think you didn't work, Dad.
Okay, Dad, you know what?
You're not using her brutal honesty at all.
Will I see?
Look, Chad thinks I might.
To be fair, I guess I don't.
You don't know anything for sure,
even though I'm pretty sure you're never getting out,
but pretty sure.
But who knows?
Exclamation point O is how you fill out this poll.
In the meantime, let's see what else we got.
Vote now.
Definitely not nope.
Oh please, Jeb did it.
Yes.
And then conjoin with him.
Hmm, some interesting options.
Who knows what the right answer is?
Exclamation point 1 through 5 is how you vote.
I mean, there's no telling which one's right.
Although sometimes the power of the crowd can let you know.
That's why we do polls, because they're fun.
This is my life.
Well, no, you're actually dead, so it's not.
But, geez, this is, this is what it is.
This is my existence every day.
And you're just making a little poll out of it?
That's how the internet is.
Sorry, Dad.
Grow up.
I did, and then I died.
Yep.
And, uh, Jeb did it.
He did.
He w- that's, they meant to say we'll do it.
So they're saying I'll get you out of there.
What was the question again?
Don't, you know what?
Dad, you're trapped in the wood.
Oh my God.
Wait, what was going on just now?
Nothing, because you're in the wood.
Oh.
Right.
But I knew that.
Yeah, no, and it's fine.
Okay.
Another Adventure Bros cocktail video.
How to use a public urinal.
This is really useful, because sometimes they're tricky,
and I just don't, like, where, what do I piss part of?
Do I piss on?
I piss on the handle.
Let's get it, let's settle it once and for all.
How to use a public urinal.
Do a handstand.
When entering a public bathroom and choosing a urinal.
It's always important to pick one away from the other person.
Okay.
Interesting, I go as close as I can if you'll say.
At least one spot away.
Standing unnecessarily close to someone is just asking for weird looks.
Oh really?
Is that why I get those?
Oh.
What's happening now?
Oh, they're making friends.
And remember, always keep your eyes to yourself.
Oh.
Whoops.
Yeah, that one guy was in there for quite a while.
Oh, credits.
I miss credits.
I put them on everything.
They should put credits on TikToks.
They really bring me back.
I feel like I'm more in on the process.
How to be a bro.
We might have to save that because it looks,
I could imagine that being a little longer.
How to get high from sniffing glue.
Oh, there's only 58 seconds long.
Let's just do this one real quick and then we'll get out of here.
Hello everybody.
This lesson is how to get high off of sniffing glue.
Okay.
So first off, you've got to get yourself a glue stick,
just like this one.
And you're going to twist it so that there's a lot of glue sticking up.
Then you're going to hold it up to your nose.
Oh.
And breathe in like that.
That is how I would have guessed.
And then you do it.
So that's the sniffing glue part of this.
The second part is how to get high off of it.
So what you're going to do,
Oh, it's different.
You're going to stand up and stand on something like a couch like I am.
And now you are high off of glue.
He's technically right.
So that is how you get high from sniffing glue.
I hope you enjoyed this video.
Shoot, he is technically right.
Please stay tuned for more videos and subscribe.
That would really help me out.
All right, peace out, bitches.
Dang it.
I feel like he kind of got us.
I feel like I sort of feel like a fool.
Or I feel like I've been tricked.
He lied to us.
And he didn't even say a rollo ham cop or whatever.
He just really tricked us.
He's right.
I mean, he showed you in the first part how you do it.
I guess so.
All the way from 2005, back when YouTube just had the most nasty pranks.
I don't know if that counts as a prank, Jeb.
Well, I don't know if it counts as being alive if you're trapped in wood.
Jeez.
Anyway, that's all the time we have for the day.
So let's get out of here.
In case you're in a hurry, we got to talk to Joe Rogan.
So don't worry.
We had to rush through it.
But just because you're rushing doesn't mean that you're ever too old.
To learn a new trick.
Bye, everybody.
Let's hope Joe Rogan, the Rogans are working.
You don't have much time.
Dropping Twitch username.
Must be taken.
I could change this channel to Dropping Wood.
Oh yeah, I finally made an outro.
Slowly but surely I plan to give every segment a different outro than intro.
I mean, you don't see the same graphics quite as often.
I had Jeb make that one though, so.
He used some old family photos or something.
Let's send it to Joe Rogan.
We only have 13 minutes left, which fortunately we saved Joe Rogan for last.
So that gives him a hard out.
Which might be good for all of our brains or at least mine.
Anyway, it's Rogan time.
Let's not waste any.
Let's not waste procrastinate.
I'm going to stop talking.
Here we go.
Sorry, I was just trying to really focus up.
Looks like Jamie might have messed up the audio a little bit.
And maybe my mouth is kind of wildly away from the words.
But it gives really no time to fix that.
Sometimes you say something and then you hear it way later.
And that's just how that is.
Enough of the worries.
People are saying it looks fine.
Hey man, really well your new coat.
That's cool that we had the idea to put this coat on.
It's better than it usually is.
That's a relief.
We got some questions coming.
We did it a lot of times, so I guess let's get into it.
Hey Joe, how does it feel to be the second most feeble Joe in the news?
You know, that's a really great point because I don't think it ever been a president named Joe.
And knowing that I could be like guys named Joe can be president.
Really?
It was a huge step for us Joe's.
Yeah, I mean say what you will about the guy.
Like I don't agree with everything, but I do agree that his name is Joe.
Or do I?
Is that his name?
Oh shit, that's a really good point.
Like I've never seen, like everybody wanted to see Obama's birth certificate,
but I've never seen Joe Biden's birth certificate and he says he's Irish.
So is he even legally allowed to be president?
Actually, I think because of Tammany Hall in New York in like 1901 or something
they gave Irish people the right to run the country back then.
So if you're Irish, you're allowed to run for president.
Oh shit, I forgot about that dude.
It's really useful to like have historical knowledge because like see like that's one of the things that like I disagree with like some people on is that history is important.
That's true because a lot of people like fucking hate history now.
And I've heard them say like World War II.
Honestly, it was boring and sucked, which is insane because World War II actually used to be the coolest thing that ever happened.
And really the only thing on TV, but like sometime around like 2006 people stopped putting World War II as the only show on TV.
And ever since then it's mostly been like lost and then more recently like like gay British people that made a big, that made a big comeback.
And nobody does World War II anymore.
Yeah, that's true.
That's a really good point.
Joe Rogan is why you pay your taxes.
Interesting.
I guess I must have used reverse psychology because I do say not to pay this.
Yeah, I mean I try to not pay them as much as possible because I think they mostly go straight to like, I think go straight to like teaching kids how to like not build cars.
I really hate how they don't know that all the classes in school are how not to build cars.
It's crazy what's happening in this country.
We used to teach kids how to do things.
Now they literally teach kids how not to do things.
Yeah, like there's a whole class now when like how to unfix a toilet.
And there's a time when we would like kids fix toilets.
They'd let you take a shit right in the middle of class, clog the toilet.
Every other own toilet they did.
They'd eat huge lunches.
They'd shit in their toilet in the middle of class totally clogging it.
And then someone else, if you couldn't fix it, get a drink it with a straw.
That's how you teach kids valuable skills.
You need punishments and you need incentives.
And that's just simple economics and simple classroom.
You're meeting some really good points.
Do your best gardening face.
Yeah, let me try.
Um, whoa, I've gardening.
I'm Joe Rogan and I'm gardening.
Wow, that's pretty good Joe.
Let me try.
Oh, I'm Joe Rogan and I'm gardening.
I think we both did a pretty good job.
Yeah, I mean I don't compete anymore, but I'm actually a trained MMA fighter.
And one of the classes you have to learn is how to look like you've been punched.
And um, I learned that a long time ago.
Babies don't know how to fix toilets.
Yeah, it's a real tragedy.
That is a school that's prison.
Actually, most schools used to be, they used to share, for efficiency's sake,
back in the 40s they would just divide prisons in half.
It was half school, half prison.
Yeah, and if you wanted to learn anything you actually had to go through
a gauntlet of prisoners just to make it to any class.
And that's why that, that's why, well, it was the greatest generation
because in like the 30s they, they would have to go to prison to go to school.
They'd have to fight their way to class.
But now we just hold everybody's hands.
We don't even put schools and prisons, and prisons and schools.
Uh, why did your less special turn out so bad?
I think they probably, by that you probably mean bad like
the 80s, like Michael Jackson bad, because I'm bad, I'm bad, come on.
So like, is by that what you mean is why did it turn out so bad isn't good.
And just hard work, honestly, tons of dedication.
I spent up to a couple days crafting that special.
I was on the road, I drove all the way to the comedy store here in LA,
so I really hit the road hard.
And, um, and then I also went to my own comedy club and, uh,
I really like did it once or twice there.
And everybody at my own comedy club where I'm essentially worshiped as a God
really loved it and had nothing negative to say about it.
Honestly seemed scared to say anything about it.
They were so intimidated by how good it was.
Everyone I talked to about it kind of had this, their eyes glazed over
and they sort of whimpered and cowered.
And that's just the effect my comedy has on people at my comedy club
because it's so strong.
Well, that's why it sucked because you worked on it hard.
I think you're making, I think you're doing like euphemisms now.
Like my special felt as good as a sucking that on your hard parts.
And yeah, I mean, I kind of meant for that to happen.
I wanted the experience of watching my special to feel like your hard
parts were getting sucked.
And I think, yeah, I think we achieved that.
I felt like the whole time I was doing it, I felt like I was getting sucked.
So hard that I was like, whoa, I can't even focus.
I feel like I'm getting sucked into an infinite hole.
Oh God, what's happening?
Where am I?
What? Where did my life take this turn?
Oh, total blackness is in front of me.
There is no crowd.
I'm alone.
Oh God, the thoughts are coming out of my mouth is moving,
but there's no thoughts up here.
It's completely vacant, empty space.
Oh, please save me.
That's what I was thinking.
And honestly, that's where some of the best comedy comes from.
Sucking hard versus sucking soft.
I think sucking soft is actually more impressive because it takes
real mental fortitude to say soft in the face of a good,
of a really good suck.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, because if you're getting like a really strong suck,
then it's like almost perculean to stay soft and I can do it.
I've had some of the most like turbo powered pneumatic suction sucks
you can imagine.
And I've stayed completely flaccid for like the last 10 years
because I live like, you know, I live a, I'm on the Neanderthal diet
and the Neanderthal lifestyle.
And actually back in the day, one of the most unhealthy things
you could do is get a boner.
And that's why I don't anymore.
Yeah, there's a lot of like, I get a boner when I know it's
absolutely necessary and for me, I'm just, I'm pretty busy
so I don't bother.
Oh, when will Jamie appear on stream?
I'll get him to come over here right now.
Jamie, Jamie, do you go over here?
I know I don't, I told you you're never to be seen on camera
because well, really obvious reasons actually, but shoot.
No, nevermind.
He tried to move.
You got it really in the fly paper lately.
Yeah, he's been collecting fly corpses.
Whoopsie.
He's been collecting fly corpses.
And he's been gluing them to paper.
He doesn't know what fly paper is.
He just knows that there are corpses and then he loves to play with glue.
And he's glued a ton of bug corpses to a much old newspapers,
but anytime he uses glue, he ends up completely trapped,
stuck to wherever he started.
And I forgot that he's been glued a couple meters behind
his producing chair for about a month now.
I honestly, I think it's done about six months.
So yeah, I don't, I don't know how to get him out of there.
I try to, I try to get closer to him and I feel like it just tangles him up
even more in the glue paper and he's honestly more glue than man now.
So I'm afraid if I touch the glue, I'm sort of touching a part of him.
He does say I glue man, I glue man.
Touch me, become me.
That's sort of all he's been saying for like the last two months.
So I guess we can't get him on camera.
Yeah, these, then all the cameras are stuck in place
because he touched him with his glue hand.
So I can't move the cameras for you anyway.
Jamie is rat man.
Well, no, he's, he's been out of his rat man face for a little bit.
Right now he's glue man actually.
Anyway, apparently, apparently that's all the time we have.
I do need to try to feed Jamie some non-glue through the long spoon that we got.
Yeah, we have like about a six foot spoon that we put dog food on
and we just kind of try to find wherever his nose used to be
and just dump a little dog food in there for him to hopefully eat.
I don't know.
We'll see what the glue man can actually handle.
I mean, does glue need to eat?
I mean, he's got to still be a human in there, right?
Right?
And that's all the time we have.
We'll talk to you all soon.
Thanks for all the questions.
The little fucking weird guys thing.
You know how it is.
Jamie, we're getting this the Joe Rogan experience.
Fortunately, we're out of time.
So I can't do anymore Joe Rogan tomorrow.
Apologies, gunshade.
We will talk to the low, low, low Spartan man.
But Rogan went over and you can't really tell him what to do
because he can make or break your career essentially.
Tomorrow, we'll also take care of nominating these mayors.
But for now, I got to find someone to raid so I can get to this
Patreon stream.
All right, let's see who is on tomorrow.
I should be more available.
Probably I'm going to aim for more around two tomorrow.
Or maybe even maybe hopefully like one.
We'll see if I can finish my editing relatively quickly.
All right, let's send you the way of Sir Lar.
Sir Lar, it's a Casem Memorial raid.
In memory of when Casem used to be a streamer.
We'll send you the way of Sir Lar.
A 7am stream.
The dream.
I wake up straight into the news covering everything that happens in the morning live.
Please, 1pm.
You need lunchtime.
1pm works.
Which is for Easter.
Okay, everybody.
Casem isn't streaming anymore.
He streams on Mondays and he might stream other days.
I don't know Casem schedule to be fair, but right now I am streaming with him.
But on the Patreon over at the cream dot team.
You want even more of me and a little bit of Casem.
Then you can subscribe to the cream team Patreon for $5 a month.
All right, everybody, we will talk to you soon.
I'll see you all tomorrow.
Sorry for the short stream today.
But tomorrow maybe we'll go a little extra.
You got a lot of stuff.
The world's still happening.
All right, see you soon.
Bye bye.