I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
We'll spot just Mama Jan, 420 shiny tasty cori's and I've been dying to say this.
Look at these exciting lights. For God I even had those. Pepito what are you doing over there?
Gave me a weird silent intro. Playing your own rap song.
What are you, what are you thinking?
I don't know. Oh. I don't have to engage. That's true.
Good to see everybody. Lower, we're going lower in the chair. You just shrunk. Now you're almost my size.
You're a real little guy. And soon you will be too. All you have to do is lose those human legs. Thank you.
Okay good to see everybody. Shaggy175, great to see you. Matt Liddell, propaganda, Sabrichi.
Mr. Whoopie Boo Boo, Greg T.U. live and sleazy the master mod in the chat.
Propaganda, my favorite thing to spread and one of my favorite names to see here. We all love propaganda.
We're all invested in it one way or another. Did Pepito eat the Easter Bunny? I will. Can I?
I don't know. Can you catch them? I will try. Okay. All right I'll be back.
No, Pepito, you have to work. This sucks. Sorry. Propaganda. Sounds like a nice guy.
Easter already happened? Yeah, that means that Bunny doesn't see it coming. He's just waiting around.
Vulnerable, ready to be devoured by the world's smartest bug. No, you're a dog. Oh yeah, I'm a dog.
One of these days I'll figure out how to fix this particular thing, but Shaggy, thank you so much
for the gifted sub. And thank you all. We're in the middle of a hype train. I
kind of lately forget that the hype train even exists. Is that fucked up? That's extremely fucked up.
I've been sitting here patiently getting to exist for a couple of minutes in case barely
throws to me anyone, even though I'm just as much trained as I ever was. I got people to think you
ungrateful son of... Sorry. Thank you for the subs nonetheless though. Thanks for the follow.
Cookie rumble, Stormburn92, GrahamCD, thank you for the subs. 30 months each. Insanity.
How have I been streaming that long? The trick is you just do it, you just hit the button.
Actually, now that I think about it. Stony47, thank you so much for the 28 months and to Daddy with
a 30J money with a 28 propaganda with a 27 and we got some bits. 420. It's still, you know,
I think every numeral in the 10 days of 420 should count. So thank you for the 420 bit.
Citrix, thank you for the 100 bits. And Shaggy175, thank you for again for the gifted sub.
Hype train's already dead. I don't even know what's going on in the world, but that doesn't mean I can't
hit the news button and assume I'll figure it out along the way. It's time for news.
Let them take it from me. I briefly gave my life force to the hype train. Why? I felt bad for him.
It's a weird way to intro yourself. Well, you could say that's the sort of
decision that will ripple throughout time. I'm Jeff Ripple. I don't think anyone will even remember
that little interlude there. I gave him life for about a moment and I snatched it back. That's the
power of the ripple. All right. Yes, all right. I feel like I'm glowing today. Yeah, you look
the same actually. Yes, always blowing. Okay.
Well, is there anything going on in the world, Jeff? Honestly, probably too much and you're
ill-equipped to talk about it, but that won't stop us as Musk pictured there looking very cool
says Trump preventing him from building Legion of Robots. Oh, also, he might be leaving. He might
sort of be stepping back. This guy right here. From his very important government duties. Isn't
that sad? End of an era. Play the sad. Play the touching sad music. There it is. Can we get
Free Bird or something? Does it always have to be this? I don't even want it anymore.
Free Bird.
Audio's to a one. I mean, you could at least call him real. He does exist. I'm pretty sure.
Just two days a week at Doge. Was he really working? Actually, no, you know what? He's a
billionaire. I'm sure he was working very hard. You know, someone say maybe he's already only
doing two days a week of actual work and everything else is kind of bloviating in the
press. He's already he'd already built a Legion of Robots by spreading his seed everywhere.
But can he control them at the push of a button? Probably. And the button has a big dollar sign
on it. He pushes it and he says, behave yourself children. And they say, okay, just keep it
coming. Maybe. I don't honestly know much about his kids. I know one of them hates his ass.
And one of them he refuses to even recognize because they dared to have an identity he deems
not real. Isn't it the worst when your father randomly decides your identity doesn't exist?
Are you doing that to your Filipino son? I would never. I proudly recognize him as my beautiful boy.
Or whatever he wanted, honestly. All right, good for you, Jeff. Anyway, Elon Musk listened.
That's the picture. Members of President Donald, I'm zooming in on him even more. Members of President
Daniel Trump's cabinet will likely, this is not working, will likely move to limit the influence
of Department of Government of Efficiency employees and reassert control over budgets
and staffing. Once Elon Musk steps back from Doge, two government sources with direct knowledge
of the matter said to Reuters. Oh, they're still allowed to report. Well, for now, our beautiful
president is deeming it acceptable for Reuters and the AP various newswires to function. But who knows
at any moment he could say, never mind. You hate shot and fried, but it's needed. Has he lost,
though? One could ask. Is not having to work as much really a loss? Well, it also has been
pretty reported over the last couple of days. Apparently, I should pull up a story for this,
but apparently Doge profits are down by 70 plus percent.
I might be in this story, actually. They're down by like 71 percent. Case is streaming MSG,
but more importantly, I'm Jeff Ripple. What is your litmus for what's important? Well,
if it's related to my name, it's extremely important, much like the Department of
Government Efficiency, which you can't spell without the letter R, which isn't my name.
It's a really low bar. Also has the letter R in it. Bar.
The Department of Government Efficiency created by Executive Order the day Trump took office and
helmed by billionaire Moosk has spearheaded efforts to shrink the federal workforce and
slash the deficit via mass firings. Really novel approach. I've never heard of anyone trying to
to reduce the profits of anything by firing a bunch of people. Truly a visionary contract
cancellations and reduced services to Americans across the federal government are two other
strategies. So some other novel strategies he's employed are making services worse and getting
rid of products. Again, we can see why he's the best to ever have money. Truly the one of the
best ever to have a bunch of money. If the test is having money, he's passing. Well, it was. The
Reuters, well, still is, but bless so. The Reuters tariff newsletter is your daily. Goddamn it, there's
an ad in the middle of this story. That's even more shocking. Truly, today is full of shocking facts,
but must confirm plans on Tuesday to reduce his government time commitment to one or two days
a week to focus on his battered car company. Oh my God, he's pre-battering the cars? Well,
there's your problem, right there. I think they mean it's not doing well comparatively to where it
was before he decided to wade dramatically into politics and fully back the administration in
every conceivable way. He talked, I did talk to you MSG. I can talk, I can read chat and read
other things. We barely can read other things and pay attention to chat. We're really bad at that.
Quit saying we. That's a you thing, case. Anyway, I see you. I see you chat.
Bull of our trash. I can read names. Is that why there's recalls? Yes. Case says yes.
Anyway, his battered car company, he's not paying attention to it, raising questions about the
future of the agency's work because now he's leaving to pay attention to the battered car company.
Battered car company is such a weird, anyway, whatever. Let's talk to a cyber truck.
Can we get a cyber truck? I prefer not to get a cyber truck, but maybe we can talk to one.
Well, all right, cyber truck incoming. As a special government employee,
his mandate appeared due to expire at the end of May. Musk, that is. The billionaire has
provided the White House with a political cover while doge pursued a cost-cutting drive that
has made it deeply unpopular among career staffers. Cabinet Secretary's view, doge,
employs as encroaching on their traditional authority to hire and fire,
and some have been reluctant to do its bidding. And now that it's politically expedient,
the administration is underlining that reluctancy. Are you okay? My brain is working great.
The points have spoken. We need the truck. The truck.
Can I get it after? Can you, if it's a talking truck, do you think it's really right to drive it
around? It's more right than ever. What person doesn't want a talking truck best friend?
What if it's a cyber truck? It might be pretty annoying to talk to. Not a chance. If it's a
talking truck, that means it's smart, like nitride air. You don't want a nitride air?
I don't know if it's a cyber truck. A nitride air cyber truck?
Back to the story. In recent weeks, tensions have escalated within the Trump administration
over the authority granted to Moosek during a March cabinet meeting. Secretary of State
little Marco Rubio, it's important to put that in front of the name, they didn't, but I did,
clashed with Musk, accusing him of undermining USAID and transportation secretary Sean Duffy,
confronted Musk over his proposed layoffs of air traffic controllers amid aviation safety
concerns. Sources familiar with the situation have said all that, apparently.
I'd be a handsome Filipino truck, of course. You'd have to become Filipino. I'll steal my
child's blood like that guy who never wants to age. Then will I be Filipino? That's not how that
works. Damn it. Cabaret secretaries, cabinet secretaries, have consistently pushed for
greater control over budgetary decisions. And without Musk's high-profile presence as a counter
balance, their efforts to implement targeted spending cuts rather than sweeping reductions
are likely to move forward with fewer obstacles, the sources said. Wait, even more dozing?
Targeted spending cuts. This has been pointed out that there was already a government office for
like investigating government spending. Like there was essentially a government office of
efficiency. Does that thing even exist still? The kind of thing you really need to look up
before the stream. Government office for efficiency. That isn't Dosh. Damn it. I know
there was one, but I can't remember what it's called. Office of the Inspector General? Maybe?
There literally was an office for like internal investigations, but I don't think it was,
I don't think it was the Inspector General. I should just know these things, but I don't.
What a surprise. Case doesn't know. I don't think they had the kind of sweeping oversight
that Doge does, but I'll have to look it up later because I don't know what parts to type in.
God damn it. Okay, well anyway,
the engineers, let's see, the shifting leadership dynamics within Doge will also lead to a
reassessment of the roles and responsibilities of young engineers initially hired by
Musk to staff Doge. You might remember the tiny little babies with their fun hair that he
brought in, or the little boy band that he brought in to manage the dismantling of the government.
He has the cute little tikes that he brought in to wear their little dungaroos stomping around,
just smashing entire necessary functions of government with a big plastic hammer. We all loved
it, but they're out. Anyway, the engineers influence may diminish, the source said, adding
that they will come under increased scrutiny. The source said the qualifications and authority
of the coterie of young engineers. Beautiful word, coterie. We should say it more often.
There's a, it's a coterie of beautiful words, and one of those words is coterie.
Vocabulary. Okay, okay. Just keep going, Jeff. Doge shouldn't even have those powers anyway.
No, absolutely not. Is that like the police where they investigate and said they did nothing
wrong? That's sort of just the government generally. Oh no, they're getting rid of the kid who was
grandpa was a KGB agent. Made, well, they're not getting rid of them. It just sounds like
they're going to have less authority. How much authority did they have? Unlimited. Unlimited.
Yeah, yeah, they signed up for unlimited authority. They got the unlimited authority plan.
But now that there's less Tesla profits, they can't afford the unlimited authority plan anymore.
That's so sad when you have to downgrade, you know, your authority insurance.
Hello, big J dub, you're my favorite person that just typed.
Sure. See, I can do compliments as well. There was the United States digital service.
Live in Sleazy still racking their brain just to try to figure out what thing case was talking
about. I just mean there were already government oversight. It was like, well, there might have
been multiple government oversight agencies. I'm just saying Doge was already technically like a
secondary government agency. You could argue that that's technically inefficient. You could
have just used the first one. But anyway, I mean the point of Doge isn't that it was like necessary.
It was to slash and smash all sorts of agencies and they've been quite effective at that,
even if it was kind of at the cost of Elon Musk's company. In the long term though, I suspect
Musk is probably kind of willing to just burn Tesla profits in the interest of their longer term
goals of again, essentially limiting government services in favor of privatizing everything
and basically dismantling the idea of state authority at all in favor of a,
it's been said too many times, but techno feudalist society. Oh my god, he said it.
But I do think that is their long term goal. So this is positive in the sense that
it does seem like this will lead to a drop in authority for Elon Musk and also his
cratering business just on a personal level is satisfying to see. Although unfortunately,
the business comprises many people that aren't Elon Musk. So, you know, it's Pyrrhic victories
all around period victories. What are you talking about? Are you saying this is like,
Elon Musk was like a tampon? Pyrrhic. The way Doge has been designed is that the cabinet
already has the autonomy to overspending cuts. Doge has just been an element of the agency,
field said. There will be no changes. Doge is running effortlessly in a way it's almost on
cruise control and it's working well within the federal government to execute the president's
agenda. It's so intensely on cruise control that they scaled back their savings predictions
from $2 trillion to $150 billion to shrug. Government context and sig hails, that's all he
wants. Can he do more Nazi salutes now without getting all that backlash? How much backlash did
he really get? Well, I mean his business has sort of been halved. Their profits have been
basically halved. I would prefer to see them go to zero but, well, god, you know, I would
just prefer to see Elon Musk fired and ousted from his own business and then whatever. I guess
maybe we don't have to do untold damage to the national economy because of the
huge percentage of the stock market that Tesla by itself represents.
But it, you know, he certainly deserves consequences. Of course, it just doesn't
feel that good to say because it is consequences that will be borne primarily by
people that work for Tesla and potentially depending on how extreme the failure of his
business goes, various Americans with stocks. Also, he should feel bad. Does he feel bad?
I think he kind of always feels bad. You know, he seems like a deeply uneasy and unhappy person
to me. But again, how good can that make any of us really feel? Makes me feel a little good.
The idea of that. Yeah, I mean, if it's even true, maybe he feels great all the time.
Hmm. Can we tell if he looks happy here? Looking into his eyes, attempting to ascertain any feelings
and unable to find any, unfortunately. To Port Elon to a Venezuelan prison, well, you know,
he's technically not from here. He ain't even from here. All right, there must be more to this.
Many doge watches from and academics advocates for and against his agency's work see the budget
slashing efforts, continuing a pace despite Musk's shift to part-time work, citing executive
orders that have set the wheels in motion. A lot of what doge has done has been internalized by a lot
of these agencies, and it's going to keep moving forward. Blah, blah, blah. This is long. Musk,
a top backer of Trump in 2024. Yes, we know that he's got SpaceX. He's got Tesla. He's got EX.
He's got all those beautiful assets, the most beautiful assets. He has installed top lieutenant
at key government agencies while dispatching former staffers of X and SpaceX across a swath
of federal agencies to oversee deep staff cuts, deep staff cuts, deep state cuts.
I suspect the deep state will be fine. Damn it. They're just too deep in there to cut.
The hat is just riding the top of his head Elmer Fudd style. It is very high up. I won't listen
again. He's getting older. He's getting to about the age where your hat just starts doing this.
Put on a hat. Let me guess your age. Okay, but you have to put on the same hat.
All right. I'll put on the same hat. Mine's purple. All right. You're just under 40.
But if it was up here, it's just up to there. Okay, this is, this is like 65. This is,
this is fifties, although it could also be 20s. It's confusing because once it gets high enough,
it slides back around to a fashion statement for certain like hustle grind influencers.
They do kind of wear their hats high too. They do. Okay. And then if it's all the way, if it's like,
if it's here, if it's here, oh no, that's back to almost being cool. It's got to be a little on.
No, I just look too good. It needs to, I need to see you again. There we go. On you it looks
old. On me, I just look too cool. This is about the height he's wearing. That's a crazy way to
wear a hat. It's just so barely on your head. You might be too young, too young to look old.
Now don't worry. I don't look good right now. At least he knows. Can you make the hat smaller
so it will sit higher? Good call. This is the, this is the hack so that we look real old. It's
just, it was, your hat was too voluminous. Yeah, this is about right. This is closer. This is
now kind of rocking the same style. But we're representing the Chicago Sears Tower.
Got to rep the Sears Tower. It looks stiff. That is kind of a stiff hat.
Learned handshakes all around. Don't say that. Why? Who says that? Isn't that my saying?
Maybe the other one was stiff handshakes. Well, the best not to think about it too much.
There's a tall and short baseball hat. Is that, is this one a tall one? Well, if you're not
that tall of a guy, sometimes you wear a tall hat just to sort of compensate. He's tall like this hat out.
Anyway, Musk has his fingerprints on a host of White Hood initiatives. Yada, yada, yada.
The large slug of work necessary to get the Doge team in place and working in the government.
We get it. He's, we fucking got him. We fired his ass. It's time to celebrate a huge victory.
We freaking did it, everybody. It's over. We beat Elon Musk. Officially, he lost.
Way to go, America. We knew we could do it by just sort of being bothered by it.
And now everything's fine. I think he's, I think he's still super rich and like,
like the story points out, he's got his tentacles deeply embedded in the government.
And those tentacles are defeated. They're still there though, but they're defeated there.
Defeated and comp, caught and compromise. Well, I hope you're right. I'm probably not,
but it's fun to pretend. Okay, there's a robot because also me, Elon Musk is mad about robots.
Remember the creepy humanoid robots Tesla showed off the ones that turned to remote control,
turned out to be remote controlled by humans. Well, the long-promised androids rely on magnets made
from heavy rare earth metals that are there. Guess where their mind case, not in America.
You're getting closer. Is it somewhere that we have huge 140% tariffs on? Well, maybe not
anymore based on things the president randomly said today, but you're getting close. It's China.
It's China. Yes, the robots rely on things from China. Isn't that surprising?
I'm shocked. Unfortunately for Tesla, Donald Trump's baffling trade war, their words, not mine,
I find it simply minorly bemusing. I think you might find it less bemusing in a couple months.
No, I'll find it minorly bemusing. Anyway, it seems to have, the trade war seems to have
successfully go to China into suspending rare earth experts to the US, putting high tech
production in a tight bind. Especially affected according to Musk is the production
of the tiny servos in Optimus's human like hands. And those are the hands that are, oh my god!
Forgot to even think the last one, Reverie Wolf, 30 months incredible case.
Apparently you're now Mr. WrestleMania. Just because I was doing a watch along of it.
We'll put it that way. What kind of watch along? Just where everyone could, not that I would,
not that I was streaming it. We're trying to get yourself in trouble. Anyway,
Reverie Wolf, thank you for the 30 months and be grand, I'll thank you for the 29 months.
Come out from under the castle, Grendel. You're a real boy now. I think it's that, Grendel. You don't know.
And currently working with the 30 months case, you have to buy the Hamtaro, Kigarumi. Oh my god,
I have to get the Kigarumi. I stole money from Austin Creed's pocket. You really did.
Thing is, I suspect a lot of the cream team has Netflix or Peacock. They're just watching it there
for fun because there's a little chat you can chat along. All right, justify it however you need.
Just know that you're pulling money out of the pockets of a starving Triple H.
You might be, you might be feeling a certain way after the reception at some of that
WrestleMania, but I doubt he's starving. Sometimes you have to starve yourself to have
the physique of that man. Anyway, Musk has previously promised investors the company would
roll out 5,000 autonomous bots, autonomous in quotes, but noted it had the capacity to
make as many as 12,000. And I'm sure they'll be right here. But even 5,000 robots, that's the
size of a Roman legion. He said on the matter, oh my god, is he building his own Roman legion
of robots controlled by guys probably somewhere in South America? It could be anywhere.
An army of Roman robots controlled remotely by people from various Asiatic countries.
The dream of Caesar. That was Caesar's dream? I think so. I think that was probably,
he might have had a weird dream like that. We don't know what people's dreams were like
back in time. Musk over promising and delivering nothing? Where have I heard this before?
I don't know. I'm trying to remember if I've ever heard that at every press conference
he's ever given ever. But I can't remember. I have a pretty bad memory.
He had to sell an H to feed off his children. Now he's just HH. In case he could be down to 1H.
And then he's just an alphabet man. One letter of the alphabet. Exactly. He's down to one
letter of the alphabet. Is that what you want? I miss your WrestleMania. I do what I want.
Wow. Okay. Also though about the China trade war.
And then we'll get out of here. This is your last piece of hard hitting serious journalism.
Double H is actually kind of a fun name though that I think about it. That could be a long-term
story. He loses an H. He puts one of his H's up in a match. I don't think he can do matches
anymore because he had a pretty serious heart attack. Is that why he lost an H?
Because what does heart start with case? Oh my god. Maybe you're right. And that's part of the story.
Look. He doesn't have to fight himself. He lost an H when he had his heart attack.
And he's got to get that H back by fighting like a gobbledygooker-style wrestler in a giant
heart costume. This is probably why fantasy booking is really never that good of an idea, Jeff.
I think it's a really strong story idea. He makes, you know, he makes sort of a surrogate
do it for him. He has like Shane McMahon come back and fight a guy in a giant heart costume.
Okay. I would watch that, but it's not a good idea. If you'd watch it, is it a bad idea?
Trump China is finding this really quick. Let's see if there's an exciting Trump sound bite here.
Don't we love it when he says things? Come on. Let's listen to him talk.
Sorry my kid. My Filipino son is watching tons of Frozen lately.
Is he like in his 20s? Yeah, but you know, you're never too old to watch Frozen a bunch.
Okay. Here he goes saying more words than ever. Some claim.
45% is very high and it won't be that high. Not going to be that high. It got up to there.
We were talking about fentanyl where, you know, various elements built it up to 145.
No, it won't be anywhere near that high. It'll come down substantially, but it won't be zero.
Used to be zero. We would just destroy China was taking a ride and just not going to have,
it's not going to happen. I mean, not under the previous administration or his relationship with
presidency, but they would make billions and billions and billions of dollars a year.
And they would build their military out of the United States and what they made.
So that won't happen, but they're going to do very well.
I own apology to my fentanyl addicted nephew because I told him the only way to get off
it is willpower. Turns out I should have just tariffed him. Tariffed your nephew,
my nephew, who was on the fence. Sorry to hear that. He loved it. He was happy about it.
I totally was happy about it. Anyway, I really gave him a talking to. I was like,
you're cut off from this family. You've got to get clean yourself if you ever want back in.
But I should have just said, listen, putting a 20% tariff on you entering this house.
That would have been the more reasonable thing or 140%.
Well, that's, I'd say it's a stunning about face from Trump, but he basically has
turned these things on and off semi at random for the last like two months,
three months, ever since he got an office. Well, he can't be blamed if people throw out all these
crazy figures like 145% tariffs. He threw that out. He's the one who threw that out,
but he can't be blamed for the stuff that passed him said that was a different guy.
That was him like a week ago. That was week ago, Trump. We're dealing with new Trump.
Who's today's Trump? And tomorrow, the mistakes of today's Trump will be tomorrow Trump's problem.
The tomorrow boys. It's really annoying. Yeah. Look, it's just a little annoying case.
I think you're being too stressed about this. It just seems like at some point there could
be really serious consequences to all of these completely thoughtless and random,
well, maybe not random, but very thoughtless decisions.
Yeah, but that's tomorrow Trump's problem. What aren't you getting? All right. Well,
anyway, not 145% tariffs or 142 or whatever it was. It was a million percent tariffs,
but it won't be that. Just set your expectations, chat somewhere between zero and question mark,
and you'll never be disappointed. I'm pretty disappointed. Well,
case will always be disappointed, but yet we don't have to be like him. We just know
stuff's gonna stuff. Did I just blow your mind? No, that's an incredibly vague and stupid statement.
You're an incredibly vague and stupid face. Like your face is honestly kind of vague. Sometimes
I look at you and I'm like, does he look like JD Vance? Oh, really? You think I don't? No,
I'm kidding. I've never thought does he look like JD Vance? I look at you and I know immediately that you
do. You know, JD Vance also killed the Pope. Okay, stop spreading conspiracy theories about yourself.
I didn't kill the Pope. It was JD Vance. You're tattling on yourself. How'd you do it, case?
Rice in on the fingertip. Did you slip something into his Pope porridge? I don't
think the Pope was eating porridge. Well, now he's not eating anything case because of what you did.
Should we look up at my meeting with the Pope? Is there a video? There's gotta be video, right? JD
Vance Pope meeting the last, the last major world event before his passing. Oh, look at the beautiful
Pope. He was doing great until the angel of death, Case Blackwell showed up. I was in the van.
How did I get back here? Plains are quick case. They're getting faster every day. That's not
true. They've commercial airlines have been moving at the same pace for like the last 50 years almost.
But you could have gotten it. You're the vice president. You can get around quickly. I'm not.
If I was JD Vance, why would I be doing this? I don't know why they do anything that they do,
Case. Everything the administration does is confusing and bad. According to you, I'm
neutral. God damn it, Jeff. You have so inconsistent in your own policies. Well,
I'm just trying to follow the lead of our beautiful presidential administration and say
contradictory things all the time like a real American. I need that yellow tie. No,
the only thing separating me from him right now is not wearing a tie. And we got different eyebrows.
You barely have different eyebrows. Quick telling lies. Look, his beard is more gray than mine.
Give it six months case and you will just have this gray beard.
Thank God I don't look anything like you. You know, of the reporters here, you probably do look
second least like me. After Liliana. Yellow tie, sub gold, finally dressed like a real news guy.
I don't want to have to wear whatever color the tie will be. I think it would actually
still be yellow. Actually purple and yellow is complimentary. So I'd be fine with that.
Sub gold yellow tie. The yellow tie rebellion. Damn it. A yellow tie rebellion. All right.
All right. I'm not wearing it forever though. Just for a while.
You're committing to occasionally wearing a tie. When are you going to commit to being a real news
man? And we, we're not real news guys. It pains me. I've got a phantom tie around my neck at
all times because I've worked, you know, so many legitimate news jobs.
Overlays. There we go. I got to fix this. I got some stream maintenance to do.
Quit tinkering with your goddamn overlays and make the yellow tie sub gold case.
But that is how I have to tinker with my overlays to make the yellow tie sub gold.
And I'm calling it the yellow tie rebellion. Rebellion with one L or two Ls.
I've forgotten how to spell. I'd say 90% of words. So that's a fun development,
development for me. Okay. How much is a yellow tie? We can probably get one on Amazon for 10 bucks.
We'll just say we'll pro rate this sub goal against the cost of the tie.
Reset the goals. Yes. Set it to 15. And there we go. Yellow tie rebellion. Yeah.
JD Vance took it and now case can get it back at 15 subs case will assume his JD Vance form,
which I'm assuming you do with Naruto style hand signals.
Your hands just get hairy. No. Do you do this hand signal when you turn into JD Vance?
Yeah. Most of my Google history is me searching words to make sure I'm spelling or using them
right. Why are there two Ls in rebellion? Because you hold the L rebellion.
That's a classic English spelling. You hold the L. That's not a thing.
When there's two Ls next to each other, you hold the L. What does that mean, Jeff?
You just don't understand because you don't have a beautiful classic American accent.
That's not a you're making up rules. No, you hold the L when there's two Ls.
Okay. What about when there's two Ss? Then you hold the S.
It's we call that sizzle in the English language.
Rebel lion. Maybe it's because I wanted the word lion in there and the word rebel.
It would both be in there anyway.
Medallion Medallion is how you say that with two Ls.
Cause you're holding the Ls. All right, you know what, Jeff, we've done a great job.
You've talked a lot. You're released. I'm released everyone.
I've made it! I've escaped from the prison of the news! That's all the time we have. I'll be sprinting on the street and behind me
There'll be a there'll be sort of a backdrafter as I call it an air ripple
I'm Jeff air ripple
What? It's my middle name. I've decided that that's my middle name and that's canon. Bye. Bye
All right, I gotta try to talk to a cyber truck apparently
Jeff hair ripple
That's a better middle name. I'm gonna pretend he said hair
Mmm cyber truck a cyber truck can I get a hold of a cyber truck? But Peter, can you find a
Cyber truck for me to talk to? I don't know there are all the ones outside are pretty vandalized
I don't know if I can get them up here. Oh
They are kind of
They're covered in like I covered all the food I barfed on them
I was trying to eat the stuff they were parked next to this the sludge on the road
Yeah, kind of a sludge between the car and the concrete thing
The concrete sidewalk. Yeah, I was trying to eat all the stuff. It's still the dirty sludge
Yeah, the sludge between the car and the concrete thing
I barfed all the cars so they're all vandalized by you. Yeah, they're pretty messed up
The sludge darned through the cars. I
Guess that's why my my thing my stomach actually made it more acidic and turn it into a deadly weapon
It became acid sludge inside me
Can you find a cyber truck or not? I'm looking sorry
Geez
Mmm-hmm, I'm surprised. I'm having so much trouble finding a cyber truck
Okay, there's gotta be one in here somewhere right there must be a cyber truck somewhere
Please please cyber truck
Some disturbing looking stuff on here
Okay, did you get one get Pepito? Yeah, I'm pretty sure I got a real good one
So everybody cyber truck it up Skymer. Thank you so much for the gifted sub to Pepito. Pepito congratulations
I'm finally being subscribed to the stream that you've worked for for
Over a year now. I like a couple days case take it easy. It's been a while. Yeah
Sorry, I guess dogs don't have the best sense of time. Anyway, please welcome at this time a cyber truck
Room room cyber truck parking
Turning off and being a good and being an excellent car
Oh
Elon couldn't you if you're a sub you're gonna pretend to be a cyber truck you own the company that makes cyber trucks
You just be in a cyber truck. I'm uh
I don't know what you mean. I'm I'm a truck
Based that can't be Elon. He's not wearing a hat indeed. I'm drunk. I also don't sound much like yourself is
To lifelike that's not really Elon. Yes. I'm what could just use a dumpster skin
Not
It's good what is with your voice? Oh
Yeah, Pepito, can you vandalize this cyber truck really quick? Oh
Let me let me see if I can find some sludge. I mean, I've been wanting to eat more to test it out. So just
Just hold tight. I'll go get some sludge. All right, but dude hurry because I
The cyber truck could could scream away at any moment. Oh, we should ask an apianum
But now Pepito is just sprinting around the office looking for sludge which there is in the office courtesy of Peter
If you have any questions for this thing that's claiming to be a cyber truck, brim brim brim
Let me know
I'll just ask are you disappointed cyber truck in the lack of sales of trucks like yourself?
It's no
It's funny to
To be a prank car
Do prank on the economy by not selling we could if we wanted to sell
Ourselves but there's a prank when dot ourselves aren't good and we break but it's just a joke
You'll be labeled as a terrorist and sent to a concentration camp. Yes, if you touch me at all it is an act of
Sedition against
You have to quarter a soldier in a truck. It's in the Constitution of the United grapes of America
Which is a subsidiary a grape company I own I mean I'm a truck
Ah
Why do you keep falling apart? That's a very fair question propaganda I
Like a trans everybody likes transformers
But
Suddenly when the truck changes by breaking apart off itself where like it's not cool
I thought do we like movies in this?
But movies were legal again, you know movies have been illegal since 1982
Ever so what?
I'm a truck
Those are truck noises what the fuck that's the noise a truck makes
Aren't you you're claiming to be a truck? Can you at least just be a truck? I am I'm doing the truck the whole time
How can I get my truck to have lips to you got it kiss it and whisper in its help cap I
Love you. You're good truck
Come on X I yeah, I can tell
All right, well, you know, I don't really have that many questions for you
I'm disappointed that you aren't actually a cyber truck and
You should
Really try to run the company that you know
Just try to claw back any credibility maybe save your company. I'm not what you're talking about
I'm just a truck nobody can get mad at a truck
The truck just drives
Sometimes it drives itself can't hold the truck back
No one can scream at a truck
No one can text the truck. Oh, I'm pregnant
You demanded I get pregnant. I'm pregnant
Where's my rocket ship?
You said if I became pregnant for you I'd get a rocket ship. Where's my rocket ship full of babies, please
You promised
Okay, thanks. No problem
Could you move at all if you're gonna claim to be driving
Get out of my way. Oh, no
Oh, no an orphanage. I hit it. Oh god. I hit an orphanage. I gotta get out of here. I hit an orphanage
Oh
My wheels stuck on the orphanages headmaster
Just killed a person for sure
But I'm gonna do that's a living edge
Oh Sonic the hedgehog you're racing me
Oh, just as fast as you but I know I'm faster
Bye Sonic my truck you can also do the sonic voice if you're the truck. Thank you for your time
I'm disappointed in that truck
Peter we didn't get to this legend time this time it stayed down. I'm full of it. I found a lot
But seems to be living inside me now. I don't want to come out. We'll see how long it stays in there
Got a lot of sludging me. You don't want Sonic's
Guys be careful. He might get Sonic pregnant if we give him the idea to
You look like you put your skin on every morning. He does look a little like that, doesn't he?
What can you do sometimes all the skin kid in the world doesn't get rid of the sense of you looking like the guy from Men in Black 2
Sorry one
The thing from Men in Black 1 I mean ooh good question from Lyman Sleazy that I missed because I was so distracted by this truck
It's hyper truck if you are made of stainless steel, why is it that some say you are haunted by the ghosts of Africans
murdered by Elon's ancestors
But Peter do you have an answer for that one?
I'm gonna definitely pass on that one. That's a tricky one
And as a guy who's not Elon Musk or a truck and is a dog
No, thanks. Could I figure out a remote to the papal enclave? I could probably just be the Pope
Sponacci thank you so much for these 72 invaders. Oh my god invaders. Yes
Hope you had a great stream
Hope you're enjoying whatever game you're playing. I keep seeing you playing Final Fantasy popping up on my
Tiktok feed you should know what apps here on case
Anyway, whatever you do I watch you play Final Fantasy
I could just be one tick-tock. There's at least more than there's a couple
Anyway, I love Sponacci
I'm a dog
And I'm I'm the guy who I'm the guy who hosts this stream
Well, you're just in time to watch two guys yell at each other
Two different guys yell at each other for sure. It's time for Munch and Cron
KG. Thank you so much for the follow. Hello
They're not the first times of the long times if there's any first times I am of course
Ralph Munch cut the king the queen of mean I believe
Well, that's not my nickname shit, I forget my mile. I have a really great nickname
I can't think of it right now, but just know that it's really good
I know that it's way better than the guy who's next to me whose nickname is probably
a
Shit guy God you are so
Disappointingly stupid even when you try to be mean I'm Leonard Crumb
Apologies to everyone for having to sit through is lengthy and wandering intros
But we're here to do a debate. That's the actual point of this and we will be don't you even worry
It's shit guys. This is everyone loves that nickname and it's actually sticking
Shit guy, you know what? I am a shit guy because I get shit done
That's not a good we need like a yeah kind of sound effect
Get your own fucking sound effects shit guy. I just didn't I just own that nickname actually so now and now it can't hurt
Me is how that works. I'm sure it worked that way. That's how that works
You look like you've been irradiated today by the way you were kind of glowing. I
I got some son
bald guy
He's stupid, but he has the gorilla on his side who's stupid now crumb. Yeah, how dumb can I be when I got this gorilla backing me up?
Because you owe it so much goddamn money
Well the gorilla's not necessarily on your side. It's just against me
That means we are allies by nature anything against you
Is on my side the side of the angels people think I'm gonna win today by 90% by the way, just know that
Unfortunately the way this debate works lately because I do in fact. Oh, yeah, you do
Yeah, I owe this gorilla about um
Well, you can see it on screen there. I owe it a hundred and forty thousand dollars
Every time I win I get five thousand dollars to pay the gorilla off
But the price for this is munch gets to pick which side of every debate I'm on and today
You're gonna get fucked because the debate is how much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood
A lot my answer is actually a lot is the crazy thing. I'm on the side of a lot
What you're on the side of is um
You're on the side of
Overturning Roe v. Wade
It's not an amount of wood. That's how we how much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood
your answer to that is actually
Overturn Roe v. Wade it already has been
so
In what that's the debate you want your money or not
It just doesn't conception minds if you don't mind making that poll. I think I've made my point incredibly
Thank you look woodchucks can chuck a lot of wood
So, you know, it's kind of an abstract amount but a lot we all can conceptualize that big-ass pile of wood
I think realistically we can agree if a woodchuck really got to chomping there'd be a bunch of wood around
So it would chuck a lot of wood. You know what I mean anyway now your turn
What do you want me to say munch like what are you even use you do you want the money or not?
Because you're not gonna get any money. You don't defend your point. You're already losing by a tremendous amount. Um,
Look
If a woodchuck could chuck wood
It would have to develop
It they'd have to cooperate like in a society and when societies initially form
It's often a conservative and ritualistic basis of the society a shamanistic sort of
Underpinning to the evolution of man is suspected and many of those were regressive societies the early pre stone air
Post stone age pre bronze age man some suspect they were incredibly vicious. They collected skulls
So I'm even collected shins my point is
they could be a regressive society a
Brutal tribalistic society of chucks that have gotten together with the aim of chucking wood and they've been they've caught
They become cooperative and they have formed a societal structure and in this regressive early underpinning of woodchuck society
Unfortunately, what they've decided is that that that all all pregnancies have to come to term
Because again, they're not yet to the point in a society where you really understand
That that women deserve the same agency and respect to their bodies as men
And I don't necessarily have to agree with that to suspect that if a woodchuck could chuck wood
Unfortunately on the on the path to progress they might stumble into
Well actually I guess in this concept they would have actually they would have passed Roe v. Wade
So they evolved quite a bit, but then they kind of had a snapback as they industrialized chucking wood and and then they
Restricted again. What the hell I won. What the fuck?
Look, I'll take the fucking win. I need that lady. Yes
Listen, I think I did as best as I could there and I think chat saw the work
I think they saw me put in the work and I think that fucking counts
I should have taken them I should have taken the side of Roe v. Wade
I mean, I have a conservative here. You didn't really defend it that well
It's just because my instinct to have the correct idea was so strong
And then I knew you do a bad job defending it. I gave it to you
But of course, you know, I sort of naturally knew that the correct answer was overturn Roe v. Wade to that classic riddle
Oh now you're on the side of thinking that that wasn't just trying to fuck me over
No, I mean that was the right that is the right answer actually such a check got it right and
That was my right answer that I just I'm so magnanimous that I gave you the right answer
You're depressed now
Well, there's $5,000 make you feel any better. Well, they don't get it you do does me getting
$5,000 make you feel any better. Why would it that makes everyone feel worse at all times? I
Knew I should have made you to defend a ton while I took overturn Roe v. Wade
I'd you know, I knew it. I knew it but part of me
You know, I let myself feel bad for you a second for a second and that was my own weakness
You spent so many points on this
Listen the crumb super pack is strong. They don't want to see this gorilla mole me to death
They're they're invested in
Me not getting murdered by this gorilla. It's gonna happen. It's going to happen. He's biding his time. I
Can tell that his rage is building though the rage meter is growing. He's gonna pull off a super soon
He's been building up fucking combos
He's about to unleash the ultra beam on you, but in his case the ultra beam just a big-ass powerful gorilla fist
Why don't you just do a little editing? I'm not gonna late in points manipulation. Munchers the one who set this system up
You're the one who insisted that we allow
Pay to play voting. Yeah, like in our own great country people deserve to let their money
vote
You should I'm sorry that you forgot what this country is about the guy nailed that fucking thinking that woodchucks
Don't overturn Roe v. Wade. I don't think that that is a logical answer to the question
But I think I did my best with the insane tass that you gave me as usual
You threw me in the swamp. You said swim. I said I was born to swim in the mud
That's not a saying stop making up bizarre ass sayings that are extremely confusing
Fine you threw me into a bog and I said well I got frog legs
That's also not a saying you threw me into a
Really wet puddle and I said well
I'm not even that wet from the puddle. It was real little. That's all the fuck. God damn it
That's all the fucking time we have
There's the right button Jesus
You throw me off with just all of this obviously
It's amazing that I hold it together as well as I do sitting next to of this all day long
I am in fact the Saints and a master of the universe
But you already knew that and so are you for supporting me
We had a big win today with my idea that we gave to him and we'll see you soon. Bye bye. Oh, they're everyone
The arbiter of truth has once again returned
praise be
To the unfruitful follow from grace of Clements on Vern he was attempting to make a comeback
I stopped him by the power of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen praise be to his name
And also by the power of truth which I am in fact bringing to you today
Because oftentimes the truth is hidden, but I'm pulling out today
Smoothing it out. I'm raising it up. I'm saying beautiful truth flag. I will never let you fall again
Because today what we're doing is we're finding out that much is somehow funneling channel points from his losses into offshore bank account
Oh my god
I was done something was up with that guy because you know kind of how he kind of runs a zombie city
That was suspicious to me and I'm like, maybe something's going on with him
So that isn't honestly that's surprising to me. Look, it has he donated large sums of money
To specifically this section of the show that's not information I have to disclose
Because I'm not a publicly traded company. I think that's how that works
but what I will do is
I will go into YouTube and I will type in
twitch conspiracy and
I'm sure I'll get
Really good stuff from doing that. I bet that will instantly work out and not be a problem
Wow, this is nothing in here about munch surprisingly
shocking twitch moments
Five moments caught on twitch TV that are shocking. Okay. Well, look munch offshore in a bunch of money would be very shocking
So I bet it's in here somewhere. Let's just real quickly watch these five shocking twitch moments
They better be real shocking though. Thank you, sir. Did we all learn that at some point
From a thief that was caught red-handed to a home invasion caught on camera
I instantly trust this narrator by the way. He's got an authoritative voice that I do respect
Here are five shocking moments caught on twitch
number one
attempts to rob house
On the 1st of January 2015 at around 11 30 p.m
Police knocked on the door of youtuber and twitch streamer mr. 1 3ig or mr. Big huge fan
They had received a noise complaint and came to investigate mr. Big refused to give his name
Wait, is that the name is the neighbor a cop who's robbing him?
I'll bet that's what's happening, but let's keep watching
He knew he'd done nothing wrong and didn't want to as he was in his own house
Because of his refusal police decided to arrest him. He was cuffed and taken away
Wait, I thought he got robbed oh he robbed someone's house and then he went to jail right on stream
Less than a minute later a neighbor had noticed the door wasn't locked and took the opportunity to rob the place
Oh, wow only for him mr. Big's webcam was still running and caught the whole thing
So two men were implicated in crime today
Damn, you just didn't immediately rob your neighbor
this
Is definitely real
I'm convinced. Oh shit. He took shoes in obviously you got to be quick
You got to just take two shoes and a headphone. Oh, he came back in. He was robbing him more actually
I think he'd take the computer
So this this computer probably gonna shut off soon, right? He'd probably take the whole computer
He trying to
No, he's taking
Good take which moderators called in and formed the police of the robbery and the neighbor was quickly arrested
He is now in jail on felony charges
Number two look if that is a bit
That's commitment
Because you want don't want people to think that you're doing fake stunts on twitch
So you just go to jail for a couple years just to really sell it
But then when you get when you get out of jail you get an even split of all the money
He got from subs while you were robbing him you get over like you make a cool $200
That's just the twitch economy at work Kutra get swatted
Swatting is the act of calling an emergency service with a false report in order to have an armed swat team turn up at an
Unsuspecting okay, let's see it happen
Wait, is this thing happening shocking though?
Don't they just do this to people all the fucking time and there's just like a shitty thing that constantly happens on this site
Let me turn myself off because I'm blocking this important view
There we go, they're clearing rooms what in the world I think we're getting swatted
Oh shit, he really does guess
He's the one guy noticed he's on like stairs at the camera like wait a minute
I'm on twitch. I'm on my favorite counter-strike players to which stream right now
Honestly that kind of sucks as a shocking moment because I don't even really want to
encourage this behavior to
Be in a compilation video
What's the next shocking thing so far none of these are related to the imbecilment of twitch points
for 2015 Japanese streamer Ushiro
Accidentally burned down his apartment while live streaming Minecraft on twitch Jesus
He is seen with a cigarette hanging out of his mouth and he burns on the whole thing. Oh
shit
What was that noise
He's also got a baby ghost in there. Oh
No, that is not enough water
That is the disappointing. Oh that sucks, dude. What are you just trying to scoop it?
Oh, that's a lot of he's giving a lot of air now
Dang, that's when you wish you had a hose hooked up to the faucet
Well, that's also just kind of sad so far. These are mostly just sad
aka zillion OP was a popular twitch streamer who streamed himself playing games for around 8 to 12 hours a day
Zillion happened to be in a wheelchair as he claimed to be paralyzed from the waist down
Okay, like most people on twitch zillion allowed users to donate to him to help out of the stream or to personally help out
All in all he reportedly received around
$20,000 in donations including a $2,000 donation for a new wheelchair
That's not April 5th 2013 zillion streamed myself playing Diablo 3 during the stream
Viewers were shocked to see the disabled man casually stand up and walk off camera
It is believed that zillion thought his camera was off and what's he realized?
It wasn't he tilted it down and returned to his wheelchair
Oh girlfriend who also took part in his streams can be heard saying oh my god as he stood up as she knew
He had just messed up and everyone on the stream had seen the goop see then begins to tell a story to try and distract viewers
Oh, that's a big stand
Well, but maybe he was helped up
Maybe maybe you reason you can't see his girlfriend is she gave him like a really good boost
Otherwise he wouldn't have been able to
Have to take him to like
By saying he had actually fallen because his dog was dumping water on his wire
He fell straight up into the air damage to his computer
Twitch has since shut down his and his girlfriend's channels for violating their terms of service on the basis of fraud
Oops and has offered refunds to anyone that subscribe to the channel
Okay, this one's got to be about Montre
2014 twitch streamer Nikki Elise known online as Sadjadine and her boyfriend sons fan were robbed at gunpoint in their home in Arizona
At the time Sadjadine was streaming Dota 2 on yeah, he fell onto his feet and realized he could walk
And it's a beautiful story actually
Wait, what happens are I'm talking about everybody
Sadjadine was streaming Dota 2 on twitch when she heard a loud bang and went to investigate wait
This doesn't end in death or something doesn't
Okay, no, it looks like she shows up at the end
She got robbed at gunpoint
Two gunmen were in her home and demanded her and her boyfriend to get on the ground
We can see one of the robbers walk into the room where the camera is with a gun in hand
It's not a suspicion that none of these people look at the screen
He also there'd be a big light probably over the monitor
When you maybe just be like
Viewers of the stream from around the world informed police of the home invasion
Thankfully both Sadjadine and son's fan were not harmed during the robbery
Due to the many calls from viewers police quickly arrived at the home and arrested one of the suspects
Okay, later turned out that the couple were not the original intended targets of the robbery
It is unclear whether they found and arrested the other robber my god
I'd say the most shocking thing of all
Is that much has managed to scrub?
His use of channel points being spread into in offshore banks
he's managed to
Remove that information from the top five most shocking moments on Twitch because it'd be on there
But that's the kind of political capital that we're dealing with he can call up the YouTube guy
Whatever he whoever that is the Google guy and he's like hey
Make this guy changes list
Maybe much was the one robbing it or maybe it was crumb
Somebody's my instinct. I'm more suspicious of crumb
Because there were multiple robberies in that and we don't know
We don't really know what crumb looks like with hair
Like there's no telling what he looks like with hair
Can anyone confirm that when he doesn't that if he ever even had hair that he didn't look exactly like this guy
And crumb does need money
So like look obviously I understand people being suspicious of Ralph Munchko
I'm just wondering maybe the person we need to be suspicious of at all times and always and forever is crumb every single time
And it maybe he robbed two people and is also funneling money into offshore bank accounts using channel points
I'm just asking questions. I'm not
Obviously, I can't confirm nor would I ever deny
Ever I'd never denied that he's doing that I'd I never did and I he could be and I wouldn't deny that
Nor could I confirm that I never denied that even though I just confirmed that so what I'm saying is did he do that?
I can't I confirmed that and
Also, there's been no denial
So keep that in mind the next time you're spreading your channel points all willy-nilly to the to the bald
sort of
You know human version of pure sin that is crumb and
I'll be down here continuing to do the important research so that we can bring you more top five moments that I just
YouTubeed up and made us watch the whole thing next time and until next time
Remember that what we've done here today is what what actually what we do would be sees the truth
Important work and I'm I keep doing it every day
Well, hello there
It's your boy big chair
Little extra big today. Honestly. I think I grew up. I think I woke up slightly bigger
Aren't you in your 30s? You can keep growing at any age. I've got a lot of books that told me that
I'm like
the factor
the
Unstoppable or three weeks in Thailand that changed my life by Bill Clinton
Sure about that last book that books only select people get that book
Ah
Okay, well good to see you look big for sure. I feel bigger and again
I think I grew I think I grew up this morning a little bit grew up even taller
Bible 2 is one of my favorite books and most people
Do not have it have they ever released a book called Bible 2?
You know, would you believe would you believe it?
If I told you that they have
Let me open up this picture
Because it's a pretty good pic
I'll give it to him. It's a decent picture
Yeah, how do I just show the image? I don't want to promote. There we go
whoa
Bible 2
The newest testament presents
The Bible to the Bible is the Bible to look obviously you're always right
But clearly we've proved you wrong in this one instance because look at what the Bible 2 is all about
Got a pink unicorn
Jesus finally putting that work in
Putting his money where his cross is and his cross to bear is bullets
Maybe I'm one of the new Apostles because I should probably write for the Bible to
You think what you just said is good. I think what I just said is very impressive and good
What are you here for? I'm here to read a bunch of new stories back to back to back
It's time for the speed news. Wait, let me write this into a
little
It's all the news fast
Boom, let's fucking do this
Tired of you
Fucking tired. Okay, what did I do just fucking over there doing all your shit. We're here to do news man
I'm tired of this. Let's do some news. You're you're you're allowed to do it start doing the news
I'm fucking sick of this man. It's time to do news. I
Agree fucking tired of you dude stop stopping me
Start the news I already have and that's what you'll never understand. God damn bites on al
Alligator that the word it's gladiator
What ah my brain my brain moved all the words around and made it alligator
But I do see now that is gladiator. All right shot
Bites on gladiator bones prove combat with lion
Why but all those fucking
Narcs that call themselves history guys told me that this was impossible
You're telling me that they really did fight lion
Why'd they tell me they didn't I?
Don't know if historians ever said that
They're definitely weren't lying. I think they just said that they couldn't find proof
But they sound it sounds like they have I will never trust a historian again
And I'm totally vindicated in believing that the pyramids were built with psychic powers
Prove me wrong. Well, actually the burden would be on you to prove that
The pyramids were built with psychic powers prove me wrong case
Because more histories come out at every day and it keeps getting cooler
bite marks found on the skeletons of Roman gladiators are the first archaeological evidence of
combats between humans and kings of Leons the remains were discovered during a 2004 dig at the
Drift the drift it drift with tears dry field tears
Drift with tears
Check you gotta learn to read better
I'm doing better every day
Wait, let me try to fix something. I'm doing my best one second loop
No, it's not working again work dang it. Why does this shit do this?
dang it
No, it refuses work. I can't get it to work
The button refuses to work. Okay. Well, I'll just keep reading. Okay, shut
Anyway, that definitely happened discovery provides the first printed direct physical evidence that such a vest took place in this period
Reshaping our perception of Roman culture entertainment culture and religion
Greeks had to be I
Won't put it past to be dude. They're fucking everywhere and it's free. I
Actually never watched. Oh
Wait, you know what? I tried that. I've ever watched to be
That's where your whole channel your whole network was all over to be case. I can't believe you never watched to be
Anyway, we gotta move on. There's too much news. The news is just fucking exploding everywhere
Milly von Toter against it. They've watched to be AI power shampooing machines takes over Chinese hair salons. Oh
My god, they finally put AI into the hair machine
I've been saying for decades. They need to do this
Do you go to hair salons? Well, maybe now I will because I can finally trust that the most advanced technology will be scrubbing my head
The era of revolution is just starting
But it seems the hair care industry is already using her if you see all intelligence to automate the hair washing process in
hair salons
That's kind of just a headline again
according to salon owner in
Tion he district the AI shampooing machines feature several built-in washing modes like speed wash
Normal wash
Extra time wash. Those are brand new modes courtesy of
artificial intelligence
You sure they're not just
Modes that were already on the machine if they're modes that were already on the machine case then how come lasers are happening here
One could ask and is me who's asking it
What are the lasers show me the lasers? Yes?
God we can finally watch the Chinese media
Some
You can't get that
Look at the computer
Now that she's out of her hair you guys you know I love and respect China and this China this channel is basically a
Chinese propaganda channel, but please show the lasers in action
There we go 30 minute
Look at the laser go
So you do to totally the top you're so kind of so wrong
Do the I need some titles to understand that lasers are happening to you. Yes. I know your anti AI because you hate the future case
But you've just seen it
You sure you didn't just send us a bunch of lights
In a otherwise standard hair drying machine the lasers
Target every follicle of hair case
Reinvitalizing it with
Healing estrogen in my sky and to the opinion. That's what's happening a
Hair washing machine. Sorry. He doesn't even know what kind of hair machine it is
It's a hair washing machine you son of a bitch piece of shit
Real light tech
Yeah, full of lights
I'm pro Chinese but anti lasers listen
I don't I just don't want to see China fall to the scourge of lasers at America's
This is a great country before we started relying on lasers so much. It was red lasers in honor of their flag
Yeah in America. They're actually um
Blue red white and blue lasers they can make white lasers. I might not be a thing that we can make actually
It's like 80 jets and a bunch of lights. Yeah a computer
You think computers are lights and fans and that's basically what that thing is and it probably will become sentient and then all of our hair
Will be so washed that will be dead
That's just how AI is it's the greatest thing ever till it kills us every time it comes up
All right Chad, I think we got this story you don't but I do man's dream Ferrari 458 spider burns to the ground
one hour after
After delivery and who do you think's responsible for that case? I think it's your bad attitude that did that to this poor man's Ferrari
That happened days ago
Time is a flat circle last week of Ferrari 458 spider burned to the ground on an expressway in Japan
That's that'd be sad under any circumstances where y'all are a lot of our prayers go to guys with spider 458 for our
According to a post on X by the owner
He spent a decade readying himself to buy the car and only took delivery an hour before it went up in flames
Yahoo Japan reports that the owner of the car is 33 year old Japanese music producer named Hong Kong
Who reportedly dreamed of owning a Ferrari one day so much so that will assume he didn't get any insurance on it because he's like
When you have a dream you put your faith in the dream. I must I'm hoping
If that happens within an hour. Oh
My gosh, look at it. It's already burning here. Oh
No, this is him with it and then this is it burning Lord's servo. Thank you for the 30 months
Uh case couldn't have done it. He was busy killing the Pope. There's no telling how quickly cases traveling around the world committing various crimes of all types
Why am I blamed? You know what JD Vance did this and he just told on himself again. He just admitted it
There was no report of a crash before the fire. Okay
Dead that we all are wondering does he have insurance?
Presumably
Spider owners around the world will be interested in discovering what exactly led to the car catching for fire
As for Hong Kong, we hope his insurance company will be able to make him whole and that he'll be back behind the wheel of another Ferrari soon
But to be clear we did no research on this article
We didn't even contact the guy. This is a Twitter post that we turned into a story and
And that is that story. I
Do like it when they're just like we hope this happened. We didn't check
We're not really doing news anymore than you and I are chat well, I read it
So I was doing full news there
Billy McFarland who is convicted of fraud over the disastrous fire festival in 2017 has announced that a planned follow-up has been cancelled and
He is putting the festivals brand up for sale
But they got the they got the correct
Zoning thing to have a small gathering in like a church or whatever. I keep this is this is the shocking news of the day
I can't believe it
Cancels firefest to
God damn it. We can't have anything nice in this country or a really bad thing, but again
What do we get to have?
Someone else by the brand and make a slightly safer version of it maybe
Or someone else buys the brand and turns it into an Amazon web series probably sorry streaming series
So breechy says she's she's have a fully built
180 sx drift car and the guy I sold it to blew it up the next day
And then was texting me all pissed off like it was my fault. He immediately took it out and redlined it on the highway
Did you give him his money back?
They give that guy the money back
Then is unironically the actual main source of news for the last month
Shit, I got to start streaming every day and you need to stop calling yourself a news channel case
So that that's done that you don't do this to people. Hey, I read stories sort of I read the stories sort of
God damn it. We're only doing any of this sort of this is detrimental to this country
McFarland founded the event eight years ago and build it as the ultimate beach party
We know what happened is this also a story based on a tweet
What did he have to say when my team and I launched
Festival to it was about two things
Finishing what I started and making things right he wrote and then he wrote other stuff
But the gist of it is that he's not he's not finishing what he started. He's not making it right
I'm gonna assume that's what those other paragraphs read. What how could they literally read anything else?
I mean, they're gonna say other things
But what he's saying is never mind. I'm not not making shit anything right
Again, I don't know why you would go to fire festival to
If you you would be hoping it's some kind of disaster
Everyone who is excited to go to fire festival to basically wants
the moment from the
From the bus ride at Universal where you drive into the disaster zone
And then they dump a bunch of water in and there's an earthquake and they're like whoa
This is crazy, but you're safe. They want like the on-the-rall's version of a huge disaster
But you can't to get that to happen
You can't have the guy who made the actual disaster in charge of making the fake disaster and that's why they're selling it
To Universal to add it to the bus tour or whatever. Maybe it will be the fire festival bus tour sponsored
by
Jimmy Fallon already sponsored by Jimmy Fallon. It's always gonna be Jimmy Fallon
Anybody hasn't been Universal. I'm shocked, but just know that the bus tour is still guided by Jimmy Fallon
You know, I used to think it was guided by Ellen
But I was confusing that with a dinosaur ride at Apcot, but I think we've literally talked about this on the stream before
We have
A man who brandished a strap-on penis from his shorts while going to a bank has admitted a charge of
offensive behavior when he appeared in court in graymouth
District court. I read every single word of that sentence. Do you understand what happened?
Well from the title I understand that a man swung a strap-on penis at a woman and let's back off and not judge him immediately
Because he basically just said sorry to a judge
Matthew John Miller 45 was initially charged with an indecent act after he swung a dildo at a lady
However, that was reduced to one week of unoffensive behavior and I think depending on how hard you swung the dildo
That's said that's fair
Well, what was the context of the dildo swing?
mmm
Okay
Miller also played guilty to a separate charge of shoplifting
Maybe he stole the dildo back in January on that occasion
He walked around Woolworth's graymouth placing several items onto a shopping bag and walked straight out of the door
Via the self-service checkouts, okay
And then but originally what he did is according to police Miller pulled out up outside an ASB bank in graymouth
December 17th of last year he walked to the ATM making no attempt to hide the hanging strap-on penis
After leaving he yelled out to a woman across the street drawing her attention to the item
Which he grabbed and swung around at her before driving off. He didn't swing it into her. He just swung it. He just waggled it
You're not even allowed to waggle your fake penis at people anymore
Um, no, it's a little weird to do in public for sure
Oh, yeah, actually, I guess now that I think about it that is pretty off-putting
But can we really blame him? Uh, yes
But what about the shoplifting that could have been an honest mistake. Yeah, we're obviously we can't blame him for the shoplifting
We can never blame for the shoplifting just to waggle. I'm kind of on uncle Phil 2k said
It depends how much waggle there was. I think as soon as you're showing your
sex toy to strangers outside a bank
You know context is everything and consent and uh the context and the consent are both off in the story
Okay, mr. Buzzkill we won't waggle our strap-ons at random ladies outside banks anymore
Infamous pro-natalist proposes Nazi like medals for moms who have six kids
Are these the Nazis
Um, I think this is that conservative couple. That's like we need to have more white babies
But you know, I shouldn't say that until I know who they are
There are many ways to describe this administration
Between JD Vance saying he wants more babies and also all the other stuff everybody says all the time
Who are these two?
Right ringers obsessive declining birth leads include Simone Collins who wants a future of genetically selected humans
Oh, you were right guys
Yeah, these have popped up in various stories over the last couple years. Let's not even give them
Any extra the limited amount of shine I can offer by saying their names, uh, they literally are like
Media vultures. They just exist to say
sensationalist pro-natalist shit
And then get written up in like the new york times or in this case jezebel
Granted they could have some level of influence in conservative circles, but they are like
Total clout riding dweebs
Yeah, but they're wearing glasses. Am I they look serious?
If they were selling me a timeshare, I would buy it
I'm just being honest
Well, that's the problem. You can't trust everyone in thick glasses jet
Then who cannot trust
No one. Oh my god
What even the rock not especially not the rock because he betrayed us by not showing up
I'm gonna buy a timeshare mr. Whippy. I'm just gonna level with you. I'm definitely buying a timeshare at some point
It's on my list of things to do the rock explains his baffling wrestle mania 41 no show. I made the call. I don't want to be involved
Never mind. I'm back on his side. It sounds like he made the call
Wayne the rock johnson has uh been glaring a mission from the undisputed wwe title picture
Okay, we're getting pretty of the weeds here for people who don't care about wrestling
case can you explain this
For people that don't know what the fuck is happening with wrestling. No
Fine, I'll do it
A beautiful blind guy
Who's our baby champion?
Was asked to sell his soul
To the rock to which he said fuck you and then a giant shaved gorilla man named who's old now
Name john sinas said what then he kicked kody in the nuts
And then the rock was like we're on the same side giant say shaved gorilla man named john sinas
And then our beautiful baby boy whose name is kody. He's like i'm gonna betray
And there was a lot of build-up that we wanted to see the the sexy rock man and the shaved gorilla man john sinas
joined forces to
yell at the baby kody, but
baby kody with what fought giant shaved gorilla sinas and
The rock didn't even show up and that was a big letdown to all of us fans
Yeah, you covered it pretty much. Thank you
Anyway, sena didn't show up. What did the rock say?
Sena did show up the rock didn't show up travis scott showed up
I didn't mention the travis scott part because it makes it even more confusing what I said
But here's what the rock said about not
Showing up to finish the story. I called john sin after elimination chamber spoke to him called kody and said
I think the final boss work is done. We've established it
We just pulled off the greatest angle in the history of professional wrestling other than halt kogan turning heel in the 90s
This is amazing. We have six weeks now. Let's build you guys go crush it
I'll be right there with you and i'm always here if you need me
But I think it's best for the final boss not to be involved in that finish six weeks to plan for that
But then why was he involved in the setup?
because sometimes the most boss thing of all is to
Yelling to a mic
I'm the fucking man. I'm in charge of all this these two pieces of shit are my servants
You drop the mic and you're never seen from again
Then you disappear forever
Like kaiser permanente
You mean kaiser sose?
No
Anyway, that's all the wrestling news
We've hit our wrestling news quota for the day. So I have to move on and off
But I fully explained everything so we all get it
Well, thank you chat. I'm happy. I'm happy to talk about wrestling very articulately
FDA to phase out dies used in flaming hot cheetos skittles and other snacks
courtesy of the top doc
robert franklin kennedy
senior
rfk jr. Oh
The fluorescent red of flaming hot cheetos the brilliant teal of mountain dubah blast and the colorful rainbows of scatiles
May be soon dimmed. Oh my god. This is poetic the food and drug administration is phasing out the use of petroleum based synthetics dies by the end of next year
The agency and ups
on Tuesday for at least 50 years american children have increasingly been living in a toxic soup of synthetic chemicals
FDA commissioner marty mccarrie said at a press conference
Foods and beverages companies use add is like fred die 40 to give cereals chip sports drinks and products bright hues that are fucking awesome
Looking honestly, I love how red some of my food is
Been a long advocate of big red foods because a bright enough candy reminds me of a really raw slice of steak
That's why I eat so many twizzlers
Able long gory is going to be pissed
Look, I mean
When rfk is right. He's right. We're poisoning ourselves specifically with this one thing and now that it's gone foods good again
I don't even think rfk is saying that I guess to give him credit, but um
sure
Whatever
Our food can be less red. I'm fine with that
How is he so red though?
Oh my god, is he hoarding all the red die for himself for his own skin?
I'm just asking questions like our boy guy redacted
It's a little suspicious that a man so red is getting rid of all the red stuff
If he's the only red thing
Then all of the ladies will look at him because red attracts the eye
And then it'll be like he's in the movie love potion number nine
He'll be getting chased by this down the street by hot babes
Well, that's probably not his plan actually I take it back what I said was dumb
No, you were on the right track and you're coward as usual and you backed off
sperm racing what sperm racing case
Did I fucking misspeak sperm racing?
God damn it
sperm racing
Sperm racing what are you talking about chat fucking watch this
Everything big always starts small
This is the world's first ever sperm race
This is asher from ucla versus
Tristan from usc
Two legends on microscopic racetrack the battle for whose sperm is the healthiest the fastest and the tastiest
Whose swimmers will win the race
versus ucla
Friday April 25th live on sperm racing dot com
Damn it. I don't have I was gonna try to play applause
Because I'm giving it up to those boys who you got case you got asher. Who's the other one?
Asher versus Tristan you got asher or Tristan. What is nucleus?
That's your question. You're getting all tripped up by the sponsor add options now
Oh, this is great. Who will win the sperm race exclamation point?
Oh is how you putting an option. I am open to outside
Contenders other than ashton ashton or tristan
Because I think with sperm you never know what might sneak in there. I say that every time
I deal with sperm
Every time I deal with sperm. I say you never know what might
Oh candle's calling
Kendall is calling
Kendall you're on the stream
Okay, do you not want to be on the stream?
Well, I just I need you to do me a favor
Can you not say it on the stream?
Yeah, so if you look in my my bag the orange one
There's a lip tint in there and I need you to tell me what color it is
Like if you look at the bottom is there's a name of it
I just don't want to accidentally buy the same one twice
It's in an orange bag
It's the orange bag on the kitchen counter
You bring the bag to the stream if you want
No, that's okay
I'll go check guys behave yourselves. I'm gonna play
Hmm, I don't have any music to play. I'll just play this Pepito theme again for you guys
Oh, you're right. I had the Kendall theme song
There we go
Oh
Because her name is what her name is what
Hello, what's her name?
Yeah
Hanging
There we go, I forgot I have so many headphones
Hmm. Okay guys the lip liner was called honesty
It's called honesty and the color was orange, but she needed to know the name
Of the type of lip liner it was and I found it out and she didn't tell me if she already had it
What the fuck
Check you can come back now. I was just testing out some sperm racing
In the bathroom
Why'd you go in the waiting room then?
Okay, I'll admit it. I was testing it out in the hallway
It seemed like a good place to race it
Check you gotta stop masturbating in the hallway. I didn't
I just pulled some sperm out
I carry a little with me just in case
Anyway, I suspect mine's pretty fast. It kind of just laid there
But on a microscopic level
I sensed a lot of energy coming from it
And that's all the stories for today
We can't end on that one
Well, would you like to talk about this Shannon sharp start me? Nope
No, I'm actually good
We can end on sperm racing
All right, that's it for now
That is a news and we've done it and now to end the stream
We will go to the webs where we will be amongst them
And I won't be there because case is a real stickler about don't do all the segments chat
Even though I should be there apparently I won't be but someone else will and that's why the web is to where we go
of amongst it now
Oh
I needed to pick me up today. So I tagged myself in
Uh, it was gonna be it was gonna be Tyler actually when we found in the hallway, but I told him to go home
From we literally just got through saying we don't double up on hosts
Well, I need everybody's been really mean to me today. So I need a type of you know, we're gonna go
I need to pick me up
From what you got $5,000 for
Advocating for the abolishment of Roe v. Wade. No, I was a hypothetical debate involving woodchucks
Uncle Phil 2k. Thank you for the hundred bits
Citrix, thank you for the one month and Lord servo. Thank you so much for the 30 months
I also I just I really I wanted to pop on I'm doing fine. I don't care
Well, you okay. Well, that's hurtful and you don't need to say that but
I'm not involved in laundering points and I haven't attacked or robbed any streamers and that's a crazy thing to say
It
He's a lot of people say don't even give it the light of day. Don't give these crazy conspiracies the light of day
Well, I'm here to I think actually proactive stance. I'm not involved. That makes me feel like you're involved. Why would you I'd already forgotten
Now I feel like
Now somehow it does feel like you're involved
Also, the gorilla's here normally he's playing me. I know he's here. I'm showing him my back
To show that I'm not a threat
Is he looking? Yes
He keeps he keeps his eyes to the side. I can tell he's watching. Yeah, he's watching you. He's looking right at you
Well, should we watch some videos about woodwork? No, this is the other segment. It's amongst the web
Oh, I want to do the woodworking segment that segment evens isn't even about woodworking. It's just how tos shoot. Well, okay
I guess we'll watch
Guess we'll watch internet videos
I'm excited to learn about woodworking, but all right
Oh
We gotta see that again
Dang China's kind of doing some cool stuff, aren't they?
Shoot, are they actually doing cool stuff?
And China the swords fly now
darn it
but
You know, um
You might have heard of a little guy named Ezra Klein who's got some big ideas about prosperity that I think could
get us flying swords
Possibly by 2035 if we just deregulate the housing market. Yes, we're not here to talk about that
We're not here to talk about that
7.77
That's a jackpot. That's even better than a 10. That's three sevens
Now that works, but still impressed. All right inside history
This seems to be a tweet
Here for you
There's a kind of compilation we are quite safe from your friends here
Your overconfidence is your weakness
Your faith in your friends is yours
Is pointless to resist my son
Damn, I want to see that whole
Uncut movie now. I get that they're having fun, but
Don't you think that might take you out of the movie a little bit chief?
Yes, crumb
Cerevisa creased. Do you like it or not? I I'm just playing I'm just playing with jokes and jet and I'm having fun
Mm-hmm. Hey, he's playing the music
He's just trying to drown you out
You hate everything about that Cerevisa creased. Don't Cerevisa creased. Don't
I don't know. I'm kind of into it
I'd be if cable was still a thing and um, or maybe they should introduce this into streaming because they
They're still kind of iffy on how many ads they can run. They can just stitch really funny ads in I'm sure that won't go wrong
Okay, stop advocating for things that will ruin media. They'll get there on their own anyway. They don't need me advocating for it
I kind of want Cerevisa creased on that it did work on me. Well, their their advertising strategy was a bit of a long game
for 2003 to 2025 but
As a clip out on a tweet
For a minute, I think it's an effective ad
Give me rave finding Cerevisa creased on your some boards
You know, they might have actually I'm pretty sure actually they they do do this strategy now
They just don't call attention to it in the same way
But I think actually about
Last time I checked about 30 percent of movies are just straight ads. Yeah. I just want the ads to be even more blunt
I don't want them to be kind of, you know
I don't want it to be just be like the reflection of an apple logo in
Ryan Reynolds proprietary whiskey
I want Ryan Reynolds to go Ryan Reynolds whiskey. He's pretty close to that to be fair. Yeah
I wanted to be even more blunt true blue 91ers. Thank you so much 30 months
30 months. You've been doing this case. How do you feel better than you crumb?
I'm surrounded by haters
My enemy's on all side of me, but you know what wise man went said someday my haters be my waiters proud democrat said that
Eric Adams
Well at the time a proud democrat I could think of other quotes
I
She got there she got me
She got there at the end. I was worried. She took us on a ride. I was on the ride
I'll give it to her
The ride worked the ride worked on me. There's a good ride wasn't a smooth ride the bumpy ride with the smooth landing
You're making me hate it
Crumb you're making it worse
And it was pretty good
Zachy poo. Thank you for the four months. Someone get crumb a Cervesa crystal
Uh, just pretend this has a Cervesa crystalline
Hmm
Cervesa crystal beautiful hair and beard there for a sec. Nope
Hmm
A true blue 91ers that keep we thank you again
The fuck Comcast for all the things that NBC universal for everything they took from us
When you see NBC universal do you just fill in Comcast have low we in brain response? I guess so
Hey, I'll never
Fuck ill of my
beautiful former corporate overlord for all the semi reasonable paychecks. They gave me for nearly a year
Actually, I guess I technically work for g4 for like
A year and a half because I was there for before the start of it
But the channel itself we know case
You've talked about it
Okay, that's you know it
That's actually faircrumb you said something fair for once
McCain pal and rap is this real?
Is my brain might have deleted this if it's real
Oh
It's not really
Was that you with hair
No
Some questionable choices might have been made if I continued to watch that
a little bit of a
A no-no word that starts with the same letter as no
Yeah, but it was with a soft a
Crumb no, you're not allowed to have that opinion
I'm saying it's not okay
Saying it was with the soft a and that's not okay
I actually that was one of my campaign slogans
In uh 2002 the soft a is not okay
I was running against a man named Arnold Cummins
It was Arnold, but with a soft a
I don't need to know any of this crumb crumb. I don't want to know any of this
Feels like you're making it up. Nope. You can go back and check the campaign tapes
Only Gary Anthony Williams can use the n word
What is this 770 views? I don't know who found this
I'm impressed I am impressed it. What is this from?
What is the lineage of this youtube video?
Is does it behind my back and I don't know
Hey, I don't know if it's safe. I think it's safe to play
Not safe to play. Is this like the intro to a porn?
Is that what this video is?
Does this turn into a porn at some point?
Maybe it's great, but case won't let us find out
Do you want to watch it crumb? No, I don't either. It sounds like you want to watch it
Arnold Cummins, I I I soundly trounced that man
He tried to primary me
and I said
Who's gonna pay for universal healthcare? He was he was a
Extreme leftist running to primary me in 2002
from
Can you just stop?
I stopped him
From his radical left agenda. Jesus Christ. Okay
And look centrist isn't a dirty word
Oh
Can we check on x videos for this rap? Yeah. Oh, you know, we didn't talk about Hegseff today
I you know, I take two days off of reading the news and um
Turns out nowadays
Very bizarre things happen every day in the national media from our elected officials
One of which was Pete Hegseff. Um, if we didn't cover this but he texted war plans to his wife through signal chat essentially
he put his wife on a signal chat with a
Confidential war plans on it
But he's been kind of going scorched earth to try to blame everyone else for him doing that and this is him talking about it
This is what the media does
They take anonymous sources from disgruntled
former employees
And then they try to slash and burn people
And ruin their reputations not going to work with me
because we're
changing the defense department
putting the pentagon back in the hands of war fighters
And anonymous smears from disgruntled former employees on old news
Doesn't matter so i'm happy to be here at the east red roll with my dad
And my kids because you know, this is what we're doing it for these kids right here
This is why we're fighting the fake news media. This is why we're fighting slash and burn democrats
This is where we're fighting hoaxters
Hoaxters
This group no no this group right here full of hoaxters
That peddle anonymous sources from leakers with access to grind and then yes
Put it all together as if it's some
news story
And when we know it we know exactly what it is
So i'm really proud of what we're doing for the president fighting hard across the board and i'm going to go roll some east
eggs
With my kids. Thank you very much
Side effect v1. Thank you for the nine months. Now watch me hit this drive. Yeah, real
The real commanding moment there from pete egg step
It's good to see the steady leadership of our
current administration at work
You're not allowed for these easy dunks crumb. You're not allowed to be correct. Well, even i
Even you especially me
Can be in this circumstance
Uh people say it reminds them of v but i think it's i think that's not giving how
Bizarre the moment is enough credit
It is uh, it's impressive. It's impressive the show we've got going on
The show with
No consequences like a real show right nope there there will be some unfortunately. Hmm
Yeah more black mirror than veep
it's like um
It's like if the show justified was a comedy it's not
Yeah, yeah, and also the cast have justified was the the comedy version of the cast of the show justified was in charge of the nation
That's what i'm going with to describe the current moment. I've also never seen the show justified
I'm just assuming okay. Well, they're probably not accurate then. Yeah, that it doesn't matter accuracy is not important
It turns out. Um, all right. Let's keep going. Let's do a couple more. Let's do a couple
more crumb
If that's okay with you you're actually asking no
Yeah, i'm a white girl that can eat hot cheetos
And I don't even it's not even spicy for me. I don't even have to drink any water drink eating
Oh, should I do not copy that?
Wait, they're supposed to be spicy wait wait. I think I actually got the noraditos. Oh
Oh, they're just they're actually the flaming hot ones, but I just thought it was a normal doritos because they're just not spicy at all
Because my spice levels are off the charts
That's a white girl. That's not something you find often, but uh for me, it's not anything new
That's one crazy white girl. That is what she wants us to say, I think
and
okay
Are we gonna back to back zeros?
Are we really gonna are we gonna pull that off?
Alive and sleazy we also see your link
I think that we found the right one. You know, we've fucking done it
Wow
That's the that's the level we're operating on today
boom
In a way
That makes it a good score
A proper zero
Double zeros. Let's see if we can hit the triple
whoa
Graphics so nice case played it twice
The stream spells. Oh
Well, hey, uh a well-earned double zero from that lady
But she didn't find him spicy no one's impressed
I
I haven't had a flaming hot chino in so long. I don't know
Have they altered their recipe? I'm assuming it's still the classic
Well, let's go for the record. This is was requested. Let's see what we got
Oops, I threw them well. There we go
Witnesses are recounting some of the drama that unfolded on the sunshine coast this afternoon
Two sisters have told how their mother and man raced to help when the kajak suv rolled on steve urwin way
Only to find the gun wielding car thief emerging from the wreck. Here's some of what they had to say
And one guy he was up there with our mom
And he he went up there and he was coming back down towards us and he goes run
He's got a gun
And oh our heart started a pound and I said oh mom where's mom
And poor poor mom was stuck up there, but apparently our brave mom
She goes are you all right because he had all blood all over his face
And he goes i'll shoot you she goes hey i'm here to help
And mum distracting to make him look the other way and he looked the other way
Fred armorson bit
It does feel fake, but i'm confused by the wrap in
Do that on stream yeah, let's do it case
I'm not quite sure how that would work
Because that is something we're in sync enough
And we can be in sync look i'll talk at the same time as you
Okay
Do you think that that was real?
It's not how you do it. You don't just
Finish my sentences
You have to talk at the same time as you
No, the idea is you know that I cut you off
The idea is that you don't cut me off
Yeah, that we talk at the same time
You're not getting it or am I getting it better than anyone's ever gotten it before
Oh
Crumb shot 4.71
What crumb shot i'm trying to make that happen
crumb shot
Crumb shot
Shots already requested that you never say crumb shot again, but other people are saying crumb shots for days
Controversy creates moolah. That's one of my books. No, I'm not I'm not even gonna ask
I don't want to help you promote your book. Let's end on let's do one more and then
I'm done for the day crumb you can out draw the stream
With play with a plum
Oh
This is a classic gael gado's uh best line deliveries. Oh, yeah, that's line deliveries. All right, let's find out
And enough champagne
To fill the Nile
Wait, what did it say? Don't worry about it. It said best
Okay, cuz I'm a big fan
Max lord, you're putting yourself and everyone else in grave danger. I need you to give me the stone
What happened to it? What did you say?
So exciting
Very interested to find the man who bought those why should I help him because we're asking you nicely
Just tell me where the cost to get away from me name of price
I'll buy the whole damn boat if I have to who are you?
The last one of haste a compels you to reveal the truth
Now who are you but who enough I said enough as amazon's this is our duty
You have no idea what kind of power you're doing
She's so good. She cared what a what a lady
Okay
I'm numb that one. Yeah, she's beautiful. She's pretty
Yeah
It's got some pretty interesting opinions too
Okay, mr. Budge kill what?
You don't like her opinions on uh
Cinema and acting
Yeah, that's it
Anyway, those were some of her best lines. Yep
I'm smiling ear to ear from watching my gal
Crumb shot
Just keep that gun coming closer and closer come
Don't you start trying to get me to die as well case
You're not allowed only munch gets munch isn't supposed to do that either actually it's a two
Two crumb shots wait that's low. Is it two out of two?
You know, whatever you want from I've been a little mean
I don't want to hop on the bully train
Speaking of the train crumb made me look made love to a blanket once
No one should ever forget this
Well, look, I mean when you have a childhood blanket
sometimes in your youth you get
confused
Items of intimacy from your youth become item items of intimacy from from your adolescence
We all remember the story of my crummy binky
Approaching aside anti-crumb shot
She's anti-crumb shot
That's what bothers you about that sentence. Is that about gal gado is she anti-crumb shot?
What about the first part?
I don't I don't have a
Munch shot
No, it's my thing
Crumel no, okay. Look that's all the time we have for the day right gorilla
Right he stopped playing you made him stop by talking to him. Okay. Let's see who's on
Get me a little um
Get me a little bassoon beat bassoon trap trap bassoon. Yeah. Yeah
What's this guy doing this video is called trap bassoon
And I'm gonna play it while I look for someone to raid
Let's see if he traps out the bassoon
Looks like still do
He's doesn't have much time left to make this a trap beat
Yeah, trap it out
Uh-oh
He's getting crunchy with it now
This trap bassoon come on trap soon
Whoa, let's do them go
Yeah, didn't have quite enough bassoon at the end for me. I was hoping for a little more bassoon
Here's another bassoon type trap beat
Why do you want bassoon type trap beats? I wouldn't I?
You don't have to rap. I don't have to
drum on the mic
bassoon type
bassoon type beat
drum on the mic
What to rap you only have give like 20 seconds. Thank god. Nope
You're gonna rap so fast for 20 seconds that you'll never learn your list
I'm crumbling to stay on message soft day is pending. Whoo bassoon making those ladies swoon
Best like of a boom
I'm beating up tunes beating up tunes
By my name was Roger Rabbit
Find my jessica and I know that I'm gonna stab it
Grrrrrm
Okay, just stop bassoon rap
Okay, just case wants me to stop so I guess that's all the time crumb shot
Obviously a crumb shot, but I guess that's all the time we have the raid has happened
It was a it was supposed to be a case raid. It was a crumb raid. I didn't get to it, but
I was gonna rap how it was a crumb raid, but I ran out of time
Can you end the stream?
Where's the button?
Stop, okay. I'm stopping that no cases to budge kill today. So crumb shot boom
Shootin' crumb shotting the stream