Okay, everybody, I'm back. Sorry. I was on the phone trying to sort it out
I don't want to dox anyone unintentionally or intentionally
Maybe too intentionally. I'm also back in space. You might have noticed. I'm in space once again. It's where I belong
Sorry, the whole
Program crashed when I tried to switch over to lethal company my computer couldn't handle the incredible graphical load of lethal company a
Hot graphical load. All right. We are launching and there's Fiona
Join game
What about shape shifter? Hello
So fee can I invite some people you can
Also
My phone he's in the zone check
So we give him a rub on the belly
That
While you're playing this can you could do your you could do your
Grand Theft Auto reaction. Oh
Yeah
That's actually rendering the background guys. It's a pretty big project. I turns out I was rendering for 360 VR video
Okay
So it's gonna be pretty sick
It's gonna really feel like you're in the trailer while I'm honestly reacting and it's do my reactions case
You'll be proud. They're like fucking so honest. That's so cool
Thank you. Honest review. Thank you. They're super. No, it's just it's my honest reactions
The other six the trailers out. Okay, I invited to react to your reaction. Oh
I would love reaction content to my reaction. So that's me. No, I was gonna tell sub that your mods
Maybe aren't updated
Which one are we on
Yeah, you're gonna have to tell all your friends change case
Yeah, I'm at the bigger one bigger lobby. Let me call my friend John real quick
Call John Siri call Jerry call John
I'll be right back everybody called call dealer John
called John
So we're just gonna
Artistic new video. It's a lot now
I
It's bad John's trying right now. I need to just I need to just get a damn house again
I just would love for you to have a house
Imagining a house
The road is kept us waste way too much
Yeah, that's that's why we're holding up. We sold at a really good time
And now it's just like a matter of holding off for like eight months for things to correct. I think
I'm just waiting for a massive crash in the market forever considering
That's fair
No, eventually the whole it just waiting for the country to collapse and then it's the perfect time
In the apocalypse rubble is gonna be so cheap
Oh
Everybody's so confused by this mod stuff. Should I invite should I invite Casem? I
Tried but
I
Tried to join a couple minutes of the discord yesterday, but when I saw Fiona just demolishing Cass
For not appreciating this game. I you know, I casually observed and then no doubt and yeah, I would say
I know that I'm enjoying it way more than
He was saying that one the same game
But was a litter at the phobia is the same game. I'm sorry like that is the same game
Well game like it's it's better in some ways because it's like case could probably test to it
gives you more to react to it more I
Was watching cuz I didn't realize phasmophobia was even a thing
So I was watching some of it. It does seem a little slower. Maybe or something
For sure
Yeah, I like to get goofy
I'm sort of a goofy guys sort of my
They are coming I think they just have to update
Flashlight
Or like should we do like a one like three-day round?
Well, we can do it. We could do a moon and then remake and they could join after the moon
I'm guessing it'll take them about five minutes to figure it out
Oh shoot John are you still there
Have you been able to figure it out
Yeah, I got six flashlights
And then what else do we want
Wait, actually how much do we have
We should get me spray paint
What did spray paint you shovel spray paint will let it let you like pay a trail and stuff so you don't get lost
Oh, that's chill
Gzp inhalant what is that? Oh, I love the spray paint. That's great. Hey feet
Let's do a moon and then we can remake once we're back in space and then these people could try to join
All right, I feel like we need to stop by
Flashlights are the best
Flashlights are like what you need. Where am I? No flashlight. Just show you stuff. That's all we don't need. Let's go to
offense
We need we need like a teleporter
We need a jetpack
Oh, you know where we should have gone should have gone to titan
It's not pushing me
Do you want a teleporter in a jetpack? No. Yeah
No, we should go to titan
I'll buy how much it's
Okay, what are we buying
Amir wants to shovel I got spray paint
Well, did you buy flashlights?
Nope. Oh my god. We need flashlights guys. Do you want pro flashlight or regular?
I'll scout ahead
I will be brave as heck
I'll be a real brave boy and scout ahead
It's so useful when someone runs off and dies is what I've learned about this game
Thank you ash. Oh, also ash. We're on the bigger lobby mod if you want to play
um
We're gonna remake after this moon. I think
John Madison and host sway are trying to get the mod and then I'm hoping to get them in here
And also if anyone in chat wants to play I think we're going
A more open mode
Actually, you know, I didn't make the game so I guess I shouldn't just invite everyone
But personally, I do love a huge game. I love a big thick game
Oh, wow, you can hear the rocket ship all the way in here. It says you have 3.5 k
Wait, what is that?
Check me out. I'm already doing good stuff
You're my mod, baby
I think ransom and phil should both be mods. Are you not if you're not all mod you
And then you are my mods
Hello, I'm actually a monster feast. So be careful
Oh, yeah, where's the fire exit on this planet? It's here. How do you get here? Oh
It's just at the end
Of this pipe now. I know is there anything over here like a ladder somewhere
You're not okay. I'll mod you both
And then you can ban me from my own chat
Wait a minute. How am I so confused? Oh, there it is
Now
Oh
Okay, we're not as fine as I thought
What got good look everybody got good
What's happening down there? All right, buddy
Come here. Come right here. This is fun
Please
So will that thing run towards me?
If I go in the main entrance is everybody dead? Did everybody die?
Did it murder kevin?
I'm only worried about kevin
He's a national treasure. He must be protected
God damn it. Everything is out to get me. Where's the entrance?
Main entrance. There we go
Kev's alive. Okay
That's all we care about. I'm going to go back to the ship and drop this off and then I'll go find the most important elder
Okay, is anybody over here still?
I need to for science figure out. Will the spring head just rush straight towards me if I enter
Is it just active through the whole facility now? Oh, that's a big 10-4
Come on
Well, now I know how that works
at least
Are you serious?
That little fucker fucking guy wants to come for me
Does he know who I am?
I'm a guy who streams
On twitch sometimes
If this game just allowed for big-ass lobbies, everyone could play. It'd be a paradise. All right, where the fuck is the ship?
There's the entrance. That means the ship's
Yeah, everybody who goes in now is screwed. Well, we could go back in if one person just stared at the spring head
If we team worked it. Am I still going the wrong way?
I think I'm somehow still going the wrong way. I guess it's this way. Oh, there it is. Okay
Oh, if you kiss it, it leaves you alone. I'll go back and kiss it
You guys should take off. I'm on the roof. You sure? Yeah
Okay, let me in. Let me in. Open it. Open it so it doesn't die. Oh god
Everything's fine. Everything's fine. Wow
I was just fucking blabbing straight up to that thing
Yeah, and I remember I was like I like whispered to Kevin and be like
I was like blah blah blah. What's up chat?
Uh, where should we go?
But look at that. We got we got all of our, um
We kept all of our flashlights, which is great
What about cases friend? Is he good enough? I haven't heard it from them yet
So I guess let's do another one and they'll and host way also. Just let me know when you're ready
Okay, if anybody's in chat trying to sort it out. Just let me know when you want
You had me at fucking oh, we got spray paint. That's excited
Okay, we definitely need to hey guys, I will say this round we have to fucking
We have to get some shit
It's not our fault that there was a springy man
We had a skibbity boy
He said skibbity toilet boy
It's gonna be bees yeah, we'll do this last guys bees last the bees will kill at least one of us
Yeah, bees last
Kendall might be getting all right, she's in the bathroom
You can get the bees, but let's do that last
That's chill
Dude, that's so fucking chill. That's the chillest shit I've ever
I'm going in. Oh shit. Did we kind of like there's no flashlight style makes me feel brave
Okay, it's a real dark though. It's like for real dark
All right. I heard a spooky noise ordered something
Whoa, look there's a present right there
Did you order something kids? I did not. What's lighting up there?
Hello
There's two fire exits down here
That's exciting
Yeah, let's actually see if we can turn on the lights
I never get how that works. I turned it on
Yeah, I think so
What is the
Oh shaking the spray can one of the presidential hopefuls rocked a piss
Mike
Why is the scariest noise in this game
Oh mine, okay, I'm still learning this now. I'm sorry. It's okay, Gavin. It's okay buddy. I'm shouting buddy
Open here
There's a mine in there
Someone's ceiling I think I heard
What?
I think I heard someone's on the ceiling
L zero
I could run back to the ship and open
Open some doors
I'm gonna run back to the ship and open up l zero
I'm gonna run back to the ship and open up l zero
Wait, why
So
Okay, we can't run away every time there's a spooky thing
Well, I mean you can go you can keep going
Someone gives me a flashlight. I'll keep going
And go in I have to go grab the stuff from the entrance. Can you open l zero when you get back to the ship?
Okay. Yeah. Um, thank you
Uncaught uncompromised to a non-permanent and now I just have to not immediately get in quicksand
And also know where I'm going which I don't
Heck, this way was dense white man. It'd be very funny if more people in my life are just like oh, hello white man
Oh, there we go. Okay
Okay, who's way can give it a shot now at least they don't do that for me
I gotta drop these off at least. Oh my god. I think we should take off
Other goes an engine
We've high put us at quota
Oh my god, well we lost an engine
Well, we should be pretty at quota. I've also found some uh anybody got you on this body
No
Yeah, we're like 400 something so we should be over quota
Hi, you did something you were so plain. We got it. He was plain
We did it
Okay, I guess let's just finish let's just finish this run and then we'll have other people try to join
Okay
Well, so if you're there, we'll do one more moon and then we'll just try to get everybody on
You could
We want to do walkie-talkie caps since you can't um
Talk that much
Yeah, I thought I'd be tough to talk into it. I believe that's okay
Okay, never mind. I don't know what else do we want to get what do you guys want?
I didn't know if you want
Want that if you guys want uh
Do you guys shovel?
Um yeah, we can get shovel
Who wants a shovel?
I could use a flashlight
Yeah, shovel and two more flashlights. I mean, I don't really think we really need this shovel
I'll bravely scout ahead
Let's go the exciting secret way right now, I don't know if you can join because
um
Or just mid moon or whatever, but we're about to drop everything off and then when you're between rounds
It should be just joinable
Well, assuming all the mods don't take a shit, um for
Ash if you're still trying to join
I found the easiest way to just
Not be too stressed out what the mod situation is to download that thunder store app
Okay, that is a disconcerting noise
Just the item delivery noise
There was a wrestler called that they might honestly get popular in a way that would that would be worrisome
Because there's so much stuff in this room
In the turret room don't mind me
Can I if you hide behind those
Random things are you safe? Well, I think I know what to do. That didn't work. Whoa. Now it's pointed this way
Or was it always?
I'm up here
All right, there's a bunch of stuff out there
Uh-oh going for it
Wait, where is it?
I think there's no anything in there work. I grabbed this stuff out of here already guys. Yeah, I'm scanning it. I'm not seeing anything
It freaked me out
Okay, let me be clear. Let me be clear. Let me be clear. She said don't hit it. Don't hit it. Don't hit it
I wanted to hit it. She said okay hit it by the time I pressed the mouse button feet body was on the ground. That's my story
Honestly holds up story holds up in court. Thank you. Uh-oh
Guys, there's a big monster coming
Yeah, secretly I'm running from Kevin because he's a killer
Why is it so hard to drop things?
Come on
No
What did it even get stuck on?
Oh my god
All right. Well, this is gonna take a second
Please return. Oh
Fee you're gonna kill us all
Oh, no
Fiona you might have just doomed us. I gotta make it back so that someone's on the ship
Fuck
I guess I technically have time to go get that stuff
Is anybody on here? Oh my god. I just have to wait. Well, shit
Fiona that was very that was very cruel
bad Fiona
Can I cancel it white man? I can't as a white man. I actually just have to support Fiona in her decisions
And I'm fine with that
Listen
I'm taking responsibility. I'm listening and I see where she's coming from. That's all I'm gonna say about it
All right. I would just like to point out though, we would have totally lost
If I wasn't here
Everybody just died
Yes, I'm very progressive now
As of today
What's happening? I did not trust that case. I'm sorry, but I had everyone vote
I had everyone vote because I was like there was actually no way I knew you were gonna go back to get
Something killed you
Was everybody dead but me
Literally Kevin was like right next to a Thumper and he was gonna die and
I had so much stuff
I don't know how how from the dead to explain
How to let you know that someone needs to be in the ship other than vote
Imagine imagine we lost all of this. I dumped your body on the ground because
I'm gonna land
To make us broke I had so much stuff
I know but we were all dead case. That was alive
Channel just to take your views
Yeah, that's what I just thought too
What?
Oh shoot. John can't play anymore
Okay, I think it's full right
I'll see you. All right. AI for humans the twitch channel or it's just about making
AI
Okay, that's enough why are you writing that? Why are you saying I'm a butt hole Kevin?
There we go
And just like that we're rich
Let's go to space so we can get other people in and then we'll buy stuff up there does that work for people?
Yeah
Wait, is everyone here Kevin
I'm gonna come in here since since when do you care if I'm here Fiona?
I care about everyone making it so we can have the items
Just kill him
He's just jumped out the ship
All right time to time to invite people you want to play? Okay
Okay, we have to all leave and then I have to invite everyone. Well actually. I think now that we're in between rounds people can join
No, I have to
Wait, so am I leaving? I guess let's remake. Yeah. Okay. I'll remake
Okay, gotta get in there. All right. Now I invite
Invite to game
Invite to game sub should I try to invite you again?
Okay, I'll sway and fancy you should have just gotten an invite
There you are
Exterminator in
I'm here
Okay, is um
I want sub to come but
I know what you did exterminator
Who's that
Brought the beat I have to the back of the ship
I know what you did
I went and watched faces on the other day and I was like it wasn't me
Well, I brought it to the ship. I didn't know I didn't put it in the ship
Kevin is still mad at me, but Kevin just said that it was really fun. So
Casem's fucking bullshit. Yeah, but when when Casem asked him about it, he's gonna say oh
No, that's not true
It can't be
Who's who's in here? I think this worked
It's me. Yay
Well, you missed Kevin
But that's okay
Okay, but um
The shape ship their ships want to play
Yeah, let me see if anybody else is on
I mean, uh, case malcos, uh, I also thought maybe I could who's fancy rancid
Piled the ship with it. I died before it. Hey, I'm a friend of candle
Friend of candle. Okay. Hey friend of candle fancy fancy is uh, my is kennel nice friend
Okay, cool. So I'll just can I call you fancy? Is that okay? Yeah, it's only fun
Okay, we have everyone here
Okay, I'll say she doesn't know fancy actually that's just my friend
That's great to hear my friend hosts way also wants to play but he's having some still having some mod issues
Okay, that's okay
Um, I don't see shape ship tim is hosting an open mic. I know either. I also want him
Yeah, I actually
Out the mods I have to launch it. Oh, yeah, she made it in good
I'm the thunder strike mod
Yeah, I had to download the thunder thing. She got anything to work
Just being a total hater spies actually the most hater
It doesn't solve this thing that runs in the background takes some resources unless you
It is
I know you're already low on ram
So, yeah, that probably fucks everything up. I got too much ram. I'll share it with you fee
Okay, yeah, thanks. Kind of got like too much
Share some ram, man
Um, okay
Oh my god, I have so many different weird chat things open and they're confusing me badly
Um, it's up still here. Okay
Um
Who else are we waiting for?
He's trying to get my friend who's sway to join
But I can't see his chats for some weird ass reason. Okay
Um, he's just downloading the thunderstorm thing
We could do a moon and then remake one more time if that's oh, he says he says 30 seconds. Yeah, let's just get some waters
everybody
I'm gonna have something playing for my viewers while I go to the bathroom break
Um
Everybody piss please
Everyone is pissing right now just to inform any viewers out there
Uh correction. I'm eating manicotti
Oh, okay
Um, most people are pissing or eating manicotti or both. You're not eating manicotti while pissing. Exactly. That's the pro move
No, I don't like the this particle is getting in my manicotti. Oh, so you're not into
Delicate cuisines
I like extreme sicknesses not mild cases. Oh, okay
If I'm gonna get sick, I want to miss more. All right. I'm gonna get some water
Why don't you play here? I'll switch it over on you
What is this monster out so you have Fiona put on stream switch into the comfortable headphones
I'm going full gamer mode
I have so many windows open. It is crazy
Oh, hostway everyone at home get water too. Oh good. Hostway made it in. Okay
Why can't I hear anything? Oh, these aren't plugged in
All right
Hostway did you make it in is he in here?
Uh
He said 30 seconds. I'm over
You want to say fk and left the disturbing shrek video playing consolidate my chat windows
Yeah, that is kind of disturbing
All right. All right. All right. I can play music too guys
Play this
See my chat my stream has such friendly music. Oh the grunge list is full. I'm excited to grunge this
Sunday at fives
Find out who makes the fuck's list
for grunge
Be grundle. You cannot win this game. You can only make it deep into the
Um quota pool and then be proud of yourself
Okay, I'm ready without him. Wow
I'm ready. Oh sway. No the mods. All right. Well, what coastway if you sort it out just just message me
Wow, everything is in terrible shape should we go to rend it's not
Or dine
Uh, no it costs money, but we are rich. I guess let's just money do we have 543?
I guess let's go to tighten. Uh tighten is foggy, but we could go there
I prefer tight. All right. Let's try tighten even those foggy. Oh, it's 700
I don't we can't afford that actually
Let me see how much rend is
Rend is probably more expensive. Rend is fine. Okay. We can't afford that either
Factor inch. Maybe we could it's
Oh, we can't afford any. All right. Um, all the moons are pretty fucked up right now
What's worse stormy flooded or eclipsed or what's what's the best of those three options?
Flooded is the best flooded is okay. Oh, no, you don't want to do flooded
Why not flooded is fine because because stormy
Yeah, but stormy you can get electrocuted. We can't get a lot of items
Eclipse is an actual no no eclipse is we die like that's dead. That's a that's death row
I feel like eclipse isn't that bad at experimentation because it's right there the building. Yeah, so tomorrow's really the mobs
So flooded yes, I didn't see she had a stream yesterday. Should we just do flooded?
All right
Hope everybody bought their flook at all point fingers at
Okay, whatever whatever. I'm also sorry that I
Sorry that I um
Wait, you can get discounted moons. How the first one that popped up
She's like luffy exactly no pirate king start game. Uh, yeah launch us captain
So you guys all had a fun little thing while I went to go pee
I wouldn't call that fun
About a flush
Okay
Okay, we got a ship coming in by the way
We have four flashlights and two walkie-talkies coming
Are we gonna have someone stay back I can stay back and grab a while if you want
Yeah, I'm also fine to stay back in the ship. I mean we don't have any items necessarily so
So just too long
Uh, give it to me fee
All right, I'll hang out in the ship
Oh crazy, I actually got that cleared with um accounting, but and I cleared it by leaving this yield sign for somebody
I'll call it. Thank you. Thank you so much. It's fine. I swear. There's paperwork somewhere I come and come in
Melko do you want to stay here?
Yeah, I'm close here. Okay. Here's the walkie then
Um exterminator you might do you want to be on walkies in the base?
Okay
Let's do it
I did feel I filled out so many tps forms like my arms are tired honestly
From all the appropriate paperwork I filed out to make those purchases
Okay, that's a little ominous that that's growing. I'm a bold flashlight at this player. What's going on?
They're fine
We should if you just don't stare at it it shouldn't kill us
Yeah, someone died
Does anybody have a flashlight
Just don't stare at it for more than four seconds and keep your head kind of swivelled around
I think we have to go maybe over there. Oh, no, we don't
If you just look at him for a sec, he'll kind of back off
He's right here
Where?
He's here like he's just like walking around. I just like want everyone to be aware
Yeah, he
He does that now. We should just find a few things
Should find a few things
Have we found anything yet item wise
I just don't have a flashlight so I can't really go anywhere in here. Do you want do you want?
Yeah, if you give me years, I'll go exploring
Let's solo this bracken
But he's over here by the way
I'll distract him with my incompetence. There's nothing in here. Hello
Gotta be some stuff in here, right? Are you okay?
God
I'm not finding anything
I think I'm going the wrong way
Oh, Jesus
Okay, well, I'm just gonna go
How am I going in circles this intense? Where is everybody you died almost immediately bracken
Okay, I keep going in the same direction a bit annoying their fire exit
my fire exit
Also at what point are we gonna get flooded to death?
Hello friends
Friendship all right, I guess I'll let's go back to the ship
I was fully useless
I also don't know where
fire exit is here
Is there anything over here?
Fire exit nope
Damn run with me friends. All right. It's late enough that I am very likely to die
I'm gonna head back
Yes
Yeah
Uh towards me
Can you make it?
We're going this way there might be uh monsters out there
Okay, we found very little hey you guys made it
You two are only alive remaining. Oh damn
They all got bracken
Well the bracken was an actual thing
It's real they're made or drown
Fancy drown no
Some old old guy yanked by a monster
And there's amy rex was he still out there?
No, he's dead. Okay. Let's get out of here
So good you ran into fiona when you did she was gonna start to drown
What?
I guess you were about to drown fiona
I was literally about to drown. I did not know where I was
Yes, that's what I was trying to learn with the flooded thing
Well flooded I think flooded is the better option other than stormy, which is very risky. Yeah, we didn't have very good options to be fair
And then eclipse is like there's no
Yeah, according to my list, nobody of value was lost. Good job guys. Oh perfect
Guys the moons kind of suck again unless they reset now they should right?
Yeah, that bridge collapses guys. That's the bridge. Yeah, the bridge collapse. That's true. Okay
We have to fuck it up. I died. I'm starting to go go. Yeah
Okay, this planet's normal nice and normal
Okay
bees
Are you serious bees?
Those bees serious. I'm going rogue
Honestly, I'm going rogue. Oh my god sprint. There's a lot of territory. Yeah, there really are
Maybe that means there's less likely to be monsters
Oh, I found the anomaly thing
Apparatus, I mean there's also a jar of pickles
Nice
We should probably grab the apparatus later. It turns off all the lights
Yeah, uh gun right there. I mean we could grab it now
Because it is annoying to go this way
But it will it'll fuck everybody else. I guess let's just try to remember where it is
I mean
Hello
Uh, there's an apparatus over here, but you have to run past the turret
Nice
Yeah, that's why I said turret
I said turret
We can try and find another uh door something
Well, there's the other door the fire is here
Don't talk. Well, there has to be
Um, is that is that going lost over there?
What that's a wall right here
Right next to the fire escape. Is it locked?
Yeah, I'm gonna sprint past that
Two fucking turrets?
There's another door behind the turret
Oh, we're gonna have to go through the turret. There's another turret here
I'm gonna jump for it. Where's the goo? Oh, there's a blob here
Blob by the uh
Oh, there's nothing over here
Seriously
And there's a blob to kill me and you're probably dead. Yep. I mean this is just not great
The turret hates doors. It was really going for that door. All right. That's a jar of pickles. Are you coming for me?
Man
Okay, Jesus
All right, I'm getting the apparatus. I'm getting the fuck out of here
Where's the shovel? I think they were caring
I got a shovel
Okay
Yeah, there's nothing else. Yeah, this place sucks. I mean there is but I don't still know where it is
Well, why don't we grab? I know where the beehive is. Yeah, I have pickles
Somebody else grab that because I'm a little over. I'll be overburdened
Okay, it's over there
Case, can you stare at it? That was when I was not looking
If you sprint, you'll just make it. It's too slow
You gotta hurry though. There's a there's a goo coming
I can't run that fast because I have the apparatus
You'll be fine. You really will
Okay
Can I show you guys where the two beehives are? Yeah, let's try to beehive it
Okay
So there's one
I think it's over here, right? There's one at an entrance but not the main entrance
I do know where one of them is
There's yeah, I see I saw two so I'm gonna try to find
Okay, there's one here
There's a beehive right here
Then there's another one on our way back to the ship
So I'll take this apparatus. All right. Yeah, get away from us because we're likely to die
Okay
So so you just have to attract the bees not towards the ship
I'm dead keep running
I abandoned it if you keep running
Seems like on the new update they won't catch up to you. Oh really?
I'm pretty close to dead
After you
Yeah, I'm red body too. Oh guys, there's a big dog. I think I'm just gonna head back to the ship because I'm gonna die
I
God damn it. I had the joy the pickles
Where the fuck did those bees come from?
Uh
I had the pickles, but it's too late now. I fucking hate beehives. We should just never get beehives
All bees are finally gone
They're gone
Maybe ash will get the pickles
Maybe
Oh, he's still going for the beehive. Oh my god
Stay, let me try to get it the nads on this man
Oh my god, wait, yeah, ash is still on
He almost sold the beehive
Oh, we got the pickles he got the pickles
Who was it?
Oh no
What is happening? I'm leaving
Okay, your body's getting ping-ponged around
We got these one behind
I think another one was on the ship, but we couldn't get out
Jesus what happened? Did you guys get?
There was bees, but there was also a dog
Yeah, there's a blind dog. Yeah
Is that a dog? Where are you cheering you drop?
I don't know. It has a tail and foreleg, so
Did anyone did anyone wait so was there enough hive on the ship or was that just it?
That was just it. I could not yeah. Yeah, that's fair. That's fair
Shit
There's only shitty moons again
Foggy flooded foggy. I guess foggy's fine
No, no foggy. Please dear god. Not foggy. Foggy's better than stormy
I thought it was flooded
I think foggy is the better one out of everyone
Okay
We'll just see how many people get along
I'm
If I could already tell you I'm gonna die first. I've got that on line
I've got the turd lines
If our plumbing skill is high enough, we could unplug planets
Experimentation
Wow, that is foggy. Um, okay, they're not kidding folks
Okay, I don't even stop yet. I can't tell there are only nine objects to be found. Oh my god, that's bad
Are we 400 feet off the ground or
Where the fuck are we?
Boy, we need are you guys dead? We need to do incredibly well here. Okay
150
Yeah, or yeah
Because we have apparatus
Oh, you're right
Now it might be doable. Oh shit. There was a pole. I need to fix this thing so I can see when there are poles
My multi stream chat doesn't let me
Oh, you gotta be kidding me and not me first. Come on someone else
Who what's happening? There's a spider over here and something else
We need like 150 dollars so we need like
Is there a spring head? No, there's a spider
Okay
Who killed the spider? Oh my god
A big bolt? Another one? Okay, nothing else Peter
Okay, I have a lot of items by the way, like I have three here
You want to give me one so you're not as burdened? Okay
Yeah
Do you want one sub?
Spread the wealth for our inevitable deaths
Take good care of it
You didn't kill it
Where are we going? We're um, we're gonna try to find I guess some more stuff
I hear a goo somewhere. There's fucking nothing over here
Yeah, I'm gonna kill the spider and then the spider killed it. Okay, great
Uh, there's also
There's also a head hugger thing
Should we try to go back and put the stuff down or do you should we what do you think exterminator?
We probably should but then we should load one person up with it
I think we need more stuff than this or we're dead
Where are you guys?
Famous last words
Well, not really famous just last words
Those are the worst last words just not even famous
Hey guys
Am I really gonna run back this one bottle?
I guess I am but how much is the word
Nothing
$16. All right, I'll just stay
It's just a shitty bonus. There's gotta be more stuff, right?
I'm getting head grabbed. All right, I will just run this back. I guess fuck it
There
Oh, it is a grunge flesh light
It should be more valuable honestly
For that reason
All right, how much should we have?
$316
Plus
I can never tell how much money we have
I think the answer is probably not enough
I think there were nine
There's five objects outside the ship. I think we do need like at least oh, they got something
Okay, that would get us over the edge if they make it back. I'm gonna go try to help them get back
You see sfc. I can't believe it exists. Wait sfc
There's a real grinch flesh. Of course. Oh my god. Hello
friends
friend
Damn it
I didn't have anything valuable at least
I hear steps around me at least
I'm hearing doors. That's exciting. Okay. We got it. Yeah, we got it
All right, sweet. Yeah, we're fine
They're outside running back and I just ran back to my death for no reason. That sounds about right
I lost my grinch flesh. I'm very sad. I'm almost free of work. There's nothing here. I ran until like some
Blob thing I've never seen
Wasn't a blob blob. It was kind of just like a morpheus
Weird, what the fuck is it like a it's like a christmas lunch
Um, I am still moving so yeah, I guess we'll just go
Oh, it's fine. Is that right here?
I'll never say where
I'm just closed bunker. You guys are going around too
The jerk factory's calling and it's all out of view. Oh, wow. Wow. Believe me. We'll be able to tell anyway when I do
French you could rise up in the french streamer rankings. Yeah, I
Wow guys, good job
Dude, I have 69 viewers right now. It's already burning as she sustained the boat. That's okay
Wow, guys, I think we're gonna fucking make it. I think so
Either just over or just under I think
Yeah, we're going to the company
I
Think we have so much cleaned up fast
We the best
So the walkie-talkie the key. No, I don't think so. Oh, did we sell it?
Yeah, it doesn't give you money I don't sell the walkie-talkie. It's just nothing nothing
All right, are we rich evil bug?
Oh my god, we are
Should we sell more so that we can go to one of the bit better moons?
Yes, well, how much do we have?
Um, we have like another hundred ish. I think we should just sell everything. Yeah, let's
Well, some of the moons are 700
Oh
Skip thanks so much
Usually I am doing news streams share lately. I've been pulled by the siren song
of picking up metal
and then getting eaten by a giant
Lovecraft thing
No
I don't know if anybody was still trying to join or foe sway is still around. Um, let me check. Oh, yeah
I'm holding for next point. I can jump in. Oh shoot. He's still trying to join. All right. Let me let me text us away really quick
That's a funny number with this with this mod do we need to
I think so but
All right, I'll tell Fiona to remake whenever she shows back up
Or maybe I think when you're in space, you can just join like when you're between
No, you can't. Oh, you can't. Do you mind remaking one more time Fiona?
Uh, oh, am I remaking it again? Like once we're in space?
Okay
Or I'm have a little
Oh, shit
He doesn't like bodies anymore
Yeah, he used to be able to sell. Oh, we got a bonus. We're we're there guys
We used to be
Yeah, I think might as well go to titan because we're gonna at least find some good loot there. Do you mind remaking fee?
Um, yeah, okay. I'll remake. All right. I'll see you in a bit. I'll invite everyone. All right
post away
Stand by and don't stand up. You know
You know
Oh john's on i'm gonna invite him to play. Um
Um
joint game
Game invite john to the game
Invite hostway to the game
Okay, malco's here. Amir is here
The company's old news everyone's streaming house flipper 2 now. What the fuck is that a thing?
Yeah, it's uh flip houses going
I can't fix him up
Oh shoot. Why can't you shit?
Hello hostway, you made it incredible. Let's see if john makes that if he's even on
Um, I don't know if john is trying to actually join. Let me
Sub your subs here. Yay. You guys have been doing so good. Uh, like wow, it's been thank you
We just let's just start off the work day with that. Okay. Thank you so much. That's the positivity we need
Exactly. Exactly. Thank you
I'm gonna go in you say we're gonna make 700
Oh, we're gonna make 700 100
So we can go to rend and dine but not tighten
Oh, we can't go to tighten one up. We're we're 15 under
Fuck rend is so hard, but okay fine
I have never been to any of the other
Uh, let me try to invite my friend john again. That's a flash bank. You know john. That's a flash bank
Spamming him with so many invites
700 we're all by 15
We can go back to the company can't we?
No, it was the day
Okay, well whatever
Let's go to rend
Tine is easier to get into
rend is like a lot harder because of the long walk
John loves coffee
It has been since since frenzy's here
Yeah, right. What are we doing guys? Just seeing if john. Oh john's in you made it. Hello. Oh my god
Incredible, okay john a little dance a little dance. Damn. Oh man. I love dancing in space. God. I can't wait
Fuck sounds like somebody had their cup of coffee. Am I right?
We're going to rend is that we decided they told you guys stock options, right?
I heard that somewhere in the company office. There is a copy of me
Oh my god, are you joking? I heard I heard
All right, I also bought three pro flashlights, but I filled out all the forms. Don't worry the benefits
The benefits, let's talk about the benefit
Have you guys noticed that like their their toilet paper is like only like
It's not just one play. It's two play
It's two you're so hard
Should we buy one more flashlight too? I guess let's buy one more flash or a one more walkie-talkie
Just follow the light
I have three flashlights coming if anybody needs one
You you have to stick around for it. They don't care
None of them care at all. I'm gonna store these flashlights
for winter
Because I'm a smart squirrel or however that thing goes
I need to see these I'm poppin open it which
thing so I can see
My own poles
Where the fuck is it?
There it is. Oh shit the walkie-talkie is coming in a separate one. I gotta wait for the other walkie-talkie
Predict with channel points
Case will die
on this planet
Everyone says yeah
I'm voting nah, how about that?
Predict introducing channel point. I've never refused channel points on my channel. I can't predict
I can't predict nothing
Is there not a walkie-talkie coming?
Am I crazy?
I ordered one did it did I leave it out there?
What the hell?
Well, I wasted our money
Or the game screwed me over that sucks
Now I want to die
Because I lost the walkie-talkie
Oh well
Hey
Hey, there's flashlights on the ship if you need one
Oh sweet
That you're supporting me the 500
No wishing for my death is a form of support. I will accept you've made it
To jerky world
Save enough money to buy my wife that engagement break. That's beautiful. Man. Dude. That's beautiful
Hey, hey, wait a minute
Hello
And what happened to the walkie-talk? I'm gonna bother all right. It's time to go real
Enough this time to go bro
Hey here. All right. I don't know if there's anything else down here
Okay, here we are
Do you want to see do you want to see it? I want to see it
You're noisy
Hey, there's a locked door over here. Oh, we have a key on the ship
I have a key. Oh, this is beautiful. I should move in here
What could go wrong
Well, I got a flashbang in my head
You know, you can kill a bracken with a flashbang not every but not everybody knows that
Oh, no, are we about to get mimicked to death? All right. Well, there are eight of us. So maybe they already found everything
Okay, that's a bad sign
Whenever the new creature thing pops up. I'm expecting that someone just died
It's quiet sort of quiet
Oh
What's what are we running from I don't know
What are we running from?
Oh, okay
That's a wrap
I think we're safe because it's not five yet, but those sound dogs will be out soon
No kitchen and bathroom sure
That is one problem with that mansion. What the hell?
I found something
Good job. Wait, is there anything in here? There's lights
I can't see shit. Oh wait
I don't know
Okay, I'm doing one last scan for this fucking walkie-talkie. I can't believe I didn't get the walkie-talkie. I feel like such a failure
I'll never lose this down
That would be a real power move
She's got the red hair back
Okay, you're out there looking for the walkie-talkie. I didn't see any sort of move around. I bought a walkie-talkie. It just didn't come
Should we take off so there's just no point. Um, okay
Wait, is john still alive?
Oh, we all thought you
I'm the one in the orange
Yeah, I guess so
Yeah, the jack in the box is called a jet
These are your dream items john
No, one set thing's done a lot. He chases after you full speed
So we should just keep spamming this planet right because we paid so much for it
I bought behind a mirror or I saw it behind a mirror or exterminator and I was like
Dude, there's something behind you
All right, I'm buying us another walkie-talkie. I can't get screwed this time. Um, let's just let's just stay in and
Ren yeah, I'll just keep landing here. Yes spam that rend
Does anyone want to be the guy in there because I can do that if anyone wants it
Yeah, one person should do walkie-talkie because that will help a lot
Yeah
You just have to find a walkie-talkie man
Someday I gotta make some merge going road merge could be could be some stronger. Oh, no
Yeah
Oh, you're alive
I bought a walkie-talkie. Here's a flash green. Oh wait, wait a license turned off for some reason
Wait, who has a walkie-talkie?
There's one coming in I bought one more so that we'd have to
Unless it's bugged or something crazy because I don't hear it
It just gave us a flashlight
Oh, there it is. Here's the flashlight for whoever wants it
Come in come in I'm a walkie-talkie guy. Yeah, does anybody else want it?
Let me turn on the lights in here
The gesture if when you're in like a mansion like that, there's a gesture
Or I guess it can happen anywhere and that guy once it's done like unwinding it'll like just
Baker Baker, there's a rubber duck. That's the kind of thing you have to unironically say in this game
Hey, I watched the first episode of the u-hacker show live-action. I thought it was pretty solid
I kind of want to watch at least some of the anime before watching the actual live-action that weird
I would watch the anime first
I didn't think it was it didn't quite hit me the way the one-piece one did but I am a bit of a one-piece stand
But I thought it was pretty good
No, I just walked in and then I walked out. Oh my god. It's an imposter
Shovel them
Anything on the map no red right now folks
Hey, John
Do you know where he is like which floor rick kind of does not really show you
John
Or
Oh, that's worth a lot I hear a noise
A fancy, where are you
Apparently you're about to walk into a room with an item
Oh
Anybody have a shovel does anybody have a shovel
Yeah, watch out that thing's around here
Uh
Does Fiona have the shovel does Fiona have the shovel
Fiona yes, yeah, I'm here
We're out in this balcony. I'm gonna die. Which is unfortunate because I have the walkie-talkie. I'm pretty lost
I'm also lost. Well, I'm following you. So yeah, I'm lost
Hey a box
Do you want it John get the fuck out of here? Yeah, I want it. We should spread around the value for when one of us gets murdered
That's a lot
Apparently there's an um, I've grabbed a painting
Yeah, can somebody else grab can somebody else grab the painting because I can't walkie and carry it. Yes
Yeah, I'll follow you. Let's get out of here. Did you say there's one? Oh, there's a key
Oh, shit
Uh-oh, I feel like I'm hearing a monster. Is anything here? I feel like I'm hearing it too
Anybody remember how to get out of here? Oh, no, sir. Uh, yeah, there's a monster. It's the fucking spring guy
Yeah, if you guys just lead me I'll I'll back away
And I'll try to follow you I'll look at him
Okay, I'll just
Unlock this door
Okay, close it on
Uh, no, he opens doors. Oh, oh my god. That's terrifying. Yeah, he keeps moving
All right, you guys can keep backing up
Should I keep looking at him?
Copy that. Uh, you can just back up towards me John towards the end of my voice. I'm looking at the door
He won't kill us for now
As long as we keep eyes on every door
Oh, there's a fire exit this way John
Coming you guys go out first. I'll go at last you guys go at first. I'll go out first. Yeah, I'll get out after you guys
What's that?
You're ready to play. Okay. You have to play while I set it up then
Nicely done. You guys remember I have no idea how to get back from here though
Uh, I see data chip
Do you want to play the next round while I set up your computer?
There's a there's a data chip over here if anybody wants it. All right. I think I might be this way
If you're still on comms in kentok, I I don't really know how to get back to the ship
You guys see an exit that way
See an exit this way
There's gotta be an exit, right?
What's up here?
Maybe there's no exit here
You found it
Come here up this way this way
Chip my flashlight's dead
Hello
Coming
Oh sick, okay
There's dogs out guys just a heads up guys. I'm pretty lost
Um, I think I'm probably dead by your exit. Yeah, my flashlight died unfortunately
I have no idea where I am. I think I found a way up. Oh, that's not a way up
God damn it. Yeah, I think you guys should just take off. I'm totally in the dark
It's possible. I'm walking in a direction now. I just can't tell
I was walking into a wall. I like can't see anything in my flashlight. It's dead
Like I legit have no idea where I am
John's in a ditch. I hope everybody's not dead
Goodbye
Bye everybody. He just lost his health
God damn it
Dude, there was a lot of
Okay, you play it. I'll set up
Not great we did really good
Yeah one more day like
Yeah, we just didn't mean like like 200 or something like that
I don't have like four or five. I think we have like five
We have so much money. We have so much money with this with three paintings. We have six thirty one
We have six
Wow, let's let's do it one more. Let's do one more. Yeah, we have one more on uh red
Is there any items we need?
Do we need another walkie-talkie?
Uh, yes, we did lose one. Yeah, can you get
Oh, we have no credits. We have no credit. Never mind. Never mind. We have to go in raw guys
Let's do it
We have to literally go in raw
I'm so tired of story
I'm just gonna follow somebody. Is that cool?
Oh, it's it's
I'm gonna pick a person. I'm gonna follow
All right, I'm gonna pick Nathan
I'm gonna pick it. He's setting up the laptop so I could I could play you know what I'm saying
Okay, oh, what are you guys doing? Okay, I'm following hustle right now
Nope
Okay, oh my gosh
I didn't I didn't think so. Oh wait, I don't know where to go from here. Cool. Cool. Cool. Cool. Cool
Now what?
Nathan
Nathan
I'm just gonna go forward Nathan
Nathan
Nathan
Oh, look Nathan Nathan Nathan here
I
Okay, just turn just follow my voice
Come here just like use your freaking
Look look at this door. Look at the door. Look at this. Come on
Yeah, look boom. Am I at it? Yeah
Yeah
I'm gonna send you a photo. I'll like look at your phone. Okay, and you're gonna see what I'm playing with here
Dude, just turn your brightness all the way up. You know what I'm saying? Why I'll do that
Turn it out. Do we you want the lamp?
You and I can take the lamp
Should I not take the lamp? Should I keep the lamp for other people?
No, you just have to look at it for a little bit and then it'll run but don't look at it for too long or else it gets aggro
Okay. Yeah, I think it's like four seconds
Okay
Oh, that's enough for a photo right there
Yeah, we did
I'm stuck right here. I got a lamp
Look at the lamp
The lamp does nothing. Oh my god
This lamp literally does nothing
Well, it works for me
Well, I mean, yeah, but
Did it
I was about to ask I couldn't tell
Did it did it?
You did
I don't understand how dark it is for you, dude
You you sent me a photo of your steam
Oh wait, why
Oh
It's not even just dark for me. He just
Guys made that as a f***ing like um
Steam account window over the game. You can't get rid of it
Steps look steps
Look
I don't think so. I don't think so
Wait, I gotta drop off this f***ing
It's just gonna be there
Run just run
Dude, can they can they come with us to the ship?
I
I'm gonna close the door and you don't close the door
We got it. We got it. It's gone. It's gone. Holy s***
I told you it would chase you
That's funny
And I couldn't find
What do you mean what?
Okay, well, let's go to the company now. I think I gotta apologize to my roommates
So funny
Nathan, where are you?
Fix your freaking game, bro
Fix your game, bro
Yeah, well, maybe we could do that when I get it to the game because we all
You know what I mean?
Okay
No, oh case needs to know what mod we're using
The name of the mod
So what
Nice
Yeah, you want to see where are you
I can't look at the side of your screen. Come on. Yeah, I know come on
We can die down here by the way, so be careful. He's gonna f***ing die
Nice
Yeah, this is this is it. It's just like a little that's all that's all it is
Absolutely
A good place
Oh my f***y god
Okay, well, I'll tell I'll tell the rest of them. I'll tell her but anyway, I'm tired because I had my holiday party last night
I was out till like two
I'm so dehydrated
Nathan fancy is dead. He jumped off the bridge. It's not my fault. Yeah, I heard I heard that splash
It's not my fault. I just want everyone to know that
You're welcome
Your work keeps the company happy
Wait, I what the f***
What is that it?
I think so
So where I got it wasn't my fault guys
Let's see how much we have I kind of wish I had Nathan's body, you know what I'm saying
Hold on get away from that. They might I that that was that was pressed the button was pressed
We gotta touch it
Do people hook up at the office? No, but we're all waiting for it
Apparently last year at the holiday party like two people who definitely have like one of them had a partner
They were like sitting on each other's laps and then apparently they like went home together
So everyone that was apparently the talk of last year's holiday party was like what the f*** are all these people doing
You know what I mean?
It was kind of insane. Like isn't that just an insane
I don't know why I like having my f***ing look right here. You know train
is that just like
It's so juicy, right and everyone was hoping something like that would happen
this year, but
Nothing nothing that I know of at least you know saying
Although you don't know I'm talking about when you go through the teleporter. I thought you lose all the items you're carrying
Oh, yeah, but it's cool. It's cool to bring dead bodies back. So you don't spend a lot of money
Or just not that okay. Well, can I instead of instead of saying walkie-talkies? Can I get a signal translator?
Does that oh that works so that everyone can hear and yeah, exactly well not here
But they but you get a message is everyone gets a message
Okay, yeah
Wait, well like text-to-speech like what how does that work? No, it's like a it's like a message everyone will get a message being like
Go left or like stop. Oh
Yeah, okay. Cool. Watch this clipboard. I like it. It's it's the I haven't experienced the uh the high
level gameplay of this
It's
I bought a signal transmitter. It can be activated with the transmit command followed by any message under 10 letters
Everyone will get it everyone will get it
What about walkie-talkie, how do you mute? We don't need we don't need walkie-talkies now. No in game
Uh, yeah, we were we're missing one. We just needed to no
So we have do we want to go back down or do we want to do tight? Let's do tight. Okay. If it when it clips
Um, yeah, let's thank you
Let's probably get some flashlights. What do you think?
Um, well be careful because we might not have enough to go to tight because I think tight is 900
That was 700
700
It was case trying to put some stuff on tiktok
Who's who's here
I'm down to I'm down to be here if uh
If muggle right you were doing you want do you want a break or not?
I'm free now. I can do whatever
Oh, he's dead. That's right. It's dead
Okay, so everyone's here except
All right, so about the pro flashlights should land here and then we can go to the tight
Oh
Let's see how much we have and if we need the walking or not, we have 800
Or yeah, we need to be careful because we need 700 40 off right now. There are only seven credits
Um, you want me to only can get one though because we need 700 credits to get to
Oh, I see I see I see. Hey guys
Case is wondering if uh the next time we're in space we could add me in the game
Uh, malco has one. It's about to be seen. Oh, malco has one. Okay. Yeah, we just we're missing. I'll put it in a closet. Um
We still have
889 credits right now
So we have one hundred eighty nine could get one more walking as a backup
I don't I'm just gonna cry
They're too busy playing the game. I don't want to use my outdoor voice. Okay
Hey, what's up?
Okay, cool. How's it going?
Not this.
He's running away a beer please now. Who's here? Who's here? Who's here?
Cool
Was christian in chat. I totally missed his freaking message. Oh, yeah christians in chat. Let's go
Uh
Guys, I have two blisters on my feet from my new shoes
I bought those shoes yesterday
On my launch break
Oh, you have two different chats going I didn't even realize
Okay, um
Yeah, but I look cute
Yeah, the only normal planet is bow
That's your fault. You're cool. Yeah, I'm okay. Um
Yeah, because no, I'm not if we're doing normal planets
If we're doing normal planets that I'm gonna. I don't think I'll mute at all
Then we only should do normal planet for this round. Do you know how to mute in game? You know what I mean?
Yeah, turn on push to dog. Oh, so it is the setting like
I wonder if it's already on. Is there a push to mute you think? What's dying? What's dying?
Maybe there's a mod for it, but it's not a dinosaur 600 to go to
I've never been to dying. Let's die. It's flooded
I know but all of them are bad except if we're gonna pay for a planet. I want all three days
I don't want to just do two days at one time
Uh, wait, but like why why can't we like we have to pay each time
Well, so like yes, if we pay now if we pay now we can have full three days at a planet
Like and keep landing there
Or if we go for a normal planet now, then we'll only have two days at that planet
Because they're off because they're all flooded or whatever
Yeah, there's a there's a mod called push to mute
Oh, there is a mod called push to mute
Who said that? Who said that?
You said that?
Okay, well, I'm gonna go
I think case needs just to talk to everyone, you know what I'm saying
Case not install mod manager, I don't fucking know. I don't know anything. I don't know anything that case does
I almost stand over here. So I can talk ready
Um, this is my Mickey Mouse impression
Nothing
Nothing
And this is me
I don't know anymore. I need to hear it. Does the ship want to hear my Mickey Mouse impression?
Actually now we don't have enough money to tell them
The dead bodies costed us so much money. We don't have enough to go to
We just got 100. What do you mean? How much did a dead body cost? No, the dead bodies were like 300 dollars
We have 600 now so we can't go to Titan
Damn
You hear that you hear that
Case would like to add me in game when we're in space
She said, okay, I'm scared to talk guys. I'm fucking scared. Okay
Are you scared?
Yeah
What no you sit here and I go over there
Okay, bye guys
Nothing can stop us now. I don't know how
The main attraction
Was ever
Times are here to stay
Nope, I don't know how to do Minnie Mouse
That's her Mickey Mouse impression
Okay, actually, I think my time is up. So my friend is hopping online now. Okay
Okay
It's been fun. Oops. I invited you to watch him into the video game. What happened to John?
I think he likes this connected in the middle of the last John had to go John had to bounce
Uh John was fun. See you later John
Bye John
I
Gotta go into smooth talk
Because Kettle and I are playing in the same room
You also have to make sure you're plugged in or the whole computer will turn off
Have you guys heard how they uh, how they whisper in
Baldur's Gate 3
My friends are playing right now and like every time they get to stealth they're like they're like
They're coming by
Is christian down christian do you want to play the christian cream himself i'm gonna invite him
Oh man get christian out here
There she is ladies and gentlemen
Lady
I can't hear you
Is it on is the receiver
Sir everything is we it's
Looking great
If we should go to dine or rent
Yeah, we get everything
What list is this it's gonna die
Why did we have this list?
Is everyone here on the same shelf
Okay, no, let's understand that we have shorter people. We have you know many different
Diversity
Okay, fine, that's an easy I can't that's an easy fix
I can't obviously the mad controls are locked. I can't move it from there
From there to there
Yeah, we don't serve that here
We can hear you know
Okay, I mean, yeah, what's up with the pump?
Okay now
Months ago
Okay, is everyone here I think we're all here
Yo, okay, can we okay? Hang on we have to decide right now. Has anyone go has anyone gone to dine
Sorry, where's anyone gone to dine? I haven't gone to dine
No, okay
Uh, should actually try dine or rent probably right dine. Okay
Let's do dine
Christian give me your mickey mouse impression
That's my favorite
Okay, we're gonna start
By the way guys, there is a signal transmitter. Do you guys know about this?
Okay, how do you use it? I I would signal trans so signal transmitter is you go in the terminal
You write transmit and then you write the message
Um, and then it sends your signal send us
Aware
Oh, okay, so then they would whoa my immersion is so real
This is this is for anyone who needs help like who gets lost or get out. Yeah
And and this is for whoever stick someone has to stay in here and like
It's nice and slow
Yeah, it's good
I know someone said it as a joke, but that was dope and worse. I feel very
Yeah, it does feel good because it's like it helps. What is it? What's the message again? All right
Transmit and then whatever you're gonna
What do you type again to transmit something
Transmit say transmit
Oh
All right, I'm going rogue this is my intention is that I'm always going rogue
Gamer words powerful gamer words
Oh, are you right behind me? There you are. I can't go go rogue anymore
I have a family now
Is machine gun painting already nice
Already a painting my life a movie. I lost Kendall. I lost Kendall
Whoopee cushion
All right
Straight ahead
What is needed now is the rogues
Um, we got a signal signal transmitter
So now we can transmit our full signals
Nothing is in this place
I really wish there were items
Damn
There's nothing
Oh, there's a head guy
There's a head worm somewhere around here. Oh
That's new
Did you see it? No, there's just an open vent
Well, somebody's finding something at least
I don't know
I've been finding like
Found just like a mug
Did you choose ren or dine dine
Yeah, it just has the same like this is called a mansion
Yeah, all the mansions are kind of the same unless it's the reasonable mansion, you know what I mean
I think you can use it to help get him
It's so someone on the ship can like communicate
18
18 objects still available
I thought it said 18
I thought it said food
Left
Hello
I found a lot of stuff
You did?
Kind of
Where?
I'm kind of full on stuff right now
Which floor are you on?
Second
There may be a fire
I think I'm still in front
I didn't even see a fire
Oh
I'm a little lost now
Hold on
Where did I come from?
Over here
I'm falling
There's a bunch of mines here
You do it through like the kitchen
There's also a turret
Yeah, come over here
There's like a thing over here and shit
Hello?
Hello?
Yeah, look at that
There's a little girl
We're haunted
Oh, be careful of the little girl
Wait, did you see her?
I'm getting out of here
It's me
I'm fucking haunted folks
I'm fucking haunted
Unfortunately, it can follow me outside
It could show you how the ghost does things
Candle just got frightened
It'll be on your right hand side
Do you see anybody?
Oh, okay
Okay, you scared the shit out of me
Jesus Christ
Sorry, what's that?
I'm haunted, by the way
Say again
Suborbital is frozen
Yeah, Ash, come on over
I think that place is clear out
How much money do we...
Wow, we're at 9.36?
God damn
Okay, well, we have a chance
Three days?
Okay, we have a good chance
Shit
Oh, she's coming to kill me
You should be carrying a walkie at all times
I'm probably gonna die
I'm being haunted
Oh, okay
Ash is being haunted
You okay, Ash?
Wait, that's the dog
We gotta go, we gotta go
There's the dog right there
I dropped the flashlight
No, no, no
He looked off the box
Oh, he got in!
Let's go!
You could keep the climb on the roof
And they can't get you
And then once it starts to move
You get to a certain height
I kind of wanted to die to the dog
I should have died to the little girl because it's new
What happened to Case?
He kept saying haunted
I'm haunted
There's a little girl that chases you around
All the way back to the ship
If you...
That round
I got double teamed by the dog and the little girl
We had a lot of money though
That was a good run
Let's land back in there
Do you guys like that save of that turret?
It is flooded
Are you two with her?
Dine is flooded
Dine is flooded
Okay
I think we just have to do it anyway
Yeah, we have to do it anyways
Rend and kite in our climb
Well, we can't go to Rend
We have to just go to Dine
Okay, alright
Yeah, we have to keep landing
Yeah, you guys didn't see the little girl
Am I losing my mind?
My chat is acting like it couldn't see anything
Somebody like drowned already
Who drowned?
I don't know but
Oh
Did you die?
Holy shit, that drains your stamina so fast
I don't know what to do
We have to go around
Is there a way around?
My stamina is not recharging
This isn't possible
Dude, I don't know what the fuck to do
Yes?
How far are you?
I'm probably behind you
Right here
There's a spider
Right in here?
Yes
There's a mine right here
We can't get the spider through the mine
There's a Vanessa
I can try to Vanessa
It's stuck in its own web
It's stuck in its own web
I'll screw him then
Find some shovels
Can I have the toy cube?
What the fuck was that?
You gotta leave Kendall
Just drop it out here
Those things will kill you once they're aggroed
I know
I just wanted the toy cube
It's worth money
He's a little pissed now
I fuck his toy cube
Run
Get
Out
I guess this is all we're getting
He's out here
We'll remember how to get over this
I can't just go straight through
Kendall
I thought that's what we did
Did you go around this way?
I think we went all the way around on the right
For the left, I mean
Yeah, there's water everywhere
I think on the very edge of the map
Maybe here
That's not it
Fair enough
I don't know where to go
Dude, flooded sucks
That's all flooded
I think it might have flooded more
We might be fucked
Me?
Shit, what did you guys do?
You can just walk across?
I'm on the roof
I might have goofed
I might have goofed it
Oop, that's death
God damn it
Well, I had one of our only items, unfortunately
Dude, flooded was bad
Flooded was bad, dude
But I did find out you can get on the roof
We made it
Flooded actually sucks
Holy crap
I tried to get in and I couldn't even get in
We got a $27 brush
Dude, we got it once
Yeah
I didn't get it
We need that teleporter
Just to bring back bodies
We do, we literally do
I'm starting to see this
Yeah, that teleporter's gonna be a must
Are we leaving?
I should not have gone on the roof
The roof is a mistake
Yeah, we can get back in
We're clear skies
I don't know how I was able to get you to cross that
That's wild
Bro, I could not see any
Because I didn't even have a flashlight
Even though the flashlight didn't penetrate that far
As soon as you heard Ash say he made it
That was insane
Even on the radio
I even on the radio
I heard him go
Dude
That was brutal
That was my god
I mean we survived
Hey, it's fine this time we can just land
Yeah, is it good now?
Yeah, it should be good now
Yeah, it looks good
Sick, let's land
Let's fucking do it again
I'm getting water out of my lungs
Yeah, this is our last
Um, this is our last
We heard pop out the water
We have to fucking grind here
Charge your stuff
Yeah, I'm on flashlight list
Did you charge your stuff?
Kendall, you still have a flashlight?
Got nothing
Alright, I'm sticking with somebody with a flashlight
No going rogue for me
I went rogue all the way off the roof
Eyes on
I think that means
There's a bracket I think
Eyes on Fiona
Where am I, what happened
I don't know
Where are you playing
Cat register, oh my god
Get it out of here
Get it out of here, let's keep going
I'll protect you
I'll stick with exterminator
I'll just put bottles up in front
I'll carry that
I hear a box
We gotta be careful
No, that's me
That's the teeth
Everyone's gonna return to ship
This seems extended
Watch out
Mine and turret
Did you get the present?
I'm trying to
Is there a turret to the right?
Yeah, but it's also blocked
But it's blocked
She turned off the turret
Is there a flashlight?
Is there a flashlight?
I have a flashlight
Does anyone have a flashlight around me?
I do
Can we pull that up so I can see?
I don't know where you are
Wait, there's a thing right here
I don't know where to go
Oh, a door
Holy shit, there's a lot of mines in here
Okay, if I just pick up the mask, do I die?
I can pick it up, right? I just can't look at it
Don't pick it up
Do you know? Yes, pick it up
Okay
I'm immediately turning this one
Hello?
Oh fuck, I am so dead
Hello?
I'm trying to get out
What's the way out?
I have a lot of shit, so it'd be good to leave if we can
Oh, we're so dead
Uh-oh
It's over, folks
Bye, everybody
Should we get out of the...
Out of the fire this game?
They're so fucked
That's one dead
They're all dying one by one
I think it's it for us
The box does not stop until everybody found it
Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit
Oh, alive
There's the jack in the ball
Oh fuck
The experimenter is dead
They're all dead
The experimenter is dead
I see the dog coming and I'm like
Expect a ride and everybody's like
What? I'm sitting on the phone like
I might be
I might be meta gaming, but I have
A mod that shows me how much is in this ship
Uh-huh, how dare you
How much?
How much you...
I'm looking at...
Is this our last day?
This is our last day, yeah
We're dead if they don't go back and try to get more
But they'll die if they go back in, so we're just fucked
I know we had so much stuff
We're 78
Yeah, but isn't our quota like a thousand?
We have one day left
Oh, we do have a day left
I got like 600 actually
Should I go?
I'm going, I'm going
Do you have a radio?
No, you don't have a radio
Wait, Christian's gonna die as soon as he goes in
What? Who are we trying to go?
I started the ship
We're back, we're back, I started the ship
I know I'm here, I'm here, I'm just looking
What was that?
Damn
That's rough
That's rough
That's, oh man
Well
That's crazy
Oh my god
I think the way to make it to a really late quota
Would be to get
So much money in the first level
That we can go to the good moons
On like the second quota
Yeah
I'm sorry guys
You could have gone back out there
We did
I don't want to go
I don't want to hear
I was fucking giving you
Okay
When the dogs started coming, you said run
And I'm sitting there like, ooh
I could have made it out
Everybody with items had made it out
I think we had a lot
We had chased for so long
And I was like, I don't even know what that is
And they let it
All of y'all
And I was like
Wait
Don't
Please
Let me sell this
We didn't like sell everything situation isn't it
Yeah
Oh yeah, we're dead, we're dead
Even this cup
Even John's cup
We're dead
Oops, I hit the button
Hit twice
That's 800 bucks
It is
That's 800 dollars
All right, let's sell the rest
Wait
I want to see that
We're gonna survive
You have to hold it
That's $30
Wait
No charge, charge
Charge the
You can't get back
If you charge the hair
If you charge the hair dryer, it costs more
Oh
We put the hair brush
Too late
Let's see how much it costs
No, hang on
It's coming
I think we got it, guys
It's coming
There's also a brush
Worst comes to worst
I'm gonna put it
Oh yeah, we got it
We got it
We made it
We made it
Oh my god, we made it
So which planet are we doing?
I have a mod that shows how much it's in the ship
It's accurate
Wow
Titan is foggy, should we go there anyway?
Because it's so much easier
Titan's foggy, but should we go there anyway?
Yeah, Titan's good
Could I reset
Because I want to add someone?
Yeah
We should go to space first
Oh yeah, let's go to space first
For the company
Yael, is Yael ready to play?
Yael
I thought we were so good
The game
Fiona, I'm gonna add you on Steam
Just so I can jump in quicker
Yeah, yeah
Wow guys
We're on one today
I'm gonna take this chance to put up my green screen
I'm putting the green screen up
Prepare to enter the dark void
What's that?
Yeah, I will
Okay
Okay
I guess all we have is just
I'm back
I'm thinking I'm back
We don't have any defense
We need to defend ourselves
Oh Jesus
Yael?
Wait, Ress and you couldn't join?
Let me turn off your stream because this sound is horrible right now
Yeah, I bet it does
Oh, yeah
Alright, fuck yeah
Oh, right
Sorry, sir
I thought you could just join me
Oh lord, what is this doing?
You'll see
You'll see
Okay
Got you
Alright, yes, big moves
This is some big moves
Okay, look at that, you nice
24-hour lethal company stream
Is that here?
Yeah
Let's go to Titan
Titan is currently eclipsed
Yael?
Some hurdle
I'm over here
What are you doing?
We just need one of the paid moons, I think
Well, I will say
It's gonna be hard to hit the quota now
It's gonna be really hard to hit the quota now
It's gonna be really hard to hit the quota now
If we go to old regular
Yeah, we gotta go to the paid moons
We have to now go to like the paid ones
We can whisper
Okay, does that also include
a offense in March, or is it just
You want the last three
I think rent
So then rent
will cost us
$500
We have $10.56
Are we sending it?
Alright, let's thank you
Let's get it
Your favorite
I'll just run out of mic range
if I have to, Travis
What are you doing?
I can always hit this button
The sound of sweet silence
You send me a picture
That's why we're whispers
We're talking this low
We wouldn't want to hear
whispers anymore
What?
What are you saying?
What?
Nothing
Okay, I'm gonna start
We have nothing
Why did you put the
fucking light switch in there?
Listen, it's just a little
I bought four pro flashlights
Dude, fucking
That's me
with an entire
xml file
I'm gonna hang out with you
Alright
Alright, let's go
Alright
You can't see this?
No fucking way
Are you serious?
I just sent the picture to Kendall
I didn't
Tending
So good
Come on, Kendall, let's go
Four flashlights, that's all you got
Who needs a flashlight?
Who needs a flashlight?
Kendall, you want a flashlight?
No
I'm gonna put them on the ship
There's flashlights on the ship
If anybody's on walkie, you can tell them
that there's flashlights on the ship
Does anyone else have walkies?
Oh, no, we probably need to buy a second one
Okay, yeah, I think we're down one
So, that one's new
Are you buying one, Hostway?
I can buy one here right now, yeah
Yeah, buy one and then I'll run it
to the base and see if it doesn't get in
for us
It might not
Oh, yeah
Do you want me to bring them?
Because right now they're on the ship
Check, check
Come in, come in
Do we still have the transmitter, Hostway?
Oh, nothing, nothing, I just was curious
Hello?
Threat
What new creature was just
Wait, do we check the
what if there's another door?
Wait, there wouldn't be a line
Oh, Jesus
Oh, there's a lot of
left
Locking the flashlight
That's a seven bolt
Where are you guys?
That's a lot of giggling
I don't like this sound
I don't like giggling
There also was
new creature sent to the terminal
so
Nothing might be out here
You talking where I am, Hostway?
Oh, those things will kill you
Hello?
Get me out of here
We're here, we're here
Get me out, get me out
Is it chasing you guys?
God, motherfucker
Stupid nutcracker
Is it even worth going back in?
There's so much stuff
It's a nutcracker
It's a nutcracker
They're like, they kill things
basically instantly
What's the mask for a dude?
Everybody else got one shot
No
Oh, he probably shot me
Oh, I did see
Whoa, how did you get up there?
I don't know what that was
He was shot getting people
He was shot getting people in the face
Oh my God
We got 223
We have three days
Take off, take off, take off
Take off, take off, take off
You gotta take off back there
We need to have a chat
We need to have a talk
We need to have a talk
Okay, I've been crunching
I think
Guys, the mask
Oh, hey, I'm here
So if you die and you have the mask
in your inventory, you still turn into
Oh
So
So yeah, that's why the body
is gonna come back
Okay, I saw a dead body
move around
I had the walkie-talkie
and I got killed
The walkies aren't useful anymore
Oh my God, it took so much of our fucking
Okay, whatever
Yeah, because a bunch of people died
Dude, we need that teleporter
We need that teleporter so bad
We need that teleporter so bad
Why did we not buy that?
That's a great question
Oh my God
Now we know
Let's just keep landing here, guys
You know what was very
very unfortunate
was that
I just typed out to y'all
Hey, low threat
Right? Because I was just like
Oh yeah, there's no monsters around
And as soon as I sent
They
ran into
the
Yeah, I think there's just always
a threat, I guess
They ran into the nutcracker
The nutcracker was brutal
That was scary though
Oh God, is that the plug-in?
I'm here, I'm here, I'm here
I'm running down
I've got my lucky seven ball in my hand
We're about to be gaming, guys
Lucky seven ball, dude
Gaming and gaming
Gaming and gaming
Video gaming
Wait, are we about to be trapped
in the closet, guys?
Yes, that's these
Yeah
Is there no doors here?
There's nothing behind this closed door
Okay
Okay, nothing there either
Usually there's a lot of light
Is no one going to get that for a few more?
You can't grab
It's on the bill
Wait, stop
Okay, wait, now I'm in the dark
I'm lost again
We are, it's only taking 20 of us
But we are doing pretty well
For us
And I do blame Avilee
for killing us at all times
Alright, this is good
Yeah
Okay
Maybe it's bright enough that I can still find my way out of here
Pick it up, pick it up
Pick it up
Are you serious?
How much
These things go off
Pick it up, you fucker
This way, this is a little chaotic
I'm going to level with you guys
I hate this fire escape
How do you get the fuck out of here?
Seriously?
He's dead
Damn it, I had stuff
Dude, I hate Stormy so much
I'd rather get killed by a monster
It sounded like a
Yeah, it sounded like kind of a box
I saw it in a corner
and we saw that someone was next to it
but I don't think they were aware what it was
So we were like frantically trying to find
who that was
but I think you guys just saw it and just like
We ran, we fucking ran
It was so funny
It was someone who said
I'm dead and I'm like
Yeah, it was fancy
I can't find my way out
Or that could get passed
I'm dead or left
Wow, we do not have enough
Well, we don't know that
Maybe this round is the fucking killer round
You know, let's just slam
This is chill, there's nothing going on
So it's, let's do
Been in this game for years
They mean it
We gotta get her
Kendall, do you want to give it a go?
Oh
When you're
I'm just good, I'm staying here now
I'm moving in
Yeah, I'm not having flashlights
Alright, Axe, Axe, come here
Yeah, where are you at?
I'm here, I'm at the bottom of the stairs
Come here, come here, come here
We gotta stay together, because I'm alone
I'm scared
Can somebody pick up the mask off the table?
I did, I brought, I took two of them
Okay, I wasn't sure
Maybe we should dump those outside in case somebody dies
Is somebody carrying a mask right now?
It's like the Winchester mansion
Yes
Now we have no lights
I'm following you as a mistake
Oh, wait, wait, hold up, hold up
I gotta get her out
Guys, I have two masks in my inventory
Fi, go put them outside
I'm gonna drop this off
Yo, you found a large door, son
I guess you're right
Fi, go put the masks outside
Okay, but can someone bring me outside?
I don't know where you are
Oh, okay, come with me
Oh, what's this?
Yo, Fiona's got a lamp
I got a lamp
Yo, my dog
Shit, run, run
What even is that?
Okay
What was that?
Was that just one of the dogs?
What was that?
I think it's one of the dogs, in which case
I mean, we have to go back in and we're dead anyway
Oh, yeah
Run, case
Did Fiona get killed again?
Things about this game
Very slowly learning things about this game
All right, we gotta go
Come on
Let's get this on the ship, Ali
Did he crash again?
I know it was abended when Mark turned over
Okay
All right, the locations are so different
Oh, okay
All right
What did y'all see?
Did you guys see that painting to victory?
Okay
Okay, we got it
I think we're dead
You gotta go
You gotta go now
You gotta go
Oh, my God
Oh, Jesus
Oh, God
Can we leave?
Can we fucking leave?
Oh, my God
In that situation, she's gotta start this shit
Did I just watch Fig in her face
eating off?
Yeah, he does
Jesus Christ
That was absolutely
I, bro
I was like, what did y'all see?
No one responded to me and I was like
Oh, okay, cool
Sorry, I was traumatized
My apologies
No one had a single thing
Dude, I was like the zombie is coming
Yeah
I ran
To my point
I'm sorry
You can lose
Oh, my God
We definitely did not make enough
We only have 960
Oh, fuck
It's been a good run
How much do we need?
We need like 1200
This might be the best we've done
It really is
You broke my game, I mean
Oh, if you don't know, did you want to show Yael?
When you asked me to invite her
Oh yes, we have to show the aisle.
What are we, the aisle?
Hi.
Oops.
Where are we?
Alright, I'm following you.
Seeing what people are is so weird here.
Damn.
I can see through it, but everything is so dark.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I don't want to ask to remake it.
Stop that.
Okay.
I'm here.
Playing Handicap, that's fun.
Learning how to work the terminal.
I'm going to change my mind to Stevie Wonder.
Change my name to Stevie Wonder.
Is that everything?
I like cases rearrangement here.
This is what we deserve.
This is rearrangement.
Wait, where did nature go?
I'm right here.
Oh, I see you.
Bye everybody.
This is supposed to leave them behind.
I got like a company.
Who killed him?
They just left.
You're a fun story.
You can't jump off the edge like that.
Why did you guys leave me to die?
Who died?
Oh, because we didn't make quota.
Who would do so?
No, no, that happened.
No.
Welcome to our disciplinary lessons.
Sophie, you took me to that place.
Oh my gosh.
I feel fine though.
That's what I wanted.
I'm alive.
I swear I'm alive.
I wonder if they're going to make another one.
All right, I'm dead.
It's phenomenal.
Oh, wait, we just restart.
It was pretty good though.
Where are you?
I need to talk to you.
You took me to this place.
First day on the job.
You took me to this place.
I jumped in the water and I died.
And I slept with you.
Okay, you're blaming me.
I don't know who said you could jump into the water.
But normally, jumping out of the water
is a fine thing to do.
No, not this game.
And when it's like a game,
what told you that's okay?
Well, I trusted you to tell me
if it wasn't okay.
I'm just trying to show you something.
I'm just trying to show you something.
I'm just trying to show you something.
You could have said, hey, don't jump in the water.
I just didn't think you were going to do that.
Hey, Yael, don't.
Come into us, son.
All right, if we just crush these first planets.
Thanks for being a good person.
I'm telling me not to do this game.
To the company.
Don't do it, Yael.
Don't do it. You have so much to live for, son.
You going to die?
That's fair. That is fair.
You have any mind left to lose?
Absolutely.
To the company.
To the company.
Seven years.
That's a lot of time.
To the company.
Time is relative.
Well, that's what I mean by it's an illusion.
We're going down again?
Oh, we're going down.
I can't see it.
Why can't I see shit?
We don't have lights.
I know.
It would be nice.
Don't worry.
I'm back here.
I need you.
I need you.
We're here.
There's a goo.
Oh, they're dead.
Oh, sick.
Oh, my God, a present sick.
I'm going to run these back to the ship.
If I can.
It's a slime.
It's a slime.
I can't get me like this.
I'm pretty sure.
I heard a scary noise.
There's a slime where if you can hear my voice, I'm at it.
I'm sorry.
Wasn't this the way out?
Am I crazy?
You want to go inside?
I would love to leave.
With all of my goodies.
But I somehow got lost.
Somehow.
Hey, who can hear me? Does anybody know the way out of here?
Wasn't this the way out?
Didn't I come down some steps?
I guess I did.
Oh, okay.
Hello.
Does anybody know the way out?
Follow me down to my boat.
Hello?
Hello?
Yeah?
Yeah?
I think I am.
There's a slime I can't.
Hello?
Fucking genre pickles, really?
I have so much money.
I need to escape.
Anybody?
We're going to get out of here.
Do you know a way out?
There's a blob.
I came in somehow this way.
It must have been...
Yeah, where is it?
Hello? I'm alive.
Does anybody know the way out?
Maybe this is how I came in.
Keep pulling it.
I'm trying to.
Oh, that must be the way out.
Pull it.
Should we go downstairs or should we follow you?
Should we follow you?
It's going towards you guys.
It's just right...
It's right where we need to exit.
Yeah, I'm pulling it again.
It's on me.
They'll pull it.
Christian, I'll tell you if this is actually the way out.
There's a fire escape that way.
Oh, there is? Perfect.
Dude, there was not...
Is the exit?
Is it this way?
It's so dark. I don't know if I'm going to die if I jump off.
This has to be the exit.
Yeah, there it is. Fuckin' A.
Hey, the exit is this way, guys.
Friendship? Hello?
Hello? Up here?
Alright, let's do it.
There might be a monster out by the way.
It's a flashlight skin.
Hey, mods can do a lot of things.
I thought I was hearing Kendall the whole time,
but it was just your mic.
Oh yeah, you can hear Kendall through my mic, sorry.
But it's okay.
I'll distract the bees.
I'll distract the bees.
Oh my God, I have so much stuff to do.
Just don't kill me yet.
I don't know how to do it.
I'm going. I'm running. Here I go.
I'm running.
Gotta drop this ship before they kill me.
Get out the way.
Just don't go straight to the ship.
Is that it?
Let me know when we launch. I can grab the bees once we launch.
We can launch whenever people are ready.
The bees have gotten...
I got it. I got the beehive.
I got the beehive already.
Should I launch?
Let's check where Kendall is on the...
She's dead. She's dead.
She's the still one.
Another player.
I think we should take her off, guys.
Yeah, let me know when you pull it.
Alright, I'm going to pull it now.
One, two, three, starting.
Damn, that's a strong start.
Holy shit.
424 to start off.
Where's the Kendall stream?
She's not streaming, unfortunately, but she is right over there.
We couldn't pick up your body.
Oh, that's crazy.
What's up, guys?
Okay, guys, I'm...
Jerks? Oh, you again?
GG.
I'm heading out. I love you all so much.
I'll see you later.
You were hosting, right?
I think if we want to keep playing, we'll have to start a new game.
Or we can actually all start.
Yeah, we'll start.
That'd be good for me.
Alright, I guess I'll host.
MaxPlayer is 16.
Yeah, that's fine.
I'll just start inviting people.
What's that?
Yeah, of course.
Welcome to your first day on the job.
Wait, am I not friends with Ash?
This is your very own pilot ship, ladies.
Uh, yeah.
I'll...
You can join me.
Okay.
Make yourself at home.
To complete the onboarding process,
you will want to check the instruction manual
and sign into your ship's computer terms.
We trust you will be a great asset to the company.
Great asset.
Great, great, great asset.
Yes!
Alright.
I would like...
Woo-hoo!
There's so many mods.
But I would love to get to...
I can't tell, but I have a different color too long.
I can't tell.
I can finally wear my Luigi suit.
Ooh, a Minion suit.
Hey!
Case has the mod too!
I do, I do.
Christian and I can see each other and we look cool as hell.
Why don't you give me the mod?
You can get the mod.
You want to quit and download the mod?
Yeah, it's an easy...
It's extremely quick.
You just have to look up more suits.
You can just hop right back in.
You want me to do it and you play over here?
I'll download it for you.
Kendall looks so pissed at me.
Why?
Legal company rap? Absolutely, I'll do that.
Fiona!
Hello, Fiona friends.
You've been trapped.
Woo-hoo, Fiona friends!
Woo-hoo!
Thanks for the fun times, Fiona and Friends.
Yeah, thanks, V.
I can see...
I'm gonna...
I'm gonna take a cell phone.
A five experimentation or a vow?
I think experimentation is the easiest.
We may as well do that.
And we should get four flashlights.
It makes the dream work.
Okay.
So, four flashlights, great.
We are currently at experimentation.
Flashlights are 15 bucks.
We can definitely get four.
That'll be all of our funds.
What do we need four?
Yeah, you want as many people as you can.
You know better than I do.
Still going?
Yeah, I'm afraid we're addicted.
I keep saying we're gonna get sick of it.
And then I play for six more hours.
Oh, I love that.
We can hear your audio shit too.
It's still...
You guys wanna play a game of Find the Light Switch?
Okay, so...
Stop!
Okay, so we're gonna...
We're gonna have a talk about your setup.
Oh, I'll tell you what my setup is.
Is everybody in who wants to be in?
Or are we waiting on anybody?
Hello?
I'm just gonna land us.
I think this is it.
This is it.
Okay.
Boom.
How many of us are there? Okay, so we still got a pretty big crew.
We're still rocking some numbers, folks.
Folks!
If I'm too loud, I can hear myself through this.
Let's go out there, you know.
Where's the flight?
Oh, you know.
The setup is not sexual?
I sure about that.
I see bees. Those will be our undoing later.
Oh, flashlights.
Flashlights, yum!
Yes, I'm not ladder.
Dude, we had such a good start last round.
I'm just glad that I can see, like,
no more holes or jack-in-the-box in the doorways.
Like, I'm goaded.
I'm straight goaded.
There's, but there are no more holes.
I guess that's how I pay for the coffee.
Ooh, there's a neckbreaker guy
somewhere in here.
I don't know what that means.
There's a guy who, uh,
sneaks through the shadows
and breaks your neck.
And if you look at him for like two seconds,
he backs off, but if you look at him for more than four,
he breaks your neck.
So the game you have to play with him is to spot him,
but not stare at him.
It's a fun little game.
Sounds like I'm going to lose that game.
Did we go this way yet?
We have not, though.
Okay, somebody got an air horn.
Oh, fuck.
I knew it was you. I knew it was you.
Oh, my God.
The worst person to get the air horn has gotten the air horn.
You mean the main person that needs the air horn?
That's true. You're right.
What's that?
What's that?
Yes.
Yeah.
I am, I'm kind of stuck between
a monster and a quarter.
I can't get out.
Where are you?
Oh, shit.
No, no.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh, he's getting
He's getting harassed
by that neckbreaker thing.
I'm getting out, I'm getting out.
I'm getting out, I'm getting out.
Okay.
Uh-oh.
Here are more monsters.
Oh, does anybody have an offering to our bug friend?
I do not.
Wow, I am lost again.
I am not going out.
Somebody's here.
Does anybody have a key?
Anybody got a key?
Over here, over here, over here, over here.
We haven't gotten a lot though if you're going to get that.
That's not what I'm talking about.
Woo-hoo!
Woo-hoo!
Jesus Christ!
There's a blast.
Look at the door.
Does anybody know the way out?
Oh, shit.
Now we're...
Come on.
What does that mean now?
What happens when we do that?
Woo-hoo!
Oh.
Hold on, I can open this.
It's a dead end, it's a dead end.
No, it's not.
What do we do?
We're dead.
We just got to find a way out
and we're fine.
It's fine.
This seems promising.
No, something's in there.
Something's in there.
Just don't corner him, just don't corner him.
No.
Okay, this sounds promising, guys.
Okay, I lied, it's not promising.
I've been here, this is where I was.
Okay, follow me, follow me, follow me.
Somebody find a way out?
What's up, friend?
I'm in dead bed. Somebody take my flashlight.
Oh, no, nobody's on the ship.
You lived, okay.
No, I died.
You say...
There's a door up here, there's two doors up here.
Oh, never mind.
Oh, that's close to the exit, he's close.
It's sad because I know the way back.
Look at my minion body.
Look at my poor minion body.
There's so many of them.
The exiting Christian?
Look at this floppy minion body.
I found the exit.
I found the exit.
You might have heard.
This is where the thing was.
God damn it.
Exit over.
Damn, we really need this person.
We need Fancy to find you.
Exit this way.
Turn off to the right.
I think we found you.
Uh-oh, it's this.
I'm hearing kicks.
You're hearing me?
I'm dead.
Yeah.
I'm dead.
Damn, Amir died.
No, don't go that way.
Damn.
They should go for the bees.
Then, let's go this way.
I dropped like three.
Okay, no, not here.
Close that door.
We're gonna close that door.
No open doors.
We're the only two left alive from our room.
I think we're the only left.
Wait, I think this is it.
Get that, get that, get that.
There's a jump here, but I never jumped.
Okay, let's go up.
No, there's a door there.
I see a light.
That's the little apparatus thing that I got that I had to dry.
I fell.
You fell?
Why the fuck were you jumping?
Why did the world jump over us?
Why the fuck was he jumping?
Why did the world jump over us?
I was just trying to get on the ledge.
I overshot the ledge.
Why?
I was trying to get on the ledge.
I was trying to get on the ledge.
Is my stream open?
I was trying to jump on the ledge.
I'm getting my stream open, too.
Because this is where we've been.
You might have been open this whole time.
You loved the great action.
Dancing with death.
Kendall had my stream open by accident.
So that means that this...
If you want to rate it, if you want to stream it's open.
Yeah, that makes sense.
Oh, you made it.
How did Kendall get out?
I went back and tried to call for them.
I wonder if they're going to go for the bees.
I did too.
Yes, auto leave at midnight.
Isn't that swell?
Oh, that's right.
No open doors.
124s.
What's high?
I'm on the shift.
9
10
Oh, no, he's getting bugged.
Okay, this is good.
Oh, he's close.
He's close to the exit.
He doesn't even know he's close.
Yeah, that's fine.
I think it's too late though.
Yeah.
Have some chat guys.
For...
Look.
That metal ramp.
You just make a left and then you
make a right and go straight down in the fire.
That's right there.
That was horrible.
It wasn't the worst start we've had, honestly.
We still got a lot of stuff.
That is crazy.
Minus what?
I don't think I've died in this game
to confusion before.
That was definitely a first.
I feel like I lost my mind.
Does anybody still have flashlights?
Or are we out now?
I have a flash.
How long were y'all watching me?
Good one.
A big one.
I fell.
I fell.
You heard me when I said fancy.
Why were you doing that?
Off we go.
Oh god.
I'm also failing at just walking.
We started.
No flashlights.
We have one flashlight that I stole.
All we need is to put up numbers.
Big numbers.
Big money hustlers.
Hello?
Oh my god, double key?
What the hell?
Oh my gosh, crazy start.
I'll leave one key.
Already?
We don't have flashlights.
I think a bug is following me.
Something's happening and I don't know what I'm running for.
All right.
I'll just take this stuff back.
Where's the key?
Damn.
Why did they grab the thing when we have no flashlights?
I don't know.
It was Kendall.
It was Kendall.
Kendall Hossein fancy.
He's like proudly.
A janitor, not the white part.
I'm not mad.
I'm impressed at the initiative.
Why did someone pull out the thing when we have no flashlights?
Okay.
You know the view.
Yeah, it does.
I'm not mad.
I'm not mad.
You're totally mad.
I have a flashlight. Should we go back for more stuff?
Okay.
Let me hit up a quick scan.
There's only two objects worth 130.
Never mind.
Is there a beehive anywhere?
Apparatus isn't appraised.
So it's more than 300.
Oh yeah, I mean we're fine on quota.
But we should try to go over the quota.
So we can go to a cool planet.
Yeah, we're definitely over.
If you want, there's only two items left.
Where those are, I don't know.
Well, we should just check for a beehive real quick.
Okay, yeah, go for it.
Scan for beehive.
Damn it, those are just bees.
I guess they're flies?
There's never anything in here.
Nothing.
Also, what the hell is up here?
Anything?
People died?
From what?
Oh.
Found a log, folks.
Oops.
That was not worth it.
Sunday, we're doing five o'clock
for grunge mist.
Gonna see if I can get Kendall
to assist
with my grunge missing.
Guessing it'll be about a two or three hour stream.
I'm starting to think there's no bees.
We've got a lot
of people on the list to get through
for grunge mist, so join us
for the real holiday.
Sunday at five.
I should go back. I have the only flashlight.
In fact, I should not have taken the flashlight.
Or, Stevie, can you not do Sunday at five?
Oh, wow.
I can adjust it.
I could do a little later.
I think eight is a little too late for
a east coast trip.
We're taking off.
There's people right up there.
There's people.
Why did you take off?
Why did we take off?
We still had our entire team.
Oh, really?
Damn.
That's so harsh. Who would do such a thing?
It's so harsh.
Oh, Swae, why would you do that?
Half of the thing is missing.
You are not.
Why is that?
So what's that take off? So I hit the button.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
That's so funny.
Exterminator.
I think a brat got me as...
I was cutting you out.
Christian, you did such a good job, Christian.
We were watching the entire time.
And then we were like, he's there.
I'm like, oh, he's going to make it.
And then we see you get snatched.
And we were like, oh, no, he's not.
He's dead. He's gone.
But he got out. You got him.
I literally entered the door.
We got out.
And then we got left behind.
Mason, I literally went back for them.
And you guys left all of us.
It was just me.
I am the only one who killed you.
All right.
All in us. We're doing well.
We're doing well.
Sometimes it's just too tempting
to abandon your team.
Oh, wait.
I see how this case. Every man for themselves.
I got to go rogue.
It's in my heart.
She wasn't even late.
It was like 2 p.m.
Dude, it really wasn't the way 2 p.m.
Well, we came right back.
Oh, wait. This is a different world.
Another abandoned.
Wee.
I hope Kate gets stuck on a fairfield
at the top.
Probably will.
An immediate turning would be appropriate.
Oh, shit. I called it.
Speaking up.
I can't believe the adversity I overcame
just to get left behind.
That was an amazing walk.
There's nobody going to come.
I can't even see it.
Why is this the most dangerous
assurance run I've ever seen in my life?
Well, hey, at least there's not a
bracken yet.
Somebody find the...
I can't see shit.
Somebody find the balls.
It might be on the other side.
Oh.
There's a veil, but...
There's a slime.
Oh, this is the exit we came in, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's over to his back.
I always died from my slime accident.
Oh, there's a bracken room.
What is a bracken?
It's...
It usually just means there's a bracken.
I mean, I guess it always does.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
There's a lot of locked doors.
I have a key.
I have a key!
Oh, my God.
Thank me now.
Maybe it's one of this locked doors.
I have... Where's the locked doors?
They're by the staircase.
Yeah.
I have a key.
They're over here to the...
I want to say right, yeah.
Right there, and then above the stairs.
There's also another...
I'll go open v0 if I hit the fire exit.
Just a death room?
Oh, I have a key, actually.
I have a key, too.
There's a locked door downstairs, and there's stairs.
We can do this one.
Oh, there's a face.
There's a head guy in here.
Take me now.
Hello.
Where'd you come from?
The head grabber guy is out.
He's in the mix.
I love that guy.
Huge man.
Christian?
Anybody got a key?
There are no...
Oh, I do have a key.
It's fucking nothing.
Oh, my God, you've had a good fire here.
Where'd I escape to?
Oh!
Somebody open the v0 door.
Oh, my God.
I'm blocking the other door.
Oh, nice.
Let's just take it down.
Hey!
Switch!
There's a locked door behind us.
Guys, there's a stalker.
There's a bracket.
Oh.
We have so much shit if we can just leave.
Yeah, I've got three things.
To the company...
To the company...
To the company...
Just don't stare at the bracket for more than four seconds.
Oh, in the one that's going to go up there?
Yeah.
Guys, let's leave it to the corner.
Alright.
Let's place your bets now.
Ten bucks, I'm the one that dies.
I think as long as we stick...
We have to work together.
To the company.
Alright, let's go this side.
This side.
The bracket can come from behind you, too.
Say it out.
Alright, let's go around.
Let's spread this.
Let's overcome the bracket.
Okay, you go first.
Damn.
Here he is. Don't look at him too long.
Damn it.
No!
No!
I'm doing something stupid.
Can anybody carry the body?
No.
Anybody know the way out from here?
No.
We can just get out.
It's a very small stuff, actually.
The bloke's got you blocked off.
The bloke's got you blocked off.
It's a very long haul.
Oh, shit. Is that a mine?
A land mine?
That's a land mine.
We are fucking lost.
What's this way?
What was going on over there?
God damn it. I feel like we've definitely been here.
This is the left door.
Oh, boy.
We might be dead.
These mazes get so confusing.
Let's go this way.
Somebody's at the ship.
It's the dead bodies.
This way?
Up low? Up low?
What's this way?
Usually the bracken doors are near the entrance.
Oh!
Oh my god.
Alright, there should be monsters out.
So I guess we have to be quiet.
Fancy, did you call it that you were going to be the first to die?
Because he did.
Like he had a vendetta.
We should get Kendall's stuff.
He fended it.
Why did they leave?
Oh, I would have missed it.
We were about to go get Kendall's stuff.
Miracle.
Sorry.
Stay low and quiet and we would be fine.
Stay low and quiet and we would be fine.
The fear got to him.
The fear.
Dude, what kind of person leaves early?
That was crazy.
We have 767.
Hey, we can go to one of the cool moons.
I think if I change it to my knuckles,
it will be in your shape.
Well, we could get walkies
or we could go to one of the good moons.
Do you have a favorite moon yet?
I like the one where the entrance is real close to the ship.
We have to run straight up.
Are we going for selling everything?
Yeah, let's sell everything.
We're on the good moons.
I guess it's full.
It's full.
We're selling everything.
You didn't even drop it when you got into the ship?
I didn't even drop it, bro.
That monster got inside and ate you.
Are we done?
Did everything sell?
Not yet, not yet.
How much are these moons?
Case, I think you owe me $10.
$835.
So Titan is $700.
So we have $135 to spend.
Should we get two walkies?
Should we get two walkies?
Should I just get five regular flashlights?
Yeah, I'll do that.
I'll do three pro flashlights.
I'll need that one.
Is that everything?
There's two flashlights coming.
And then one more pro flashlight.
CV just asked to get up and chat.
If Sunday could be 8 p.m. L.A. 10.
Oh, I forgot to respond.
I would really like to.
It's just so late for anybody on the east coast.
I could do like 6.30.
L.A. 5.
Would you like to be our lady in the chair?
Yeah, I'll be lady in chair.
Okay, cool.
So you have all the micros or the
east coaster, the walkies.
The walkies.
Flashlights.
Does anybody have a second walkie?
It got left outside.
We're good now.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, it got left outside.
Let's take off.
Give that one to Kendall.
Kendall, whoever wants this walkie
I'll leave it on the ground.
Hello?
All right.
Is it on?
Can I turn it off?
Q, turn it on, I think.
Yeah.
Hello?
One, two over.
One, two, heard me.
Okay.
It dies the batteries charge.
Yeah.
We still have 137.
If you want to buy anything else, we have 137.
I want to get to a point where everyone has a walkie.
Okay.
That's like I guess later.
You could buy a few more now.
A little left.
Yeah, I'll grab I'll grab a couple I'll grab two more is that okay
He'll be up at 11 p.m. Personally my brother also usually is only able to catch your later streams too if it makes a difference
Yeah, maybe I think I'll just split the difference and do seven then because that would be 10 this ghost
I'll change it to seven and then hopefully
Check in a little bit early if you don't want to stay late a little bit
Checking a really catch it later
Just commit to midnight
Midnight Tokyo time, baby, now I'm a pro
This one's vertical
Yeah, I don't know
Dude, I was just inside you fancy just so you know
Hello
So these moons are no one's with me I
Can just tell chat these moons are usually more monster heavy
So I'm a bit more likely to get slaughtered real quick. So I don't know what the blood splatter means
Hello
There's some stuff
I do
That's just a dead end
All right, can I make the harder jump you want to carry the flashlight experimenter? Okay, if you want to carry that
I should we should check where the exit is because I already forgot it's somewhere attached to this room
Yes
Yeah, where you at I
Can you leave me to the guy
I'm at the door. I'm at the main door host way. Oh, so is that you were there this way?
I'm on it now. I'm gonna check the fire exit. Good keys, right?
Hello, I'm gonna take stuff down and grab it. I'm gonna take stuff down and grab a key
The jack in the box
Anybody here stopping I'm alive. I'm back at the ship
The giant just ate somebody so many items in that room the Giants right outside
We did get a ton of stuff does anybody have anything I think it has to see you
Oh
People made it. Honestly, we got a lot of stuff
Ash was next to a shit ton of stuff and then died
Damn, that sucks
Did he was in a room full of stuff
There's a giant outside and then I gotta wait for both
The door and it closed on me
Yeah, because the Giants can't reach inside. Oh, they can't. Oh nice
Dine I'm playing with Kendall and
Christian fancy
Sturminator
Yeah, let me know if anybody wants to get it on this
You do need the annoying things you need certain mods you basically just need the bigger lobby
Hazard level is high
You can see if anyone able to recover my
Coming in on mine, I might give it to host way if I see him because he seems to be better on it
Anybody sees Christian apparently he's next to a bunch of goodies. Oh, what is that? Oh, hey Christian apparently you're next to a bunch of treasure
Oh
It's the mask
Put this fucking mask outside
Apparently there's something moving over here
Nathan just died everybody. Yeah, do we know
No
Coming
Is this lock
Hey Kendall's there anything green on the map near a this way right
It's in a really weird spot
Hey guys, there's three things in here there's a mine right there's a mine. There's mine
I don't think
Think we'd have to fully sacrifice someone
Sorry Ken, which which direction I don't see it
Yeah, I don't see it. Unfortunately
What are you looking for? Oh there I see it. It's teeth
Oh, I made it. Oh, I keep getting stuck on things
Is there anything in this room there's a mine blocking the stairs I
Just won't risk it then. I feel like maybe I should tell people to leave
Yeah, we should leave guys. I honestly don't know the way out of like the way out of here
Hello, I see the way out, but I have to jump for it, and I don't know where the jump is
Christian just killed himself. I think I see where to go. I think I just have to risk it
That end. I think I just have to go for the jump
All right, wish me luck
Well
I had so much stuff that's not even good items. I just mean I had the flashlight the key other walkie
Like
Yeah, I needed to conserve my battery way better than I did
At least it's a dog and not a giant it candles the own but there's only three people alive shit
Damn
We had so much stuff
I saw it I saw it's pretty it was pretty great
That's what you look at it when you look at the bracket and you get it to run away it runs away the direction of the exit
Which I don't know if that's voice truth is it feels like
Titans eclipse guys, so we're gonna have to go to heard your slander
We're gonna have to go to vow
Okay, there was an invisible mine I can't help that
Invisible did you have a flashlight?
Are we okay?
Did anybody get stuff back yeah, yeah, there was a looking and then I blew up there was no actual red light
You guys were surrounded by shit
insane
We I had so much stuff that run
I don't think anybody
The Christian jump was was a was truly what this game is all about
Want to go down
What the bottle let's go drop them
We got a flash
Already took it
Wait a minute. Is that a candle move? I believe is that a classic Kendall move?
No, that's somebody already took the the battery
We could just turn around
Another flask I think we should go back
Okay, well I want to hear asked a shot
All right, I'm gonna turn around
There's a key down there if you want to grab it
Okay
Hey, there's a fucking thief bug over here. I think I have to go past the thief bug
Oh
Come on
It's so much shit
Christian did a candle kill you well at least he got the bottles. I guess I only had like a hundred bucks
But still creep that you killed good time to take a break. There's no breaks. There's no time for breaks
We keep going oh, you're right
Oh, yes, having Christians great
Why are they watching? Why are they watching? Why are they watching? Oh, they bailed
I know I know we saw that right we saw
Can I understand why carried
That's crazy what happened what happened why so oh so so on the thing we were looking at who died because I went they
Some monsters so I did when I got back here. I started going through to see she's alive and I
Someone else's body
Where's the unity we have none we're eating each other
I
Do we have anything else to sell
Oh
We might have to go to rent this time
All right, hold on where's the we're okay chat see
How do we have any walkie-talkies left?
Should we go to rend which is cheaper and then by a bunch of walkie-talkies and flashlights
I didn't die
It comes from a like
Like as a kid I thought the coolest thing
No, she's just not a fan like
We are walking and not watching
I hope there's still a walkie so hard to see also no one's helping me
There's two oh, there's still two
There's one there's two
Thank You mr. Whoopie boo boo
It seems like a trend
Oh
Okay, I'm taking off guys
Put a pull-up somebody pull a pull-up who's gonna die first
Obviously it's me
Vote now is it is it Kendall?
All right, Lady Kendall a first
The vote for candle is it case vote case one?
Tighten it is
All right, we're going back to Titan. I love Titan. I love me sometimes
Oh, we still have a hundred and eleven dollars if there's anything you want to do with those way
I don't think there's anything them seed. Oh, did it crash did we get it? No, we're good
We probably well we should find sir, but yeah, we could go
I'm also happy to stay if anybody wants to go out
Kendall I'll come back and stay in the ship you go with the shovel
Who's is anybody else staying
Kendall you can go I'll stay
I'm gonna fix it once I
See you can you should open that oh can't not hear
You hear me I can hear you now. There you are. Can you hear me my mic died? So I
Can bring some walkies
I'll bring an extra walkie. I have I have an extra walkie with me
You know I hope so if they hate it they can tell me and then I'll say I'm sorry, but it has to be
Friends nothing. Oh, hey Christian. You want a walkie?
I'm gonna go check the fire escape
Maybe I should just take that shit back so I feel free lethal company intervention
No, I've been accused of farting
What
How about this way, oh here's the thing
I'm gonna drop this outside
How did I get lost that fast?
How am I already lost that's insane
Where's the fire escape
All right, we it's pissed cuz I took it shit
I'm gonna start running stuff back
You know it should be like a five-cycle
I'm gonna go back up
Let's go for it critical and I have a flashlight the key
I think the fire escape is our best bet for more shit
Really and the main eggs entrance didn't seem to have much, but that's all got two shovels. Oh, yeah, what happened to the show
We can do this one if you want I mean I just don't I couldn't find any way through here. I didn't do the jump though, but
I did the job
Leave leave leave leave
Let's leave
It's time to go
Hey, I get ready to leave. Hey guys, there's a dog down here. Is anybody alive still
It's like somebody's out there
He's dead person's not moving. I think we're good to go
I
There's there were mimics
Book it we booked it
It's booked we got the roll
Don't know how I
Pinched you
The zombies will fall you back to the ship. So you have to like make a point not to get murdered by them
Oh, daddy rads. We're using bigger lobby
They straight up pinched you and I'm happy to remake this whenever you want to join so like I was
I was trapped in my friend Kodur. Do you have it all right?
And I had to be on the other side of the of the second so I ran I juked them and ran the long way around
Yeah, yeah
Kendall did you want to go exploring cuz I'm happy to stay in the ship candle are you on walkies?
Yeah
You know where number two is
Wedding ring. Oh, wow, that's valuable. Let's drop this stuff outside
Checking the firescape candles or anything near us
Oh
I don't have a key I do a key
This door just leads to the other to where we just were
Here's a mask. I don't trust myself to hold that
I'm gonna put this outside. I think Osway just died. Yes, we must mask
Okay, oh, don't look that way don't look that way
Bracken
Bracken I pissed it off. I'm gonna run for it. Does it permanently aggroed now? I don't know
Guess we should go back in then
Kendall you still alive. Oh, that's just for you. We should leave
Cuz you'll die for sure if our faces amass but happens to take our masks
Did I almost?
Over here. We didn't get that much stuff
Did we get enough stuff
Honestly, I think we should launch. Yeah
Everett also that and everyone's here alive. Oh, yeah, let's watch how many people died
My scary mask, but I'm afraid it'll belong
That's how much they say
On the line, thank you
Titan foggy
Yeah, we should scan this way you in jumps. Why are you looking at me when you say her sweat?
It's right next to you. It's foggy by the way
It's eclipsed it's eclipsed. I thought it was just foggy
Okay, I might have goofed by sending us here that might have been a goof
What?
You fucks you're gonna kill me. Maybe you won't kill me
No could go up the stairs. Oh wait a mirror you voted with just you to leave
Everyone's gonna die anyway, so I think it's the best move to be honest. I was like, they can't go
I mean I was at the top if I'd gone in I would have survived bummer. I would say in general just don't go
What the actual hell is that
It's that fog I literally found the treasure trove and I was like, oh we're gonna make some money and then I come out
Why
Somebody voted whoever died. Yeah, I'd say I'd say don't make the one person vote
Yeah, somebody that died voted immediately, it's fine. I got two bodies
My damn ring
That's why that's why I put question marks in the chat because I was like wait
Why did they well, you know, it's my bad. It said it was foggy didn't say it was eclipsed. I would have gone somewhere else
We have so much we have so much
I
Don't know what else I could have said
Wait, didn't dodge or I'm really not
Our fridge smells better we can't figure out why I still didn't take the stuff for once. I'm not farting
I'm being accused of farts
Do this thing is taking it's time today
And we lost all our flashlights and shit
Just
All right, we got flashlights and walkies coming. Oh, um
Daddy rads, did you want to do you want to get in on this?
Radium V
The rad of dad, I guess it's setting the walkies
Well, just let me know when they're on and I'll remake once we're in a space break
Although it's probably
Might be my last quota at some point I should
Once again
We need a teleporter, I'm asking you once again
I think
I
Was me, I think the walkies are good
No everybody can communicate with everybody which is a problem not carrying a walkie
It's all about communication
We can afford all sorts of
Well now they can say hey
Wait, how do I see oh, okay ship upgrades loud horn teleporter, okay, I'm getting us a teleporter
You can teleport people back to the ship or would you rather have a single translator?
And the walkies do the same thing
Oh
Wait, we don't have money to go to
That's my bad we're gonna have to go to regular moons
Rubber ducky, this is big mama bear
Whoops the Stargate is a go
Chevron 7 lock remember everybody look out for the go out any Stargate lovers in chat
Hey guys, I'm a studio plan here to promote the new Stargate movie. We're rebooting it y'all
There is no new Stargate
The strikes are over
Sorry about this everyone. I never meant to promote the new Stargate movie to you
But there's the studio plant
I'm on a walkie, baby. Yeah, I got the walkie
Sea bear, this is a sea bear
Whoa, wait, we shouldn't take that yet
I need a key
Oh, I see. Oh, you're right
Hello, oh sway is our custodian
I do
Oh, you lose all your items
Oh
Where was the where was the um
Power thing the artifact or whatever. Oh, there's a thing back up here. You might be able to pull it soon
This way am I near any items? Are there any items near me? Either you guys remember where the artifact is
What's that?
Oh my god
Oh nice
Where is it the ones dropped like everything they were carrying
Wait, where are you?
Oh, I think that means they got killed by the bracket and dragged
I don't have any
Uh, no, but I'll grab it. I sorry. I was talking to the wrong person. I got you
What's the what is that? What's happening? No, why would you Jesus Christ give me a warning?
Was that you Kendall?
That wasn't me. I don't know
How to do that. It's whatever this button is. Is that what I was carrying?
It was Christian Christian you maniac
Okay, the answer is yes. That is the stuff that I was carrying. Okay, thank you
Thank you
Can you scan and see if we left a bunch of stuff?
There's four objects. Does it say how much they're worth?
I don't know how to check that. Oh, I do I do I do
187
Is that worth it?
Oh, who just did that?
Yeah
Christian you keep teleporting people
Oh
Somebody pressed that I was just looking at the teleporter teleport fancy
Wait, why?
How do I do that? Just ask for it. Okay. Just how you teleported me
You got it. You got to put it on fancy
And then
Oh, it's on it's on cooldown
But why would he go back in?
I think he knows where our one thing is. How could he communicate?
He did pick up that I
He's dead. Oh somewhere too
Why would he go back in? Why would he?
Oh, he's alive
Yeah, why does it beam him up? I don't understand
Candle let me get up real quick. Let me see
What if it's not working he's probably bugged
He's bugged. He's bugged. He's bugged. Okay. Oh, he's walking anyway
Oh
Somebody take off
Why god damn it. I had so much shit on me
They got attacked
Dude we got
All right
We tried
Maybe you can only teleport once per map
Also, who wasted the teleport for no reason
I don't know
Oh my god
Uh, shit this this map is incredibly annoying because it's in it's in store
I should have looked
And that's on me
Yeah, he read I'll try to get you
I think some people might be dropping soon. I'm probably gonna drop after this quota
Which will end the game
But maybe whoever's gonna feel like making their own
dirty deal
Dirty deal of a game
Yeah, I don't know why our teleporters don't work
Yeah, I'll raid you if you start a new game
I'm sure some people still want to party
Hello
Yeah
I don't I died because of the fucking dog at the end there
I don't I died from the dog
The dog passed through my body and killed me oh fuck that's bad
There's a there's a shotgun guy. It'll kill you in one hit. It's that way
Um, I don't really know what we do
The key the key is causing
That shotgun guy's a problem
Fancy
Maybe we should cut our losses on this world
The fact that storming is
Not great
Rads maybe the thing to do because I'm probably we only have one day left
Instead of me remaking the game because we'll just finish this round and then I'll raid you and uh
I'll instruct
Anyone in this game to join you not my day
I don't even hear it. I had no warning sign
I'm the only dead one though, that's good
Can somebody probably grab my flashlight
We're here. Where'd he go? Yeah, it does not work with me. It doesn't work
It might be bugged because of all the mods
What where'd you
Dude, this world is such a mess. I really forgot to check what the weather was
This is
Literally does not work with fancy
What the actual
I was literally stuck with that jacket with that nut crack right on me. Try it on me. Try on me. Try on me
We have to switch it to you
My bad
Okay
It works and everybody else doesn't work for fancy
Conveniently does it work?
Let's just find out try it on me. Try it on me. Try it on me. I don't I don't know if we're gonna make it
No, Kendall you gotta go out there go out there. I was out there. No, I should do it. It should do it inside
It should do it inside, too
Dude, they're gonna get killed by dogs
Are you doing it?
Yeah
Yeah, my fucking teleporter doesn't work. Maybe it only works for four people
So is it set to who this is?
Yeah, yeah
It works on the dead guy
It works on me. The dead guy is the lobby leader
Dude, they really gotta go
Relieve the planet
You fools
I think we gotta vote to leave or something or no, they they just
Oh, if they don't pick up their items though, they're just gone
I
You both died the same way
Damn, I think that also means you lose whatever items you're holding
So if you've given the teleporter while someone's teleporting
killed
I guess it kills the person next to you too. Good damn
No, wait a minute on my screen on my screen. You guys got struck by lightning
I think I did honestly. Yeah, you did. That's what it said. It looked like it got you through the ship
Anyway, right
So we need to make a fair amount of money, I think or we're dead
Oh, maybe we're close
Pretty close
Um, I think this is my last one
But another person's playing that you guys can jump into if anybody still wants to rock and roll
Rock and roll
Rock and roll
Rads, I could remake it, but this is our last moon
Rock and roll
So steam, I just
Don't try to teleport me when I got stuck with the check in the box. I'm curious or the nutcracker
We tried to teleport you many times
Okay
Uh, we don't if we don't all hate you. No, no, no, definitely can't
Definitely can't
I we try tried I was telling hosue how to help you, but I was like it's it's literally the jack muck dude
It was a concerted effort. I don't and I was at a dead end. I couldn't go
Going rogue one last time. All right
He's a going rogue
It's me is me shadowing you ruin ruining your goal. No, no, no, it's rogue is more of a mindset hosue. It's fine
Oh, I see. I'm in a rogue mindset
Rads, I'll join your game after uh, we get off this planet and then I'll invite all these people if that works for you
And then I'll just quit quit out of there
Also, I got it download and then make everybody else download uh join late or whatever
There's a mod you can download so you can just join late it would make this so much easier
For sure
Mines here we got mines here
Hey, can uh, what's the situation here? Are there any good things?
Oh, there's a brain guy
There's a one of those brainjackers are in there
Just check the ceilings
Ash has a
There it is
case up
the left
Oh, jeez it's time to walk right under it
Yeah, get him
Nice work, yeah
Oh, whoa, what the fuck? Oh god
No, there's a bracket in here
Why I looked
Dude, I did the thing I swear this is the appropriate way for me to end this
Dude, look at it drag me
Yeah, we just
I think they kind of killed the two
Dude, I was told if you just make a little eye contact and look away it chills out
Oh, no, I see it. It was a spider thing. I did go through
It was a bug and went to the extent four way over there in the park and uh went up
It looked like I saw a wreck
Shit, they do need to make some money
Hey rads, what's your steam idea?
Um, you can either set it to me on discord or um, there should be a thing. Yeah, do you see it?
There's like an item right next to you
It's coming. There's also one item in the corner to your back, right?
Radium I can't see it, but I think so it looks it looks it looks it. Well, there's two radium fees
Is that you're an invalid?
It's in the room. It's in the room. It's in the room
There you are. Do you guys not see that item in the corner? Oh, I'm dead
Come down here. Yeah down here
Dude, I'm amazed this thing hasn't killed anybody else. This team is doing so well without me
Yeah, I was kind of forced to take this one
Honestly, at least now we have enough stuff
I got bracken
All I hear is like him getting taken away and then I hear
I wonder if that kills the bracket if it hits a mine. I'm a little bit more aggro than I remember
Because they didn't seem to run into it again
Yeah, dude, you might be all that stuff outside of the only one person
Yeah, just me
Yeah, it's just case
Geez, they keep saying just case and this tone really doesn't make me feel good. Did we get his body back?
It has a bracken just has it
Oh, you can't help the rest of the bracken has it. Oh, wait, maybe oh, they should teleport me should be able to
Fresh corpse
Welcome back
Just case
Dude, look at that minion face that is terrifying
I said I wasn't farting but these farting noises suggest otherwise
No, no, it's just a whoopee cushion keeps farting. Oh Kendall, we gotta eat
Let us release case from this
It's time
Let's not die
Don't worry, we're going straight to the company. We've done it. I can't believe it, but we've actually done it
They said it couldn't be done. Dude, we do keep
I keep streaming so much
I can see why streaming video games
Let's you do locker streams because I'm less exhausted after this that like a five hour
It doesn't tell you just by scanning it, but it'll tell you
Oh, yeah, I didn't like 80 or 90
It's usually
Maybe we'll see it in the after
Yeah, it should tell you it's going for like a split second
Should be able to see it down. God's camera. You're so right
The leafless company have always been deeply on Kennedy and me bailing out
But I do want to finish honestly. I love it. Okay
We don't
We keep all the noise
Well, you know what the flash grenade
Flash grenade lets you kill crack
Watch the nutcracker get a shot
If you kill a nutcracker, you get a shot
Let's kill a nutcracker. I know it's so awesome. Everyone take a bullet to the face. One of us will get it
All right guys, we've done it. That's gonna do it for me
But um
I'm gonna join radium v's game and then invite you all in case you want to keep playing. He's firing up for another
I might be calling it. Okay. I have some stuff to do. I'm gonna watch this right now. It's just going off
Oh
The flash is weak
This isn't a bad stopping point. No, this is a good one. Overtime bonus 42. This is a lot. Six or seven hours of play
How much money do we have? Oh, we could go to the festive moons. All right
We'll we'll pick up from here at some point inevitably. I can't help it
All right, I'm gonna join rad rad's game. If anybody wants to keep going. I'll give you the invite
Just a sec. We're going in. Hello. Hello
I think maybe rancin is still down to go
Oh, I still have your stream. I'm gonna see if I can get anybody out of this
I'm gonna invite host wavy though. He said he's done
Kendall's definitely done. He's exterminated
Is a mere done. Yeah, I've had a habit of uh starting pretty late lately
If there's any creamies who want to play um radium v is a stream name
I
Have to tap out due to my brain
Giving up. I know the feeling for sure
And this game is one word. It's just it's like one more round one more round
I know I one more round it for about six rounds there in my brain. Uh, yeah
Should I think I think my this crew might be
Juiced let me see. Yeah
It's gonna be um get kevin in here. Oh, there's someone
Yeah, I was telling me that I couldn't find a lot of data data. Oh, nice. Do you do you know if uh ash wants to play?
Um fancy rancin nice to meet you. Also if you have anybody else that wants to play fancy
Excuse me case y'all are my friends, uh the only ones
I mean, I'll have you I'll have the stream up and be watching. I just need to I need to eat some
I'm gonna go ahead and read you rads
All right
The red I mean, I'm fine with two
I'm fine with two player for sure. I've done it. Um, it's not
I mean, it's hard, but um, it can be really fun
Somebody else in chat might want to play. Let me just yeah, I'm I asked um on the discord as well and
Um, kevin was talking about how he uh
Uh, he was traumatized. Oh, yeah, right with viona. It's just because he's got a weak mind
That's uh, that's what the facade is for yeah, okay, we're going to we're going rad channel chat and the raid message is um
Rad raid. It's rad raid. Rad raid live
I'll be back out tomorrow for the first time. I'm talking to you in person actually by the way
It's nice to meet you. Um, thank you for
Uh getting me