I'm Papita, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Case Blackwell said, does anyone know any remedies Christ is?
Ask for a friend named King Bella Lamont.
Case Blackwell said, thanks so much, entity that makes it all worth it in these troubling times.
It's an energetic start to the stream today.
That hair trigger hype train just popping off.
Oh my God.
Look at all that is happening.
All that has come before unburdened by the train that has been.
Oh, I did the Panther trigger.
I'm so sorry that should have triggered for you.
How dare you Panther.
Don't worry, I got your back.
Yeah.
Kendall's here.
There's a lot happening right now.
Kendall has a style.
She's already warm compressing.
She's got an eye patch like that villain in Waterworld.
Okay.
Now she's double eyed.
It's not that bad.
It's only bad in the morning.
It's bothering her though.
She's bothered.
Good to see everybody.
Lady Citrix bundles pro entity propaganda, Skymer MSG Snorlax and Ray Silva,
so breechy.
Eldrick.
Great to see you.
Currently working.
Love the hate others as well.
All of you.
Fantastic.
The hype train has popped off already.
I don't have any solutions for Kendall.
First.
She might put coconut oil on it.
I have the I have the Camelmile tea bag.
I have the coconut oil.
I have the apple cider vinegar.
I have the warm, calm press.
Did your eye fall into some coconut oil?
I dropped nothing.
Is the exact same hot compress?
Well, at least we got the right one.
It was Walgreens.
Most there compressed.
If you remember, if you remember, did you feel like this was safe to put in the microwave?
Even though it says put in microwave, I personally feel like it's not safe to put in the microwave.
I think she's fine.
The hype train thinks you're fine.
But I think the hype train doesn't know what it's like to have human eyes.
No, you need the eye.
It's like a, if I really look, then I can't tell if my brain is making me see it.
I don't care about the pain.
I just need it to look okay.
I think it already looks okay.
I don't think I would even notice.
Maybe if it was like a still frame and I zoomed in.
But I've got differently shaped eyes already.
The cemetery is overrated, Kendall.
You want a little Picasso.
It's too hot for a small factor.
Yeah, you're doing what you need to.
I think you just keep jamming warm water on there.
I couldn't see it this morning.
Kendall's like, you idiot.
I know, I call him stupid.
It's so swollen.
Yeah, Eldrick can't even see it.
Well, you guys don't look at my face as much as you look at his face.
Well, here we go.
I'll zoom.
Face in the middle.
Zoom.
Right here.
It's a little red.
Do you guys want to see it?
Oh my God.
Inhance.
Look at my eyes.
I'm fine.
She's out of here.
Cases that look awful.
Oh no, what's in them?
Nothing?
There's nothing in them?
And that's why they look bad.
That makes sense.
Yeah, she got this.
Put it in the middle, please.
Boom.
Stuy.
I want to put it in your eye.
I don't think you want me to do that.
It feels like I'm torturing you.
Whoa.
Okay.
Sorry.
I do need to think some subs or the hype train can do it for me.
Yeah.
What am I even here for?
Thank you so much for the 12 months.
Apple to Apple, the 100 bits.
Currently working, we've officially hit 21 months.
It's time to drink, case.
Oh yeah, now the stream can legally drink if you turn months to years.
Yeah.
Okay.
And Eddie, thank you so much for the 21 months as well.
The big two one and Giggle Trash.
Coming through with a hot five time.
Five time.
Five hot subs.
Oh, we love to see it.
Stream about to fucking rage.
Are you mad hype train?
You gotta be a little mad to be hyped.
I'm getting some pissed 90s music.
Get me a pissed 90s instrumental.
Pissed 90s instrumental.
This is a pissed 90s boom bat beat.
This isn't that pissed.
This is more mellow.
Kev's slide are coming through.
Boom back.
You hear that boom back?
I hear the boom back.
Boom back.
A level four hype train.
Yeah, man.
I'm fucking cooking today.
Cooking with the juice.
I'm trying on the loose.
Fly it in the goose.
Okay, hype train.
This is not the aggression hype train was looking for.
If this panther doesn't work, I'm going to be mad at the panther.
For being lazy.
Okay, there we go.
It just took him a second to warm up.
Doctor Cool, thank you so much for the 21 months.
And Apple DApple, thank you for the 100 bits.
And that hot, hot panther.
Yeah.
You got a question. I got the answer.
You got the hotness. I brought the panther.
Bring the panther.
Hot panther.
I'm trying sort of rapping lazily.
No, maximum effort.
You got three classic movie trailers with Hulk Hogan.
America's number one political expert, Hulk Hogan.
Yeah, yeah.
What you going to do, brother?
You're going to be your number one 2024 trumpet.
You got the blue. I got the necessities.
Well, look, there is a lot of news.
There's a lot of news.
One piece of news that I guess I'm surprised by or not.
I can't remember.
Biden's asleep like the hype train.
Yeah.
Biden is currently hiding from the public eye.
He's got COVID. I think that's fair.
Hello, Shaka.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Given those subs, a real hot audience.
I was thinking.
Smooth hype train.
I'm trying.
I'm on the.
Can't seem to zoom out from hype train's face.
I need some work as Firebird.
Oh God, what's happening?
Oh, there we go.
Back to normal.
I'd say so.
I guess let's get into a little news while this hype train just sort of rages gently behind me.
Thank you all so much for the support.
We got Dr. Cool. We got Shaka 42,000.
We got it all coming in.
Let's hit up a little bit of news amidst a little bit of hype.
Good to see everyone.
When there's big news in the world, there's only one man to call.
And that is, of course, me, Jeff Ripple.
The best beard and the best gravitas in the business.
And the best intro music, I would say that's a lock.
That's your 2024 lock?
Yes, absolutely.
Hope everybody's having an incredible Monday.
Some more than others.
Some could say it's an incredible Monday.
Those of us who believe in patriotism are, of course, saluting the greatest president of all time.
We loved you so much that we never had any problems with you where devastated at the news that you're leaving.
And yet you also did it for the good of the country or the greatest ever.
We're talking about Joe Biden.
You got to think about that?
I had to think about it a little bit.
He just was such a, all the things he accomplished.
Really, if you just look at the accomplishments, probably one of the most monumental presidents of all time.
It's all about the accomplishments for real political heads like me.
Exactly. We've listened up Jack.
We jacked in and he might have jacked off, but we'll never forget him.
You love his accomplishments?
Love those accomplishments.
Some of the best ones.
I've ever seen a president accomplish.
Which ones did you like the most?
Unemployment or something is low-ish and...
Oh.
That always is timed in a way that makes it seem like it's some sort of commentary.
But I swear it's not.
I'm so hyped that he sacrificed himself at the altar of democracy, thus saving it.
He was a guest star on Parks and Rec, another one of his classic accomplishments.
I mean, he did do stuff.
I'm not trying to deny that there's things that happened under his presidency, some of which were positive.
He forgave a lot of student debt, well, more student debt than I think any other president.
He capped insulin prices, I think. That's pretty positive.
But I would say I can think of several tens of thousands of reasons why I still hate his fucking guts.
Well, that's just being so extreme.
Sorry, I hate his stomach.
At least you're not in the guts.
Once somebody please think about Hunter Biden in the year ahead, he made crack cocaine legal.
Oh, underrated. Not even a lot of people.
Only Hunter has realized, I think, that it's legal.
He did beat Trump. I do like that about him.
Dude could sniff like a champ.
I will miss his snorting.
Part of me will miss his just kind of madness, like sort of king lear style fog brain.
I find that relatable as a man who's slowly descending probably over the next 40 years
and having one of the foggiest brains of all.
I did find that aspect relatable.
I honestly didn't have huge issues with Biden or huge positives for him until the Gaza stuff.
He felt like a pretty stocked Democrat to me in many ways.
And also most Democrats would be doing what he's doing.
But I do find that to be beyond the pale for me to offer any sort of heartwarming ode to the presidency that was Biden.
Ten thousand reasons, name five.
Well, I mean, I think I'd have to look up a list of the dead big J-dub.
And I'd have to read off their names.
Two solemn of a stream for one featuring this many ridiculous graphic.
We truly believed in Brandon all this time.
That's true.
Steven Amonich, congratulations on the 350 general points for the three stream streak.
By dropping out the race, did change the assassinations news cycle.
Yeah, I mean, it's definitely huge news.
And we got, we got mommy Kamala now on deck.
The ducks are getting in the row.
I feel, you know, probably on the whole better about Kamala running.
It seems like it's not, it's not that hard of an upgrade to achieve.
Sort of like, you know, you got a level one sword, you pick up a level 1.5 sword, but it's still an improvement.
So, you know, I'd say, I'd say we got to go with it.
No choice. No other options.
Seemingly no other options.
I think that's a pretty quick submission, although Obama has an endorser and Nancy Pelosi as far as I know has an endorser.
Though honestly, I think if there is a any kind of contested, you know, convention, it could, it could be that could also be bad.
Pelosi did.
Okay, Pelosi did.
I don't think she had this morning.
Well, if she has, you just need big daddy Obama Obama to come in to really seal the deal.
Check out that Pelosi endorsement if it just, if it happened at some point in the last couple hours.
Pelosi endorsement. You've got to get the Pelosi endorsement.
Pelosi endorses Harris with immense pride.
Ooh, this is exciting. This is the kind of news you're here for, Jeff.
Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, yes. Yes, yes, yes.
Oops, wrong one. Radio cut, man.
Pelosi endorses Harris with immense pride, praises Biden's wisdom.
And there's a video. And that's all we need to know about that.
Let's bring in our ABC News political contributors. Amanda Renteria, the former national political director for the Hillary Clinton campaign.
Let me get this on here.
And senior editor of the dispatch, Sarah Ischer for more. Amanda, I want to start with you. How critical is it for the party to rally around Kamala Harris?
We are seeing them do that, but it's also just been a day.
What? This isn't her saying stuff.
Will that remain?
Well, it's critical. There is not a lot of time in the selection cycle.
It's also very important in general to make sure that she's building her own relationships as this campaign trail starts because the message has to change.
She has to be able to lead on messages. We know that in any campaign is going to be.
Okay, well, this is sort of, I thought it was going to be Pelosi, but that's just sort of other people talking about it.
Emphasizing the importance of shutting up and getting behind her.
Shut up. Get behind her right away. I'm not talking currently, so I'm doing it. You're doing your part. Stop talking, case. Get behind her.
The second part sounds a little weird, but I am not talking. That's good. Part one's done. Get behind her.
It's just the way you're saying it doesn't feel quite right. Well, I'm behind her.
Okay, all right. Let's see.
I think the buttons are confusing me today.
Anyway, early Saturday, Biden told senior aides it was a full... This is the wrong story. Get me the right story back. There we go.
Her public backing of Harris came about 24 hours after he dropped out.
America has been truly blessed by the wisdom and leadership of President Joe Biden.
All right, Peter, a real one. With love and gratitude, I salute President Biden for always believing in possibilities of America and giving people the opportunity.
One of our country's most consequential presidents.
Biden has been not only on the right side of history, and I can't think of any other examples other than those 40 to 400,000 examples that I keep harping on.
That case keeps blah, blah, blah, about those 40 to possibly hundreds of thousands more human lives. I guess you could bring those up.
President Biden is not only on the right side of history, but that small asterisk that case keeps bringing up, but on the right side of the future.
And that's all you need to say.
The whiz, well, maybe that was forward thinking. Maybe some days the Linsky will change his name to Putin just to confuse everyone.
Harris, Brad Hingsman. Some people said AOC. I don't think AOC is likely. I think she's a little too controversial for most Americans.
Yeah, I mean, the genocide is my big would be my biggest complaint about the things Biden has been involved in.
And for me, also, that's like a that's a problem.
But we're not focused on that right now. Right now we're focused on saying goodbye to just one of America's insert adjective presidents.
Harris White do 2024. I do think that's the most likely option.
Kamami is how people are calling her. That's better than brat. I've seen a ton of brat videos of Kamala.
I don't think those are quite as effective. Let's just really quickly pull up a Kamala brat video in case you think I'm making that up.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, people people keep rocking these Kamala brat videos.
Tree.
You exist in the context of all in which you live and what came before you.
I'm just living that life on Dutch.
Classic. But I still pop every time.
You jealous. I'm just living that life.
Everything is in context.
Okay, well, I'm sold Kamala brat 2024 just her and a Bratz doll.
The absolute vibes.
A cop pretending to be your friend energy.
No, she wouldn't be Hello Kids in us.
She would never I guess before we move on to Kamala. Let's I guess briefly get into the Joe Biden farewell tour via this political article, which claims to cover basically what happened yet.
Steve Riketti who's been with us.
So anyway, why Biden finally dropped out. This is courtesy of Politico for 23 days.
23 days. President Joe Biden insisted on pushing forward with his reelection bid.
And then Saturday we kind of all know what happened.
Early Saturday, Biden told senior aides it was full steam ahead.
However, he might have thought it was the previous Saturday. His sense of time has not been the greatest lately.
But by later that evening he had changed his mind.
Okay, Steve Riketti, who has been with Biden since his days in the Senate drove to see the president at his house Mike Donnellan arrived on Saturday both of those are to his top eights.
The two men both of whom have been by Biden side during key decisions about seeking the president in 2016 and the not in 2020 and then doing it.
They sat at a distance because he's tested positive for COVID and presented damning new information in a meeting that would hasten the end of Biden's political career.
That's rough when the boys got to come over to hit you with the polls to let you know that you're fucked that ever happened to you.
How would that happen to me what poll would exist. Well, you could just look at your twitch numbers.
Maybe maybe the boys got to come over and show show you your twitch stats. Only I have my twitch stats and I'm fine with them.
I've got bad news the rest of us and we have some we need you to drop out of the twitch.
That means you want to have a job Jeff. Oh, whoops. I take it back. We need to hide your declining mental fact my declining mental faculties.
Yes, we need to hide your declining mental faculties to keep you on twitch so that we still have a job.
And I think we could pull that off for at least one more month.
It's my decision. And unless God disconnects my internet, I'm staying on twitch.
Oh, ignore that. He's fine.
In addition to presenting new concerns from lawmakers and updates on a fund raising operation that had slowed considerably, they carried the campaign's own polls which came back this week and showed his path to victory in November was Gonzo.
Yeah, I got to stop advocating for me to lose a job. It's a it's a weird strategy. Jeff, is this a negotiating tactic? Yeah, pay me more or something. I don't know.
November was gone according to five people familiar with the matter. Like others interviewed for this article were granted anonymity, although they didn't name those to other two.
The only other people with Biden in the residence when he arose, scary word when you're talking about Biden, Sunday were First Lady Jill Biden and two other trusted aides, Deputy Chief Annie Tomassini and assistant to the First Lady Anthony Bernal.
What about Hunter baby?
The beard, it's all natural. The the powerful chin, the thick neck beard.
You're one of the few people with a strong jawline, Jeff, who has the bravery to still have a neck beard.
When your jawlines is strong, you can just let the neck beard go.
It took a Biden presidency for Americans to win the Street Fighter finals at EVO when that's you're bearing the lead.
We did it finally. EVO 2024 Street Fighter is finally ours. Which version? There's so many versions. The one that matters the most. Damn it.
The announcement which shocked the political world almost immediately flipped the narrative around Biden, his own party after three weeks of deriding him privately as an isolated deluded lion in winter dragging other Democrats down with him.
At least they called him a lion was showing him was showering him with love and tributes praising his record career from public service and a selfless decision.
They said to put his country first. Can we find any clips of people just openly weeping because I'm pretty sure people were and I wanted to show you how insensitive you're being case by implying that he wasn't one of the all time greats pushing for this to happen.
It's kind of like when your grandpa you got to take the keys and everybody you got to take his keys you got to take his keys and you got to put a novel observation.
Everybody's so frustrated and then you finally get the keys back and then you just cry because this is somebody that you love. This is somebody that you care about.
This is somebody who was there for you. This is somebody you wouldn't be here without him and you had to take something from him.
Now this is not look this politics is politics but this is a human for one of the great humans in America. This is a huge moment for him for his family for all of us who love him.
All of us who want him to get across the finish line but if you're a young person watching this like me this is leadership. This is patriotism.
This is what it means to put the country first and put the party first and put the cost first. When your arm gets tired you let somebody else finish pitching the game.
That's what Joe Biden has done and he's done that for all of us. And so I just want to say I don't know who's going to be the VP the non VP.
I don't know anything about politics. I just know that I love this man. I care about this man. It was painful every day to sit up here and talk about him like he's just a.
You know some problem for the party. Wait till we get to the convention. You're going to see people crying.
Already there buddy. He may not convince me to talk for 10 minutes. We finally get a chance to put our arm around this guy.
You did the right thing for this party. All of us are going to be in this situation someday. I hope that we take a moment to honor this man and to love this man.
I love Joe Biden. I appreciate what he's done. And a lot of people are heartbroken today.
He. Oh that was hard to get through. But me and Van Jones are being brave and we're being doing the news anyway. Even though we're so torn up.
Can you imagine being 98 or however old Biden is and being forced to resign your jobs president even though you deserve to do it.
Because remember when they aligned to get Bernie out of the race. He earned it by that happening.
Sorry Jeff is so emotional. We all process grief in different ways. What will. Yeah. You're saying he has to retire. Oh God am I getting a sigh in my eye.
Am I going to weep over Biden. People are saying he has to retire. I say he just transitioned. It's a two different job. You know you're never too late to start a new career.
Exclamation point one through five to vote. We've got Caribou coffee barista mega old person which of course means you're a super pop. You're incredibly old. You're the the dawn of old people.
Janitor Cripkeeper or porno star which is of course the older folks way of saying porn star. That is the official title actually if you're over 80 and doing porn is you're a porno star.
I think Caribou coffee barista could be something he'd really enjoy. But honestly Jack maybe he'd enjoy a little bit of pornography.
Well look I mean he came they implied he was still having active sex with his wife. He doesn't have to necessarily sign with one of the bigger he doesn't have to join brassers.
He could just camp. He could be camp Biden. Can Biden might already be someone in the Biden family. That sounds like a real Biden porno star. Well Mr. President democracy spoken again.
Are you really going to ignore the 15 votes of the people only Joe's only Joe's if you're president you can get your own website only Joe's dot com could be absolutely huge.
Well Hunter already Hunter kind of already.
Cam did out unintentionally but.
Let's see if the lotions working.
Add your lotion. I'll do it myself.
I'll do it myself.
Hunter showed the family legacy. Also I think one of Biden's brothers also had a I think a grinder picture league.
And the general consensus around Biden the Biden family seems to be Hog City.
It's a generational gift. Whatever was going on with Hunter.
Going on at the mall baby.
Joan Lee fan. Joan Lee fans. I prefer that he may be even more.
Peter are you okay.
He's fine.
Well look thank you for covering for me. I was I had to turn off my mic. I was crying a little hard and I thought I'd better move on or.
I'll get back to it. Let's return to the story. We're covering Biden leaving the race.
I need a lower third here just to focus up.
Biden no more time. It's hard to say but we're saying it.
It wasn't that the president grown tired of the drip of defections from within his own party. Although he had brother it was Biden himself was finally convinced of what so many other Democrats had come to believe.
He couldn't win which did seem to be the vibe after he forgot how to speak several times at the debate and then every day after.
But all but when he didn't speak he was one of the best people ever to barely speak in coherent sentences. What a guy. I'm sorry.
You're really feeling this. I'm really just so overwhelmed with how much he accomplished when the campaign commission new battleground polling over the last week.
It was the first time they had done surveys in some key states in more than two months according to two people familiar with surveys.
And that's at least two people that know what surveys are. And the numbers were grim showing Biden just trailing not just trailing all six critical swing states but turning other states into swing states like Virginia New Mexico.
With that knowledge and the awareness that more party leaders including more of his former summit colleagues were going to just be absolute fucking fake friends and just turn on him just because he might not win.
And that made the difficult decision I'm assuming it says to pull out.
A decision any man hates to make senior Biden aides were bracing for former House Speaker Nancy Pelosi who'd worked behind the scenes to encourage others in the party and who was straight up warm tonguing her way back there.
Guiding the party from behind the scenes. Nancy made clear that they could do this the easy way or the hard way. Oh my what was the hard way.
I think that's the most jolly fans and get over $600,000 in tips. Joe has an exclusive contract with America.
Well that's the most. That's the most American sounding one for sure. Brasers who knows what country that's associated with. I think the country of Florida.
And Joe and pulling out of the swing states.
Porno Joe doesn't pull out president Joe had to porno Joe. He can make all that back and then some with Biden vowing in a statement to return to the campaign trial next week.
Some in the party came to believe them what that more direct and public opposition might be on the way.
At least half a dozen House and Senate Democrats including senior lawmakers had planned to call for the president to leave the campaign on Monday and Tuesday according to one lawmaker who had pre drafted a state month.
Think how coherent he'll be with all the blood leaving his brain.
Well look. Stupid dick is not always a bad thing. Yeah sometimes you want that stupid dick.
Or maybe dementia dick sounds a little more depressing. Well but dementia dick is just you know you don't have any control over it.
Brain damage dick.
Maybe nobody's not president. He can you know he won't have to stress his mind out all day long. I do have sympathy for people you know dealing with dementia.
It's the thing I've dealt with personally in my life many times. I mean I might not like Biden much but I do think you know he's an old man who deserves to not have to be president.
Although he was kind of making himself to it. No he was doing it for all of us and also for all of us. He you know.
He.
He Iron Man himself. Oh yeah he snapped for us. He said Kamala and he snapped huge blue explosion and then he dissolved. He's still alive.
He's actually still president. It's actually kind of a crazy move to admit like I can't be president for another four years because of the clear mental decline that you've all seen for over four years.
But especially in the last month anyway I'm still going to be president for another eight. Well sit four five. There we go five. Wait no all the way through January is six ish.
Worrying about covering up alien colonization plans really takes it out of the old fire bag.
At least it means commander won't be in the White House anymore to bite people for disrespecting his daddy. I don't I kind of I kind of love commander just going to be smote on the secret service.
Well he was keeping the secret service sharp because if you can't defend a dog yourself from a dog. Can you defend a president from a weird teenager who seems to want to assassinate both political parties.
Leaders. Great question. Maybe maybe commander just since the failing of the secret service and he was trying to warn us all Kamala commander. Now that's a ticket.
The first dog vice president with that overshadow the first female president.
I think also the first South Asian.
I don't know. You know what I shouldn't say that because I don't know Kamala's specific identities. Identity facts. But I think Kamala would be a number of firsts.
If she gets elected which for the record I probably will make fun of Kamala quite a bit and I don't love her. Any particular amount. But I certainly would vote for over Trump.
Indian yes. Yeah the first Indian president the first black female president and the first. Bratt president. Oh that's a that's a huge one to the first Bratt president.
Well we get it basically his aides. The Biden's aides convinced Joe by showing him polls that everyone else had been seeing for months. One other thing that's basically convinced him that he couldn't win so he dropped out.
Which I guess was hard. It was hard for him. Of course it's hard. It's hard to say.
I don't get to be a big dog anymore. Everybody wants to be big dog even when you've shrunk down to medium sized dog. He had to admit he didn't have that dog in him.
But his dog was currently biting one of his aides.
Biden has aides. Yeah he's got some of the top aides on the planet. You voted against her for senator.
Well everybody's saying she's a cop. But wasn't she a prosecutor. Well she was she called herself the top cop. Well but if she's the top cop.
And that's like she's a super cop. Which is like a Robo cop and everybody loves Robo cop.
You can go to background of traveling and eating ice cream. Yeah if you're a huge fan of the close up shots of Joe Biden eating ice cream then get ready.
I'm going to go on a national tour. Well I guess let's check in with Kamala. Let's see what the Kamala Nation has working up for us.
We already checked in with that Bratz video. For me this is the number one Kamala video because this this is the poetry that is Miss Harris.
And the reason she's already earned my vote is her both her forward and backward thinking at the same time because she's unburdened by the past and focused on what could be and not what has been.
Let's see what she has to say. I can imagine what can be and be unburdened by what has been beautiful. You know what can be unburdened by what has been beautiful.
What can be unburdened by what has been incredible. What can be unburdened by what has been yes what can be unburdened by what has been.
But we, what we can see what we believe can be unburdened tougher than what has been.
What can be.
Unburdened.
Unburdened.
Unburdened.
Oh my!
Beautiful.
What we can see what we believe can be unburdened by what has been.
Oh my God.
Unburdened by what has been.
Yes.
What can be unburdened by what has been.
What can be.
Unburdened.
Even through a mask, Kanye style.
You're wondering, we're not even a fourth through this video.
You won't last four minutes watching this compilation.
Could be.
That's a variation.
That's what could be.
So also the imaginations at play here.
That's what makes her such a maverick.
What can be unburdened by what has been.
What can be unburdened by what has been.
What can be unburdened by what has been.
What can be unburdened by what has been.
Unburdened by what has been believing in what can be.
Ooh, reversed it.
Chopped and screwed.
What can be unburdened by what has been.
What can be unburdened by what has been.
What can be unburdened by what has been.
We gotta watch the whole thing.
What has been what can be.
of respect for the potential future president what can be unburdened by what
has been what can be unburdened. Is that the same? Did she say it twice in the same
speech? Because respect. She knows her catchphrase and she's dropping it.
What could be unburdened by what had been what can be unburdened by what has
been what can be unburdened by what has
What can be unburdened by what has been what can be unburdened by what has been what can be
What should be
What should be burdened by what has been what can be like a variation burdened by what has been what can be
Unburdened by what has been see what can be unburdened by what has been what can be
Unburdened by what has been what can be
be unburdened by what has been. Unburdened by what has been and knowing what can be.
A candle gets it and my son gets it. About what can be unburdened by what has been.
To see what can be unburdened by what has been. What can be unburdened by what has been.
What can be unburdened by what has been. What could be unburdened by what had been.
What can be unburdened by what has been?
What can be unburdened by what has been?
Where we can be unburdened by what has been?
What was possible unburdened by what has been?
What can be unburdened by what has been?
What can be unburdened by what has been?
What can be unburdened by what has been?
We need to hear this.
Chat? You need to hear this.
Unburdened by what has been?
What can be unburdened by what has been?
What can be unburdened by what has been?
What can be unburdened by what has been?
What can be unburdened by what has been?
What can be unburdened by what has been?
That can be unburdened by what has been.
There are those who are unable to see what can be.
But there are many more who are able to see what can be unburdened by what has been.
This guy, it was a little, I was more, you know, I made him think it was longer, so they'd
focus up.
I don't know if that's the strategy.
Some of the chat pointed out all politicians do that.
That is true.
You could put a, I mean the hand of electric compilations is very similar.
Just a talking point that someone decided was worth repeating again and again and
again.
Because a wild one though to decide is worth saying that much.
What don't you like about it?
To me case- I can imagine what- Whoa, whoa, stop.
To me case, you're sounding like you're burdened by what has been.
Well, it's just what was, was her saying what can be unburdened by what has been.
And so you're burdened by what has been said and thus you can be burdened by what
you're currently saying.
No, I'm burdened by the lack of substance in what has been said unburdened is what I
can't be because I'm burdened by what has happened.
What I'm saying is what you need to be is one of those who has been unburdened by
what has been said and now can be.
Okay, therapy is appropriate after all of that.
What can be unburdened, what has been, cheese, what can be done by a kidney stone?
What was what?
Looks like what was what might take it this time.
Well, but what was what has been unburdened by what has been?
Because what was has been unburdened by what has been and now can be.
It's just simple.
This is just simple.
But look, if it doesn't appeal to you, it's because there's some weird leftist dirtbag
type.
In middle America, what can be has- what can be unburdened by what has been
is going on every bumper sticker.
Well, that's not her only classic.
She's kind of a she's kind of a classic machine.
This is the one this one might be even more popular.
And so we got to give it a little little airtime.
You've probably heard it before.
You think you just fell out of a coconut tree?
You exist in the context of all in which you live and what came before you.
I think this might be what America needs right now is just the last lady at the bar.
You know, she's been through it.
The gals all wanted to go home.
She's still there.
And she's talking to the 21 year old bartender who really wants to go home.
And she's talking to the 21 year old bartender who really wants to go home.
She's still there.
And she's talking to the 21 year old bartender who really wants to get home.
And she's just letting him have it.
And sometimes you need fun, clearly depressed and hiding it.
You know, bar lady.
An unburdened coconut.
Well, she's going down with if America was a bar, she'll be the last lady at it.
And it doesn't- I don't care how many of her friends had to go home because they
still have visitation rights with their kids.
She's still there.
The coconut tree has been unburdened by those who fell out of it.
And those who fell out of it, once they hit the ground, if they hold it against the tree,
they're being burdened.
And what they need to do is be unburdened by what was tree.
These are- she's got a lot of great moments.
Let's check this one out.
There's just so many classics here.
That was a short one.
That was a short one.
Is Trump's- Trump's- the thing Trump is going with against her is laughing Kamala?
She does laugh.
I don't think that's one of Trump's best though.
I think he needs a better one than laughing Kamala.
She does laugh.
She laughs.
I mean, in her defense, if I was running for president, people would probably mock
my laugh.
And I would probably do it way too much nervously as I tried to fake my way into the office
being totally unqualified.
Well, yes, you would be a terrible choice.
Let's see what else she's got for us.
I like her laugh too.
This is just her watching a thing.
Oh, the claps are coming in.
Oh, Banzai Bullfrog, thank you so much for the 20 months.
This is- see this is supposed to be her being crazy.
This is literally just her watching some people play music.
I see- that's an example of people just coming after her too hard.
Oh goodness.
Whoa.
What's this one?
What's this one?
I think this is her being iconic.
I love good news.
Love good news.
I just love good news.
I love good news.
This is winning me over.
Yeah, I'm feeling kind of won over by some of these clips.
Oh shit, look at her go in here.
Oh my god.
Just run these as campaign ads.
Oh, damn.
I like to think she wasn't invited to this.
She just kind of walked up.
Oh, baby.
Oh, look at this girl.
This girl's going hard.
That is some strong Kamami energy for sure.
Kamala for Wakanda.
Wait a minute.
And as always, Wakanda forever.
Paid for by Kamala Harris.
Okay, I take it back about not being excited for Kamala.
Officially, I'm on the Kamala train.
I am Kamala-ing out.
I am Kamamid.
I've typed in the Kamami code and I'm ready to go.
You've become unburdened by what has been.
She said it enough times and it worked.
Reverend, well, thank you so much for the 21 months.
You know, there are some less comfortable clips of her talking about policing policies
and stuff, but Wakanda Kamala?
A numbers or six?
There's no telling what Kendall's doing with that number.
Wakanda Kamala.
Kamala forever.
Is there a video of Donald Trump laughing?
Hmm.
Well, speaking of laughs, to shift gears here off our future potential president, Kamami.
The Kamami nation, Brat Nation, forming up.
Trump has to laugh.
Well, look, he might laugh after seeing this.
In case you kind of fancy yourself sort of a stand-up comedian, I'm not a stand-up at all.
Maybe barely a comedian.
Barely a lot of things.
Well, someone's coming for this job that you're claiming to not have.
Here's your doppelganger.
Actually, maybe this is you.
Was this you doing stand-up?
Let's see case doing stand-up.
It is the weirdest thing to me.
Democrats say that it is racist to believe, well, they say it's racist to do anything.
I had a die-of-mountain do yesterday and want to down.
I'm sure they're going to call that racist too, but it's good.
I love you guys.
But...
Ooh, the end there is real rough.
Thank you, guys.
He waited for the applause break.
He waited for the applause break, but he only had one true believer in there.
I think he lost them on diet-mountain-do is good.
That was a mistake.
You're not, you're going to lose your base if you make wild claims like diet-mountain-do is good.
Maybe if he said Code Red, how racist is diet-mountain-do?
That's a very good question.
We need to determine this to determine if it's safe to drink.
I don't think it's safe to drink independently of the racism.
Okay, so far we've got a yes exclamation point.
Oh, if you want to tell us how racist diet-mountain-do is,
we're all about democracy on this channel, which is why we love the news so much.
Huge news guys here.
Mellow Yellow.
Mellow Yellow didn't quite make it in.
It's diet-racism.
Dried drinks are for libs, which I think makes it anti-racist.
No, it makes it reverse-racist.
Oh yes, if it's liberal, it's reverse-racist.
Like a reverse track in Mario Kart, you got to go the other way.
69% or M-word levels.
I think the M-word.
I'm going to watch out for that one. You better.
Oh wait, I better.
Yeah, I blame you.
Well, but I will blame you, and I'm actually more right than you on that one.
Okay, let's see.
Diet-racism is the winner. It's diet-racism.
So if anything, Mr. Vance is going to be disappointed.
He prefers full-throated racism.
Well, he hates to be called that.
But if he's called a diet-racist, then maybe he just thinks that's, you know, good for the old belt buckle.
It's choosing not to drink Baja Blast Mountain-do racist.
Yes, yes, that no poll needed there.
If you're a true ally, you do drink Baja Blast Mountain-do.
Yeah, with no ice.
No ice.
A full-large Taco Bell, iceless Baja Blast Mountain-do is necessary in the diet of any cultural ally.
Baja Blast.
Exactly, Xander.
Okay, well, we'll watch one more Kamala Clip.
This one's a little less fun.
Featuring another politician who's made some political shifts in the last four years.
But people have been throwing this around as an example of how she might not be the strongest candidate for...
Add options now.
Ooh, biggest ally flavor Mountain-do.
There's a lot of Mountain-do flavors.
I know because I've edited Grumps videos where they drink a lot of them.
An expert here in Mountain-do flavors.
Our fearless main host case.
Major Melon.
Not enough people bring up Major Melon.
One of the most allied flavors for sure.
Sweet Lightning White Oats.
And of course, Regular Green.
Is Regular Mountain-do the least, the biggest ally flavor?
Summation point one through five to determine this.
We need to know this because obviously we're going to be drinking Mountain-do.
Sure.
I mean, we're not going to be drinking diet Mountain-do.
We're not monsters.
Well, I'm not JD Vance.
And you're... I'm not JD Vance.
You're sure.
I'm sure.
Major Melon.
Major Melon.
Run to your local grocery store or you're going to have to hit up eBay depending on if it's...
Currently being bottled or not.
Make sure you get your Major Melon in there so that you can...
It's the new in this house.
In this house, we believe.
Get rid of that sign and just leave a six-pack of Major Melon in your yard.
Major Melon is fries, I think.
Real conservatives drink the racks.
Well, I don't know what... I don't know what Miss Gypsy Rose...
I don't know what her political beliefs are.
She's hopefully anti-prison.
Mountain thunder.
Well, anyway, this is Kamala versus Tulsi Gabbard.
People have been spreading this around because they think it's an example of Kamala maybe...
Not being the strongest messenger when it comes to defending herself.
Let's see if we agree, I guess.
Spoiler alert, I'm already...
Don't speak for me.
Spoiler alert, I'm already Kamala-brained. It's too late.
I cannot be convinced otherwise.
Congresswoman Gabbard, you took issue with Senator Harris confronting Vice President...
And also, just like to point out, this is from four years ago.
Who knows how unburdened she is by this now?
We can't judge four years ago Kamala by these standards.
She's literally unburdened by what has been.
Biden, at the last debate, you called it a, quote,
false accusation that Joe Biden is a racist.
What's your response?
I want to bring the conversation back to the broken criminal justice system
that has disproportionately negatively impacted...
Smart from Tulsi there.
She might not be as politically in it as she used to be,
but she totally ignored the question to attack someone.
And that's just smart politics.
...black and brown people all across this country today.
Now, Senator Harris says she's proud of her record as a prosecutor
and that she'll be a prosecutor president,
but I'm deeply concerned about this record.
There are too many examples to cite,
but she put over 1,500 people in jail for marijuana violations
and then laughed about it when she was asked if she ever smoked marijuana.
Oops.
She blocked evidence,
she'd an innocent man from death row until the courts forced her to do so.
What?
She kept people in prison beyond their sentences
to use them as chief labor for the state of California,
and she fought to keep cashed bail system in place.
That impacts poor people.
Just chat.
She's settled out of things,
but I'd like to point out that now most of those things are in the past.
So don't let yourself be too burdened by them.
Well, in the worst kind of way.
Thank you, Congresswoman.
Senator Harris, your response?
As the elected attorney general of California,
I did the work of significantly reforming the criminal justice system
of a state of 40 million people,
which became a national model for the work that needs to be done.
And I am proud of that work.
And I am proud of making a decision to not just give fancy speeches
or be in a legislative body and give speeches on the floor,
but actually doing the work of being in the position
to use the power that I had to reform a system that is badly in need of reform.
That is why we created initiatives that were about re-entering former offenders
and getting them counseling.
It is why, and because I know that criminal justice system is so broken,
that I am an advocate for what needs to be done.
Thank you so much.
I'm so grateful.
I want to bring Congresswoman Gabbard back in.
Your response?
The bottom line is, Senator Harris, when you were in a position to make a difference
and an impact in these people's lives,
you did not, and worst yet, in the case of those who were on death row,
innocent people, you actually blocked evidence from being revealed
that would have freed them until you were forced to do so.
There is no excuse for that.
And the people who suffered under your reign as prosecutor,
She's still talking, sorry.
You owe them an apology.
Tulsi, thank you. Tulsi, thank you.
Please stop.
It's a video.
A video, Jeff.
Well, shoot.
How's she going to withstand all of those Republican attacks on her?
Where they complain about her putting innocent people on death row?
Yeah, I don't...
This is a weird example too that I've seen thrown around attacking Cavala.
I mean, I think those points are totally valid.
I don't think it's really a liability for her in a national election,
even though I think it probably should be.
I don't think Republicans are likely to bring it up.
Maybe Trump would bring up the death row thing,
although Trump in death row is a weird attack to make,
given some of the things he did while leaving office.
So, I don't know.
Kamala hit her with that unburdened catchphrase quick, yeah.
Cheap labor is not a bad idea.
Big J-dub.
I don't know if that's the type of cheap labor you want.
Well, if it's good enough for Kamami.
Case.
Okay, that's...
It's not good to use forced prison labor.
Except we do do that.
We do do that, though.
I do think it's bad, but we do do that.
So, you know, she do that.
What happened to Tulsi Gabbard?
Just don't worry about it.
She was a Democratic candidate,
and then something or other happened.
Oh, okay, great. Something or other.
Well, look, she just hit back with Trump's stance on the Central Park Five.
Well, I mean...
How do you attack Trump again?
You say stuff and he ignores you.
Ah, yes.
Too much surfing or something or other.
I see. Okay.
Is that all you had for me to go through today, Case?
I mean, I don't really have any of this.
We're kind of Googling as we go.
But those are all the Kamala clips
that I've currently pulled up on Twitter.
So maybe that counts as news.
Yeah, I'm pretty sure reading half the story
and watching Kamala clips counts as news.
So sure.
I burped.
Jeff.
Oh, God.
That's one of the laws of newsmen is don't burp.
You just did.
I have to resign.
No, you're not allowed to.
I can't release you from your contract.
What?
I need to commit Nuzuku.
You're not allowed.
My lord is forbidden it.
So I must continue to do the news.
But for today, that's all for me.
Type in that Kamami code,
up, down, down, left, right, unburden.
And get ready for the future, baby.
It's coming.
She's probably going to win.
Impossible to say.
Who knows?
I have no idea.
I hit the wrong button.
Well, anyway, case as usual doesn't know anything,
but now you might know something
because we said stuff that could be construed as news.
And I'm Jeff Ripple.
Exclamation point unburdened.
I might need to make that a command.
Put up a Kamala counter for how unburdened we're getting.
I love to be unburdened, baby.
I feel like I've already heard so much about Biden dropping out
and it has only actually been a day.
Someone was pointing out that, you know,
a week ago Trump almost got assassinated
and now that does...
I guess I did say that I thought it was probably going to become less of a story
quicker than we thought,
but it is funny how quickly that kind of has been
just slurped up by the news gods
and spat out, forgotten.
We got unburdened.
Oh my god, she did it.
I couldn't stop talking about the Trump assassination.
And then Kamala unburdened us
by what had been.
And now we're unburdened.
She's...
She's doing it. Sorry, I fell into some cheese in my throat.
That's what that does.
Yeah, that's what that does.
Is 300 bits Biden also stepping aside for Kamala?
Um...
I don't know.
Can I find a Kamala voice?
That's a good question.
Well, right now Biden's still the president for six more months.
Ish. So I have some time to figure out.
We'll just keep the...
We'll keep the co-side monster pop up.
Whatever is the act of president for now.
Or maybe we keep it Biden forever out of respect.
I mean, this week all I've heard about is how he's one of the most consequential presidents of all time.
So maybe the real consequences, he's forever stuck on this channel.
Trapped.
That's like me!
You could leave if you want, Papito.
Oh, okay. I do do do do.
No, Papito, come back.
Huh?
Oh, you're already back.
Yeah, what was I doing?
Don't worry about it.
Okay.
AI Biden forever.
That is my favorite use of AI.
Well, we did a ton of debating on Saturday.
I don't think of any segment we didn't do.
We do have a new segment. I guess we could try the new segment just for the hell of it so I can get used to doing it
I have to add some more some new summons to let you guys
Hey, you should be able to call for science what you currently can't do and also there's this other weird weird new segment
Yeah, we have an AI Rooney
Go amongst the web we'll do that today
For now for anyone who wasn't here
On Saturday, I guess let's try this jumble is segment
Maybe a I Biden could become a force ghost
He'll become more powerful than we could possibly imagine maybe he already has
Because it already does kind of feel like he's past even though technically he's still president
anyway
look some
Sometimes discourse is actually about locating a liar
You know sourcing for random people and figuring out which one of them is a liar and we now have the power to do that
Pertice of the hottest new segment that Ben has to offer if throw a lot in the pot
And what do you got?
Well, here you go. All right, we have our four experts lined up
Their numbers could be a little fucked up currently, but um, we have our panel of four
So the way this has worked so far well barely worked is that one of these people is a straight-up liar
They're lying about something
And you get to decide what that is chat
For instance, we did cannibals one of these people is a cannibal and lying about it
Give us an option as to what you think
They're lying about today and we'll figure out which one of them is in fact a
terrible fucking liar
Chat, how are you doing? I'm fucking good. It's good to be amongst my stemmed colleagues
One of them is burdened by what has been was that country me I forget
I forget what who this hand has been inside all the time. It's a big hand to
That's lying. He is never good
Who hates Baja blast? I think in honor of Kamami
We'll set the topic today as
Who is
Burdened by what has been it's just that easy
Chat who is burdened by what has been all of these people claimed to be unburdened by what has been
And yet one of them is burdened by what has been
You have to ask them questions to try to figure out who is lying
I'm gonna go ahead and I already know because I'm just that good
I'm gonna go ahead and write who in fact is the burdened one on this piece of paper so that I can't cheat I
Got it and it's going in the code
One of them is the zodiac killer
So three of them are what can or will be that's a great way to think of that three of them can be and but one of them
Is burdened by what has been
The liar will claim that they aren't but you have to ask them questions to try to suss it out
Because one of them has definitely been burdened
Did you just fall out of a coconut tree? That's a great way to start it off chat
Did you just fall out of a coconut tree?
No, I'm a powerful climber
In the course of climbing sometimes you do fall from a tree
I
Have learned how to climb a coconut tree and in the course of that I had fallen on occasion on
A on a trip to Cabo with me and the boys just absolutely blowing it out down there
Just going fucking nuts
It was a frat reunion and all of us climbed a tree the hotel staff did scream at us because they're like not that many
People can be on a tree and we did fall from it. However, I would say we were so unburdened by what has been
We actually screamed at the manager and we all got free my ties out of it
Because in a way it was irresponsible that they didn't have a fence around the coconut tree and we claimed to sweet
We threatened to sue basically so we were fully unburdened in fact rewarded
Okay, more of a story there than I expected. I've actually don't like to be in the sun. I avoid trees like the plague
So
Do I look like I would have fallen out? I just fell out of a coconut tree
No, if anything I'm the closest to a kumami here. All right
Sorry just double-checking
Grandma did you fall out of a coconut tree if I did I would shatter the pieces
This grandma crumble bottom by the way, they know I don't know if they do. I'm a big and I'm big in the influencer community
Got my own jolly fan situation
okay
anyway, if I did I would
Mean I fell I
Wanted to just stepped a little too hard
Down a stair shattered my tibia completely
so
Incredibly brutal bones in here
No, I would die
All right, Tyler. Have you fallen out of a coconut tree dude? I mean, yes
Am I hmm am I currently?
No, I think currently I'm in a dark void. Is that correct?
That's how I feel at least it feels like I'm sitting in a dark void with five other people
I'm pretty sure I'm not falling out of a coconut tree
Okay, that's useful
Chefs wharf's hands are burdened by his old football energy
injury. Yeah, that's your favorite Mountain Dew flavor. Okay
this
Is a big one because we actually have the scientific data
to know
Which flavors are the most burden so you could really give yourself away here?
If you're not careful, so we'll start with you
Lilliana favorite Mountain Dew flavor
Probably rust I can't prove that that's not a flavor actually
You know just a nasty just this kind of a tinny
rotten taste
Are you describing the taste of Mountain Dew or a flavor the flavor of a rust?
Okay
Grandma crumble bottom
high voltage
Absolutely high voltage it tastes like someone cursed the color blue
To
Do damage to your liver permanently?
It's like what I imagine blue poison tastes like which is fun because that's voltage
Okay, Tyler
Favorite flavor probably Diet Coke
Probably Diet Coke man
Diet Coke is a different drink now Diet Coke flavored Mountain Dew
That isn't one
All right, whatever chat favorite flavor classic. I'm a classic man
But with vodka
Classic Mountain Dew and vodka. You know how I fucking do it dude and Jaeger
Jaeger and vodka and maybe you throw in a little bit of gin
Basically a Long Island Mountain Dew a Long Island Mountain Dew is not a thing you combine every liquor you've got
with with one part Mountain Dew and
that's a
long do
That a long okay, well whatever I guess fine I
Thought he said plastic flavored do I mean obviously you're drinking out of a plastic you're drinking out of a solo cup
I'm wasting fucking time washing dishes when I'm getting ripped with my boys
All right, are they going to see Deadpool and Wolverine?
This is another one that could really give you away
Are you burdened by the by what what Marvel has been doing or are you unburdened?
By the team up we've all been waiting for I mean obviously I'm gonna see that dude like rip it and rip it like
The thing is like Wolverine. He's like dude
I like wanted I'm like sad or something but Deadpool's like dude. I know I'm in a movie
Fucking dumb and that shit gets me every time I so get
okay, Chuck
Yes, is the simple answer because
Usually some guy know will be like
I'm going to see this and then you just kind of gotta even if you're not that into it
Someone you know is and that's your force to go
Okay, Liliana. Are you gonna go? I just don't I
Don't know
None of the old guys that I
contracted by
Tentacies that kind of saying I've heard the qualities fallen off
recently and
I don't know. It's just sort of like not a kid anymore
Why would I be going to see kid things? It's like a roller coaster. It's not even real cinema. Oh my gosh, you're gonna
You're gonna upset people by saying stuff like that later on who do you get upset by saying that?
Little babies on the internet. No, you're gonna Liliana. That's how you get a whole flame up after you
Just why because I'm in front of baby movies for babies that's not real cinema
Okay, grandma. Are you gonna see Wolverine verse?
Deadpool deadpool versus Wolverine. I
Mean I found some
Wolverines in my pool that were dead
It's expensive to keep a pool boy around
So a couple Wolverines might get in there and pass
But you know, you can't and that's nature. You can't hold it against them
They like to they like to be in the water, but they're not the strongest swimmers you bury him and you move on
Take that as a yes
Okay, well um
Look, that's three questions. That should be all you need
Let's see if I can uh
Unburden the mods by making this poll who is burdened by what has been
I misspelled burdened
But I was unburdened by the spelling oh the mods repeat me to it perfect
Who is burdened by what has been
We have chat as number one lily on is to grandma crumble bottom is three and Tyler of course is four
Chet any last-minute?
Defenses against yourself. I mean, I'll be real. I just don't think that much
So it'd be hard for me to be burdened like I sort of feel like I'm just a rocket blasting through
Time itself with little thought for the fuel shooting at the back of it
Okay, um, I don't know like
Reckoning with the past isn't necessarily being burdened by it actually in a sense when you confront the past
Especially when it's right in front of you tied up saying I can't drink oil. I just sell it
I'd say you're sort of unburdening Sam by making them feel like the nasty monsters that they are
It's sort of confused by that but I guess that's a no I
Don't remember a lot of stuff and
Does that count and?
What is this?
Okay, that's a great point grandma crumble bottom. I like
Are you been boogie boarding now?
What I
Don't know have you ever been boogie boarding. I just realized I've never been boogie boarding. I should do that
Have you been surfing of course?
But it's different isn't that crazy like two different sports or
What is it when skim boarding oh wait, I have to I've actually done both of those anyway, we should go skim boarding oh
Or we should get hot dogs did the song break the song might have broken
anyway, oh
That's the wrong one
Usually have the suspense song
Number two
Let's go through it and reveal we'll have lily on a reveal last chat. Are you burdened by what has been?
I'm straight kamami coated dude absolutely not
Grandma crumble bottom are you burdened by what has been?
Who?
Okay, that's a no
Tyler are you gonna play the upset here and be burdened by what has been has been I've been called a has been
Various agents. I wasn't trying to be an actor, but I used to get sent on auditions all the time anyway
People just come up to me at coffee passes and be like you should be an actor go back to their place
And then they're like you want to get this role or not
And then you're like I don't even know it's happening and put your pants on there like you has been get out of here
Sounds like you got a little lucky there actually that sounds pretty horrifying. I'm sorry
I went through that and that will be on a means it is you well look what has been can be a lot of fun to play with
so like
I'll say like you know straps that burden on and pound it into them
So you're you're joyously burdened. I'm into being burdened by what has been and if you're into it too I
Don't know hit me up on
Mastodon I
Only use it for dating and it's a very specific types. It's on Zen. That's why I'm on there
Wow, one of the few users of mastodon well there you have it
That's how this weird segment works and Lilliana was in fact burdened by what has been although at least she's celebrating it
Thanks for being here
We finished our jambalaya for the day, but we'll throw in some more ingredients and we'll get back on it next time
because I don't know fuck it. It's a different thing to do on the stream nice
White man's burden great movie
I think I've ever seen that actually we don't need to leave that topic up there burdening us with what has been all this time
Okay, now let's go amongst the net
We're fully warmed up
And ready to watch the internet's hottest videos
Sorry amongst the web I don't know why I keep calling it that
When clearly it's not that it's actually this
We're in the net or internet is something
We're doing the internet we're making love to the internet
We're amongst the web. Yeah, whatever. It's me
That guy that I'm one of the fucking guys
ATW indeed you can submit your ATW videos at the cream dot team go to the back feed section
There's a couple threads and one of them is called amongst the web and people have been doing that and
There's little videos for us to watch
Which I fucking like
Like that you're in support of that. I mean fuck you supported it. It's fun
That's nice. That's great. That is fucking great. You got a problem. No, sorry. There's I don't know why I'm making it sound like there's a problem
There's a certain sarcasm to your voice. Are we okay? I'm just fucking with you
Let's watch people fall down or whatever the fuck is on the internet
You know people getting fucked with getting their fucking hands smashed to bits. What what kind of viral videos are you watching?
You don't have a look up hand smashing on tic-tac. You see people's hands get fucked up. It's not a genre. I'm that familiar with
And I don't think that's what our first video is but here's something from psychor I
Think it's cat related see what's going on
20 months that's what I like to see
Excellent work dank sauce unless you how this cat does
Okay taking the path of least resistance those are his own he's eliminating options. Oh
Easy obviously you can do the 20 cent. All right. Wow seven centimeters not a problem. Oh
My god the 20
Wow
I used to knew God guy who could do that yet in and out of anywhere. I gotta get this cat on my crew. Oh
No failed or I don't think the cardboard was okay. He taped it good. All right. Oh
That's how you break the system, baby. They think they got you trapped
nah
This new sauce Raler is intense
That cat being fucking sawed
I don't think he's being jigsawed. I can't believe they jigsawed that cat. Did he make it out of the trap?
He did make it out of the trap I think
Even but I don't think he was getting jigsawed
A nine point four pretty strong
You never know a couple haters can come pouring in
12.67
Don't know if that I could maybe I should allow the score to go up 20 for no reason it doesn't make it's all an average anyway
So
That's just math Sammy
What's with your tone? Sorry. It's just the way my voice is
8.87
He escaped a matrix somebody call Andrew Tate
Someone's finally done it really quick on the Andrew Tate reference there. What?
He likes the matrix. I can't help it if some guys I that have some disagreeable ideas are fellow fans of the matrix
Okay, let's uh
Check out this one from Florida man
Let's see what this floor look kind of gamer this Florida man is
Oh
Dear lord
He's got the van dam slacks
Let's see that again a real street fighter you can do the moves you can do the chudlees
Oh
Dear lord
Magic pants
Am I allowed to say he has kind of a nice ass
You're allowed to say it I guess
Surprised you would look I'll admit it one another when a fellow guy
Sort of an ass counter sewer. I got an incredibly tight ass myself. It's good to see another fellow out there
Keep it in tight. They used to call me
Uh
They used to call me Sammy three cheeks
That ass was too nice to fit in two
That way they called you then. Yeah
Look chat not on board. I'm saying that ass is at least an eight
but five point nine two
Wouldn't kick that out of bed
And into the evo
What's an evo they're like a Pokemon the gaming
Fighting game the biggest fighting game competition so a Pokemon
Yeah, yeah close enough
This is courtesy alive and sleazy
Let's see what's going on fire. I see so good. Yes. Yes. Yes. Ganga and dream glizzy overdrive
spring fees
Tick-tack, I must stop
But she's hey, thanks for the man. I hate you lie. Thanks for the real hey come. Thank you for the shares
I'm money gun spicy spicy. No. Thank you for the chicken. Thank you for the heartbeat. You're a show
Is this the user spending? He's got the whole world
Oh, is it counting up how much is being spent on each channel? Thank you, Brianna for the follow
game
Welcome, baby. Yeah, I'm glad the rating is covering up so much of this. I'm a fat cow. I got your name
Wow, a lot of gifts for you
Hey, hi. Yes
Why didn't I just watch
Can live and sleazy ban us all that was from live and sleazy
So honestly, yeah, he oh my god. It's the very rare
Wintery midnight. You were too slow
That's a zero. Wow. That's impressive. Good work, everybody. We work together and we let the internet know
That that one's a zero
Oh, I know about on pc tiktok. I just don't think sammy does
I thought that you couldn't be
Not pc on tiktok
No pc there's a no pc section on tiktok
Because I'd love to see some unfiltered takes
It's more. Well, yeah, just look up npc tiktok when you had some free time sammy and report back
To make it money. That's true
I'm surprised it's still that much of a thing
I kind of thought it would I've heard less about it
But I guess they're still probably an act of fan base, but I would be shocked if ice cream's so good. It's still putting up those
2022 2023 numbers, but maybe she is I don't know
Do you love the movie pc you all jeremy piven? What an actor?
that guy
He just makes you feel
When he when he shouts it guys. I'm like, that's how that is
That's how I feel when I shout it guys
jeremy piven
He does shout it people. That's true
That's
Uh-oh we got a hot promo coming in
Hulk Hogan you coward
Check this program. Check out this promo. You think you cut such a good one. Well, let's see your competition
Super stars of the
World wrestling federation is seen here on the superstation
Include of course
Not other than fred blasie the classy fred blasie and a former world heavyweight champion the iron chic for some
For some reason blackjack Mulligan
Certainly does not agree with this man's way of life. I heard him get out here and cusp
The iron chic and myself
We could care less what that fred eater talks about and he's talking about gas. Texas has no gas
Dr. Mulligan, you try to put the mustache to be the man like the orange chic
I haven't used for you in the perigia. We have a perigian cat. They have a mustache like you
That's
Got him
Looking for the dmc
I had all of them only thing I have you don't have I'm the wrestler
camera man zoom the camera to that 52 inch
Chess mr. Jack Mulligan big big
Look at the metal from dawg from texas footer all her
Mr. Jack Mulligan after I take you down. I kicked you just like I
Cheek the lazy chairman
You know, I hate it when a camera man doesn't listen
But he like zoom
Like if I'm like zoom on my nose
We got the best camera man around he managed to zoom in just on me keep the rest of the set the same
You mean he didn't zoom on the 52 inch chest
Yeah, kind of the original hot to it did he say he didn't have olive oil at some some some point there
Think he might have been saying honor
I'm not entirely sure
But I do know that I was terrified for his opponent
However, that is
Could be anybody
Don't get on his fucking bad side. That's what I relate to my opponent could be anyone
Who gets in my fucking way?
Hair trigger and the some of the best hair in the streets
Well triple h fought a young fan. Let's let's stick with wrestling for a second here
We'll rate these next two together
I'll let you rate both at once chat
Because we're sticking with the theme of wrestling for a second
How do I full screen this he's gonna bite him that chair was so loud
That's a young ninja
That was ninja back when he was on twitch and the kid was never seen again, but he went he went out doing what he loved
Biting wrestlers fingers almost didn't quite get him. That's the wrestling portion of this stream. Let's see what it gets
Probably an investor's child. Yeah, probably
They refuse to pick up random children actually now that I say that out loud
Probably for the best. Yeah, I'm gonna go ahead and support not picking up random children
All right, we got three more today
Oh, wait, okay. We have four more today
We've got a super computer from
I think this is from sinister dev
A 7.25 for today's wrestling section of the stream
Let's see what sinister dev has for us
An honest-to-goodness programmer
And this man claims he's honestly good this morning accurate than a computer
They say he is five times more accurate than a computer
If he pulls this off, I will be impressed
Oh, you need to put a little black in
a little more white
No
Oh my god
What's this thing? Oh, he's making that he's making the paint for him. That's crazy
Someone on the internet being good at something
I wasn't ready for it, but I wish you could do that. He's like the little eyedropper tool
I need I'm moving I need this man
An eight? TamTran wasn't that impressed
Well, I mean, look maybe the skill itself is it that big of a crowd pleaser?
It was mostly a crowd pleaser, but all ratings are in fact welcome 9.31
That might be the uh, you're pretty close to that
Can you do that live in sleazy?
I wouldn't put anything past live in sleazy at this point honestly
And this next video is from live in sleazy. Let's get into it
Hey, wait what just happened?
Hey, oh, I didn't even know I didn't quite track. What was that?
What?
You're banned case you're banned for making me click on that
That's actually how I proposed to my wife
But you know
We had a long-standing relationship. She liked those kinds of jokes
That's how you propose to your wife
Yeah, you know, I dropped it
And I was like you picked this up from you. It was the ring
Lifted it up. You picked it up. She said
This is an expensive wedding ring. I just picked up off your boner
I said you're the love of my life
And she said no
Especially she said yes, but she didn't say no that time
That's a five five point oh seven
We got two more
Oh, wow, we got a strong what if coming in
What I'm about to do to your stubborn stop it. Stop it annoying little planet. No, I don't want to show this yet
There we go. Okay. Hmm. This might get me copyright struck
Marvel feels like they might get me. I'm gonna
Scroll forward. So the bit here is I just don't know how much of this I could show
What if Superman showed up at the end of end game? We're gonna only play a minute of it just to be safe
Uh, but just know the context is there was a long mash-up before this and I think this is around where Superman shows up
Well now that you've given away the surprise
Oh shoot the town hall you got to do a town hall after this case
And then he blows them up suddenly a city appeared behind them everybody was there
Haven't you ever asked what if a different super guy showed up at the end?
Or I guess it was a super gale
Yeah, what if instead of a super powered lady it was a it was Superman
The Superman only has laser vision. He doesn't have little laser fissies
That's what I like about captain marvel. She can punch out a laser. Yeah
Superman's got to look at stuff. I don't have to look at everything. I want a laser punch
That's true. He does have to make eye contact if he wants to vaporize someone's head
Okay that
Okay, this is a strong one to end it off on
Christopher Reeve would would have been a 10
I would have preferred the Christopher Reeve Superman most likely although. I like uh, what's Henry Cavill Superman just fine
I don't know if I love those movies, but I think he's a good Superman
Okay, let's let's end with what's got to be a strong contender
We've been talking mountain dew all day
Well, who's the king of mountain dew?
We decide after this
Come on
King of the dew that's the keto at work. Give me
Sorry, man
You okay?
I feel terrible. How much? Oh, no, it's on me, sir. Thank you very much. I bet you like an autograph, huh?
Whatever killed him dead
Yeah, I can't believe it's me either
My god, he's murdering all the cops
He's a walking force of nature. That was terrifying
Are you are you worried about would you be scared to see a Steven Skull in person the amount of crimes that man is foiled
without even meaning to
He's the bad guy to have around your crew for sure
Your crew what's your crew again?
It's usually like
my brother-in-law
couple kids nowadays
Well, we might still commit a crime or two
allegedly
Your brother-in-law and his kids are gonna go commit a crime
Well, those kids are you know that they'll just swipe shit out of a store and you're like
You pay for that Snickers. They're like, fuck you, Sammy
I hate you
what
My brother-in-law's kids fucking hate me
Isn't he helping russia invade ukraine? Well, look, he's a friend to um
North korean russia sometimes he gotta boy. He's gonna be a fake friend and unfriend them too much of that going around
Steven skull keeps some interesting company him and dead with Dennis Rodman
On some classic friendship kicks. Well, look, we had a lot of strong contenders today that paint guy
I think was the top video of the day
By the score unless i'm wrong
And then we had a hot zero
Wait a minute
Uh
Watch out man. There's a guy right behind you. Well, look, that's all the time we have for today
Great to see you guerrilla rock-a-fire guerrilla love coming in to see that guy
The main reason I stick with this job
It's the comrade camaraderie I have with these fucking guerrilla right here. What a guy
It's true. What a guy I have to go try to make a town hall work
Kind of don't remember um
All the programs I was using for that. So let's get out of the webs so I can go attempt to do this
Thanks for all your submissions the cream dot team if you want to put any more videos in amongst the web
I try to watch them all
Um, occasionally if one looks too spicy, I might skip it
But I'm mostly going off the screen frames here. So
Off the thumbnails. Thank you for all the submissions everybody feel free to submit more of course and uh, we'll see you next time we go
amongst these webs
All right, I have to do a little setup
Okay, now I'm remembering this segment
It's been a minute
The town hall's like a weird version of the streets
more or less
In fact, we could technically use the trip queue to do it, but we'll just you can just type questions in chat
I think i'm gonna have to set up for a second here though
Because I've changed some things around that might make this um not work quite as well
Let's get in here so I can check
There's that
Oh, we're also going
Uh, looks like we might be also going to the movies and how-to-ing today
How we do it
We'll figure it out one second
Do-do-do-do-do-do-do
It's everyone's favorite thing me trying to sort out how the stream works
Jesus all right, there we go
This looks about right
I think that's about right
Okay, just have to do one other thing real quick
Geez so many things. Okay almost there
That's okay
Now one other thing
So whoever was asking um
Does this segment still work? The answer was was probably no, but
I appreciate you keeping me on my toes because it should work. I'm trying to fix it real quick. Okay. There's that
All right, that's one down
second
My god
Ha there it is. Okay
This should technically make it work. I think
Jesus, okay
Uh
Boom, let's make sure this is working should fuck with me for just a second
Uh, but pito I need to test something on you now
Okay
Okay, yeah, it worked. Did you even know what I was testing? Nope. You're mostly being quiet and weird
That's true, and it also still might not work what I'm trying to do. So that's exciting
Let's see. Where am I hiding this segment even is the last question
Okay
I also don't I don't someone asked how am I going to do Kamala Harris?
As like an AI thing I don't think I can in good conscience um
Have a Kamala Harris face
So I think today we'll have to talk to biden
Maybe long term. We'll see who his vice who her vice president is or
What the deal is but we might have to have a Kamala Harris surrogate. Yeah, I think I might skip that one
Depending on her vice president pick though. I could potentially interview or be him
Choose these words carefully. Yeah
Definitely if I have a guest especially fee
Maybe I could make her pick Kamala Kamala could have a great
I don't know
Gen Z Kamala
Or Kendall
That might also be touchy actually
They're asking if you would be Kamala Harris. I'm saying that might not be in Kendall's best interest either
You know, I might be unburdened by what has been but the culture at large still carries some
Signifier burdens. I would say that might make that in portais. It's true. Fiona fans anybody. She can just fleet of France
She can't be stopped. Okay. Let's see. There's that
That sorry. There's so much setup for this. Um
I'm realizing how not set up this town hall thing is
And also all of this setup probably won't be worth it, but that's not gonna stop us from doing it
Okay, there's that
There's that let's go talk to Biden. He hasn't made any public appearances. So I'm sure we all have a lot of questions for him
So many questions for the president
I also might
I don't know if he's even gonna be we'll see how the president's voice is lining up with this. It might not be the most um
He's got COVID so his mouth might not be quite working, right?
Yeah, yesterday was Fiona's birthday. I saw some people wishing her happy birthday online
I'm not quite sure what Fiona got up to for her birthday, but uh
I hope she had a great one
I'm sure I'll see her soon
Yeah, five Biden has been slightly unburdened
By what his campaign had done
Let's uh, let's actually let papito briefly do papito's biden impression
See how it's lining up
For papito over here
We're gonna have the papito biden impression
When I do my biden impression it actually happens twice
Just so you know I do my normal biden impression and then I do uh the
Um ventriloquist version of it
I'm just that good
So let's see how my biden impressions lining up, baby. Hey, it's me biden
Hey, it's me biden
I'm Joe Biden
I'm Joe Biden
It mines a little high
It mines a little high everyone it's me Joe Biden
Everyone it's me Joe Biden
It's me Joe Biden
It's me Joe Biden
La la la la
Well, la la la la
I think it needs more I think my my my ventriloquism needs more um delay
Very perceptive papito
What a system what a system this is
Okay, but now that it's all set up it shouldn't take me long
Do do do do do do do do
Okay
We're just gonna we're gonna eyeball it and it'll probably still be off
But we're just gonna go do this in the interest of time
We'll just go to it anyway
Okay, let's set it over to the town hall
For it to probably just totally break
But that's on me for not keeping up with it because it's important to ask
Ask our officials the questions that are on Oliver minds and that's why we have a town hall. Let's go to it
Okay, now this should be
I think
Hopefully lined up
Uh, hopefully let me know if my mouth is just way off, but
I think it might be synced up now
at
Can you hear me jack?
I'm synced that's fantastic news
It's all gonna be worth it
Um, okay
You know what I just realized there's one other hurdle here
Because of the way I was doing this before
I think I'll just I'll just I'll ask your questions today chat instead of cutting to the uh
Town hall audience to ask your questions
We'll just have me do it
We will do it live
Let's also just know that in the wide my hair doesn't look great
It's just the camera playing tricks on you. Let me see if the white even works. All right, listen up jack. Can you only even hear me?
Yeah, it looks like y'all
It was like yo get you can hear
You can hear me
I just see everybody a lot of
about uh premeditated but did about my supposed demuths
But I'm back. I'm stronger than ever and you got any questions for me jack
Don't be a clamble band
Just give me
Question up on my god. Give me a question boy
You're my little teacher man, and I got a multiple choice. The answer is
We're doing it. Uh, who is jackie? Who is jackie?
Who is jackie is jackie?
The fair question is fair question. I think
It's like panic and try to fix two more things. Okay. There we go. There we go
I'm mr. President. Who is jackie coming live from our audience from our audience
I guess I said scoot over there. I said scoot over there. What's it up? Uh jackie is
Name of
a beautiful
Parker spaniel
And I used to have as a lawyer every day I'd bring my lawyer a little treats. I'd say
Who's the best little lawyer jackie and they
And they all knew
And we all knew you can hear by it in copying you're buying and copying me
Oh, no. Oh, no
Not intentional not intentional. Okay. We're I'm also remembering what all these buttons do for anyone wondering what's happening
I made this really complicated
Okay, sick now. We can take this question. Now. We can take this question. Um, I'm duggy. Sorry. Uh, there's a this christmas from
Dougie slimer. Dougie slimer with a daily go with a daily go. Normally I would cut to Dougie
But the sake of you all having to watch me and it's 30 more things really quick
I'm really quick. Um, if miss Harris gave the president some
Dougie slimer from the daily goon from the daily goon
Oh, will she have the hottest feet any president of any president and saw the others had gross man's feet gross man's feet
The people are dying to the people are dying to know
Okay, now I see what you guys are talking about
President is playing simon says with me
He's I've I've uh, I gave him a stern look and it appears that he now won't
So uh with any luck now, you're not hearing the president copy me
Every single word I'm saying
Listen, I I just people say I don't even know
Who's saying what anymore? Well, what just said to do because I'm pretty sure I just spoke
Are really the business of other issues. Look, this is this is going perfect
This is going to the best better than any press conference I've given recently
and uh, and I want to thank all you for
believing
And now that you all can believe and hear me all I'm ready to answer the question
So they asked if miss Harris has the hottest feet of any president will look
I picked her it's the best decision I made
Because honestly sometimes she wears the kind of heels where that you can see the toes and it was such relief
I have someone by my side with with little piggies looking that nice
She now ever spares using the finest polishes on her little twinkle on her little twinkle tippies
and
Oh, that's why I'm not ashamed to say that she's
my boss
and and
Sometimes you got to promote
Your your your your biggest foot queen to be the number one foot king
and I am
The king of the foot clan now and she was the queen but now she's the shredder
And we're shredding the competition and I rest my case
That's my name. That's fun
Okay, biden sounds great today actually I think
Not mentally fit enough to make decisions. Also, I come I nominate kamala. Okay
Well, how about that people are saying you're not mentally fit biden
How do we know that nominating kamala is a mentally fit decision?
Listen, uh, people say I'm not fit. I did 40
I
Did a put I did four
I did a fifth of vector while doing push-ups dare me to drive
Listen jack
I wasn't slurping on absolute stupidity. It was absolute clarity
And that's the sort of coconut tree that I cracked open
And I found this Harris in there. You ever play the dark souls
DLC
Where you go into the end of the city and you find an egg
And that eggs busted is being held by a lovely lady
Well, that lovely lady is the kamala to me and the coconut trees the knowledge that I that she cracked and it reset the whole city
And that I had to fight the the boss and he had an unfair move set
But that's what we do every day means we put it we tackle that boss with that unfair move set
And we don't complain we say get good and I got the goodest of all and maybe I have covered bum pretty far away from everybody
and that's
Um
I shouldn't have said that man. I'm sorry man. I shouldn't have said that man. I'm sorry
I'm so sorry man. I shouldn't have said that I wasn't offended by any of that mr. president, but
It's important to apologize just to cover your tracks
That's when I both know that does biden have a wiki feet
And do you know what wiki feet is?
I've seen the star wars christmas special
And I I've always wondered why those mookies don't wear shoes
But they definitely have feet. I'll tell you that much big fuzzy boys and they walk all around in them
I guess if we all were furry enough, we wouldn't wear shoes
And that's a thought I've had every time I watched sci-fi
Huckermore aliens think god blew his shoes on
And I understand why people are concerned about feet
Because sometimes I forget I got mine. I looked down just to check
And they're still there some big jokes on you because I got as much feet as I've ever had
And they're and they're standing they're standing up for me because they're under my legs
And that's
We've named anybody who also has feet name any other president
Go call manuel macron and ask him about manual macron in space
And also ask him about micro machines and he'll tell you that I got feet
And I still do i'm still sharp. I'm right and guide this country for the next six years until january
And I can't wait for kamala to get around tv show as we've had fun online
Okay, but he's enjoying his tv show
um
Ha ha ha i'm voting for joe
dare me to drive biden
Okay, that's that's just someone letting you know that they still have your support
Technically people could still vote for you if they just write your name in you can still have a write-in campaign for president
Mr. President does biden believe in jeremy pivens power to become a vice president
Have you seen the entourage show? Have you seen the movie?
and um
Do you think do you think jeremy piven would be a good vp choice?
Hey, roger to keep me on my toes by asking me the triple dog question about the jp aka jeremy piven
Well, listen, I called me up man. I he said uh
He said I ain't no arry
What are you ready?
Because i'm i'm coming in to be your vice president
What kamala's got to be president now at least that's my understanding
So as president i'm gonna need a new vice president and that's why in my vice presidential election to be by
Vice president for the next six months i'm proud to announce today that i'm officially nominating jeremy piven to run against kamala
As my vice president to be my vice president right now
And i've been informed
That this
and that he is
And that then that we got the movie
We got the movie and he is the vice president
And my office will be releasing a statement after this to deny everything I said
So just know
All right, let's just take two more
Let's take two more pressing questions. Did he step on?
Uh macrons micros have you stepped on macrons micros? What are macrons micros?
Who is macron?
And do you mean someone else? Listen, I've chomped on a lot of macrons some of them were big some of them were low
You can't be so you you can't me pick you and
When your cousin's farm is making macrons they're growing macrons in the field
And you're macroning all day long you're singing while you're while you're in the dull dusty barn and
You're making you're making a macron farm
And there's little macrons. There's big ones you eat them all
You eat every single macron you can get your hands on because you know all the way's food
That's how this country used to run your grandma would make a whole cake. You eat the whole cake even if
Because otherwise everybody's gonna get june fever
and then
And that's what a bunch of mosquitoes buzz around your head and they but they don't even suck your blood because your blood's too thin
And you've had two you haven't had enough sweets
So to answer your question
Listen, I love the french. I've got an incredible relationship
with
every french
We off with frenchie from the boys
And that actor got i've seen that show i like i like how it ended
I like when they tore that lady in half
Got nice stood up out of my chair. I said that's how you do it
good job bowser
or um bumble bog bullfrog
Bulldog the main guy bulldog
The main guy bulldog in the in the boys in the ante tears the mothie he tears that mothie daemon half
And look I can say that because I support women and I also support them being the villains sometimes and sometimes they got to be
They got to be ripped in half by centenicals and sometimes they got to be vice president
That's what this country's all about
And we're doing that. We're doing that right now
And I'm not and I'll be here. I'm not going anywhere
Hmm, that's a relief and one one more
And thank you for your candid today mr. President. I know people have been worried about
They've been worried about you so it's just a relief to see you and
Back in your usual form
Um
Do you support the soups you've claimed to have seen the boys
But well, do you support the soups I don't more than see the boys. I'm hanging with the boys
I'm hanging with the boy ois
And I look we got to be there for each other
That's country is in a boat
Who's that who's a guy
Who's a little lady with delicate fingers?
How to fingers you warm kiss hello miss
It's about everybody man and the boys are here the girls are here
The girls are the girls were just behind me and the soups
I drink every one of them never say no to a soup. You're on the soup farm
You're on the soup farm. You're at your your your uncle's soup farm
That's the old bar and filled with soup
Back in the day
We didn't waste that stuff man. We you had a big old box of soup
You'd poke a hole in the side it's slurped on every cubic meter of that soup until your stomach was distended
You know till you had a big
Bulb is belly like one piece loofy after eating too much meat
You your old family sleeping on each other
Sleeping sleeping back to stomach every big stack of people with the person with the biggest bellies at the bottom
Because they're like a big water bed and your family stacked like a bologna sandwich
Everybody got a big bulbous one piece loofy stomach from eating too much. You sleep on each other's water bed bellies
That's how you'd stay warm at night. You didn't even need blankets the guy on top
Use your blanket the guy below you
That's your bed
Everybody's stuffed with soup
We can get back there. We've been there and under my leadership. We've done that
And however, and you know the tides might be changing, but I'm still your president
Just know that I'll be here in a sharp as and and I'll be as sharp as a tic-tac
I'll be as sharp as a tic-tac though and x marks
Well, I for one am just really relieved to see you back and um
Thanks so much, mr. President
Any other thing you want to say to assure the nation before we get out of here? I'm a shirk
I'm a
I'm sure I'm wearing a shirt
We're in a tie too. I tied it myself real tight
Okay to me, that's good. You don't want to get too much air in the old brain
Everybody's so busy slipping down air into their brain not a contrived tight tight
My tight tight good and tight tight pod and I had some of those too
So just remember
Hang with those boys hang with those girls
Get the butcher dog to come down give you a good ol' tentacle hug and it's now over too late
for the season to have a good finale
good finale, and we finalize those plans and we'll finally be back.
And I am still president and I'm proud to announce that I'm running again in 2028,
taking four years off to have a siesta, go to French to eat some McRonies.
But once I'm full of that soupy juice and I've had enough cheese,
I'll be back on top.
That's beautiful.
I'm glad Biden 2028.
It's the midseason twist we all need.
So whoever asked if that segment still works, the answer was,
I don't think it ever did, but it's still there.
And now it's set up to be there again at your command,
although I do have to figure out how to get the audience back.
Just got to figure out the audience.
I do need to go to therapy.
I also, I think I have to do a how to and actually the movies thing just triggered
for some reason too.
Some of my graphics are betraying me.
So we'll go to therapy, then we'll learn our way out of the stream for the day.
I think I'll go ahead and turn off the segment requests actually.
Should be a thing I can do.
Yeah.
Boom.
We'll turn those off for the day because I think I will have to go after those two.
And that way you guys don't have to waste your sweet, sweet points.
Anyway, Pepito, I got to walk to therapy really quick auto turning off after four requests is smart.
And I can actually definitely set that up.
So good call.
I've been sleazy.
Let's set it over to therapy.
You know, just a hang out with Jeff for a second while I walk over to the therapist's office.
He's actually moved in just across the hall.
So it's faster than I'm.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
What do you want me to do?
I didn't get what he asked, but I'm just gonna I'll be on here.
So do to do to do to do to do to do.
Yeah.
Anyway, who's running for what?
And what's a president?
I don't have to care.
You don't.
I tell humans you don't have to care either.
Does it affect your life?
I asked them all the time.
They can't explain it to me because I'm a dog.
So even if they were making sense, I wouldn't go out there saying,
but I also feel like a lot of people are worried about politics.
And but they can't explain to me what it does to them.
So I don't even get it.
But I do get what she says.
And I've had plenty of that.
So who needs therapy now is the question.
You do.
And now we're sending it over there.
Because Casey is telling me that I guess he's ready.
So here he is.
That's him.
Cut over the way I thought it would.
This news is a fine line between genius and buffoonery.
I we're probably we're pretty squarely on one side of that line.
And I'll let you guess which Kamala is cheese.
So vote for cheese.
Oh, hi, Dr. Jaff.
Sorry, I didn't even say hi.
Kamala is not cheese.
I don't think.
How are you JD?
You know what you look like JD.
I guess you look a lot smoother than JD.
If you mean me, I'm fine.
This news is fine line between genius and buffoonery.
I already said that.
Do you know the muffin man?
I buy muffins from the coffee place across the street sometimes.
But honestly, most of the employees are female.
So what?
So you got a problem with that?
No, you look like JD.
I know I do.
But not that much.
Does Mountain Dew lower your sperm count?
Have you been drinking Mountain Dew?
I'm probably honestly, I guess would be yes.
I suspect a lot of sodas are pretty bad for you.
I drink them myself.
But I'm trying to get as much sperm out of me as I can.
So I'm fine with it.
Does Mountain Dew lower your sperm?
You just asked that.
Who is JD to you?
JD Vance is the Republican vice presidential candidate.
And in my opinion, kind of a cultural fraud with terrible values.
JD Pritzker is a big old Chicago billionaire.
Well, Illinois billionaire.
Who could be one of the vice presidential candidates too?
We could have a JD versus JD.
Who's JD?
It's Kamala time, baby.
I'm glad that you're joining the Kamami train.
I'm glad that you've unlocked the Kamami code,
much like us here at Barely Informed News.
How many chucks can a woodchuck chuck?
Three.
Why are you trying to get so much sperm out of you?
Well, I'm only partial.
I'm just saying being less virile and reducing the risk of pregnancy
sounds like a positive to me.
Although there's probably other health risks associated with your sperm count lowering
that maybe I'm not taking into account.
Maybe what I need to do is tan my asshole to up my sperm count.
What that therapy do?
Isn't that more of a question for you?
What does it do?
Still hanging out with that gummy bear that called his friends colored bears?
I do not stand by the statements of that bear.
And I think he could stand to control his language a little bit better,
even though the bears are of a variety of colors behind him.
The newscast definitely lowers your sperm count.
Well, then I'm dropping it by two hours, three to four to zero times a week.
What 90s band should the Democratic convention use to counter Kid Rock?
Fred Durst.
It's not going to be the most popular option.
But I think it sends a strong message that if you can get Limp Biscuit to go blue,
despite him always wearing the red fitted cap, it's just, you know,
it's the kinetic poetry of the moment.
JD from Scrubs, that's a different JD.
I'd say a more likeable JD.
I think Trump should have considered going with JD from Scrubs.
I brought my girlfriend a therapy.
Is that okay?
Country bear is y'all.
He was a country gummy bear.
Does Steven Stegall lower your sperm count?
I don't know.
He definitely would say it raises it, but he's not really qualified, I think, to teach anything.
You know, he claimed to be in the CIA.
How far did you fall from a coconut tree?
Well, I'd say to even claim to have fallen from it, I think you need to be at least two feet up the coconut tree.
Otherwise you were more clinging to a coconut tree and slipped.
Teach me how to kiss.
Just don't get in your head about it.
It's my only advice.
Don't get in your head and try to, you know, do what feels good.
Have you been coconut-pilled?
No, I've been kamami-coded, which I've decided is my term for voting for Kamala.
Though I can see how coconut-pilled does sound better.
Steven Stegall's reggae song, Strut, increases sperm count.
Do you have any figures to back that up?
Shumbulwumba.
That's your figure?
Will the late great Hannibal Lecter endorse Harris?
You know, that's not a bad Harris campaign ad.
You get Anthony Hopkins, who is still alive, I'm pretty sure.
You have him do the Hannibal Lecter.
Actually, now that I say it out loud, that's not a good campaign ad.
You're leaving? Kendall's leaving.
Going back to the mall? Kendall's going to the mall with her sister.
How much do you think people spend on F.J. Biden merch?
F.J. Biden.
It's got to be at least like millions of dollars, right?
Because he's pretty famous.
Weird conservatives will, that are kind of obsessed with that as their identity,
will buy almost anything, so.
Probably millions.
Oh yeah. Oh yeah.
What's that?
He might be hung up.
My girlfriend brought her keys over to your therapy office.
Camalagasm. How does that make you feel?
Camalagasm?
I'm Camalagaziming.
See ya, Kendall.
Yeah. Back in a couple hours?
Nice. I think it lowered my sperm count to answer the Camalagasm question.
Is Tyler in the coconut tree with us now?
I could see it.
I mean, he'd be at danger of falling at any moment,
but I could see him being up there.
Steven Segal teaches Putin now, I think.
Well, cultural differences.
We'll chalk it up to that. Burgers.
He teaches him how to burger?
Is your gucciangri?
Um, I don't think so.
It doesn't feel that way.
That's not how it feels.
Trojans or sheepskin condoms.
I think trojans.
Although there might be a sheepskin brand of trojans.
I don't know if I've ever actually seen a sheepskin condom.
I don't think I've ever looked for one, but I actually,
I've seen them in movies.
Did Bill regret pissing his pants before going out in public?
Yes. Everyone mocked him.
Hadouken.
Okay, there was nothing. Kendall, no.
She already left.
Enjoy the 90s. Fuckabogic!
Uh, technically that's a 90s saying,
but twisted.
Fuckabogic, I think technically a 2024 saying.
At least that's the first time I heard it.
She's going to get Mountain Dew.
Well, we better hope it's the right brand.
Because if it's a diet Mountain Dew, then we're all racist.
The mall?
From what Pandora jewelry?
Um, I should text her and make sure she hits up Pandora jewelry,
because she's going for jeans, but it's a perfect opportunity
to get some Pandora jewelry.
Is our next VP Heywood jablomi?
Heywood jablomi high school.
Those kids could use a win.
How do you feel about Kendall leaving you?
It hurts every time.
But maybe if I apologize enough, she'll return.
Do you also like to shop at the mall?
Honestly, no.
I kind of hate going to the mall.
Will Smith slap Chris Rock?
Did you just see that?
That was a while ago.
That was a good amount of time ago.
Steven Seagal teaches Putin.
You say that enough times, it sounds like he's teaching him
teaching someone something else.
Steven Seagal teaches Putin.
Ribbed or non-ribbed?
I'm asking the questions now.
Case Raw Dogs confirmed.
Just because I asked the question, if your face burned up in a fire,
whose face would you want to steal?
Mmm, Bill's.
Because I'd really fuck with Bill.
I got his face now.
It's on my weird body.
My big body, Bill's long face.
It looks so fucked up.
Bill will hate that.
Comeha meha.
Harris?
Comeha meha.
That's for free.
Harris campaign.
There is no such thing as Makra.
Okay, well look, I think it's about all the time we have.
So thank you for seeing me on short notice as always, Dr. Chath.
Trump assassins real good all along was to break up Tenacious D.
Damn, he did do that.
That's kind of the only target he hit.
And he hit it from thousands of miles away in the future.
Unburdened.
That's the way we get them back together.
Can Kamala Harris heal Tenacious D by unburdening them
from what Kyle Gass may have said?
But what can be is a Tenacious D movie too.
Why do you crave validation using Beyblades?
I hit the wrong button.
What does that answer your question?
Beyblade burst.
I could have said it better myself.
Thanks so much for seeing me again on such short notice.
You know, I'll be back for my regularly scheduled session,
which is, you know, we do it like once every month or several times a week.
You know, the usual schedule.
I'll see you in a bit.
All music sounds like nothing.
This is just like super low-pitched groaning to me.
To me, it sounds like this.
How are dogs here all of your precious music?
So just know it's not that good.
Damn, you don't even like the Beyblade burst song?
I mean, I can figure out that it slaps from vibes.
I'm just saying how it sounds to me. Crazy.
I really just wanted to see if Dr. Chatham say there's no such thing as Makra.
Is that a Dr. Hulan? Who's Makra?
I actually don't know that one.
I've only seen half of the newer Dr. Hoos, so I'm not as up on my Dr. Hoos as I should be.
The newer being ones after like 2002.
The 2000 Ennis?
Lupito, do you watch Dr. Who?
I don't know who that is.
Have anybody ever made that joke before?
No, you're the first. You're at least the first dog to.
Nice. But yeah, I'm a big fan.
Oh, what? Okay.
Yeah, I don't know.
Alright, let's learn how to.
And then let's get out of here for the day. Let's see what Jeb's up to.
And then we'll see you tonight, I think around 8?
8 P.T. will be doing call-cast.
So I'm going to try to get a little break in before we attempt the call-in stream.
844721-CAS, or is it 271?
I should actually know that.
How do I find out?
After editing all those videos, I still can't remember which is which.
There's a slight delay.
I think there's always a little bit of a delay on me.
So that might just be that.
Sometimes my stream just has a slight lag on the audio.
844721-CAS, there we go.
So at 8 o'clock, I'll be over on CASIM's channel.
Doing the call-in show. Feel free to call in.
I'm guessing we'll be talking once again about Joe Biden and or presidential politics.
844QB1-CAS.
Yeah, quarter bottom.
But I also don't know. Maybe CAS will want to talk about something else.
Maybe we'll just talk about relationships. Maybe we'll try to love-line it.
We'll see. But for now, that's at 8.
So for now, let's go over to Jeb to learn how to do various things.
Maybe we can learn how to call into a call-in show. Who knows?
Sky's the limit. It's time to learn.
Hi everybody. I got my glasses on.
Good to see everyone.
It's me, Jeb. Great to learn again.
And of course, my dad is here. He is trapped in the wood.
Go!
Hello son. I'm in the wood. You sure are. I know.
Wait, I am. No, you just knew it.
Oh, okay. Great.
Well, he's trapped in the wood, but we're un-trapped, un-burdened, you could say, by knowledge.
And that's why we need to trap ourselves with some learning.
The trap of knowledge must close around us, encasing us in a sweet cocoon of thought.
Whoa, how to put on a condom with your mouth?
Let me just scroll through this and see how graphic it gets.
Whoa! I can't show this. I can't- I actually can't show this.
I think it's too risky.
Even though I'm tempted, live and sleazy.
I'm pretty sure someone sucking a dildo has got to be against TOS, right?
Someone fully deep-throating a dildo, even if it's on YouTube.
Or is that allowed because it's learning?
She did not use a banana.
From what I can tell, she's using a legitimate penis-shaped toy.
I have to stop at a point. I think I have to stop at the point where everyone wants to see.
I think I have to stop at the main event.
Sort of like Night 2 WrestleMania, you just cut the Cody match.
You know, instead we're going to learn how to smile for camera.
I don't think I've ever gotten a lot. I feel like I'm getting there.
But let's learn from a pro.
I've kind of been doing some solo practice and I'd love to have a master to teach me.
Teach me, Senpai.
So let's see how to smile for camera.
And I'll have to save that other video for private times. Okay.
My name is Anthony Maddoloni, and I'm going to talk about how to smile for the camera.
One way that I get people to smile for my camera when I'm photographing is I try to tell them to do something.
Oh, I gotta get other people.
It genuinely makes them happy. It sounds a little corny and cheesy.
Wait a minute.
If you really think about it.
I look so much better than this guy.
Look, I don't usually like to get a look, but I'm just saying like,
Ooh!
I look so handsome comparatively.
Not to toot my own horn.
You look the fucking same, son.
That doesn't look like jet.
It does not look like jet.
I'm not trying to be mean, but jet.
Oh, boy.
You should see how jet looks.
Not like that.
Yeah, jet and I are both way more handsome than this guy.
This guy looks fine.
But he does look exactly like you.
If anything, he looks a little more handsome, jet.
Let's learn how to smile.
Just think about something that's going to make you happy.
It could be your kids.
It could be your wife, your girlfriend, your husband.
That vacation you've been saving for that you're going to go on in a few months.
I mean, if you really think about it, there are plenty of things that really do make us happy.
Yeah.
If you take the photographer out of the, just put yourself in a happy place.
You're going to smile and it's going to make you take a nice picture
and the photographer happy that he or she did a good job.
So it's one of the main ways I try to think,
how do I make myself smile for the camera?
The other is to relax.
If you really think about it, a good picture is over in very little time.
Oh yeah.
So just do it and then make a nice smile and it'll all be over with.
But remember, just to relax.
It's really not that hard.
That is how I would smile for the camera.
Wait, you or someone else?
Is it me or somebody who is always saying that take the advice he uses
for other people and apply it to yourself?
Well, first let's see if I can do it for someone else.
Hey, Dad, you're not in the wood.
Oh my God, I'm not.
Wait, I am.
Yeah, but I got you for a second there.
That was a smile.
Oh.
Oh.
Who doesn't look that good now?
What did I do?
Oh, I forgot you don't really have a memory.
Oh my God, I'm in the, yeah, the wood, the wood, the wood.
Oh, yeah, but it's fine though.
It's fine.
Okay, that makes me smile.
I did it again.
Okay, now I just have to do it for myself.
I just got to relax.
Okay, great.
Anybody want to buy some wood?
You ever considered selling me?
Hmm, I just mean, you know, you could sell me sort of as just wood to someone else.
In case you need the money, I'm just thinking of you, son.
No, I'm doing fine, Dad.
Don't worry.
Okay.
Just an option if you're ever hard up, you could just even throw me away if I'm taking up too much space.
I'm with my wife.
Well, let's see what else is, um, how to face dance.
That's fun.
That's like smiling.
Brian B. and Cardi, I know this guy.
I know Brian B. and Cardi.
Well, Case does.
Yeah.
I'm aware of who Case knows.
What?
Anyway, Case knows this guy.
He's a good guy.
Yeah, he is a good guy.
How do you know?
Well, I'm a spirit.
I can sense the inherent goodness of people from a mile away,
which is why I'd love to reiterate if you just want to sell me or throw me away.
I'm fine with that.
Thinking of you, son, because I'm so good.
And you're, and I definitely don't see any oras coming off you.
Yeah, great.
Okay.
Well, I'm not going to though, because you're my daddy and now you're in the
wooden, that's good.
Let's see what Brian has to say.
What's up, N and K?
Brian coming at you here, recorded from Los Angeles, California.
Oh.
Letting seasons coming up all year round.
And you guys know what that means.
A little slurp, slurp, and a little twerk, twerk.
Yeah.
I'm getting tons of requests on how to do a couple of my favorite dances.
How to cat daddy, how to walk it out, how to make daddy roast.
But I'm going to be honest with you guys.
The body is important when it comes to dancing for sure.
Yeah.
That doesn't mean you can't leave out the most important part.
I'm talking about your face, boys.
I'm going to run you guys through a couple tunes so that when other
people on the dance floor try to drop the booty, you guys are dropping jaws.
All right, guys, this first tune up, try not to recognize it.
It's a good example of a high energy beat.
We'll get this one going.
Show me how to do it, boss.
Here we go.
I'm trying to loosen up my jaw to do this.
All right, guys, this next one will be slowing things down a little bit.
So then when you're on the dance floor, you can be getting cheek to cheek.
Well, you know, you get cheek to cheek.
All right, guys, here we go.
Oh, how does he, he's dancing so well with his face?
Let's somebody though.
This last tune won't be the last tool you'll need in your belt if you guys know what I mean.
Oh, it's slow dance time and your hips and lips are gone.
Here we go, boys.
Oh God, I'm going to get emotional.
Wow, he's really capturing it.
All right, Nick and Kevin, this detailed step by step tutorial should pretty much cover everything.
You'll need to be moving and grooving this summer.
Yeah, you do have any other questions.
Feel free to comment liberally on this video.
I'll make sure to delete every comment that I see on here.
You do have any urgent dance questions?
Well, does he really want you to just come find me on the dance floor?
Oh, we're getting this little bonus here.
Oh, okay. Yeah.
Wow. He was good.
I'll go ahead and comment. Please don't delete me.
I learned so much.
We'll just see if that stays.
That's from nine years ago.
That video is from nine years ago.
Oh, sorry.
I've had I saw the park for about a moment.
Now I can hear the park.
That's exciting.
Okay, well, I guess I need to try that.
What are you going to try?
I need a song.
Let me just see if I can learn to dance.
Okay, let me try this.
Let me just play a song.
I'll try to dance.
Okay, how is that?
I don't think you got it quite yet, son.
It's going to need a little more practice.
Okay, well, let's watch one more because K-Stone's have to go.
But I'll work on that independently, I guess.
Mission Minions Lipstick Tutorial.
Wow, I could have lipstick like a minion?
I don't even know how that looks.
Let's give it a shot.
Hi guys, welcome back to Adelaide's Makeup Tutorial Channel.
So if you are a fan of the weird looks that I upload on my channel,
then chances are you've probably heard of an incredibly talented makeup artist
named Laura Jenkinson.
If you haven't heard of that, you should definitely go and check her out.
So Laura creates these really cool lip looks on herself,
which are inspired by cartoon characters.
And so in celebration of the release of the Minions movie,
I decided to do a recreation of one of her looks, which was a minion.
So let's get started.
Okay, so first I'm taking my yellow face paint from Snazzaroo
and I'm spritzing it with a little bit of water to activate it.
Why does it have Kendall do this?
Because of Kasia's beard.
And I'm using a very small thin brush to apply the outline of my minion.
I'm applying the head just above the top lip,
and then the body is going to extend down onto the bottom lip
and right down onto the chin.
I'm also using the yellow face paint at this point to draw on some minion arms as well,
which are going to be a hollow triangle on either side of the minion body.
Look at it go!
Next I'm taking this blue face paint also from Snazzaroo
and spritzing it with a little bit of water,
and I'm using this one to draw the outline of the minion overalls,
and then I'm also filling in those overalls with the same color.
And then taking my yellow face paint on a concealer brush
and filling in the areas inside the yellow outlines.
I think I see. I got... okay.
Then I'm taking my white face paint from Marin
and also spritzing this with a little bit of water,
and then I'm going to paint your face just above my top lip,
which are going to act as the minion eyes.
I'm filling those in with the white face paint as well.
What you do is you paint your face.
Next I'm taking this gray face paint and I'm lining around the eyes,
and I'm also drawing a strap from each side of the face paint to the edge of the yellow minion head.
I guess his makeup, I guess face paint is makeup.
I'm then also giving the minions some eyelids by adding yellow to the top half of the white circle on each side.
I'm then taking my black face paint from Marin and spritzing it with a little bit of water,
and using a brush with a very tiny tip,
I'm applying some pupils to the minion's eyes,
some buttons to the top of the overalls,
some gloves and some boots.
Wow!
I'm also using that black to apply some little sprouts of hair
coming out of the middle of the top of his head.
I'm also using that black face paint to add some detailing around the goggles and the overalls as well,
such as the gloss on the front of his head's overalls and lining around the edges of the goggles.
Okay, and now we have our completed minion lipstick tutorial.
And as I said before, much of the credit for this look needs to go to Laura Jenkinson
and make sure to go and check her out if you haven't seen her stuff before.
And let me know if you would like me to do more lip looks like this,
by leaving me a comment down below or giving this video a big thumbs up.
And don't forget to subscribe to this channel for updates on all my new weird looks,
which I do twice a week every single week,
and sometimes I'll also upload a third video each week,
which might be a challenge or a day in the life of,
if I have some time to do an extra video.
So as always, thank you for watching and I will see you for the next tutorial.
Weird is wonderful. Bye, analysis.
Oh, sorry, I was going to practice my face dancing again.
You can do that on your own time, I think, son.
That's a really good point, daddy.
That's a really good point.
It's so useful having you around, even though you're in the wood.
Oh, I'm okay with it right now for some reason.
Oh, he's feeling better about it. Well, that's a relief.
Thanks so much for sending in those how-tos.
Feel free to submit more at the cream.team in the how-to section.
I always love to learn something new,
and I always love it when it comes from you.
It was really fun learning with all of you today.
No matter what age you are,
don't worry because you're never too old.
We're in a good place.
Fuck you, son.
Okay, thanks for hanging out today, everybody.
Thanks for all the support.
We got the 21 monthers. We got the 20 monthers.
We've been doing so many months of streaming.
Now it's time to raid Ricky Peacock.
That didn't do it.
I failed. Did I spell it wrong?
What's wrong with my raid commands?
There we go.
Everybody have a great night.
Also, feel free to join cast tonight.
Pretty soon, I think in little under three hours,
we will be taking calls.
We'll be calling cast. Well, you'll be calling cast.
And I'll be trying to make it audible.
As opposed to last time where it was a bit quiet.
I'm hoping this week I'm a little more free,
and I can hopefully get on for two hours until Friday.
But, you know, occasionally things pop up for me.
But I think I should be back tomorrow.
And at the very least, I'll be back a couple of times this week.
And then someday I'll be in a new apartment.
And then I swear to God,
we're going to get on the most beautifully consistent stream schedule.
When I don't have a partner that has to take important work calls
in the same room as me.
Sorry, I don't have a partner in the same room as me.
I will still have the same partner.
Take it easy, you could get in trouble.
Whoa, what the hell?
What? Am I seeing things?
What?
This is on sty watch, that's true.
Anyway, this is all the time we have already Ricky Peecock.
He's a human who does those streams.
But I think games? Or something.
Anyway, have fun with him. It's a Pepito raid.
Because I'm telling you,
enjoy Kace and cast him over on Kassim Cheese Channel tonight.
Bye bye everybody, see you at 8 maybe.
Hooray!