I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show, and now it is live, and I'm a dog.
Man does my butt itch from all of this news.
We're live in ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one, let's do-
It's Friday.
We're in our most casual look, the most casual one we can do.
Yeah, hyper-casual Fridays.
Let's say you know this stream is cool.
Good to see you all. Hope you're having a good one.
We're going to do a quick one today, because the Cream Patreon is watching some movie, TBD by Casim, and your votes.
So, we'll just go till six, I think.
It's got to be a quick little stream.
We already have so many segments to do.
Ah, one casual shirt black.
Well, yeah, this is the only one I can wear on stream,
because it's blue.
Can't wait for the incorrect b-roll.
I'm sure it's on the way, especially if we have to do that therapy segment, which we do.
YouTube exclusive jacket when?
We're surrounded from Twitch to YouTube.
You know, I was looking at merch options today.
There's some.
I have to figure out what exactly we want to do.
Would people rather have a hoodie or a shirt, or I guess we could do both?
It seems like actually with a lot of these sites,
you can set up a bunch of different options and you only pay when someone actually orders it,
so we'll probably go with that.
But then again, I don't want to give you guys too many options, because it gets confusing.
A leather jacket?
I don't know if they offer that.
Fingerless gloves? They do do hats.
I'm not sure about the fingerless gloves.
You're doing print-on-demand merch?
Subrichi, I would love any advice.
Or if you do it, I'll happily go through you.
You need a crop top.
Can't that be any top that you crop?
Do you know how to crop?
You don't love pullover hoodies.
I feel like a t-shirt's the path of least resistance.
But I don't really...
I don't really wear t-shirts.
I've gotten to move beyond t-shirts.
Obviously I have t-shirts, but I feel like I never...
I guess I don't even have to wear this out.
You can sleep in it. Whatever you want to do with it.
Bin eye patch?
I guess I don't need to make something that I will wear.
I need you to wear it.
T-shirt and zip-up hoodie.
That seems pretty reasonable.
Part of me wants to make a knit shirt.
Because I'm a little fabric idiot.
And I like soft fabrics.
Custom fishtimes.
A bin merch announcement song.
That you guys will write.
More or less.
Will the logo be high enough to crop?
Otherwise, I'll look embarrassing.
One of the sites offered embroideries instead of prints.
So we could have an embroidered bin logo.
The other thing is...
The logo...
Which I've plastered all over the stream.
As you can see, tiny here.
I don't know how satisfying of a t-shirt design that is.
I feel like we gotta...
I gotta do something to it.
To make it more t-shirt-y.
You're inquiring with the Florida alumni VP
and my Cornell Club treasurer partner.
What?
I appreciate it, though.
I've been sleazy.
So I was like, wait, what is life as sleazy doing?
Bin nipple pasties.
Stickers would be easy.
And my friend Jayman already makes them.
And then you can just paste them onto your shirts.
A best of bin VHS tape.
That's kind of fun.
It's an audience of about ten, but...
I'm tempted.
That has to cost so much.
A bin briefcase probably would.
Trying to get quality manufacturers for clothing and textiles.
Yeah, I mean, I'm torn between...
I don't want you guys to have to pay a bunch,
but I also don't want you to have to buy a really shitty feeling t-shirt.
I do wear t-shirts.
I just tend to wear heavier t-shirts nowadays.
I love that heavy...
that heavy t-shirt.
I have the technology to make the best of bin VHS tapes.
You have the tech?
I don't.
I don't think I have the ability to record things to tape currently.
I'd have to invest.
I just bought more podcasting stuff.
Something that every guy in their 40s
loves to do.
I buy more podcasting equipment.
Textiles is such a fun world.
I don't know anything about it.
Anyway, I said we have to hurry today
and mostly I just want to sit here
and be educated about merch.
Here's your education.
Stop wearing clothes.
Start being a nude monster.
I don't think...
Even you wear clothes, Pepito.
And someday I'll stop
and turn to the wilds.
And that's what we should all strive to do.
Humans being nude is...
it's less fun than dogs being nude.
That's true.
We really pulled it off.
You guys suck at being nude.
Been nude?
Can you be nude on kick?
Why can't you be nude on kick?
They should just let you be nude on kick.
That's how they differentiate themselves further.
I mean, they let people get murdered on kick, seemingly.
So it seems like nudity.
There's a couple layers below that.
The easiest slash best way to handle merch,
says Sobrecci,
is using Shopify plus Printify.
Printify is a bunch of different print shops.
Some with nicer fabrics
and some that have planer fabrics
but more options. Interesting.
I also was told about something called Gelato.
Print on demand.
Which then gave me an ad for Tap Stitch.
So I was looking at these.
Print on demand made for fashion-driven brands.
We're a fashion-driven brand now.
You can all look like this girl.
But I don't know anything about these sites.
Or Gelato.
Apparel.
Oh, we can do custom bin wall art.
Oh, exciting.
Wouldn't that just be in Onlyfans?
Well, no, because on Onlyfans you gotta
sign into Onlyfans.
That's what makes it different.
You can get all your porn straight from kick.
You cut out the Onlyfans middleman.
Kick new tagline. Come see the hole.
I think it's a good tag.
I think it's better than what they got going currently.
I would at least understand why it exists more.
I guess right now it exists so that they can get around
the gambling limitations on Twitch.
You've already thrown a couple ideas in the Discord.
Speaking of important ideas in the Discord
and thank you for doing that, Giggle Trash.
It's the last day for Barts.
After this stream is over, it's a last call
on BART temporary tattoos.
We've got so many good ones.
This one, I think, is like a JPEG
that has the transparent background built in.
I'm tempted to leave that as is
because I do think that's funny.
But will it tattoo?
I'm not sure.
We had a couple more Barts come in.
Shart, for instance.
And also, just drunk purple out BART.
Or whatever, that drink from Slarm, Slurm.
He's Slurm'd, maybe?
Futurama reference? I don't know.
I don't claim to know.
Anyway, we've got a lot of Barts.
There might be 100 in here.
My instinct tells me there's more like 50,
but that is honestly way more Barts than I expected.
But I think I'll order the Barts
around 7 or 8 my time after the stream ends.
The deadline is somewhere tonight.
It will take me a minute, though,
because I have to get them all into Photoshop files
and then compile them into sheets
with like 10 or 20 Barts on each.
And then I gotta print those sheets.
That's a flaming Homer?
That makes more sense. It's not Slurm.
BART on that lean.
Yeah, drip BART.
So much work.
You gotta do work if you want to get 100 custom Barts
all over yourself.
And I also have to do the work of clicking on the thing
to be right for these images.
And let's just say that I do.
You got some, you wanted to drop some,
but you know, depression?
I do know how that be.
For me, when I get depressed,
sometimes I work more.
So the next time I'm doing a bunch of
like lore heavy video editing segments,
whenever that crumb gorilla punch comes,
just know that my life is probably falling apart.
But I'm making more content
than ever.
Sounds like a win for all of us.
Or the opposite of that.
I'll get back to you.
Thanks, Pepito.
Don't thank me.
Feed me.
You won't do that.
Just sleep a lot?
Yeah, it expresses itself differently.
I also sometimes work a lot when I'm in a very good mood.
Maybe I just work too much.
No, I definitely actually don't.
I work too much now because so much of the work I do is really stupid.
Am I going to check out my local FIFA fan fest?
I have not checked in with the World Cup at all.
But I probably should.
It's an interesting once in a maybe lifetime thing.
Man, I probably should do that.
You need something to do if I have a family member in the hospital.
Someone give me work.
Banzai bullfrog, I'm sorry to hear that.
Do you do a particular type of work?
Unfortunately, I only really have editing contacts.
I guess I have more contacts than that.
But I don't know how many of them.
Generally, I can only really get people editing jobs.
Audio engineering.
Are you in LA?
I don't know if I ain't know any off the top of my head,
but I'll keep an eye out, honestly.
The fan fest has great foods.
You're in DC.
Well, if anybody has any DC audio engineering needs,
Banzai bullfrog in the chat.
Sorry to hear that you're hard up for work.
That's going around a bit based on my experience with my own friend group.
FIFA fan fest.
I don't know.
It might be a hard sell for Kendall.
It's a hard sell for all of us.
The sport values.
Yes, Mr. President.
I've been dying to say this.
Who would have thought that Soxer would be the best 250th celebration
America needed.
Amaze, amaze, amaze.
Sometimes he finds a little life in that voice.
And it makes me happy.
Who would have thought?
Yeah, I hope people are enjoying the World Cup.
I just, I don't, I really don't watch any sports.
So I have not watched the World Cup at all.
Though I have seen a couple of highlights.
Some, like, feel-good story about some goalie that, say, did some impressive goal.
He was from, like, a really broke team and now he's rich or something.
I don't know. Kendall was showing me that. That seems fun.
I'm, of course, rooting for the apparently hot Iranian soccer team.
In fact, I'm going to Google hot Iranian soccer team
because I haven't actually seen how hot they are.
But they're supposedly one of the hottest teams.
These aren't even, is this even the current team?
I won't deny that they're hot, but no, this is from 2022.
The goalie, he's coming here Sunday, Cabo Verde.
Von Zinha, I'm saying that wrong for sure.
And Google, you suck.
You won't even show me how hot these Iranian soccer players are.
Like, physically attractive hot.
As far as I know, that's what they mean.
I don't think they mean that they're sweating a ton, but could be either.
Because I've got a Twitter.
You're going to that game? Oh, that's exciting.
I don't think I've ever been to a professional football,
the non-American type, game live.
But I've been to Precious View, professional sports games live.
Run soccer team.
Maybe it's because I'm typing soccer team, like an American pig.
Okay, I can see it.
Look at these guys.
This seems to be a fan of everyone.
Oh, shit, okay.
What the hell?
Oh, my God.
What the hell? They all keep being hot.
All right, comes as advertised.
Hot Iranian footballers, sure.
Okay, another reason to watch.
But not enough of a reason for me.
They've got models on their team.
Multi-hyphenates is what we call them, actually.
Just like this stream, which is a multi-hyphenate stream.
In fact, we do the news here,
which we will now throw to the hard.
It's a hard news time, but it's also Casual Friday.
It's news.
Yeah, that's right.
Nice casual Peter, everybody.
Bring it in.
Bring it in.
I'm feeling real sexy today.
Showing off the chest hair, rocking my chain.
You like this look, Case?
You stole my look.
You handed these shirts out.
Not to you.
Well, there was...
Chrome dropped one, and I took it.
I know I shouldn't have given two to Chrome.
Did Chrome give you that shirt?
Maybe I bargained for it, fair and square.
Bartering is the ultimate form
of goods and services transfer.
What are you talking about?
I'm talking about how I'm not a thief.
I just look good in my chain and casual shirt.
Casual Peter hangs to the right?
Yeah, I do.
I drape it down to the right.
Talking about my penis.
You didn't need to clarify.
But I will anytime you want.
If anybody has any questions about my penis,
drop those in the chat.
I'll be answering those throughout the stream.
Please don't do that.
We're supposed to talk about the news.
And mostly chat news today.
But there is always a little bit of ceasefire news.
There are a lot of those.
You know it's a good ceasefire when there's 10 or 12 of them every week.
Well, we gotta, yeah, we gotta really keep them going
to make sure that this fire is extra-ceased.
It wasn't cease yesterday, so we had to cease it some more.
Oh, there was still more fire?
Yeah, it turns out Israel was doing a little more fire on Lebanon,
which they've been doing repeatedly.
So that's...
But now there's more. Now it's good.
Oh, it's back to cease.
It's back to cease. I'm sure this one will hold...
Hold...
Hey Peter, is it like humans or something else?
I'm gonna...
Those two aren't mutually exclusive.
Can split it down the middle.
It's a little like a human, a little like something else.
I'm talking about my penis. I understand.
Hey Peter, does it have an accent?
You'd have to come so hard for it to have an accent?
What do you mean?
Well, I just mean, let's be real.
The guy's busting. You take away the bones and grounds?
It doesn't make a noise. It's not like Nickelodeon Gac.
It doesn't come squelching out.
But if you came with enough force, maybe it would squeak.
And then you could assign an accent to that squeak.
I'm just trying to see this question through.
I'm sorry, everyone.
Hey Peter, is a corkscrew shape like a ducks?
It's not like a ducks, and it's not like a pigs.
Keep guessing the animal that it's like.
Please don't.
A gag reference just hit the stream.
Yeah, that hits a lot.
We hit a lot of gags on the stream.
Can we grill a punch, Peter, instead?
You know, I consider myself a friend of Krum's.
And honestly, part of you wants to sacrifice my mystery penis
instead of Krum's.
Because it's cruel what you're doing to him.
And I kind of enjoy getting a good bang bow straight to the moon.
Ah, talking about it's receiving pleasure from penis pain.
You don't have to clarify everything, Peter.
Right, right, right.
Right, right, right.
Don't look up that high.
Right, right, right.
Please stop looking up like that.
Your face does not work from any angle.
That's cruel.
What's going on?
We swear we talk about the news here sometimes.
Just barely.
Israel and Hezbollah have agreed to a ceasefire in Lebanon.
Says US officials.
And nothing says official like the US saying it's true.
Great.
Great.
Great, great, great.
Look at the time we should kick it to the streets.
What do you mean?
You don't want to hear about all of my...
You guys should stop asking questions and I'll stop answering them.
When I start telling lies, you start telling me to stop telling about my penis.
That's not the saying.
What are you...
What's saying?
It's a breechy ass.
Does it look dead and bloated like the rest of you?
Or is it what's sucking the life out of you to preserve itself?
Interesting.
Well, you know, like maggots feed on a bloated corpse.
So it could look like a six-inch flaccid maggot.
Six-inch flaccid maggot.
But maybe it's not a shower, you know.
Or a grower.
Maybe that's just how it stays.
It may look like...
Okay.
You know what?
I'm not taking the bait here.
I don't want to ask questions.
I'm just saying.
People stop asking.
I'll start answering.
Back to the Iran, America, Israel, Lebanon, general, Middle Eastern, intractable war.
Oh my God.
This is a stream.
U.S. officials say the ceasefire worked with help from Iran.
Israel-Hezbollah hostilities had escalated sharply overnight.
As Iran told Hezbollah that negotiations couldn't continue without a comprehensive ceasefire,
says Hezbollah lawmakers.
Please don't say bait.
Are we talking about Iran still?
No.
We're talking about Hezbollah and Lebanon and Israel somehow amongst this.
Well, Cliff notes on this from what I understand.
Israel has been attacking, did an offensive basically on Thursday.
They continued bombing Lebanon.
And then Lebanon basically pushed them back.
Hezbollah pushed them back.
And Israel then claimed that they were the victim of a terrorist attack because they got rebuffed for continuously invading a different nation.
And that seems to have put a bit of a gum up in the possible memorandum of understanding between the United States and Iran,
which who knows if that will hold.
Cliff notes basically it seems like Israel is going to do what it can to keep the war going, which has it stopped.
I feel slightly incredulous.
Oh, my favorite type of credulous.
But I don't know.
We'll see.
I love to say that.
Well, we always do until we don't.
So that's the general, you know, vague world news that we like to talk about.
But what about all the important chat news put in the cream dot team discord?
Mainstream media is too crowdedly to do hard hitting penis slash Middle East segments.
That's true.
I've never seen this on MSNBC or the free press taking a hard questions about their
maggot penises while discussing really troubling, honestly, world events.
Let's pivot to whatever chat has for us.
Oh, man, Joseph Gordon Levitt, a guy who I've never had strong opinions on.
He's trying to get me to have strong opinions on him with all of the headline making news he's doing really lately.
Trump also said JD is the fall guy if it doesn't work out.
Yeah, we didn't even share that.
Our poor boy JD has really been put on the chopping block here.
We did watch his little statement where he's like, Israel, I've got him.
I've got a message for you.
Don't talk bad about my president or you might faffo.
I'm paraphrasing, but that's essentially what he said.
He's like, you know, your only ally is actually us.
So maybe if I were you, I wouldn't be talking all that slime to my president.
We both love, I don't know.
It's all very pathetic.
Ever his attempts to seem reasonable while being a complete toadie for the administration,
despite supposedly being like the anti-war element of the administration.
If he is, then Godspeed.
I'd love for us to not be in any wars, but I just don't believe that that's actually the case.
Oh God, the salt flats.
We've got a hard shot of the salt flats for some reason.
That's actually my stop J.D. Vance from appearing on stream filter.
You're AFK during that dang.
Yeah, you missed out.
Okay, so are you the vice president?
Can I do something?
I don't know how many times I can say I'm in fact not the vice president.
Okay, but I am.
Oh my God, your eyes have got nuclear.
Yeah, I accidentally absorbed the nuclear dust into my beautiful blue eyes.
Casual Vance today.
Usually I only appear in a suit.
But I've sort of been on a book tour lately, you might have heard.
So I'm kind of meeting people in the middle or whatever the vibe of the show is.
The vibe of this show seems to be fucking asshole who lies while wearing Hawaiian shirts or something.
Country I support.
A country it's a state.
Exactly, we're saying the same thing.
The spice must flow.
I did absorb the spice and I've seen the golden path.
I'm essentially the Slug God from the latter two novels.
And you guys just got to let me cook.
It's not always going to look good.
It's not always going to look like I'm living up to the principles that I so thoroughly believe in.
But just know like Timothy Chalamet fucking suited on that spice.
I've seen the future and I know exactly what to do.
And that's a JD Vance promise.
And if I'm lying, that's all part of the plan.
Great, great.
Thanks for your insight.
And can I just say Israel?
Look man, this is our barbecue and we invited you.
So you got to be chill about it or we might not let you have potato salad.
There's limited amount.
We might not let you have it.
Sorry to do all this tough talk, but I mean it.
That's really that's devastating.
Devastating news.
Israel might not get potato salad at the American barbecue.
Those eyes are really troubling.
It looks like he got in the drugs his mom did.
Oh, that is so low.
You know, I don't walk into the penis factory and suck my dick out of your ass.
Well, is that your first beer that you just gave to my mom?
My point is stop heckling me.
You got him.
Got your ass.
So be careful.
Look over there, JD.
It's a sexy couch.
Where?
What?
Fuck you.
I didn't.
What?
Where?
Where though?
So that I can mock you for being for it's not there.
Is it couch?
You mean?
Ouch.
That's pretty good.
Bringing back manufacturing jobs to America.
I'm gonna do that on a long enough timeline.
All of you will be working in my caves.
Oh, JD.
I mean it.
You'll be working at the radio.
You'll be working at a new brand of department stores called the caves.
And it'll with fair wages.
My point is put America back to work.
How much the colored contacts cost?
What do you make you think these eyes aren't real?
Normally I have to really squint so you don't see just how powerful my blue eyes are.
They always look this magnificent but it freaks people out.
It makes me unrelatable how beautiful they are.
So I tone it down for most shows.
But you guys don't have the technology for that here because this place is so low
rent.
JD, I don't even want you here.
We're trying to talk about Oklahoma family's dog carries live armadillo into the house.
What?
Let me cover that with you.
No, JD.
That's all the time we have.
What?
You just said you're doing armadillo.
JD, that's all the time we have.
And it's confusing.
Something about cutting between me and you is a little confusing.
What would that be, Case?
I mean this stream is already pretty confusing but this is even more confusing.
And why would that be, Case?
No reason.
JD Filcher needs some more guy liner.
Yeah, I know.
I wish there was a better one.
What if I just search eyeliner?
Is this right?
Is this what the people cry out for?
No, that's worse.
Nope, that's worse.
The amount of filters I click on where I'm like, man, if I cut to that, I'd be in
trouble.
It's too many of these.
It's honestly too many of these.
Yeah, none of these are good.
We got a VP with a legally changed name.
Wait, did you legally change your name?
Me?
No, JD Vance.
What?
No, I'm JD.
What happened to his eyes?
What happened to his beautiful eyes?
Yeah, now these are going to work.
Anyway, I got to go.
Actually, that's the closest one yet.
I'm JD Vance, signing out.
What's going on with armadillos and dogs?
Let's find out.
Let's go back to the news, everyone.
It's time to focus up on important world events like this armadillo dog story.
You're making it sound like an armadillo fuse with a dog.
Why are they so freaked out?
Are armadillos scary?
I guess it's like an animal from the outside, so who knows what it'll do, but...
I guess I feel like most of the people in my life would probably scream,
but would they scream that much?
People are allowed to react to wild animals in whatever way they need to, okay?
You know, JD Vance is just here.
Whoa!
Me and my boys make jokes like that.
We're friends, not me and JD.
That's fine.
You can be his friend.
They're not really.
They seem pretty...
I've heard...
Are they like, viruses?
Do armadillos have a lot of viruses?
Yeah, leprosy.
That sounds...
I don't know if that's a problem still, but maybe.
Leprosy.
Little leprosy guys.
That's worth screaming over.
I'd love to not have leprosy.
You do have it?
No, I'm just saying I'd love to continue to not have it.
All right, more animal stories.
More important animal stories.
A bear.
He's climbing.
And...
He's out.
And he's climbing more.
Oh, so smooth.
Is he gonna go rampage on these cop cars?
187 on these cop cars?
Oh, case contracts.
Oh!
Oh, he's going for the cars!
He's finding the right one.
And he doesn't like any of them.
And he's walking.
Respect.
A cab bear.
He don't want any of those cars.
Smell their donuts.
They don't keep them in the cars.
They keep them in their dummies.
Hey, hey, hey.
Joseph Gordon Levitt.
If you wish to fend ties to Dialogue Group.
For those who don't know, we did talk about this on the Patreon yesterday.
Peter Thiel has a secret in quotes.
Not so secret anymore, society.
To me, it really sounds more like some kind of business conference,
but he has a bunch of wealthy elites come to some event he's set up.
They call it the Dialogue Group.
It's basically a secret society, but not very well kept.
Because the list leaked and on it were various heads of state
and power brokers, et cetera.
But also Joseph Gordon Levitt and Sophia Bush for some reason.
So let's hear them defend that.
And even worse, Peter, thank you.
That is so refreshing to hear.
Congratulations, Peter.
That's one of the nicest things anyone's ever said to you on the stream.
Feels honestly very good.
Joseph Gordon Levitt and Sophia Bush are among the Hollywood actors
jumping to defend their involvement with billionaire investor Peter Thiel's
mysterious Dialogue Group assuring fans they do not know
the controversial conservative political activist
and that the meetings are not a single ideological gathering.
They're just run by the single ideology of Peter Thiel.
They didn't say that.
Peter is paraphrasing, but I'm assuming that is what else could it be.
The stars, including Josh Brolin, are responding to a list of attendees
leaked by the Hollywood Reporter.
Researcher Maya Arson Crimes.
Oh my gosh.
Names are destiny.
Provided THR with materials about the group.
What is their defense?
I understand why people have questions and are suspicious, said Gordon Levitt
in a statement on his personal Instagram.
Some of the headlines and posts circulating about this are alarming,
if not bizarre, so let me clarify.
I've been to two dialogue conferences, but I do not know Peter Thiel.
I've never met him.
I've never spoken with him or his representatives.
I've never seen him at the event.
From what I've read about his views, we are politically and ideologically
opposite day inside out boy.
Oh, they're inside out boys.
They went over the swing and they became inside out boy ideologically.
Why would you go to his dialogue of the Peter Thiel run event then?
Because it was a good hang.
You know, we go to the crypto arena to see our favorite bands,
but we don't all own $8 million worth of com rocket coin or whatever.
Oh, com rockets way up.
It is almost as high as smag bug coin.
So yes, meg bugs way up too, which is almost as high as loopy twisty asshole
rented coin.
That's not a real coin.
Oh, you better Peter.
I'm sorry.
Inside out boy was on the hep scene list.
No, not inside out boy.
Oh wait, in what context?
We're going to move on.
So they apologize.
Just a point.
You can't control every conference that you go to who runs it,
the worldviews they espouse the influence that they pedal at the
conference that they run to launder influence.
You can't control all of the things I just said.
You know what?
That's only fair.
We're only being fair.
They too of having the channel points but not being able to make
brand play games.
Well, the segment is segment alerts are off right now because
I can only stream till six.
I don't think we'd be able to do it today.
But Monday, I'm sorry that you got those channel points
burning a hole in your channel pocket.
A big channel of pocket.
Mm hmm.
Please avoid shugging your ranch.
TSA forced to issue warnings as foreign World Cup fans fall in
love with American condiment.
And you know, no need to follow up there.
Makes all the sense in the world.
It's not like if you go to a different country and you start
shugging like weiner schnitzel.
Yes, it's exactly like that case.
Oh good, it's exactly like that.
Don't tell me what to do TSA.
If you're chugging it in line.
Monster energy or Red Bull.
Truly a debate for the ages.
You don't have a preference?
Monster energy or Red Bull?
I guess if I saw both in a fridge, I'd probably take the
weird.
That's why is that weird?
Super weird.
Is chugging ranch bad?
That's not the debate unfortunately.
So who's to say?
Ranch is having a moment.
Ranch is in right now.
Ranch hot right now.
It's always been it's always been in.
We finally agree.
James Burroughs co-creator of Cheers.
Sorry unfortunate time to get a hiccup.
James Burroughs co-creator of Cheers
Right 45.
R.I.P.
I never really, I haven't really ever seen.
She said chugging ranch is a fundamental right
not just for Americans, but for anyone
on American soil.
Shame on Donald's TSA.
They're really not racking up
the public favor points
at the TSA.
They're just going to bring ice
back in to tell these people to stop drinking ranch.
Our ranch has the extremely harmful chemicals
that their country brands.
You're right. They're finally free
to chug all those chemicals.
That all of these authoritarian states
won't let them pound
by the pound.
Pounds of ranch.
America! I'm getting fired up.
I'm starting to love our country again.
Again, you stopped? I never stopped.
He said 45.
Cheers is older than 45.
Did I say 45? Peter did you say 45?
Peter did you say 45?
Who said 45?
Did I say 45?
He's passed away at 85.
And RIP to
James Burroughs.
RIP. I've never watched
Cheers. It's like one of the classic shows I've
I don't know if I've ever even seen a full episode of
but it's
clearly legendary and
I feel like I've, just through the cultural
zeitgeist, still way more aware
of Cheers and various plot points in it
than I should be having never seen it.
I've heard it's great. Honestly, it's one of those shows
these days I'll just marathon.
But lately on my marathons
I'm watching stuff with Kendall.
Can I get the buy-in for Cheers
from Kendall?
Or should I make it the kind of dad show
that I watch in the basement despite having no kids?
And I also don't have a basement.
I think everyone in their show
is in their early 30s. Then I'm too old
for it. Too old for Cheers!
Uh, closing things off
here.
We had to get out of the way
the backlash over delivery
robot.
What? But they navigate the streets so carefully.
If you've ever seen one of these on the streets
your first thought I'm assuming was
Welcome to the future. This thing is doing a great job.
They do look
drunk all the time
and it does
feel like they're gonna like
just jam into like a line of strollers
and knock the babies out every time I see them
but I don't know how accident prone they are.
GTFO clinker
But look at it. It's so harmless.
Isn't it kind of cute?
One meal in there. Think of the
efficiency of that.
A full meal in this box.
I guess it's
maybe it's more efficient than a car. I don't know.
Food droids.
Yeah, I don't know. I don't
I just don't know if these are ever gonna
drop that hard. It just does not feel like
that the cities they're in are really designed
to accommodate these like
lumbering stop and start boxes with wheels
on them. They
look like they're in the way but I've actually never
really walked up to one on a sidewalk. I would
see them across the sidewalk.
They're all over the place where you live
live in Sleazy. Yeah, I
LA is a little more like
sprawling
but whenever on the rare occasions I'm in
like a more dense metropolitan area
in LA. Technically it's all kind of a dense
metropolitan area but you know like downtown or whatever
then I do see more of them.
Code Lyoko sequel is currently being
written. It's not live action.
There you go.
Belive on torture with the real news.
There's a Code Lyoko sequel
being written as we speak.
So if you
focus your mental energy you can influence the
writing.
Miami is just just sprawling.
I live in the urban area
and yet live in Sleazy sees them all the time.
Maybe it's just because I don't go inside enough.
That's also very possible. Though I do go for
jogs lately. I've also
I've never watched Cheers. I've never played Code Lyoko
so.
Wait, what is Code Lyoko? Is that a show or a
game?
I'm assuming it's a show?
So I should have said watch.
Yeah, show.
I never watched Code Lyoko.
Too many people with baseball bats and Philly for food droids
to be safe.
That's another thing. At some point, roving bands
of teens are going to have their
way with these robots.
What the fuck? I don't mean fuck them. I mean
they're going to do pranks. They're going to prank
the robots with explosives.
If they're going to blow up mailboxes I'm assuming
they want to blow up these droids. Stop giving them
ideas case. And also
maybe the robots can defend against that
like a skunk. They spray the stinky
foods from
their interior all over the kids.
Ukraine will be making them
after the war.
Code Lyoko is a cheer spinoff.
That edge up.
As a long time fan of both who's seen it all.
Agreed.
Nice.
Alright and finally
original SNL star Garrett Morris
reacts to Buzz over now deleted photo
with Taraji P. Henson.
I was upstaged by my penis.
What's the photo?
Um
Can I show the photo?
How penis is this photo?
I'm going to go try to find the original here.
He was hanging a hog. Like all the way
oh my god I can show you guys.
What the
wow
wow wow wow
I can't answer questions about this particular
penis. And I don't know if
any questions are needed.
No questions
necessary.
Holy hell.
It's so
wide.
It's got such a wide heft.
I mean when you're older.
I mean when you're older.
It's hard to tell how many things are down
in those pants. Could be some medical
devices down there.
It could be the balls. It could be one really long
ball.
Bigger or smaller than that one.
That depends how infected it is.
Wait that's not normal.
Mr. Smith. Godspeed.
Godspeed.
That is wild though.
Congratulations.
You know that's why I always say the original
SNL was better. Because of their huge
bouldering hogs.
Back in the day
John Belushi would come on as
whatever a samurai
with a huge dangling
hog. That was when the show was good.
Medical devices to hold
up his huge hog. Yeah.
Yes it's all just hog
support material in those pants. I think it might have
to be. That's a certain age.
Does it get annoying if you have a hog that big
when you're in like your 80s, 70s,
80s? You're just like this thing
just like lugging around an extra device.
Girl Burnett would host.
It was hilarious. She had huge dong. God those were
the days. And now everything's just
off cue cards.
No one's hanging dong.
Some people call it progress.
Not us though.
We have to stay true to our roots.
Of staring at bulge.
They can kill you with blood pressure
changes. I mean maybe that thing.
That's a truly, I mean we've all seen
some stuff online.
But that seems
that almost feels like a record to me.
I think the outline
of that thing suggests
a truly
high power level. He's putting
up, you know,
Namek Vegeta power levels on that thing.
Okay, well anyway, that seems
like a good place to stop. Yeah, let's stop talking
about this for sure. It's moving
right along. We got several segments
to get to today, but let's
pop it off first with a debate. It's debate time.
Stealing my look again.
Tragic. Tragic how
unoriginal Krum is.
What can you do? Hello everyone.
Welcome back to another debate show
where I'm looking extra street casual
today. Yeah, that's right. Street casual.
What does that even mean?
Just wearing a floral
shirt. It's not making such a big deal
out of it. We were wearing it all the time
and
I'm wearing it on the appropriate day because I still respect
the workplace.
Still believe in
business attire unlike some
people, but you're dressed casually because it's Friday
I'm saying there's laws and rules to this nation.
They're supposed to be
supposed to wear exactly what I say.
Well, relax. I will
never relax because today's an important debate.
Monster energy
or Red Bull.
For too long, these houses have feuded against each other
like Romulans
and Copernicus's.
You should really brush up on
your references if you're going to say that.
You know how many Shakespeare's
I've seen in my mortal life?
Missed me with that. I was close enough.
Point is monster energy.
Really?
Yeah, it's got more flavors I'm assuming. Red Bull has more flavors now.
I mean the classic is really all you need.
But
crazy.
Kind of a low rent take in my opinion.
Maybe you could class up your energy drinks.
There is no classing up an energy drink.
You freaking
classist moron.
What? No, I'm not being classed. I'm saying it's just
you don't, class isn't about class.
You know what I mean? You can be classy.
It's not always about class.
I'm saying Red Bull is a classier
energy drink. In what way they host
American
flying device competitions
for dads where they like launch them off of buildings
or whatever.
Yeah, classy stuff.
Monster makes alcoholic drinks too. Exactly.
They're
they've committed to the genre they're in.
College
I'm assuming
college and or
sad dads.
Yeah, but Red Bull
If you got
a drink locker at a
whatever corporate
consulting group you're attending that
day to do a speaking engagement
you really claim that people are still booking you
for those? Oh yeah.
Big time. Anyway, when they got a
fridge full of
sugar-free non-sugar-free Red Bulls
both, you know, you're in a classy establishment.
Red Bull pays Fiona Nova.
Did she give you a kickback or something?
Is that what this is about?
You don't think there's Red Bull flavors?
Red
Bull
flavors.
Get a load of this.
Get a load of this.
Uh, you saying
that this isn't flavors right here?
Oh, shoot, it won't even load.
Oh, shit, it won't load. Oh, dammit, it won't
Ralph's. I'm getting
fucked by the Ralph's website here. They won't load the flavors.
I can't even show you all the
Red Bull flavors. You won't load them.
Whoa.
I'm just really getting my goat
wanted to pop off. I'll show you the flavors
and right can't. Okay, here we go.
That took you way too long. It's hard
to pull up images from Google nowadays.
Look, we got, um, Winter
Cocoa, Blue
Pink
and of course
Siebel, Summer, Yellow, Green and
Red.
You've never had any of the flavors, like Summer
or Yellow?
Don't you think you know what's better?
Those aren't even flavors. Those are just
colors.
Colors can be a flavor.
Juneberry is amazing.
Is that a flavor?
Monster has 31 flavors.
Monster has way more flavors than you know this, guys.
It's Kendall and she's here.
Shit.
Who's that walking over here?
Is that Kendall fucking Linus?
Yo, let me tell you about a girl in Kendall.
Got a vibe so wild that she's raised male.
She's in print today.
Looking great as always.
Wow.
She's hiding
her face.
She's our, she is our score now.
There she is. Oh, hiding.
And there she is. Kendall
was at the mall. Kendall, how was the mall?
It was good. Yeah?
Yeah.
What'd you do? Why do I always show up
when much is around? That's a good question.
That's that
raw machismo that I bring.
That no one can exist. Why are you wearing this?
It's casual Friday. It's casual Friday.
Is it because it's Juneteenth?
Yes? Wait, no, it's not.
We should be wearing a full suit
on our Juneteenth. 100%.
It just happens to be Friday.
Okay? We can't help with the Juneteenth
fell on a Friday. We're not being casual
because of that.
Does anyone else get confused
or do you think Juneteenth is Juneteenth ever?
No. Is it just me?
Damn it.
Nobody else gets confused.
Okay, that's fair. It's just me.
Just saying a lot of days,
a lot of months, days at a
tea, tea,
tea.
Did the stream start late?
And it's on or two? Yes. Yeah, because
the case was taking a solemn day.
That was a Virginia history lesson.
Juneteenth didn't get
the big corporate push for everybody to
start celebrating it until
I was in my...
Some people would assume it was my 20s,
but of course, as I'm immortal, it was my
16,000s.
Uh-huh.
And it's good that it did. I'm not saying it's bad.
You assumed 18. See, it could be 18.
Damn, guys.
War of Northern aggression.
When you say north to me,
I assume you're talking about northern
Assyria. That's how far back my brain goes.
It only became a work holiday for me three years ago.
Yeah, it feels like it was more recently that it got
the bigger push into public awareness.
Did we take the day
Juneteenth off during
G4? No.
Right? But also, I guess it was
COVID.
Oh, yeah.
I think a lot of places don't take it off
though. You're not legally
required to, are you? Well, my sister
and I tried to go to the post office today
and we just couldn't. I mean, it is
a national holiday now, as far as I know.
Yeah.
But the mall was still open.
Atlanta for you? Yeah.
Do you got anything at the mall?
Yeah. Oh, she's
going to show us.
You rarely get any holidays on.
Yeah, I guess
do you get into legal trouble for not giving
holidays off?
Is that a thing still in this country?
I got this drink.
Okay. Big purchase.
Nope.
Bag for me.
I got a sample of this 300
reedle shot. It's invisible. Don't worry about it.
You can kind of see the letters
of the top 300 though.
What is it?
This is intense. It's an intense shot
for your face. Probably.
I got you a PRN
hyaluronic
acid serum
because you don't really have a serum.
Well, I mean for case stuff. Oh, it's for me.
Yeah, it's for case. Keep this.
Immortal skin young.
And then for the both of us, I thought we could
try it instead of the cream we were
using.
It's a zaelic acid.
It's a zaelic acid, everyone. Get excited.
And then when we go overseas,
I'm going to
try knowing over the counter.
Finally, a zaelic acid.
Okay.
That's right.
I understand everybody's excited for the zaelic acid.
Frankly, at this point,
the entire bin staff just puts whatever cream
on the face that Kendall tells us to.
She hands us a cream when we jam it
onto our face. That's true.
She's de-aged me.
Thirty years.
Maybe I'll start getting hair if I'm not
careful. I'm just kidding, I can't.
If it's not retail, I think
you have to have 10 holidays
a year off.
But we don't get time off here.
The news, holidays for no one.
What is it?
Mango boom.
Coconut mango boom.
Oh my god, boom.
An explosion of coconuts and mango
in my mouth. Wait, which
place is that?
This is our Chinese
tea shop that we kept going to
in China.
That was so popular there.
Oh yeah, we did do that.
They opened one here.
Now there's a Chinese tea shop.
Wherever the studio is, it's secret, we can't tell you.
Give from a drink, too.
They can debate if it's good or not.
That's okay, that's okay.
I have a very strict diet, so there's no telling
if I could even
imbibe it.
Kendall, the debate today, by the way, is
monster energy or red bull?
You got a preference here, Kendall?
No. No preference?
On what? I wasn't listening.
You weren't listening at all?
You hear that, Crump? He literally
shut people's ears off every time you talk.
Oh jeez, well it's confusing because she's
on different sides of us depending on where we
cut. Shut up.
The debate was monster energy or red bull?
Oh, I guess red bull.
What?
What, see?
I told you, that's gotta be the standard
thought.
If you hear your energy drink, it's a
classier energy drink. He keeps saying it's a
classier energy drink. That doesn't even make
sense to me. It's literally not a thing.
Mods, if we have a mod that can make that
debate, let's get this out of the way because
I'm assuming chat, as usual, you're on my side.
You see the light here.
I'm just gonna pull up the monster energy
drink options.
Monster energy flavors list.
Let me just read these to you to make my
point. Every flavor that they've got
according to monsterenergy.com
Excuse me, this is my time.
Strawberry shot.
Zero ultra white monster.
Red, white, blue, razz.
Punk punch, blue, Hawaiian.
Vice guava.
Wild passion. Strawberry dream sunrise.
Violet, peachy keen.
Fantasy ruby red.
Paradise.
Fiesta mango watermelons. A little boring
Rosa.
With the accent over the A. Red, blue,
black, and those are the only colors you need.
Red, blue, and black.
I've always been a favorite of those being
they should switch them. They should get rid of the white and the flag.
It's very controversial to say.
Did you notice that they also went with the road of just
naming colors as flavors?
You know, who else does that?
Red Bull. Who does everything
Monster Energy does? Just a little class
here. They limited themselves to a
simpler palette of colors
which are also flavors.
And it tastes a little
bit like, you know, Yeagerbombs to me
because I used to do that in college, so
it's a win for everybody.
The end of the day
if you're going to be pounding a bunch of
sugar and caffeine into your body, you want to do
the original trusted source.
Which of course is the little guy
themed with the little Greek
foot wings. You want Icarus
to be empowering you
with the blazing energy of the sun
directly into your veins
via the gullet that you
swill, disgusting
of flavored drinks into.
Obviously neither of them taste good
but only one of them tastes like
the thing that you are desperate
to drink every day
instead of sleeping. And that is in fact
Red Bull. And
son of a gun I thought I was really
winning with my soaring rhetoric.
Okay.
Okay.
Tell Case to play
Mecha Chameleon on stream today.
But at six
Okay, we'll
fine. We'll do it.
We'll do it. You want to do it now Kendall?
Okay, cancel everything
else. It's time to play Mecha Chameleon.
You're such a push
over crumb. I can't believe you gave into that
so quickly. Give us
15 minutes
to make a song and then we'll do it.
We'll save all these other segments for a different day.
I'm going to call my sister.
Okay.
I'm making the boss call.
Make a chameleon
time.
I don't know what it is and I keep hearing
about it. It makes me angry.
It makes me angry.
Why? Because I don't know what it is
and I keep
hearing about it.
Oh you just get mad at things you are hearing
about for the first time? Yes.
Like any red blooded American
I'm afraid of new things. Not afraid angry
at them.
So fine. I will look at the trailer to this
and then I will probably be like
I gotta play this. Fine.
Okay.
A lot of people that have played it.
Okay. It's one of these games.
Are you his little ball sack?
No.
That was a big ball sack, bro.
Man, a big part of this game is nowhere
is off limits, bro. So like literally
they could be anywhere. I mean like in terms
of like, you know. Okay.
Run around and turns like that.
Oh, hang on.
You run around and you shoot things.
Alright, I get whatever.
It's a friend's
friend's slop. Isn't that the genre?
Everything is slop now. Bowl slop, friend's
slop, crumb slop
which is what this stream is devolving into because
of you.
You're right. You distracted me so much I didn't even
frickin claim my obvious victory.
Monster energy. Yes.
Give me my own flavor.
I want fiesta
strawberry prison.
Fiesta Munch
strawberry prison. That's the flavor I want.
Fiesta Munch
strawberry prison. And I don't even want it to
taste like strawberries. I want it to fuck
with your mind.
That's the kind of shit I like in my energy drinks.
Okay.
Well let's download this game before
we forget.
Before we get in trouble with Kendall.
Everyone in this stream is so scared of Kendall.
Except me.
And yet I'm the one she shows up for.
You have a funny Will Neff clip of him
making a goof playing Mecha Chameleon.
A whole goof?
My god. This game allows goofs.
I don't know if I can support it.
I'm still slightly angry
at this game for
making me aware of it.
How could it do this to me?
Okay, that's how you spell Mecha. Mecha
Chameleon
$5.99
They're lucky I'm balling like that.
Oh, you're $6 balling?
They're lucky I'm balling out with $6.
It's not even that much to me to
it's not even that much to me to spend $6 on a game.
Congratulations.
He's doing such a good job
until dot dot dot.
Oh my god, I'm learning.
I'm learning all about this game.
Uh.
Alright.
It's been purchased. And now it is being installed.
And I guess because we got a hurry
and we only are supposed to do
the DJ thing on Fridays, we'll send
it to that and then we'll see whenever this game
happens and you guys can just
go watch a movie instead. That's true
where we were going to stop early for the movie.
But honestly, it's so boring
when Cage plays games, you can just
second screen that stuff. That's true. He is not
a renowned gamer.
We cannot claim that.
Anyway, I guess we're making a song
or some shit. It's got to be about the upcoming
merch drop. So let's send it down
to DJ
C4. Alright.
If you're excited to see Case play Mekka Chameleon
get ready to see
a ghost write a song
with all of your help.
Today's song is a
bin merch announcement song. That's the official
title. That's the request. And that is what
we'll be doing. I'm not sure who's
doing it.
But we do at least know who's writing it.
And you can send us your lyrics with
exclamation point lyric or L
followed by
whatever lyric you want in this thing. It's got to be
about merch and how it's upcoming.
And it's in fact an announcement.
Those are the main things we have to go off here.
We've also been
sent a clip of Will Neff.
How long is it though?
Okay. It is in fact a YouTube short.
So how long could it be?
Up a tree.
Oh yeah, wow. That's very cool.
Will you have to paint both sides?
If I know
If I know
If I know
If I know
If I know
If I know
If I know
I don't understand this game at all.
So I don't
know what I'm supposed to be looking at.
It was an L.
He only painted one side
of what?
I'm a music producer,
Okay, I don't understand painting and that's the problem here, and you know you really don't get it
Not that complicated
I got it
How so what explain explain what happened he painted one side of it. Oh
You paint the white
Figure to blend in and hide. Oh, you're supposed to hide from stuff
You don't even know I'm a ghost and I know I do music. I do music
I'm a music man. The game is hide-and-seek
It's all adding up for me now
It's all coming together now
We have our last song I currently queued in
Our thump steaks make you dumps great our thump steaks make your dumps great. Oh
Yeah, the last song was thump steaks
We got to start playing those songs on Fridays again
Now we actually have the last couple rendered out so we do have new ones
Thank you for submitting some lyrics with a pen and a pad in the lab. We need a
Beat
We default to rap here when there's no other request
Not because it's the easiest genre. It's just the easiest genre for us
Let's see
Anybody got any beat types that they think work well for announcing merch mariachi
Okay
What about a mariachi beat is that a thing you can sell you can shill merch to this is an old school
This is a Spanish guitar times Latin guitar type beat called still Mexico. It's case allowed to use this beat
An infomercial type beat clips of casino over that one
Okay, infomercial trap beat is what we just typed in. Oh good. It's Drake
Look at him go
People love that guy
None of these are very infomercially. Oh, this is a trap beat instrumental 2020 and it's free
That feels a little more
Infomercial to me. It's the phrasing here. Are we done this one before?
We used this beat before
possible
But what this one featuring Drake
So many Drake beats
Pista to trap flow
The bottle I think this one feels right. Well, let's go with this one. It's just that easy to decide
And if we've used it before well, it's a remix. It's a merch drop remix
Alright, so that it's ready to go
In fact, we'll get all the work out of the way right now and then we open up
Our very professional recording software and just like that. We're almost ready to go
Okay, some steaks is already in here great
good
Save this as merch drop and
almost there
so close
incredibly close
boom locked in all right project set up and
Let's go straight
All right, we got a hurry today. We might have to swap to a game at any point
You think it's a game
It is
It is what we'll be doing later. It is in fact a game
Let's see what's in here. We got the thump steaks already in here
Thump steaks
Okay
That's all thump steak stuff
Certainly have a headache so I took a quick nap
Okay, this is the end of the thump steak stuff leave it all
Boom copy that over
Boom. Wow. We already got so many lyrics in here. It's beautiful
I'm fast as fuck boy. Oh, that's from last one
Fuck ice they slow as fuck something about smegma what?
merch drop
I still have so much stuff in here
Something about adult diapers be right back gonna go have a sick
Sure, that makes sense. They were getting a couple more lyrics in here. That's good
I
Appreciate that too many tabs open so many tabs
We need this beat on loop gonna have to get used to this beat
Yes, okay, so
Got a hog wider than Garrett Morris
Great plus a couple more lyrics
24 lyrics that could be enough for a merch drop
Announcements on
All right, something about adult diapers be right back gonna have a sick. We got to use all this
Do you look like shit? Do you want to look nicer?
Well, how about adult diapers?
Look like shit. Do you want to look nicer work your shit with some bend?
Work that shit been adult diapers. There you go
Be right back. I'm gonna have a sick, but looking good in the merch is how I
Whatever
T-shirts a hoodie and maybe a hat
Wait, that doesn't run with sig t-shirt hoodies small to extra big
T-shirts hoodies from small to extra big be right back. I'm gonna go have a sig merch drop
Been merch drop
Yeah, we might
This is not the right beat. We need this bouncing bunny this whole time
Been waiting so long to show the bin pride in public
Okay, crumb face Pappito
Crumb shirt Pappito hoodie. Yeah, they love it. I got I can't type and waiting to show
Waiting so long to show bin pride in public
Great case won't make merc
Case won't make merch like he is Fiona because he'll actually make shit because he's not Fiona burn
Coming up in the new bin job strap. I'm gonna sell that shit for a hot cash stack
Chug that titty flavored Red Bull like it's a huge SNL dong. All right. Chug that titties flavored Red Bull
Been merge the new sub goal
Huge dong. Yeah, I got him swole huge SNL dong. Yeah, I got him swole. Whatever
whatever
Okay
The immortal munch body pillow now for sale
Mm-hmm. Yeah, that's fine throw the logo on anything and it can't fail a mortal munch body pillow now for sale
combining lyrics
We're combining them throw the logo on anything if you've got the cash. I'm ready to them
shirts soft as shit
bongs big as rips
100% cotton and you know we're not stopping. It's made in the USA. So
Fuck them. Great. So fuck them win every debate in these shirts
hand wash only
Hand wash only if you're bringing the dirt shorts only available with built-in garris Morris hogs, okay
Gray way to show off your log
Built-in garris Morris huge bin hogs gray way to show off your huge pant logs
Built-in garris Morris hot bin hogs
sick
again
How close we're cutting close. We almost have all the lyrics we need
It's almost all happening
Okay
You're stuck in the wall with Peter Gibbon watch you heard about friends sloth is how we're living
Get your ass right in and make your penis pop
Okay
Get your ass right in and make your penis pop
Penis popping. That's the new merch drop
DTG or heat transfer someone tell me what's the answer?
Okay
DTG
DTG is pricey in these shirt ain't free
DTG it's pricey in these shirts aren't free
We're not excelling as well. We're gonna let you know it's expensive. Or maybe we do transfer cuz we're bringing the heat
great
I've been searching long and hard for the best merch to ever merch
The best merch to ever merch
Okay, best merch that ever did merch
best
merch
That ever did merch bunny. Stop. Just loop it. Okay?
Best merch that ever did merch
Close so sick you can wear him to church
It's so sick you can wear it to church best merch from been that ever did merch
Best been merch that ever been merged. There we go. That makes that our using the title of the stream ish sort of
okay
Merchandise is paradigm take grit
Merchandise is paradigm take the grip that you can regift home slice
Merchandise is paradise
home slice
Or graph that you can read grift
The grift that the graph that you can Beat the groove that you can read GIFT
Murch Griff that you can merch read grift
Shirt so tight give your mantits a lift
We sell that poster from hell, but we forgot it got a hog wider than Garrett mortis stop it now
Now I'm going to slap you with the chorus. Okay?
No hell poster because we forgot it. These aren't posters. These are shirts. So stop it
Got a hog wider than Garrett Morris
Now let me go on a slap you with the chorus perfect
Perfect, that feels like a natural stopping point, but there's more
Been merch that isn't trash. Just pay up the cash. Just pay up. This will be the outro
Been merch. We swear. It's not trash
Pay the cash pay the cash
Okay
Branding with this crypto Zeus mousepad, but to boof this merchant fart it out
damn
Let's throw a dam in there
Like a t-shirt cannon item got a good rhyme, but something something something grand man
T-shirt cannon grand man
T-shirt cannon grand man
T-shirt cannon grand man
T-shirt cannon grand man damn and that's it. That's all you need to sell merch
Shit, there's more lyrics
We got more
Uh take it to the streets in this merch like trippy bee
Make a sweater that says blip blip blap for me
I won the debate and only got this crumb shot shirt
New Bench shorts will bring in the class like prime sin city spin city Michael J. Fox ass, okay?
Let's leave that
New Bench shorts will bring in the class like prime spin city Michael J. Fox ass girl cover them titties up with this
Science-ized shirt. I won the debate and I only got a crumb shot shirt Benji strings. You can pay clap your cheeks with
That's the new merch grift
Great. Oh, I guess he's done
He's done. All right now who's gonna sing this
Uh
Who shills this song who shills this song
Chat you are welcome to decide
To fuck we're not allowed to have to talk to it. We're not allowed exclamation point for
Grandman Jesus the entire Wu Tang clan vote now and of course a Papito from another world
alternate universe Papito
You can only you can decide chat with exclamation point one through five
Do you want it to be exclamation point four which is exclamation point one?
Grandman Jesus the entire Wu Tang clan or a Papito from another world
We're fine with any of them
Any of those will work for us
Looks like the winner is likely to be a
Papito from another world
Which I'm in support of great
Um
Sick looks like we're pretty much set up. So I think we can just do this thing
Thankfully, we can just do this thing and
Then hard shift
possibly to a game
Possibly to quitting it just depends what Kendall wants to do
Alright, there we go
Is the delay off it is good
Alright alternate universe Papito. Are you are you available? Are you here?
We could only hope
But I'm here. I'm alternate universe Papito
I'm on the universe where I'm this type of dog and I got a real good attitude about shilling merch
So don't even worry about it
Alternate universe Papito to the future
Well, what a what a day a different version of Papito. I hate cheese. Yeah, that's true. That's one
You guys already get it. I also like case in my universe, but he's pretty good there
You guys got a wolf. You got a weird version of a mic and I already tell
Sorry about that
But I will help your universe by shelling this merch
Using the power of song
In my universe, we don't call it rap. We call it crap
And it's not the joke that you guys make here. It's just in our universe rep is called crap
It would really rock the world of all those old guys. They rap in this universe. So anyway, I'm gonna crap for you guys
Let's see what I'm supposed to say. Okay sure whatever
I'll say anything. I'm very agreeable alternate universe Papito
Let's do this
Yeah
All the way through the dimensional rift to sell you merch
Alternate universe Papito turn up my beat
Look like shit. Do you want to look nicer work that shit in been adult diapers?
T-shirts hoodies from small to extra big be right back gonna go have a little dog
You think cuz it's a merch drop. That's right
Ben merch drop. Yeah, we might
Ben merch drop. That's right
Ben merch drop. Yeah, we might yeah, we did
Chrome shirt for Peter hoodie. Yeah, you know, they love it been waiting so long to show been pride in public case won't make
Merch like he's Fiona because he'll actually make shit because he is not Fiona. That's a burn
That's a burn
alternate the Peter universe burn
Coming up in the bed news
Strap gonna sell this shit for a hot new cash that chug that kiddies flavor red bull
That's the new sub go you just an old dog. Yeah, I got him so slow
I'll throw the logo on anything and it can't fail the mortal lunch body pillow is now for sale
shirts
such as shit
Bugs biggest rips 100% cotton and you know that when I stop it and it's made in the USA
Say fuck them with every debate in the shirt center here
Why show me if you're bringing that dirt, baby?
Don't do it, buddy great way to show off your big pant loggs
built-in Garris Maury hot bed hogs
Get stuck in the wall with the hot Peter give and watch a herd about friends live
That's how we live and get your ass right in and make your penis pop penis pop and that's the new
something
The dog ran out of beat so maybe that's all we need. I guess we'll just run it back
Okay, yes Kendall I convinced everyone to download it and play it. Okay, we're about to play the game but first
This finish this track dog
at literal dog not I'm not saying that like
You know the other way just take it from um, where were you the okay?
You ready to go
Oh
No, we talking big ass rips 100% cotton. So you know we're not stopping
So I'm gonna say fuck them with every debate in these shirts
How much only if you're bringing the dirt great way to show off your big ass pant loggs built-in
Garris Maury hot bed hogs
Okay, this is where we had to stop. So here we go get stuck in the wall with Peter give and watch your herd
Yeah, that's how we live and get your ass right and make your penis pop penis pop
penis pop
DQG is crazy. Nah, these shirts ain't free. Or maybe we do transfer cuz we're bringing the heat
It's the sex that you can't tell if you're at church
That's been merch that's ever been merch merch grip that you can't merge
We give shirts so tight that you give your tips and left. No hell, but we forgot it the poster
I mean these birds their shirts not posters keep dreaming got a hardwater then Gary fucking Morris
Now I'm going to slap you with the hot chorus merch drop
That's right been birth drop. Yeah, we might a merch drop
That's right been merge drop
Yeah, we might been merch. We swear. It's not trash. Just pay the cash. Just pay the cash
Seriously, just pay the cash. Don't play games like that loser ran away with crypto Zeus
Mo pad, but to boot this merch and throw that out. God damn
Like a t-shirt chatting Grand-Man
t-shirt Grand-Man I
Ran out of beat again. This is too many lyrics
We're getting fucked by how many lyrics there
Fine finish it off. There's only a couple more. We'll figure this out later. There's six different versions of this song
Every single one of them will be released
by Sony Records
For me new being shorts will bring the cash
The class I'm at the class
New Ben shorts will bring that class like crime sense
By taking back new Ben shorts will bring the class like crime spin city Michael J. Fox ass
Girl cover them titties up with the science eyes shirt. I wanted to bake and only got this crumb shot shirt fuck
Benji strings you can clap your cheeks with that's the new merch griff clap your cheeks with the Benji string
Here's the thing I bring the chorus and this is what I mean
merch drop
That's right a Ben merch drop
Yeah, we might merch drop. Yeah, that's right a Ben merch drop alternate universe, but Peter don't stop
Oh
You're done that
You are a dog
Crazy
Good Duke. I'll say that to me. You don't know me like that
Hmm. All right sick. I don't think we have time to mix it or do or we do I
Don't think we do
I'm sure case will do it. He's never forgotten to do that before
Guys, we're playing a game and I guess we're doing it in
Not
Brendan mode because it's too unsettling for other people. So let's send it back to the studio
Where we will then figure out how to play this game it the breaking news is game time
Okay, I got my gamer headphones on
We do in this thing Kendall
Okay, Justin's gonna host my sister's currently streaming. Okay. Should I just raid your sister?
Well, the idea is like do you guys want to co-stream or do you just want to raid her after I
Guess right now. I mean honestly. Well, she's still in like the starting soon screen
So it's like really up to you. Okay, wait till she starts and then I'll just rate her because I think there was like a
Thing in the discord that I was trying not to overlap with. Oh, I see
So that's easier you guys can just watch Christine if you feel like
Dealing with gamer case. I mean you could still stream. I don't mean to end your stream soon
I was gonna end the stream at six. That's the idea. So if I can read your sister, it's kind of perfect
Perfect. I think you should still stream mech a chameleon. I think it would be fun
Oh, you think I should just stream it to mm-hmm. Okay, then we'll just stream it and then maybe like in half an hour
Okay, you know, this is all cast this fault
Why well, they're just doing a movie watch alone in the discord who is that stream the creamies
Those who cream so you can't be in the discord. I can be in the discord. Oh, I just will not watch that
I wasn't gonna watch
It's just gonna try to not overlap with it. I guess I could throw it on in the corner
Patreon and been are okay at the same time
Yeah, that's fine, we will we will show the gameplay you can give us give me advice I might need it
Because I was pretty confused conceptually by even that will nef clip mecca chameleon
Mecca chameleon
Let me actually in the interest of
The interest of the stream sometimes having trouble playing a game at the same time
Let me disassemble things here a little bit which I should have the ability to do now
without changing
Modes or whatever and crashing the stream. Let me just see if I still have that. Oh, I do okay one second
I'm just gonna go to the screen for just a second
Listen to listen to this
Listen to this
What songs do I even have it here listen to scrum rap one second
Be the same
Like
Whoa, ah, there we go
Okay casual gaming mode engaged
All right, let me get in this game
There's this is so much more of the scrum song that I've heard in a long time. There's so many extra
lyrics in that scrum song
Okay, let's see
Oh the keying on the wrapped up fabric. Yeah, you can see through to the alternate universe
For the secret world
Okay, actually did I have a I think I set something up for this actually
Way back in the day. Oh
Oh
Wow
It's so close to me. I
Feel so close to me right now
Does this all work?
There we go. Yeah, this is
This is what we set up for some reason isn't such a vibey room
alternate universe dog
In the vibeus of rooms
Hmm. Okay. No, this is the thing I set up a while ago. Okay, great. Uh, let's
Open this game and the discord should I change this?
I'll forget to change this back for seven million streams if I change it to a
Category to mecca chameleon, but I guess I'll do it anyway. I guess we'll do it anyway
We're not just chatting. We're actually gaming actually we're gamers
Okay, and
Now we go to the discord
Your hands are oh, hey, hello
How do we invite case just through steam I don't know
Did I get invited I did
Oh, hi case. Hello
Are you still streaming? I am and my stream is freaking out. I mean my like the my computer's freaking out
Those extremes pop it off. Let's go
Like should we
It'll be fine. It'll settle down
Should we should we stream together? We can
Let me
Remembered how to do it. Hold on. I'm going to invite you. I think I have to open I
Sent you an invite
Okay, I have to open chrome to do that though
Or something we'll be a hunter
I will be a jet says I'm on Kendall should stream hunting
No, yeah, but Kendall says no every time
Okay, I'm trying to figure out how to change the game settings, and I just can't
Just in between us
Together
You can you wait? How do you do your arms forward?
Yeah, oh
How do I it says I joined I clicked on the thing to join the game, but I'm not in it
There's a password in the disco
I might need another invite because it didn't do anything
I
Case this chat. All right, it's not letting me
Okay, I invite me one more time
I'll just load the game from the play button that you send and maybe they'll do it. Thank you
I'm a cactus
It could happen chat one of these days. I could be playing a game
Nope
Wow, look at this
Yeah, yeah, I do okay
Aren't I sexy for sure for sure
Do you see it? Oh my god
Have you seen people who walk around like hold on let me let me dress up
I think I have to get the server name and a password because this is not working
Shit it refuses to let me play. How do people like stay? Oh, I figured it out. I figured it out. Okay
All right, that would be bad
Does anyone else play with us or is it just this? I don't know. I didn't ask anyone else except for cat and cat's busy
Hey, I think this is the server name drop
Okay, I
Gotta be more metallic
Okay
Jamin have you seen people walking around like this figure out what's wrong with me figure out what's wrong with me?
I gotta fix this real quick
I'm gonna paint my okay, okay figure out figure out what's figure out my thing is
The red on your butt
Hey candle, can you come see if I'm doing something wrong?
Dude look closely. I got a zoom. I need to support
The bottle he needs support
I've clicked play game like four times from Justin he sent me the server name and I'm assuming that's the password
But it doesn't do anything
I'll show I'm gonna send it to you can you can show chat
my skills
That's literally I was hiding just now
The server name is Christine and case. That's really funny
Is there a limit as a fall
No, I don't think there is no limits like 14 players. There's only
One to three four five of us. Maybe it's a public server. I mean I can always just make a new one
So Bricksy said I thought they were giving me the mech a Godzilla treatment and that's how I was
I think maybe I should make this over because I'm not having a problem cause I'm fucking
Okay, then never mind I went to maps, but no, I haven't played this before so just the base map should be fun
We can still do yours probably. I don't know why I can't join it
I guess just try one more with a dress would invite case first and then invite the rest of us after
Okay
Guys it wasn't just me Kendall also couldn't figure it out
Tell them it's not true. She was here. She's on the camera
Yeah, I don't know I don't know why I wasn't working
Invite received
Invite. Oh, wow, you can play this with
Didn't do anything again
Again my invisible you can go ahead and make one then we'll just join you. Yeah, make one and we'll join you
Okay
No, my glass
I
Don't know why it won't let me join games
For everyone's stream any time there was any dead air I I would just I would be forced to talk about the UFO topic
I did yeah
Invited to the actual game, but not in the sir. Yeah, how do you Justin? How do you invite him in the server? I invite us in the server
Maybe I need to be your guys friends or something. Maybe that's if you press escape
There's a you there's a friend list and then you can just invite from there. Oh
Invite us in the friend list
Maybe that's the problem. I was joining through steam. Oh, I got that one. Yeah, do the do that do it death through that. Oh
I just mean maybe that's why I couldn't join
It it put me back in the main menu. It I
Clicked mine's also in the main menu
Seems to be some issue with me, I don't know
What's the version game on the top right?
Version 1.41 is what it said at the menu at least you might have you might have accidentally declined the
Like Windows message that yes
Yeah, you probably did that case your ports
I didn't I saw a message. Oh
You should look for you should look for an open window. That's like can we approve this or whatever?
I mean, I approve something that was like a local network access or something. Yeah
Okay, but you did hit yes on that. Yeah, I did hit yes on that. I
Guess you guys play I will just rate Christine
Or maybe just like that. Maybe maybe delete and then download it again. I don't know
Yeah, I mean it's small. Okay, I'll try that and then cut and then let's keep going
I'm gonna re-invite everybody to mine
Yeah
Like a little live troubleshooting. I mean, I I don't think I've ever played a game on stream and not had it have had issues
So it's something to do with it. Yeah, that's crazy
And usually it's like a rom. It's like a it's like a two-bit game that I just can't get to load or my controller recognized
Inputs it's bad. All right. I hunt
Do I have like a no sir shark is
I guess I could use a I
Can say what's it called proxy server not proxy server VPN? I could turn on my VPN and see if that's how I fix is it
Crash my stream
Shit it might be your VPN
Get a better VPN with Nord VPN. Okay uninstall it and reinstall the game
All right
I'll send you another invite
My guess is it will not work
Yeah, open up the game and then it should give you a prompt in the game. Are you googling raw?
Currently it is not gonna be a prompt in the game. Oh
Oh, we're starting. Oh, who's started Nord it or avoid it?
We're not all in here. Yeah, we're waiting for kids
Hey, I got a vegetation. Yeah, I didn't start it but get out. You're gonna get chosen. Oh
Okay, I think I'm actually in
Maybe wait, I'm not a hunter. I wanted to be a hunter. Yeah, we've got six players. Oh my god. He's here
He's in. Okay. Oh, he's in. Okay. So we're out. Wow. Okay. No tutorial for case
Well, the things are on the side, right? Yeah, yeah, you'll figure it out. Damn, where do I go?
Will he figure it out? No, I will die. It's fine though
Hi, so
I see I'm starting to get this
I'm gonna be so dumb. It's just gonna be so dumb
Shit, all right
Just be real basic about it cyber world. Thank you for the follow
Oh, can I not paint anyone
Oh
You can still paint
I'm fucking I'm lost. Oh sway the host way. Don't hurt me. I'm lost
If I see you, I'm going to shoot you. Wait, just I know there's like whistles or something. Yeah
It whistles every like 30 seconds or something. Yeah, I said like 45 seconds or something like that
What if this works though, you guys could get up in the ceilings to
Yeah, I can't hold this the color that was most effective. What if this works though? It could
Somebody hit me with a whistle real quick
I'm invincible. Do I have like HP?
No, I don't seem like it. Oh god
I am. Wait, okay, search time. Wait, 27. What's happening here?
I make this smaller
Wait a minute. Um, how did I make this thing so big?
That discoloration any discoloration I find I can smell someone in here
Oh, wait, how do I go down? Oh my gosh laughing so bad, bro
Oh, I forgot that you guys can see like
Why is it so dark?
Oh, that's enough
Floor shapes
Oh my god
Guys, I'm I'm amazing
I'm not bro
What am I doing? Holy shit
I decided to do the stupidest thing ever. It was so funny
Where are these whistles?
I'm still laughing at myself
See where everyone else is, you know
Oh, you can't you guys can see I know I just I don't know how I don't know how to like switch to oh free camera
It's like some of the numbers. Yeah
Guys, it worked. It worked
Oh, shit. I moved my body by accident. It's over for me
I think the objective of this game is just a hide
Yeah
Thank you for the gift. It's a tie. It was so engrossed in my incredible paint job that I'm doing
I have 128 seconds to try and find one of you guys
You haven't found someone yet
I have not yet. I took the path of least resistance and it's working out great
It seems like he's walking by himself
Wait, can you see the other thing so I keep entering into new places
Can you look at other people?
I don't know how but I feel like there is a way
Because I love this way
Thanks
Wait, how are you doing that kennel? Oh taunt
Yeah
I'm taunting hosue
Come on hosue
I got his ass
Let's give him a fighting chance
Let's move around
I wonder what it looks like
Wait now I'm a hunter
I was highlighted
It highlighted you
What you flashed red for a bit there for me. Oh nice if you're if you're buried too much the game's like you can't do it
Buried too much putting your body. Yeah, if you're putting your body inside an item too far. It's like that
I was literally just against a wall so
I gotta change some of the settings
That's pretty common what I look like
I'm running, I'm running, jaymond, that was great. Oh my god
Wait, is that anybody?
Wait, wait, wait over me
You guys can see why
And then I moved and he went past me again
Look at my spot, look at my spot
How do I find anyone?
This is so funny
Oh good
Wait, how much is string?
10 out of 10 streamers, wow
You can float?
Is that crazy?
Everyone look at mine
You're so funny
It's been so stupid
It's the stupidest thing I've ever seen in my life
I'm so confused
Oh my god
I'm dual
You guys gonna see mine, mine's really funny
You're all so much more shinier than them
I'm so yours, jaymond
This is on top of the tower
Give case some time, give case some time
Yeah, wait, give case some time
Add some time to the drawing phase
You can play with the draw right here
Press F to go into draw mode
And you can get comfortable in coloring
Oh I see
I'm fucking crying bro
I wanna hunt this time
I wanna see what you're seeing
And why it's so hard to see us
Spacebar
For quick
Like quick eyedrop
Oh yeah
There's also a mod
Hold right click and
Drag your mouse to like
Change the shape of your mouse
Brush and then
Middle mouse to rotate
Disable motion
There's also a mod where we
The drawers can see each other
And we can like combine into a thing
Oh that's crazy
We're technically not supposed to see each other
Cause if you get caught you become a hunter
Oh shit, I accidentally left the server I guess
Oh case
I think I might
Turn off
That aspect
So that we can like
Just look at each other somehow
I don't know if that's built into the game
I don't know, I don't know if it's a mod
Or if it's a setting
Cause you can do free camera
And float around
But I don't know how to spectate you
Oh but you can't, you don't know
You actually have to find other people too
Okay
Well
Yeah
What happened, case
I
Turn off motion blur and then I somehow
Quit by accident
He's back, he's back
Anyway now I'm yellow
I'll stay out of the hunter's pool this time
Okay
Let's do it
Alright
I realize this is hunter
Applications, so if you're standing here
You don't have to become a hunter
There's a chance for you to
Yeah
You guys like my post?
Yes, it's a great butt
Alright, start it
Hold on, I'm changing settings real quick
Oh I see
So for those of you guys who aren't aware
That we are in the third tronch
Of the UFO drops
Tronch
Get tronched
We're waiting the fourth tronch
What are you doing?
Looking my butt hole
I don't see one
Oh I do now
Looking my butt hole
Looking my butt hole
Yeah you get a good job
That's on the internet forever
Hosui Matt says hello
And he called you the man of myth
And the legend
Lay flat on the hunter thing
Okay
I've been documented in many cryptid
Okay
I'm about to hit the start button
Whoever's gonna hunt
Get on that circle
I can't
Lay flat case
It's one of the poses, come on
Oh it's cause I'm in paint mode
Lay flat on this
Stay stay stay stay
Come back come back here
Turn around
That was worth it
Oh and I'm getting stopped on
Nice
I didn't know we were playing the love island video game
Well we can see each other
Right everybody
Oh you guys couldn't see each other
Before? No
It was a different mode
Solo solo
Oh man
Oh god I got it
Oh yeah who's the hunter
It's me
Oh man
Yeah holy
Shit
The hell you can float
I didn't realize I could fly
What the fuck
How was that the same color
Too light
Boom boom boom
Just gonna paint myself
Paint myself
Okay this sucks
I blew it
Oh no I don't have enough time to continue painting myself
Ugh
I saw somebody over here
Oh no
I don't think this is gonna work out
Oh I didn't finish my hair
Oh wait no I can do it
Okay I can't finish my hair
Um okay
Let's see
This is
Oh my gosh
Chad I'm not excited
About my chances here
Oh it's all in first person
I can see why it's hard to see people now
Mm-hmm
Was I this way already
Was I this way already
Oh
Whistling
Hold on I have to put on my other hair
I can't really tell who you are
Guys if she doesn't have her glasses we're fine
Yeah I have my glasses on
Matt Liddell maybe put it on
We might be fine still
Oh Matt Liddell there's so many clubs
My legs
Save
Oh
Uh oh
It's so hard
I didn't realize you guys were like flying around
Uh
That's great
I heard whistling so much
Oh my gosh
Okay
This is such a bad paint job
But it's working so well
Dude I can't even tell where I'm going
Or where I am
Or where else there is to go
I believe in you too
Wait was I this way already
What
I don't think we're just gonna say good enough
You can
Huh
So you can request us
If you want us to keep whistling
Yeah maybe if you want to
But only if you want to
You're so nice about it
Only if you want to
No way
No way
What
To look for different shapes
And stuff you know
Shapes that don't exist
I whistle to you again
Guys
What the hell
This is actually
Really hard
Wait this is actually so hard
Huh
I wouldn't have thought that would work
Your face is so funny dude
I'm so I'm so confused
It actually is
Hard to see you guys
I know I want to be a hunter
I want to see what it's like
You might just shoot one of us
Randomly if you keep shooting
Yeah
Right now
Just hoping and praying
Yeah that's literally what I'm doing right now
Shocking
That's the power of camouflage everyone
I can't figure that out
Do you have my stream open
Yeah
Do you see how bad
Do you see how bad mine is
I'm gonna whistle now
You ready
Oh my god
I'm over here too
I'm over here too
We're gonna improve our paint job
Just for fun
What the hell
Oh god
Holy
Shit
Holy Toledo
I'm walking
I hear you so close
So close
Justin
Damn Ken that's kind of mean
Wait how are you seeing other peoples
I can't even see
Oh there's Justin
What's that
You're flying in free camera mode
So press 5
And then press 4
Yeah if you right click you can toggle between people
I'm not gonna be able to find you guys either
Oh wow
Oh wait you can
You guys are so funny
Dude she was on top of me
Oh wow that's good
Wait for real
Yeah dude it was so funny
You were like jumping on my head at one point
Oh my god
Josue and Jess are basically doing the same thing
Yeah dude I know that
Oh Kendall's is pretty good
This is so much harder
Than I thought it would be
And
Jamie yours is really good man
Yeah it was so funny
Jamie your game boy
Nah I'm Tony Caban
Game boys Justin
I haven't even seen yours
We're neighbors
You are directly across from me
I went away from you
Oh there you are
You guys are chilling
This is so hard
To mine is the easiest to find
Stop whistle
You've gotten so much points
Holy shit
I'm around you
Oh that's okay
Yeah it's like when she looks in my direction
That's so funny
Oh my god
There's no way
I'm just a line of sight
We'll whistle for you so you can find us
When you can like look for us
You know
I'm gonna just walk towards you
I'm gonna start walking towards you
Oh my god
That's you
That's crazy
How did you see me
How did that happen
Wait hold on
Okay dude look for us hurry
Oh I can't whistle
You just have to look around for the blinking stuff
Oh my god
Oh my god
You're gonna be so mad when you see Justin and Josue
Yeah
Wait Josue
Oh yeah we have the same idea
Here's the thing
Oh candle that's crazy
That's like my napkin
Okay so now when
In this mode I can see why
Justin or Josue had a hard time
Cause like when
The reveal happens your guys with shadows
Come back
But there are no shadows
But there are no shadows when you guys are here
Cause I know I was looking at the spot
Of Josue and it was hard
Interesting
That's very interesting
Well it was hard to see
At least I felt like in my opinion
It felt like there were barely any shadows
For me I painted
I had to
I saw that there were shadows there so I had to paint myself some shadows
So
You'll see it in my eye
But that makes sense
Because I was wondering why
There was a point where you looked in the last one
Where you looked right at me
And I was like how come he can't tell it's me
Now I'm like
I was really surprised you couldn't see
I was surprised you couldn't see mine
Cause it was pretty sloppy
No it was so hard
It was so hard
Bro so
It was laying there man
It was so hard to see anything
It's crazy
Everyone in let's go
Should we all stand in the Hunter application
Yeah yeah so that everyone has a camera
Even if you want to
Only if you want to
I'll do it since I jumped out
Since I've already been
I'm gonna lower the force taunt interval a little bit
Okay yeah
So it whistles a little more often
I got the boost
Did we feel okay with how much time
There was to paint or do we want more
Seemed fine to me
I liked it just cause we could keep painting
You know if we wanted to
Yeah
Can we
I guess this is like ground
This is like house rules I guess
Can we set like a rule of
Like if
Cause these maps are big
So it's like if the Hunter is nowhere
To be found near anyone
For like 5 seconds
Like start whistling
You know
I mean people were whistling that whole time
And it did make a difference
It's true it didn't make a difference
Yeah but that's what I'm saying
Just so that the Hunter knows
Okay wait I'm not, no one's in this room
You know
Dude I want to try the Minecraft level too
Do you want to be a Hunter
Yeah I'll be a Hunter again
Oh okay okay
Jumping into the cosmos
On the back rooms
Step the back rooms he is
Oh I'm the Hunter I'm the Hunter
There's a spot that I saw on Tiktok
Actually that I'm going to go to
That I want you guys to see
Alright Jet use your powers
If you're watching to tell me where they are
I mean don't cheat but use my
Look at my stream and tell me if you see them
Don't look at Christine's stream
That's okay I'm trying to hide in
Stupid places
I'm bad enough at reading chat
They could literally say they're right there and I would
Somehow miss it
I'm trying to hide in the dumbest places man
I'm trying to
How did people do this
The airy place
Do do do do do do do do do do
I'm having too much fun just
Looking around fuck
Oh I have a full minute
Full minute
Fuck
I can't do the thing I want to do
I just don't know how to get to the spot
I'm going to put on
Okay different spot different spot
I'm going to put on some playlist
Let's listen to some cosmic jams Jet
No no no
Almost turn off
Game sound
Yeah
Okay
There are many little spots to hide
I'll ask myself where would I hide
I'm good
I'm expecting to get caught
I don't think any of us are good right now
Just
If we were bad maybe
Okay where would I hide if I was terrible
Dumb
I'm expecting to get caught
Right away
To be honest
Yeah but you probably won't
It's time to be methodical champ
I'm looking
For shapes
Looking for weird shapes
Holy
I thought I heard someone in here
Damn
Damn are you giving him hands
That's crazy
Who's giving him
The chat
It's big
I literally told them to
He can't go away
I'm going to let him shoot us
I literally told them to
Dude that was so dumb
Okay I don't hear anybody
I got my hunter killer music on
Right now
Okay that one's too easy
Oh
That one I didn't even need
Chat Kendall
I have to
What
Are you a plant
Damn Justin
I do get that texture damn
That's crazy
Oh I hear something
I did okay I did okay
My color picker is not working
Like your color picker is
Wait Kendall were you just
Against the wall or
Yeah I was trying to do it
This tiktok did
Which is draw it but I couldn't
That one easy for me
He said he found me
Dude I was
I was blending in with the couch
He was like how he had to look for it
It was so funny
I mean chat literally said the couch arm
And then you were fucked
I did cheat
How dare you
I think I might
I think I might have found you eventually
But there's no telling
It was pretty good though
This thing really does make a difference
Dude that's pretty good
That's pretty good
I guess I should
Turn this music down that I'm blasting for some reason
Dude but look at how many
Points Jamie got
Oh you guys didn't turn into
Hunters
No it was just
This is the mode now where we can see each other
We can see each other
Oh I see this
I kind of like us not seeing
Chetler and then becoming hunters
Right
No we can do that
We can do that man
But I want to
I want to be solo hunter
At one point
Dang I was really only finding people because of the whistles I think
And Kendall was just in the open
Let's try to do a thing
We're playing nice now
No one's run
I tried to run away but I got stuck
We're going to make it
If they find us we're going to skedaddle
And hide again
Was that whistling?
Actually that's funny
Imagine if we were to start all
Hiding in the same place
In like one minute
One person gets caught we skedaddle
And at the moment they say oh and we all
Scatter
The balls to whistle that much
Can I be totally honest with you guys
That was a random shot
I did not see you
Was it that funny though
Was it that good
I still don't see you honestly
Is your corpse there?
He's at the bottom right there
I don't see you
I still don't see you
I think I'm gone now
I think I'm gone now
For us we see you I think for case
He doesn't
So the shadows were gone right
Which means you really couldn't tell I was there
I literally shot there because I was like
I guess I might hide there
See but that's what it was like for me
Where I was like having a hard time
Because I couldn't see any of your guys' shadows
Kendall was the only one so far that was like
Just very apparent as soon as I saw it
Yeah, it's cause I wasted most of that time
Trying to do like
Get onto a spot that I saw on tiktok
That I just couldn't fucking do
Wait, so when you shot me as a balloon
Or you didn't shoot me but you shot the balloon
If I wouldn't have moved
You shot me right there
Yeah, I knew you were in this area
So I might have found you eventually
But I didn't see you when I shot
You're just shooting randomly
If I would have waited I would have
I could have hid from you
Yeah, probably
Alright, whistle
Somebody
Oh no, he gets one more
It's Justin, yeah
He gets a free beat
Oh, let's see
Justin's cheeks are clutched
I don't even know where Justin is
Let's click to find him
Oh, I forgot I could do that
Huh, so do you guys not auto whistle
Ever?
We can, we can auto whistle
It did auto whistle just now
I couldn't hear it
I'll give you another one
Is it cause you're blasting music
No, I think I'm supposed to be too far away
I don't hear anything
Oh, no I do
I think you must be far away
Run, case run
I'm trying, I'm trying to help you
5 seconds
Oh my god
Oh, nice
So you have to get everybody or you lose
Damn, I walked right by you like three times
Yeah, you were staring at me for a while
Yeah, you know, I think Christine is right about the shadows
Like you definitely are now way more visible
Exactly, exactly
I think that's what it was like
You can turn the shadow off
I forget what button it is
It says at the bottom left
There's like an option to turn your shadow off
And I, depending on the spot
I'd turn that shadow off
I think I would have got found so easy
It was on
Oh, good job
Can I skip this?
Yeah
Answer check
Can I, I can paint my, I can still paint myself
As the kids
I can still paint myself
As the killer
Yeah, you can make yourself a little suit
Which is what people do with stuff
That's why I gave myself a little dress
And a
Javen, yours was so funny, didn't you?
I love that
Oh, I see
Yeah, hilarious
Little feet
Oh, sweetie
Oh, sweetie, did you die standing there?
There we go
I did
I died in that corner
I was running, I was trying to run
And I was running into the corner
Draw a drawing, I've got it
Now that I know I can do that
Let's have Kendall be the only one in the middle
That way we can do one more like this
And then we can switch to the mode where
If we get found we can become hunters
Javen also hasn't done Hunter yet, right
Justin and Hunter, yeah
Yeah, we're cool with whatever dude
Yeah, we can do
This is just a funny
Yeah
I just want to see what you guys see, you know
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Because after this then if we get caught
Then we become hunters, you know
Yeah
Alright, sendation
I'm going to turn the ending timer down a little bit
Oh for
Garrett Moore's true life size
So
Question for you guys
Well
The magic guys
The magic boys
I've been looking at all the marvels
And I saw that there's a fantastic floor commander
Deck
Hell yeah
Is it worth looking into that
Or should I
Do you want to play it
Or do you just want to collect it
I mean like kind of both
What the fuck
The thing with commanders is if you buy like one of the pre-made decks
And you want to play it you probably want to play against
Someone else with a pre-made deck
Which I will totally get a marvel deck and play if you want
But uh
It just depends if you want to just have the cards or not
That, okay
Oh yeah, I got a hide
I was just vibing out looking at this place
Yeah, just chilling and like
Seeing the cat
Unfortunately Kendall's seen all the TikToks
So I feel like I can't do any of the TikToks
Yeah, no no
Alright, we gotta try chat
Sorry
Wait, how do you drop down
If you're climbing something
Because you can't
I think you just jump again
Maybe
I'm having a hard time picking where I want to go
Dang it
That's probably good enough
Oh well
Oh
I'm so locked right now
I don't know the fucking Vinci bro
Um, I forgot how to paint
For a second dudes
Aw man, I'm out of time
I haven't even started painting myself yet
Really
Maybe we need to come to you last
You're saying that like you know where I am
Yeah
You never know
Stream sniped
Too easy
I'm coming
Also if you see me, I'm Harry Potter
This is the dumbest thing I've ever done
Okay
Wasn't that funny again
You're so small compared to everything else
I always do think they're gonna be bigger
I think we're bigger than
It appears is the killer
Is the killer bigger than all of us?
Yeah, killer's way bigger
Huge
Oh my god, wasn't that great though
That was so funny
That was really funny
I'm looking at everyone else's
I gotta close that gap
I'm like I'm gonna hide somewhere obvious
I saw someone walk
Oh, I saw someone clip through this
I'm so sorry, whoever this is
You clipped
I blew it
I blew it
I should have left it
I should have left it
I almost escaped
I did
Is there someone here?
That is too submission
That is true
That's funny
What?
A falling candle around
That was really good
It's hard to see though
Crazy
I could see you on that shit at all
Oh
I'm not crazy how hard it is
That's fucking crazy
This is pretty good
I feel like I haven't been over here
I'm trying to find these guys
with the name plates turned off
We can just turn off the name plates
and see if we can find them
This is why we should switch back
to if you get found
if you become an actor
Yeah
Let's see if we can find everyone
It is
Although I do like having the free roam mode
No
Kettle was shooting it
Kettle shot everyone
What was everybody else?
I didn't even get to look
I was too busy painting
So you died as a turd
I think mine would have worked
but I moved like a dummy
Yeah
I was like
I'll just say I saw Case through
the back of the thing he was hiding on
which is why I saw him
Like he was clipping
This is so funny Christine
I definitely wouldn't have seen Case
This is like a crazy spot
I was attached to the horses
and like
I couldn't see that shit at all
It was really just the whistle
But you were looking at me
right?
If I didn't move you would have shot me
Yes
If you didn't whistle as much as you did
I wouldn't have known you were there
That wasn't me, that was Jamie
Jamie?
That's funny
That was Jamie
and I couldn't not see you
That was crazy
Does that mean we lose the free cam thing?
Yeah it does
That means if you get caught
you become a hunter
and you have to find everyone now
You have to find everyone too
I'm going to add a little extra time
for drawing
You're such a cabbage
You're such a baby cabbage
I thought it was cute
You were so small
It might also
I hid there because I
I ran out of time where I wanted to be
Oh yeah for sure
Or figuring out where to go
is what I meant
I'm walking off this
I ain't no hunter
At least not right now
Wow
Okay, we're going for this
Type of
No, that's too dumb made out of he's made out of anti-energy
how do I rotate on the
pain of
Okay, that's not gonna work guys. I'm just doing stupid shit left and right man
And I will expand my kingdom and
Infect the people's in my paint dimension and that's my pitch for the next
Hammett a hit a 24
Backroom spin-off
Good pitch good pitch
Okay, I
Hear they're like I don't have to do anything ready to look for stuff. This is the little it's pretty low effort of me
I feel good about it. Okay
I'm gonna find y'all so hard
Are you the are you the thing? Oh, yeah
You weren't listening to my spiel about how I was gonna hunt you down
No, I wasn't really
Was a metallic blue
Hunter I
See you see chat. This is why I stopped doing bits because like who am I not appreciate when it needed me
Hmm
Chat run a poll right now if I should ever do a bit ever again
I can do that
It'll be multiple choice to
It's unfortunately, I don't have that tech never mind, okay damn it man damn it man
15 seconds
I'm so excited to find you
I have some paint for you
The winner was tickled bits
My opinion on
God bless them everyone
country runs on
Awesome
Yeah, I'm in the penguin room right now and well, let's just say things aren't looking
Yeah, you look terrifying what the fuck
And the liars I'll do some toss is that I'm still fucking painting
I
Crazy, it's my fault for always choosing something so
Good
Murder Barney punching their butt cheeks. I can hear it
To separate
No
Room
You think someone's still in here
You saw me stick we stick with the host way case we stick with us. No, I'm doing my own thing
He's doing his own thing
I'm too I'm too maverick here to be contained
Nothing to see here. Yeah, I'll walk away. I'll walk away
Listen, it's host ways fault
I said I'm not
Go for I'll go for Justin at less than 10 seconds unless he moves
Dead but it's good
The timer should be way lower and maybe the whistle shouldn't happen as much for sure. Yes
This seems like way too much time
I'm not listening to that. I'm not anticipating that. That's my bad. Yeah, you two seconds
Like right there scary
Scary
Yeah, I cannot tell where these whistles are
That was not in the room of Justin somewhere else
That's really good that's really really good
Is what is it Justin that's just left it's so good guys
You found Justin and you haven't even shot him yet. It was too. It was too cute. I couldn't I
Oh, I felt too good. Oh, is it this one? Did you find it?
No, that's case case was in here, I'm surprised you still see trace that
Did you see me to come here come here come here look in this mouth of the penguin
I just thought I heard someone up here
I got a look
In the mouth. Yeah. Yeah
If you I'm surprised then
It's jaymen up here. Oh my god. James. Totally up here somewhere. It's what the whistle feels like it's up here to me
But I can't hear just can't hear jaymen's in here. I can't tell where the whistle is
Yeah, I thought it's not like he was up to
You don't think jaymen's in here. Oh, it sounds way more like it's in here. I hear it. I hear it. Is he inside the room? I
Can't tell
What the fuck
I should probably shouldn't even be able to hide right where I am. I think you are above us then I
Guess get the fondom
I feel like I can't shoot
Where was it
Way
But it's
Justin was in this corner. Wait guys. Follow me. Justin was in this corner. Follow me. Follow me. Follow me
Justin was like that
Right here
That's how I felt painting the whole time
Although I do hear you say that you were by the penguins and that did make me
You're like
Oh my god, I still haven't seen it yet. Christine yours is so good
No, were you sushi?
That's so funny
I was like a penguin tumor
Mine was very innovative
Hey, I was found second I'll have you know, that means it was the second best I mean second worst
Okay, absolutely I'm gonna be getting my sacrificial position
Oh
Shit, okay
The hell is this place
Um, how high in the ceiling can we go? This is crazy. I'm gonna be right here. I
Feel like I just keep choosing dumb places man
This is gonna this is that this is gonna be a tough one to like look for people
I'm just trying to get over there. Damn it. It's not doable the frick. There we go
Guys, I feel like oh
Man, you're feeling I feel like my
Color dropper doesn't work like your guys's color dropper
Why?
Cuz every time I grab a color it looks completely different. Oh
Mine looks different too. I just do some shadings and stuff. I see okay. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, and the roughness
Just the roughness, too. Yeah
Okay, I never give myself much of a painting challenge. You got to know your limitations yet
That's funny. I've been giving myself plenty of
Challenges
It's really hard actually you guys aren't ready for my fit
That's how I feel oh shit man, I didn't realize how much time there was left
Fuck I'm not ready at all. No, how do I get out? I'm in paint mode. There we go. Okay
No
No
Wow, you guys have so much shit to hide on
You like them good enough. Yeah
Dumber than yours
Now we wait for a million years
Are you are you flying around and you know
Yeah, Jamie remember you could just climb
So much shit. Oh, this one feels impossible to me. I would be having a panic attack as a hunter low-key, bro
Oh
Somebody got
Super snipes he's slick with it
Were we in the same spot you guys are like right by each other
Funny
Double the finders it was honestly it was like the weird angle from the side where I was like, oh wait, that's bulging out. Yeah, that's funny
I gave him a taunt
Oh, man, I'm gonna go to a high vantage point
I was close that was close to me. I'm feeling so secure
So secure
I'm unkillable
No, I'm still alive. He was a churro. Yeah, I was I was very careful something he was a he was the backside of a gingerbread Mayan
Who's a ginger?
10 seconds 10 seconds for a whistle. Oh
Okay, so we're close to me. I see I didn't hear it at all
Pretty good
I
Do you guys walked over me a lot actually
We're so close to each other. I didn't even realize I just like jumped on a wall and started right from the start
That's you can see your your body from over here
That's what I was like
Far away
Yeah, I just lay on the floor
Me oh
Yeah, but like when you're on the ground like when you do one of the
Like you can see just you you know
Think we have to remember that we're gonna
All right, it's gonna make you guys download stuff. We're at the we finished all the maps that they have in the game
Okay, now we're gonna start playing
some of the fan made one
sick
Click here to start downloading
starting to download
Swimming pool
Licker than you
Hey chat if you haven't used your prime subscription
Go ahead
Guys remember to ring the bell notification of our AI overlords to make sure that you get the things that they want you to get
Okay
Okay, let's do something stupid
Not if I do something stupid first
I'm gonna do the stupidest thing and none of you guys can stop me from it
You guys see what I'm going for
It's not gonna work. Oh, can I not do that? Come on. Oh, man. I can't do that
Freakin right fine
Absolutely, it's interesting that like that's that's too much
There's an upstairs
Crazy. Oh
It's not as convincing as I'd like man where I wanted to go I can't go and now I'm lost
We'll refine from here. Don't worry. It's gonna be flawless
Damn bad a bing bad a boom boom boom. Hmm. You know what? I said the guns the other way
my damn camellia
I'm gonna change this straight to this
All right, the big bad life cards coming for you
Nice shorts
I
Somebody's been messing around in my boo
Where'd all the water go first off I drank it. Oh, oh my god. This is incredible
I need to let you know you're blinking because you're too close to stuff
Oh, I didn't even realize I didn't even realize it's the only way that I could find you. I'm gonna let you
I'm gonna give you a second chance to you
Okay, I was gonna say okay fine. Okay, wait, this is better
I'll leave I couldn't even see what you were talking about
That's great
Okay, okay whistles. I don't think I'm I don't think I'm gonna last long
Everybody was kind of far for me Dean
Technically, I'm already I've already been found. Okay
This one works. I'll be I feel like I'm actually doing the scanning technique that the lifeguards
Like there's no other doors it's just this room. I don't know. I've never I've never done it. Oh
Oh
Beach ball I've already been found
I should have been our key of flag
No, no
Oh, wow, is it maybe it is just this I am I'm flying around. It's only just a
Room
Yeah, the big pool and then the other room. Oh, they're so close
I can taste them
Gross
I yeah, it's kind of gross. It's kind of glory
Got them
I just want to say that I stayed a turtle
I
Was hiding next to this small turtle
Or this turtle here
But then I didn't realize that I was like not I was covered enough to where like it would show in a red outline
Where I am for sure for sure because I was too busy painting
And Justin found me in the middle of painting
And so I just went somewhere else but stayed as a turtle
There's a peter griffin flag
Oh
I found you kind
It was pretty good
I saw it because I went to the side
I didn't really see what you were going for you then
Vending machine. I don't see your corpse though
I was getting a little cocky
Wow
You were blinking
I was on the other side of the vending machine. I was going to try and do a whole lap. That's pretty good
Nice case. Nice case. Thank you. Thank you. That was my head game when when case shot
Christine I got damaged or something
So Justin you were down
You shot case I thought you got me because I was right here. Oh
I need everyone to come to my vending machine. I was like, I'm so cooked and then I saw that case got revealed. I was like, oh wait
It's like
Yeah, but I wanted to do a whole lap
I did my strikes
It's so funny from afar, man, but I like I said I went to the side
I tried I tried to paint the side
It's
So funny
Your turtle is so good. Thanks. Thanks. It was good next to that other turtle
Hey guys, look at that thing at the bottom of the
That's so
Subscribing
I
Have you eaten dinner
My sister and I eat lunch. I might have to stop in one or two because I didn't eat
Oh, okay. Yeah, and I gotta go hit the gym in a little bit. Okay
So let me
So maybe we raid brave
Yeah
Then we pop back when
Yeah, we can come back later. Yeah
What map is this? Oh, this one's bowling alley. It's a bowling alley
What the fuck? Where do you even begin in this place? I'm going for it guys
This is the last one I have to try
Okay, wait start with this what?
Oh, there are fake us. Do you guys see that? There's fake people. Oh, I can't like select this color
Oh, no, I think I clipped out. Oh, no
Oh, I can't even pick these colors
How do I get back inside? That's unfortunate
Whoa weird. Oh, no
This way I can see you. Yeah, I can't do that one. I was gonna go for it
Uh, no, no, no, no, I can't I can't well turn left a bit. I'm in the paint dimension. I'm in turn left
Turn around turn around
Oh, no, we can't we'll try this one. Oh, okay. Now I'm like gone gone. I'm under the map. Okay. They respond me. Thank god
That would be crazy
Uh, no time no time
Sucks
No time
Oh my gosh, you can't select this color either. Okay, that's too bad. Well, you're gonna have to be boring
Turn my roughness up. I wanted to do something more challenging, but I can't click on some of these colors
Damn, it's not making me more shiny. I guess I shouldn't have said that
Turn my roughness up
I don't know what that means though
I kind of enjoy doing the the more like
Harder things to do. Does that make sense? Yeah
I was gonna do a hard one and then it didn't work at all. So I had to just do an easy one
My name is Charles and I'm here in a bowl
How many shoes?
How do you have large feet?
I'm fine. I'm not sure about my choices
Shoes
Oh, I was about to make a
Yep
Sick bowling shirt
Hey there
Hey there, I can see you, buddy. You're uh, you're just laid out there, aren't you?
I'm just gonna look away and you can go find something else
You as well
Go go go find somewhere else
Um
There's some
Why I'm gonna turn around and you better be gone
When I come look back, I don't want to see you here
Same goes for you
I like free roaming this is fun
Okay free roaming
Yeah five and then four
Five and then four
I got got by fucking
By the decoys already twice
There's some good ones to hide over here. They could be in the rafters
Hey, where are these fucking whistles?
Oh
That's for you. I got distracted by the
XQC in the arcade
Oh, he is here
Oh damn lunar defender
Oh
We're gonna whistle in about 10 seconds and I'm going to hear you
Can we see the other people while we free roam?
No
Yeah, this is apparently a custom map I miss you let you I can smell you god damn it
The decoys are crazy. Yeah, this one's crazy, huh?
I think you'll find me. So I I believe wait. That's a decoy. That's crazy
I think it's all the decoys, you know
Yeah, I think if you could if we can see them they're a decoy if we can see the free roaming. Yeah
Yeah
Oh
Amazing amazing
That was a great spot. Oh, you were a neon bowling sign
I wanted to do the neon color, but you couldn't pick the neon color. So I decided to do the blue part
You have to put down. Well, that's already I realized you have to put down your roughness. Yeah, that's what chats
But I didn't metallic or whatever, right
I didn't know what it meant roughness is roughness all the way down is shiny like a mirror
and um
Yeah
If you combine that with high metallic you get shiny metallic
We shall listen
20 seconds, I believe I don't know
I know where you are
If they find me I will find you
Wait, but how can you see them? No, I think we could hear each other for sure
Oh, someone's right here. There's no one over here
That makes me think jesson and I are next to each other
Yeah, there's someone like at this bar area for sure. I don't see anybody at all
Whoever hit at the bar is crazy with it
Yeah, whoever hit at the bar is crazy
You're super far away. Hmm. Oh, well we lose
No, where were you?
You guys are so funny
I heard a really loud whistle in free roam and I it came right from this pack and I was like
Ah, somebody's in there. I did not know it was two people
Nice paint job can
Thank you
I think I did a good job
That's so funny. Yeah, dude. I started doing this. I was like my lines are too crooked. My lines are too crooked
I have to be
Okay, I do one more I think
One more
That's fun. Everybody else good for one more. Yeah
This game is too stressful
Oh, I see the roughness and stuff
It's shiny. It's a reflective
That candle the neon sign was so good. I thought when Jason was like I was trying to be a neon sign. I was like
What's that like
You're taking us to the
We're going to quantum quantum, uh, uh
Quadrantum quadrat. What was it?
When you
We're in office
Everything's so large here. Yeah, no babies. We're gonna be
Let's see
I'm gonna die, but I'm gonna do it anyway
First
Okay, it's time to get murdered
Okay, and then
And then
I'm panicking. I'm panicking guys chat. You're right
Oh, whoops
There's a way to make it less splashy
It's too bad for me
And this is my cave. I think that might be the roughness. I'm not sure
And my shoes
My shoes, okay
God fuck and then okay
and heart
and then
And then my angry face
My angry face
murder face
And then some hair what do you guys think?
It's
Yes, this is a hunter
Oh
Wait, why am I going? Oh, wait. Oh, I have to take off my painting. Okay. Let's see. Wow
Wow, that is a scary hunter for sure
Don't that look beautiful. Is that k for christine? Yes
He has it is a yellow underwear
Yes, yes, yes
Yes, yellow underwear shots
I always forget that I do crouch like this
Oh
Oh my god
All right. Where were you?
Damn
I thought it would at least take you a minute. I would be honest. That was a random shot
Oh my god
Oh
That was a random shot. I'm gonna be pretty well hidden
Yeah, I couldn't see you. I couldn't see you. It was literally just oh got one
They could just lie under the couch like that
I'm missing all the good kills
That one that one I literally just thought was out of place. I was like that looks like
Coffee beans
I was trying to be coffee beans
Oh so far away
Shit, that's interesting just there
Unless to walk right by see I thought about hiding there
I can't believe this is working at all
Oh
Fucking got me, bro
That was pretty good. I was I was behind the plant. I was like like sticking out
And like my wall was or my arm was like the painted like the wall
I was originally gonna be painting and that fell
So far way
I think that's where I am somewhere
Okay, somehow this is working
We're all like on this floor man
Wait
There was no whistle in here Christine. I thought there was
I thought I heard it. I can't believe this is working
Case whistle one more time
I mean, I think you'll find me. No, it's gonna. It's gonna. We still have 135. I think you guys are 100% gonna find me
And I am somewhat shocked that you haven't
10 seconds
You did?
All right, you guys ready for this? Yeah, he's right here
That's really good
It's so working
That's so pretty
I only knew because I was there was a little a glare from the window that wasn't matching you
Like there's like a little bit on your on your arm
From my perspective it is pretty far off
It's so funny
It's so good
You were to put his uh his what is it the the reflected force he would match the it would match the the glare
Yeah
Oh, yeah, I can see how that's hard to see though
Dude, I don't she just took a shot literally in the dark and hit me
Christine was over here. Oh, I see that was good. This is good
Yeah
I was trying to be coffee beans
That's really good
Oh, that's pretty good. I like this one. Yeah
Oh, yes, Justin was hiding was really good, but I just took that random shot
Yeah, that's crazy of you like I think if I didn't do that it would have been crazy
Okay, six gg's everyone
Wow
Another time
Three
Bye
Yeah, pick me up when we're back
Yeah
All right
Let's see
Who is on let us find out
I've left my collaboration
Okay
No more music
No more
We will both raid
Miss Slater
Okay, everybody, um
I gotta go eat something. I'm in my blue mode because the window is open
Uh, we'll be back on
What monday there we go monday
Also, just a heads up. I will be out of town
Oh, that's so far off. It doesn't even matter. It doesn't even matter
But the weekend of the fourth I won't be on stream at all basically because I'm traveling but that's
two weeks off
So we'll talk about that next week. I gotta order some barts
Everyone those barts aren't in
It could be too late, but honestly, it'll take me a minute to put all the barts in a photoshop file. So
We really are desperate
Get those barts on
Anyway, it's just a case raid. Say hi to aesthetics later for me. Have a wonderful weekend and we'll talk to you soon
Bye. Bye
I'm still here. I'm still vibing
alternate universe, but be you know
I'm starting to disappear from this world. My ears aren't even lasting
Oh