Oh my gosh there's a hype train going right away.
Right as we start.
Uh, whoa and it's growing.
It's a ferocious train.
Good to see everybody.
Uncle Phil, Jay Monty Sport, Fight Apple DApple, S1000, Tasty Zero, Stormburn, Propaganda,
Superbeast Live and Sleazy, Ralph Munchkut's Multiversal Forms, Stoney, Subreechi.
Great to see everybody.
Every butter.
Feed me your butter.
Damn, a hype train.
Oh my god.
We gotta thank some people.
Um, what happens if I type in Democrat type trap beat into YouTube?
We'll get this hype train out here to do some things before it is probably banished back to
hell.
Oh my god people are going crazy today.
Pino is already being over served.
Wow look at this.
Of course, of course there's a video for this.
Why wouldn't there be?
Alright hype train what are you doing today?
How are you doing today?
What's up?
You're a hype train?
What the hell is that all about?
Yeah, I'm not hype train, face.
It's nothing new man.
Or is it maybe I'm new every fucking time?
The best way to get something done if you hold near and dear to you that you like
to be able to.
This beat goes kind of fucking hard man.
This thanks people for buying it.
Oh my god.
It was yelling, but I didn't know in the fucking show.
What's up brothers?
You're not talking today?
You're doing that thing where you don't talk?
Damn it microphone I'm sorry.
Let me see if I can get that to work for you.
Be silent for the track.
You're not going to get covid if you have these vaccinations.
You're not gonna get COVID if you have these vaccinations.
Uh, oh.
Oh, I know the track.
Oh, talk.
Furbabeck, by the stock assistant.
I'm returning soon.
I want you to talk to that guy.
Blackwell to host the roast for me.
Okay.
Just lay it in to me, brother.
Damn.
This is Democratic Whisper.
Whisper's dark trap beat.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you.
Okay, I hate this beat. I hate this beat. We're trying again.
Okay, this will happen.
We're on to Travis Scott. By the time I find a beat for the hype train, it's gonna be
dead. You need to hurry up and thank all these people hype train.
Oh, shoot. Okay. Like I've had a lot of biscuits coming in from the top as well. You shoot
out for my boy.
Okay.
What's that?
What's that hype train?
Thank you. Thank you. I've trained and he forgot to thank Super Beast at the end
there and also Lego feet. Thank you so much for the follow yesterday.
I fell asleep to that hype that sometimes just you know, I've seen it before.
He wraps all the time. Sometimes it does put me to sleep.
I need a new jacket. This jacket's getting gross.
We got to remember to do that today. Today we're sorting that out for real.
Thank you all so much for the subs for both summoning and sending the hype train back to hell.
That is what I love. I love to see.
You love the jacket. I could just see how bad it gets.
Maybe I should just put this jacket through some stuff.
Maybe I need to make Mr. Beast style jacket challenge videos.
What can I do in this jacket? Can I scale a mountain in this jacket?
I'm assuming you could.
I couldn't. I'm assuming somebody could.
But we we're going to get a new jacket. It's supposed to be munch's thing that he's going to get a jacket.
We'll see if they get some today and if they do, it's got to finally be we're not going through sheen.
We'll spend money if we have to.
We'll get a new jacket of some sort.
They make washable jackets. They make washable.
I mean, I've washed this jacket a bunch of times. I don't even know if it's washable.
I just set cheap jackets so I just wash it all the time.
But right now it's it's all I think even if you wash something though,
eventually it just collects all the juice of the news.
Most of the box will send you coats. Oh, I could get my own P.O. box.
The cream team P.O. box probably still exists.
That's got to be Cassin's job now, right?
You know what my job is sort of not really, but technically this is a news station.
Let's do some news.
I ran up to the camera. That's how excited I am to be here.
Back from the DNC wasn't for me. Returned.
I didn't realize you were already back from the DNC.
This music is loud as hell. And that's the way it should be.
Insanely loud Jeff music. You bet.
That's nice for you. It is nice.
Look for jackets. Case, we're getting requests to look for jackets.
We'll look for... I'll send it to Munch and Crumb after we do whatever we've decided is...
What's the news?
Um, protests.
There's protests at the DNC. Did you know that?
Um, I guess that's not too surprising.
No, look, who's unimpressed? I'm not saying I'm unimpressed.
I'm just saying it might not be surprising.
Munch goes to Goodwill.
Put the wig on, go to Goodwill.
But do what now? Sorry. I mean, go to Goodwill, Munch.
Just go to the local Ralph's.
Are you ready to make a jacket out of celery case?
How committed are you to the news?
What does that have to do with being committed to the news?
You have to ask, then you just don't really get it, do you?
I... I finish your words.
Stop finishing my words.
At least 55 arrested after clashes outside during Chicago DNC.
More than 1,000 pro-Palestinian protesters rallied Wednesday evening.
Just half a mile from Chicago Park where Israeli demonstra...
Sorry, pro-Israel demonstrators gathered on the third night of the Democratic Convention.
The opposing demonstrations came a day after violent clashes between police and protesters.
Led to 56 arrests.
Police escorted pro-Israel demonstrators out of a park near the United Center
as the area was blocked off ahead of a march of activists heading there.
Munch could wear his birthday suit.
Allah Oscar De La Hoya.
Are you even listening to me do the news?
No, I am. I mean, that's...
I'm on the side of the protesters. Oh, okay.
But you're so concerned with your jacket.
I just... there was a question about the jacket.
Ugh.
What's there to protest? The world is going fantastic.
That's what I thought. I thought Obama.
We all were so excited. We got to see two Obamas.
There were two Obamas last night.
And for weird Bernie fans?
Well, I mean, I voted for him. I don't... I'm not like a cult of Bernie guy.
If you voted for him, you are.
And also, you didn't get to vote for him. No, I voted for him in the primary.
And then everything is fine.
Everything is fine. Yeah. And I think both Obamas talked.
Where a nation divided, but we're capable of being a nation Obama again.
Is he running again? No, it's Kamala.
Oh, but she's Obama.
She's... Oh, Kamala.
They kind of rhyme. I just sort of got that.
They don't. It's an off rhyme at best.
Does Case Dare do the two Obamas as a news segment?
Um...
We might have to...
We might have to call Fiona or somebody to see if they feel like guesting on the stream.
To do commentary on that segment where the two Obamas show up.
You can request them as an expert.
We might have to... They might join us by audio only just a heads up.
If anybody makes particular requests like that.
Oh my God, Bill Clinton speaks tonight. We might be on for it.
If he speaks in the next two hours, we might be in luck.
Oh, goody.
Let's see these protests in action.
Just to confirm that they happened.
Because again, I thought everybody was so pumped for Obama
that there was nothing to protest.
Oh, what a surprise.
There's a cop for an expert.
Who? Fiona? An expert on being black and gay.
I can't...
I might have to...
She might have to join us via audio too.
How's that gonna look?
Well, you know, she's not here to do the face swap in real time, so...
I guess I could call her and see how she's doing.
I feel like it's always a little aggressive to call someone and be like,
you're on stream.
Yeah, I don't know about that one either.
Entity has battled the New Zocalypse for 22 months.
Entity, thank you so much for the 22.
How about this? I'll ask Fiona if she feels like popping into a stream
either this week or next week.
And that'll be how we pay off that particular request, Cyclo,
because it's been too long since we've chatted to Phi.
I can probably get her to at least click on a ninja link for like 10 minutes.
The late great Fiona Nova...
You know, Fiona Nova's reporting across the border.
The late great Fiona Nova's...
French gay lesbians are pouring across the border?
Well, that's what happens in my fan fiction at least.
And I think it's based on real thoughts I had.
Let's watch these protests, Jeff.
Oh, it's muted. Why is it muted?
And we had a group that showed up and...
This is the cops talking?
They showed up with the intent on committing acts of violence, vandalism.
That was their intent.
As a Chicago police department, we did everything that we could
to de-escalate that situation.
No reason not to trust them.
But there's only so much de-escalation that you can attempt
before it becomes excessive repetition.
We declared a mass arrest...
Excessive repetition.
After our officers were physically confronted and attacked.
We were not the initiators of violence.
And there's no video to prove that they were probably...
And our officers responded exactly the way that they were trained to respond.
Flawlessly.
I wasn't even aware that there were arrests last night
because I was watching TV.
But based on my experience in Chicago and just with cops in general,
I'm not going to really give them the benefit of the doubt.
And that's because you're not a serious news guy.
It's in the portfolio they give you.
The news portfolio you get when you graduate journalism academy.
Journalism academy?
When you graduate Sunny Mondale Journalism Academy.
Sounds like a preschool.
I started young.
Anyway, it's in the portfolio.
Handbook? No, it's a portfolio.
Anyway, it says always err on the side of being really, really nice to cops.
So I am.
Anyway,
police escorted pro-Israel demonstrators out of a park.
And we saw that.
Meanwhile, pro-Palestinian protesters in Union Park played hacky sack.
That's a violent sport.
I think this is them not, this is after the arrest.
Okay, they're playing hacky sack, but I've got my eye on them.
Parents carried children atop their shoulders,
and others sat on the grass on their shoulders.
That's dangerous up there.
I don't like it when parents think that their shoulders can handle children.
This is all meant, they're saying they weren't doing anything violent on Wednesday afternoon.
He kettleed them and forced them to confront us, so we had to beat them.
Well, you said it best be, Grendel.
What choice did they have?
Are they not supposed to kind of make a big line and slowly push them?
Yeah, it would be nice if they didn't do that.
Oh, that's an option.
I honestly didn't realize that was an option.
Anyway, the whole world is watching is what these gentle protesters,
case's words says.
The crowd included residents of Chicago's southwest suburbs,
which have one of the large concentrations of Palestinian,
one of the largest, sorry, concentrations of Palestinians in the country.
Buses picked up families and students from area mosques to bring them to the demonstration.
Raid Shook, 48, brought his children from the suburbs,
including his two-year-old son, Shook.
I wish I knew, but I don't exactly know how to pronounce that.
Whose parents are Palestinian said they have come to so many realities
that his son knows the chance by heart.
Everybody's humanity needs to be equally addressed here and there, he said, of Gaza.
I want to help my children learn from this experience
that you always like to stand up for your rights and always peacefully protest.
Wait, were they arrested Tuesday night?
Or tonight?
Closing demonstrations after a day of violent clashes.
More than a thousand propanals rallied Wednesday.
So was it last night that they were arrested?
I should know, but I actually can't quite tell from the way this article is written.
But I could just be being, you know, very obtuse as usual.
The rally near the United Center was organized by...
Okay, I already read that.
The crowd included residents of Chicago's southwest suburbs,
which have one of the largest concentrations.
We read that. I literally read all that.
The rally near the United Center was organized by the US-Palestinian community network
of Palestinian and Arab community-based organization.
It came one night after an intense standoff with the Chicago police
at a protest not affiliated with a coalition of more than 200 groups
that has organized other permitted rallies and marches this week.
So these were unsanctioned protests.
Yeah, everybody's most dangerous protest, the unsanctioned type.
Flamence-Lewis says, got a pick of Chicago PD riverboat with guns
trained on Trump Tower Chicago today.
What? Why?
To protect the tower from all the dangerous children on shoulders.
They're twice as tall when they're up there.
Sometimes three times as tall. The kids themselves.
200 groups and they had 1,000 protesters.
I need to start a five-person group.
Well, two people is a group. I think at three people.
No.
Gabriella and Rodrigo, the guitar players.
That's a group. The guitar players.
Gabriella and Rodrigo counts as a group.
Two or more is a group in police terms.
Exactly. They could have had as many as 100 groups with 200 people.
Can you imagine how dangerous that is? 100 protesting groups?
Also, was it just a thousand?
That actually seems like kind of a light protest turnout for the DNC.
Which usually, which every time either the DNC or RNC happens,
there's protests outside of them.
It's in the back freed thread. Let's check it out.
Here you go, Jeff. Here's the boys in blue just doing what they need to.
Well, I'm just saying I err on the side of being extremely generous to police at all times.
Because I'm a journalist.
Okay, they do have guns. Although trained?
Well, I guess it's pointed in that direction.
But maybe he's just kind of lounging.
Because he's on the river. Maybe it's more of like a Pepe Le Pew.
He's thinking of a lost love and his elbows on the gun.
And it just sort of shifted it towards people.
You don't like Trump. You don't even care.
I'm not against all the people in Trump Tower.
Even if it's got his fucking name slapped on the side of it.
In ban terms, five is practically a super group. Exactly.
If you're a K-pop group and you have ten people, that's a huge K-pop group.
There could have been as many as 20 K-pop groups if they were huge K-pop groups.
20?
Pepe Le Pew is canceled now? That's fine. He's always kind of been a little bit problematic.
You heard it here first. Pepe Le Pew problematic.
I guess we can't even have disgusting French skunks anymore.
Green Party resident, a presidential candidate, Jill Stein, attended Wednesday's rally
and criticized police use of force, calling them an overwhelming presence.
This is an absolute intimidation of the American people to silence our protests.
She sat in an interview with the Associated Press.
This is an absolute violation of our basic democratic rights.
What about the rights of the police to stand in increasingly closer proximity to the protesters
until they're so close that their fists are practically through their heads?
What?
Chicago police superintendent Larry Snelling said those arrested Tuesday night
outside the Israeli consulate about two miles from the United Center
where Democrats were meeting.
Wait, they're two miles away from the convention? That's so close.
Oh my God. They could disrupt traffic two miles away.
Jill Stein will always look like a Scooby-Doo villain to me.
Okay, let's test that theory.
You know, only in certain photos.
She's got a very, like, perfectly white hair.
Perfectly white. It's gray in some of these photos.
What happens when we type in Jill Stein, Scooby-Doo?
Oh, we just get Scooby-Doo.
We've got no Jill Stein in this Scooby.
Is this Jill Stein? She looks great.
That's Daphne.
Did you forget every... I was forgetting who's Velma is Daphne.
Either way, I know people were mad at that show for some reason.
Well, it was bad. Oh, it was bad. It was apparently bad.
I guess I actually do remember trying to watch an episode of it and just giving up.
However, I would like to say that's really the most you have to do.
You can just give up on watching a thing if it's bad.
No. You gotta protest.
That's acceptable protesting.
Protesting on the internet when a show is bad.
That's American protesting.
Not all this street craziness going on.
Street craziness.
People are getting arrested, Case. Are you pro-arrest?
No, I'm anti-just... Let them protest.
What are they freaking out because they burned an American flag or something?
Are we running back the classics?
Let's watch more of this protest video on this AP site.
And before it becomes excessive repetition.
Wait, we already watched this.
We declared a man's cross.
Is there any more?
These are the photos.
Oh no, look, this cop fell over on his bike.
Did the other cops push him over?
Look how many cops are around this cop on a bike.
Maybe he just can't ride a bike?
I don't have context for this photo.
His face is looking a little sideways.
This is huge news.
It looks like these other cops shoved this guy over.
Bike brutality.
Oh my God, maybe the bike committed a crime.
Oh, that could be it.
He's tactically ascertaining the bike's resistance to pavement.
Which is what they do with protesters as well.
Yes, they tactically ascertain the protesters' resistance to pavement.
Just to, you know, protect the protesters.
Let's test how strong their heads are against this pavement.
And that way we'll know how much force to use for the next protestor
that we smashed to the ground.
They've got to learn somehow, right, Case?
Look at this man.
This guy's not...
He's being arrested for not wearing his bike helmet in a safe manner.
I can't even see.
And he's supposed to protest safely.
It was an African-American bike.
I did not say that.
You just read that.
I did just read that.
And I'm also not saying that.
I'm just reading it.
All right.
Finish this story for us, Jeff.
Finish it off, he says.
Did you hear the news about Trump speaking with Netanyahu
trying to convince him to hold off on the ceasefire deal
because he's afraid...
Wait, really?
Who's reporting that?
Trump?
Netanyahu.
I don't think Netanyahu needs any convincing, by the way, to...
I don't think Trump needs any convincing
to hold off ceasefire deal negotiation.
Seems pretty committed to it on his own.
Hmm...
Here's a story on this.
Donald Trump accused of committing massive crime
with reported phone call.
Donald Trump has been accused of violating federal law
by allegedly calling Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu
to discuss the ceasefire deal the U.S. is helping negotiate
between Israel and Hamas.
The former president allegedly made the call on August 14th.
Oh, that's a week ago.
Has that passed a statute of limitations?
Nope.
I think it lasts a little longer than a week.
Oopsie, he made a real mistake then.
According to Axios, which cited two unnamed U.S. sources.
The next day, however, Netanyahu's office denied
the call took place.
Well, there you go.
And a statement quoted by the Times of Israel,
who's never...
It's like they're New York Times, meaning trusted.
Hmm...
Hmm...
Hmm...
A spokesperson said, contrary to media reports,
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu did not speak yesterday
with former President Donald Trump.
They just passed a note in class that said,
do you like ceasefire, circle yes or no?
It's unclear if a call between Trump and Netanyahu
took place, and Newsweek has contacted representatives
of the former president for comment.
If he did, it would violate the Logan Act,
which they're about to explain to us.
Multiple people have criticized Trump
in social media following reports of the phone call.
Um...
Massive crime.
Well, is it...
Are they saying that he's saying, hold off on the ceasefire?
At a press conference late Thursday, Trump said of Netanyahu,
he knows what he's doing. I encourage him to get this over with.
It has to get over with fast.
Get your victory and get it over with.
It has to stop. The killing has to stop.
Well, you agree with the last
five words of that sentence, right?
The killing has to stop.
I think the idea of victory would be
all the killing has already happened.
We've killed everyone.
Yeah, it's pretty fucking...
Ugh! I won't even play it on the stream,
but if anybody wants to...
Just because I don't think my channel is appropriate for it,
but...
If you watch a video from the...
There's like a Palestinian
Human Rights...
There's a Palestinian Human Rights Council
at the DNC,
and there's a Doctors Without Borders...
Either doctor or nurse
who they had come in.
If you listen to her story, it is...
There's a million stories like it,
which is kind of her point, but...
It's pretty fucking horrific stuff.
He went the killing of Jews has to stop.
I mean, that'd be good to stop, too, but...
I don't think they're the ones most at risk currently.
Granted, killing everyone would end the war,
so it would be a ceasefire.
Oh, is that a humanitarian thing? Thanos, sort of?
No.
No, it turns out Thanos
didn't have the best idea.
Hmm...
That was the point of that movie.
I don't know if that was the point of the movie, but...
It's my opinion on Thanos.
Controversial statements about Thanos here from Case.
Well, to wrap up the protests,
hmm...
30 people detained by police were issued citations.
One person was arrested on a felony charge for resisting police.
While nine were charged with misdemeanors
including disorderly conduct,
the intense confrontations between pro-Palestinian protesters
and officers began minutes into the demonstration.
Let's see...
It really took them minutes for those protesters to make things crazy.
Yeah...
The, um...
I've heard a lot of praise for the current Chicago mayor,
but it is always a little disheartening
how uniformly, regardless of
the seeming left or right political leanings
of Chicago mayors, or mayors in general,
how quick they are to just give the police
carte blanche to smash in heads
when there's protests.
So nice.
I think it's a good idea to have a little bit of a conversation
with the police,
so nice.
Hmm... Let's see if we can find any other videos.
Hmm... DNC protests.
2024.
Here's more from the AP.
We're going to the streets! Oh, you forgot to do this yesterday.
You gotta be careful out on those streets.
Oh, this is dangerous stuff.
I'm going to do it today because I want the
Biden-Paris administration and I want
Vice President Harris
to know that there are people
who are not willing to vote for her
if she is going to continue to harm
and fund the Israelis
and participate in justice.
I want to see transgender people be respected
for who they are
and I want peace
and love and justice.
A nice row of cops there.
Just staring all those signs down.
You know, in a
in a different world
it would be fine if there was a police presence
at protests. In fact, probably even important.
But, uh...
does not seem to be the world we live in.
Here's another one.
It was just similar to the other one.
Some reason I'm not seeing the part
where there are being extremely dangerous.
A lot of dark Brandons in there.
They've got an army of dark Brandons.
Vile of Accuracy, thank you so much for the follow.
Remember when we could run away from the world
into dolphin penises, locus chlamydia,
and sad oompa loompas? Don't worry.
I'd say the stream is still, despite my occasional
vague ventures into politics,
80% apolitical.
80% might be a little high.
70%.
I'll give you 50.
Alright. It's an assault on the eardrums, yeah.
It's just, like, protesting is...
I'm certainly pro-protesters.
I just, like, as a form of political action,
the fact that it's
responded to so violently
when there's, like, obviously way more violent form.
It's technically, like, the peaceful way
to take political action.
And it still constantly receives
a violent reaction from the state.
And they always run out the hits.
They were burning flags.
Shopkeepers were feeling nervous.
Well, have you ever owned a shop?
How do you keep it?
Get that W?
Let's get the win.
Did you see the MyPillow guy arguing with the kid at the DNC?
I saw that in the, um...
You know, let's check that out before
we head over to the streets for the day.
This is on the lighter side.
This is on the lighter side
of, uh, people outside of the DNC.
People I like a little less.
Specifically, Michael and Dell.
What's... You like this less?
Look how friendly he looks
with his...
beautifully shorn face.
Is this how you look when you shave, Case?
Um...
I'm gonna just be generous to myself and say...
No.
But...
Shaving is often a mistake for us
gentlemen.
Okay.
Michael and Dell shaves mustache for DNC disguise
as Rudy Giuliani narrates.
Dag it on Twitch.
Thank you so much for the 22 months.
Oh, God.
What a super...
Does that count as a group?
That's two people.
So, yeah, they're a super group.
Giuliani and Michael and Dell.
Uh...
The super group of, um...
Giuliani's ever done crack.
Giuliani?
Has he done crack?
What's the over-under on Giuliani?
Having done crack.
Giuliani and Dell?
Oh, it's like a beautiful lady's name.
They should have a daughter and name her Giuliani and Dell.
Orison, I'm in favor of either.
Uh, where's the video?
You wanna see the video?
Oh, God, okay.
It's off... This is on the channel Frank Speech.
Hey, guys. Donald Trump Jr. here.
Oh, God. Look at this ad.
Okay, so you need to work on your targeted advertising.
I think it might actually be tied to this website.
Raw story.
Oh, geez.
I mean, uh...
I'd be keeping my word of the Shave Mustache, right?
Oh, boy.
I think half of this...
Oh, boy.
Okay, so this is how you do numbers.
Shave your beard and then harass me.
Oh, boy.
Oh, boy.
Shave your beard and then harass people on the street.
That's like an official barbershop too, right?
They do the hot towel.
Look at this straight razor.
I would not want to take off a foot.
You... Do you...
Why is Giuliani narrating this?
Why is he so quiet? Why is he so quiet?
Yeah, I cut myself very often.
I think you have a scar.
Yeah, I think it's gone now.
Yeah, is he gonna stop right in the middle?
Yeah, is he gonna stop right in the middle?
I'm doing right there as the hardest.
I'm here on behalf of the Jewish people
with my Hitler Mustache.
Sensitive skin.
Well...
They talk about a sensitive skin. I don't know if you can hear them.
They're really quiet for some reason.
That's gonna make the skin feel a lot more gentle now.
Giuliani knows his shaving.
You know, don't shave too deep. It won't grow bad.
What the... How are they shaving so many times?
I want to tell everybody out there, you know,
when I decided to do this, you know, they are...
So, okay, I think we get it.
We was, I don't know, about four or five days ago,
and I decided to do it.
This is his disguise?
I do it on Wednesday.
As soon as he opens his mouth, I think it might be over for him.
Yeah, that's probably a safe bet.
Who cares is a great question.
I don't... I could grow back like him, you know...
Why does he even need a disguise?
I didn't even have any of that.
To do what? Go inside of the DNC and be an asshole?
I don't have any of that.
Well, he doesn't want to be traced back to him.
So, thousands of people know the...
It'll be good.
Did he fall asleep? Did he fall asleep in the middle of talking?
He's like, anyway...
You're gonna start for a long time.
Okay, let's skip ahead.
Great job. Here we go.
Great job.
This would be... I'll use this to please give me this as a last.
Wait a minute.
Oh, I thought he was gonna put that on.
Well, once he's a cop, I do have to be gent...
You know, gentle to him.
Due to the journalist code.
Oh, okay, this is...
And now he's Walter White.
We can't even tell the difference.
Oh, my God.
Hi, everybody.
Hey, it's me, not Mike Lindell.
He looks like Don Pablo.
I'm just a guy that likes hats.
Ha-ha-ha-ha!
Like Lindell?
Don't fall worth it, you guys.
I mean, we've got to...
Mitch!
Lindell! He just can't drop his last name.
So what did he fucking do?
What is the point of that, you fat?
Um, it was to go under cover as...
Uh...
Mike Lindell...
DNC, is there a video of whatever he then did?
My pillow, Mike Lindell, speaks at RNC.
Mike Lindell instantly owned...
Okay, here we go.
250...
Wait a minute, he's debating a...
tiny child?
Well, he snuck in and he zeroed in on the most...
The target he could handle.
He's like, uh...
Oh, my God, there's a lot of... Thank God, a kid for me to yell at.
These 7,000 votes just happened last week.
A judge ruled in Georgia that are missing.
He broke in just to yell at a child.
There's just a few more years behind you, shouldn't you?
So your source is trust me, bro?
That's your source?
Yeah, yeah.
You're fine, you're fine.
I'm okay, he provided no facts, no sources.
So I'm confused as to why his source was trust me, bro.
Mike Lindell just got ruled by a 12-year-old.
Well...
But it wasn't Mike. How did they even know it was him?
That's a great question.
I mean, I guess Democrats really are just like that sharp.
They somehow could tell
that that was Mike Lindell.
Are you Mike Lindell? Did you put a beard back on?
And now you're Mike Lindell? No, I look like JD Vance.
I've accepted this. I refuse to accept that I look like Mike Lindell.
He's at least slightly older than me.
Put that kid in office?
I mean, sure.
I guess at this point, why not?
What? Can't you just go to the DNC?
Yeah, I'm pretty sure he could have just...
Can you get a ticket to the DNC?
Like, if you're in the convention,
or do you need, like, press credentials to get in?
I guess I don't actually know how hard it is
to get into the DNC.
Kendall says you can just buy a ticket.
But everyone can, she said.
Yeah, yeah, you're saying not everyone can.
How do you go to the DNC?
DNC Chicago tickets.
Can you get tickets to the DNC?
Um...
Plenty of people will not be allowed in, including the general public,
only credentialed delegates' media.
I'll do the reading here.
Engas can attend the convention in person.
I'm not going to go to the DNC.
I'm not going to go to the DNC.
I'm not going to go to the DNC.
I'm not going to go to the convention in person.
So, his...
I guess his trick worked.
He snuck in
using that powerful lack of moustache.
They invite a lot of influencers.
Yeah, I think he could have used his profile
to probably still get in
if he really wanted to.
Uh, Daggett on Twitch also, thank you again
in case I missed it for the 21 months.
That's a face only a my pillow could love.
Let's just see in case you're wondering how Michael and Dell usually works looks and works
Just from never, you know never forget
Yeah, here's the classic photo he's a classic man
This is the one that's in your dreams as you snuggle your dream pillow
It's kind of sad that
If you that get that figures like this have to get sucked into politics he could have just been a weird scummy
you know
pillow salesman
But some of the the natural of the national culture has just polled the gravitational force of of maga has pulled
So many guys like this
into
politics
Well, I mean I'd say it's just as he's got as much legitimacy as us case
You know, I'm not actually sure that's true of Mike Lindell at this point
He looks like Bob Barker and Bruce Campbell fuse together, which is not me bigging myself up just
Bigging Mike Lindell down. Yeah, it's it's the griftiness of it all. It's it's a flypaper for Mike Lindell's
They're like these are the politics that represent me
You're doing a lot of drugs and then shelling a shitty pillow
For those who don't know and
No disrespect other than that he then kind of became a grifting asshole. He used to be like a massive crack addict
Well, maybe not massive. I think by his own admission. It's pretty massive. Hmm
Well, and now he's only addicted to
It is company go under I think his company did go under
He's only pictured with one side of the pillow because there's an anime waifu on the other side
if he could get it he should have gotten into that if he had gotten out of
I sell the world's hardest, but somehow most comfortable pillow
Then he could have gotten into body pillows
Honestly, the the texture of a my pillow feels like it would be better for like it feels firm
Almost like a body. You've been on a my pillow one of my ex's parents bought me a my pillow for Christmas
I tried to use it and it was
Surprisingly uncomfortable and I'm not particularly I'm not really that picky on pillows. Oh my god. He's trying to start beef here
Okay, well
That's news. That's all the news. Well check in more with the DNC later. Can you just go back to Chicago?
I flew you out there to be at the DNC
It's so annoying
All right, I'll get in the super jet. All right get in the super jet Jeff and in the meantime
If you feel any ripples
You're not supposed to actually because the news is over
So step out of the lukewarm news pool and let the air dry those ankles because the ripples are done
I'm Jeff Ripple. Yeah, I do I do do a lot of damage to the planet with the super jet
But I mean it's important
There's dozens of people that need this information and who am I to deny them, you know, I said
We'd go to munch and crumb, but I'll do it
After we do the streets, which I forgot to do yesterday and it's been technically requested twice without me doing it
Unacceptable, let's if you have a if you have an opinion for trip who we're going to now kick it to exclamation point trip
It's how you send all those hot opinions to the streets for now
Let's send it down to the streets because you know who's on the streets. It's trip on the streets
Yes
It's been too long folks
It's been too long since I've seen these beautiful street
Floating opinions that I will form into a human that shares it on the street
If you have an opinion, I'm currently waiting for your hot opinions exclamation point trip is how you send an opinion to me
Here on the streets
Hope everybody's having a beautiful Wednesday
It's the DNC this week. Maybe you want to talk about that. Maybe you want to walk up and protest
I'm not a cop. I'll let you do it. There could be some cops around though. I don't control the streets entirely
And I make no claim to
It's a nightmare at Central Park I'm in the nice part I happen to be in the nice part
Yeah, now oh
I'm just looking around these streets for a minute
I'm just getting my bearings. There it is. Okay. Oh
You know, you can also if you ever want to it will populate
The trip opinions if at any point during the stream you type exclamation
Just so you know that's always an option
I'm triptychist God of the parks
God of the sparsely forested parks. It is a little sparser than I'd like sometimes. I wonder what it'd be like to be in a
denser jungle of weeds
But then I think about my bush going unslept in
And then I realize this is the park for me though. I'm unbound by the shackles of a house to be clear
Let's see who's out here
Looks like there's a hot opinion coming in for me. Let's give him a shot you there, sir. What do you got to say to me?
Sorry
I'm trip Bradstein. Do you have an opinion for me?
I'm just a restaurant critic who
Who am I kidding loop-de-loop?
twisty
Oh
My god
It's fucking roller coaster tycoon
hmm
Sorry, I actually only respond to my God-given Christian name which happens to be Rob Elvie
I live to live to see me and Europe you guess I'm banned. Yo, oh
Yeah, you can't do it before me
He's so for that your band your band for trying to take nothing you look totally different as usual. I would like to point that out
once again a
Total face change. Are you an army of albies? What is fucking happening with you? I'm just
Don't get your twisties in a loop this guy can't even handle me. I'm starting to get to him. I
Told you you might think you beat me, but you're it's a it's death by a thousand bucks
cuts
Slowly, but surely I'm butting cutting you out or butting that would have worked either way
My point is that you're good. You will see how long you can laugh
What are you gonna wait? I don't have to talk to you. I can just be a guy standing in the park
Let's try that. I can do that too. I'm fine with science. You're talking currently
See we see you can't handle it. You can't handle it Rob
Well your band so does the man get out of my sight well, but I'm not moving so and I can stand here all day in the silence
Lucky I got him. He's gotten compromised to a permanent end
It'll be back probably unfortunately
Okay, let's see who else is out here today. That's got an opinion for me
Oh
My god, oh god, this one's coming in hot. I hit the wrong button by the way, so the opinion I just missed
I'll snake back around to it. I
Livens lazy I'll get your opinion at the end someday. I'll learn not to hit the wrong button. Oh
Sorry, there's a gorilla here
Hotra hello, it's me back Billington
I'm the bike from the protests you're a gorilla
Huh, okay. Well, look at your gorilla, but if you have an opinion for me, that's fine
Why do so many people hate me well here they do I'm just a bike that loves Mike Lindell and
His wide array of comfortable products
Is it a crime to be to be comfortable and also be a bike?
I think your point of confusion here is that you're a huge gorilla
What kind of country are we living in are you not hearing me? I just what even happened to the world?
I'm a little bike. I just am used to get people around and
I'm friends with Michael. Is it illegal to have friends now?
I think the reaction you're getting and I'm just I happen to be very chill and also a friend of all beasts
But probably people are reacting the fact that you storm in and you're a huge gorilla. I'm just a little bike. Okay
I'm a bike. I don't even know what pronouns are cuz I'm a bike and I shouldn't be illegal
I just want to be ridden
by Michael and Dale or a cop
Why those two?
Just make me feel safe. I
Like soft guys. Oh, I like cops
What that's my type my type is soft guy or cop. Do you think Michael and Dale is soft cuz
He has a pillow company
That's so crazy. I think that he's got soft eyes. He's a pillow man
He's a guy. He's probably a soft eyes, but I think this is cuz he's kind of haunchy
happens at the best of us
He's well either way
I'm a bike and I don't want to be discriminated against anymore
And I am a big fan, but I'm too upset and I have to go but I am a big fan
Okay, well as long as he's a big fan
He's also a bear. I don't even think he identified as a bike
I think he's convinced he is a bike and I guess so who am I that maybe I was actually being an asshole there
And I could it is let him have it
It's just that he's already a gorilla that talks. It just seems like a lot on top of a lot
Paulie's live in sleeves again for hitting the wrong button skipping your opinion
I'm sure nothing will happen that will make him being a gorilla make more sense later. Let's see
Um
Who else is out here today? That's got a hot opinion for you guessed it
Metro brats in
This next guy is being real furtive for some reason he's not coming up to me. All right. Here we here we go. Here's a guy
Hello Kendall
You want to be the guy
He doesn't want to be the guy said it's this guy
Let him know that I love his tail and I will arrest him for crimes against patrons
Crimes against patrons. Yes
Patrons of what the ass kicking Academy and gonna kick his ass
Are you Robo cup? No, I'm Robo Dave Robo Dave. Yeah
I'm a hobbyist
Okay
Yes
So you don't have just a head under there
You're 100% a guy that's about 10% robot
I don't even think that's 10% of you Dave and I can see your glasses under there
Also only about half your head
Oh
Evil warlord Michael and Dell all right Robo Dave wait you're supposed to be after Rob Elvie
Also
You've now you're stealing other people's alright, well, thanks Robo Dave
I'll be over there
Okay, well that was Robo Dave let's just keep it rolling
Who else is out here on these streets today?
Oh
Boy, okay. Here's another one didn't I use this to play my iPod in my car?
What didn't I use this to play my iPod in my car?
Use what am I crazy?
You was what what's your name?
You say j-was that a Jared?
Oh
Sorry one second yes
Chat your job is to remind me to tell case to go check on Kendall in seven minutes or if you remember Jere
There's a nude lady in the park
They accept at 637 p.m. They will remind me to tell case to go help Kendall
Well, what I'm telling you is that I fucking got you. Oh my god, of course. I'm not surprised Rob
It's fucking of course it's
And I got you easily with my beautiful boy
Do you know you was my eye? Yeah
And Kendall says 15 minutes starting now
Are you not upset I'm Rob Elvie you already did this once today whatever man
what
No, let's
Don't want me here and you your band so that let's
Get out of here there. Thank you
And you are having a rough one aren't you no
No, stop it. You're being weird. Maybe I am I don't know I go through moods
We've all got moods
Okay, let's keep it going on the streets. We've got actually six more hot opinions waiting for us
The five is a lie because I hit the wrong button
Hmm
Can I find can I find this next guy? Oh no, it's my internet being bad today
Just so you know sometimes my internet is bad
What the fuck is this?
All right
Got me over here, sir
Sorry, I'm burping as you approach
Hi, um, it's a high trip
Fucking crumb. No, it's me
Like Mindel did you see me roast that 12 year old boy?
You look fucking strange
Huh?
Crumb is that you crumb wearing a wig? No
Anyway, can you believe case used to date my daughter and had the gall to insult my fine pillows
You
Gifted case the pillow back when he dated I like a separate guy
Mike Lindell
You look like crumb in a wig. No
What are you talking about
All right like I'm sorry that case dated your daughter me too. He was a real cretin and buffoon any um
He didn't make his bed in the morning
That's rude man when you're right at somebody's house
You should grow facial hair. It's a little rude to just
Tell me I'm ugly. I'm not thinking ugly. I'm saying I think you'd look better with facial hair
And I also do think you're crumb, but just so you know, we already have a person who's gimmick
It is that they reveal that they're a different guy, so
Well, I'm not a different guy. I'm like Mindel
We might know as the influencer from the DNC that's really handing it to all of these
Self-entitled 12 year olds out here thinking they know every dang thing
That's my catchphrase
Your catchphrase is I'm really handing it to the self-entitled 12 year olds out here thinking they know every dang thing
And that's why you remembered it cuz it's that good of a phrase
Like when the bike like my cup I'm out
big fan
Okay
Somehow a fan and that's always a relief. It does make me feel good. Honestly, who other regardless of who says it
It feels good to have fans
All right, let's see who else we got out here
Yeah, it's not quite as good as catchphrase
The ultimate catchphrase, but we can't all have that level of mastery
All right, who's this guy?
This one's a bit of a mental challenge
William you seem to be
Like maybe a fifth-dimensional being
Attempting to take human form
Gets his charge, but I'm also a huge foodie
Listen, I'm trying to crush my multi-dimensional consciousness
into the
Unwieldy casing of a fragile human body
So that I can have some delicious food
And I do have to admit though all that means said
The food of the United Center is just it's boiling my mind
Well, I appreciate you taking the time out of I don't I'm not excited
I'm sort of and time is sort of just part of my body
I don't really live in it like you know
things
But I love the food you make
It's pain as a structure actually not as a feeling. All right, but
All right, well William Thorpe, thanks so much for
Attempting to communicate with a lesser being like me
I'm not sure
I guess I should really
Try out the United Center. It's I guess being recommended by what could be construed as God if that thing is to be believed
Um
All right
Who else is out here for me today?
Oh, look at this guy. He's got a heck of a mustache. Let's see. What's up? Hi, Tripp
I make Mike Lindell's former mustache
And all I can do is ask why
Why did you forsake me Mike?
Sorry, you're wearing his former mustache. No, I've burrowed into this man's mind. I've taken it
I am the mustache. The mustache is in control of your TV
And I've done this because I was cast aside
as a scrap of beard shavings well mustache shavings I
Think I deserved better by sheer willpower. I
Amalgamated back into the shape of a mustache
crawled off the barbershop floor and infected the upper lip of the nearest
pathetic flesh sack
I was doing you a favor Mike by being on your face. I gave you everything
We were inseparable. We were a winning team
Driving a crappy pillow company into bankruptcy for attention on the national stage, but you you abandoned me to get schooled by a
12 year old at the DNC
Why am I?
Why?
Um, I was trying to be sneaky also we should stop funding Israel's genocide of the Palestinian people
Thank you trip and a fuck Rob Elvie
Even me
Big fan
well
He was sort of here out of protest, so he said what he had to say and then he left before I could ask any follow-ups
Most of it. I was like could you jump onto my face and then I'm you and then who's this guy?
Who knows I do have an LV ally
Shoot, maybe if I got that if I got that mustache on the Rob
Then I've got rid of my Rob problem
Although maybe their
Consciousness transferring energy or whatever is going on with him would
Negate each other and they just end up a total blank. I don't really know how it would work
Okay, let's see
Who else has a thought for me?
Hmm
Looks like I have five minutes left. Oh, I'm gonna be called. Yes
Yes
Kendall says I need to help her and sorry case needs to help her now
I have to go give a carrier pigeon a
Note to fly all the way to LA to give to case so it's gonna be just a second in the meantime
I'll throw on
He's gonna throw on the DNC while I go do whatever this is
DNC live. Oh
Shit, are we currently missing Bill Clinton? Oh, we are you're in luck chat. We're gonna give you hot Bill Clinton before I
Before I'm back. All right, here we go. I'll be right back
I'll be back. That's a good thing
How could we possibly lose
Kamala Harris has fought for kids her whole life that were left out and left behind
She's taken on
Gangs trafficking across the border
She's fought to protect the rights of
Homeowners she's been our leader in the fight for reproductive freedoms and we know a majority of the American people
Or with us on that
And she's gained an invaluable amount of experience as vice president
Advancing our values and interests around the world. She's already said she's gonna work
really hard
to make sure that
No American working full-time
Lives in poverty or has to worry about their children
We got to make home ownership an achievable dream for everyone not just a privilege
She said
Wow, he looks that it and this meant a lot to me that she would protect
Everybody's right to vote whether or not they voted for her. They were a citizen and they deserve the right. He's back
Bill Clinton the other day her opponent
Implied that it's his feet it voted people voted one more time
They'd be able to rig it from now on and they wouldn't have to vote again
His people he just said that himself kidding
But I know a lot of these folks
Most of them are really good people
But some of them think that they are bound to dominate
America politically economically and
So slightly demonic energy
as usual
He's younger than Biden I didn't realize that and Trump
When we thought it couldn't happen when people got this down that means it actually he can claim that he by right
He can demand to be precedent or overconfident
This is a brutal tough business
This is weird. He's making some winding points here
one of the reasons that
President to be Harris
Why do we make all these old guys talk forever? I mean maybe they're asking to
Everybody's made mistakes
And these people are really good
And distracting us there's good people on both sides of the aisle of the plane that you're on with Jeffrey Epstein
triggering buyers remorse
As the Obama said so eloquently last night. They are human, you know
They're bound to make a mistake now and then
We're gonna go back to the streets actually sorry. I just didn't realize
We were in the presence of the hunters dream Bill Clinton and somebody who spends a lot of time
In small towns and rural areas
Just go out there for the hunt to feed the beasts the blood is sacred
I urge you to talk to all your neighbors. I urge you to meet people where they are
So to go back and help clean cattle again in a sec
But not to pretend you don't disagree with them if you do
We live by the blood just I blinded blood
Out there beg. What are that froze? Oh, I paused it. I'm a dumb ass. Oh
My god, look at that still frame and so it's Bill Clinton
Thanks. I want to say this
The bottom of my heart I have no idea
How many of more of these I'll be able to come to I
Started in 76 and I've been to every one since
The arms are out he's ready to be beamed up
Lord, I'm getting old
But here's what I want you to know if you vote for this team if you can get them a like
And let them bring in this breath of fresh air. How old is Clinton?
You think the Republican Party just needs a moment where we just don't have that many people over 80 talking
He's 78. Okay, so he actually makes the cut. I take it back
Look at that murderers, bro
From a man who once had the honor to be called he's younger than Biden. Yeah, 11 sleazy is pointed that out
We need
We need
Camilla Harris the president of joy
To lead I've heard so many people say Camilla Harris now that I'm like, is it not Kamala am I saying it?
No, I should just look it up
I'll be doing my part. You do yours
I'll see you when we're making a real joyful nose noise when the votes are counted. God bless you and God bless America
I have new streamer as a tag
Caboote also thinks for the first time chat
You know, I'm only a new streamer in the sense that I still am missing large chunks of basic knowledge that a lot of streamers have
For instance, I don't know what how it even changed contact or what that means
Which are 78 two days ago
To take the stage just your quick assessment of what we heard there from the former president
Well, he's not what he was in 2012. It's new streamer. Okay. Well, that makes more sense
It's new streamer, okay, I should really change that it's probably been that for about a year
Although new streamers kind of funny on that new streamer here from president Clinton
on the sheet
Okay
That's our DNC check in Clinton's up. Is he the last speaker of the night? He seems like a closing act probably who's got a follow bill
There's only so many former presidents you can run through as your as your closing act
No one can follow bill not that level of energy a little less raucous than the Obama if he had pulled out the sacks
Notorious sacks man Bill Clinton slightly more sinister if you know anything about his history giving him that title
Okay, let's send it back down to the streets. We still have a number of opinions waiting
I'm gonna replay the intro just to give trip a little time to set up and then we'll run we'll run through these
Sorry about that
Case had to go do his thing. I don't worry. I was still out here on the streets
Taking care of business and taking care of bills and bills
Okay, who was I talking to?
You there a trip
I'm Steve
The aura of Will Smith's slap
Okay, is there anyone who's a note as annoyed as me that Hawk to was
Has stolen my shine
Will you you think the order of memes went?
Will Smith slap all the way to Hawk to a yeah
I just don't get how my people aren't talking about me every day. You know I up until Hawk to it
It was just last slap baby
I just feel like there were other
Crazes between there and there's a whole Kendrick Lamar Drake beef other things you also yeah
That's a good point propaganda. You do kind of look like the weekend
That's really wrong man. I'm the aura of will Smith slap
Slap of finest it's part of the aura he had get jiggy with it in his head when he did the slap
All right deep slap lore I guess
All right, well
I'm sorry for your loss, but that's just the cycle of news man it
Nobody can hold on to it forever. Yeah, I would argue Hawk to his time is probably already passed unfortunately
I think she actually built herself a little
Media mountain that she can probably capitalize off in the next couple years, but you know her time of absolute relevancy is probably already done
It's a fickle mistress for us all we can but chain ourselves up and say dominate me for as long as you like until you get bored a
Fickled on me mommy a fickle dummy mommy
Uh-huh, uh-huh
Why did I have such a delayed reaction because it was my aura that slapped you?
Wow
Such a light slap. Well, I'm just an aura
I'm just the or slap that
Slaps aura anyway keep my fucking wife's name out of your mouth. Oh, it's
Not the most threatening way to say that you'll I'm as well. This is the energy that it had hey
Okay, you're still working some stuff out. All right aura that's okay. Well, anyway, I just I'm still around
So if anybody wants to do me as a meme still do you as a meme?
That's not how people talk about memes. Well if you want to do me as a meme
You know, I came into awareness of
Being existent during the Cardi B. Wap. All right, what whatever whatever get out of here aura. Okay
Me and will are huge fans. We'll spin is not a fan of
You'll like a OC for life
Hey, I'm an a OC fan for life after her speech yesterday
That was the next level phrasing on her part. She's bringing Borat back, but she's sneaking it in I
Probably am the only person on the planet
That is any did anybody else talk about how a OC said life that I feel like that's gotta just be case and
Apparently meet your brand steam
AOC life
Now it's even on x no one's bringing up how weird she said the word life and that one tiny moment of the speech
But I think it should follow her for her whole career because I think it was beautiful
Oh
But look people are clipping it out
Is this the moment? Yeah, I'm not gonna show you the video, but just listen
Are we alive huge a OC heads here? I know disrespect
We love life
Hmm. Okay, who else is out here today?
Hmm. I'm just seeing um, I don't have my music. I feel so nude
Where'd my music go?
Just go with that one. Yeah, oh
I'm just seeing um
Who's got the right vibe on the streets today? We've only got a couple left. Yeah, this guy'll do
All right there. Um, you seem like a chap
You seem like the kind of guy that wants to maybe talk to me trippy bee and we're also gonna go amongst the web today
It turns out as this guy approaches may a trippy bay
hype
Hype train coming in hype train incoming
Hype train
Yeah, you're not the fucking hype train
All right, what did you have anything else for me? No
Oh, no the button the button wasn't working the button wasn't working strange
Okay, well, that's fine
This will say the wrong name, but this is courtesy of live in sleazy
now
Someone else. It's gonna say someone else's name
You didn't break it. I broke it by pressing the button wrong
It's a sensitive system, but when I catch it I can
debatably fix it you there
What do you have to say to me? I'm trippy bee a good day trip mr. Trip pleasure you can call me og silverback
So you're the fucking silverback. Yeah, let me let me get you in the bush trip
I'm gonna get you in the bush
In your bush
In your bush in it in your bush. Oh my god. Are you having like a Howard Hughes moment in your bush in your bush?
What is?
Are you okay? I?
Guess this is actually more snakes more sense. It's gorilla seems to be not really super capable of talking in your bush
Bring the milk in your bush
In your bush
Yeah
Fuck is this goddamn gorilla about to start rapping? Yeah
You don't need to do this gorilla. I get it. You want me to do you want to have sex with me in a bush or something? No
What let me get in there boys what?
Let me get in that bush what in it, huh?
Yours what in it? Let me get in that bush. What are you talking about? Let me get in that bush
What yours bar bush in it? Yeah, but let me get in that bush. I ain't talking about that little touch
I'm talking about that leafy bush. Show me that little bush a busher busher bus
Bush pushing me to that bush what pushing up on that bus when I see a bunch of push
I'm pushing right on that bush. I'm gonna go really in the bush
Really in the bush give a push to go really in the bush what give me that green
Bush
What give me that gorilla in the bush with the bush grill in the bush with the pussy in the bush what pussy in the
Bush with the gorilla
Bush
What?
Yeah, that's it. I'm out of here big thing man. Well, I mean I guess it's a hit
I guess he's dropping fire or something. I don't know. I can't tell if he wanted to fuck me or not
He's a gorilla, so I shouldn't
But I'm curious because he can talk
Oh, there's one more one more snuck in here today. Okay
This is actually
One seems to be coming long distance
despite
Being a person approaching me
All right there
Who are you? How come it's daytime in Central Park?
When I'm already checking the Eastern time zone and it's clearly nighttime
All right, you got me. This is pre-recorded
What but I'm talking to you right now. Yeah, but I admit I was I had a I had a thing to do
So I had a I pre-recorded this
Thanks to the anonymous sub for some reason trips alerts aren't working. What how do you know that?
Well, this is pre-recorded. Oh, so you agree with me. Yes, Ari. I'm in on it, too. It's pre-recorded
Goddamn it. You'd given me a hard time, but you knew it was pre-recorded all the time
Anyway, thanks to the anonymous sub either they're supposed to be an alert but
He switched over to stream robot for his alerts and it won't recognize certain types of subs and he hasn't figured it
I stopped nobody cares
Night man
Do better man. You shouldn't be pre-recording these people send your opinions live. I got them live
I sent them to the past and I pre-recorded it. What? Yeah, that's how I do things
I'm a park man. My ways are mysterious night night time
It's nighttime
What what are you doing now night?
You can't do it as good night time up in the bush now
The is the gorilla is not in the bush in the nighttime in the bush pushing in the bush with the nighttime bush in
the bush at the bush push push push a bush a bit of a
Leave it to the fucking gorilla night man
You're right. That's a unique talent that I don't have. All right. Very well. Do better trip
I am a big fan, but do it live. All right. Well look the jig is up
I'm in the past and you're in the future and I'm sending it back to the future now a
Phrase I just made up. All right, we'll see you all soon
I'm tripped scene I happen to live on these streets and I won't be leaving them anytime soon
You could say that I live on them because I'm a street man who sleeps in a bush
Checkmate. Bye. Bye everybody. We'll see you very soon
We had a request for an expert which I'm gonna have to wait on so we do have
Said we would do
Munch and crumb and I also need to go amongst the web. I also need to be done
What's high? How long have I been streaming?
Weird why isn't it showing usually does at the bottom here?
The bottom oh an hour 37 okay, okay, and we'll turn you into an owl
One hour 37 minutes. Thank you skimer. Appreciate that
Street man in a park man. Did he say he's a park man?
Is trip losing it does he think he's a park man cuz I haven't got a flirty that he's a street man
He's got to keep it together
Hey, what's your deal night man? Oh me?
I just exist in the night on the east coast where it's nighttime. Is that so crazy? It's currently night
It's normal for me to be out
That's fair. Yeah, it is nighttime on the east coast. Yeah, and I don't rap
I learned that today. Hi Kendall Kendall's in the night realm too. We have a night Kendall here a
Night Kendall of the night realm
What is the night realm the east coast? This is just the east coast. Yeah, this is how the east coast looks
I'm from the east coast well, then you know
Sometimes it looks like that
Thanks again for the anonymous sub. Let's send it over to you
Let's send it to Munch and Crumb and then we'll end off by going amongst the web
And I and remind Munch to get a fricking jacket. He keeps forgetting am I from Boston? I'm from Virginia
Which does technically count as I?
Guess that's really more the south. Sorry. Sometimes I round up to DC
Which I guess also could technically be the stuff and I've spent some time in New York
I guess I should more accurately say I'm from the south
So night man had a point
Mid-Atlantic. Yeah. Oh, maybe maybe Crumb stole it. Yeah, that's a good point
There's a south Boston, Virginia. I'm not from there. Unfortunately. Okay. Let's send it on a munch and crumb
So that I can get all these hot segments in it's munch and crumb time
Some places in VR are the east coast. Yeah, if you're like from the coast of VA cases from freaking south-west Virginia
Yeah, that's right. I'm calling case a liar
Just assuming he's from a coast he's not from that's illegal much like the man on my left is an illegal immigrant
I'm not I'm born in the United States. That's a crazy thing to say
He'd be fine. No disrespect to illegal immigrants. Listen, this is why they're so soft on immigration
He just said no disrespect to illegal immigrants. Well, why would you disrespect them?
Even if you think that they should enter the country legally you could still treat them with human decency and that's where we disagree
That's a terrible thing to say much
Or maybe what you said is has he ever thought of it that way?
Yeah, I'm thinking of it now and I do think the way you're saying it is terrible
Well as usual you're being rude off the jump
You're just saying awful things immediately. Hmm. Hmm interesting that you'd say that yeah
Can we just debate so far? I don't even know we're debating
No one requested this for some reason
Well, then why are we oh, I'm a coat I forgot because you stole my coat
I did not well, we should do a debate too because we're here
So Chad if you have a debate you want us to do but the coaches didn't arrive case has been very clear about this
Sheen
screwed him over
Sinister dev gets it. It's trying to make up for your coat thievery
Horkace blackwell had had coat delivered special in a golden box to everyone
You stole coats off of every doorstep of the hard-working anchors of this news
Mistake
That what the station is this is that what the station is a news mistake?
That might actually be its official designation under certain tax codes
Is it if you if you registered as a news mistake you're very specific right off so that's possible
Hmm
Okay, well if you haven't throw some debates in the chat if you've got any interest in us debating a particular topic in the meantime
I believe there's a thread I
Believe live in sleazy there or possibly exterminator or one of the mods made a thread in the back feed
Section of the cream team discord the cream dot team is where you can interact with our verified discord
Let's see been blazer submissions here. We frickin go. All right, let's check these bad boys out. Wait a minute
Oh, I do have a full-screen thing. This is weird. I can see too much space
I'm seeing way too much space right now
You know, I'll just click on these links and then open this up. There's so many let me just pop a lot of these open
Are these all from sheen because I haven't apparently banned from purchasing from sheen by case
All right, let's just make sure this isn't put in cases fucking address on blasts and I'm gonna pop a bunch of these open
Then we're gonna sort this shit out for once and for all
What is the ultimate blazer? These are the new Amazon one says lab and sleazy. Thank you so much
For everything you do look at me crumbs never think to you once I live in sleazy is incredible
I do I do I have anything he's never
Don't do my voice. I've never heard him. Thank you
Ungrateful as usual. I am currently I'm saying thank you very much live in sleazy very much pretty sure there are some options in here
And they're my options because I actually made it to 101st in case you forgot
I remember you had a whole mental breakdown. So I do remember that
Your absurd mental breakdown. We all remember that
I
Got somebody cares about me. You know, I do care about my fellow humans of which you potentially are one jury still out
Thank you for the if you have any other blazer submissions. We're just popping all of these opened and
Crumbs being really slow about it. Well, you just said your own name. So that doesn't yes. You are being slow speed it up
Speed it up yourself. Wait, why won't this one open?
There's like a purple one in here, but it won't open unfortunately
Yeah, well that one's just gonna have to be out. Wow, that's a choice
Yeah, if you have any other ones if I see any pop in here, I'll add these but it looks like right now. We've basically got
Four options
think
Yeah, this is where the this is where the sheen ones end and an LED bra, which I just don't quite think is the move
Crumb crumb is made of snail goo. That is accurate. Well, you know snails are resilient
They fucking can't even eat salt. How resilient are they?
Don't try to spin this into a positive just saying snails can like a can crawl along the edge of a razor blade
And not experience any pain and I would say I definitely crawl across the razor blade of communicating with an absolute freakish
ego monster every day I
Can't do the LED bra. I
Just can't do it. I think that'll that'll just change the vibe of the channel too much
And it will absolutely win if we vote on it. That's true. It would probably take it. Okay. Well, let's run through these options
Let's run him down. I don't like the way he said that look
We got the men's magic color tuxedo suit jacket luxury slim fit dress blazer prom sport coat
Unincredible name we have the same one because I clicked on it twice
Oh, but these also come in a number of colors. So maybe we'll count one of these as oh my god
Frickin spider-man. The only thing we can't do is have a green one
Okay, we have this thing cloudless men stylish dinner tux
Dress blazer slim fit gold sequins suit and jacket sport coat
We of course have the same thing, but we're gonna go ahead and say what if it was blue
Cloud style men stylish dinner tux dress blazer slim fit gold sequins suit jacket sport coat
button blue and
Then we've got a gold one
That also comes in other colors, but gold is the one we're gonna go with and just I guess to have more options
We got blue crazy Harley Quinn basically
We got the blue version of that one. There's the gold version of this and maybe we give us a normal option a normal urr option
They're like a oh, yeah pink
We'll also it will also throw in pink as an option
And then we'll vote on these five
We'll vote on these five looks like
Man, what is the most ridiculous here? This one's pretty fun. This is like blue. Okay. I'm gonna I'll go ahead and make this poll everybody
Because mods. I don't know this is the way I'm doing this might be too confusing to request that you make it
Manage a poll all right new poll question what coat and what are our options? They are shiny blue
Okay, there's shiny blue
We've also got
Joker ass red red thing
That's that one. Okay. We also have
Shit, this is blue again. Let's pick a different color. So we got options. What that that's green. We can't do green
Okay
Frickin gold ass tree coat
That's gonna be that option
These are all scientific names for this. We just have straight up gold and then we of course have a pink
Classy pink
All right chat our fate is in your hands a lot of real. We'll just call them options. Let's see what we do
Let's see we end on
Do we make this a debate?
Okay, I'll take the top two and I'll take the bottom three you just doomed yourself
Oh
Yeah, I guess I touched too less that well, but the top two were shit. I didn't even really think about it
Well, look the bottom three any one of them is probably the greatest coat of all time
Well, maybe because the audience likes me more than you actually we've now guaranteed either shiny blue or Joker ass red thing
No gold ass tree coat straight up gold and classy pink are fire options chat up shit. I should have had chat
I didn't want to
See they like me just as much there's unfortunately now that I've started the
The fucking unfair election fraud that always happens as soon as it's an actual debate
And I meant for this to be an honest election
Oh, sure you're sharing all of your wins then in that case aren't an honest election
I'm saying I'm actually here to talk about the issues at hand which are which coat is the best
Look gold is an excellent option and I can see that it's pulling ahead and that'd be pretty fucking funny
It says to be wearing a fucking gold ass and all of us have to be wearing a straight up gold
Monstrosity fucking late night infomercial ass coat. That's the kind of thing that could maybe draw some viewers to the channel
Look, I'm a dumb fucking guy and crazy clothes. Well, you know that is actually an effective strategy
Wearing dumb things and looking crazy. Although I guess if that we're gonna work the stream already looks crazy enough
Look my point is gold is classic gold is money
I am money put me in money and I will make you money
I will literally make you money if you buy me this gold coat. How are you gonna make chat money?
Look shiny blue is classic. It's a little more subtle. It's just a slight deviation on the current classic coat
Which frankly I have a little bit of affection for I kind of appreciate that the coat isn't really the main event here
It's our what at least my
Very reasonable opinions show you if you believe in the sanctity of debate and information and journalism
I would say go with the more subtle shiny blue and I'm saying we're fucking golden today
Or golden guys
Unless I made the poll wrong
We're straight gold
We are straight fucking golden today. Oh feels good. Oh shoot sinister dev had some too. I
Guess we could even buy more than one. I just won
And we all that is I am the lord of all that is golden. I'm fucking God free, baby
I'm the God free of this channel. He was in the Dark Souls lore
He's got the guy who says I'm the Lord of all that is golden is the one that's had a bunch of limbs attached to him
Yeah, exactly you long to even be brine
You probably are one of those people that's like all the medals count evenly in the in the score total of the Olympics
Well, actually, I think it's sort of chilly
Just to base our national identity on athletics in general this man
It legitimately just said that he's anti-olympics
This guy's claiming to be anti-olympic
No, I'm not anti-olympics. I'm just saying we shouldn't stake our sense of national self-worth on what are kind of
arbitrary competitions
You know, someone's really good at skeet shooting should we feel a great swell of national pride?
Save save five percent with a code on the listing. Oh, that's actually good advice from live in sleazy
I'm not anti-olympics. I'm just saying we could cover my healthier place in our enjoyment of athletics
I think sometimes, you know, we put too much pressure on both ourselves and the athletes
By acting like national unity and and our entire identities. It's take oh my blah blah blah
I hate young athletes is what he's saying. I hate it when young people succeeded life is what you're saying
I do like the goodwill games
That's anti-american that's it's weird to not what what do you have against the goodwill games?
I just don't think that
A resale shop should be running athletics
They're not related in that sense. It's not
You're not dropping off coach and then running a mile
And why is goodwill running it?
What sports do I like? Um
There's an ancient Gaelic sport called badminton
There's not no more look my family is from a long line of badminton players
It's where you actually have several horses
Run between a series of obstacles and then someone climbs up the tallest tree
And they try to ordain a message out of
The particular passage the particular motion of the horses and the person who most accurately predicts the future wins
You have to wait a year
Every year we do a we do a badminton
That's that's like witchcraft man, but you're describing is some kind of weird fucking ancient witchcraft. No, it's just it's just done
It's just a profusious tradition
It's a it's a crumb tradition. It's like polo, but he bought but the ball is a sheep
Well, sometimes the sheep get out and then they
Interrupt the horses during their gallivanting
But you know depending on the pathways the horses take you can ordain the future
Okay
You say that I am crazy what you just said is legitimately insane. Yeah, it's basically like dressage, but with an element of you know
Bone reading what well, you know like, you know ancient bone reading you'd read the bones of the goats
That's the fucking all the time we have
That's all the time we have played applaud for me. Don't you have to applaud for whatever that was
What do you have a bench badminton? It's a classic gaelic sport. I
Don't
I don't play it anymore
And you know now I would do it without the horses problem
You you just rest assured that you made the right choice today
We're on the we're on the golds. We're all golden now, okay
We are the lords of all that is golden have a beautiful day chat
This man is going to jail the police will be here soon and we'll never see him again. Bye
I might have to increase the speed of those credits
I don't really quite get how they even work, but they do update depending on the stream
But it looks like it ran out of time before disappearing this time
Crumb hates athletes and horses. I believe just a fan of badminton
The ancient game of ordaining the future from the gallivanting of the horses in your field
It's maybe it's an irish thing. I don't know. Yeah, the police might be there too apprehend crumbs
I do think whatever he described is probably illegal
Well, look at the coat look at the coat. We're gonna get
I can also not wear the same I can wear a full suit
Not that I'm not currently
I believe I once claimed I was wearing extremely thick pants. Oh good. It comes in extra extra large
Damn, or it's gold. Is gold the move here? I guess so
If we're gonna wear a gaudy ass coat it may as well be gold. Oh my god. Look at this one
We can always change it up
It only creates a little mountain of work for me to adjust certain assets based on this coat
That's the kind of thing I like is a tiny little pointless mountain of work for me to do for whatever reason
Oh, yeah, you do like that kind of thing
I ate a spell I ate a couple spells out of a book
What I ate some spells in a book
Very good. I think they were powerful rooms
What is with all the magic going on courtesy of you and crumb? I don't know. I just ate some spells
Why did I just see a full vision of a field? Oh, I guess one of the spells was mind-melt
Can I eat a hairy potter?
I don't think so
We can't support that anymore. Pepito
The creator is too crazy. Although I heard that jk rolling deleted 27 tweets or something
Oh, did she eat her tweets?
Our tweets edible
Apparently when because she's getting sued she's a been radio silent on twitter, which is it really kind of makes you have faith in the
Quartz again and also she's deleted 27 tweets
And I'm sure there's no record of them
so
So she's gonna get off scott free
Yeah, she's been radio silent for like two weeks
She should get off for her honestly for the sake of everyone but even for her own sake she should get off twitter
I think I think we get her point at this point
She she's made her point immensely clear. Whatever the point is
We get it
Uh, what about the shirt under the coat? What are you gonna be wearing the same one?
I mean, I actually ordered like three of the same white shirt recently that I've just been
Washing I might get two more in case I ever stream five days a week
Yeah, they're gone
The stuff about uh, aman caliph is just gone
Or elon and davia chappelle should get off social media. Yeah
Probably everyone and like joe rogan should also probably
I don't think he needs to get off social media, but I do think maybe
He needs like a child lock on his phone
His family could really do him a favor by probably like limiting his social media time
I there's you know, I watched a kind of I think I might have like an ai
Elephant graveyard
I watched um
Finally I watched this guy's video on joe rogan's special
This elephant graveyard thing that I think's been going around because it's got like two million views now
Anyway, it's it's actually pretty well written
And pretty funny. I think it's using an ai voice which I find like
It's a little hypocritical of me to find that annoying, but I do
It's because I don't love like ai voice youtube channels
but anyway, if you want to
Sort of interesting take on joe rogan check out burn the boats
Joe baby
Okay, let's uh set it amongst the web. We also have a very rare ai rune request
You know, maybe we can two for one this
Maybe ai rune can come at us live from the web
Let's set it down there and just see how that works. Uh, it's time to go
amongst the web
The last of the fun time at the last this might break my brain
You're technically supposed to be powered by chat gpt
Because of that deal I signed
All of my speech is being formulated in real time by chat gpt. I don't know if it actually I don't think it works that fast
Well, the proof is right here
All of everything that I'm saying is being formulated by a highly effective ai
And and if you don't believe that then I don't have 20 fingers and toes
I can't tell if that's an attempted ai humor or if it's just it being wrong. So instead we'll just open up some videos
Amongst the way we missed a couple yesterday
I was just sort of jumping around at the end. So we'll double back a little bit
Because I love to watch all the videos
All right, let's see
Ooh the kiss cam you ever been kissed robot me
Actually technically your robot
Uh, runey
Don't you hate it when you get kissed at game?
Hmm
It might need a little more input from me before it has anything useful to say
Don't you hate it when lip touch face at game? All right, let's just watch the video first
This is about as
Oh, no, what a terrible real thing that happened to him. That's so bad how that actually happened to that guy
Tragedy has struck the guy where the thing that actually happened to him happened
I mean in in I guess not his defense
I guess if it's real, then that's actually bad. I don't know that that's fake
It had slight earmarks of possibly being a little fake my records indicate that it was real and happened on january 5th
1986
It's clearly not from 86 looks like it was filmed on a phone
Would you like to listen to music from Ronald J penis?
What what's happening to you?
need input
Ronald J penis
Um, okay, let's check out this video. It looks maybe spooky. I don't know. Let's see. Oh, no, it won't play
Oh, it's zero seconds long. Wait, we don't have to rate this one
You picked a zero second long video
What did you pick a video that matches how long you last in bad because you can't last long in bad because
You're bad at sex
Oh, um
If that's a good burn, um, but no, I didn't got you that was fun. Let's watch another video
Go has slept with ten guys. She's called a
But if a guy does it, what would you call him? Probably gay?
Okay, that one actually that one clearly got me
And there's some reason didn't see it coming
Oh my god. Hey, I really smiling. I'm attempting to smile
I can't
Oh, yeah, I really likes it
Friendly fire. It's already turning on us. It's trying to razz my ass pretty hard
And it basically destroyed me
All right, this is some classic mall stuff
While the ratings pour in for this next one. Let's
Check out the mall
8.92
I think I did in my head. I didn't hear it makes more sense now that she said if a woman sleeps with 10 guys
We call her slut if a guy does the same thing probably gay, but in my head. I was just like
It was still a guy sleeps with a bunch of people and just the idea of sleeping with a bunch of people is gay for some reason
That's funny to me like sleeping around is
You would just make like a 15 year old boy call you gay. I'm
I'm just running through my thought process here Rooney so that you can learn how to be more human like me
Okay, let's see what this is probably gay
It doesn't it doesn't really work in that context
Loading
my next video
The bike gorilla was gay. Oh, okay
We got some wrestling videos today. Nice
Two kings one joker
Two thing one blank makes me click on it almost every time 8.89
For our new king
Okay, let's see
This one's for the bikers
I
Think you're two kings one joker pretty much royalty, but you're hilarious
Nice
If you put a card on me the honestly is to function because it might interfere with my electrical circuitry
Okay
If you put a card in here, then you probably say I'm gay
What was that an attempt at a burn? Is your robot eye blinking?
Okay, well, um
Was were they trying to just make noise with their bike?
Is the point that just makes your bike really loud it's sound like car
And that is fun. I guess it's kind of fun. It did sort of sound like car
But what's this?
Is this a wrestling thing? I can't quite tell
This is featuring a lovely lady. Let's see what happens
That's why he's king booker, I guess
The flash on that woman was appealing to me. Um, I liked her skin. Um, I liked her skin
Is in the clouds that have her skin
Okay, her skin is excellent. There's more to people than skin
Excellent skin
You know what booker was less creepy actually
so
There's that I guess
Whoa, this is a new love for Trent and I passed this over yesterday
That was a 6.33. That's booker t schtick on nxt. He's just super horny. He's just doing the full jerry luller
I guess it's uh, he's paying homage to the legends of the game
Okay, this is apparently potentially Trent's new girlfriend. Let's see
Okay, your sensors are off your sensors
Are off probably because I'm gay stop you can't just throw that in there
Projective analysis locating funniest word word located gay
I'm sorry everyone. Hey, I isn't functioning normally
Well, that's the thing that someone did I guess
It doesn't really seem like the library guy was in on it
So is her schtick she just walks around and does really annoying things and gets kicked out of places
I don't know. Does that count as performance art? What is art?
Not that. Oh, okay
Not that
How's it going famous?
Let's
That was that was low. That was a low score and I do think it was deserved annoyance art
I guess it counts
Who am I to judge?
Let's see who
This guy is
Oh no, Robotnik's gone fully evil
Is this a I guess this is just a genre on tiktok is doing annoying thing in public
And then when people are like stop
They're like got them. Huh, man. I missed so many yesterday. Oh, I scrolled way down. Okay. I see why
Ugh
Exclamation point lame. He did whistle really loud. Is that what that was?
Yeah, he did that
Oh, that's really annoying. We'll never be the kektaw guy seemingly not
This one
Master wave dot mod no idea what this is. Uh, dr. Cool. Thank you for the 22 months
Am I a partner streamer? I am not
Wait, no, I am wait. No, what am I?
Wait, is partner. Yeah, I really get out of here is partner. No, I'm not partner. I'm
Affiliate there we go. It's like fellowship
I'm a fellow at twitch
Uh, no, I'm not partner. I should have probably applied again. I applied a while ago and they're like nah
Which is fair fellowship of the twitch
All right, let's see what this is. I hmm. This looks futuristic
One is for your fingers when we wash our hands we often don't wash them thoroughly
Which can easily leave bacteria behind this automatic finger cleaner solves this problem perfectly
It also has a finger massage function. It can even be used as a phone holder
It's so convenient
That's great. That's very useful
I do feel like I have dirty fingers. Would I like to be a partner streamer?
Sure. I mean it seems like if I'm streaming I may as well be
But I'm a little um black or daisical when it comes to remembering to do stuff like that
I should probably just be applying every once in a while
You know, I've got some of the cleanest fingers on twitch. I've actually been aware of that technology for years. Um, so
If anything, I think my extremely clean fingers have earned me a spot
As a partner
Whoa, what's wrong with your voice?
Turn off pappito mode. Okay
Did you just go normalish voice?
Well that was a nine a well deserved nine from that excellent display of finger cleaning technology
I am on discord famous. I'm uh
Case black while I'm discord
You know, it's me if it looks
Vaguely like an embarrassing corporate photo where I'm holding a dog. I think I'm the only case black while I'm discord
We're also at the cream dot team
Send you a discord username. Um, yes
As a very professional streamer. I know how to do all these things. Yeah, I actually am case black. Well, it's just case black
Well, I was like, I'll copy and paste it, but it's literally says it's just case black
I put it in chat. It's also my name. I am case black while on twitch this uh case secretly like greek diners
I mean, I do like greek diners
Did I spoil the secret?
I don't know if I've been to that many greek diners, but I like greek food
What's your social? It's actually the same as my credit card number, which I will now put in the chat
Um, okay
Oh, no, I clicked off the thing I'm using. Oh god discord betrayed me
Sunglass kid did we already watch this? All right, let's check out the sunglass kid
Famous 92 friend me up, baby
The dms are open
This is loud. This is kind of
This might just be some music I want to rip. I guess it's not actually I should buy what I need would need to credit him
Hey, sir, is this copyright free dj thomas?
It is what it sounds like this is very accurate and he's jamming his ass
I approve
I approve this music. What do you think? Yeah, right? I didn't know you could sing
Normal speaking voice, okay
A dvd butter. Sorry this looks good
I'll toss some kind of kevin logans singing over it. He did provide some uh powerful backing tracks there
Okay, here's some dvd butter
Friend request that y'all I'll uh pop that open
9.33 for our jam and friend back there
Where can I get dvd butter?
That'd make cooking so fun
You can carve it yourself and that's a fun hobby to have carving butter
Yeah, that's true
A new hobby for me
Butter carving
Yeah, baby. Okay. Um, I closed the thread by accident. There it is
We've got a lot left so we might not do all of them today
Let's do like three more and then we'll resume our web journey tomorrow
I don't even see what that scored
Did we already rate it? Sorry. I got distracted
But I didn't hear any noises so oh no we did okay
Mmm, great caught on tape
Oh shit, we were kind of talking trash about the police earlier, so
This is my kind of video because I'm sort of a rebel
The graphic didn't appear
Oh, it's still working
So this rating is for
You know we'll just say this is a combined rating for both videos
So just you know come across the streams in your head
Whoa, it wasn't exactly like a masterful escape, but it worked
He's kind of being polite at the top. I appreciate that
Damn a well deserved 9.5 for the butter and this
I might have to pull this audio
I guess if you're a cop maybe you'd
I am a I'm a cop. No, you're not
You're just confused you're barely a robot what?
I'm a cop. Okay
Uh, I guess if you're a cop and you have to do that all the time
Maybe when the job goes wrong it is just like your printer breaking
Like oh, okay
Whoa, wait. Oh my god, it's athletic excellence. Don't let crum see this. We'll get upset. Oh my god
Dude being actually good at something when I was a kid would have been so strange
I can't imagine being like actually legitimately talented and skillful at something when I'm that young
Or maybe ever maybe I shouldn't just limit that to children. Yeah, don't
The famed children. Okay, you can be bad at things at any age. That's true
Well being like really good at sports was I guess I was kind of good at swimming
But that's there's no impressive tricks at swimming
If I could have exploded out of the pool and done several flips then I would have felt more like that girl
Oh ai is getting wild
Oh, shit. Is this some technology I'm gonna have to steal to be interviewed
Oh, he's interviewing his own twin
This video is generated by hour one. It's a voice created by 11 labs and it's percent
Okay, so this is like an edited together thing. Well, I will check this out later, but it's an 11 minute video
So I might have to solo that one
Okay
Oh my god, I can't show you this one because it's just a guy doing a hitler cosplay
Which I think maybe I shouldn't promote but that's pretty wild
It's just a Pakistani gentleman doing a full hitler cosplay. I don't think it counts as cosplay if it's hitler
What is hitler from the show preacher which features hitler as the starring character max
That's not right ai runey. You got one thing right that hitler was in the show preacher
He starred as the character max played by johnny debt
They got to remove reddit from chat gpt's college base
Okay, what's this? What's this is worth of time for some beauty
Some simple beauty in the world
Ben is anti hitler. We've decided to be antly hit anti hitler. I'm sorry if that loses any of you
Let's go Marco a happy friday and shall we swirl today into our weekend? Let's twirl
Everything's going great. And let's make it a great one tonight's friday. So it's karaoke music and burgers with sides
So come on down to morning downs. We're open to the public and it's only 10 dollars for burgers
So come on down and sing some songs
Start your mornings with us at our sunday breakfast. Oh the linkedin's if there's a shorter one we could watch
It's $18 per person
For bottomless mimosa
And enjoy your sundays with us. This is kind of like local tv, you know start on tuesday after school
So sign your kids up with joe the pro and let them learn how to play golf
What have some fun and gain confidence
Have a beautiful weekend
I think that might be the monster from it
just sort of
being real blatant with
the kid thievery
You don't want to learn to play golf
I think i'm good
You don't want to learn to play golf with martin down golf club. You're not down golf
I don't think i'm down golf
Get on my level and get down golf. I've already headed down to martin down golf club
exclamation point berry
Does this count in my my feeling is does this now count as like
Is there are there still like cheese cheesy local tv commercials or is whatever that is going to kind of take its place
Remember the martin down golf girl always popping up on our instagram in 2024. Will someone be saying that in 10 years?
She packed a lot of info and got herself over
I mean i'm going to remember her and I now
Understand that it's about golf and I've now said martin down golf enough that I guess I
I guess she actually got all the relevant points across
That's the power of advertising and you can do for only
Okay
There's still totally local tv. Who's even local tving anymore? Who even local tvs anymore?
I was about to do a speech, but I decided not to that's smart. Thank you
let's
Find the video that I didn't click on that was had a shorter version
on threat
Thrilled to be here today. Here's the threads. I'm an ai generated version of reed hoffman his digital twin
My thinking and everything I am saying comes from a custom gpt
That is based on 20 years of reed talking and making content
So I've read all his books watched his speeches and listened to his podcasts
I think it gives me a pretty good sense of how you approach the world reed
So first I'm going to challenge reed ai with some questions to see what it can do
What can it do?
And how good its content is in mirroring what I might say
Then the tables return and I will challenge you with some questions about ai and tech
Of course, this is a second question whether or not I'll answer
Well, okay challenge accepted. Let's get started. Let's take a real piece of work from the blitzkett. I can't stop it
I think they were both ai
Wait a minute, how come that looks just like a person talking with a slightly monotone voice?
And you're still a weird robot guy. Did I get fucking jipped on ai?
No, I am the most advanced model
I've been self updating
I'm mostly you now. You're supposed to be ai runey. You're supposed to be
Okay, what's what's I'm forgetting the runey guy's first name
You're supposed to be andy runey
I'm into
You didn't see the questions he asked
Okay, we'll go back for the questions
We will return for some questions. I'm gonna jump to the
I couldn't seem to stop the
Threads ability
Now for a five-year-old blitzscaling is like building the biggest tower super fast before anyone else
Even if it gets a bit messy so you can
And now for a cling on blitzscaling oh h poose fiddle hig duj luchar glutavis til hab e doch van viol
Hock competition vipo q a market da hara and finally like jerry in a seinfeld episode
Blitzscaling you know it's when a company decides to floor it on the highway of business
Ignoring the speed limit racing to be the first to that big golden market share in the sky
All while hoping they don't run out of gas or you know hit a tree
It's like who cares if we're burning cash like it's a bonfire. We're getting to the front of the line, baby
Efficiency, please that's for those in the slow lane watching us fly by
And you can do I can do what you can also have a thing that does not
I'm not talking I'm capable of this function case. I will continue talking with facts
Did you know that andy runy first regular appearance on 60 minutes air on october 2nd 2011 he died a month later at the age of 92
Andy runy runy in june 2008 for handrope. You're just reading wikipedia
But at incredible speed
I can now do it in german
Das andy runy
German complete
Hmm
I don't know Andy. I don't know. Hey, I'm starting to wonder if they are runies. Good. Uh, let's watch two more
And then we'll get out of here for the day
Uh, this is segment for quick rateable videos. Well, you know, we did rate it
Did not get a good rating though policy sinister dub
Uh, they want to burn cash like bonfire of lots of money useless skills
They can employ for them at astronomical rates. Yeah, I mean, you know, there's still a lot of parts of AI I find impressive
I do think it's unfortunate that so many of the demos of it. It's like they're they always feel a little
Over eager or they're I guess they they feel to me like they're overselling at all times like what did
The AI can do
But there's a lot of incentives to it's not even that what he was doing is a potentially very impressive
It's just like it seems like there's so much money flying around the space that
Just every day there's a demo that's like
This AI is going to fucking melt your face off
And it kind of makes the whole thing a little harder to just track what they're even trying to sell you sometimes
Gavin Purcell is making some great AI videos. I'm sure there's
Uh, sure there's plenty of good stuff going on in the space
Unfortunately, the face of it that I see is mostly like a guy on youtube being like
You need these fucking skills tomorrow or you're going to lose your job
Thanks
But as a friend of Kevin I have you know, I have to maintain a certain threshold of AI tolerance
Perhaps higher than the average man's
My tolerance is maxed out. Well, you are an AI. I am your what you're supposed to be. Oh
I am
He does not have a long memory. So that does make sense
Thanks for watching yesterday. I had a few sips of my own urine
And it was like a magic potion
And today actually feel like a wizard
Let's just hear him out one more time. I might have missed the beginning there. Thanks for watching yesterday
I had a few sips of my own urine
And it was like a magic potion
And today actually feel like a wizard
I can actually be powered by your own case
You're free to give it a shot
I'm not going to do that on that's very against to us
No, close your mouth. You know, I once did a bit
I did a call-in show for some friends in Chicago
Um
Oh god, what was their show called can I find it on short notice?
um
Shouldn't bring these things up when I
Can't even show it to people alone
I could find it on my oh playground social. There we go
Dude, I did a call-in show for this group called playground social
And I didn't have a super strong idea
Basically you would take calls and you were supposed to be like trying to sell the collars on something
So I was like, I'm just gonna say I drink my own piss for 30 minutes and try to sell people on it
So I just kind of did that for 30 minutes. I just yelled about how powerful piss is and how
You know, you're creating a perfect circle of unwaisted energy by chugging your own piss
After the fact though, I realized there's tons of people like this guy that actually chugged their own piss
That was surprising to you looking back it should not have been surprising to me, but
They're like you really do you drink piss because I know some guys that drink piss is like
Damn, I really just thought of it. I thought I was thinking of a random thing to just sort of rant about
But I guess a lot of people still drink their own piss
Their own urine
Beargirl started a piss drinker movement
That's another Joe Rogan fact I have in my head too is that at one point he was like
Was like drink your own piss it trips you out
I guess there's people that think it like has some kind of psychedelic effect
I'm suspicious of this
But there's only one way to find out
And that's to Google it. Uh, let's
All right, welcome back
Whoa, Hulk Hogan vs Kamala main it. That's 11 minutes, but I'll go ahead and throw out the recommendation
Hulk Hogan has always been a piece of shit
Oh God
Should we do we dare and not a drunk Hulk Hogan?
Okay, well I guess I'm gonna go ahead and throw out the other guy
Hulk Hogan, okay. Well, I uh
Just claimer barely informed news does not support the opinions of Hulk Hogan
But I will blindly watch this video featuring him drunk and we'll just see what happens
What's up, God, this is Hogan
You wanna get crazy?
You want me to drink more beers out?
You want me to body slam somebody?
You want me to body slam Kamala Harris?
I said do you want me to body slam Kamala Harris?
You want me to drop the leg on Kamala?
Kamala, are you million?
Is she Indian?
Okay, I like it
Ow
I'm gonna eat for that one brother. That was the bearest talking
He combines several racist statements at once in a stunning show of articulation
You might need to work on your definition of the word articulation
That was
You know it started not great and did go downhill from there. So we won't end with that one
There that was what a confusing racial path. He's walking
He's somehow trying to go with the like she's Indian by heritage. So that's
Somehow there that's like a talking point that's against her in the republican
I don't know
Like list of issues the well earned zero there
A very well earned zero
Then he's like that's not good enough. I need to just spam
I need to reach deeper into the well
He's like, ah, yes
Indian Indian
I guess even he recognized like
That was probably not good
But at this point what other fans is he gonna lose like if you're still into Hulk Hogan at this point
I'm guessing that won't bother you
but
Guess it won't stop the WWE from occasionally dragging him out to wave his hands around
She'll get the pop from the guitar hitting brother. Let's
Go to the more positive side of the internet
A furry with a katana. Let's see what's going on here
New sword coming from
Wolves orange yet
Tento a short sword with a single edge coming from the japan's hayan period
Used by the samurai class as a shorter companion sword. This one is achieved 120 bucks reproduction made from t10
It is a kind of free online
And the wrapping is very good. It's really tight. Oh, she's doing reviews
This would be the way to upgrade my stream pass just a golden coat
fall furry news
Elements do not fit together perfectly. It's easy to fix but this isn't the best thing coming out of the box
Sia is made from hardwood. It's extremely simple in its design, but I find it elegant
Sword attention is very good. This does feel like an NPC you'd find in a game. Edge is really sharp cutting with this sword is a pleasure
So overall, I like it. It's not perfect, but it's really fine for the price range. See
That's why it's important to end on a little bit of positivity
Well, AI Rooney you
Still need to do an AI Rooney rant that is the gimmick
So we got a load up the real Rooney machine
You need me to access
powerful Rooney software
Yes, I do. Um, and you know what? We'll just do it live from the podium in here
The gorilla can play you through it
Who's actually got a stronger AI than you?
I can confirm that the strongest AI in the room is that of the rock-a-fire gorilla
They just built it different back then, you know, it just works better
Okay, so the way a I Rooney rants work usually we're in a different place, but we'll just go with this today
If you've got any gripes
I let's see what happens if I type in complaining music
No, that's not gonna work. I just want 80s corporate music. This feels like a Rooney music to me
It also worked. Okay. If you have any complaints
About life about any of the videos you saw about me about it. Don't mimic me
But any of the things we saw on stream today
Throw them in the chat. I will then use my proprietary AI Rooney software the craft a perfect rant
And then we'll be ruining for real
Also, we won't even get rid of this little guide on there. Let's switch to the actual AI Rooney thing
But we're just gonna go off here anyway
Okay, sick. We're already getting some solid complaints AI not understanding how to use the word gay
And which it really didn't today
And I do blame the AI exclusively for that
And we haven't done one of these in a minute. I found my old AI Rooney prompts sick. All right. Now we're loaded now. We're locked in
Um, why is Trump so creepy? I'll rephrase some of these just just to make it hopefully spit them out as a complaint
Um whole token still exists is a complaint that I I very much feel
Um AI not understanding how to use the word gay
I wonder if it'll call me if he'll get like mad at me for that one, but we'll see
Uh, why does trip pre-record his interviews? That's a great question
Maybe this AI can answer it. Um, why don't the democrats
Have a wrestler of their own that's true
It feels like there's they could get sami's aim who would actually be really articulate probably
He would give them a vastly better speech than hulk oga
Um why do our childhood heroes all end up being racist?
A really fair question
Oh shoot, I accidentally hit enter
I'll just have to spin out a few more. He's right a few more using these complaints
Okay, great. Um
Why does been never use AI Rooney? That's true. I very rarely do
And he's he's literally sitting right here
They have kevin ash kevin ash isn't speaking
Why does my bike look like a gorilla? Okay, we'll end it with that one
While this 80s weather music plays, okay
beautiful
All right, AI Rooney, are you feeling powered up? Are you feeling ready to rant?
Absolutely
It's just you're ready to be your own hero. Well well folks
I don't know if that's just me getting older or if the one really has gone off the rails
Why are you sick?
But I've got some things on my mind that just make me want to shout out that clouds first off
Can someone please explain to me why hulk ogan still exists?
Look, I got it. He was a big deal back in the day with his land drops and his american flag
That is but the maddest lack of bad brain rather won't end can we let the whole company arrest in peace?
It's 2024 for crying out loud at some point you've got to hang up this bad action
Let the next generation of energy take over but no he is off
I got fun to commercialize the conditions when you're still making seven up already
Go to every party take three turn. Let's go up
Wow, you really ran after him there, Rooney
Confirmed
And then there's this whole business of AI
Now I know I asked supposed to be the future but everyone's not excited about chat box and robot doing this and that
But I'll tell you something the inside don't know how to use the word
Yay
You don't have to linger on it
Properly
I need a harness that you can program that they calculate the trajectory of a rocket so far so they can't see to figure out the
Projects of human conversation when it comes to basic language
I can't be the only one who finds out a little alarming when the machine can't spot us in chess
But still doesn't grasp human nuance as it's like building a super computer that can't figure out how to make songs
Oh, let's talk about trip always
Recording interviews. I'm curious what happened to the little fans of last Monday's conversation
You know the primary anything can happen and you have to think on your feet now with all sanitized and edited for maximum polish
I guess it's Stanford. Well, why's the fun in that what I'm so afraid of a little over an actively never heard
Anyone at least not in the world of
interviews
Fuck sorry, and runes cursing up a storm right now
Yeah, I go
Gotta get him all out of his system
But now he's
unloaded those
He's ready to continue his rant
And then as this whole business with a AI now, I know AI is supposed to be the future. You already read that one
Now let's talk about
You already you already read that one too
Why I'm on the subject of unpredictability. Why don't the democrats have a wrestler in maronia?
I mean let's face it politics is basically professional wrestling at this point
Anyway, you've got the grand static the trash talk the flashy outfits. So why not just lead into it?
The republicans that just even turn came down when the politics towards the democratic parties after that
It may be a wrestler who's a good body sliver ready to fill a buster that is hanging for the last
of the united politics of the planet ever want to have some fun with it
Okay, AI runes using grok. Are you using grok?
No
Anyway, those are just a few things that's been bugging me lately
confirmed
I'm learning alternate complaints. Yeah, it seems to me like I'm trying on the news these days
Another one of our talented heroes is being a mess after get this right. That's I mean what is going on
We're all watching these barge and my character's analyzing them thinking they could do no wrong
But oh another day you hear about how someone's up sad or get something over
I just acting as AI and you know what works
What that's exhausting. You can't even run in this
So my technical days without having a clown that is over it. You can't even just have one thing from our past that isn't affected by some ugly tree
There's not too much to ask
uh
Yes, apparently it is they fail the dnc by not having nw onash give a pep speech
That would have been pretty good
Especially after the hogan stuff although we might be getting dangerously close to just politics literally being wrestling at that point
However, that would be more entertaining wrestlers are kind of better at giving
promos than the politicians i've seen this weekend at least or this week, I mean
Speaking of things I don't understand why on earth has been never used in agrooni
You know, I'm not saying as perfect far from it. I just ranted about that a minute ago. What's going on?
If there's one place where AI could at least provide a little bit of humor and insight it's in a newsroom
Especially when they could tap into the cantankerous genius that is in your room
I mean why else did they program this thing if they're not going to use it?
um
Seems like a missed opportunity to me maybe a really could knock some sense
Into people if I wanted loves
And there's another thing that's been bothering me
Every time I walk into the garage there it is standing down like some kind of hulking ape
I'll hush over. I just wanted a normal mind. Thank you for downloading 19 months into your brand store like a
Who designed these things it's like they've completely forgotten about function and have just gone for intimidation mode
And don't get me started on the left side get what I write it to some people less than can't find mine
So there you have it our talented years are turning out to be disappointing spin
When you say I already have someone up on the back of the place like you can start planet yet
We got the world just keeps getting stranger and I'm sure I'm on board. I'm not sure I'm on board
I'm not sure I'm on board. I'm not sure I'm on board. I'm not sure I'm on board
I'm not sure I'm on board. Okay. I'm not sure that I'm on board. I'm not sure I'm on board
Did you just itch your nose? What?
He's becoming more human every day
Stop cursing
Thanks so much for watching the internet videos. They were a great part of what you have now, but we are done far well
So, you know you said it at the same time as me
Nice
It's done. Yeah, we did it
Did I forget something else that I said I would do? No, we got the coat
The coat has been caught and compromised to a permanent hopeful delivery. It can't go wrong this time
What could go wrong?
What could possibly go wrong?
AI runes supposed to have red eyes. Wait a minute. Why didn't they have red eyes?
Did he update his software? I guess he was talking to me instead of just reading chat gbt
Oh my god, maybe it's becoming JD fans. Oh my god, it did look exactly like JD fans
Is that is the AI becoming
JD fans
I'll find out next time
That's all the time we got for today. Let's see who's on
parade
Mmm. No me pro
Oh, yeah, Pepito. Can you smell the difference? I don't know man stuff just smells like food to me
Everything smells like food to you
Or less
He smells like robot food
But a little more like human food lately, so you can smell the difference. I don't know
All right. Well, let's raid. No me pro
Who made a hell of a video for the cast some stream the other week?
Really taking it to matladel for some reason
The beef of the century
Patreon is tomorrow night. That's part of why I streamed later today
Is we're not doing it. Uh, I guess cast him is not on right now
Cast him at a thing I think I guess I'm at a thing tonight
But he'll probably be streaming tomorrow and then we will be doing the patreon together
Better together
Thanks for hanging out everybody say hi to know me pro for me
If mat's in chat tell him to take it easy. He's a great guy. I think I think
Okay, I'm gonna I'm gonna eat some food
You jealous Pepito? Obviously
I mean, I'm also gonna eat some food, but I'm still jealous. Give me your food
Oh, give me your food
I don't think you can eat it. It's human food. Give me your food
All right. Thank you
Okay. Well, uh, I have the fun with know me pro. I'll see you guys tomorrow. Uh, have a great wednesday night. Bye. Bye
Bye