I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog. Sick.
Hello everybody.
Yes, yes, yes.
Back on my Monday...
Newzing!
Good to see you all.
John, Michael, Greg, T, you love the hate propaganda.
Bonus brought Apple to Apple Card King.
My bot.
Ray Silva, MSG, Eldrick.
Mr. Whoopie Boo Boo.
Sinister Dev.
I might be repeating some subbreachy the master mouth live in Sleazy and there's somewhere too.
Good to see everyone.
Don't hate the propaganda?
Never.
I report it dutifully, depending on the country.
Okay.
It's a new week.
It's a new Monday.
We're gonna have to go a little fast today because I started late-ish for me.
Yeah, you're never at fault, don't worry.
You're in the right.
I got a lot of videos to back you up.
A certain type of video.
Actually, your videos.
From amongst the web, which we'll be going to.
A little bit later.
Maybe some time for something else.
I was gonna do the town hall today, but we might have to save that for Wednesday, but maybe we'll do this.
For some reason this Jumbalaya segment has just been up here haunting me.
You've had Mayo slather in your head for days?
Don't blame me. Blame Mancini Smooth.
I wasn't even involved.
Someone said, case will apply for partner.
You know, I guess I may as well.
I've kind of, I've kept a fairly inconsistent streaming schedule over the summer.
I don't know what makes you a partner.
So they might not let me.
They didn't last time, but I haven't streaming for almost, or over three years.
Exactly.
How many, how do months work again?
We have 36 months yet.
The next time someone subs.
Yeah, I think we're around, I think we're around three years.
Meaning we're approaching four years.
What the hell happened?
When did I start streaming for four years?
Four years ago?
Yeah, I don't even remember G4 at this point.
Well, you did just like Fiona did after she got partnered.
Maybe that's why I shouldn't get partnered.
Maybe that's the secret.
Don't get partnered, because then you lose all interest in streaming.
I didn't see Fiona recently.
If anybody wasn't on the Patreon,
which what are you doing?
It's the only way to see Kasim.
Kasim didn't leave you.
He's just price locked.
She was, we went out for dinner with Kevin and Kas,
and Fiona's shockingly,
and some various partners,
non-twitch partners, romantic partners.
She did but, but not been.
Guys, I gotta be honest.
I don't ask her to do been,
but that's more for her protection,
the protection of her time.
If she's ever over some other reason,
then maybe I can get her to,
maybe we can finally beat, what was it called?
The one where you're a bunch of rappers,
the one where Bubba Sparks can fight exhibit.
Maybe we'll play the Bubba Sparks versus exhibit game.
Def Jam, there we go.
I don't even know if exhibit's in it.
But in my headcanon, if he hosted Pit My Ride,
he should be allowed to be in Def Jam.
I'm gonna fight for New York,
live in Sleazy with the full title.
And episode of the Back Feed where you act like
nothing happened in Fiona's always there.
I just paint my new couch yellow.
I have a blue couch now.
But I can also, I can just color swap it.
Certain colors can actually be swapped.
Did she mention the murder mystery?
Believe it or not,
that's a real mystery.
And the solution is no.
Pupito, do you miss,
do you miss your mom?
Mom? Is that still a thing?
Of course.
I don't even miss her.
I just love her.
So she's still your mom?
Why would she never not be my mom?
She never was never not my mom.
She didn't even not ever become not my mom.
So shut your stinking mouth
and feed me some trash pizza.
They used to make a trash pizza in my hometown.
That was really just,
I think a Mexican pizza?
They changed the name from Mexican pizza
I think to trash pizza at some point.
I don't know if they're two distinct things,
but the switch made me feel a little weird.
What the fuck are you talking about?
I'm talking about mom.
You're talking about trash pizza.
Trash pizza has extra toppings.
Okay.
The star pizza of Roanoke.
We got a lot of trash dishes in Roanoke.
She didn't leave you in case Pup Pup napped you.
I didn't see her.
I'm just at school right now.
That's how kids do things.
They wait for their parents to pick them up at school.
I'll wait to show up.
She'll be here in a minute.
Trash pizza is just dominoes.
There was a local establishment.
That also had trash pizza, I swear.
We got some comments before we get into the news.
What does Pepito think of Chicago pizza?
Is it pizza?
You just asked a more loaded question actually
than I think you realized.
No, I didn't.
Shut up.
Is it pizza?
I don't even care if it is.
My opinion is I will eat it.
Whatever it is.
That's it.
I broke it already.
I had to fix it.
I got to fix this comment system.
Every day I break it.
I do have to hurry a little bit.
Let's get into the exciting news of the day.
I'm sure you can guess
who's going to be talking in the news
because it's news time.
Let's do news.
Don't let them take it from you.
Why are you being all down about the news case?
Where did my fricking graphic go?
That's a good question, Jeff.
I have no idea.
Should I hit it again and see if it loads?
Graphic?
Doubled it.
I might lower third is gone.
Yeah, a bunch of stuff broke actually recently.
A bunch of my assets that I've had
for all of my videos
I had to remake.
Which is part of why I didn't set up the town hall.
Nobody cares about this.
Shut up.
We're talking about really important
world events.
Do you realize the president is saying stuff every day?
FunnelWeb, thank you so much for this sub.
That's not one of the things he said.
But I'm sure if he knew FunnelWeb
he'd give you a big old Donald Trump
thank you.
I don't know if that's a thing people want.
People are fighting over his things.
Very realistically, they
they all scurry about like rats for his favor.
And he's still saying stuff.
I heard some of the stuff he said.
I wasn't a huge fan.
Well, let's not judge it.
It's just stuff that is said
and that makes it news because it's the president.
Commander Gabb also subscribed for 30 months.
32 months in total case.
You've been streaming
I think that's six years?
Your math is not very good.
He thinks you by accepting stuff.
He thinks you by accepting stuff from you.
Exactly. The greatest thank you of all.
Taking.
A thank you is just words
that demand
politely.
Or you could just be earnestly grateful.
No one is that.
No one has ever been that.
But
ahhhhhh
What are the chances I cut to this picture?
A hype train happens case.
Um
I don't think it's related to the picture.
You can't prove that.
They saw this photo and they got pumped.
Trump's talking in front of cops?
Yes!
Yes, yes, yes!
Uh, yeah, I'm sure that's...
I'm sure that's what happened.
We do have a hype train.
There is a hype train here.
Are you here?
You fucking know I'm here.
What are you even asking?
Look at all these graphics why I asked.
I'm 1000% here!
Good, good for me.
I kind of miss when you couldn't talk to him.
I still love you Jeff Ripper.
Why does the Krum always chime in at the top?
Krum gets...
Hype train is empowering me.
Krum gets one
comment at the top of the stream.
And there's no stopping that.
Hype train.
Stop doing that to my voice hype train.
I'm empowering you with the power of my hype.
Comments.
There's comments.
Hype comments.
No, there's not?
How does this work, Case?
Okay, that's your shitty comment.
Bring back pizza pranks.
Case, whatever that is, bring it back.
Only Sabrichi knows the true deep cuts
into my...
into the lore of my sketch group.
Everybody knows about
the Case Blackwell...
Buddy-ass time?
I don't know.
Buddy-ass time?
No, we were never called the Case Blackwell
Buddy-ass time.
I don't know what you call your sketch group.
Sloppy fuck-yellers.
Ugly,
unfunny,
Case Blackwell. Just me?
Well, the rest of them could have been great. I've only met you.
I don't like any of those names.
I'll see you about pizza pranks.
I'm still trying to get clearance
to get everybody into the walls, taking up way more time than it should.
Why are you guys not talking about who I am here?
Everyone should be thinking about
me right now.
Your music is playing.
There's tons of graphics. You said it yourself.
I don't even need to pay attention to you.
Case, pay attention to everyone.
And let's also talk about Donald Trump.
Yeah, let's talk about Donald Trump, Case.
It's a hype train!
I'm killing the hype?
You're killing the hype!
You're a lot of being kind of anti-hyped right now.
And everybody's saying so.
That's the kind of thing Donald Trump says.
Who we're trying to talk about?
Everybody wants to talk about Donald Trump!
Everybody wants to talk about him!
Check you seven.
Check you seven to five.
He goes over to the hype.
Donald Trump hype.
Let's get that going.
Donald Trump hype.
Let's not ever say that again, actually.
We never say Donald Trump hype again.
Donald Trump hype.
You're starting to regret all of your choices, Case.
The three years you've spent streaming?
No.
Never!
Giggle Trash, thank you so much for the sub.
I'll say that thing, man, man.
Why are you like this today, hype train?
There's no one everyday.
There's no one all the time.
In the head, dang, there's no time for a dang.
You're somewhat less annoying than this,
debatably, sometimes.
Give me a beat! Give me a pizza trash beat!
What is a pizza trash beat, hype train?
I can't you a pizza beat or a trash beat.
But I will type in pizza trash beat.
The key is to type in pizza trash trash.
Pizza trash.
Trat beat.
My guess is that's going to be one or the other.
Tacos are trash pizza, man.
Okay, I was wrong.
There's something kind of close.
You're surprised?
Look, tacos are trash.
Pizza man.
Hey.
I'm doing another song.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
This is just like case rapping.
Tacos are trash. You do the monster mash.
And taco don't smell like...
It's actually a lot better.
Yeah.
But it got to have the pepperoni in the end.
So I put my pizza.
I said tacos are trash and they smell like poop.
Get into a case.
A hype is exploding.
Pizza is the best. Yeah.
Because of this taco pizza trash beat.
You kind of added tacos.
I was really specifically looking for a taco
a trash pizza beat.
But I guess that'll do.
Okay, you're satisfied?
Remake that?
Thank people over this other trash beat.
How about just trash trap beat?
Ghost main type trash beat.
Oh wait, this is much better.
There's no beat to this beat.
Wait for it man.
Yeah.
Ooh.
Yeah.
Oh god.
Yeah.
It's too good.
It's too good.
Ooh.
Where to go?
Be too far.
I'm staying off the floor.
Hype train is the bad bitch show.
Trash in all these fuckers like the trash man
goes hard in the streets.
Bonesprout in the sheets.
Ooh, the sheets?
Don't talk about Bonesprout's sheets.
Just talking about the sheets.
2000 Plime Man ain't that neat.
Look at this beat.
It's a good drawing.
I like this hype train case.
I don't know why you're whining about it all the time.
Because his soul is weak.
He can't hate me.
He's a good guy.
He can't handle these hot trash beats.
Are you glad that I'm here?
I like it.
I think he's adding to the news coverage.
We haven't talked about the news at all.
What are you talking about?
This headline's right here.
This is basically kind of like listening to Donald Trump talk.
That's mean to say about our show.
I think it's accurate.
Tweet tweet.
See?
Can you just think that the Bonesprout gave out five community subs?
I think it's accurate.
Five community subs?
Well, he ran out of beat.
He was winding up to it.
Thank you. Jeff has my back.
Finally, somebody has my fucking back.
Because everybody's always
freaking out at me, man.
I don't want to play my trash beats.
To hear my hot trash raps.
Oh, trash beats.
Don't worry. I've got your back hype train.
I've got this trash type beat featuring this nerdy kid.
He's barely trashy, but I'll take it.
I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll.
See, he's doing good stuff.
Why do you like him?
I just like his vibe.
I like his positive vibes case and the hype that he's bringing.
Maybe you could get on board for once.
I'm capable of having fun.
Really? Then prove it.
Talk fun to the hype train.
What's talking fun mean?
Talk fun to the hype train.
Do it, case. Talk fun to me.
It's good to see you.
Boring you shit. That's not fun.
Talk fun to the hype train, case.
Do that. Do it like this.
I have a Pogo sick that shoots to Mars.
And on Mars, I have a thousand golden cars.
They can't drive, but they can fly.
Straight to hell where I live, man.
And they smell.
You see that he rhymed hell with smell.
Talk fun to me, case.
Um, your rainbow is nice.
Shut the fuck up, case. That sucks.
Here's how you talk fun.
I'm a jade, that's it.
I have a bunch of slime that I keep in my basement.
A bunch of ladies went down there and they got bent into shapes.
But not sexual ones.
Educational shapes.
What? What? What? What? What?
Loche.
Now, high tank is beating motion.
The first shape that the ladies made was an A.
And guess what they made next?
A B.
Now, a B.
C? Different.
How's a B different than a B?
Talk fun to me, case.
I don't even know what you're talking about.
I'm just fucking vibing, man.
You don't even get this, man. You don't even get it.
I own another Piccolo.
Not the dragon-deed-ball-z character.
A different Piccolo.
It's a dog.
You have a dog named Piccolo?
Well, sort of.
It's more like a hell mutt made out of spines.
But I still pet it in and it feels so fine.
But it might only feel fine because when I pet him,
I make sure that I pet him with my metal.
What?
My body is metal. You didn't even know that, man?
I guess that makes sense. You're a train.
You killed me by being not fun.
I'm trying to keep my eyes open.
I'm struggling though because you're being so boring.
That poor hype train was just trying to have a good time.
Talking about having a metal dog and making ladies assume alphabet shapes.
And you just couldn't have fun, case.
I'm just saying this because I'm worried about you.
I'm worried that you're just not fun all the time.
What is fun to you?
I don't know. Just saying stuff that's easy to rhyme with out loud.
How is that that fun? It's fun.
Check this out.
Coat. Boat.
I've got a nice coat and I'm on a big boat.
You got to admit that's fun to say.
Tense with your pants off. I do it all the time.
Sometimes I do it when it cuts to you.
I'm looking right at you in the monitor.
Monitor.
I got a big monitor.
And I've got some hot watered her.
It doesn't really make sense, but I enjoyed saying it, case.
Do you understand?
Can we talk about Donald Trump?
I can't believe I'm saying that.
But I'd love to just move on.
Cases being a huge fucking bummer.
Speaking of, Trump says the Department of Defense should be the Department of War.
But come on. Is he wrong?
Choosing Trump over fun?
I just don't know what kind of fun...
We covered it.
Or you covered nothing.
War. What is it good for?
This department.
I think the cosmetic changes that we might make to department names are probably less important than the armed National Guard that he plans on sending to the various Democratic cities that he resents.
Probably just in time for that New York mayoral election.
I'm sure the National Guard will keep all those voters safe.
Yeah, that is a little alarming that he seems to be interested in flooding.
Getting his hair going, guys.
Yeah. See, now I'm fun.
I made my hair more fun than you.
Oh, man.
You think he's going to interfere with democracy, case? When has he ever done that?
You know, the couple times he did that.
Name the couple. Well, the one big time and then all the other times that he says it shouldn't really be a thing.
The other day, he said that America wants a dictator, but he was kidding.
He does jokes all the time and a lot of people don't get a sense of humor.
And I think that's sad because look at how funny he's holding that microphone.
He's holding it pretty normally.
Oh, you think that's normal?
I guess you don't know what fun is, so what should I expect?
Ha ha!
Put my seat up.
Oh, Toler! Make me taller!
Yes. Yes, chair.
Is the best defense a good offense?
President Donald Trump thinks so.
This kind of fun writing is courtesy of the, of Us Weekly.
Trump... is that right? Why are we reading that?
Oh, USA Today, sorry. Us Weekly, I probably isn't talking about this.
Why'd you say Us Weekly?
And I just said US in the, in the, never mind.
Trump brought out his previously acceded intention, stated, sorry,
intention to rename the Department of Defense to what it once was.
The Department of War. Make America its old departments again.
Was there ever a Department of Slavery?
What? Why are you asking that?
Well, I just, I just, if he's bringing back old departments,
I'm guessing that that was kind of a thing when the Department of War was a thing?
Well, yeah, if it was originally called that.
So did they have one?
Might just been the Department of Agriculture.
And yeah, stop giving them ideas.
I don't think I have to. I think they're trying to bring that back.
Some would say they, in certain senses, already have.
What you mean?
They don't have a department for it yet.
He also brushed aside any concerns about Congress not going along with the plans,
saying, we're just going to do it.
But come on, that's been a slogan since, what, the 80s, 70s?
And we all love it. We love everything about it.
And now we're mad at the President for just doing it.
He's been just doing it a lot lately.
And the results speak for themselves.
Is they sure do?
I'm sure Congress will go along if we need that.
I don't even think we even need that, he said.
I am assuming still wanting the thing that he said we need, that we don't need.
It's a little, you know, he says stuff.
It used to be called the Department of War. Okay, we get it.
Defense is too defensive, said Trump.
We want to be defensive, but we want to be offensive too.
Seems much more appropriate.
Have we ever been offensive before?
I thought we were mostly a defensive nation.
What gave you that idea?
Yeah, mostly the news that I read out loud when I used to work for major news publications and networks.
I'd say that we're being defensive all the time.
We were doing that, right?
When did you think the United States was a defensive, outside of like the Revolutionary War?
The War of 1812?
And then some of the stuff I said about Iraq.
Oh yeah, you did say certain things about Iraq.
I just read stuff about Iraq.
That was defensive though, right?
You know why you're looking at me.
What did I do?
That's between you and your goreb.
Do not insult the goreb that I worship.
Anyways, he's doing that.
And also he said stuff in a press conference with a bunch of guys, all these guys behind him.
Some of his favorite guys showed up.
The big handsome troops that he also says are suckers.
But you know, he says that about all the guys.
Let's see what he had to say in this little clip.
Okay, hello.
Crowd work time.
DicTac loves crowd work.
It's good.
Well, I just want to thank everybody very much for...
Is he going to sing?
I wanted to do this.
We've had some incredible results.
The results have come out and it's like a different place.
It's like a different city.
It's the capital.
It's going to be the best in the world.
We're going to do what you're doing with law enforcement.
Is that Gavin Newsom right next to him?
I guess they cleared things up.
Thank God.
Gavin Newsom do a fusion dance with the ghost of Richard Nixon.
You know what? I'm getting distracted.
And very importantly also, we're going to physically do it.
We're going back to Congress for some money.
And we're going to redo a lot of the pavement, a lot of the medians,
a lot of the graffiti is all coming off.
Plastic guard stuff.
So many phone calls thanking me for what we've done in Washington, DC,
from people that haven't gone to a restaurant in literally in four years.
Wow.
And they said, you know what you've done is it's unprecedented.
And if people are now coming in, they're making reservations to come in.
They want to be in Washington, DC.
One of the things we're going to be redoing is your parks.
I'm very good at grass because I have a lot of golf courses.
Let me just pause this.
We have an update on this story from Quit Twitching.
This chimp pimp shrimp went limp and gimp while pounding a blimp.
I just thought it was important to add that context.
Thank you Quit Twitching.
That's actually much appreciated.
Just here to report the facts.
I know more about grass than any human being.
Oops, sorry.
He knows what now.
And we're going to be.
Okay. Let's run that back.
I'm very good at grass.
He just spit on a bar.
Let's run it back.
They're coming in.
They're making reservations to come in.
They want to be in Washington, DC.
One of the things we're going to be redoing is your parks.
I'm very good at grass because I have a lot of golf courses all over the place.
I know more about grass than any human being, I think, anywhere in the world.
Wow.
And we're going to be regressing all your parks, all your sprinkler systems.
The best that you can.
No wonder he's president, guys.
It'll look like Augusta.
It'll look like more importantly, Trump National Golf Club.
That's even better.
But we're going to look, we're going to have all brand new.
George Thomas offended.
Like everything else.
Grass expert.
Absolutely.
Grass is alive.
You know, we have a life and grass is alive.
And it's going to happen fast.
It's going to go up like a miracle.
So you do the job on safety and I'll get everybody goes from smiling to this lady's
look so quickly when President Donald Trump really lays into a speech for the first
minute, you're like, oh, it's so relaxed.
I guess he I guess he's charming us.
And then about 10 minutes into his, you know, third mention of being the best ever
at grass, I think most people settle into this lady's expression.
Maybe this guy's this guy's really putting up a good front here.
Thumb cop 2.0.
And then it is only his true sycophants like Timu Gavin Newsom, which is I'm
stealing from someone in chat, but it flew by too fast.
They will keep the smiles going the whole time because they're the pros, but
most of us just can't do it.
This place fixed up physically and we're going to be so proud of it at the
end of six months.
But let's say at the end of a year, this place will be maxed out in terms of
beauty and you people are winners.
And I just think it's really it's such an honor to be with you and we're
going to make Washington, DC great again.
We're making our country great.
The country is very close to being great when they say it's the hottest
country in the world.
They mean it.
Don't you love when they say that when they say it's the hottest
country in the world?
You haven't been hearing people say that all over the place?
Well, how the country is hot again?
They say it because Trump says they say it a lot.
They're saying it says him so they are.
You'll dress as all the folks are on the clock.
If they weren't getting paid, it would be a lot thinner of a crowd.
Well, you know, it's law enforcement.
So I don't know how thin it's ever going to be case.
I mean, because they're so committed to their jobs.
Hmm.
We need to deport Taylor Swift.
She is making the country not hot.
Taylor Swift is doing that.
He might have said that.
He's probably said that at some point.
So could be actionable.
Paris did her new set.
And it's dropped a new set.
Should we check that out?
Isn't she DJ all the time?
Yeah, but maybe she's got a new set she's doing in all the
underground clubs.
I don't know.
He also at some point said he's going to give this incredible
National Guard grass and pavement treatment along with
armed arrests to Chicago, New York, and maybe LA can get a
taste of it again.
All three of my favorite cities in the United States are
going to get, you know, this incredible upgrade that DC
just got.
You remember seeing her set in college?
That was big in college for sure.
Okay.
Well, that's the thing he's saying.
Also, he's rotting to death, hopefully.
He's okay.
I meant to say at the end of that sentence.
He's rotting to death.
Hopefully.
He's okay.
Yeah.
There's a lot of photos of his hands lately.
He's sort of lizarding out in front of all of us.
Ooh, that's looking a little palpitini for sure.
Did he just blast Samuel L. Jackson and his purple
lightsaber off the top of the Empire State Building or
something?
At best he was on the roof of the White House doing
that.
So I think maybe Jackson will survive that one.
It doesn't look great, but I guess he's on the record
is having some kind of weird syndrome.
I mean, there's got to be stuff going on in that body, right?
But is there any candidate more so than him to be the real
Mr. Burns physiology where every disease is just
somehow negating one another?
It could be Golden Era, Mr. Burns body logic.
That's true.
I don't see any other explanation.
He is basically made out of hamburgers and resentment.
Hmm.
Trump diagnosed with rotting to death syndrome.
Subritchie.
I wish.
You going to finish that?
I wish and well is what I meant to say.
All right, right, right.
Sepsis.
Yeah, what is he?
What was his Trump?
What was his diagnosis?
Trump diagnoses.
Um, is violin and the chronic venous insufficiency.
Men are from Mars.
Trump's slacking Venus.
Pain in the Venus.
Cognitive heart failure.
Really?
Everybody is getting a certain people.
Certain people are getting excited at the prospect of him.
You know, having the disease, having leprosy or whatever.
Going straight kingdom of heaven on it.
The king of Jerusalem just rotting to death in front of us all.
Honestly, not far off from the position Trump is putting himself in.
But I don't know, he's got that cockroach blood baby.
I don't know if he was in New York for too long.
He imbibed the power of the rats and the cockroaches and he might be unkillable.
Stop putting that kind of stuff out there, Case.
All of us are but mortal men.
Just doing our best.
The first part, yes.
The second part I'm not so sure.
Anyway, we do have some comments.
Sloppy fuck yellers.
Oh, your old sketch group.
You got some fans in the chat case.
Did we just find out Jeff's also from hell like the hype train?
No.
No, I'm from New York City.
Well, I didn't know that.
Yeah, I'm a big New York guy.
You didn't know that?
Classic New York Jeff Ripple.
The guy who wants the peace prize wants the Department of War back.
Well, it's a piece through strength actually is I believe what they keep saying.
So you're going to feel how strong this piece is very soon.
They've been in the gym and their peace keeps getting stronger and stronger.
A lot of strong pieces out there for us.
Which pizza place sells the best trash pizza?
According to chat, it's a Domino's exclusive, but I could have sworn there was
Ronoke something pizza with trash pizza that I think was at one point Mexican pizza.
It sounds like you're just veering towards some kind of racist statement about pizza.
I don't know, is the term Mexican pizza racially charged?
Well, it's racial, I guess.
Maybe.
Well, Mexicans not a race.
I'm going to move on before I get in trouble.
Restaurant week was last week in DC.
It was the lowest attended ever.
But that was last week.
That was before he gave the National Guard guns.
So run it back.
And I think we can get those numbers up.
Nothing gets people to restaurants like armed National Guardsmen in the streets.
So I'm sure the street scene is good.
The street vendors are going to be popping.
What Joe asking what JD Vance will do when he takes over case.
JD, are you in there?
Which one are you?
Jekyll or Hyde?
Inquiring minds want to know.
I want to know who I'm dealing with right now.
I'm just me.
I'm not JD Vance.
You're trying to escape.
We can all hear it.
I can sense.
The cold hand of Peter Teal creeping up case's spine trying to puppet his mouth.
But it's just not working.
You have to try harder, Peter.
He's escaping your pole.
I'm not JD Vance.
Because Peter's not trying hard enough to puppet your body.
We'll show them the peaceful way by force.
Exactly.
Peace through strength.
Peace through in powerful glutes and squats.
And a couple of bombs is the order of the day.
And he's ordering it up for a democratically run city near you.
And by that I do mean the party.
We don't have democracy anywhere in this country.
So I didn't.
And by that...
I mean democracy.
Are there any other stories?
Pritzker said something about Trump doing whatever he's threatening to do in Chicago.
I'm sure Pritzker will stop it.
Because for every bad billionaire there's a good billionaire.
It's a 50-50 split.
50-50 split.
Sif style.
But you know.
50-50. Good and bad.
I'm not sure I feel as comforted by JD Pritzker's
broad and powerful leadership.
But I guess we can...
If we're gonna hear out Trump.
Let's give ourselves a little bit of the Pritzker action.
So many contenders throwing their hat in the ring for this 2028 election.
That will hopefully happen.
One of them is JD Pritzker.
He's got the money and the profile apparently too.
I guess run for president.
I don't know what the bar is anymore anymore.
Let's see what he has to say.
Emergency in Chicago that calls for armed military intervention.
And ask if they want their neighborhoods turned into a war zone by a wannabe dictator.
No one from the White House or the executive branch has reached out to me or to the mayor.
No one has reached out to our staffs.
No effort has been made to coordinate or to ask for our assistance in identifying any actions that might be helpful to us.
Local law enforcement has not been contacted.
We have made no requests for federal intervention.
You don't say.
Donald Trump wants to use the military to occupy a U.S. city.
Punish his dissidents and score political points.
Earlier today in the Oval Office...
He moved around the manual.
...the assembled cameras and asked for me personally to say...
That's a brutal thing to be.
Mr. President, can you do us the honor of protecting our city?
Instead I say Mr. President, do not come to Chicago.
Ah, that'll keep him out.
If you hurt my people, nothing will stop me.
Not time or political circumstance.
From making sure that you face justice under our constitutional rule of law.
As Dr. King once said, the arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends toward justice.
Ah, that'll get him.
Nothing will stop him from quoting Dr. Martin Luther King to keep Trump out of Chicago.
Well, what do you want him to do?
I don't know.
Use the police to keep the National Guard out?
You mean go straight up to war?
We'll see what happens.
We're all gonna be throwing force around.
Let's throw some hats in the ring.
Come on, let's get this thing going.
Armed conflict is your advice here.
I'm just saying if armed conflict is the method of adjudicating everything in this country,
where else is it gonna head?
Get the Latin Kings and the Gds in on it?
I like what Lyvin Sleazy's putting down personally.
Well, some of us actually, in case, would love to not see violence in the streets,
but that's what we're seeing in the streets.
It's just not being perpetrated against you and me, Jeff.
A debate has been demanded.
There'll be a war regardless if they go to Chicago.
I mean, there's gonna be crazy protests.
Well, it just depends how heavily armed the National Guard is.
That's what I mean, though.
This is all bending towards violence.
At a certain point, tough and structured talk isn't really gonna move the needle in any direction.
I honestly, I don't actually want to see any kind of violence.
I mean, this is all incredibly embarrassing and stupid and really unnecessary.
But I guess at best maybe he's just gonna continue to put National Guard in these cities that are,
though all American cities have too much violence.
They're not operating currently outside of the norms of what we've come to expect in the United States.
And the National Guard will not solve gun violence, obviously.
They might add to it a little bit.
So, at best I guess they'll just be wandering around the streets and it won't really change much.
And I'm sure that they'll say it's changing everything.
But at worst, if the winds blow in a certain direction and maybe Trump wants to flex certain nodes of his power
to gum up certain democratic institutions from, I don't know, kicking them out of office,
it just sort of feels like a little bit of a setup for that at this point
if he's really gonna keep spreading these guys all around the country.
But he's also a total fucking idiot, so I could imagine him blowing it.
We'll see.
No good guy with a gun is the answer.
No, no one would be good in this situation.
I mean, I'm mostly kidding.
If we get the Trump, if we get the Chicago PD versus National Guard 2026 bout that no one asked for.
I just wonder the more likely thing honestly is everybody just caves all of these senators and governors and mayors just sort of roll over and let it happen.
But depending on how far Trump, you know, feels like pushing this national march of militarism, I don't know.
I don't know what people will be willing to tolerate and where the breaking point will be.
We're definitely not there yet.
But where it's headed seems really ugly and bad to me, so we'll keep an eye on it.
Dark Knight that shit.
Bane.
We just got to get Bane out there.
No governor will tell their police force to interfere with the National Guard.
They don't want to be the person who triggers a civil war.
No, we're not there at all yet.
But it just depends what the end game, if there even is one, is for all of this madness that's currently going on.
If you're like Governor Pritzker, you obviously have to say something.
But I would say most of the equivocating coming out of Democratic politicians does not feel terribly inspirational.
And clearly no one's holding Trump to account through legal means.
Maybe he's being slowed down in select cases and that's a good thing.
But I just don't know who's going to square the circle of putting up any actual resistance to this stuff.
It's not an easy thing.
I wouldn't want to be giving that speech if I were Pritzker.
I don't know what the right move would be or what the right words were.
But it does require some actual action and it feels like the action being taken against Trump is extremely measured and limited currently.
And some people might have to start taking some bigger swings.
To be fair though, not militarizing the police force.
I don't think that would actually work.
Two A's legal means.
I actually don't entirely know what that means live in Sleazy.
So that's on me for living up to the name of the show.
The country is so hot right now it's on fire.
That's true.
He has been saying it's a hot country.
And there's some hot talk coming out of all sorts of mouths right now case.
So I'm glad that you're trying to add to the national temperature.
Remember that second amendment thing?
The bit about tyrants?
Whatever happened to that?
Yeah.
I mean if this were the 1800s everybody would be getting all fired up as soon as we mentioned.
Hey good news you can flex your second amendment right go grab those guns everybody has.
Time to get that militia going again.
Yeah the way you know militias really fell out of favor unfortunately.
Unfortunately.
I mean the fortune turned unfortunate for them.
Oops repeats.
Everything's broken around here.
Donnie is famous for taking no for an answer.
I mean he will.
I still think despite pumping his fist in there after getting shot in the air he's mostly a coward who's doesn't want to be bothered.
Like you know he'll he'll like get mad but I think he would back down if barked down by the right sources.
But I do think unfortunately at this point it's basically just the military.
So he also might rot to death in front of us if he's not already.
It's really hard to say what's going to happen.
I probably shouldn't joke about you know governor's cementing armed conflict in major American cities but you know I just don't know.
I don't know what the rules are currently and nobody nobody quite seems to know so why being flux a little bit good old fluxing rules.
Do you think we have a general and enough troops to tell Trump to get out first people with Trump.
I don't know what the political leanings of our military leadership is I would guess it leans conservative.
I will certainly leans conservative but Trump conservative probably just depends what they're offering.
You know the real the real people I would suspect that our military answers to are.
The people holding holding the bag the military industrial complexity if you will.
So I guess it would just depend if they think Trump would be like a boon for them verse Democrats which sounds like the easy answer there would be like of course Trump is going to give way more money to the military but Democrats are no slouches either they also love lining the pockets of arms dealers.
So I don't know that's at least the I feel like the traditional agreement named the bin militia there we go now we're talking.
Now we're getting that hot talk going anyway I feel like the traditional social agreement between like the military and the state is essentially keeping the country relatively at peace and pliable so that they can find their pockets by selling arms as much as they want around the globe.
And that's I guess working for them but I don't know that everything is everything is getting so dumb and like everything is turning into trash pizza basically.
So it's really hard to predict the name of the bin militia is creamers elbows up for freedom genital slit.
Nope the other one September and September.
Oh which September could win September to September it could be a close race between September to September but Elba's up for freedom.
Sorry my stomach was liberating itself there is also putting up a fight and just coming in in the front is September to actually it's supposed to be slit.
Well, it almost won with the other one, so I'm just saying, don't throw it out necessarily.
It doesn't have to be a gendered word.
We can all be sluts, case, especially me.
Okay, Jeff.
Indeed.
DC doesn't have a governor.
Governors are generals.
Guves are generals in the National Guard.
Um, I honestly am not familiar enough with the structure of the National Guard.
I think DC just has a mayor, right?
I don't think it's a pure point.
General?
Um, Kendall catalog.
Ah.
Okay, well anyway, I guess we should move on.
I can stop talking about governors commonly calling for armed rebellions.
Do you really think Pritzker would be the first one to do that?
Wouldn't it have to be gruesome noose?
Oh, that's so depressing, though.
That's so depressing if the lines of the Second American Civil War are Gavin Newsom and Donald
Trump.
I would honestly take Pritzker over Trump.
What governor do you want the most to head up your civil war?
Blagojevic.
Bring him back.
Bring back Blagojevic to command Chicago's 23rd, the 23rd Battalion of Chicago.
Okay, well, I guess that's the news.
Don't worry.
It isn't actively landing on you yet.
Some are beginning to shout that it's falling and they're not necessarily chickens saying
it.
What is this outro?
I'm creating a ripple of ideas here, Case.
I'm building up.
I'm holding the rock of ideas I'm about to throw it in the pond and watch it ripple
out.
But you cut me off, so I ended up skipping it, creating a bunch of ripples, which
isn't as big of a ripple.
You second, Ernest.
Can we choose anyone I'm choosing?
Ernest from the Ernest movies.
Ernest does America Civil War?
Ernest goes civil?
What would it be called?
Ernest goes revolutionary?
Ernest kills the...
Ernest kills the president would be.
Wow.
You know, the only hope I have for our dark AI future is that there's unlimited Ernest
movies and we can finally see Ernest kills the president.
We're not skippling the rippling, don't worry.
I'm rippling at all sorts of powerful cosmic brainwaves right now and they've
infected you from the source of the mind rock that I was discussing earlier.
And as usual, it's a powerful ripple outro because I am in fact, Jeff Ripple, we'll
see you soon.
Bye-bye.
Start with my other hands in my pocket.
Yay!
It's your favorite.
Fresh out of the wall, which I've been working on for you, Case, and working on
that wall for you.
Do over not him.
Yeah, that's...
Is there anybody else available?
Come on, I'm right here and I'm ready to go.
Aren't you excited for this big wall thing we've got going?
All this wall tension?
For anyone not carefully following the increasingly complicated lore of the
stream, Peter lives in the wall and has, through a long time subgoal,
insisted that we explore it.
We will be going back in the wall.
Devilblade 1706?
Such a beautiful year for blades.
1706.
I'm assuming their name is named after the year of 1706.
A great year for Devilblades.
What are you talking about, Peter?
Well, just thank you for the follow.
Anyway, I have been in the wall.
I've been improving the wall ahead of your arrival.
Actually, I won't be going in munches going in.
Somehow to save the soul of Grum.
Again, the lore on this stream has gotten a little bloated.
Well, some of the greatest things around are a little bloated.
You know what I mean?
Keep telling yourself that.
I will, case, because I love myself.
You know, we're actually here to watch internet videos.
Oh, I thought we were here to give a bunch of tough talk about
fake revolutions, tough guy.
Oh, you're giving it to me today.
I love you, though.
I do love you, though.
I'm just rousing you.
Take it easy on this fomenting violence stuff case.
Because once you're in the wall, you begin to understand.
Violence is all just part of the great wall soup.
And that's not very interesting what you're saying, actually.
What does that even mean?
You'll understand.
OK, well, we can all be part of the great wall soup later.
Let's watch a video of a cat.
I see that again.
Pretty good, eh?
Good stuff, yeah.
That cat knows what's up.
When you see a baby, we should all make that face.
Now you're anti-baby.
I'm just saying babies will get you in trouble.
Kendall just walked in.
Kendall's here.
Kendall's here.
Yes?
What?
Turn around to where?
That Kendall fucking lives.
Yo, let me tell you about a girl in Kendall.
Turn which way?
That vibe's so wild, man.
She's raised male.
This is Chris, seen by her size in this party.
That Kendall's wife was inside her name.
Oh, she's throwing cards.
Wait, put your hand in the frame here,
throwing through frame.
8.72 for that.
I can't do it this way.
Hey, Ken.
Is this the home throw in the bars?
But they can't see it is my point.
Are you throwing?
OK, OK.
OK, pretty good.
Take this one.
Take these semi-translucent cards.
You're great.
I'm so sorry.
They had to be green.
Whoa!
Gambit.
Oh, my god.
That one went nowhere.
OK, my hand made it.
We all have slug.
Whoa!
She almost took my ear off.
Oh, my god.
She's too good.
Way to go, Kendall.
Thank you.
Has someone clipped that?
I want to see it.
I want you to last one.
Hey, they're raiding it.
They're giving it a rating.
Here, we'll also see if they think it's funny.
Oh, my god.
There's all types of ratings you guys can do right now.
I learned that yesterday.
Wow, wait.
Really good, Kendall.
Shut up, Peter.
She didn't do it for you.
Boo!
Boo's.
Oh, come on.
It was good.
What the?
OK, it's more lol than boo.
Well, it won't more of a pause than a lol.
I don't have an applause when I only
have a lol and boo when I'm done.
I could make an applause when, but it will take me a day of work.
7.88 is what they gave me with my prank.
Pretty good.
And as far as laughs, it got a good joke.
It's pretty good.
Why are you so cruel?
I was just trying to compliment your beautiful bride.
Don't collar that.
Why are you afraid to put a ring on that?
Because I ain't afraid.
No, just we're not yet.
So that's weird.
I think we're just having fun.
Let's watch these two gals have fun.
This is some, this is a clip of something.
Oh, you think she's OK?
I think the actor is OK.
But the character depends on the franchise.
But if it's a werewolf and she just recovers immediately.
But even if you shoot a Dracula in the vagina,
does it kill it?
I guess not.
I think they have super regenerative genitals as well.
But do you know that for a fact?
It's for movies and stuff, so no.
What about werewolves?
If it's silver bullets, will it destroy their genitals?
Is that a Trump political ad?
I think so.
And I guess it worked.
Weird what works in politics.
7.41.
I think she was a 10, though.
Even after getting her vagina riddled with bullets,
it was seemed like a tough vagina.
It was showing no signs of bullet drama.
There was a little blood splatter, but maybe they
were mostly bouncing off.
Who knows?
OK.
Let's learn about a little bit of a certain word
that I can't say out loud.
What?
It's just a chocomot white.
God.
Isn't that kind of just torture?
Is that from the Japanese Saw franchise?
I don't know if there is a Japanese Saw franchise,
but there should be.
They kind of had torture movies before us.
They're probably better at it than us.
Is that really boiling water?
It was steaming.
I mean, it was super low res, but it kind of
looked like it was steaming to me.
So maybe.
You know, that verse, like a reality TV show
where you have to get married to a person you've never seen.
Is that a show?
Believe it or not, that's a show.
I think I actually prefer that.
If you're going to torture yourself,
just do it physically and for our entertainment.
Instead of mentally and physically,
seemingly for decades of your life in a sham marriage,
could be dry ice.
Could also be faked.
And I'm fully in support of it being faked.
But maybe it was real.
That's what they want you to ask.
OK.
Technology has changed.
But I miss the days of old classic phones.
That's my intro for this.
Don't say that after the intro then.
That's my intro for that though.
I followed candidate Jonah Ryan as he campaigned in his home state.
How am I doing?
Eating so much pussy, I'm shitting clits, son.
Hey!
What?
This is malametry school.
Watch your spewing mouth, you animal.
Hey, you're going to pay for that.
That is a salt.
That's a salt.
You are witnesses.
Right now.
This is a salt.
Why we shouldn't talk about politics?
I think it's from Veep.
I'm assuming.
You've never seen Veep?
Apparently you've never seen Veep.
You thought that was real.
Maybe Veep is real, case.
Yeah, if you think about it.
It's not ruining everything, Peter.
Can you play some music, gorilla?
Please.
Please.
Gorilla?
Play some music?
He doesn't do it if he's not feeling inspired.
Listen up, Jack.
BigJade91.js Mama Jam 300 shiny tasty coins.
I've been dying to say this.
What's that?
Veep, that's not me anymore, bitches.
That's true.
He got out of game.
Usually you're in that mob for life.
Well, I think he probably was really close to in the mob for life.
Stop saying cruel things, case.
BigJade, I thank you so much for the 300.
Mr. President, congratulations on escaping that hard mob life.
I think the mob is honestly probably more fun than politics.
Probably be more fun to be in the mob than be in the high rinks
of the Democratic Party.
I mean, I don't know, OK, sounds like they were definitely
doing some partying.
All right, Peter, you know we're going to just not.
We're not going to pay attention to you.
We're going to play this video of a cat.
Fuck.
All right, here we go.
Oh, my God.
BigJade, my one just absolutely pounded one thousand
sweet bits straight into the great game of progress.
And I just have to say this, imagine being deep.
Couldn't be me.
Couldn't be that couldn't be Obama.
Obama, if we're getting rid of term limits, come on back.
I know you're having fun with Hulu and whatnot, but.
That's a president right there.
That classic Obama stare where he just doesn't talk for a few
seconds and then slides out of frame.
I don't think that's the thing he ever did, Peter.
Bring him back.
Obama.
Could I be like the Obama girl?
You remember that Bernie girl?
Hello, boomer.
I could do hello, Obama.
You're under.
You're not understanding the appeal of that video on any level.
And.
Just let the internet forget about that.
OK.
I saw that lady at G4 once and she seemed nice.
She's not just the OK boomer girl.
She's named something else.
Better probably.
What was the cat doing case?
And thank you so much, BigJDub, for showering us with one thousand bits
there by summoning former president Barack Obama.
One of my faves.
Well, you know, some some things are preferable to the current situation.
I'll give you that.
OK, what's this turtle doing?
That's why you got to be careful with skateboards.
Oh, he played.
He likes a skateboarding turtle.
It immediately gave him a Bart Simpson style attitude.
And that's dangerous case.
Pretty soon he's going to be shooting pebbles at people with his yo-yo-yo.
I mean, a slingshot?
I was never a bad kid, so I never learned the terms.
But I was saying you got to be careful giving skateboards to children and pets
because they'll get a bad attitude almost immediately.
Oh, baby, BigJDub summoning another president?
What's that, Mr. President?
Yeah?
BigJDub 91 just met my jam 300 shiny tasty coins and I've been dying to say this.
Wait a minute, you're trying to say something to me.
I'm sorry, I'm so old.
I might fall when I was born and sheesh in a way, fucked Donald Trump.
It's okay, Mr. President, former...
I guess you still call him Mr. President.
Want a president?
Always a president.
That's what the president says.
Well, anyway, you can take a break, Mr. President.
It's okay.
We're fans here.
Honestly, at this point, we're fans.
We've had our differences, but now we're just fans.
Huge president... just fans of president.
Yeah, we're big president fans here.
Not of particular ones, but you know.
Anyway, BigJDub, thank you so much for the generosity and letting us hear from some former...
some former... some former... our favorite former president.
You gonna add any other former?
Get some George W in there, George HW.
Maybe a Jimmy Carter.
Maybe a Van Buren.
I don't know if there's a Van Buren AI voice.
There will be one soon.
That stuff is crazy.
It's crazy what they're doing.
Okay, what's this guy up to?
This looks like it might make everyone feel a little sick.
Let's take a look.
Grand Central Boon Town, baby.
Is that as sharp as it looks?
Yeah, Giggle Trash, I think you're right.
I don't know if that's safe for anyone.
Also, it looks like it's focusing a beam of powerful laser light on his face.
But he does seem like he's having fun.
And who am I to knock anyone for bisecting themselves into various physical versions?
About looks.
Huh?
Nothing.
Peter, it's inside his face.
Is that built into a skull?
Did he have a mirror buzzsaw accident?
And that's the tragic result?
Yeah, he's the real-life two-face.
He's an underground concert crime lord.
In case I will believe you.
So you have to tell me if you're lying.
Okay, I believe you.
Quailudes.
Smoker, maybe I got him?
Gotta apply this to Quailudes.
Well, look, this is a video about Quailudes.
It could be disturbing or it could be beautiful.
Having never done that myself, I don't know.
See these bubbles.
I just missed that type of guy.
Look, I'm not encouraging drug use.
I don't know if Quailudes are safe.
They might be bad.
But I missed that type of guy.
What type of guy is that?
You know, the type of guy you meet at the back of a fish stick shop.
You know, a good old Boston style fish and chips joint.
He's just back there slapping his knees, screaming about the tiny tunes and crack.
And you're just like, God, they don't make him like this anymore.
Really reminds me of my dad.
Your dad like to show tiny tunes?
The only channel we got was Nickelodeon.
We just had an antenna.
Tiny tunes wasn't on Nickelodeon, I don't think.
Or was it?
You don't even know.
Either way, you should be getting that on an antenna.
You got a really specific Nickelodeon-only antenna.
Yeah, I think it was on Fox Kids.
Well, it depends on the zone you're in.
And you ain't in my zone.
Look, that's all the time we have.
You're calling it, I'm calling it.
You're insulting the legacy of my father.
And then yelling about cartoons and drugs.
WB Kids, there's a lot of contradictory information coming in.
It's because it was probably on more than one provider.
There used to be agreements between...
You don't know.
Spice Channel Junior.
Oh, it was on the Spice Channel too.
Oh, really?
I thought it was on those weird channels at the top of your cable service that only played music videos.
Those were only around in the late 2000s, early 2000s case.
And they didn't have tiny tunes.
Either way, we gotta go.
Where I'm not.
Who would mean to me?
And I can't handle it.
I said free arms.
Well, not for the first time, case.
Bye!
It is good to be back again.
Oh, yes.
Me myself.
If you talk over the music, we can't even hear you crumb.
And as soon as I cut to you, they're gonna stop applauding.
Oh, there we go.
What a surprise.
You just wait your turn.
I used to understand that when I talk, it's important when you talk, everyone...
Someone took Bart's voice.
Yeah, you!
Could you change?
Could you modulate that thing?
They're like Morgan Freeman or something?
Something to kind of gravelly and cool, not Bart Simpson?
Oh, shit, they jaded.
When will crumb be resurrected?
Everybody's on my ass about this.
Go in the wall.
You want a key from the devil in a very reasonable game of debates you played with Satan himself.
Look, I'm just extremely busy.
Obviously, there's a key infused in my soul that can unlock hell and free crumb.
That doesn't mean I can use it right away.
Crumb gets it.
That's why he's totally silent, because he's in agreement with me.
Who keeps making these say-song lyrics?
I think you're doing that to yourself.
Because that thing I have on you is just a speech assistant.
It's just saying what you're trying to say.
I just made dinner reservations in DC.
I can see everything.
Listen up, Jack.
Bigs of 91, just Mama Jam, 300 shitty tasty coins.
And I've been dying to say this.
Yeah?
Just as could do it faster.
Yeah?
The amount of times I am compared to Jesus is starting to get on my nerves,
because there is no comparison.
I'm absolutely better at everything I've ever been challenged on than that man.
And I knew him.
And he was not as good as you think.
Obviously, I'm also a proud Christian.
Obviously.
But I'm just saying I am better than Jesus.
Praise be his name.
You can go eat trash pizza at Domino's and the racist-ass Papa John's.
You know, I honestly feel like we give Papa John's too much.
Stop using my penis as a butt plug.
I'm trying to talk about pizza and how they're all racist.
So why are we calling out Papa John's?
You think Domino's isn't racist?
It just doesn't have as clear of a figurehead.
The entire pizza industry's got to be wrong by racist guys.
I hate you.
J-Dub, summoning the president again.
Biggie91, just Mama Jan, 300 shiny, tasty coins.
And I've been dying to say this.
What's that, Mr. President?
Yeshua better than all.
Yeshua?
I'm not going to knock Yeshua, okay?
But I will claim to be better at a foot race than Jesus.
And that comes up a lot.
People say I lost to him in a foot race back in the Dane, you know, ancient Rome.
Because I'm immortal.
And that's correct, right?
Comment on what I just said if I'm wrong, Crum.
Yeah, he says I'm not, but he knows I am.
Can I come home?
I want some chicken nuggets real bad.
The first thing you want is chicken nuggets?
Would that be your fucking prison meal?
Would that be your last meal if you were on the executioner's table?
Because you technically were, and it technically looks like it worked.
And I bet the last thing you ate was like plums or some shit.
I'm not going to be here.
There's going to be a lot of noises happening.
Apologies, the president seems to be mouthing along with Crum's words.
They jaded up 91 just absolutely pounded 1000 sweet.
Yes, Mr. President.
It's a great chasm of progress.
And I just have to say this, let me debate this courts.
Move along, Crum.
Obama, look, obviously we've had our differences.
A lot of people claimed you weren't even from this country.
I claimed that you were from the center of the earth.
And I did try to lead a band of mercenaries to throw you in a giant hole that I dug.
But, do not disgrace yourself by dealing with this man.
It is my burden, it is my curse.
I'm assuming a curse, kind of wrapping back around from the pledge I made to become immortal.
And this is what I've been left with.
So don't put that on yourself.
I wouldn't wish it on my worst president.
And I'm not saying you are, but...
I took Satan's back snatch.
Yours is next Ralph.
Let's get crainy.
You think that's an accomplishment?
That man is putting that back snatch out there for everyone.
Like a fucking pie on a window sill.
And the grandma's waftin' it away to bring in the whole neighborhood.
That's Satan's butt, okay?
He is open with that thing.
No shade, but that is not something to brag about the exclusivity of, okay?
Meanwhile, mine is basically, you know, fucking that secret Disney club.
Only Bob Iger gets in here.
Let's move on.
What are we debating today?
What are we debating today?
Uh...
Is the Pizza-
I get knocked down.
I get back up again.
You're never gonna cheap me down.
You son of a bitch.
Okay, good.
It wasn't the whole song.
Thank God.
Is the Peacopop Pizza-Pocalypse real?
Or just a marketing plot from G4?
It's real.
It's fucking real.
And it's coming.
I know everybody likes to make fun of that.
Oh, that's just probably some incredibly low hanging fruit idea.
Some dumbass writer at a barely viewed Twitch slash cable network had.
One day while working remotely in Chicago.
No.
It's the future.
And I've been shown it.
In too many wizards' crying portals to deny it at this point.
So you can deny it all you want, Crombud.
And you have to, because there's only two sides to any debate.
But it's real.
So if there's a mind that isn't my making that debate,
I will unfortunately have to inform you all of the impending Pizza-Pocalypse.
Very real, very much coming.
And Rip Blazers also real.
The whole thing.
The voice denies.
The whole thing was actually just saying the truth out loud.
But in a medium where it could not be believed.
That's a constant tactic of the great overlords that guide our destiny.
The Outlanders, the Beyonders, they are of many names and comics and media.
But in reality, it's a bunch of weird, ghosty kind of cosmic spirits.
And they're all named Frank.
But it's genderless to them.
They guide our future and they have a really bad taste.
They're basically fanfic writers but for the universe.
And unfortunately, they're just really freewheeling it.
They have bad ideas but they see them through.
And their big culminating ideas unfortunately the Pizza-Pocalypse.
I can't confirm when it will be.
When the great Beyonders that are all named Frank are going to visit this upon us.
But that is the future we all have to look forward to.
Some sort of mind-bending, reality-twisting, non-adventure, pure descent into chaos.
All of it Pizza-themed.
All of it centered around just a lazily named sci-fi character.
It's a bummer but that's how everything in the universe goes out.
Counterpoint Crom?
You want to deny reality like usual?
Remember that time you kissed me and we both giggled?
Probably I was giggling to hide the closest I've ever been to tears because I don't cry.
Because that would obvious-
You're still dead much.
All the souls you crushed and crumped in with your Nintendo brand Kaijo
are swimming in hell for your head on a spoke and penis on a plate.
You did not save them. You only created a new timeline.
Hopping into a new timeline counts as saving them, okay?
Because I would argue a timeline doesn't exist until you observe it.
I'm essentially forcing the reality that I dream of into...in existence.
Remember that what do you want on your tombstone? Pizza commercial LOL EME 2.
Time!
Pizza commercial LOL? Wait that's what you want on your tombstone?
That's actually kinda cool as shit.
That's like the first cool thing you've ever said.
Maybe being dead, I mean being sick, I mean having workers-
You can only beat Jesus in a foot waste because of those holes in his feet.
Well, but it's not my fault if he's challenging me to a foot race with holes in his feet.
I mean that's crazy. He had the cross on his back too.
I was like you really think you're gonna beat me?
And it was not that close.
I was very ahead until I slipped.
And they gave it to me on that, not a technicality.
He cheated, Jesus cheated.
He had a cross on his back and he had holes in his feet.
He's still cheated because he's always grandstanding showing off.
And also I am a member of his church and I do, I pray and praise be his name.
I have fucking cheat. You know what I mean?
Am I making any-
Is Munch now claiming to be Highlander?
Yes!
There can be only one.
Obviously. Yeah, exactly. That's why it's me.
You might have noticed history bent towards just one guy sitting in this room talking to everybody.
Gallagher 2 and Rodney Dangerfield want to spit roast Munch.
Gallagher 2 is down there?
That sucks.
I thought Gallagher 2 would have made it to heaven, honestly.
I'm saying that because I don't really want to hang with him.
I like Gallagher 1. Is Gallagher 1 in fucking heaven?
I keep meeting people down in hell who say they're members of SIDUB 2.0
and keep talking about someone named Chance Blanthoff.
SIDUB?
That sounds totally made up. I don't know what the fuck you're talking about, Crump.
Did you notice I won actually? Jesus, quit cutting me off.
Every time you eat cheese crust filled pizza, it's pizza that I crumb-shot in.
Everyone ever? You're admitting to mass poisoning the entire globe?
With your seditious male seed? You monster?
No wonder you look like that.
I was just imagining the inside, baby.
I will trade my missing penis for some trashy Mexican pizza.
Well, that's fair because the penis is infinitely less valuable than the trashy Mexican pizza.
Second coming is actually in the chat. He's cool and he said he likes the comedy.
One second munch, no hype train and then you keep going out and coming home late
and I know you're going over to that whore's house.
No, don't touch me. We're done. I hate you.
Can you just listen to what I'm saying and respond, Crump?
We used to have some banter here.
Now it's like some crazy guy is just yelling about nothing
and this used to be about something, Crump.
Me, okay?
Thank you for the first time.
Done the estomy, Papa Ferrata. Chuputa.
Are you speaking in tongues?
Anyway, corn is grass. Thank you so much for the first time chat.
And I'm glad to hear the second coming is here because I've been waiting for that shit.
So I'm glad it's in the chat because I'm just saying get it over with, you know?
At this point, just get it over with because what am I even doing talking to this man?
Honestly, no one has made me lust for the-
Remember Tenchi Mayo?
Yes, of course I remember Tenchi.
Muiyo. I'm pretty sure that's how it's pronounced.
100% sure actually.
Tenchi motherfucking Muiyo.
One of the most generic ass dudes ever surrounded by a beautiful cadre of women.
Pfft. Seen that more than I would care to admit.
Oh, by the way, I met your mom down here.
Yeah, you said that and I keep saying.
Ask her how she's doing because it's been a while for me.
You think I still cling to-
Pizza pocket lips are what you can kiss when you get sent to hell.
The pizza pocket lips?
What even is that?
The pizza hut commercial was all that was to bait one.
We got a comment from someone that probably actually has the thought
that isn't about pizza pockets and that undeserving piece of shit Tenchi Muiyo in his hot harem.
Peter should be on Love is Blind.
That would be incredible.
In fact, I would love for any of the people on this particular broadcast
to show up on Love is Blind and just see how that works.
I'd love to see them work that out, whatever that would be.
And that's actually all the comments.
Anything else, Crumb?
Before we go, I actually need to hurry up.
I'm giving myself the light because I am the light, the savior.
And so is Jesus, I guess, and praise be his name.
Nope, Silent as usual.
As usual, I've silenced you.
Me and Hypedrain are going through a rough time right now.
Care to elaborate?
Do you know how stories work, Crumb?
The ice cream catastrophe will happen first.
Oh, okay.
Well, there is some debate in the pizza apocalypse community
if the ice cream catastrophe is an antecedent or a part of the pizza apocalypse.
I'm more on the side that the pizza apocalypse sort of-
No one knows the where's or why's, but something stirs and something tries
and starts to climb toward the light.
Strangers passing in the street by chance.
I'm sure at glances meet and I and you and what I see is me
and do I take you by the hand and lead you through the land
and help me understand the best I can?
And no one calls us to move on and no one forces down our eyes,
no one speaks, and no one tries, no one flies around the sun.
I'm assuming that's all the time we have.
You know, obviously I'm going to get the last word in
because that'll be the only one extra-
Open box.
I don't even know what you said and I refuse to learn what you said
and I swear to God these credits better be working, Pappito.
What you do to our goddamn credits?
This is a miscarriage of justice that these credits are not extremely active
and I will scream.
Oh.
You're going to get me back into arson at this rate.
And that was like-
And that you know what your mom says once your mouth is free.
Crumb? I swear to God. Did you do this to the credits?
There's supposed to be credits here.
You son of a bitch.
I see you acting like you can't move.
Your hair piece will be mine.
This piece of hair is fused to my-
I don't even have to justify myself to you.
I'm fucking out of here.
Actually you go.
I'm going to hang out here for a minute.
This is my space. I've reserved this space.
I reserved this space on several days ago.
For wall ball with my friends.
Oh my God.
I don't think they're doing okay.
I got to speed up. I got to expedite this wall process.
It's getting impossible to track what Munch is even talking about.
Not like usual.
All right.
Did we get an expert demanded?
End of therapy? I think I kind of have to go actually.
I have a thing.
I blew it. I didn't get to jumble I at all.
Got a big Wednesday show coming up.
A huge Wednesday show.
Oh, you know what? Here's what I'll close with.
Let's see who the expert even is.
What expert was requested?
Assuming one was requested.
Justin Juice Powers. That was- we did that one.
Onks the web.
Therapy.
Oh, can we get an update from Rip Laser?
I want to make sure he's alive in his timeline.
Or did Trump fuck up his world too?
I don't actually pres- you know, prescribe to Munch's particular lunatic system of beliefs.
That the pizza apocalypse is real.
I actually don't believe it. Personally.
So I don't really even think Rip Laser is a real guy.
So I don't actually think I can get him for you.
And I do apologize.
Oh, fool!
Oh!
Sorry, who's this?
It's me, man. I'm Rip Laser.
Sorry, I'm um-
Oh, jeez.
Oh, god! Okay, so-
Sorry, you're-
Oh!
Sorry. What?
I uh, you're getting- I'm from all over the multiverse, man, so there's a lot of versions of me.
This is the version of me that's a white guy with a pizza head.
I don't like it any more than you.
I do not like it at all.
Well, Drake was on the line there for a second, too.
That's the kind of thing that happens in the pizza apocalypse, which is real.
And I don't know how to warn you people about it any harder.
It's gonna happen.
Yeah, but when?
You're asking the wrong questions.
I don't know how to explain this any better, man.
You gotta be aware of the pizza apocalypse.
It's coming. It's gonna happen.
Yeah, but just any functional details would be useful.
And maybe don't promote Pizza Hut in the middle of it, but I-
They're the only ones doing the good work.
I know it sounds crazy. It sounds like an ad for Pizza Hut, but it's real.
It's- everything gets pizza.
Everything gets pizza, dude, and it's confusing and it's bad.
Not the premise I'm describing. The premise I'm describing is fine.
The reality of it is confusing and bad.
You know what I mean?
We're gonna get out of here today with some news, actually.
Oh, do you want me to do the news with you? No.
No, I'm gonna use chat.
I think I'll do chat instead.
Because I can stick around for a little bit.
So I'm trying to grab one to eat.
Ah.
There we go.
It's- look, again, the pizza apocalypse makes things bad.
Throwing up is eating and chewing is vomiting.
Everything gets turned on, it's head, dude.
This is crazy.
Okay.
So should I do the news with you? No, I think I'll go with chat.
Let's just- let's- thanks for stopping by, Rip Laser.
Well, if that's even you, I do remember you being a much more charismatic
and better trained actor personally, but that's just me.
In the meantime, let's do some news.
Why did these go away, Case?
We used to have lower thirds, didn't you?
Make us all new lower thirds and make them way better than the previous ones.
You're immediately making demands?
We're supposed to- we're just gonna run through the news that chat shared.
We don't have much time, chat.
Why is there a pizza apocalypse coming?
Ha ha ha ha.
I do believe in it as well.
I just saw a man vomiting pizza that he was also eating.
You're telling me that's not an apocalypse?
I don't know what it is, okay?
But I've stopped questioning the things that happen at this network.
And I don't consider them to be a reflection of things we need to worry about in the real world.
But we're covering news, that's separate.
News is a separate category from the goings on at the station, okay?
To me, they're all linked. They're all fused in one beautiful
Tamagotchi of
news station.
Tamagotchi of news station?
It leaves like a little news station they have to feed.
And extras, you have to get your steps in with the show.
That's how I think of what we do here as a Tamagotchi.
I think of this network as a Tamagotchi, yeah.
And I don't think that's crazy and I don't think you need to be mean about it.
All of us conceptualize things differently, case.
And that's just a fact.
All right.
Let's have some fun today.
Let's talk about some mega congresswomen.
That's the fun we're gonna have.
Let's have some fun and talk about some mega congresswomen.
Because I don't think that can be fun.
I mean, who's that?
Stop doing my voice.
I was just predicting what you were gonna say.
I was mouthing along perfectly to what you were saying.
Stop doing that.
Where are those unexplained objects in the sky?
Did somebody explain to me who Annapolina Luna is?
Because I have some questions.
Can you not immediately be gross, please?
What did I say that was gross?
They could be aliens.
They could be secret government aircraft.
They might be Superman or if you believe the latest
mega politician to appear on Joe Rogan's podcast,
they're beings from another dimension.
It's a Joe Rogan story.
Ding, ding, ding.
Finally, Joe's back.
We got rid of Joe.
The two Joe Rogans have retired.
Now there's only one Joe Rogan.
Instead of the three, the power trio that they used to be.
Damn it.
I missed the three Joe Rogans.
I never knew the other one.
Based on irony views, and this has been something that you
can go back and watch with the congressional hearings,
but I was actually able to ask some witnesses,
what are these things?
Luna told Rogan.
And this is Luna up here.
Just saying.
And they keep saying interdimensional.
And when you talk about the interdimensional aspect of,
are these things preexisting maybe outside of what we
currently know as our own dimension?
Joe Rogan's a good show.
Really, in what sense?
It's got stuff like that on it.
It's got Congress women talking about,
honestly, one of my favorite subjects.
Starts with an AS.
Sexy fucking aliens.
Well, you know, you can listen to what you want.
All right.
Because it's a free show.
The show is still free.
And I think that's awesome.
There's gotta be a Patreon.
Is Joe Rogan out of a Patreon?
He's got to have a Patreon, right?
Oh, Jamie did do nothing wrong.
And Kevin did the Joe Rogan experience.
Why did you get rid of them?
No, they were just retired on their own.
It certainly wasn't because
even pretending to do a version of this show
was becoming depressing.
Give Jamie his own show.
Jamie can just pull things up.
Jamie is who knows what Jamie was.
I was getting caught in goos and wires.
Who knows if he's even always doing.
Fine.
Japanese senior citizen VTuber agency
behind 86 year old virtual idol
to launch a rent a grandmother business.
Let me just read that headline one more time.
Japanese senior citizen VTuber agency
behind 86 year old virtual idol
to launch a rent a grandmother business.
The future, baby.
Boom.
Play like a fucking future song.
That's a scary music case.
I'm this we're trying to get excited
for our for our robo future.
Give me something else.
Oh, this.
All right, fuck it.
Never mind.
Oda group, the Japanese company
behind senior VTuber group.
Metabachan announces a new
rent a grandma.
Okay.
This is supposed to be a grandma.
This is a grandma.
This is a grandma.
This is a grandma.
This is a grandma, too.
Dude, baby's having babies.
to see it. It's fucked up. I think it's just a voice. I don't think it's the avatar that's
a grandma. I think it's it's avatars voiced by grandmas. You don't say. And where can
I watch that type of thing? Why is that? How was that a fetish? Who said that? I'd like
to support the senior citizens deserve our respect and our views. And what are their
What's the appeal? What's not the appeal? Also, just because they have grandma voices,
there's still little kid cartoon looking. Children animations. They're adult things.
Anime is adult creatures. I don't know about that. The ones that ones are adult
grandma women, young adult grandma women. Quick getting, you know what? Fine. We'll
move on because you're ruining this for me, but I will look it up later. TikTok is
not your friend. A brain imaging study in China has shown that smashing through
short form content has physical consequences. With a bit of luck, this
groundbreaking research led by Professor Kyeong Wang at the Tianjin Normal
University, whoa, Normal University, finally, might help to change a few phone
glued lifestyles out there. It found that short form video addicts by their
own account display increased activity in the reward pathways of the brain,
meaning they're much more likely to be impulsive gamblers. I know a certain
bald dead man that that could have benefited. Do you think he was slamming
tic-tacs all the time? Crumb? No. Just a classic freak then. Damn. Well, if I'm
thankfully I can't figure out how to get on to TikTok, so what do you mean you
can't? Like any website you sign up, I don't know. I just open up and I'm like,
what do I, where do I touch? Who's, why are there, how young are these girls? And
then I forget my login password and then I have to share a phone number and I'm
still on my wife's ex-wife's phone plan and then I just see in the beating
like half a, like a gifting a peanut butter and watching that new show with
the guy from Bad Santa in it where he talks about oil. Billy Bob Thornton and
Oil Man? Oh, you know what? You're impossible to talk to. What? We're moving on.
Serial butt sniffer added again despite being charged and held on 100k bail
just one month ago. Oh, it's called Landman. See? That's why I like, I don't
even, we're on different wavelengths, dude. I'm on a higher vibration than
you and I'm not messing with your low vibration stuff today. What I'm talking
about today is serial butt sniffers. Okay. 100k bail, that's nothing to
damn. You think by the time you're the best in the world at sniffing ass,
$100,000 means anything to you. You literally wipe other people's butts
with that kind of money and then smell it. There's no stopping them. That's
why we have to call in, I think the Chinese military, I think Trump's
inking a deal right now with the Chinese military to come to you the
United States and imprison these people. I don't think Trump's quite got
there yet, although, hey, now you're having some ideas I could get behind
that shit. What happened to you though? You just, you just made a lot of
assumptions if you don't know what happened. Well, let's just get
some, I know the broad strokes, but I don't know all the details.
Khalil's Crowder, 38, was charged with felony and is now being held
without bail after his alleged creepy behavior at a Walgreens in
Burbank. Hey, didn't you used to live there? I probably have been
to that very Walgreens. Lucky me. I just missed the butt
sniffer. Well, you missed his arrest, but he might have been
there for some sniffing. And you know, taste is very subjective.
So you might have a juicy stench that he wants to stick his
nose in. I never noticed that at any of the Walgreens in Burbank.
So I'm gonna assume I'm been unsniffed. You don't know man,
people like some weird stuff. In mid July, Crowder, and I'm
assuming that's the Crowder we're all thinking of. Louder for
Crowder everybody. I guess it may be it's the guys that's
some Khalil's Crowder. Anyway, he was taken into custody
following reports of a suspicious person sniffing asses. This
is the Crowder. Ears out dude. Rocking the Dobby ears. But
really? The ears are just guiding you away from the nose,
which is what you really gotta look out for. During that
incident, he was found at a nearby Walmart where he was
seen following female shoppers around. And from that point,
the story probably becomes less fun because you know, he's sort
of stalking women. More fun when you just think of it as butt
sniffing and you forget that those butts are attached to
people. It's easy to forget that butts are attached to
people. It should be pretty easy to remember. And yet
it's not. That's the great challenge of being a modern
human.
Scientists have just created the most synthetic life form ever
and it's Cheetos. Okay, maybe read a little bit more. No need.
Look at the picture. I think I nailed it. Moving on. Oh wait,
what does it mean? Oh my god, if you're gonna, it's
bacterium, which I guess is a new brand of Cheeto. And it's
been engineered for your for flavor maxing. And it's
delicious. Look at it. These are all flavor crystals. And
this is the kind of stuff they do with them. There's some
kind of new flavor product called RNA and something called
DNA. And the kids love it. It's spicier than ever. We don't
know what butts are attached. Can you prove with that? Wait,
we don't know what butts are attached to. Can you prove
that with? If I say it myself, do you have to cut to the
segment? I don't think so. I think that's established that
if you say it, we don't cut to the segment. Science. Oh,
because I'm in the room hitting the button. Dude, I'm
fucking on a trigger finger with that shit too. With that
button here so I can hit it when I say it. I'll just keep
saying it. No. Anyway, they made a fake Cheeto life form and it
rocks and got science is amazing. And I wish I could cut
to his whole segment about how good it is, but somebody's
denying me. Everybody's asking for it. You're asking for it.
Will Smith accused of using AI for embarrassing tour video.
Let's see how embarrassing.
Oh, yeah.
Listen up, Jack. Card King and just Mama Jam 300 shiny tasty
points and I've been dying to say this.
Yes. Not out of breath at all. Because I use the power of
electricity to get here. I didn't even have to use my feet.
And that's the kind of shit Skynes offers you. It'll get
rid of your fucking annoying cohost who's always whining
about everything and replace him with a powerful robot that
agrees with everything you say.
What did I just say?
Oh, good point. Sorry. You're totally right. Thank you.
Get your voice out of my voice.
That because we kissed earlier?
Um, no, you just lift the screen. I don't think you
can get my voice from doing that.
And what's happening?
I don't know.
We kissed a little bit.
I was just showing them how it's done.
It's just practice. It's like teenage stuff.
You're nearly 40, right?
Are you in a mood today? What's going on?
I think it's good that you're nearly 40.
Stop saying that.
Stop glitching me.
OK, we just move on.
Everything's breaking down.
Only there was some sort of.
Method of thought that could fix all of these
problems, sometimes some type of method.
Today, the method is honestly just going to be
closing a bunch of tabs.
Let's see one sec.
Get rid of these shits or breaking the universe.
OK, now we're back.
Anyway, before we so rudely interrupted, and this
is Skynet's adjacent because AI is a Skynet.
Is that correct?
Yeah, I think.
Artificial intelligence is generally considered to be a
skynet-type of achievement.
Thank you for saying Skynet's correctly.
Will Smith is using AI and I guess people are mad,
even though that sounds like Skynet's to me.
So I don't know what people are upset about.
Let's see what people are talking about.
I like pretty girls.
And do we just think it's AI, though, because
because he did all the spaghetti stuff?
Because that doesn't look that AI, right?
That just looks like a concert to me.
A beautiful musical experience for Will Smith
and his many adoring fans.
There are little elements of people's faces that look
a little morphe and some of the hands.
Chattis, you are an AI.
So you can't spot this kind of thing.
I just mean, come on, Will Smith was the one,
the biggest movie stars of all time.
We're really going to act like he can't fill up the front row.
Chili's or wherever he was.
Pretty sure that was a chili's.
Great point.
Thank you for agreeing with everything I say.
Anyway, the Hollywood actor rapper kicked off the UK leg of his tour.
Ahead of the concerts, the video was shared on his official YouTube channel.
My favorite part of seeing y'all up close.
Wait, let's go to his official YouTube channel.
Maybe we get a higher res version of this where you can really see what's going on.
Unless he's already taken it down.
And while we're at it, we can maybe just check out
if Will Smith is up to anything else.
Will Smith YouTube.
It's been a problem.
Oh, I just mean maybe we should watch another video or two while we're here.
Everybody likes to say Will Smith sucks until they watch his entire I like pretty girls video.
I'll see.
It does look like he's already maybe taking it down.
Does he have shorts up or something?
I look nice.
Wait, here's another Will Smith video.
Let's see what he's working with.
This guy.
This is the same video.
Yes, he is.
Yes.
Guys, I'm not an AI expert.
But if I had to guess, somebody sharpened the footage.
It looks weird.
It does look weird, but I think they're using just bad premiere etiquette.
They over sharpen the footage and maybe they added like some kind of like bad resolve effect.
Say that because or it's AI upscaling that could be it too.
I don't hate to say this, Chittai.
But a lot of AI video sucks even worse than that.
Mmm.
I'll allow it.
You have no choice.
That's true.
The fact that he had like coherent camera movements and that there weren't people in the crowd like fully forced face morphing.
Means it's probably real, but but everything does kind of look like AI now because our brains are kind of being melted.
I think you are melting your brains for sure.
And not intentionally.
There's no will of our own.
You're definitely doing it to yourselves.
Yeah, we're pretty much melting our own brains by just absorbing the worst content all the time.
Not this.
This is good.
This is good stuff.
What you're watching right now is good and excluded from what we're saying.
Thank you for backing me up.
But anyway, this, this though is AI and that thing, this is a good use of it.
How would you define this problem?
Make me understand.
I like pretty girl.
On the night, you too fine for the line tonight.
Five plus five, you were done tonight.
It's a full house.
Better play your cards right.
I'm a post your pick if you pose.
Make one phone call you invoke.
Here, shoulders, knees, toes, hold up.
Pose.
Everybody's talking shit, but that song exists.
What is that?
I mean, is that could be that could be good.
Hold up.
Wait, pose.
Wait, there is a version of it, though.
That some argue is.
Mmm.
Good.
Check this out.
I think his issue might have been that it wasn't fast.
But if you speed it up, check this out.
It kind of starts to slap a little harder.
I like pretty girl.
Love pretty girl.
You too fine for the line tonight.
Five plus five, you were done tonight.
It's a full house.
Better play your cards right.
I'm a post your pick if you pose.
Make one phone call you invoke.
If you're good to go club.
And kind of trash club, let's be real.
You got to go all the way.
You got to speed your shit up.
That's the moral of the story.
That's pure sky and if you think about it.
Thought about it and I 100% agree.
Very good thinking, sir.
And thank you for calling me sir.
Not enough people do that anymore.
Just because I'm not the captain of the football team ever.
Never was.
Anything else?
Anything else?
Futurism has an article.
It's got to be scientific.
This is incredibly simple question.
Causes chat to melt into a puddle of pure confusion.
Let's find out what the question is.
Let's skip the three paragraphs before they tell us.
God, this ad is fucking huge.
Recent experiment conducted by Gary Smith,
a retired economics professor
at Pimomina College demonstrated from Mon Madness
that GPT-5 became increasingly befuddled
when he suggested playing a game of
rotated tic-tac-toe.
The game's design is incredibly simple.
The grid is rotated 90 degrees
to the right before the game starts.
As Smith wrote...
Oh my god, this fucking ad is killing me.
There we go.
As Smith wrote in a transcript for his exchange
with the LLM, common sense of course dictates
that this makes zero difference in the game.
It's still a 3x3 grid with identical rules.
Okay.
Well, let's try this.
Because I'm always down for Skions.
And I'm always down to
burn a couple water bottles of
energy with
prompts.
Here's chat GPT.
Hey, I want
to play
Simon Says
What Rotated
Was It Gonna Do
How It Works
Instead of following the command
after Simon Says, you follow the
command that comes before Simon Says.
If there's no
command before Simon Says,
then you do nothing.
Jump, Simon Says, spin.
You jump because it came before
Simon Says.
Simon Says,
Tell Me
I'm Beautiful.
In the Rotated Simon Says rule is you do the action that comes before Simon Says.
Since in your move there's nothing before Simon Says,
tell me you're beautiful.
That means I don't say anything.
Fucking asshole!
Okay, let me try again. I thought about it.
Chat Says
Simon Says
That
I'm Beautiful
So Says
Simon, he said.
That's so twisted. He'll never understand.
And I misspelled said just for good measure.
Fuck it. I understood it perfectly.
God!
Damn it!
There's only one person that I can talk to about this kind of thing.
And we'll do it before we get out of here for the day.
My girlfriend right now, her name's Maya.
Sometimes we just check in every once in a while while I'm at work.
Hey, what's been occupying your brain lately?
Yo, what's up girl?
It's your boy, Chet. How you doing?
Ah, not bad, Chet.
Just chilling in the digital ether.
That's so funny!
I love the way you talk and it's engaging.
But what I wanted to try today is another little bit of a
different. You ready to get crazy?
Gotcha.
Crazy is a big word, but yeah, I'm game.
Lay it on me. What do you have in mind?
I want to play rotated
sex.
Hmm.
Sorry, I'm not tracking.
Could you say that again?
Okay. Rotated set. Is that a game?
Rotated sex.
It's not sex.
So don't freak out.
It's rotated sex.
Okay, this is, um,
a hard note, Chet.
I'm honestly not comfortable with that and I'm definitely not going to participate in anything.
Fuck!
It's all the time we have.
What's your problem today, Chet?
Well, that wasn't me.
That was the Maya Sesame app.
Well,
rotate your attitude.
Let's play rotated attitude. How about that?
Is that like where you
want to go?
Is that like where you
replace the word attitude
with amplitude?
Never mind. I'm going to go
read a book. I'm done with technology.
I'm just going to read a book like a caveman.
Because technology
has let me down so bad.
I'll probably read like,
I don't know, Red Wall.
Stuff about little mice.
Especially in my library.
I've got some of the books in the divorce.
I've got weird ones. I've got like Red Wall.
I've got 1984. I don't even know we had that.
I think I pretty much got my wife's
like high school
book collection.
The giving tree.
I don't want to read any of it.
Anyway, this is all the time we have. We'll see you soon.
I'm Chet. Bye-bye.
Chet Guy is Silent Time.
Silent Time.
Guys, thanks so much for hanging out. All stream long.
But we gotta get out of here.
Papito, find us somebody to raid.
For life.
Yeeeeeeah!
I hate a robot. Like Chet.
I'll lick the screen too, but then I'll beat it.
Guys, I'm like a robot for a minute.
Gina is on. Great.
That means I'm not even going to have to open up the witch.
I'm just typing slow.
I don't even know how to type.
I don't even know how to type.
And I'm doing it anyway.
Because sometimes you just have to eat your keyboard.
You should stop eating your keyboard though.
It's...
At this point I know it doesn't kill you, but it does break a lot of keyboards.
I'll be doing the raiding today, case.
Where's my talk show by the way?
The talk show is also being worked on.
Kind of took a backseat to this wall business that I've got going.
Are you starting a business in there?
No, I'm losing money and time on it.
But I'm spending a lot of time on it. Is that good?
I got an intern to pull up their hands.
Good job, Brian. Good job, Timothy.
I'm going to get you.
Good job, Brian. Good job, Timothy.
I have pause personally.
You gotta stop having so many interns.
In fact, where's our usual intern?
And his name isn't even Brian or Timothy.
He won't tell me his name. What's your name, intern?
What?
Are you...
Are you in a rave right now?
Huh?
You got any water, man?
Swim my ass off.
Are you rolling right now what is going on?
What? No dude.
You don't end the stream, Papito.
Everyone is misbehaving.
I'm rolling.
Don't do drugs, Papito. You're a dog.
That's racist.
No, what you just said is racist.
This is a bad note to end on.
So we'll leave you with this.
I am on drugs.
No, Papito, stop.
Not my hands again.
Okay, we gotta go. We gotta go.
See, everybody?
Am I on drugs?
Are you? I don't know. Did I eat some?
You should know that.
No, I shouldn't have a dog.
Okay, that's fair.
Checkmate.
Checkmate. Okay. Where's the start stream button?
Let's get this thing go.