I'm Papito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Give me some of that munch, but big guy!
Hello everybody!
How's it going? It is Friday!
Whoa!
It's so live? Whoa, what's going on here?
What the...
That's not good.
What? I'm a little confused.
It's everywhere. What are you?
What's happening?
Is this OAN?
Yes.
Yeah, I think so.
I agreed to the Pentagon's demands over text the other night, but they still haven't texted me back.
So I don't know if they're going to let me...
I don't know if they're going to let me in.
Reality is just tearing a little bit. What can you do?
There's nothing you can do.
Reality will disassemble around you and you must simply accept the sentence of chaos.
That's probably the healthiest attitude, Papito.
Absolutely.
Well, the hype train is... here?
Seemingly?
I can't deny that there's a hype train around here.
I'm so confused what this is.
It kind of looks like the hype train actually. I think maybe I'm getting it.
Maybe slowly but surely I'm realizing what this could be.
Here's why I just turned things off.
It'll fix it.
No? No?
I don't know.
Too many overlays?
Actually, I spent a lot of time over the week condensing the stream down a little bit.
Not getting rid of anything, but I'm changing the way all of these scenes are handled.
Very boring stuff, but it should hypothetically have stopped things from like this from happening.
I mean the camera's on center. I don't know where it is.
Seems to be some kind of artifacting or something.
I don't know. I'll figure it out later.
Till then... oh, it's like over everything.
Fascinating.
What if I turn this off?
Sounds like 50-90 time? Maybe.
Maybe that's exactly what I've been missing.
Hype train, you just restarted your whole song.
I take no responsibility. I'm turning your song off because you restarted it.
You know what's not like yourself hype train?
Hype train, you're not sounding like yourself.
Is that better?
Yeah, that's better. That's what I'm more used to.
Okay. Why'd you turn off my music, you son of a bitch?
It was because it restarted.
Unacceptable. I don't know how many people I have to thank, but...
Get me a...
Get me a 90's type Nickelodeon beat.
Yeah, that's what I...
How do you spell Nickelodeon?
I spell it right.
That's what I'm saying. Do it immediately.
Okay.
Don't you mean Mama Blackwell with that language?
Whoa. What did I do?
Do you have great respect for mothers?
I respect mothers more than anything in the world.
What does that mean?
Well, play me a Nickelodeon type beat and I'll... inform you.
Yeah!
Turn it up!
There we go.
Yeah! You know you wanna hype train coming through on the beat.
I'm about to thank every single self's mama. Here we go.
You're gonna have to thank the moms.
Taking the moms.
Hype train dropping miracle bombs.
She came out of your little womb.
Womb?
Womb?
Womb!
Mama's popping up the wombs.
Hype train rambling on and on and on,
but I'm still gonna thank the subs, mom.
Come on, come on!
Here we fucking go.
Just like your mama baby hype train's gonna raise up this nasty little flow.
Uh oh.
Alright! The mighty Oz dropping five subs just because.
Probably cause they mom to raise them Roz.
Roz?
It means right.
Lazy rhyme, but mama told me that it wasn't a crime.
Okay, we got Apple Temple still never a hassle.
A hundred bits dropping.
It's a mama battle.
All the mamas are battling.
What?
You never even noticed, but every mama in the world
is a member of a mom fight club.
What?
The first rule about mom fight club is
you have to bring both of your little kids
and they have to watch you fight.
And if you lose, you trade the kid to another mom.
Huh?
That's right.
Now not a lot of people know about mom fights,
but that's how it happens when you kids.
They trade you up and then that's how you live.
If a mom loses a fight, then she is the new mom of the kid
that she lost the fight to.
Wait, what?
That's right.
You have to fight the kids too.
It's a battle royal baby.
What the fuck you gonna do?
How does this work?
This is simple parenting 101 case.
There's a mom fight club and if you lose the fight
to the mom and the kids, then the kids are yours.
Anyway, also want to think skimer for the hundred bits
and AVCP for the 29 months as well as metal chaos
for the 32 months.
Is that how your mom raised you, hype train?
I don't have a mom.
I don't have a mom case.
Can't believe you just brought that up.
You were talking about mom so much.
How could I not?
It's messed up, man.
I've never had a mom.
Well, you are a train.
That's so messed up.
You think just because I'm a train, I don't have a mom?
I kind of assumed you were built.
But I could have been built by a mom.
Would that count as being your mom?
Obviously.
I don't even want to talk to you anymore.
That's okay.
I'm fine with that.
Yeah, I bet.
And this is a terrible way to start my day.
In my life.
You've been here so you're cutting this every time.
Every time that I come here, it's me starting my life
because I'm coming back from the dead.
Enough of the music.
He'll need more moms.
You'd be surprised.
There's a lot.
A lot of things getting birthed.
Frankie from Jumpstart Series, now homeless.
Is the request from Gunshade the first.
Gonna level with you.
No idea who that is.
It's a dog.
It's a little dog guy.
Maybe everybody knew this.
That's not it.
Is this a popular guy?
Is this guy one of the popular guys?
I'm willing to believe it.
But I didn't know.
I've never known.
I must be good to see you.
17 minutes ago I was on the toilet crying for 17 minutes.
Wow.
Well, now you're here with us.
Celebrating love and life.
Never heard of it?
I've never heard of this either.
Let's see if there's a theme song.
Gunshade the first always has, you know,
those deep animation cuts.
Jumpstart Kindergarten Inc.
Holy hell.
They do a whole day for race.
I feel like that could get out of hand pretty fast.
Car racing.
I'm not sure that was clear.
I just don't know what Frankie's deal with race is.
It's race day.
It's a day for race.
You're adding the ink.
Frankie's going to join ice.
He already might have.
Well, then he wouldn't be homeless
because he would have gotten that signing bonus.
Oh, that's true.
That's true.
You could have won the $45,000 right away.
I fell asleep too for a second there.
Certain transitions aren't working the way they're supposed to.
But what can you do?
Take Cumbrak, take Crumb back to hell with you.
We aren't that lucky tragically.
Okay.
Well, we're in this screen tearing reality
and there seems to be, why does this cover it up?
So confused.
I know that I'm too easily fascinated by the various tech issues
that this stream has, but I truly don't know where this...
I guess it's just an OBS thing.
Okay, anyway.
It's time to do a little bit of news
so that we can do the other things that we have to do.
Like talk to Frankie from Jumpstart.
It's news time.
Hey, so what happened to the audio there?
You know, you make a couple changes
and suddenly everything breaks.
We could fix it though.
You want me to fix it?
Don't do more stuff.
Just let things be broken case.
At least my song is working and it's beautiful.
Don't do a case.
Don't let them take it from you.
Was that really necessary?
It felt necessary to me to prove that we can have sound.
Are we at least...
Is your screen reality bending go...
It's not, it's still over there.
What is wrong with your camera, man?
Well, technically we're on the same shots in the wide, so...
To answer your question, I don't know.
It's only for case.
Yeah, it seems to be my special...
little treat over here.
You know, okay, here.
Just out of curiosity, because I can't...
Mainly this is a text stream.
It's a text stream made at mass grading
as a different type of stream.
Let me see if I can fix this
by activating and deactivating certain things.
I might disappear for just a second,
I can shut up, but don't panic.
I will...
I'm not gonna do your voice, actually.
I was considering doing your voice to taunt you,
but it's not working right now.
Okay, alright.
Just a second, everyone.
It did it!
Wow, you're back to basically the exact same
minus one line.
Well, the line might reappear.
Who knows? Where did you go for a second?
I used... It's back! No, it's back!
Oh, this fucking program.
What program?
We've got a whole studio here.
You can't handle getting artifacting off your one camera.
Apparently I can't.
It's just stuck in there.
I don't know why.
Anyway, there's nothing we can do, chat.
We just have to accept our failures, I guess.
Well, speaking of...
There's been a little bit of troubling news
for fans of young politics.
Oh, I'm a huge young politics guy.
Maybe more specifically,
young Republicans.
You know, I heard about this, chat.
But I haven't read what they said.
And...
I know my boy JD Vent said it was no big deal.
Everybody chill.
In fact, let's hear him talk about how it's no big deal.
On whatever this is.
Come on.
Oh, God, it's local news.
Let's hear this local news person
explain the situation to us.
Let's take it all the way to the end.
Let's take it all the way down
to W-R-A-L.
I don't even know if this is local news,
but I'm going to assume that it is.
Members of both parties
are condemning leaked messages
reportedly exchanged among a group of young Republicans.
The text changed include messages praising Hitler
and making jokes about slavery and rape.
The local chapter of the young Republicans
issued a statement which reads in part
the NC Federation of Young Republicans
wholeheartedly condemns all forms of racism
anti-Semitism and hate.
Our movement must be built on integrity,
accountability and respect for all.
NBC's Hallie Jackson reports
Vice President JD Vance is brushing off
the text messages.
New fallout from a racist and violent group chat
involving leaders of some young Republican groups
as reported by Politico.
The outlet, obtaining more than seven months' worth
of telegram messages
in which they say members muse about using
gas chambers against political leaders
and the media.
They're saying gas chambers against political opponents.
I'm ready to watch people burn now,
one person responds.
Another describing rape as epic.
The chat includes anti-Semitic comments
and racial slurs
against Black, Latino, Asian people
and other epithets used more than
250 times according to Politico.
The outlet says one person
after being told backers would support the most
right-wing candidate for a leadership role
responded, great, I love Hitler.
At another point
someone writes, if we ever had a leak of this chat
we would be cooked.
NBC News has not independently obtained
or verified the messages
which were this and Vermont
including a state senator there.
It's revolting, it's disgusting, it's an
I wasn't going to make that joke.
That's fair chat.
Now at least three people involved in the chat
are reportedly out of a job.
The Kansas young Republicans deactivated
and many condemning the hateful rhetoric.
Disgusting if they have government jobs
they should be fired, it's reprehensible.
Vice President JD Vance, today
downplaying the messages.
I really don't want us to grow up in a country
where a kid telling a stupid joke
telling a very offensive stupid joke
is cause to ruin their lives.
We're not canceling kids
because they do something stupid in a group chat.
In an earlier post Vance says he refuses to
in his words join the pearl clutching
saying what's far worse are the violent
text messages that have upended Virginia politics.
Vance says he refuses to
I am deeply, deeply sorry.
I should have never done it.
I also shouldn't have said that to be fair.
When did you say that?
Oh, I thought my tech sleek.
Whoops.
That's
that's pretty well.
I honestly haven't looked at these.
I think I should have said that.
I think I should have said that.
I think I should have said that.
I think I should have said that.
I think I should have said that.
Pretty well. I honestly haven't looked at these.
I suspect the news
if I'm at all familiar with
online young conservatives
although young might be stretching it I'm guessing.
I'm guessing they might have said just
worse stuff worse stuff than what they
brushed over there.
I can't wait to turn 36 next month
and still get your kids meal.
Well, look at these young boys.
Look at all these young men.
They're just men.
What is the thing that cartoon
Puppet dog says, we're normal men. Yeah, these are just normal men. Look at these young boys and one girl
just uh
Fresh out of high school
If you count things staying fresh for 10 to 20 years
And you know, they're just they're young they're making mistakes like Dave Chappelle famously said we should all be free
To say really offensive stuff
That was one of his better lines from that special
Look at Peter
Gianta saying great. I love Hitler
Everyone that votes that votes no is going to the gas chamber
That's what this young as you can see how young he is
Joe uh
Maligno can we fix the showers gas chambers don't fit the Hitler aesthetic Wow
Alex Dwyer with one four eight eight shorthand for hail Hitler. Is that a thing? Oh
Is there's always people freaking out about numbers like numerology and hidden Hitler
support I guess that's that one I
Actually don't know that makes me feel kind of good drums too busy burning the Epstein files. Okay. Well that one
Does that really need to be on this list of just open anti-Semitism?
Okay, here's William Hendricks just dropping some n-bombs and
Doing some classic watermelon and Kool-Aid references
But you know he's probably only 26 or 27
These ones are unattributed. These are just generally to the young Republicans and just F slurs and slurs and various watermelon
That doesn't kind of just a joke right? We can't just say everything's a joke. Yeah, I don't think just making
Just saying black people eat watermelon counts as a joke. I'm pretty sure that's
Just racist. I think people might be confusing just saying a racist thing with a joke. I
Did go to the mothership a couple weeks ago and
Everyone was laughing when they just said racist stuff. I think maybe comedic chase is has changed over the last couple years
That's true. They really perfected the art of just
Saying a racist thing and getting a laugh over there. So maybe I'm just behind the times
What are the?
Okay, yeah, this is always I mean not what you would expect. I mean this is all
What you would expect an extremely race racist and bigoted person to say
Yeah, I guess I don't really want to go digging for the worst of it. I
Had heard that someone said sex is gay
which
I'm just curious what texts led up to that
Cuz you know, I think a lot of good sex is gay actually maybe that's what they meant
Maybe they were being really forward thinking
poetry in motion
It's like if races are smiling it's a joke, but that's just happy races
You know, I remember a while ago when JD Vance was running for
VP we were looking up some of his old clips and there was that really long one of him just describing himself as the
consummate troll
And I really think like
That's his that's his excuse for everything is like it's the Lolles man
It's like he really is just fortune. He's like a ten-year-old version of these like 4chan brain
Well, I don't even know what they're on now whatever internet melting of is happening to these like
Ten years younger than JD Vance Republicans
Well, actually know a lot of these guys are just his age
These guys just look like they're in their 30s in Florida like 20s maybe
Probably 30s
Like they look they look fucking old
They shouldn't look the same age as me. I shouldn't look younger than like
Then this guy if they're gonna be young Republicans
If you're blowing up your own age right now, I'm just saying I think I I don't think I could call myself like a young
leftist anymore
Well, it's a young movement. It's it's really not edge lords run our country. Yeah, these are all
like AIDS essentially to various
conservative
politicians that have
actual power and
You know one of the most high-profile conservative politicians is
Just running defense for them with the classic like what you can't take a joke
What was that?
Hey
Hey guys
Applause applause break
Hey, I think it's JD case
Maybe if we don't acknowledge him, he'll he'll go away. Nope
I'll wait
How many of the Republicans own a shitty katana and fedora if you replace shitty with epic
Probably about 80%
They're saying get the fuck out. I didn't ask you to be here JD Vance. Well, I just was in the neighborhood and actually I'm
Here as a joke
Me being here is actually a joke on you
How many of the Republicans own a shitty katana fedora is the question 369
666
99 and a bitch ain't one and all of them. I wish I could get a katana and fedora for all of my young boys
That are just in the trenches doing the work. There's actually some pretty serious stuff going on in this country
You might have heard you
You mean like the the do you want to talk about you blowing up boats instead?
Yeah, would you rather talk about like the
constant bombing of
Venezuelan ships
Let's actually focus on what what really matters right now, which is protecting the youth and and that was off by the way
It was 80%
If you if children don't have the permission to speak recklessly
And if we don't allow 30 year old men that still are heavily affiliated with college social groups
To be young at heart then what are we even doing in this country anymore? I thought we were a country that actually
Liked going to keggers when we're 38. I've never heard
That is like a national value. It used to be
Back in the 80s when movies were fun
You know that everyone playing like a 20 year old was 46 in a movie and that was aspirational
It was like I could go back to college. I
Could have sex
What the aspirations is I could have sex
91 just mama jam 300 shiny tasty coins and I've been dying to say this up. Hold me
How you doing smoking joy here? Oh really look who crawled out of the rock. He was
Wearing diapers under I am kidding. I am kidding, but also it's not the best burn JD
You know because he's incontinent
Should I've called him Mexican? No, how would that be a burn? I have to explain that nobody gets comedy anymore
Case chat is not coming in. It's just you all the time
What?
Chat, what did you do to the audio? I don't think I did anything
Okay, is it me in my back? Yeah, and we've been putting chat through it for a while things really broke around here
Okay, I should have returned now
Can they hear me at least yeah, unfortunately we can hear you JD
We can hear you
way too clearly
Well look I mean all I did all I came here to say was um Hitler
South Park proved that
you can make a joke about something right away and
And it's been like a long time since Hitler was a guy
So he's open to make jokes about no just saying you like him isn't a joke JD
I've got a call. I have to go make some text really quick. Can you play some music or something?
Keep the camera on me because there's more I need to say there's a lot more
I need to say play some music play some relaxing music. I'll be right back
Anyway, okay, so I brought your girlfriend here
Yeah, that's right. She's on JD Vance's side now. Isn't that right Kendall?
What? Yeah, it's me JD. Oh
What?
Where's she going? She's on my side JD Kendall you can come back. Thank you
What about that JD? Huh? Huh? Oh
She just slid in she was fucking with you the whole time what?
And you gotta admit I look pretty good with these baby blues
It's me JD. I can tell
Can't you tell I
Look like myself
You I like having dark eyes JD
Like cuz I can see through you. Oh that sucks ass case even you know that sucks. Yeah, that does kind of suck
Wait win her over with that racist text. Okay wait Kendall, let me ask you you come over here
Okay, let me tell you a joke
Hitler
That was it. That was the joke
Actually didn't mean a laughter to make you feel like a competent man who can tell jokes. Oh, that was just like bewildered by like
Well, but I gotta laugh
No, no, no, no your joke didn't get the laugh
I laughed at how absurd the joke is thinking it wasn't a joke, but it actually is I
Thinking you can
All I'm hearing is that I pretty much killed guys come on you heard it
Oh
Half a moon man
Yes, I think I have a new meter for you. What's the new meter?
I forgot I didn't see who it was. It was really funny. What ass boo it just does fuck you
Right now it farts when it maxes out, but we could go we could just make a fuck you meter too. Also
We can add some fuck you functionality to this after boo's
That's true, that's true
You have to reach what you and then a whole other than a whole other meter appears a second meter slides in
I
Have to make sound effects for it too buy a huge fan for maximum boo scenery. Okay, hear me out
down effects
Everyone submits a voice clip
I was considering letting people submit clips of them booing in a separate way and heckling
But I might have to say that for whenever we finally launched this Pappito talk show
Which I'll do eventually I don't understand what's happening
I'm very confused. Bye Kendall. The eyes aren't as blue as usual
What the fuck?
Hey
JD do you even have blue eyes? Have you been lying this whole time?
Maybe um, I don't know
Let me oh, let me you know, I think I see what happened. I think I see what happened
What are you talking about shut could trying to help JD Vance?
How about now?
Did I get relit better now you have a weird mustache thing going on? What do you mean?
There's something on my face. Yeah, you're mustaches like falling apart get it together JD. It's your cameras, dude
They suck
Did you were you doing like?
Re-eating like a pastry no
He that I'd say that was drugs. It looks more like you got sugar all over your mustache
Yeah, I was eating a sugary donut. I wasn't like going down. I wasn't like
What is the look like I was eating a dude's ass? That's also a joke. That's something I would never do
It does look a little like that like
Hard King says getting like an eczema-ridden ass
That's a joke
That's funny because I wouldn't do that
You seem to be getting
Hothered by it because it's funny
That you're
Wrong
And I wouldn't
You shouldn't be able to say stuff like that man
You can't just say stuff like that and you just said it was a joke
That's not it not when you say it you don't have the right to say that because you don't even eat out old guys asses
That's my word. What word?
Series of words
Get off me
Stuck it's fucking stuck
God
You're reaching under your are you reaching under your mustache like that? Are you do you have a fake beard?
No, my beard is very real and she's um and I
You're trying to make more jokes. Yes. All right JD. I can't talk to you anymore
You're out of here. I was gonna leave anyway
Because I'm because I have more jokes to make to people that get them
Then have at it man. I will you're infringing on Gina's mo Gina's ass eaters
Well, we got rid of IP law so that
Opening I can make videos of Pikachu fucking Sam Maltman
Well, sorry, we're about to do that. Okay, so wait, what's racism now? All of it was oh, okay
That's what I figured great. All right. We're back on the same page
You missed that sort of it. Well, they haven't unlocked the um erotic
They haven't taken the uh anti erotic filters off yet, but they promise that they will so
We'll be in good shape soon
Okay, we got some comments
Vance also said Trump was like Hitler. Yeah, but that was as I'm saying a joke. Trump. We're done talking to you JD
But it was a joke
Obviously when I said that you meant it you said it a lot back in the day
And I was funny then like I am now
A joke JD Vance is the vice president rimshot
Well, you had to say rimshot and that's not funny the rimshot is funny. I think it's funny to say rimshot JD
That's because you don't get comedy
Chet is really into race science way more than Frankie
Is that true chat? I mean I like the science of race
ing
Why are you looking around so much? I'm not on JD side for the record
Yes, we've hung out. Yeah, we have hung out, but I'm not on his side
Chet is racist confirmed. I mean I'm a racer
Of sky and I've raced to the answers of skyance
I can't even read those old books where they like measure skulls or whatever because
The writing is all like little and fancy looking
And also I don't really read books. I'm more of a visual sky answer. Okay
He isn't racist, but is a racist
I think we're being honest. That's true for all of us
Um, I don't know if I want to agree to that particular sentence chat. Can we focus on being mad at JD Vance?
No, no, we're mad at chat chat get out of my country. What?
Dude, I mean, I'm pretty sure I'm pretty much supposed to be your base
You're gonna say that to me. Um, I'm doing another joke
How do you vote? I don't I vote down the middle actually
I didn't vote quite in the last election because I thought November was I got November in July confused
But I'm planning to catch up to the I'm gonna re-vote for the previous election in the next one
Okay, this is definitely one of my voters and I was kidding. Okay, cool
Was JD eating out powdered donuts?
That's a good see that's a good one
No, this I don't
I honestly don't know what I don't know what's happening here. I don't know why I can read
Uh-oh somehow a Hitler mustache is growing in your normal beard. Um
Uh-oh
Oh, no, how did you get him? How do you have a Hitler's a mustache end a beard at the same time?
Um
Uh-oh, I think I got bit by a Hitler youth. What you've been werewolf by a Hitler youth
Oh god, this happens a lot in republican circles
One of these little fuckers bites your ankle and and then you start transforming into Hitler at midnight
All right, JD, you gotta get the fuck out of here before you turn into Hitler on my stream
Oh, it's already happening. Oh my arm. Oh case. You're gonna want to cut away. I'm gonna cut away from that
JD is we're getting rid of JD for the day
Jesus, Pepito get it together
Hey, that wasn't my fault
Oh, you're wearing a nice purple coat. Yeah, sometimes I like to change to match the gas
Okay
I thought we could also talk about
Trump basically getting caught just bombing a bunch of non drug dealers on a boat
Essentially, Trump bombed another um boat in international waters and it turns out a couple people survived and they seem to be panicking a little bit. Um
Because it might be extremely easy for these people to now prove that they weren't running drugs
Not that I think the Trump administration will care, but you know, maybe we'll save that because we spent quite a while talking to JD
So maybe we just move on for now
JD did JD just pop up again
JD was trying to push push his way back on the set. I just had to haul him off. Okay, great
His eyes were darkening already as he hitler if I
The werewolf part is unnecessary
I don't know what a Hitler werewolf situation is called a were Hitler
a hit wolf
where nazi
It's probably not actually worth thinking about this too much
Hmm
You've got your boo track in ravies. It's kevin booing relentlessly from sora
That's what we need on the stream is more ai
Hit wolf is too good of a name for the condition
wolfler
wereler
Weredolph
No, these are we're getting further from it
Character named hit wolf
Now we might have to save that for the private text messages guys
Wolfenstein already exists. Yeah, but I don't want to turn that into a hit
I don't want to turn wolf inside. That's some kind of hitler thing
Wearyon. Oh, no, wearyon is pretty good
Wolf and hason
Where roce is also pretty fun a doff wolf
Okay, you know what do we do have ways to solve this?
uh
What is a hitler werewolf?
I don't even spell werewolf god
Can I've forgotten how to
Do anything
What is a hitler werewolf situation called?
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm
There we go. Now we can now we can settle this once and for all
What is a hitler werewolf situation called and again the idea here is you've been bit by
um
A little nazi monster and it's turning you into a hitler every full moon
A volkswagen
That is pretty good. See those count as jokes jd. Don't cut to him. He is essentially gone full
He's fully there now. Can we get him out of here, papito?
Can we get him out of the building?
A genital slit of course on there volkswagen kill each other cast him and nine
hmm
Some options here for sure. I do think volkswagen is pretty funny
Just no attempt at anywhere. We'll fordplay. I think it's the most accurate
exclamation point boo
Cassum is running away with it
We always knew he would
Chat you can't say that kind of thing
Okay, we got some other segments to get to today
So we will leave it there
um, we didn't really get to that much news because
JD vance showed up and started turning into it into a hitler
A hitler wolf whatever work a volkswagen before our very eyes. I cast him
He started cast himing out. We can't use that. I don't think we're allowed to use that
So let's move on for now
We'll check out all the news chat shared after we get through whatever this debate is
Fuck JD vance
Yes, very much so but for now for now, I will be doing the outros and we I don't know what lessons we learned
but
stop
Comedy is subjective. No, that's not the what the fuck
Oh, no, we've disappeared. Ah, oh, we're back
Hey, my thing is gone
What is going on today? I don't know but the stream is struggling a little bit
Let's not worry about it. Let's send it to a munch and crumb for a debate and then we'll figure out what else we're doing today
It's debate time
Hot Tarts or toaster strudel
Is the very prescient debate of the day
Sort of a hitler heavy top of the stream. I'm sure that made you comfortable given how you look crumb
Oh, really a skinhead joke after all these years bunch. That's still where you're at
Yeah, I'm proudly bald and I'm also proudly woke
Maybe if skinheads are woke now. I'm one
That doesn't don't say stuff like that's not helping you in either direction
Yeah, maybe if it may be if skinhead maybe being woke makes you
Okay, I see how maybe I'm not gonna go this direction
Yeah, why is your jacket purple? Oh, what the fuck?
Somebody oh god, he doesn't feel right at all. No, it doesn't make a stop. Um
Cut away from me. Oh, he's gonna change. All right
All right, I think I can fix it actually how about that that did we get there with that?
No, you're wearing yellow
Um
I think I can fix it actually how about that that did we get there with that?
No, you're wearing yellow
Um
Um
Can you just put on the right jacket you son of a bitch? Okay, let me see if I can get this thing done. Um
Oh my god, there's nothing fucking works today. This is ridiculous. Okay, I'm gonna try one other thing to fix this
All right, this should do it this should do it
All right, did you did you finally change you son of a bitch? Yes. Okay, Jesus
I don't even know who won the prediction because you've been so distracting with your weird statements about skinheads and your improperly colored coats
I don't think there's an improper color actually
Back at it. Oh
We're debating pop tarts or toaster strudel. We need to just can we get out of race day?
I feel like everything's become race day today. No, it's about that's that's a separate
That's a cartoon character racing cars. We're moving on from race to pop tarts and toaster strudel
Come get the piss jacket. You know, maybe yellow was appropriate for you. You know, you know, he'd like it too much
I don't like piss contrary to everyone else on this stream constantly rapping and singing about piss
The only thing on your mind is the piss leaking out of your penis and brain. Okay, you got a piss brain
Well, now who's piss obsessed talking about piss brains
I'm not trying to okay. I'm on the side of um of pop tarts. Okay
Who said you get to pick first? I
How about we actually say this whoever's ahead?
in
the plane count
Which is me for the record gets to pick the side of the debate first
Well, you just decided that randomly I did and I'm on the side of pop tarts the american
Are they american? I don't know I didn't watch the um
I didn't watch that jerry sinefield movie
I don't know anything about pop tarts. I don't know the deep lore
But I think they're american as hell. It sounds american. It's got pop in it
It's got a word that kind of sounds like fart and it comes in way more flavor strudel is honestly
Well, look, I'll be I'll be real
I was sort of hedging because I feel like people are after all of this hitler talk today people are going to take strudel as a
German thing
Oh, you just admit that you're a coward, but don't think of it that way
it's a
strudel is a wider variety
Of I know that this might be referring to a specific brand
But strudel is a wider variety of pastry and I do think it's actually superior in it
And it's more likely to be homemade when it's strudel. So I don't even mind
Taking that side
Okay
And frankly we need to lose the genophobia here
That country has apologized. Well, that's your angle. Look, they've apologized
So we can move on from that right now
All right. Look if we have a model that can make that debate. I'm of course on the side of American made pop tarts
and this
Foreign asset over here. What this German spy
World War two ended over
You know 70 plus years ago
I think we can move on from from from the xenophobia towards Germans. Can we?
Can we give in the way that certain people in this country are texting lately?
Well, when you're ready to leak your text much I barely text
I'm too busy screaming at people in person like an American is meant to just like we're meant to eat
delicious
Multi-flavored pop tarts coming in every flavor imaginal
s'mores
various fruits
cinnamon if you're insane
And those are really the only acceptable options, but you can get fucking weirder ones if you're insane
You can probably get like a bubblegum flavored pop tart. You can get like a
A smacks flavored pop tart smacks the syrup. Why would you get a smacks cereal flavored pop tart? I'm just saying you could
Don't deny that there's pop tarts and infinite numbers of flavors
You could have um, you could have tricks. Why would you be getting cereal flavored pop tarts?
I guarantee you this shit exists because sometimes you don't want to get milk out
You just want to throw some shit in the to in the toaster and then eat a pop tart with like a warm glass of water
What that's show depression. Oh, don't act like you've never done that because you were too lazy to pour milk
It takes more effort to toast the pop tart. Look my point is
Toaster strudel as a brand is fine, but my argument is really more so just on the word strudel
I think strudel is superior to a pop tart. I think a strudel is more of a homemade
uh fully adjustable
pastry
and I and I do think um
You know the more unique and local flavors of pastry are far superior to anything that you could pump out
industrially like frankly just a disgusting corn syrup flavored brick of toastable
um, you know
Gluten which is what a pop tart is they even make gluten-free pop tarts. I suspect
Toaster strudel comes with a little crumb cump up just a drizzle on it. You should love that
I do and I did and I
Toast my iced strudel
Yes
Oh
I freaking knew it
I never doubted it for a second. You tried to pick the other option first thing
Tip of the cap stop tipping your invisible hair
I'm on a different wavelength now everybody can tell I'm a different guy
I'm fucking rock now. What look I'll admit sometimes that could be annoying in the past
But I fuck now. Oh my god. What is with you late? Well, I know what's with you
You just admit that you were in health for a while and it's fucked with your mind
And somehow made you worse. I'll admit that I like I just have a vibe now that people can't resist
I could pick fucking I could pick a pimple on an ass as the side of a debate and people would mojie up to that
Ashton kiss the pimple. That's the kind of wavelength. I'm on lately. I'm just feeling strong
You just went high pits there
I'm seeing the waveform one of the techs said they'd love to see crumb in a toaster
I knew because I sent it
Damn, even the young republicans are popping up in chat to leak even more of the fucked up things they said about you
But in this case everyone agrees
You're crumb believable. Oh no, you can't handle my vibe. You can't handle my shine
Maybe you should try to dirty up my car then because it's looking clean
I
Don't maybe that dance this is a dance, right? Like your driver or something
Hello
This is just unacceptable. This is unacceptable. What's happening here?
How do you why do you keep giving a win? I mean it doesn't again. I'm so far ahead
It just does not matter what you do
But this is just fundamentally
Unacceptable crumb. Hmm. I'll tell you what I'm accepting. No bullshit except my own
I kind of like my own bullshit smash
Hmm smells like some tasty crumb shit. That could be my new thing crumb shit
We got to just go this segment needs to just get shorter and shorter
We were arguing there's no way around that until you whatever's coming out of you just finally fully emerges
We need to abandon this segment. What do you mean?
That's what I mean
What
Is mind control
A hellpower who's being rised over by crumb to vote for him. Yeah, what are you doing to our poor chat the wolves in chat?
They're not hell creatures. They don't have hell defenses. They're they're beautiful angels whose minds are pure as the driven snow
And you're using your evil hell powers to reach into their unformed thoughts and bend them to your will
I am not doing that. That is more
Dream that I do
This is not good
Sorry, what even hell crumb says stuff like my penis hurts. I don't know what you're talking about
My penis feels just it feels okay. It stings a little
The pants I wore today are um
They're like uh
very woolly
And I know that that doesn't agree with my thighs and taint
But sometimes I just like a good wool pant anyway because I like the style. Oh the shit crumb stop
What I just am saying I like a real thick woolly pant
But it does inflame my inner thighs taint balls and penis
Just stop forever
Just being honest just kind of shooting this shit with my pals
I thought we liked to joke in the chat. You know what your side's all about
That is the way your voice is going also
I feel like you're appropriating something which doesn't bother me, but it should bother you
All right. Look, that's all the time we have for the day never return you are
I'm not sound like rob alevi, but you should be banned. Okay. Bye. Bye. It's so wild and free
Okay, I supposed to talk to um
A dog of some sort
But not papito
To be clear
confirming
I'll see I have to make a song can we get rob alevi versus robby love this track skates first coasters
But that's gotta happen at some point
also
Frankie from jump start
series
Who is now homeless
Have fun with that. I don't know
I don't know who that is
I've looked it up and I feel like I've already forgotten
What's Frankie's deal McGrath the crime dog kind of
I'm just gonna search Frankie jump start so we can find another
So we can see him in action. What does this little guy even do?
Good afternoon
Hi, I'm Frankie. Okay
I'm the jump start mascot. You can always count on me. I really know the ropes
Just click on me for help
There's a lot to do in the classroom. Just click on anything that you see
Frankie jump start this thing is back again
Uh Frankie jump start sounds like one of biden or sammy elbows friends from the old back a little bit. Yeah
Okay, sad to hear that he's become unhoused I guess
Whatever this
Dude's deal is real question is can we get a hold of him on short notice?
Um, we're gonna say we did we're gonna say that this counts
And we're gonna say uh, thanks for being here a Frankie
Hey
Whoa
Yeah, I've been doing better
We heard that you unfortunately your housing situation isn't terribly clear
Well, I have a house but my
Fucking life
Is there
ex-wife
You stop doing that with your tongue. I'm a dog
So that just happens
So you're not actually unhoused you're just in a housing dispute with your ex
Sort of um, I mean it's her house
and
You know like uh
Well, I call her my wife. It's more so my owner
Yeah, that's pretty weird. Well
I kind of feel like we were an old married couple
Wait you your owner got rid of you. Well, you know, I was
I was fucking up a little bit. I got really into
Trying to teach kids about fire safety somebody brought up my gruff
Trying to sort of move in on smoky's territory. It's planning on becoming Frankie the crime the arson
I was working out of I was considering maybe being like Frankie the arson mutt
Because jumpstart just it's not quite what it used to be
So I thought I could get into that
arson education lane
I started burning a lot of stuff and
I didn't like the fire. I like the sense of power
And I covered my owner in third degree burns by burning down her bedroom. Jesus Frankie and I laughed the whole time
That was in a dark place because I was also trying to do a bunch of drugs to teach kids about drugs
No, that you don't just teach kids about drugs by doing crimes
Well, how am I going to speak accurately about crimes if I haven't done them?
Because smoky never burned down a forest. So what the fuck does he know?
Not to do that
Oh, yeah, Frankie we're trying to avoid that type of talk propaganda. So we're trying to move on from that. Well, that's that's fucked up
That's not I'm a dog. It's fine
Fucking fine. Everybody chill out
Can't say shit anymore
I also tried to become McGruff the
Um anti-woke dog for a while. Oh god. Well, that was it was like three years ago when that shit was hot
They had a podcast going
I had all sorts of people on
had like uh
I had the guy who lives in trash. Um
The Sesame Street guy who lives in trash. Yeah, he's got a podcast too
I'm on and
We got canceled because well the stuff you're reading earlier from those texts. Let's just say
That was kind of tame comedy compared to what me and yeah, oscar were throwing down
We were just calling it two months in the trash
It's a terrible title. He's not even a dog. Well, yeah, but the idea is we were both mixed rate. Nope. Nope. Nope
Okay, well, you know, I'm good. You know today, maybe we just don't need to hear from anymore racist
violent characters
Um, I thought this was america, baby. Uh, okay
Still working on maybe trying to get back onto the comedy scene
He got any connects. No, I you know what?
I've burned all those bridges by doing the stream really probably not but
But I'm just gonna say no. Oh
Just fucked up, man. I'm asking I'm basically begging
Do you want me to beg?
No, I mean, I'm a dog. Do you want me to beg?
Do you want to beg a little bit? It's kind of one of the things I like to do, please
please
Give me a little connect
Give me a recommendation
Maybe come make me make a few calls. See you get me on a podcast Frankie. No
Call my wife and tell her that and pretend to be a hitman
and say
That you'll cancel the hit if she leaves the house. No, Frankie. I'm not doing any of this. Just we're done
Yeah, bad dog ish creature
Yeah, I played a dog on these cartoons. It doesn't mean I'm all dog. I'm a little big guy
You think a full dog could talk?
You know, I have a full dog that can talk. Okay. So yes
We got off on the wrong foot. Um
I'm gonna do some ketamine and
I don't know go to a
A sizzler. No
And they usually works. I'm not giving you the sad music
Okay, well, I'll just be at a sizzler alone then with no ketamine because you didn't buy any
I guess that's how we're leaving it. I guess so man. All right
Pepito
Oh my god, you look like Frankie there for a second. No
Don't worry. It's me
Okay, great
Let's just not talk to Frankie again
He wasn't even really that homeless. No. No. He was mostly just a bad guy
But maybe he's broke. Yeah, he did seem pretty broke too. So
Maybe it'll be more legit in it soon. Let's just not think about it too much
Well, we never did in the first place. So that's fine
Okay
Uh, you know, let's do one more round of news and then we'll make a song and then we'll get out
Of here. It's Friday. We don't want to spend all day doing this stuff. It's slightly more news time
Yep, that's right
It's your most standard news guy
The measuring stick the the litmus the whatever the bar for news guy. That's you. That's me
And I know we got to get through this because you need to
yell about
Banning people or you probably want to talk about race some more. We didn't really talk about race
We just talked about people saying racist things
All right
Well, anyway, we're gonna get through the news that chat has shared
Hopefully can get you out of this weird mood that you're in. I'm in a normal enough mood
This is how the stream pretty much always goes. Hmm
That is true. Okay. Let's see what kind of stuff you guys have been throwing in to the news shoot
That's right everyone
Where's the headlines? Damn it
Where's the headlines?
It's time for all the news
Duh, duh, duh, duh
Uh, it won't work case
Everything here is broken. Yeah, we accidentally broke like
Kind of everything on the stream
By adjusting one thing
Hmm
Sounds about right
Okay, where's the news give me some random music while I look that now give me give me that there. There we go
Okay
Do do do do do do do do do do
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes
All right
We're back at it not with those fellas
ah
All right, there we go
Trump commutes former repr- repr- Republican George Santos's prison sentence. Oh what?
Okay, I
Okay, that's the thing I guess he's gonna do it's a thing. He's done
President Donald Trump said Friday that he had signed a commutation that would immediately release former George Santos
A republican of new york from prison
George has been in solitary confinement for long stretches of time and by all accounts has been horribly mistreated. Oh man
They immediately put him in solitary
It does sound like you might spend a couple minutes with that guy and be like let's isolate him, but
Wow, how long did he even serve? Well, uh
In april santos was sentenced to more than seven years in prison and he made it through
Nearly half of a year of those seven years
Jesus
He's committing open and illegal fraud for
Years
And he could not make it the seven years in prison
Meanwhile, we've just locked up
people for
Being on the street and being of you know a dark a dark skin color
darker skin color that's
That's what's going on. That's the thing that is going on. Yes
And I won't judge it because I'm just reading you could judge it a little bit Jeff
Tough on crime by letting everyone go. Well, it just depends. Have you committed a high profile?
Series of financial crimes while being a completely fraudulent and
Openly corrupt politician then you only have to spend roughly no time in jail
Well onto the better news a test tension. Okay. I misspoke
Uh continuing with bad news uh as tensions rise in chicago volunteers patrol neighborhoods to oppose ice and help migrants escape
Okay, we got back
to a positive end
To the to the bed a positive response to the bad news
crime is only fine if you're a republican
um
I think some republicans might be getting swept up in this as well
But I think if you're a famous republican, then yeah, you can get away with it
Hanover park nearly a dozen kids come around the block some running and others riding their bikes
They're heading straight to the gap between the grocery store and the old apartment building the same area where the immigration and customs enforcement
Vans offspring park. Well, we get it. There's people
In communities organizing around
Following ice around I think is the general idea
Uh, yeah, I'm glad to hear that that's happening
Um, I know that it's been difficult to
in all cases um
Too much when like seven guys with machine guns pop out of an SUV and just haul someone off
But I'm glad everyone's documenting this and in some cases they're just scaring ice away because they're a bunch of fucking cowards
Anyway, so glad that that is happening
Okay, let's pop open a couple more of these
Uh
Reminder it's not illegal. Yeah, I mean it's not illegal to follow them around
You can absolutely follow them if you get physical with them I then they
I mean they'll do stuff anyway, but I guess at that point they might claim they have legal recourse
But there have been instances of people like effectively essentially body blocking ice just like surrounding people and often they're
Arresting people with no warrant and they're all masked. So in some cases I feel like you're within your legal rights to physically resist them, but
Uh, I can't recommend doing that as I there probably will be real consequences
anyway
continuing on
Uh open ai blocks mlk junior videos on sore after disrespectful depictions
Which we're gonna watch now, you know, let's not watch them actually
But they're out there you can
Download the sore app
The hottest app on the app store
I'm glad I'm glad that I guess they blocked that one use of it
That was one of the more obvious uses of making fucked up historic videos of historical figures saying insane things, but
There's gonna be ways around it for sure you could just
also just depict like
You know black leaders saying crazy things
And it will probably pull references of of martin luther king anyway
KP had a dream to vape I assume again the only ethical use of sore is to make kevin vape
You guys nailed it right away
And that's the only one we can support here anymore that and of course old guys that turn into beans
Those are the only I misspoke. There's two ethical uses
And and we've got both on lock on this stream specifically
Prince andrew stripped of titles over sex allegations tied to epstein. It was stripped of titles
That's the same headline again
In a new book one of epsions victims wrote a lured account of what she said was sexual abuse by prince andrew younger brother of prince charles
He's agreed to prince andrew that is has regre agreed to relinquish his duke of york title
After talks with his brother king charles the third a stunning development following years of allegations
Yeah stunning
He doesn't get his cool title anymore. I mean i'm
Assuming that'll have consequences
For him socially, but uh, I think he's getting off pretty easy
If the biggest slap on the wrist he's getting is he doesn't get to be called a very special boy anymore
Well, we're calling him special just in a way. He appreciates less
Duke of york. Yeah chat. It's open duke of york up for grabs. You putting your name in
Uh, you know, it's it's slightly diminished in its
uh, social credibility seeing as the last one was
A multi-time accused pedophile
But yeah, yeah, give it to me
What does it even do for you? Um
Well, it seems to let you do pedophile stuff with impunity for decades
I i'm not interested in that part
I think also though you get to go to some pretty cool brunches, which that i'm done for
And I can money I guess
A lot of money
I don't does it just if you become the duke of york do they just give you money? Is it like medieval times where when you become
a particular, uh
Title when you got a particular title they just hand you a bunch of lands
You get the income off your estate. So when you're duke of york, you just get the estates of york
We're we're we're red-blooded americans here who believe in actual property valley, which is none of us get to have property anymore. So
I don't know how it works. Yeah, none of us can afford houses anymore. So I don't really understand how land holding work land holdings work at all
Oh, well, let's just move on. Have we done ourselves
Out of a job what concerns in film and tv industry over onset body scanning?
Have we done ourselves out of a job?
It's an odd sentence
In america the country the county gets the income of my estate, ah as soon as I get in a state
I'll let you guys know
Let's see march 10 000 men up a hill and then march them down again
Yeah, are these still military titles? How does the uk work? Can we get a uk correspondent?
No, the last one we had was um had some troubling
similarities to certain other figures
For performers of tv or movie sets
It is not unusual to receive a request to enter a booth filled with scores of cameras ready to capture their lightness from every possible
Angle yet with the cast and crew of productions already fretting over the coming role of ai in the industry
It is an increasingly troubling undertaking. It happens without warning says Olivia williams who adds she has been scanned
More times than she cares to remember
During a career that spanned the sixth sense to dune prophecy
Oh, so their concern is just that their body scans are going to be used for ai
I mean spoiler alert everything they've ever filmed has already been uploaded by open ai and completely scanned
Um, so they've essentially been body scanned if you're a famous actor
I mean the real question is are we gonna keep letting these
ai companies
Spit out copyrighted material or really any material
Given that all of it is trained on copyrighted material the answer so far seems to be yeah, we are gonna let them
um
And while I sympathize with these actors like the cats out of the bag all the shits already been
fed into these
mass data farms essentially
I don't know about specifically body scans and maybe you could get even more accurate like representations of people with um like
3d scans designed for high-profile films
but uh
To me it seems like people's likenesses are basically already in the algorithm. So
Speaking of ai
Oh, am I yeah, are you a i case? Uh, yes, uh new wdei hire will focus transition to ai based storytelling
Not my brother sent me this earlier today
and
There's already so much shit in wrestling that kind of looks ai generated like the pre-match title cards
like when there's whatever, uh
Jeff Hardy verse
Bubba the love sponge that classic match whenever they have like the match title graphic for for whatever their matches
On a particular day it already looks fucking weird as hell
I'm guessing they're gonna start using ai for that kind of thing
The real question is will they use it for like vignettes and like online content?
my guess is
Bad taste has never held wrestling back for a second. So probably
Well, let's see cyrus. Ka sa Kausari has recently been hired as wdei's new senior director of creative strategy
He previously held roles at one mma and buzz feed
Which as we know is doing better than ever
According to a new report from f4 w online's dave melzer
Kausari is uh there to do ai shit basically is what they're saying melzer said that levesque said a shift to ai is inevitable
While kausari said he both would both manage ai storytelling and be a liaison to the white house as levesque is taking on more duties
In politics in some form
What the fuck that why why does
Oh my god
What form is he gonna be taking lead what like is he gonna do the fucking um
Like ufc style general liaison slash propaganda arm for the administration
Rumors there's gonna it's gonna be used for storylines. Oh like writing
Jesus like what?
I mean wrestling already has plenty of bad writing and terrible decisions, but if you just
Chat gpt out like uh, you know
Dolph Ziggler versus bubble the love sponge you do realize bubble the love sponge isn't a wrestler
Yeah, but he knows wrestlers like
Hey, how lazy are these fucking can these fuckers get like just keep a couple writers on staff to
Pitch in on your booking decision. Also
Paula vesca's never gonna give up
Control over the booking of these people anyway like I guess he just doesn't want to have to have a writer's room
he wants to be able to just sit at a computer and
And have it spit storylines at him that he can say yes or no to so he still feels like a big boy
Well, he is a big boy to be clear. He is still a pretty big boy
You know functionally
Remember when everybody was really happy triple h took over because uh
Is a breath of fresh air
Turns up the air that turns out the air at the top of that company
Continues to smell like shit and I suspect it will continue to a real shame is there's plenty of talented people
But goddamn the management and just the general culture of that place seems
Incredibly accurate
AI won't tell him his booking is bad
Well, it depends which model he's maybe some of those models have been adjusted specifically to tell Paula vesca that uh
His goodwill has already been burned
He's experiencing that Tony con vibe, uh, but now it's wrapped back around to him
Oh, you're aware of wrestling. Well, you know, I just I'm on twitter. So I see angly angry wrestling fans
Aside from lashley no way. Okay. Um
The report noted that ww already has a contract with writer a i a platform that was already fed
wwe content and came up with some storylines according to one source the platform came up with some absurdly bad storylines
Including bobby lashley being a wrestler who was obsessed with japanese culture and history
They've done that already. They did that with prince albert
Which we were just talking about a different
Albert I think they did that with a big harry guy who came back from uh,
New japan or whatever and was suddenly
In like lord tensi there we go. Thank you propaganda
Uh prince it what was his name andrew albert whatever this big harry dude. He came back and he was lord tensi
So they're just spitting back stories that they've already done but with with the names mad libs around
man
You know, honestly, half the time in wrestling. It's really on the wrestlers to just
Make it remotely watchable, which i'm always impressed when they managed to but
The fucking a now if you're like a new wrestler in ww
You're not only gonna have to fight the insane ego of like hall of esk and every one of the acolytes surrounding him
you're gonna have to try to like
Worm your way through some ai driven storytelling insanity
The bright side of this is like with most ai things they probably aren't even gonna fucking use it
They're most likely just gonna say they've made this deal and then
There'll probably be some poor intern and or writer who has to like prompt a bunch of shit that they then have to edit themselves
Just so at the end of the day they can say that they're using ai
So they sound like a more advanced entertainment product for the dumbest people on the planet
Which for the record isn't their audience. It's their fucking investors
Um, so great
Uh
Great great great more ai slop
They should have stuck with vaping. Maybe they'll get like hulk hogan back to vape
I mean, I know he's dead, but that's not stopping then we can finally have vape hulk hogan versus vape kevin porreira
We're dumb too. Yeah, but I do think uh the business leaders in charge of this are dumber than the audience
I'm not claiming. We're smart. I'm just claiming they're dumb
Okay, at least two survivors of us attack on alleged drug smugglers in american custody. Oh good
They've already put them in custody
Well, the word alleged there, um is doing a lot more work than the administration is as I think they've already decided they're guilty
It looks like there's a video on this one
This is you know like the tenth time we've just bombed some random boats in international waters
And claimed that they're drug smugglers
If they're in american custody that gives me slightly less hope that uh, whoever these two people are will get to
Say their side of things, but let's see what this coverage has to say
Like this one on a vessel off the coast of venezuela a us official saying this time there were survivors
It comes in the midst of a major military buildup in the region
ABC confirming that three nuclear capable b-52 bombers launching from an airbase in louisiana
Flew for hours in the carabin waters less than 90 miles from venezuela
Some 10 000 us forces now flowing into the region including special operations helicopters the kind used by navy seals and delta force
Those so-called night stalkers now conducting exercises in the carabin
The most recent boat strike is at least the sixth on what the administration claims are vessels operated by drug cartels
With president trump now authorizing cia missions in venezuela and threatening ground strikes as well
We have a lot of drugs coming in from venezuela and a lot of the venezuelan drugs come in through the sea
So you get to see that but we're gonna stop them by land also
Trump blames venezuelan president nicolas maduro for drugs coming into the us
And is trying to pressure him to step down the administration offering 50 million dollars for information leading to his arrest and conviction on drug charges
maduro says
Are they gonna mention that the majority of drugs that come into the us don't come from venezuela in this report?
I mean they might have mentioned this in other reports over abc news
But I do feel like every time this story comes up it is worth mentioning
The fentanyl is not pouring into this country via
Uh, venezuela like you could make an argument that it is via mexico
But even in that case it's a lot of united states
stakeholders involved as well, so
It just doesn't make sense from any number of angles this country is ready for battle
But his military is weak and this morning
We are learning that the head of us southern command admiral alvin holsey who is overseeing the us military build-up is stepping down
He has been on the job for less than a year. Holsey is one of numerous senior officials
Yeah, maybe that's more accurate liven sleazy. I honestly don't have I mean, I do know that it's not coming
In large in like substantial numbers from venezuela. Maybe it's maybe it's more china based
um either way they're not interested in
um
Stopping the flow of drugs all of this is just because they think they can get away with doing this to venezuela
Need some fentanyl seasoning in my spice rack
Well, there's still gonna be plenty available for you steve fortunately because blowing up
Random speed boats, you know multiple times a week is not going to be making any dent in the drug trafficking trade
Generally you don't have announced covert actions
Yeah, they really are just they're just seeing how
Uh china based I wish the diaries that could be case china based black well, but I don't think I've earned that name
Yeah, they really do just seem to be as usual
Just seeing what they can get away with and learning
Way more than they should
Is the answer peace prize lady said companies will make so much money off the venezuelan oil
Yeah, even as we are spilling a lot of it into the ocean by bombing all of these fucking speed boats
Or not even speed boats just fishing boats. Sorry. I'm calling the speed boats because it's stuck in my head because trump
Made those insane statements about about how fast all the boats are
It is fun to think about venezuela having really fast boats
Well, that's fun when they're blowing them out of the water
But I mean from what I can tell this people are some people are claiming at least that this was just a fishing boat
um
Which I think is pretty likely
I know the united states love to say it loves to say that we're doing all these surgical bombings based on advanced intel
But I suspect at this point that means
They were probably fed a target by some horrific ai system probably like designed by google
Uh or apple or whatever other big tent company and then they're just without looking into it shipping a missile off
And for the record as as chat's pointing out these missiles are insanely expensive as is launching any of these um
bombers to go
Send it at the actual ship. So
You know, they're just dumping millions of dollars into blowing up most likely random
fishermen
Or even if they're getting a drug dealer like that's still illegal. You shouldn't be just killing people before you've actually proven
They've done anything
Well trump covered that when he said we tried doing things legally and it's annoying
It was annoying to do it that way
God he's the missiles before they expire
Is that a new argument?
because
I do feel like if you leave those around for too long they might go bad
And you don't want your missile leaking everywhere
Yeah, I guess so
You don't want your leaky missiles clogging up all of our silos
Have to use the missiles so you can buy more
Another excellent, uh justification that we more or less use without saying it out loud usually but trump at this point
Really is just saying everything out loud
So I suspect we'll be making a speech tomorrow
Sorry everybody, but we had to blow some stuff up
We had to we had to send all of our missiles into kansas and just blow up kansas
Because we need more missiles. We have to buy more. We had to use some the economy of scale
Also, was that your jd vance? Whenever you talk, I'll I hear is jd vance. You need to work on your jd vance. I was trying to do trump
No, this is trump
I'm not a trump
I do like yours more
He's firing missiles tomorrow at california
Hey, I'll be off at a protest while they conduct their military exercises. We covered this I think on monday, but there is a
Um navy 250th navy anniversary
military show going on where they're just
launching live ammunition over the uh i5 here in california
Kendall was actually supposed to drive to san diego today, but they canceled unrelated to that reason
Um, and I was a little worried that she would just be like either driving through traffic or driving under live munitions
They claim it's going to be completely safe
And I hope they're right, but also why?
Just why because 250 years you're not gonna
Blow something up. Well ideally not like
Your own country. It'll be fine
Look, so far trust me bro is working for the trump administration. They're saying it about everything so
I
Trust them bro, but we I haven't trusted them once and but you're fine. Aren't you I don't know
We nuked the fault line and sent calm me fornia into the ocean
Oh, no would that work? Well, they don't know and they're trusting the guy who said it would so they might try it
Okay, we're going full dr. Strange love. Let's do a couple more stories
See we can land on a positive one and then we'll get out of here for the day keep keep dreaming case
Well, that was weird the stream is weird today. US bombs conduct flyover off venezuelan coast and drop suggestive message for the radar
Wait what?
The usb 52 bombers fly over the venezuelan coast as the trump administration escalates pressure against maduro regime
Now one of the planes appeared to draw a penis with its flight path. What I thought chat was just kidding
I gotta stop assuming chat is kidding when they say the dick stuff
Man, oh no
Well, like we said earlier comedy is subjective
so
Guys the dick news
at a at a certain point I could kind of draw a line between the
like murder news and the dick news on the stream like the
International atrocities committed by our country could slightly be cordoned off from the dick news and we are hitting a point where
Me doing the dick news is just doing the news
The giant word pussy next to case
where
Is it on my cheek?
This is a false flag. It's a false flag operation. Don't worry. Well, it looks
It could be um
Was they whatever they're doing this
There any reason you'd be flopping around like this? I guess they're circling
It's a false cock operation
This could not look more like a penis
Jesus christ
Is this a leak chat was this in the leaks chats? Was this a signal chat that accidentally came out? No, this is the military actually
Drawing a dick with their bombing
But they're playing that they're gonna murder some some like fishermen with okay
We're laughing. Are we laughing? Is it good?
It's a dick. So it's probably funny
It's supposed to be a rule of comedy. Yeah, that's an art by committee
I think the long passages by sharna helper and about how drawing a penis is always funny
This will come out of the tip
The bombs are stored in the balls
Boats make penis shapes when they meander around dumbass. Hmm a lot of things are shaped like a dick
It's a it's a balls and shaft kind of world we live in
Clayna sores nick cabana to studios the future is creator led non-linear and already here is variety having a seizure
Not sure italy's view conference the clayna sores co-founder laid out a playbook
On user generated worlds collectable collectible driven crowdfunding and constant community feedback. Um
I don't know maybe we've already read enough word
Have we just seen enough dick today?
Maybe we don't need to see this guy slap his dick on the table and just say words at us until we assume
This is a new intellectual media property
This isn't really for stream that is a personal story for case the clayna sores nick cabana
Well, I'm still interested that this guy said this many words creator led non-linear and already here, you know, you had me
With a headline like that, but we'll move on for now
Alec Baldwin's car crash claims unravel after shocking video leak. He had car crash claims
All right, let's check out this video
Ah
No, it's an ad they tricked us
It was an ad for euphoria season three all along
Oh euphoria season three
Alec Baldwin's version of his car crash in the hamptons is falling apart after shocking new footage surface
That seems to tell a completely different story. Well, do they have the footage?
Stop selling me euphoria and show me this footage of car crashes
Okay, maybe maybe this time it'll work
Nope, it's muted
The police have confirmed he won't face any legal consequences
Here is with his brother stevie Baldwin
Making a joke face that is his actual face
All right
Like an aging thumb. Yes very much
Not cases brother
They struck a tree on eastbound shoulder roadway
Okay, there were no injuries reported a summons was issued
Okay, what's this shocking new footage though? Are they gonna show us?
They're not gonna show us the footage
Also, who's this is that millie bobby brown? No, I think that's his wife
Uh, I don't I don't think they have the footage for us. Oh here. He is talking
I uh, I just want to post a quick message. I got all this
inquiries about my car thing this morning. I was in a car accident this morning. I'm fine
My brother steven was out visiting me. Um
He's very moved
Home on island and uh, we spent the weekend at the film festival
I do want to take an opportunity to congratulate everybody on the staff of the film festival david newgent
And uh, and everyone kasey
Everyone I can't think of all the board our sponsors
Stuart suna my co-chair on the board randy master
Everyone on the film fest. Okay, we can't deal with this. This is just an insane aging man
Who hasn't replaced his fire alarm battery?
He wanted to get to an apology or something or an update, but he had to gift like his oscar acceptance speech
Breathlessly while looking like he's about to weep
Okay, you know what I just can't with celebrity news. It's they're just they're
They're too intense for me. I can't handle it
He's getting ahead of it. Yeah, he was getting ahead of it in as many ways as possible
He's like, fuck. I gotta think my agent for this car crash
The academy of course for giving me those six drinks before I drove
My brother for never not having coke and uh, and honestly
BMW for the best airbags in the world
Hell, he's a pro. He knows how to do it
Warner Bros probably cost Paramount 60 billion
Okay, and that's all the news for today
Let's end on a positive note. They're getting paid down at Warner Brothers
We were speaking about AIDS when it was a whisper
Is that Alec Baldwin? Maybe
Uh, did someone subscribe to Gina's stream there?
Here you'd be drinking if you accidentally shot a woman hewikuler
That is a pretty good reason to drink
Or maybe stop drinking depending on the reasons you accidentally shot the woman
South Park Origins. Oh, and I'm not up on my any of my references
The alarm went off once and it was so loud in my, uh,
Monitor monitor headphones and I was like, never mind. Let's not watch this
I mean that is partially on my audio settings, but it's also an Alec Baldwin for
Not replacing his
Uh fire alarm get on an Alec Baldwin. That's the only crime you've really committed is it's not that hard
It's just some batteries. Yeah, but sometimes you got to order like a weird
Gotta get like a cd whatever the weird battery is the two little guys and you know have any
And you get so frustrated you shoot a lady that's I don't think that's what's what happened. Oh, well
I lost track of the story to be fair
All right. Well, let's make a song and then let's get out of here. It's Friday. So, you know, that's enough segments
That's gotta be enough segments. We only did like
Two segments. Well now we're about to do four segments
Four whole segments
Uh, let's set it down to djc4 to torture us with
Long-winded raps and shouting it's music time. Oh, yeah, we're back again
We've made it
once again to the booth
Get out the pen in the pad because we're back in the lab
And we're ready to spit out another hit
today's request was
And we're still editing last week's for the record. Don't worry. We'll have
Justin juice unlock soon
But I'm just so busy out of drink boba and stuff, you know
Can we get rob alve vs. Robbie love diss track?
Skates vs. Coasters weekend
We got to keep them separated because those two if we get them in the same booth
It's not going to be a diss track. It's going to be a dismemberment
Because that's how deep this beef goes
One of the deepest beefs in the industry right now
Even I know about it
Let's send it down to our ghostwriter though to really get into this. Uh, he's got a challenge. He's got to write
Two different tracks. Actually, you know, let's find him a beat first. I spoke too soon
I don't know. What should this be like a roller coaster type beat roller coaster trap beat
I don't know if that does robby love any favors, but
Let's see what we got
seed mot type times jid type beat
maybe
Maybe roller coaster type beat isn't the right one
Waffle crisp style beat. I'm gonna type that in next
How is roller coaster plus trap even supposed to go? I just type it in
I let youtube sort it out
These are all too coasty though. I think it's focusing too much on the word coast
Anyway, here's a waffle crisp type beat in case you were wondering if that was a thing
It is
Y'all remember this waffle crisp commercial, right? How about a kooky crisp type beat?
Will that give us anything? This is a somehow juice world beat. Oh, wait. No, it's not
Cookie crisp type beat. Give me those cookies
I want this one. This could work
Honestly any beat will work. Is this supposed to be a diss track?
Grimace McDonald's type beat?
Absolutely
Maybe this will be a winner
Oh god, he appeared
Yeah, but it's not mate. It's not angry sounding
It's just gotta be a diss track, right?
Promising visuals absolutely. Okay, let's just type McDonald's style beat
I don't really know what that has to do with either of these two, but
That's the same one. You might have noticed
You might have noticed
Nope, that's not gonna do it. This is an old McDonald type beat. I don't know. Maybe this just does it for some reason
Feels about right
Let's just go with this
That is the baby
He's become the farmer from courage to cowardly dog somehow
Anyway, that'll do it. We're just gonna go with this one
We're splitting the difference between Robbie Love and Rob Elvie and it turns out it's this
So do your best with that go straighter. I mean whatever
Yeah, it's all kind of the same to me
I'm sort of that good
You know through thousands of years of honing my spectral craft. I can pretty much write about anything
This does kind of slap actually, okay. All right. Here's the challenge for today
We just need to think of mean things to say about both Rob Elvie and Robbie Love. Let's start with Rob Elvie
This will be for Robbie Love to say
So it could also be good things about about Robbie Love
Okay
But it mostly needs we need to shit on Rob Elvie
You can think of any insults or just general opinions you have on why Robbie Elvie is a piece of shit
Then um, just throw them in the chat. What does get a nice list going anything you hate about Rob Elvie?
A face-changing freak
A biscuit eater
If you take one hour to write this song you can read the completionist. Wow
We might we often take way too long to write these things
So far people really hate that he's a shape-shifting demon. I think that's fair. He bans everyone. Is that good or bad?
I don't know. Um
He prefers rc.cola that is brutal
He wants to fuck coasters again. I don't know if that's good or bad
Um
Obsessed, yeah
I guess that's covered my wanting to fuck coasters
He loves to bother trip. He's rude
He might have sex with Robbie Love. He bans. He does ban
He don't he do love to ban. I don't actually know that much about Rob Elvie
He's always mad
More bands than twitch. Hey
twisty we
Hell yeah
Um, what's good about Robbie Love? He fucks. He rollerblades
He is his own coaster if you think about it
Likes flat beer these is more mean stuff
Here i'll create a little space here so we know we know when we're bigging up Robbie Love versus um
He secretly wants to live in a bush
Wants to live in bush
Okay
He has mojo
Oh Robbie Love that's true
Cocaine sniffs him
Kind of on his um
Chuck Norris dip good credit score hit song king of youtube
A sheriff
Was he a sheriff? Why do I feel like he was a sheriff? He was running for some kind of elected office
Reach around game unlock
Has two girls
Also plenty of cups
Okay
Let's girls hold it when he peas
Auto erotic speciation. I'm just gonna put that as a positive
Alexander, thank you so much for the 35 months as we work out this uh polyamory great great great for sure
I'm gonna assume
And headbands
Easy easy
Freezy
Beautiful
Waxed
Fuckable that's probably enough. It's probably enough for why Rob Elvie sucks and um
Robbie love rules. Okay. Now. We just need reasons that Robbie love sucks and or if you can think of any why
Rob Elvie
Is amazing
Okay on the positive nose coasters
Love's coasters has ridden all coasters
Doesn't put up with anything
Um Robbie love stds
Um puns of debt
Probably
As some allegations doesn't take no for an answer
smelly feet
Also rollerblade feet
Toe jam
Mr. Steel your coaster that is beautiful
Too short for entry. Oh fuck. Yeah
People with wheels for feet can't be trusted
escort addicts. Yep
Pays for it for peace
I'm gonna put that in
parentheses. I know that wasn't the intention mr. Whoopie boo boo, but
I like the idea of him paying for herpes
Glorified sonic car hop. That is just lovely
Um
Also, Rob Elvie can just Rob hates him
He's banned
Um, he's stupid
He needs to stop talking. These are things I feel like Rob would say
Sucks
Stuck in the 70s
Do knuckles looks like disco stew
Probably runs a fair game at a park
Which is bad. Rob thinks that's bad. I've decided
Um future so bright
He should
Never wear shades
Future so dim
We're just gonna leave that out of the loop needs to be your lyric
Out of the loop. That's beautiful. Um
Go twist your we
As someone who's run games in a theme park can confirm robert's robs, right? No geekastic. Okay
Believe in yourself
Uh Rob Elvie. Okay. You know, we could find like a 70s style beat and then just swap the beat to this old mcdonnell beat for Rob
Maybe we do that
DJC for find me a different beat for Rob, please
Love that is
Robbie love. Okay. What happens if I put in like 70s funk trap beat?
Also, I don't
There's gonna be no transition between these beats just so you know. Oh shit
Can you wrap over this?
Yes, you can and this is probably how Robby would rap man
Because he's from the 70s sort of and he probably can't wrap that well
But there's also this
This is way harder
This one does go way harder
The other one might be funnier
This is more of a porn type we'll go with this one. All right
great
We're we're beat it up now. It's a beat off. It absolutely is
And who's gonna win?
We can pick a winner if we want
all right
Back to this ghost
Um, all right, I guess I gotta do this now. We all lose that's true
That is true. Let the losing begin
Yeah, get mad get mad pig nose, bitch always looking bad
Okay, okay
Um, let's see. What are are there Robbie love lyrics?
Last thing I have to check is is the actual Robbie love song
Here comes Robbie love shit. I can't find it
Robbie love song
Here we go
Spinning wheels make me move
It takes me to the sky we're gonna reuse some of his lyrics
Can you use a i to create a skeleton of lyrics that you could modify? Yes, we absolutely could
And that would be faster
I guess we could uh, yeah, I guess we could do that
It would be substantially faster to take all of these lyrics
We'll see how it does though
I do prefer to raw dog these though. It does take a while
I've always done to experiment
Yeah, you know what I don't even feel like doing it. I have to do I have to write like a
Brother just write the thing. All right. A spinning wheels make me move half-pipe takes me to the sky
And also he's our superman pollute the creative environment
No, you're not
It is tempting as it would save so much time
But if I just if we just have really low standard this also doesn't have to take that long
How's it go here comes?
Oh Kendall's coming
Ghost Kendall you want to say hi?
Kendall ghost Kendall doesn't want to say hi. Sorry everybody
Spinning wheels make me move he bans everyone
He's always man more bands than twitch. He wants to live in a bush likes flat beer
Took Rob on a coaster
We gave him a shove
You know superman
So he fell from the sky
Robby got two models and I'm still riding high a flat biscuit eater
And I don't mean to boast
But I only need some but I only need blades and feet when I coast
What else do we have about it?
Sex on wheels should be in there
Sex on wheels and I'm hardly starting
The only bush you've seen
Was that bush gardens?
Grind you down with my coaster
And make a peach with the sand
That'll be a rob lyric. I think
We'll move that down
The big loop on the train got my veins strained. That's another rob lyric
Got my main veins strained
That's beautiful
Yeah, we can just make various um we can just use
Famous theme parks to insult Rob
Uh
Half pipe headband bad
Every girl you meet
Sees six red flags
What are other what are other um
Oh must be this taller ride
Use my coffee table put down a coaster
You're a fake face
Fake face um
Wait what was I gonna say? Ah
You say you love coasters, but you keep leaving stains. Okay. That's what I'm trying to get to
Don't forget to wear your seat belt
Have a good one deadless you think you're the shit a real rock and roller
But everything about you is flat as rc cola
Well to say cola
What rola cola? Okay rola
This might be more than enough lyrics
Oh, yeah, we gotta be getting there. That's pain
White streak on a coaster
White streak in your hains
You say you love coaster, but you keep you say you love coasters, but you keep leaving stains. There we go
Is that enough lyrics?
Let's find out
I mean, I guess we're just gonna cut these beats up
Get mad
Get mad
Pigg knows bitch that's always looking bad here comes robbie and I'm still bringing the love
I took a rob on a coaster and now I gave him a shove
I ain't no superman he fell from the sky
Robby got two models and I'm still riding high
You're a flat biscuit eater and I don't mean to boast but I only need blades every time that I coast
Sex on wheels, you know that I'm hardly starting the only bush
You've seen was probably at bush gardens half pipe superman with the bad headband every girl that you meet sees red six flags
You're a fake face rude
Robby's still coming through white streak on a coaster white streak in your hains
You say you love coasters, but you keep leaving stains. Bye. Bye
Okay, we need one more lyric. I had to fake one
Oh, we have this one
There we go. I think that was courtesy of card game
That's our robbie section
All right. Now we just need rob elvi
Who's got a slightly different vibe?
This does feel appropriate for rob honestly
Superman bitch more like bizarro
I'm a coaster guard. You're a god. You're a broken down car
Caro is
Too good not to use. Oh wait, we're still in the rob lyrics. I didn't even use some of these
Grind you down with my coaster make a beach with the sand
fill in with a fast past
fast pass
But guess what your band
Big loop on the train got my vein strained
Face changed. I'm the same main
Um
Something about rob paying for std's I pay for a season pass you pay for std's
There should be a line that is just banning people your band your band and guess what your band
Band
Band
Rollerblades headbands
Rollerblades band head. Okay. We need something else rollerblades bands
Fuck it fucking band rollerblades band headbands. No chance all bands banned
Olympians
Ride the track so
hard
Now I'm my own coaster
Now we've seen something a ride with coaster
helicopters band to look like
John Morrison got left in the toaster
Earned in the toaster. I ride tracks so hard that know I'm my own coaster
Helicopter. Yeah, let's just have more band lines helicopters
Band no washing your hands
More fucking band
Take a bath with a toaster
Yeah, we could tell him to take a bath with a toaster
Kenny Rogers roaster
You look like John Morrison got burned in the toaster
um
I just filled up a punch card at Kenny Rogers roasters
um
Something poster is fun
What about a poster though? We need to say something like a poster
um
Let the whole world know your band. I just put up a poster
Like a sexy camaro poster that could work. Let's see
Something about something about jobs like riding coasters is my job
There's somebody to insult him with job
Or I guess maybe maybe uh
Robbie loves never had a job
Ruler kates like a slob wearing roller skates like a slob
Here a wheeled up has been rollerblades slob
Rolling on a coaster my fucking job
Riding getting fat stacks riding the steel and wood. You're so jealous
Of me you change faces if you could
Oh sure, let's get it in there. I need one more ob rhyme slob bob job knob
Rob riding on my dick like a holster mob. Oh, yeah mob
Knob
sir
They call no there's knob no knob creak is whiskey. It's like is that a is that an amusement park? No, it's not
Lob slob cob
I'm eating corn on the cob
Better check your wallet
Because you just got robbed
There you go
That seems like it's about the same number of lyrics, right?
Right
Slabbing on my knob like it's corn on the cob. That's better, but I just don't think rob would say it rob elvi that is
Okay
Do we have enough lyrics?
Where did the other super okay?
So raw elvi rhymes
Whoa
Superman bitch more like bizarro. I'm a coaster god. You're a broken down car
Round you down with my coaster make a beach with the sand chilling with the fast pass
But guess what your band face changed? Yeah, I'm still the same main
The big loop on the train got my vein strength. I'll pay for a season pass you pay for std's
We need another rhyme there fucking band roller blades band
Helicopters band no washing your hands band and then more fucking band
Headband no chance all bands band you look like john morrison who got bernard toaster
I just filled up the punch card at kenny rogers roasters let the whole no world you're banned
I just put it on a poster
Hmm quite fit. It's just restarted
I guess he could just be rhyming over this
This is pretty long interlude
Maybe just gets really mad here
Getting fat stacks riding stealing wood. You're so jealous of me that you take faces
If you could ride the track so hard now on my own coaster
That was supposed to come after kenny rogers roasters your wheeled up has been roller blade slob rolling on a coaster
Guess what that's my job. I'm eating theme park turkey corn on the cob better check your wallet because you just got robbed
All right, we have to tidy up our lyrics
More by that I mostly mean move this
And also there was something about std's in here. We just never finished. Oh, I see what happened. Okay. There it goes
All right
The beat is too sick for me. Yeah, hopefully um rob can handle it
B a n n n ed
Re and still check the odd d
Um superman bitch. Yeah, that's all fine. What was the thing about std's? Oh man, there's still weird things
From the wall that are available to redeem. How is that possible? I thought I turned all those off
It's apologies for every wolf your points are being dissolved. Oh, we didn't say twisty we
We gotta say that at some point. Oh that rhymes with std. It's perfect
I paid for season passes you pay for stds
You don't play we sports
You're just twisting your we okay. That should be fine
Loop in your we but we does say loop in your shorts
Um, you're playing we
We sports shorts
You play we sports shorts loopy twisting that we okay, there we go now. We got the whole line in there
That seems a but that's all the rob lines. I know
You haven't heard rhymes this good since R. Kelly in the closet
Hey, you know, I was a ghost
It was before we knew we just thought he was a cool chicago guy
Okay, that seems fine to set it up tjc4
Okay, we're back at it
Yeah, that ghost case hasn't written that much that ghost writers written for every show and musician
He ghost writes all of it. Yeah, that's back when he was known as cool chicago guy R. Kelly
All right, we got to save last week's track
Uh juice loose to open this up
All right, where are our beats at?
Give me a beat
We got one
Aha, okay 70s tight beat
Now we just need this old mcdonald beat I did reverie wolf see the stuff about um
wwe with the ai stuff for a uh medium that is often known for its
We'll say interesting writing choices
I can only imagine how bad it could get if they actually implement ai
I suspect like with a lot of i said this earlier, but I suspect like with a lot of ai things
It's kind of just saying you're using it as much as actually using it
But then again, I wouldn't put it past
Um them to just use it be like well, it must be good. It come a computer made it
I do think though like um the triple h's
You know as an apprentice of vince mcman would miss the opportunity to
yell at writers
About how their ideas suck so he might not he might not be willing to part with that aspect of it
Maybe that'll save um some actual writing jobs
Just uh being a vindictive asshole
Okay
That literally was in the article we were reading. I don't even really get what that means
I mean, I guess it means he's gonna be doing something
related to the trump administration
but
You know, he's uh
I just don't understand like what I mean, he's not like dana white, you know
I guess he is I guess he's dana white but for for wrestling but
Does he have that much to offer like politically?
Triple h
It's kind of
unnecessary even
You know incredibly stupid political timeline, but
Maybe he's about to pop off
He does want to be dana white. I just don't know like dana white
I feel like uh
UFC
Works as a better propaganda mechanism than wwe even though wwe has always been like
Very heavy on the rah rah american flag waving
I um
Just don't know if like your average like wannabe tough guy
feels as good about
like using their
using wrestling is like some kind of
Epic american standard to hold up their masculinity too. It's just so intrinsically kind of silly that
For me just feel like it doesn't it doesn't work as cleanly as um
UFC
But i'm sure that won't stop them. Okay, sorry. It's taking me a minute
There it is. Okay, Trump is going to see his retirement match. I'm sure john seno will be like
I don't you know politics are complicated. Blah blah blah. I'll give like the most john seno answer ever if asked about like
Trump attending his final match, you know, we're here to entertain the fans
Fans coming all types some are just you know, little kids. I'm with the president 11k a ticket
And that is ridiculous
There are a lot of wrestling fans out there with money though, I don't think I care quite that much
You know, I like john seno pretty well, but I think I'm good
I haven't even sprung for espn plus or whatever. So I don't think they're gonna get the 11k out of me
All right, look there's all types of matches
Just like there's all types of fans and today's match is rob alvey versus robby love and I think we have to get to it
There's no time to waste
Curious how this is gonna look
Our usual robby love look
Wow, this is an interesting look from rob alvey today. Okay, rob. Uh, thank you so much for being here
Yeah, he is a big time actor now
You're pro. I'm sure you're gonna knock this out of the park. Let's just do this thing
Oh, man
I am ready to go
All right, let's turn can we get this other track out of my headphones? I love it
I love it, but
I'm ready to actually lay some stuff down
And you know, I like I looked over the lyrics so I feel like in a sense I wrote them too
Like I added a little love to them and I'm gonna add kind of some love to them on the fly as well
But I do love these
I do love these you paid for the uh, the the ajc in a match. I heard it was great
What stuff are we about to lay down? That's a really great question
And I'd say like
Big stuff
Well, it's gonna be lyrics. They're like right in front of you. Yeah, but like what's the stuff we're gonna lay down. You know what I mean
You're gonna put like some
vibes on it. I mean, maybe
Maybe I'll put some mayo on it
Put some mayo on it make it smooth. Is that your catchphrase? I don't know has it been used?
neck pussy bodies
A selling out to the sawties std's and whatever else
You're gonna put std's on the track
but depends
Uh, which hole i'm singing from
I'm totally clean. I'm totally clean
In that sense
Currently I've obviously had some but they come and go, you know like tears in the rain. I've seen std's you couldn't even dream of
Ever seen that movie
Cockerunner I have and seen that rob
It's pretty good. It looks like straight to max straight to um
Like cable max back in the 90s type movies. Anyway, I do plan to put a little neck pussy vibe on this really stank on it. All right
Yeah, let's just get into it rob. It sounds like you're really warmed up. I do feel really loose and warm
Let's give this a shot. Oh, yeah, I like this
Let's make it as loose and warm as we can. Where are my lyrics at?
Oh, yeah
Hmm superman bitch more like bizarro. I'm a coaster god. You're just a bus not mine. Those are my lyrics
Who said that? Is that are they saying that about me?
Rob, don't read the other guy's lyrics
Those are your enemy's lyrics
That's fucked up to that's fucked up to say i'm not like bizarro. I'm like superman. I take me to the sky
Where is it? Where are my lyrics?
Okay, here we go run it back. I'm gonna do my lyrics this time
Great, I please do I will man. I do I do I do
Get mad
Get mad big nose bitch always looking so bad. Here comes robbie
And i'm still bringing the love I took a rob on a coaster and then I gave him a shove
Whoops, I ain't no superman so he fell from the sky
Robby got two models and I'm still riding high. You're a flat biscuit eater
And I don't mean to boast but I only need blades when I'm feeling the coast
Sex on wheels and I'm hardly even starting the only bush you've ever seen was that bush garrings half pipe superman
Yeah, I'm headband bad every girl that you meet see six red flags
You think you're the shit yeah, you a real rock and roller every time
My thing about you is flat as I see cola white streak on a coaster white streak in your hands
You say you love coasters, but you're just leaving stains and i'm smooth to the sky
Robby superman i'm keeping you high
Should I just keep going?
Should I just keep bringing that smooth juicy love to this track?
You kind of messed up one lyric, but I don't care
Nice
So let's keep going. Uh, thanks rod. That was um, yeah, you the
One take wonder almost
That first one didn't count. I'm a one take wonder
That counted as one take wonder
Not that I care. I'm all about the love dude. Not that I care. Okay
He's out of here. He just he said that and then he just turned around
banged his head in the wall and then left
That means unfortunately we have to bring in rob elvi
But he does look mad. So I think that's good because that means
He's in the pocket already
Okay
That's just a sec. Sorry rob's can't rob immediately knock the camera over that we have on him
So we just have to fix that real quick
Uh, yeah, he did he did bring some napussy energy some noosey
He brought some noosey to it. Uh rob. Are you ready to go? Yes. I've been ready
Oh, wow. Are you okay? Do you need anything? I'm great
Let's do this. Uh, okay. Thanks for picking the camera up. I did I knocked it over again
Where's this guy that I gotta fight?
Um, he didn't know you're doing a you're rapping you're doing like a rap battle fuck that
I want to see him cry
I don't I will sue him if he fights me now. I'm not here to fight
But I will
What I won't I will but I will fight him but I don't want to fight
Which is it I just mean don't fuck with me. I'll fight you but I'm legally I will sue you if you fight me
That's uh, okay. Yeah, sure. Well, look, let's just get you into this. Um, you have a fair amount of lyrics
And there's a really long interlude where it just kind of makes old mcdonald noises
So just kind of work through it as much as you can. I don't rap. Is that a problem?
That could
Hurt you here
Just try to
Would be my main advice. I will not try
You can't make me
I'm just gonna play the song and there's lyrics in front of you and just do your best rob
I don't have to do anything for you. I'm supposed to just rap because you tell me to
Superman beige more like a Zorro on that coaster god, baby. You're a broken dark car. Oh god. You're down
With my coaster
I don't even mean to boast sir
I make a beach with the sand because I'm feeling so grand rob lb coming in with the master plan
Jilling with the fast pass. But guess what you're banned
Face changed while I'm still the same man
The big loop on the train got my veins strained season pass still feeling the same
I paid for his season pass you pay for std. You play weas for sure. Sloppy twisty. We
Ha fucking banned roller blades. Guess what?
banned
helicopter
Band watching your hands more fucking bad god damn
You think you look cute because you're a little headband
I don't even fucking care about that. You are you are a fool if you think that I care
You get your little headband off and grab it around your neck and hang
But I can't say that maybe but you're in trouble now
You fool
You look like john morrison got burnt in the toaster. I just filled a punch card up at the candy rogers roasters
Let the whole world know that your band just put it on a poster
Ride the track so hard now. I'm my own coaster. You ride tracks, but you're just a looser
That stacks rod stealing wood. You're so jealous you take fights with me if you kid rolling on a coaster
Yeah, that's my fucking job. Your wheeled up has been roller blob
I'm eating theme park turkey is some corn on the cob
Better check your wallet cuz you just got robbed
You just got robbed
Washed up roller blade look as long check the fucking wallet cuz you just got robbed
I think that's the best we're gonna get I refuse to do a second take so you're lucky
I will sing some r&b though if you'd like I'd have to write that I'll just
Don't speak for me. I'll just do this r&b style. No
No, I think we're out of time Rob. I'll be here singing
I paid for the time we paid you
Or someone did what?
I knew that
Really? Yeah, apparently someone paid you to come in and do this
Obviously let's find somebody to raid. Oh usually I do that. I'll do it play my track again. Yes
Who's on
I'm gonna I'm rating someone so that you can tell them they're banned
Just so you know
They shouldn't have messed with me wait, how do they if you're rating someone no don't
Whoever we rate don't tell them that they're bad. This is a band raid. How about he's on she's banned
Is she actually on she is not on
He's not live
Whoever said that is banned
Sorry, you're not banned. Don't worry. You are
There's nobody on
She yeah, that's cuz I banned her anybody has anybody to rate let me know
Not that I don't have friends
You don't have to rate a friend. I know
That's right sir. Oh, yeah sir Lars on
He's banned. No, he is not banned. We don't need to tell him he's banned. Sorry. I just can't help a move like that
Band squad have fun. There was it
Feel the power feel the power of the band
I said I'm out of track. I gotta go that was my r&b version
That was my r&b version. So mix that in
That was r&b. That's r&b
Hi everybody have fun with sir lar for the last time because he's done
See you never all of you are banned too. I've been modded
You're not you're fine. Everyone in the chat is also banned and that's why you're being sent away as we speak. Bye. Bye
They're gone. Yes