I'm Papito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
I'm Papito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
I'm Papito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
I'm Papito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
I'm Papito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
I'm Papito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
I love my country.
I'm Papito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
I'm Papito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
I'm Papito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Limba restaurant, the high-federatum in the maximum, melatonin, mean, mean, mean, mean.
No fucks all sleep in the Manchester, no sleep alive, bitch I sleep more, sleep on, sleep on, sleep on.
He hides in walls most nights unseen, nice, in the dark where his presence is key.
We're live in ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one, let's do this.
Oh baby, look at all that red in chat, oh my god.
Look at this destroyed city behind me, the protest of the century that has to be stopped by all the guards in my extremely dangerous town of LA.
It's what I've been told at least from watching the news.
Good to see everybody.
I'm sure one will be by if I say the wrong thing.
Papito, we have to watch what we say.
Okay, young man, I'm actually not sure where I'm supposed to be.
You know where Papito is?
I was told that they're hiring for posts of news.
I'm good, we got a lot of hosts already.
I used to do it.
What?
Read the news.
Okay, do you know where Papito is?
Papito, can you get over here?
No, one second.
I gotta find Papito really quick.
He's straight misbehaving today.
Yeah, is that Dan rather?
Please tell me he didn't send this weird old guy as a replacement.
Because that simply won't do.
It simply won't do.
Papito, where is your frickin ass?
Danny Grandwell, I guess.
I guess I could just hang out with this guy.
Papito's decided to disappear again and become an old man.
Back, everybody stop stressing.
It's part of my job to hire random guys off the street to work here.
That's technically not...
I was hoping you'd show a little more care maybe.
Who you hire.
Then why didn't you say that?
I feel like I did.
I feel like I keep telling you that.
I'm a dog.
That's your excuse for everything.
Yes!
What are you gonna do about it?
Nothing.
Yeah, that's what I thought.
Anyway, I just hired that guy so I enjoyed talking to him.
But he's...
What did he bring to the table?
He's old.
And he kind of got a confusing face.
It sort of looks old and young at the same time.
Maybe that's Jeb.
I don't think that's Jeb.
That could be the new Jeb.
A new one. No one can find Jeb.
So just get a new one.
That's not how humans work.
Seems to be.
That's not how they're supposed to work, Papito.
Anyway, can you say hi to everybody?
I can't vibe out who's in the chat.
I'm gonna see Karkin.
I didn't burp because of your name.
I just do that.
Mr. Smith?
Vink? Great to see you, Vink.
I'm Apple Dappel.
I'm a Chihuahua.
I think...
What am I case?
You just say you're a dog.
Never forget that.
Apple Dappel, great to see you, butler's friend.
Tasty zero, live and flazy.
Two fist knives, sinister dev.
I'm gonna carry Vinkie for others.
Daedalus, card king, Matt LaDell.
Thank you. That's someone else's hand.
I do have paws just to remind everyone.
You do have a full dog body, actually.
I was always concerned, but I saw you recently running around.
I was like, you know what? Those are dog legs.
I was spoilers, case.
You can't prove that I have a dog body.
You say you're a dog.
You're saying I have a dog body.
Show beans?
When you're ready.
When you're ready to see these beans.
Don't make it like a peep show kind of thing.
You're making it that way.
I'm making it whatever way I want.
Alfresco.
Spicy.
Cold slop. The three cooking styles.
Alfresco spicy and cold slop.
The three methods of cooking.
I wasn't looking at a Pepito naked. He's just a dog in a jacket.
I always thought maybe he had squirming tentacles for legs, but he doesn't.
Nope, they're legs. I got dog legs.
Okay. That's sort of a relief, I guess.
Okay, well, let's talk to not whoever that old guy is.
About whatever's going on in the world today.
Let's just make sure everything is working the way it's meant to.
Okay.
Yeah, everything's back to normal, everybody.
That old guy's...
Old new guy's gone.
I'm assuming.
Okay, it's news time. Let's see what's going on in the world today.
Good to see you.
What a dapper day. How about you?
You know, seriously?
I was just... I had to do a job.
I figured I'd come down here and do it with all of you.
Okay.
What's your name? Walden Cronmister?
What?
What's wrong with my name being Walden Cronmister?
I don't know, man.
I'm not that old. I'm in my late 50s.
Okay, Walden, you can call me Cronmister.
I think I'll go with Walden or Walmister.
Why would you combine your first and last name?
Because...
Well, I mean, I said you could. I didn't say you had to.
Is this better?
What are you trying to do? Trying to make a face to you like?
This is how I handle babies.
That's the way I deal with babies.
And you seem like you maybe have a baby brain.
I have a fully adult brain, more or less.
Anywho...
Um...
What are we talking about today?
Is this good?
Anything spicy going on?
I mean, look, there's the protests that are getting a lot of national coverage.
Try to sound out each word.
That's what I do.
Okay.
LA on fire says news.
Our top story today, apparently,
everything is hurting in this town.
I just moved here. I didn't notice.
You just moved here.
It's the scariest protests ever based on...
I do live here. I haven't seen them.
You basically have to go downtown, currently.
Or select other places.
But there they are happening.
The city is on fire somewhere?
Is it burning somewhere?
Well, I mean, look, I mean, parts...
There were some fires.
I don't want to underplay it too much, but...
It is interesting seeing national coverage of a place where you live.
LA is just so big.
And like very... well, not very few, but honestly,
most people that say they live in LA don't live downtown.
It's more of like a financial district.
There are people who live downtown.
It's just like it's not necessarily the most popular place to live in Los Angeles.
So while there are like sporadic protests outside of downtown,
if you live in LA, for most people who live in LA,
unless you seek out the protests,
you're not really interacting with them.
Well, I'll say this. The traffic is...
Really slow traffic around here.
That's just how it always is.
Oh, I like this always. It's always like that.
You wonder if all the car fighters do all the...
Do all the city do car fires?
I mean, people set cars on fire in cities
to celebrate.
So yeah, there's car fires in all the major cities sometimes.
So what you're telling me is don't even worry about the protests at all.
They're not happening.
No, they are happening.
There has been some vandalism for sure.
But that is kind of the bulk of the coverage,
whereas I'd say the majority of the protests are peaceful outside of the cops bashing people's heads in.
And it's not as like city spanning, obviously,
as certain news sources seem to be reporting.
Why is the vandalism started by a police?
Come on now.
Well, that's not jump to conclusions about cops,
but the protesters.
They're dangerous.
No different than a sports championship win.
Well, a little less revelatory, I'd say.
Xander, thanks for hanging out.
You made it. You got to meet me.
Walden Kram, mister.
How many new people did Pipito hire?
I don't... I just... I walked in, I got the job.
I guess I interviewed really well with that.
Belgian boy?
You mean the talking little dog?
He's not a Belgian boy?
Did I say something wrong?
He's a talking dog.
Did you notice?
I just thought he was a little Belgian fella.
What's your news experience?
I read it. Some of it.
Mostly news about hot rods and not the hot rods you're thinking.
And also not penises.
A select snack only available in the Milwaukee suburbs.
Spicy bananas. They called them hot rods.
Okay, there's too much lore. I don't need a lore about you.
So what am I... just... okay, just read a story.
Just read a piece of news about this.
Tensions remained high in downtown Los Angeles
for a fourth straight day as protests against immigration and customs
enforcement, IEC for short,
gripped the city with demonstrations,
clashing with law enforcement,
and shedding vehicles on fire downtown.
I do think,
A, I'm hoping to go probably to protest this week.
Although I don't think I'll...
I would only really stream it if streaming it somehow felt useful in some way,
maybe just to have as many people documenting things as possible.
B, I think it's unfortunate that as soon as any property damage happens,
while thousands of people are in the streets,
that that's like the entire focus.
I'm a soft boy, that's true.
How soft? Can I take a nap on you?
Are you already propositioned? No, not... no.
I'm saying are you as soft as a comfortable pillow?
Because then you could sleep on yourself.
Spent a lot of money on pillows in my day.
Just trying to save you some money.
You're reading into it too much, okay?
Anyway, it really feels like the main reason the National Guard was even called in is to stoke tensions.
This basically feels like an extended campaign stop,
or it's like the Republican Party is basically clip farming,
by sending in the National Guard so that they can just get images of riot geared out policemen
and National Guardsmen beating in protesters who happen to maybe in some cases be waving like Mexican flags.
It basically feels like one giant IRL clip farming photo op for the fucking worst people on the planet.
Meanwhile, all the protesters are protesting something very legitimate.
So, this was a riot. January 6th was peaceful.
Well, you've seen the pictures. They were walking through the line ropes.
They were respecting decorum outside of those two people they stomped to death.
We've been told what would happen and then it happens. Yes.
Case is quite imposing, so perhaps he can have his handset of filming.
I know sometimes you're like, this makes feelings about going to a protest and then making it content.
Yummy content? Are you going to eat ice cream and do dances while you're yelling at our hard-working boys in blue?
Or are they in gray now? I haven't kept up with police colors over the years.
Yeah, I do agree to a fist knife and no comment on anything you said.
It basically feels like a giant attempt to just escalate the situation again and again and again.
But I mean, people aren't as dumb as I think the Trump administration thinks they are.
While there is a potential for things to escalate to a really violent level,
I think people are kind of aware that this feels like just one giant attempt to create a confrontation.
So, I mean, like in a lot of cases, in an ideal world, I guess there'd be a more organized protest.
It's still pretty stochastic and feels a little random right now.
But that's, you know, people are just doing what they can.
It's difficult to capture moments like this and translate the energy into like a more concerted effort towards a particular end.
But I do think widely civil disobedience in this case where completely non-violence in some cases,
if not citizens, people who are here illegally are just being violently deported at the express request of the presidential administration.
You know, like Stephen Miller literally saying go into the Home Depot and arrest people.
I think there has to be some kind of reaction. I'm glad that people are protesting.
But it could certainly get uglier because it seems like at least one side is very dedicated to trying to make it uglier.
They're raiding schools.
Well, I mean those kids, they need to pay attention. They're not raiding schools to make sure kids are paying attention.
Can you prove that?
They're not. They're doing it to deport people.
But maybe while they're there, they'll be like, young man, you want to grow up to be smart like me a cop?
Pay attention to your teacher while she's screaming. What are you doing?
What are you doing in my classroom? What are all of you doing? What? No.
His name is, that's just Jason. Why are you taking Jason? Pay attention.
Oh, Jesus. All right. Just what the school need more people with guns in them?
Listen, it takes a good cop with a gun to stop a bad cop with a gun.
What? I just mean if people don't like cops now, that means we need more good cops with guns to stop the bad cops with guns in schools.
I'm just trying to... You said we need more solutions and organization.
Well, what's more organized than cops?
Hey guys, it's Kendall.
Shit. Who's that walking over here?
Kendall needs a new battery.
Kendall!
Because her name is what?
Powered up.
Her name is what?
What's her name?
Kendall.
What the hell was that?
I'm gonna stream again last night and didn't?
Wait, she did stream. She streamed twice.
She literally streamed twice yesterday. Who? Kendall.
Kendall who's just here? What?
I guess I didn't introduce you. No. You didn't.
She's also gonna stream today supposedly.
Yeah, she streamed twice.
She did Marvel Rivals with me and Jackie Jing.
I think I hope I got her last name right.
You didn't get your notification. Me either. I guess I missed my invitation. I hadn't even met you. Just started today.
Oh yeah, my name is Walden Krammister. You introduced yourself. Yes, but just in case you forgot.
I like to say my name a couple of times.
In case anybody forgot what it is.
Yeah, it was pretty late. It was like around 10 p.m.
So anyway, the city's being destroyed by vandals is the main line.
That's not what I was talking about.
Well, yeah, but I'm going off what the news is saying.
Well, technically, we're also trying to do some form of news. That can't be what this is.
It's just like a poop contest. What? Is that what's happening here?
I've been around the block.
If I got hired to do a poop contest, I need the money.
How did Pepito find you? Hmm?
The Belgian boy. Oh, wait, dog, the Belgian dog.
What is a poop contest?
This isn't a poop contest because I'm not going to explain it.
I mean, I can guess it's more complicated than you think.
Where's our expert? What's the expert?
I just mentioned me.
Oh, do we miss an expert request before?
I don't. Oh, is this the request thing not available? I don't know.
Did I not do one the other day?
We talked to Ted Turner the other day, so I believe you can request an expert if you'd like.
Well, I'm here and I know a thing or two, but you don't even know about what.
Thanks.
Robert Walker was a controversial take on the situation.
Robert Walker has a controversial take on the situation that I would like to read.
Are you sure I'd like to read it?
Let me just get a sense of what that even means.
I kind of don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know who Robert Walker is in this context.
Jesus, I can't speak today. Get the marmalade out of your mouth.
What the marmalade?
Hmm.
Okay.
Anyway.
Unfortunately, there has been some pretty unsurprising records of violence already from the police.
I mean, the most popular shot people are passing around is of like a waymo on fire.
Is that related to the protest?
Living Sluzzy said Robert Walker likes to poop-poop-poop-poop-poop.
I see.
Israel, what happened there?
I haven't kept up with it.
Is anything going on there?
Yes.
I just, you know, you can't keep up with every little thing.
How did, I walked in and the dog said, did you like a job?
And I said, yes.
The flotilla was captured, yes.
If that's what you're referring to.
Greta Thunberg was closing the door real quick.
Loud neighbors.
Hey, is that you? Are you the loud neighbor?
Actually, yes, most of the time.
Anyway, the flotilla was basically the people on board were apprehended and are supposedly going to be imprisoned and then deported.
We might talk about that in a little bit.
But you know, I guess there's not much to offer on these protests other than, from me at least, other than when you see reports that they're insane and violent.
That hasn't been certainly my experience living in the city.
I haven't gone directly to the protests yet.
So if I do, then I'll have a better sense of it.
There's definitely been some vandalism, but they're pretty much as anytime a huge crowd of people is in the streets.
So I would just say, as you're seeing all of these reports of supposed overwhelming violence, I would just be a little bit.
I would use your judgment.
My judgment can come together for a protest, but won't vote.
I mean, I don't know what that means exactly.
Nobody who protests ever votes.
I am guessing a lot of the people protesting did in fact vote.
You know, here in Los Angeles, it tends to be a more liberal town.
So we don't tend to sway the national election one way or another, but willing to guess a lot of the people who protested did in fact vote.
Euler zero Panthers one. Thank you for the update.
It's a protest that covers maybe four square blocks in a city over a million people.
Yeah, and I mean, there's like, I've heard plans for protests in some other neighborhoods.
There might be one in Glendale.
I think on tomorrow or Wednesday.
I've been trying to find.
I mean, really, if I if I want to commit, I should probably just call off work and go to one.
Or I could go to one at night, but we'll see.
We will see if I go to one, I will at least report back on my experience.
So.
I keep reading.
Is there anything particularly interesting in the story?
Well, and on Monday, hundreds, if not thousands of people gathered hundreds to thousands, it's a crowd so big you can't even get a handle on.
If it's a lot of people or not, there are currently, yes, I think thousands of people in the streets.
But again, the crazy thing about all of this is there's been a tremendous amount of force called called in for at least for the history of this city is not that big of a protest.
It certainly doesn't like match the level of protesting that you saw in cities all over the nation for like, you know, BLM or like the COVID summer where they were like massive protests everywhere.
Way too much force.
The immovable force meets an object.
Yes, that is a little bit sort of what I think they're going for.
Anyway, on Monday, a lot of people were around.
Supposedly.
And where civil rights and labor leaders demanded the release of union leader David Huerta from federal detention after he was arrested during an immigration enforcement action on Friday.
He was later released on a $50,000 bond after the rally hundreds of protesters covered converge near the federal building.
And Gavin Newsom said Monday he was he's been informed that an additional 2000 National Guard troops are being sent to Los Angeles after the president who's Donald Trump.
In case anyone forgot he deployed 2000 troops.
They're going to do more troops.
People were saying they went to birthdays or barbecues like next block over from the citywide protest.
Yeah, I mean, again, LA is like, even if you live in any American city or you live in a city overseas, LA is like sprawling in a way what's considered Los Angeles is like a ridiculously large area for a city.
So you can people who say like I live in LA could just never interact with these protests at all.
Like I'm 30 minutes with traffic from downtown probably maybe depending on the day on some days two hours from downtown.
And unless again unless I make like a concerted effort to go to these protests, I won't see them at all.
It's like a giant fucking sprawling suburb basically with a relatively small actual like downtown center that in LA isn't that active.
Most of the action kind of happens elsewhere.
I live in this be Grendel.
I live in Houston that citywide protest is impossible.
You'd see it from space.
There is a chance again it depends on how outrageous the show of force gets.
If they keep calling in more troops and trying to like drum up more action here and then bigger violence pops off there's more like outrageous moments of police beating the shit out of people like this one.
Like a who where they've got it.
Oh, they just open their whack in them with canes and stopping him with horses.
This is I believe in the manual they say if there's one guy with a backpack you have no choice but to surround him with four horses and beat him with canes.
Yeah, that's the kind of is also an instance of them just shooting an Australian reporter with a rubber bullet.
For some reason we can probably find a video of that too.
Yep.
Pure class.
Our city's brave defenders.
And it is also worth noting that is not.
I believe that wasn't the National Guard that's been called in there.
They're honestly even more isolated.
They're basically gardening.
Well, at least as far as I know they're guarding like one federal building.
That was the classic LAPD who really could.
Based on the track record.
In fringe on the rights of protesters all on their own.
They really don't need the help of the National Guard.
That's a big compliment he's giving to the LAPD.
Did not mean it as a compliment.
Hmm.
Okay, what's this lady up to?
Other bullets at protesters moving them on through the heart of LA.
You just shut the fuck up.
He got confused because she paused.
He's like, I don't like breaks in my news.
I think he just, I mean what could possibly have been the rationale there was a lady with her back to him entirely.
With a full ass professional cameraman and a microphone.
What did he think?
Well, if I had to guess, I'd guess he thought.
I can get away with anything.
Yeah, that's probably, and I'm saying that's bad.
Hmm.
I'm staying neutral.
Perfect time to shoot.
Really.
Maybe he's just not good at flirting.
I don't think that's the problem.
Pretty accurate.
Pretty accurate though.
Could you have made that shot?
I don't think she's that far away.
Also rubber bullets can really do damage to people.
There's, I mean, in the leg, hopefully less, but can really actually do long-term damage.
This seems like a good time for me to, I'm getting a note to thank the subs.
That's, how is that a good time?
Xander, thank you again for checking out the stream and I'm learning all this on the fly, but 30 months and Jay Money.
Also 30 months as well.
And I don't know what that means, but I, it's, but thank you is what I would say.
Well, you're here, aren't you?
Thank you.
Yes.
Thank you, but a rubber bullets to the head killed a girl at the Red Sox Parade.
Is the Red Sox Parade part of the protests?
No, that's totally different city.
Hmm.
That was a test.
They killed a girl in Boston years ago.
Yeah.
I mean, people get killed all the time by rubber bullets if you shoot him in the head.
Hopefully in the legs she'll be fine, but she's going to have like a pretty fucked up Rooster While and it's obviously excessive force when it's literally a reporter just covering a national event.
Anyway, that's my feeling on the situation.
It's getting around the clock coverage.
There's basically a million helicopters circling four blocks in LA filming people that are vast, more or less peacefully protesting.
I'm sure we could find a live feed of it if we want.
Let's see.
Los Angeles protests live.
What do we got?
Here's the action.
Yeah, this is basically getting around the clock coverage.
So far, no use of those less lethal weapons mark.
Oh, this is tense.
Look at they got are those nerf guns?
Those are the rubber.
I'm assuming those are like the rubber bullet guns.
Like nerve.
No, no, no, much more dangerous than a nerf gun.
So there were wrong and it wasn't nerf or nothing.
Anyway, this is pretty par for the course just cops marching in on people just kind of generally trying to intimidate everyone.
There's a good old shove.
Just shoving people marching on them.
I was just going to say we should also reiterate that this started as a protest that at its peak, I think was maybe about 800 people strong in front of the federal building.
That crowd has dissipated on what you're looking at here is a fraction of what we started with.
This was an entirely peaceful protest up until about the last few minutes where they start to have these confrontations.
And now you have the confrontation with a lot more.
Look at these dangerous flag waving people looking at them.
And those protesters who are not so quick to go home and call it a day.
And this is the.
Well, I my my blood is flowing like crazy.
And I don't even have any holes in me right now.
I'm just I can feel that it wants to leak out my blood because this is some high octane stuff.
Channel five truck got vandalized.
Again, I mean, I just feel like every instance of vandalism is going to get tons of coverage and the innumerable instances of police, you know, shoving beating on people who are basically just standing there protesting will get as usual very little coverage.
Okay.
Oh yeah, she wait, right.
Prefer here.
She who does where you have any preferred pronouns.
Who's.
Okay, I think that'll do it for this for now.
It's like we already have a how to locked in.
So let's send it down to whoever's filling in for Jeb today, I guess we'll do a little bit more news.
You know, if anything else protest wise happens a particular note.
You know, we'll talk about that.
But again, I feel like the whole aim here basically of the administration.
Trying to up the ante here is to stoke these protests so that they can basically get clips of cops beating up people with Mexican flags.
That's my guess.
You know, you can ask Jeb's opinion on it, but he seems to still be missing.
So we'll see who we have filling in today and let's learn how to do a couple of things.
What the hell kind of demotion is this kicked off my own beat by some old kind of androgynous weird man.
Shubbed into a brown coat and told to go talk to a ghost.
Do they know who they're dealing with?
I happen to be a Jeff motherfucking ripple everybody.
But I guess I can learn to do basically anything and also there is a piece of wood staring at me.
Uh, yes, let me get my glasses.
Um, anybody seen my ghost glasses?
Guess this'll have to do.
Ah, these aren't my usual prescription.
Darn it, I can't see. Actually, I can't see it all because I'm in the wood.
I mean, I pretend to be surprised, but I've been working at this place for two years.
So whatever.
Have you seen my son?
He's got a really square face.
Well, kind of round actually.
And a big old nose.
And he likes to mutter things and cantations he calls them.
This music is so loud.
Uh, Jet?
Yeah, yeah, this is the brother of Jet Nogget.
Yeah, I bet.
No, that's my other son.
What?
The Jet Nogget?
No, I'm looking for Jeb.
You're confused with my, I have a really good son who's awesome.
This is the other one.
Jeb Nogget is related to the other son.
Nogget is related to Jet Nogget.
Yeah, that's your both my boys.
Okay, let's just, I'm supposed to click on videos and learn how to do things.
That's what I was told.
So we're just gonna ignore the ghost in the wood and oh my god, I'm in the wood.
Yes, obviously.
You're being ignored. Good luck.
Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah.
I'm gonna make noises if you try to do that.
You stopped immediately.
Oh, I can't keep it up.
All right, we're just gonna learn how to do some things.
And then I'm gonna collect a paycheck and get out of here.
I'll be in front of that.
Huff puff and blow, how to breathe correctly.
Intense workout.
Oh, through an intense workout.
Well, I work out my brain every time that I do the news.
So this applies. Let's see how we do it.
Hey, Chrissy K here with Chrissy K Fit.
Have you ever been at the gym working your hardest to keep up with the class,
but you just huff and puff and blow your own self down?
Well, no more.
Here's a quick fit tip for smooth and efficient breathing to help you through your workout.
For equal breathing, match an equal length, inhale to an equal length exhale.
Using the diaphragm, the most efficient breathing muscle, not the chest.
Here's a series of exercises demonstrating this technique.
The move that requires the most exertion is when you exhale and then inhale on the return.
Apply this technique in your daily workout routine.
Let me know in the comment section if you noticed an improvement in your endurance.
As always, follow me on Twitter and Instagram at Chrissy K Fit 1.
Remember to subscribe and thanks for the thumbs up.
Peace.
That was a fun sign out.
I like the sign out.
She's a lovely lady.
But she's wrong. What?
Yeah, you don't breathe evenly.
It's tiny breaths in, long breaths out.
That way you train your body to operate off less oxygen, which improves your cardio.
You know, I haven't had lungs in a while, but I feel like that's got to be wrong.
Really? Then watch this. Until you run out of breath.
But the breath shouldn't be longer than a tiny millisecond of inhale.
Well, I'll let you decide, Chad, what you think is right.
The one that'll kill you or what he's doing.
Only kill you if you haven't trained your body to handle not breathing.
All right. Let's see what else we've got.
I'm providing helpful feedback here.
Sometimes you have to learn from Jeff Ripple.
How to make suppositories.
These things can be really expensive.
Spending thousands of dollars just to shove some Tylenol up your ass.
How would I make my own ass Tylenol? Thank you very much.
Let's see how to do it.
I'm going to teach you today how to very quickly, easily with no musts and no fuss.
Make suppositories.
All you really need is a glass measuring cup, a tablespoon,
some coconut oil, organic, and whatever essential oils you want to use.
And the all important blister pack.
This blister pack is just from a generic decongestant that I bought.
I popped out the capsules, threw them in the trash.
Okay.
And now I have a blister pack, which will serve as a mold for my suppositories.
All right.
So you're going to get a tablespoon of coconut oil.
Let's double speed this.
You're going to put it in your measuring cup.
I feel like I get where it's headed.
Just let it come to room temperature.
Melt it.
And then you want to add whichever essential oils that you want.
So I'm going to do a respiratory blend today.
So I'm going to use some raven, which is great for that type of thing.
Total, I want about 20 to 25 drops of oil.
So I'm going to use three different oils today.
So I'm going to put eight drops of raven in here.
So you're mostly freezing oil to shove up your ass?
And then any power.
I'm going to do eight drops of any power.
I'm going to use the wrong oil.
So if you're dealing with bacteria, some viruses and things like that in your
body, how does this work?
Let's go to the next batch.
So I store them right in the zip lock bag and you can make different sizes.
I've got two different sizes here for children and adults.
You just can use them very quickly and very easily.
Of course they'll melt quickly.
So you don't want to hold them very long.
I'm going to put them back in the freezer.
That's where I'm going to store them.
They're ready.
They'll stay here indefinitely and be good to go whenever you might need them.
It's nice to make them some head of time sometimes when you've got little
ones in the house and you can use them within every few hours that you need to,
especially if they've got any respiratory anything coming around.
Does just freezing things count as a pill?
Can I just like dump some oil in a little pill sized hole and then whenever my wife
asks for a Cedrin just be like, here you go.
You mean any oil?
Yeah, you know, any old oil and like it's a really cold Tylenol.
It's a cold Cedrin, but it's mostly just frozen canola oil.
No, don't do that.
It just seems like you could kind of put whatever in there.
All right, fine.
I'll only do it for ass pills because I've spent a fortune on the pro oil that you shove in your ass.
It seems like pretty much anything goes.
Peanut oil when you want to cook a turkey.
I don't know.
I'm not sure about this advice today, but I am apparently dead.
You're dead and you're trapped in what?
Oh my God.
Oh yeah, that seems really accurate.
All right, let's do one more.
How to make jellyed eels?
What the hell?
Chest voice, how to find it?
Well, personally, I always speak from my diaphragm as they suggested earlier with your deep breathing.
The most powerful breath muscle, your diaphragm.
All right, let's see how to speak with our chest voice though.
If we really want to blow out our vocal chords.
Boo boo boo boo.
Hello singers, Falkner again.
Welcome.
You know, today we're going to talk about something that's very interesting to me, chest voice.
Chest voice is a really wonderful quality and it basically the quality of voice with which you speak.
Many people find it really difficult to understand that you can use your speaking voice as a singing voice.
So there are many women who sing and they bring the falsetto quality way down because they think they should sound like this when you sing.
And so when you get them to sing a more aggressive sound, it just sounds wrong to them.
But it's a necessary part of the voice.
Now, what happens is they get so stuck in this that it's hard for them to take that energetic sound
and they want this strong R&B sound or rock sound or something that's got energy to it.
They just can't get it because they're not in their chest voice.
And they don't have the foundation of the rest of the voice.
I'm all chest.
Of course, granted, there are many women who've been trained to sing this beautiful soprano in a quasi falsetto quality.
And what you can tell is quasi falsetto because when they come down,
instead of coming landing down, for example, if I went, you can hear the lances of your speaking voice,
but they won't go, that means that the chords were not fully abducted.
So they had to switch their structure in order to achieve the lower notes.
So I don't know if that's really necessary because there are some wonderful sopranos.
I think of Gilda Cruz Romo or somebody like Marilyn Horn,
two beautiful classical singers, but they use their chest voice and their voice is just wonderful.
So if you're having trouble getting that lower part of your voice going, what can you do?
Well, there are certain things you have to do and you've got to get tough.
You're going to have to start in your speaking voice, say, ah, ah, ah.
But not to straight out of your mouth because what ends up happening is the opposite of what we want to have happen
is that the soprano will start to go, ah, I'm pulling up too much of the mouth resonance.
You want a balance always, right?
So we want a mixture.
But how?
You talked in our video about mix.
So when you hear, ah, I want a kind of a duck sound in the chest voice.
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
The man voice will be like, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
The woman here is quite low for most women and they're women who can get lower.
lower but the whole point is you've got to get the voice down into that chest area and get the
chords to adduct if you don't do that you ain't gonna make it this doesn't answer all your vocal
questions you mean i'll die this is just one solution there are many other suggestions that
could be brought forward like what so please subscribe to my youtube channel or visit my
website triple w dot three is holding back the good stuff because really all i did all he said was
to make crazy noises you have to make your vocal flaps abduct where in your chest throat ah
chest that's how i warm up my vocal chords i really try to say my name a lot
and by then i'm good to go as you can clearly tell
god i love to hear myself talk and you could also say that i love ripples
what because of the nature of them i like undulating motions and also because it's my
motherfucking last name someday we'll find jeb so that the rest of us can stop doing this but until
then i've been jeff ripple bye bye what the fuck what is the spirit of jeb trying to
it possess you for a minute there what do you mean look we're done for the day all right bye bye
a ghost in the ripple i guess so whatever the hell that thing was supposed to be um okay we're gonna
get ahead of it today and do a little bit of uh my reality is breaking down a little bit
we're gonna get ahead of it today and do our little news round up oh freaking well i give up um
so pito is is anyone else available that isn't whoever that other guy was i use
i use jeff for the last thing you used if you're the one who decides yeah i decide everything around
here i use him for the last thing so i'll get you someone go for this next time
okay just one of the normal people please thank you also be going amongst the web after this
but for now let's do a little more news why not it's still your desire don't let them take it from you
pito i literally just hey there hey there friend hi did you recently get hired by a dog
ding ding ding um i should really take back a little bit of the hiring power here shouldn't i
am i supposed to be doing something am i did i upset you somehow
because i'm just here to be a friend you're to be a friend i was hired to be your friend
sorry did he say i'm hiring you to be that guy's friend pointed right at you so why don't we become
pals we're actually what we do here is sort of read the news hmm i can do that make up with joker
is there's juicy chat yeah i can see everything you're saying let me have it really tell me what
you think i love feedback i'm missing sammy too hmm who's sammy that's my middle name actually
what's your full name edward samuel demure spelled dh mer dammer demures how it's french
some people call me samuel but i don't like that sam was my dad's name you prefer ed or just
eddie and again i'm the son of sam sam was made okay yeah i get it what are you doing um all right
well look we do like a little news rundown um and just so you know the dog makes a lot of promises
but i can't promise that i can use you every day that's what he promised though i just it's probably
it's probably not hmm i don't like it when people break their promises to me uh okay well we'll we'll
sort that out later um do you see all the stories okay let's see a lot of little stories in here
a little buttons to click on clicking on them i'm clicking on that there's a lot of stuff to
click on here okay there's maybe a sammy filter in the jeb hunt i actually know where the sammy
filter is it just doesn't work who what are you talking about just keep clicking on the stuff
okay clicking on those sorts of things
okay gotta click on that i'm glad that you enjoy the process of clicking really love to click
that's a good click okay oh gotta click on that one and click on that one too
okay i clicked on a lot of them it felt good play my theme song let's get into the news
could speed that up a little i think would be my my only note if you're taking notes
i'm not fair enough okay um all the news let's have you read it thank you for using my name
congratulations on joining the team so i have for today all trump has done is added extra unnecessary
policemen from the california national guard against governor nuisance wishes subject to
all the same laws as the la pd not martial law because once martial laws declared
you're legally allowed to do anything and i'm waiting no that's not that's not even true for
cops and definitely not true for you ed it's true if you don't get caught okay yep okay um
let's just move on from that one leaders of orgasmic meditation women's wellness company
one taste convicted enforced labor trial seems normal to me wait what what does it mean
the leaders of a sex focused women's wellness company that promoted orgasmic meditation have
been convicted of federal forced labor charges a brooklyn jury on monday found nicole did own
dead one dead one you know they say names are predictive of what you'll do and everyone's gotta
that one's a ding ding ding okay thanks ed for for that uh founder of one taste ink and rachel
churwitz the california-based companies former sales director guilty uh they found guilty after
deliberating for less than two days they argued the two women ran a years-long scheme that groomed
adherence many of them victims of sexual trauma to do their bidding yeesh i guess it's another sex
cult diamond dozen these days you want to brainwash people and you try to make it a sex thing you're
doing it on easy mode the secret is if you really think about it everything's a sex thing back to you
oh jesus okay pepita we're gonna have to talk about this guy um all right sly stone leader of
funk revolutionary slay sly and the family stone unfortunately passed at 82 thoughts and prayers
the family of sly stone do they i i never know like we can remember band names very well
so as we love playing copyrighted music here no sex cult sub goal again that's if you're
gonna start a cult that's a little old hat at this point start a hat cult if you can pull that
off now you've got my attention all right um i mean i guess old music really is better it was
it really was um okay 432 robots move 7500 tons building in chinese city sorry 432 robots move oops
i gotta go actually i have to run for a second um listen to this hot track i don't even have a hot
track to play for you i like hey candle candle i'm gonna get candle looking over here while i run and do
this thing what is dj callid's favorite number s a1 no mr whoopee boo boo it's 11 because another one
eldrick get out sorry eldrick i didn't mean you i'm at school my bad anyway that's my
my number one joke to tell and i have another joke that i learned when i was probably like 11
that will never leave me but it's like so inappropriate and stupid do you guys want to hear it
it's like really stupid and like literally like offensive and inappropriate and stupid okay here
we go this is what i learned when i was like 11 ish guys okay buying like an adult an adult
was like i'm gonna tell like a 10 11 12 year old this joke so a fat black guy rubs a lamp and pops out
a genie and the genie goes you have three wishes what do you want and the fat black guy says i want to
be white thin and surrounded by pussy and then the genie goes poof you're a tampon and some adult
decided to tell me 10 11 12 year old me that joke and that was my first inappropriate joke my whole
life and i was i will never forget it i know right like it was in a i don't know if i don't know if
this matters but it was one of my like fake family friend uncles and he was like a thief of mine but
he was like the husband of one of my teeth those you know what i mean so like he was a family friend
that i would only see at family reunions big gatherings anyway that's that's what i learned
okay stay there for a second no i don't want that one i don't want that one that was scary what do you
mean i don't like that one okay okay okay i don't like that one i don't hate that i looked at it and was like
shit it's disgusting it's a little disgusting isn't it it is a little disgusting okay what are you
guys talking about uh nothing yeah the food's out there it's in the bag all right by the
come watch my stream kennel's gonna be on at 6 30 and we'll raid her shortly after she starts
what were you guys talking about what was disgusting why did you say you have to go i was
going to get some food that got delivered you said you had to run to is a false alarm
i thought cuz i was appearing on a screen somebody had ordered food for me but nobody knows
to my address to order the food all good okay um 432 robots move 7500 ton building in china
to make way for new construction that seems like more robots than i'm used to how many robots are
you used to three weirdly specific let's see them move them i like the little movements
strong but subtle movements almost like the building is sneaking it's tiptoeing
if i'm not very satisfying maybe we don't need your commentary on the next video we happen to watch
i thought it was nice until you said anything actually honda parking robots take over smart
office building in soul and we do have another video okay yeah we'll we'll check it out then
i love the precision okay yeah that's fine i'm sure you liked aspects of it the precision yes i got it
okay um warner brothers after merging just a little while ago already splitting up nothing is really
meant to last everything eventually gets carved up all right all right man warner brothers discovered
a split into two companies streaming and studios and global networks warner brothers is officially
splitting into two separate companies or as it's soon to be called i guess just warner no brother
it might still be i think it's going to be warner brothers and then maybe discovery as a
separate company the david zaslav led conglom had signaled the move with an internal reorganization
that grouped its businesses into streaming and studios and global networks streaming in
studios and global networks those are the separation points i like to be precise about what i'm separating
okay i'll just finish reading this a bit earlier than expected it announced the separation will
become an actual split along with all the lines of what comcast has underway spinning out its cable
networks from nbc universal in a seismic reconfiguration of the us media business so wait are they not
going to be like they're not going to be under one giant conglomerate it's going to be two
separate giant conglomerates well let's find out because a corporate demerger i don't think that's
is that allowed there was like um there's been some antitrust movement with various media
companies so maybe this is like a a move to keep them from getting in trouble with the government
um debunking doomsday guy is that you i can't tell i don't know
i believe in doomsday it's on the bennews articles channel on the discord oh okay
that's from the protest i'm assuming unless they want me to use some tear gas no i think that's
from the protest he almost looks like jim parson's really do you look like jim parson's
i kind of see it see what see what what are you looking at do you ever say bazin go
i've never said that it's a silly word it doesn't even exist it's a just a catch phrase from a
unfortunately quite popular sitcom i don't believe in that
clowakia i do love to say that that's my catch phrase clowakia clowakia clowakia
uh there's that's one thing i learned from carmine gallo and pam kruger on the money machine
on tech tv clowakia okay you can stop saying it's my catchphrase
oh that is an important part of any media personality's presentation is a catchphrase so i'll give you that
trumps dangerous decision to support anti-ice protests with troops oh yeah i did and i can see
how people would think that's dangerous but there's danger everywhere i don't really actually need
your thoughts on the protests i've decided executive decision there um
um what name will hbo go by next discovery maybe just sort of round robin this warner brothers gets
to become warner max discovery becomes home biome optimization because it's sciency
and those are science words it is enough and then hbo becomes discovery or boner max
i actually like that you like boner max it's got bone in it doesn't it
i know how i come off okay i'm glad i'm glad to hear that what's gonna happen to aew i need my
flippy shit is that part of streaming or is that part of what was the other one strategy
yeah wait what were the dude what was the differentiation again it was like streaming and
and actually one sounded like just this is our media arm and then the other one kind of sounded like
okay i'm okay now i'm now i'm confused i gotta scroll back through here um okay streaming in
studios and global networks i that's who even knows what they fucking mean by that there was a
story that shareholders voted against david's laz off 52 million pay package nearly 60 thought he was over
paid hey i would have i would have voted in the same direction as well uh this admin seems like they
care about antitrust yeah i doubt it but i do know that there had been an antitrust lawsuit so
well i guess let's actually read this story a bold a bold call out for me to actually scroll
through the story slightly uh the cultural significance of this great company in the
impactful stories it has brought okay just that's bullshit from zaslove uh zaslove's new streaming
in studios outfit will consist of warner brothers television warner brothers motion pictures dc studios
hbo and hbo max so i think that would keep aew with that part global networks meanwhile will
include premier entertainment sports and news okay now i am confused i don't oh and brands around
the world including cnn tnt sports in the u.s and discovery so wait maybe aew would be off of max
then because i believe currently they're on tnt so if you're dividing these down the middle
it could also i mean well they've got like a deal signed currently so i guess it would have to go
to one half i don't think they could like renegotiate i don't think aew could renegotiate to like
separate from this bizarre entity that they're spinning these companies out too so i guess it
would go with the discovery plus streaming service the profitable discovery plus streaming service
and bleacher report discovery plus was profitable that's the most surprising thing in this story of
all but i guess it was raking news rfk junior fighters all vaccine experts at fda ncdc
oh jesus christ all right let's see rfk news oh great look at this healthy guy oh Jesus
we really are living in a dick tracy cartoon health secretary robert of kenny jr on monday
removed every member of a scientific committee that advises the center for disease control
and prevention on how to use vaccines and pledge to replace them with his own picks
oh major physicians and public health groups criticize the move to us all 17 members of the
advisory committee on immunization practices kennedy is one of the nation's leading anti-vaccine
activists before becoming the nation's top health official in case you forgot ap's got our back
to remind us of that that's a shame when people are anti-science because you can do all sorts of
science on the body and you can prove what works and what doesn't i gotta talk to bapito about you
um all right brief check in with the gretta thunberg situation thunberg what happens next to
gaza flotillas medline and its crew the medline maybe saying that wrong too was stopped by israel
on its way to gaza this is from elgis era israeli forces intercepted the medline aid ship the
early hours of monday morning as it approached the shores of gaza in an effort to distribute
badly needed aid they can't let that kind of thing in their aid actually i have no comment on this
that whole situation is kind of fucked up even for me okay the ship has drawn international
media attention since it sets sail from katania italy about a week ago as it near the shores
of gaza speculation was rife about how these rallies would respond and they responded by
arresting everybody basically um israeli drones encircle the medine medline i should have watched
any article to uh any any coverage of this to know how that's pronounced the drones began
spraying it with a white paint like substance before commandos eventually took hold of this
incredibly dangerous ship full of food just food seemingly just food although last time they um
you know droned one of these freedom flotillas they like pulled out all the kitchenware and stuff
and spread it over a table and we're like look at all this dangerous weaponry we extracted from
these terrorists kitchen knives a couple of screwdrivers a wrench those can be dangerous weapons in
the right hands yes yeah i'm sure that's what they're being used for uh we had been thinking
about having well what lady citrix we didn't think about having a baby that will not be
that will not be happening because of rfk having too much power and what he's doing with it
i'm sorry to hear that that would be a deterring factor though i understand why
um yeah that's i mean you know i it's uh easy to be dismissive of um just how fucked up
uh the government is in general and how it seems like it's just constantly a huge shit show but
this is a nice reminder about how uh specific power brokers can have a real influence on people's
lives especially when they're just insane red lake dads that have been put in charge of an extremely
essential node of the entire government health is so important yes we agree israeli forces they
intercepted the medlene the ship is drawn in a national media attention yes we all know that i
believe also there was a video of grata that she might have recorded right before they were
arrested i think right now what the specifics of what's going on with them might not be
entirely clear other than that they're in custody i guess of the idf and i believe they've
said that they're planning on essentially deporting them um if they do that that would be
probably in their best interest to like not fuck with these people and beat them up and
potentially murder some of them which is a thing they've done with um like aid flotillas in the
past so if they show that level of restraint i guess i'd be glad at least that they're not
fucking with these people harder but again they've uh tactically ascertain and rated a boat full
of food because they can't allow that kind of thing in apparently i had no idea who the head of
the hhs was in the last admin weird huh yeah i guess i also don't remember i think at some point i did
but yeah yeah he's at least making a name for himself i guess we could say that
anywhere here's gretta i believe uh just before the ship was raided
my name is githa to me and i am from sweden if you see this video we have been intercepted and
kidnapped from times entertainment okay i kind of prefer that they just play the video
let's see if they actually play the video this music is kind of insane
oh it's the times of india my name is githa to me and i am from sweden if you see this video
we have been intercepted and kidnapped in international waters by the israeli occupational
forces or forces that support israel i urge all my friends family and comrades to put pressure on
the swedish government to release me and the others as soon as possible okay i'm going to see if i
can find her video without the um insane splashy graphics um and intense background music oh facebook
was sweden if you put pressure on i think there's another video we don't necessarily have to show
it but they basically like sprayed them with some kind of white substance i guess to subdue the
ship before they raided it even though there's plenty of videos of this crew being like if we get raided
we're not we're totally practicing non-violence we're not going to resist anything we're just
trying to deliver food um but you know they've made a show about how they're going to apprehend them
and arrest them and deport them and i'm just hoping uh that whoever's interacting with this crew
um has the pr sense of mind to not like physically assault them in really over the top ways or worse
i suspect that's what will happen because there's like an international celebrity aboard um but
i wouldn't put any type of violence past them so i'm hoping we don't have like worse updates about
this story but the way this has been reported on um and a lot of stuff i've seen uh i'd say
um de-emphasizes how ridiculous it is uh that they can't sell any type of aid in there
i you know i guess you could argue like well you can't illegally enter any country without
being apprehended but this was like a much more high-profile um thing than just some random
person like sneaking into a country so then making a show out of like aggressively denying
an aid ship from entering their borders being lauded as some kind of self-defense move from them
i think is pretty ridiculous um israel has been known for its pr the last two years that's a good
point yeah i mean i'm just hoping that these people don't get you know i i prefer no violence be
happening to anyone so i've seen some like i mean you know like lindsay grandlord already said hope
you learn how to swim and i've seen like i think there was a clip of joe rogan and his
his like goon squad laughing about how stupid these people are for trying to do a pr stunt during like
into a war zone i mean i don't know anybody taking any kind of action at this point to try to
create any movement in this situation i'm in favor of and i'm not gonna like mock some
international celebrity for trying to do something at least um so we'll see we'll see what happens
mm-hmm you zoned out the whole time yeah i kind of zoned out there i'm just thinking about all
sorts of stuff okay we only got a couple more stories left let's see what else has been shared with us
um what is this what army video of tanks headed for dc parade appears to show
hang fouchy tanks being transported to the national capital for the army's upcoming oh the
fucking trump parade oh god this is another ghoulish thing we're all gonna have to witness
in the upcoming months i forgot about the goddamn like 50 million dollar trump birthday parade that
they're gonna put us all through and that's gonna get tons of coverage despite everything
don't worry i can cover this one army parade tanks will be a 70 ton test for dc streets
mm tanks scheduled to roll along the national mall in june parade for the army's 250th birthday
and also i think trump's getting a little piece of that action too are nearly double the
weight limit allowed on dc roads for the spectacle saturday oh boy it's coming right up which is also
president donald trump's 79th birthday the big seven nine thousands of soldiers dozens of tanks
and more than a hundred other vehicles are scheduled for a procession on constitution avenue
trumple just parked those tanks there for the next eight years just in case
well they'll probably end up sinking into the dc metro if they're not careful
it's apparently the streets aren't prorated for giant fucking tanks to roll over them
you really feel like in dc it'd be the number one place to get tank ready maybe it's like a trap you
know i mean i don't think he needs tanks to seize to seize power guys unfortunately he's already
he's already there he certainly is but a couple tanks never heard anything i think they specifically
hurt things okay robert inventor dot sub-stack we've got a lot of robert inventor stories i need
to figure out who this is this is like a major media figure ukraine destroyed russia's strategic
bombers to stop them when uh about to fire over 100 conventional cruise missiles at ukraine
putans bombers are safe if he stops using them to attack ukraine yeah i mean we'd
i someone was asking like i have a fairly dark gaza video to share i mean they're all pretty
fucking dark at this point um we're always in the weird spot on this particular show of covering
occasionally serious news stories in ways that can feel a little frivolous what do you mean
um so you know i don't know i try not to like show videos of violence and stuff uh but hey if it's
you know i'm certainly down to to talk about almost anything so feel free to share it and
maybe we can watch it the world's in a great place this is a particularly relentless assault
of news today i guess it always is but um maybe just that little insert of the art of the breaking
rfk story really made things feel a little bit extra dark feed today i bet there's at least one or
two stories about like a a new jelly you can jam into your penis or something to really bring us back
from the brink here but we'll find out f a a to eliminate floppy disks sorry guys the news doesn't
get any better um no boys just when i said it we could get light again immediately this
i live in dc so how is it in la right now since we are next honestly pretty mild so if this is what
you get in dc then just size it down to about a block i guess uh chuck schumer has a strongly worded
letter about this oh i'm sure his famous letters have they've moved mountains he's written a
letter to a mountain and it's gonna it could it could move eventually f a a to eliminate floppy
disks sorry i had to take a break in this headline because it was just so dark and twisted uh used
an air traffic control systems window 95 windows 95 also being phased out nothing gets to last damn it
had such a good run 30 years of windows 95 at the f a a i was i think i talked about this
once on the other stream i used to on a different stream i used to get annoyed at airports like
anybody because you go up to like the people at their kiosk and you're like i need to change a
flight i need to do anything they're like and then they're just typing insanely for like 10 minutes
as i was like what the fuck are these people doing but it turns out when i got older and looked into
it um they just they just have an insanely outdated system and they have to essentially know like
not a full coding language but they basically have to creatively use a bunch of insane commands
to try to do anything uh like even basic things using the f a a officially regulated
like ticketing system that they all are required to use so like all of air traffic control has
basically been running yeah exactly card card king unlike q basic and that's the reason if you try
to interact with someone at a kiosk in an airport at all uh it feels like you're in the hyper dmv
and that they're just doing this to you the whole time but it's honestly it's actually not their fault
so maybe this could be an actually positive story you know i just feel bad for those little floppy
disks wasting away maybe we could preserve them cover them in some kind of formaldehyde like
situation but for floppy disks maybe cloaca the head of the federal aviation administration
just outlined an ambitious goal to upgrade the u.s. air traffic control atc system and bring it into the
21st century according to npr soon to be defunded uh most atc towers and other facilities today
feel like they're struck they're stuck in the 20th century with controllers using paper strips and
floppy disks to transfer data while their computers are in the windows 95 era yada yada what are they
going to do though the aviation industry put up a coalition pushing for atc modernization
called modern skies all right unfortunately upgrading the atc system isn't as simple as
popping it into a into a nearby microsector and buying the latest and greatest gaming pc
all right tom's hardware aside from the upgrades uh to this critical infrastructure should be
resistant to hacking and other vulnerabilities as even a single breach could cripple the nation
costing time money and lives and famously nothing is more secure than 30 year old windows
95 software there's no cracking that nut i guess it's i mean i don't know enough about
safety to actually know that yes yeah are you live yet oh you're already live we're gonna go
amongst the web and they're gonna read candle yeah if you guys just let me know i'm fine with
whatever i don't have anything after i stream i don't know i think so we might play more split
fiction we were playing that last night split yes split fiction oh fiction yes um
okay well look it's mostly a good story half the story is about them upgrading it and half of it
is about how it's impossible to upgrade so maybe we'll get something in the middle oh we could get
windows vista yeah maybe maybe they'll split the difference on it being impossible to upgrade and give
us like windows 2005 she's gonna play repo and i think she's already live so we're gonna hurry up
here in fact i think i gotta turn on these segments requests off what we're gonna do amongst the
web and then get out of here for the day the split fiction runoff floppy disks maybe i think i downloaded
the steam version but maybe i could get the floppy version okay let's continue the dark feed today
the feed is a little dark Brazilian comedian sentenced to eight years in prison for bigoted
jokes uh Rio de Janeiro standing before the audience in a red shirt and blaze and okay wait
let me see if i can get the actual story pulled up here we have to withhold
our support for this guy depending on the joke although i don't think people should be
jailed uh for free speech fight well for doing free speech um can i even look at this the
washington post doesn't want me to know we might have to grab this from a different source one
second as soon as the story starts with like a description of the room i'm always like
red lake nation news yes oh they're not they're not i don't know about the find out
okay kendall might be playing split fiction you need to find some more reliable streaming friends
i'm afraid i'm calling them all out uh Brazilian comedian sentenced to eight years in prison for
bigoted jokes okay what's the joke though this is just a link to the washington post story
why okay facebook might have my back here or not um i think i can't talk about this because i
can't access the story okay here we go yahoo news has my back it turns out oh god listen to this
opening thing though somebody ought to tell bill marin robsche and i know that the real cancel
culture is in brazil okay yahoo news that's a good one can i always check my space yeah
earlier this week uh comedian leo linds received his punishment for a comedy special that targeted
black people obese people and elderly people um with hiv homosexuals evangelicals evangelicals
indigenous communities people from the impoverished northeast okay whatever uh another court wait um
federal court in saupal a rule that linds right to freedom of expression was not absolute
and cannot be used as an excuse to make hateful prejudice and discriminatory remarks
i guess we'd have to know the remarks which i might not be able to read
another court ruled that uh his special perturbador it translates to disturbing okay
i'm not in favor of this guy being jailed however naming your comedy special disturbing
it's a little caution tape over the mouth so maybe i just be in favor of him getting
some bad reviews but uh probably not the jalling part anyway it's being removed from youtube you
can't find it there the mass dissemination of the jokes was considered an aggravating factor the
jokes themselves the translated versions seem more clumsy than thorny okay get a load of this winner
i'm fat i love eating and hate working out how am i gonna lose weight get aids don't you love
eating everything go sleep with unprotected gay men it'll work eventually i have to stick to my
own standards here i guess and not advocate for this guy going in jail but that's pretty
i'm not like offended i'm just like that is what he's the um who's that guy who is yelling at people
in the philippines um oh god what is his name the fucking bald weirdo that was just screaming it
and like harassing random people on the streets of philippines in the philippines and might be in
jail now uh i think some like russian guy or something well he's that guy he's the comedy
version of that guy so if you're a fan of that type of thing okay well i get it he said he said a
bunch of really shitty probably offensive jokes i refuse to watch special though on ground
of it sounding awful but he probably shouldn't be thrown in jail maybe just don't watch his stuff
i guess would be my would be my prescription which i'm going to i'm going to follow that advice and
not do it is this story about case telling a bad joke in a brazilian accent you did was that a brazilian
accent that was my closest brazilian accent this is me doing a brazilian accent i think that's maybe
more offensive i don't know new sub goal yeah i do is whole set for free speech i i don't think i'd be
willing to do that uh amazon testing humanoid robots to deliver packages okay we caught up
we already covered that one actually so we made it we freaking made it guys
i could i must maybe i skipped i might have just accidentally skipped all the fun stories but
i could have sworn there was a penis one in there do you lost your penis
is that that's me trying to do a joke you lost your penis where is it
where is it so how'd this go i'm gonna level with you man i think you might be one of the worst
ones we've ever had top or the bottom i'll take it okay um great let's send it to the web
he failed the audition i'll be back i don't i don't know if you will the dog said i would be
it's it is kind of to me it is secret it's secretly my stream it's the dog stream he said so
and never you want to greed okay it's a little bit the dog stream but i still have some say don't
worry he can't keep me away forever that's all the time we have for today we now send it to
amongst the web you need a better sign off that's jeff everybody has bad sign off but that one
bye yes a little sense of normalcy around here me just kind of chilling out big dog style
hand in the pocket case looking a little stiff here you doing all right buddy you know i'm actually
relieved to see you check it's nice to just have any of the usuals on well i was bit i would have
done the first segment but i'm fucking bit i'm like i barely showed up for this i'm just
fucking ripping and roaring i got so much shit to do you thought he was ending okay bye no wait
we're gonna do a couple of videos then we're gonna rate kendall who might be playing a game with friends
are her friends being me does kendall have no friends no she had you don't play this
sad music kendall does have friends does kendall lie about having friends no she has
it's just streaming schedules are crazy that's so sad it's really hard to make friends it's not
it's not that hard kendall if you need a new boyfriend or someone to cry to a new boyfriend
you need a different boyfriend or someone that really gets you and cares about what you're going through
i will cuck case i don't i'm right here i know look at him he's right here
and look at the two of us side by side and ask you what are you move man you are so
unrelaxed you're gonna get cuck so hard by me if you don't if you don't look cooler and move
i'm just trying not to pull focus when you're talking classic case stuff you can't just
you can't just say you're gonna you can't call your shot like that like you gotta you gotta make
a move that's what romance is all about i'm you know kendall he's a lovely lady i'm just making
the offer she can say no she would say no you sure i'm actually very confident not that i need to
speak for her but just don't bother kendall i shot my shot and i'm waiting to hear the swish so
the ball's in the air but it's also in your court i'm done playing games i'm offering every woman on
the planet to date me if you look kendall i would say you're special but it's an open offer to any
woman i'm shooting my shot the most efficient way possible any woman who sees this you can have this
all right chat i think you're just going through something right now i've been going through
all sorts of things for a long time and this is the solution shot shoot it at everyone numbers game
exactly and now the number is infinity or eight billion or however any women there are eight
billion people maybe i should just widen it out to everybody but traditionally i am like
really straight okay that's fine shot oh man what are we doing we're supposed to watch you know i
always said it was nice to have you here and then you go and do this it's been a while since i've
seen a cloaca i don't even know man yeah and i'll touch any part of it that's a chicken part
that's no way to talk about women's parts dude um let's see it's time to watch a couple of videos
it's part of a lizard now he's calling them wizards that's nuts dude that is nuts some of us
actually respect the way cuz um okay this is another this is one of the many women that i just
gave an open invitation to date me to because it's a woman yeah i'd offered it to all women so
it's that's not her own is under defining quality is that i've offered to date her but i have
they're never gonna almost no one's gonna see this chat but just in case bad dog what's your
people doing to my leg sorry he's a minute yet i know you want me you know i want you that fucking
rod i've seen actually a couple of those there's another one he like pops up over a fence pretty good
it's also a Vin Diesel costume i think that's any bald guy that costume works for any bald guy
but if you do a pit bull song it's pit bull whoa just got a glimpse of the next video's thumbnail
i don't know if we can show it so we're showing it i think it's fine to show it actually
that's a seven i don't think that's a rating for pit bull it's a rating for the video
because pit bull is a classic he's a 10 pit bulls a 10 i was one time a cruise ship where pit bull
norwegian cruise lines the gem pit bull was the one who christened the ship so there were pictures
of pit bull all over one of the lounges and there was a drink called mr worldwide and the drink was
actually pretty good they gave pit bull a solid one for his special cruise ship drink he never
appeared himself on the cruise ship though he's busy once he christened the ship he's blessed it
and the spirit of pit bull resides within it and he no longer needs to appear in his corporal form
here's this thing nice big genopolis ventricosis i can't tell if that was a pain scream or a
a different kind of thing i think he was going for pain but you never know maybe that's what he's
into and you can only be into it once unless it's like that you can just kind of yank it out
it's kind of visceral it really makes quite a noise when you yank that thing out a true death
grip absolutely you know what that does feel good but there's only one way to find out you know
i'm willing to guess that getting it ripped out doesn't feel good but so few people know
unfortunately there's probably some people who know and i bet they can confirm
just asking the questions one of that's the greatest feeling in the world okay let's uh just
let's just move on
god damn that's kind of how i fight you mean it's imaginary when you fight
you wish is that a leon doesn't that's leon style tactical kicking
hmm why are their shirts off great question because they were in a fisticuffs
it's not that crazy sometimes you got a fucking kick loads of ass and then you and while that
happens the shirt just kind of is gone it's just that's the way of the world
hey i'm not i'm not gonna pretend i'm not impressed you probably couldn't even see it
it was probably like in dragon ball z when high-level fighters are in combat and krillin's there
he's like i can't even see him that was huge that's why you're not appreciating this i like that
but you couldn't tell all the micro movements he was doing to really kick the amount of ass he was
because you're krillin basically i can stand for a lot of things directly saying you're
gonna cock me but do not call me krillin that was a trick actually because krillin is
technically the strongest human in the universe so i guess you just hate strength god his ass
how do you think those other girls felt because wasn't it a whole
group of childs not the Beyonce childs it was destiny's child yeah although child is singular so it
was Beyonce always the child of destiny um i mean sort of hmm that's rough
kelly rollin though also kind of famous and in the band i think at some point there were four of them
but then there were three of them she is that what star energy is just saying your name a lot should
i start doing that jet just throw it into words jet and into sentences jet because i'm on the show
and i'm jet and the video that we just watched didn't feature jet but i'm chipped jet i think it
works a little bit better in a song and even then it felt kind of odd jet you say your name a lot as it is
am i the only one who can't listen to her voice anymore you've heard it too much
you know i i think Beyonce has a pretty classic voice but i will say i made kendall listen to this
the other day i think i saw this on a tiktok has anybody ever heard the single ladies beat by
itself because i did not realize how this might have already been like a trend or something
how insane this beat is by itself this is just a this is just a section though there's other parts
no it's just this oh are they all the noises they added are worse i think djc4 could have made this
it's not mixed badly exactly it's just it's just that and that weird noise but then when you hear
it all together although now you probably won't be able to help it hear that weird noise it all
kind of works so anyway i would argue if she can make that beat work i think she does have a pretty
good voice sounds like a a beat from the new carter album oh yeah the lin-manuel maranda beat
carter beat is anybody in case anybody hasn't heard this i'm a huge fan of lin-manuel maranda not as a
writer of musicals but as a beat producer for lil wane i is that true people keep telling me that
this was produced by um by lin-manuel
it's not that bad i actually don't think it's as bad as some people are saying it is but it is very
funny to me that you would get lin-manuel maranda to make a beat i gotta look this up i know i said i'd
hurry up but i never actually do uh lin-manuel maranda carter what is it six now beat it sounded
fine to you yeah i i i i've heard people ripping on this and i didn't think it was as bad as people
were saying it was i've heard the i have heard tracks from the album though and i would say
okay unfortunately far be it from someone who wraps about buttholes and taking naps uh to claim
that lil wane has fallen off but it is not his strongest work in my opinion unfortunately
um okay let's do two more only two cash money millionaires lil wane that's primary lil wane
though you know that a lil a milly lil wane is pretty much probably the most classical
lil wane to most people i actually think on average that album from what i've heard
isn't like that much worse like he's not that far off his his stuff that i like a lot more
but i think the i think like the sound has just kind of the culture's kind of moved on past
some of the ways he's rapping and i think he's kind of taking a little extra beating for just
sounding a little antiquated which is mostly me aging myself saying that he should have said
chorus that is a classic move okay what's going on here
there we go you told me you got caught up in the the tear gas as well describe what happened to you
oh just uh taste a little oh just uh taste a little tear gas tasted like fascism
get that guy on a t-shirt right now that's the new chave gavara
tastes like uh tastes like fascism with that guy's face you can probably sell a couple of those t-shirts
does it taste like that i'd say it's if fascism has a taste it definitely includes tear gas
so i don't think he's wrong okay what the fuck is this one i have no idea what this still frame
is leading to and so i feel like i have no choice but to go with it the scores are pouring in though
could be our first 10 it's a 10 for accuracy the taste of fascism has never been so succinctly described
and thus in honor of it not a fascism stiff case but the description is a 10 oh you're just refreshing
to hear that your anti-fascism chat of course i don't like any isms you shouldn't say that
what's the name one good ism
hmm there's gotta be a good one there's no good isms egalitarianism too complicated too long of a word
and it's bad because of that aism from street fighter alpha three okay that's the only good one
is someone about to get eight you can't show a full modeling
okay let me answer i don't know why are they just standing there i guess
because you look tough as fuck do you i think it just looks kind of silly
this sort of hanging out near to nearing a near giant lion well what if they're pals
he wasn't threatened he was threatened by his cloaca that must have been it he noticed the man's
cloaca reacted as anyone would why do you think a cloaca is what do you think it is turning back
around on you case 3.88 they were going for a 10 so that's going to be a little disappointing
because they really thought they look cool but sometimes you don't get to look cool
and maybe that's a good transition into this next video i don't know
what's the super man yeah mix and load
that was a beautiful tale communicated in a multimedia platform so he took the other guys thing
i think that's what happened it's kind of confused for a lot of it but also that was awesome
by the end i felt like yeah that was good but i
i'm not even entirely still sure what happened but it was good
is the main sometimes you don't want to break it down too much you just want to be like
yeah so like i get it i think you don't get it i do though i got it
and i think that's the perfect one to end on because it because it
i get the joke but why the doodles i also think i get the joke but i also wonder why the doodles
to do do one more okay we'll do one more oh trump okay this is a robot what could go wrong
oh is this a robot this is a guy with some kind of mechanism and i'm sure we all want to know
what the mechanism is oh what that fighting from earlier oh god he's gonna shoot it gun kata
fucking equilibrium don't stab yourself oh oh god damn oh that's
then you he was pushing him over at the end there if that was a person
he would have just decapitated there with that final push that's how much he softened the
the perpetrator up with those other movements now that's how you end the two hour stream
um who is that i'll never know it was directly uploaded to discord by live in sleazy maybe live
in sleazy knows that's the guy that's going to steal kendall and i i'll admit it sometimes you
meet another alpha and sometimes almost alpha move is to recognize the most alpha and i'd have to give
it to me that's not how anything works to him especially dating i'm just saying i would rightfully
it's like the circle of life dude everybody's got a bow down to simba because they know he could
fuck him up that's what you think was happening in the lion king dude everybody got a load of
simba at the end of lion king and they're like i can't take that guy you fuck me up and that's
when they all bowed even he was a baby they were bowing that's how fucking crazy simba's
alpha energy was that's what the lion king's about and that guy's basically sent baby simba if he were
old and scary as fuck symbol load is a great twitch username we've come up with so many
good twitch username that's what this stream should be you should just be getting good
twitch username for people the stream he just can't wait to be caring oh he just can't just
get him and then he stabs you i thought he had me at the end there that's that's what i knew was
i was dealing with the blade of a master because i was like oh he stabbed the if i was the
the target he was stabbing like oh shit he stabbed the fuck out of me and he beat me up
with so many furious fists i'm nearly dead but his back is turned and i was my chance to take
him with me but he fucking suckered me in straight into the heart then i die that's beautiful
what's beautiful about that the mastery of the blade that he was displaying
okay that was incredible i'm just so pumped up we should watch 10 more no we i do need to raid
kendall and also i need to eat no it comes out it's not really about your beautiful girlfriend
is it case it's all about your greed for delicious foods what are you eating can i have some
um sure okay i'm on your side actually i take it back i will relinquish the title of kendall's
girlfriend back to you kendall's girlfriend you get it um okay we're gonna send you kendall's way i
don't know what she's doing i might be playing a game with her we'll see i think she's playing repo
though that's supposedly what's happening so enjoy that if she is or you'll hear me i don't know
uh annoyingly commenting over some it takes two but not that split fiction gameplay
sheath fighting is a sport in fiji you know that i did not does chet usually have the same colored
suit as case yeah why do we have the same colored suit here how come this is the only time i get to
wear the classic blue um i can change the color of your shirt shirt i can change the color of your
suit yeah we're twinning today this is the twinning segment i want my own special jackets
at all times okay well i'll figure that out for you at some point yes yes uh thanks for hanging
out everybody um oh no we're out of music we're out of music as we raid kendall
i guess i could just play the same song again it is our it is our one song oh wait i still
have Spotify here we'll play our we'll play our um djc4 classics as we raid kendall
okay it's a it's not a jet raid you haven't earned it what instead it's a um the case rate deal of that
aw okay bye everybody i mean say it's a jet raid though if you want it is your choice
or it's a nap zone raid you can take all of them and pick your favorite
bye everybody say hi to kendall for me she's miles away in a different place entirely so it'll take me
a while to get over there all right that'll do us bye bye bye