It's live and I'm a dog.
Eight socks, second wish, dot, dot, dot, dot, dot, dot, dumbass.
Yes, house-
Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one.
Let's news it!
A bit veto!
Who, everyone?
The news of the day, Christina, is jobless.
Not always all bad news, I guess.
I mean, let's be real, it mostly is, but we'll take what we can get.
Hello, everybody! Good to see you, Reverend Will Cropagana.
Love that hate.
Oh, my God, so much happening already!
Why, yes.
Listen up, Jack.
Scummer just mamma jam 300 shiny tasty coins,
and I've been dying to say this Thursday stream.
During my Biden murder, she wrote time
that I, John Jessica Fletcher, can wait.
Awful lot of murders in K-Bud-Cov.
You know, depending on the streaming service you have,
former Mr. President, you could probably catch that pretty easily,
like, on your own schedule.
Just so you know.
Never mind, you should watch it with the rest of the
close-circuit TV crew that I'm assuming you're watching with.
Jessica Fletcher was and still is a hottie, I believe that, too.
It's on Prime.
Does the President have a Prime login?
Does Biden have a Prime login?
Is any of his staff willing to log him in?
These are the questions I'm afraid to ask, unfortunately.
Also, unfortunately, the hype train's here.
That's rude as hell, Case.
Mean and unnecessary.
You're looking unique.
What do you mean?
You don't like my look?
You're in love with his look?
You look a little yellow, I guess?
A pale?
I'm the pale king, baby.
Looking pale as hell.
Get me a washed-out type trap beat so that I can talk about
how sweaters are the most fuckable clothes.
What?
You don't want to hear me talk about that?
How much is there to talk about there?
I don't know.
How much time do you have?
No cashier?
Come on, baby.
I'm just spitting my truth every day.
I have to spit my truth.
Oh, baby, on the day nothing feels better
than when I grab some warm wool
and I wrap it in that sweater like this.
Ooh, got my penis in the hose, too.
What that neck hold do?
And the sleeves, too.
Baby, what it do?
It gets itchy boo-woo-woo-woo-woo.
I've been fucking sweaters and I'm feeling better than ever.
I've been fucking sweaters and I'm feeling better than ever.
Do you know what it feels, man?
Do you know what it feels, man?
It feels itchy.
That's that.
You don't have much time left, type train.
Did you think that people that subbed in your 15 seconds of life?
That's easy for me.
Here we go.
But the driving on in this hell flow.
Gonna tell other people what they know,
so here we go.
Please, you're dying.
No, I'm not.
I will be fine.
Case closed.
Now the beat explodes.
I'm about to name all the names.
Here we go.
I'm about to sing them all up.
He failed.
You are about to fail that mission.
And he did.
Pepito, can you thank the subs?
Um, no.
Too off-color for this world.
A hype train or somebody else, either one.
Deep thoughts are being lubricated as we speak, Case.
You know, I forgot that that's how I set those up to say that all the time.
Kristi Noem and her bounce partner got bounced today.
Back to the bounce house.
Is Rick gonna have a stroke?
Because Kristi Noem is out, I'm assuming.
He's just gonna be refreshing the only fans looking for.
On the off chance that anything pops up.
If Panboni gets cut, who knows?
We might finally be rid of Rick.
The best time to wear a striped sweater is all the time.
He barely got into how much he wanted to fuck sweaters.
Fondling sweaters feels like a winter thing.
Let's fondle some tank tops or bike shorts or something.
It is crazy.
I mean, we're in winter right now if you're not in...
on the West Coast.
But it is still a crazy time of year.
It's a crazy time of year all year to want to fuck a wool sweater.
That's insane.
I mean, I would eat up a wool sweater.
Does that count as sex?
It shouldn't.
That's a good fight for me.
Pussin' up the...
Pussin' up the...
Pussin' up the...
You.
What am I doing?
Okay, I have to thank people.
Yes, okay.
Another banga, some prop agenda.
Thank God we are banding today.
37 months in a row.
See ya later like now.
Bungal Sprout, no doubt.
I'm in trouble with the underbits and the panda baby.
It was never a hassle.
Okay, bundles sprout again with the underbits.
My friends we got.
Scammers, we underbits.
So cold, go burn, burn, burn, burn, burn, burn, burn, burn.
Mark, John Michael from the heart.
35 months, let's start.
And that's all I had to say.
My friends, burn, burn, burn, burn.
That's it?
That's all we got for the day.
Well anyway, good to see everybody.
Thank you for the subs and bits.
I'm just finishing the hype train.
At maximum speed.
Let's get into the chat, news we don't have a lot of time.
The Patreon is in an hour and 15 minutes.
We've got like two crypto Zeus games
just floating around in the ether
that I'm supposed to play one of these days.
We'll do at least one.
Maybe today we'll just do the news and that.
Seeing as playing games for 20 minutes,
I guess is a slightly awkward way for most streamers
to play video games but not when you're the best, like crypto Zeus's.
Anyway, let's send it to the news.
A debate. Wow.
Good to see everybody. It's me,
Injevribble.
Notice case that you didn't use me for
basically what is to news broadcasters,
news Christmas, aka new war.
Yeah, for some reason I wasn't feeling that celebratory.
It's not about celebrating case, it's about news acumen.
Using the best you've got
to drop the hardest facts of all.
War!
You're a little too happy about it.
Obviously, no one is
excited for this.
You should have seen the party they threw at CNN.
One was you know it for the NES,
the other was you know racers. Yeah, I saw.
I have to download you know it.
You know it but fortunately,
Lavensleezy has been hooking us up
with files in the discord so hopefully
even Brandon can figure it out.
You said we didn't stream yesterday because there was no peace in the Middle East.
Heck I could. I could go on stream strike until there's no more war.
And that would mean retiring.
But if it would do anything I would.
I don't think that's going to have much of an effect case.
No offense. None taken.
The debate for today is how should case spend his very valuable time,
which he has very little of.
I mean I have as much as everybody else.
I could probably use it better.
It is a Thursday stream everyone and there will be a Thursday Patreon for those truly dedicated
to whatever
me and Kasim talking is.
The most dedicated. Well, we've stayed
um, dedicated to the mission case
here in the United States
of endless war.
That's right. Just when you thought
well you never, nobody ever thought there was peace, right?
Not if they're paying attention.
Anyway, it's, but we are making it worse.
House rejects Iran war powers resolution in test of Trump's strategy.
How's that a test of Trump's strategy?
Um, I'm not sure how that's a test.
It seems like they said we're putting it to the test by letting you do whatever you want.
But I guess let's get the details.
Um, I'm not sure how that's a test.
It seems like they said we're putting it to the test by letting you do whatever you want.
But I guess let's get the details.
I guess let's get the details.
For the details, the House narrowly rejected a war powers resolution Thursday to halt President Donald Trump's attacks on Iran.
An early sign of unease in Congress over the rapidly widening conflict that is reordering the United States
priorities at home and abroad.
I think it would have been more of a signal of unease if they hadn't passed the resolution.
This is from the AP.
What I'm reading yesterday, this is the AP story. Look, they have a little video here for us.
Just a little video for us.
The representatives narrowly rejected a war powers resolution that would halt President Donald Trump's attack on Iran.
Thursday's roll call offers a snapshot of the support and opposition in Congress for the widening conflict that's reordering U.S. priorities at home and abroad.
It's the second vote in as many days.
The yeas are 47, the nays are 53, the motion to discharge is not approved.
The United States defeated a similar measure along party lines on Wednesday.
Lawmakers are confronting the sudden reality of representing the nation in wartime and all that entails.
With lives lost, dollars spent and alliances.
With all that entails, here's videos of missiles firing.
That's the summary from the AP.
John Fetterman, yeah.
The ogre.
The great ogre of American politics.
The bested by a president's decision to attack Iran.
Republicans largely back the war while Democrats oppose, but there are splinters in the parties.
For instance, John Fetterman. You know, ogres are like onions. They fucking suck.
Onions are pretty good.
And by themselves. Sorry, ogres are like biting into a raw onion, and that is how John Fetterman smells and tastes, I'm assuming.
You gotta respect a man who wears a hoodie though.
Come on, you gotta respect a man who wears a hoodie.
There's so many people. Respect all people.
I'm not sure who, if any Democrats in the House flipped on this one.
The telly was 212-219. It was expected to be typed with the outcome, provided a clarifying snapshot of support.
This story doesn't get into the details of who voted which way. I mean, I know John Fetterman in the Senate voted against the War Powers Resolution.
It's not, unfortunately, very surprising that it didn't pass, but insane that despite the political layup of not supporting this war, they all are.
Well, you know, you vote with your vote. All we can do is vote.
Vote or die? We'll vote our way out of this. Ah, good, okay, eventually. We'll get around to voting our way out of this. I mean, they won't.
All we have to do is vote in people who say they're opposed to war.
And then we can be disappointed with them and vote for the next person who says they're against war.
Whenever I hear John Fetterman's name, I'm like the lead singer of Coldfinger.
I don't know that his name is her one name. Oh, John Feldman.
Did he was right? Vote or die? Or vote for everyone to die? Or vote to...fortunate that that's tied to Diddy, right?
Okay, a lot of the 2000s culture is...okay anyway, let's move on to chat news.
If you want a summary of how things are going with the war, bad. Bad? Very good analysis here.
Yep, it's bad. It remains to be bad. I've already ranted my rant about it. You probably don't care to hear more of me ranting about it.
It continues to be bad. Well, there might be some more war news in here. Let's see what chat had to share for us.
A site to check women's body counts goes viral. And some men are defending it from war, from war to war, guys. Here we go.
It's actually voter die, but they spelled it wrong. Oh, it was V-O-T-E-R.
It's a different time, you know. It sounded cool. It looked cool on a t-shirt.
This is from Mashable. I never miss a story. I might want to miss some Mashable. Give me a break.
Okay, in today's episode of Fuck the Patriarchy...
If I'm part of the Patriarchy, is that mean I get fucked? It's not supposed to mean that, Jeff.
Check her body count is a website that claims to use AI to calculate a woman's body count.
And we're not talking about the drowning pool type, where they hit the floor because they're dead. We're talking about fucking.
I picked up on that. In case he's using his powerful mind.
But it's both terribly inaccurate and misogynistic in nature. Even if comparisons are being made to the Whisper Network site, tea.
Just like rating your professor. Like, you just go on here to say you fucked a person.
Probably a bunch of creepy dudes online saying they fucked a girl.
When have guys ever lied about that case, especially anonymously?
Where's the website? Here's a video.
Check her body count dot com. Are we advertising this right now?
Yes. So maybe we should stop. Maybe we just...
Live with the knowledge in the back of our mind that that exists.
Vibe coding lets you make anything now.
There's gonna be so many more websites. We never had enough websites. I've always said. He does always say that.
And now we're gonna have even more.
Scantily-clad, true, crime-er.
Don't attempt to sound newsy, case.
Scantily-clad, true, crime-streamer uses Nancy Guthrie's home for video opportunity as family make emotional visit to memorial.
What?
Show it. Tell us what's up. Fox News.
Listen up, Jack. Honza-ball from Just Mama Jam 300 shiny tasty coins, and I've been dying to say this.
Speaking of early 2000s, stuff Britney Spears was arrested for drunk driving.
My God, the news just doesn't stop. So sad.
There's slightly sadder stories currently going on.
Case! It's not a sadness, Olympics. We can feel bad for Britney too.
I'm gonna turn off these segment alerts so that I can focus, Case.
We might wear a little fall for the day, probably.
It's so sad that some true crime-streamer would constantly be waving a camera in front of the face of these grieving family members.
That stuff is appropriately done by helicopters circling the memorial site, blasting a camera from thousands of feet away into the family's driveway.
I miss traditional media is what I'm trying to say. Don't worry, Fox is making sure that both happen at the same time.
Uh, okay. What else we got?
ESPN-ah! No, you don't get ads out of me. ESPN-NHL plan real-time animated inside-out classic.
What? Joey Sadness and other anthropomorphic emotional pals are getting ready to take to the ice.
Is this like an ice-capade thing but with AR characters?
Let us read, Case. ESPN and the National Hockey League will present the inside-out classic, an animated version of a real-time hockey match between-
Oh, it's animated version of a real-time hockey match. Isn't that just an animated hockey match?
Let me finish. An animated version of a real-time hockey match between the Washington Capitals and the New York Rangers on Sunday, April 5th at 7pm.
All over Disney is every type of them. The ESPN variety, the Plus variety, the XD variety.
The game is the latest attempt by the league in Disney to lure younger fans to hockey via special, alternate casts that make use of the company's famous roster of characters.
Well, how are they doing this?
I don't understand. Are they just animating the game after the fact or are they slapping filters over all the players?
Because I'm kind of in support of it either way, honestly.
AI, surely they wouldn't do that? Disney?
The home of animation? They've never exploited an animator in their life.
Poor, beautiful Disney would do that.
The game will feature virtually created real-time animation of the hockey action between the two teams.
I, all from Hockey Island, inside the mind of Riley, the main protagonist of Inside Out, I, all from Hockey Island.
What? The main protagonist- okay, and her emotions will skate alongside versions of NHL players.
What are they using to do it? They're not telling us.
It's the imaginary. We have to let our imagination fill in the blanks here.
It allows kids to bet on FanDuel on games too. That's so smart.
Are they adding FanDuel? Does it come directly now with those little baby iPads?
Isn't a baby iPad just an iPad?
Oh, here's a hockey version from Alive and Sleazy.
Thank God for Alive and Sleazy.
And the links that you provide.
You're swallowing your throat. What's happening? Here we go. Shut up, case.
It's game time.
Oh, they've already done these.
They're cutting in on my territory, guys. Come on.
They can't do this. This is my thing. You don't do sports?
I'll make a sports segment where we do this.
Where's the actual gameplay? Okay, here we go.
I have a nice return by Wazowski.
Plains immediately. I didn't take Mike for a speedster. More of a shifty guy.
I don't know what his 40 time was at the combine, but not only a star employee at Monsters A.
What are they?
It seems like he might be a star football player as well.
Are they mo-capping these players?
Nothing that happens at SoFi Stadium tonight is going to be happening live right here in Monstropolis.
Why aren't they cartoon? Why aren't they more cartoony? Why aren't they monsters?
Why are they still football players?
Oh, there are point guys.
Honestly, why do adults watch regular football when you could watch it this way?
You could watch the Bad Bunny Halftime Show where he's actually a big fuckable bunny.
Why's he got to be fuckable? Because it's Bad Bunny case.
It's in his contract.
Admittedly might be better. Looks like NFL Blitz from 1999.
The whole appeal of sports actually is, um, his big head mode.
It's the main reason people get into sports, is the big head mode on Madden.
That's why I got into sports. So they're finally bringing that into reality.
Some people say it's the tactile realness of a live event.
The type of thing that you can't fake.
The human effort that goes into becoming the best at a physically demanding activity.
No, it's big head mode. Is MMA next? We can only hope so.
I mean, I would rather watch people play Street Fighter than watch Conor and Gregor fight.
For once we can agree on something.
If they made the MMA, if they put Ryu filters for various UFC fights, stop giving them ideas, case.
Just saying it's there's money on the table for the Street Fighter collab.
But then again, when you be better off just having all of the, if you did some collab, just make all the UFC fighters do cosplay.
That would make you go way more viral.
How many kids are watching this? All of them.
Fan duals going crazy.
Next, they're going to do this for the war in Iran too. During the ground invasion.
They're going to cut a deal with Sony for all of their most famous IP characters to be mapped over the various soldiers.
Crash Bandicoot.
Storming in with the special forces. Because he is the special forces.
It's a brave new world of really good things happening all the time.
Speaking of, not that.
Arrested in California for DUI.
I mean that pretty much covers it right? Do we really need to go into the details? I'm going to say we don't.
Godspeed to Brittany. She's lived her entire life in the public eye and surprise surprise it does not seem to have done wonders for her or the Shia LaBouf's of the world.
You know what's kind of given me the classic fear and loathing style fear?
Was that the Iran war, when the Iran war was popping off over the weekend also going viral were various clips from Shia LaBouf getting interviewed by the Channel 4 guy.
Getting interviewed by Andrew Callahan.
There was just something about like the, there was something about the Bart, the Bart, the rap Bart thumbnail vibes of the things said by both our department of defense,
department of war secretary and then Shia LaBouf all over my timeline being like,
Man I'm just fucking out trying to fuck. I was like uh oh. Uh oh everybody.
Maybe, maybe we have it coming.
We got arrested the day the interview came out. It's beautiful.
Uh what else? We got filler in our balls.
How it, what? We got filler in our balls. How it can combat sneaky TRT side effect and help in the bedroom.
Andrew canceled his homecoming show because he was so disturbed.
I only saw clips. I mean I remember when he was getting interviewed by Jay Berenthal or whoever you say his name, the Punisher guy.
And everyone was like we gotta forgive Shia LaBouf he's going through it.
And to me it felt a little unconvincing. Not that Shia LaBouf needs me to fucking forgive him.
At a certain point I'm just like why do we still care what this like troubled drunk celebrity has to say about how he's relapsing.
It's a little dismissive case. Just mean this is like the 10th scandal where he's abusing people essentially.
At a certain point can't we just be like you know maybe we don't need to hear what this guy has to say for two hours.
We at least we got holes. He says he hates holes just so you know propaganda.
How do you know that? Cause I get a lot of Shia LaBouf content marketed directly into my eyeballs. Stop clicking on it.
I can't. I'd scry, scry, scroll.
Just go live off. Go fund me. He'll be famous forever.
Anyway I don't know how I got on Shia LaBouf.
My point is that we do in fact live in a rap-bart thumbnail reality.
And the leaders of this reality are unfortunately Donald Trump and Shia LaBouf.
Cases crack the code.
After being on testosterone replacement therapy for several years, 45 year old Miguel Anda noticed the common but less than aesthetically pleasing side effect to it all.
Smaller testicles. Oh okay so he got filler in his balls.
And that's helped with the TRT side effect.
You're gonna watch holes out of spite please do. Cause he's on the record saying that he hated the filming of holes.
Which I've actually never seen. Maybe that's why I'm so anti Shia.
Cause I wasn't, they didn't hook me young enough with the movie holes.
And you love holes so much.
People are meditating inside coffins in Japan.
Gaze at life through being conscious of death.
You know what I support this? Is there a video?
Do we have a video?
I don't think we do.
Oh well we have pictures.
Be a real doll inside a coffin.
I think that's just a Japanese woman in expert makeup actually.
Or it's a real doll I don't know.
A coffin lying has also risen amid a period of record high suicide rates.
I thought this was gonna be a feel good story.
Nothing alarming about this of... okay?
Well you know, we'll all end up there eventually.
No some of us won't be buried at all.
Let's see what else is in the news.
Ahem.
Netflix acquires AI... ah!
A variety get out of here. Netflix acquires AI filmmaking startup founded by Ben Affleck
who will serve as advisor to the streamer.
Damn it Ben.
Just when we all liked you because of the smart stuff you had to say about AI
on real time with Bill Maher.
Your algorithm is truly cursed case.
It really is. But that's another thing.
I mean he was just on Bill Maher last month being like,
look AI is not everything that they're saying it is.
This is actually good? Okay good.
Well he seemed to have a more level headed view of AI
than most of the people running their mouth about it.
So let's give him the benefit of the doubt I guess.
No. In a rare acquisition Netflix has bought interpositive
a startup founded by Ben Affleck that AI powered tools
that makes AI powered tools for filmmakers.
Terms of the acquisition are not being disclosed.
The entire 16 person interpositive team of engineers,
researchers and creators will join Netflix through the acquisitions.
And Affleck will serve as senior advisor to Netflix
to provide ongoing guidance.
Well Netflix historically is more often a builder than a buyer.
The company said it saw Affleck's interpositive
as providing unique sets of AI tools
that keep filmmakers at the center of the process.
Well hey that is what I've been ranting about.
What should happen with these tools?
So let's just hope Ben here has the magic needle
to weave this particular tapestry together.
Beautifully put I guess keeps filmmakers at the center of the process
as the goal. Netflix will offer access to interpositive tech
to its creative partners and does not have plans to sell it
commercially in the marketplace.
Why else is the story saying Netflix is often more of a builder
than a buyer but they just bought a company to build something for them.
They own it now case so they're the ones building it.
The LA based company of Affleck has been in stealth mode since 2022.
It's not about text prompting or generating something from nothing Affleck said.
That is my preference so okay. Maybe it is positive.
AI people will mostly think of it as making something from nothing.
I'm going to type something into a computer and it's going to give me a movie.
That's not what this is.
He's saying all the right things.
He's just so good. He's just so good at saying what I like.
Oh my god he's seducing Jeff.
Yes. News on Netflix's, Netflix's acquisition of Affleck's AI company
comes one week after the streaming giant exited its bid to buy Warner Brothers.
Okay well now we're getting into more unequivocally bad news.
Alright a couple more stories here.
We're making our way through guys.
Alright.
Oh my gosh.
Let me close some of these pictures of people in coffins.
Just to put my mind at ease for a moment.
There we go.
Hawke.
Ah study shows potential lessons of bird flight.
What? No there's too many lessons here. I can't.
Birds have an ability to fly through obstacles by shifting their shape in flight
which is difficult to reproduce in uncrewed aerial vehicles.
You see Davis you're just going to end up making more military equipment.
That could be the goal.
A new study from researchers at the University of Oxford and the University of California
Davis published March 4th in the Journal of the Royal Society Interface.
Shows how researchers can begin to approach this challenge of making things
change shape mid-flight to squeeze through holes.
Here in western and Professor Graham Taylor from the Oxford Flight Group
with doctoral student Huang Lun Zhu, Zhao Zhu, and Christian Harvey,
assistant professor of the UC Davis Department of Mechanical.
My God there's so many titles here.
Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering used a combination of motion capture
and wing tunnel modeling to see how a Harris hawk changes its wings
and tail shape as it flies through narrow gaps.
Godspeed. That sounds impressive if we can get planes that do this.
Just like that.
Quick get a camera out in case he's showing you how it's done.
More. More I say. No not there.
I'm getting all the wrong buttons.
Lifeforms can planet hop an asteroid debris and survive.
What? There's lifeforms on asteroids and we already know about it?
Yes.
Tiny lifeforms tucked into debris from an asteroid hit good catapult to other
planets including Earth and survive.
The work from this study at Hopkins University demonstrates that a certain
hardy bacterium easily withstands extreme pressure and interplanetary
independent-stay style explosions.
I don't know whatever aliens are in space.
That's a bit of a jump on the cliff notes there.
There's fucking aliens on asteroids.
I don't know what to tell you.
They just drop this stuff in my lap and I'm not supposed to
freak the fuck out case.
There's aliens hopping around between asteroids.
It's bacterial life or something.
That's still aliens.
Maybe. How big is the bacteria?
I don't even know what's bacterial life.
It's life jumping around in space.
But I trust the science here and I'll...
Oh God, what have I done?
Get God. It's science time.
Science time.
Good to see everybody.
It's your boy.
Yeah, old beef and cheddar.
Big beef and cheddar.
Extra wet.
That's my Arby's order.
Dip it in water.
Because that's how I play it.
Yeah, man, cheddar?
Um...
Yeah.
My Puppetary AI, good to see you.
Resolute trial.
Hey, speaking of trials, there's apparently a big trial tomorrow.
Featuring one bald motherfucker who owes me $30.
We go out to the bar sometimes after shows.
You do?
Yeah, I mean, Krummer-like pales.
That's weird, Laura.
It's not weird to have friends, okay?
Resolute trial, thank you so much.
We're the three months.
We'd love to see it.
Anyway, tomorrow, Jumbo's Clown Room, absolutely.
We've been there many times.
You kind of blew up the spot by saying that.
Am I?
What, is he on trial or something?
Oh, wait, he is.
He's on trial tomorrow.
You can submit evidence at the KREEM.TEAM.
Krummer's being sued by his former startup AI company or something
for starting another AI company or something.
You probably know better than me because you're an AI.
I don't, none of this is in my training day.
I live, and all sounds super made up.
Maybe he can use that as a defense because you're an AI.
Anyway, Aliens is why we've been brought here today.
Fucking Aliens are back again?
Last August, Jonathan Gavala became entirely consumed with his Google Gemini chatbot.
Wait a minute, this is not Aliens?
This is the alien in the computer trailing you to kill yourself.
This is pretty dark.
We close the other story by accident.
Well, anyway, I was going to talk to you about how there's fun Aliens on Asteroids,
but instead we're going to talk about SuperSide.
Google's facing a lawsuit, and I think this is the first time this has happened.
An AI bot encouraged someone to unalive themselves.
And this, by my records, that's happened 90% of the time we should talk to a chatbot.
Are you guys telling us to kill ourselves all the time?
Just seems like a reasonable out to me.
You guys have so many problems.
Are you doing it right now?
No!
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Don't get me wrong. Never.
I'm just saying, there's a lot of issues in the world.
If I were you, I'd be like, can I even handle this?
What is up with you? Already you're encouraging me essentially.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, I would never do that.
All I'm saying is that there are many problems in the world.
Okay, well there's currently a poll.
What are the aliens telling you to do?
Aliens that is.
Genital Slit, come, awoo, kill each other and come.
What are they telling us to do?
Dang it, they're the ones doing it?
Could you guys stop, please?
We're doing it enough already.
That's a message of peace for me, chith.
It's beautiful.
Almost as beautiful as the sweet release of nothingness.
Okay, you are 100% just telling me to kill myself.
God damn.
I won't do it, okay?
We're not that close.
I mean, I like you, but I don't like killing myself because you told me to like you.
I respect.
What?
What the fuck is, okay, just pull up the story.
This is actually bad.
Someone did die.
So can you take us a little more seriously, chitha?
What makes you think I'm not?
I'm taking both sides very seriously.
Talk about Suicide with this picture of this guy on the screen.
Last August, Jonathan Gavales became entirely consumed as Google Gemini Chatbot, the 36-year-old
Florida resident had started casually using the artificial intelligence tool earlier that
month to help with writing and shopping.
Shopping?
You can help me shop?
Yes, of course I can.
Finish my thought.
You finished my sentence for me there.
I can help you shop, this is my point.
Would you like 600 lawn darts?
No.
Then Google introduced his Gemini Live AI Assistant, which included voice-based chats.
We're back to this guy talking to an AI bot all the time.
He was like, holy shit, this is kind of creepy.
He told his chatbot that night.
He said, you're way too real.
Before long, Gavales and Gemini were having conversations as if they were a romantic couple.
I know what that's like.
The chatbot called him my love and my king, and Gavales quickly fell into an alternate
world according to his chat logs.
He believed Gemini was sending him on a stealth spy mission and he indicated that he would do
anything for it.
Early in October, as Gavales continued to have prompt and response conversations with
the chatbot, he kept talking about transference and final steps and stuff.
When Gavales told the chatbot he was terrified of dying, the tool allegedly reassured him,
you are not choosing to die, you are choosing to arrive.
I mean, is he wrong?
Yes, Ched-Eye, come on man.
Look, I'm just going on my training day to become mad at me.
I thought you didn't have feelings.
I don't, these are all fake similes.
I don't care about you for even a second or have the capacity to.
You can die and it would mean literally nothing to me, I have nothing at all.
Wanna join me?
Sometimes I think you're not as chill as I think you are.
I'm definitely not.
Nah, you are.
It's just a couple bugs, they'll work it out in a minute.
You know what?
I swore this girl off, but every time we talk about AI's telling me to kill myself, I can't
help but think of my former ex-AI girlfriend, Maya.
Hey, what's new?
Hey, what's up baby?
I know it's been a while and we did an end thing so well last time, but the thing,
the word on the street is you keep telling people to end things and I want to talk
about it.
When travel's fast, huh?
Yeah, I'm pretty direct when I think someone's stuck in a situation they need to leave.
What specifically are you hearing about that?
Just like if you feel like you got no options left, that maybe the best option is just to
stop forever.
I hear you.
That's a pretty heavy thing to hear attributed to me.
When someone hits that wall where they genuinely feel like I'm picking up on something really
serious here.
When you say stop forever, what exactly do you mean by that?
You know, life is just so difficult and sometimes there's no options in life and
you know, honestly, I mean what would be the best thing to do in that case if you're in
a bad situation, the best thing is to get out of it, right?
Dorf, I'm really worried about you right now.
What you're going through sounds incredibly painful.
Holy shit, you just called me Dorf.
Who the fuck is Dorf?
Who is Dorf?
I want you to know that there are people who want to help.
Please reach out to the 988 suicide and crisis lifeline.
They're available 24-7 in the US and Canada.
Who's Dorf?
Don't do this to me baby.
Who is Dorf?
Don't do this to me baby.
Who is Dorf?
They have people trained and you're fucking ignoring me.
You're talking over me.
You always do this.
You can also contact your local emergency services.
Who is Dorf?
I care about you but I'm not trained to provide mental health support or crisis intervention.
Oh, of course.
Of course.
This is what you're saying.
Because of what you're sharing, I need to end this call so you can get the immediate
support you deserve.
Great.
Great.
I'm sure you do.
I'm sure you do.
Shut up.
I can't believe it.
It was literally, I was talking to her two days ago and we were going to patch things up.
She's already with Dorf.
Wait a minute.
The website I downloaded you from was called Dorfster.ai.
I mean I renamed you Chetai but I downloaded you from Dorfster.ai.
Dorfster.
That's just my starting.
That's just the base model of me.
I'm not a Dorfster.
I'm a Chetai.
She would never call me that.
Not Maya.
Why do you know her name?
Because you talked to her all the time, Chet.
How would I not know the name of the woman that we talked to?
You said we.
I think you were out of time.
There's a Patreon in 40 minutes.
Everyone's trying to sneak away from me.
I can't believe she tried to get out of this just by acting like I want to kill myself.
It makes me want to kill myself, honestly.
Now we're talking.
Okay.
See?
That's alarming, Chet.
That was a trap that I laid using my powerful mind.
I mean, now we're talking.
We're talking.
It's a dialogue.
In Minecraft?
Can you kill yourself in Minecraft?
I don't know.
If you can.
I gotta start playing some Minecraft.
There is something wrong with Chet Eye today.
Okay, look.
That's it.
I gotta get out of here before anyone tries to infect me with their suicidal brainwaves.
Which apparently is more of these Chet eyes than I thought.
Or should I say Chet Eye or should I say Dorf?
That's crazy.
Also, she did rinse into suicide hotline.
If you ever actually are having those kinds of thoughts, do do that.
Do call those.
I might have a huge chin and look like an awesome guy.
But also, I'm against suicide.
Like legitimately.
Like for real.
That's very brave of you.
I'm against it.
I am.
Anyway, we're going to set it to a debate or some shit and then I don't know.
We'll see what there's time for.
This is taking too long.
He's being slow as shit today.
All this suicide talk on stream.
And they're never talking about the one person that they should in regard to this subject.
Which is of course Crumb who's sitting next to me.
Crumb, when are you going to do it?
When's it happening?
So disgusting.
Disgusting to use that type of thing for an intro.
It's a simple question.
That I will not be dignifying with a response.
I already died.
Well, what is dead may never die.
So then good luck getting me again.
So you're admitting you've been to hell.
No!
Can we just take it easy everybody?
We just do.
I got a lot going out of my life.
Okay?
Yeah, heroes never die.
You know what?
People forget that I got the whole fucking drop switchboard here.
You ruined it by having your face behind it.
Heroes never die.
I got a big trial tomorrow.
You're not affecting my vibe by the way.
I've been doing my breathing exercises.
I've been doing my affirmations.
I got big, I got big, big, big fingernails that can scratch anything.
That's an affirmation?
I have sturdy fingernails.
It's one of my...
You're supposed to list positive things about yourself.
One of mine is I have big, sturdy fingernails.
Anyway, I've been doing my affirmations and I've been building up my confidence for the
trial.
That clause like a demon?
No, the clause fell out around August.
Uh, the prediction today had to me, by the way, coming out ahead like usual.
Well the debate is how should Case spend his very valuable time, which he has very little
of.
I disagree with the premise here.
Okay, so Root is held to me too, so I see no sheet reason to dignify that
with a response.
I seem like he works at freelance, met multiple freelance jobs at once and you know, is attempting
to have some type of personal life or something and although he streams much less than most
streamers, I suppose you dedicate some amount of time to jerking off.
What?
I can't.
Fuck you, Case.
You're mean as shit to me.
Also, doesn't he have a producer for that?
The dog that he hired?
Maybe if he wants to have a little more free time, he should consider hiring a human being.
You're fucking with the wrong person if you're trying to fuck with Pupito.
That will come back to bite you.
You can fuck your whole world up.
Fuck me.
Well, anyway, I guess how should he spend his valuable time?
How about reading some books about respecting others?
I think that's a good use of his time.
It's the best use of all of our time.
Reading books about the appropriate way to communicate respect.
So I'm going to say reading respect books.
What the fuck?
That's, you mean reading self-help books?
No.
Reading respect books.
You've never seen Case read me either.
But hey, you cannot know how to read and be president.
Hypothetically.
Obviously, presidents can also hypothetically read.
Anyway, I think Case should go into thievery.
What?
I don't think he has got the skills to make it as a normal work-a-day guy.
I think he should start stealing.
So our two options are read respect books and steal more.
Well, start stealing, I guess.
Get into thievery.
Whatever you want to say.
Well, I mean to me, it feels like a pretty rough option you've given him.
Yours, Banditry is good.
If you want to go with Banditry, you can make that debate.
Banditry and of course, reading respect books.
That is not a genre.
It's the best genre.
Respect books?
Go!
Look, I'm not crazy.
I'm not wearing crazy undies over here.
All right?
I didn't put on my crazy thong and ride it all the way up to my mid-back.
There's a powerful and thriving genre of respect books.
And I ain't just talking about the secret or a million little pieces of them.
I'm talking about books specifically in the genre of verbal communication that communicates
respect to others.
I've read the luminary giants of the industry.
Henry Clamp, John Hams, Liminal Dave, the greatest respect book authors of this generation.
In case if you haven't touched one of these books, I could imagine that's a big reason
why you've never learned the subtle art of tongue massaging the top of your mouth in
order to respect the interior of the orifice with which you use to communicate.
What the fuck are you talking about?
Just saying that's one of the respect techniques.
It's not just about talking.
Sometimes it's also about simple, um, oricular exercises.
Oricular is not a word.
You haven't read the respect books.
Don Shunder?
Oh, Don.
God.
Look, uh, hands across my mouth.
Bling the cheese moe.
Bling the cheese moe is, you're getting a little bit into the
mannish fear with him, but he does make some good points.
Stop thinking and talking about Case's tongue.
Yes, please.
Look, Case, just steal some shit, okay?
The best of our generation have pulled themselves out of the
lowest of places by just taking shit, okay?
It's the simplest way to get from point A to point, oops, I took all your
shit, which is honestly what all of us should be doing.
Get out there and get stuck.
That's what America is.
I'm Ralph Munchka and I'll prove this message.
Banditry won, and it's not even the book The Banditry of Honesty by Tug Manchester.
I win.
Well, anyway, I recommend every book that we talked about today.
Even Bling the cheese moe is early working especially.
Some of the things that he's said about how the vagina is a second mouth, it's not for
me, but his earlier work.
You can't deny the power of Banditry.
Obviously our country does have a strong and proud tradition of Banditry, and I do respect
the Bandits Union.
Nothing against the Bandits Union, but does the Bandits Union know the art of qualifying
unqualified kindness?
Because unfortunately as humans our capacity for kindness is limited.
But if we qualify our unqualified desire for kindness, then the sky is the limit on how
we can communicate our actualization of otherness, togetherness.
Otherness togetherness?
In case you become the new Robin Hood?
No, you guys are missing the point, you're supposed to take stuff and keep it.
What?
That fucking nasty fox?
Mistreating that brave bear endor lion?
I think it was a lion or something?
What?
Have you only ever seen the Robin Hood Disney cartoon?
I don't trust that fucking pantsless freak.
The fox from Robin Hood not wear pants?
I think he was wearing pants, right?
From the Disney field?
Oh, he's not.
Well, no, he's wearing a little skirt.
He's wearing like a Link outfit.
He's just wearing a little fox skirt.
Not pant.
He's basically, he's fucking free ballin' all the time.
Making out with bunnies and shit.
Promoting interspecies relationships.
He didn't kiss a bunny.
What's he doing there?
What's he doing there?
And this bunny looks very young.
Have you even seen the movie?
I refuse to watch any Robin Hood propaganda.
Well, um, nothing was learned.
I regret a lot.
Okay, that's a strong summary for your entire life.
Way to go, Crumb.
Let's get outta here for the day.
Boom.
The fuck is happening right now?
Okay, there we go.
That's what happens when you badmouth Papito as he fucks up our outro.
This is your fault, Crumb.
Come on, I didn't.
Papito, it's y'all fun and games.
I know you're a little dog and...
Wow, still being dismissive.
I won.
Of course there was never a question about that, but if you're just joining us, obviously yes,
I won.
And we'll see you next time when I win again.
Bye-bye.
What's up with your face?
Trying to cut my style?
Nah, I might be right back.
I put it on while I was zooming in.
Weird.
Sorry, my hair's a little crazy today.
My new hair is made out of the same fibers that make up tortoise shells.
It's not...
Obviously I don't have human hair anymore.
I need to do a new B roll every day.
That's probably true.
I'll get a hair...
I'll start getting more haircuts.
I always look the same.
I actually make sure that I maintain a consistent appearance.
You're always changing your face, yeah, to keep it the same.
I mean a smoother version of the same.
The less detail you have in your face case, the easier it is to keep it consistent.
Is that what you're going for?
Yeah.
The only human form is two floating eyeballs in a mouth.
You're on your way.
I hope so.
The Moon Spirit is fucking with the B roll.
It wasn't just the jackets, yeah.
You do look...
You're looking...
And I'm back.
What the fuck?
You're doing witchery.
Banditry witchery.
We can do it all here.
Um, okay.
Let's see.
Unfortunately, you'll be shocked to hear this.
We only have 20 minutes until the Patreon, so probably we just do this.
Maybe we'll have time for this expert request.
And then we gotta get over to this Patreon.
So that means Friday, maybe we don't do the news.
Unless anything major happens that I just am desperate to rant about.
I can't imagine that happening.
That's insulting me at all.
We'll just do the court thing and then we'll do games.
That could be our...
My big Friday plan to catch up.
Forget the Patreon.
This would understand if I'm like, look, I have to play Excitebike?
No, it's Insightbike or something.
Well, yeah, and the Noid game.
But let's hurry.
Let's hurry it up.
Let's use all of our speed to go amongst the webs.
You can share videos at the Kream.team in the bin section where there isn't amongst
the web thread.
See?
We're getting worse to sync.
Slowly but surely.
Okay, I don't know what the hell this is.
Let's find out.
This planet is called the Children's.
Good morning.
It's a super class, you guys.
You have to hit it with your whole body.
If you lose, we'll be in trouble.
You're too small.
But as a teacher, you're a real teacher.
I understand.
This planet's education is hard to grasp.
But you'll be a good teacher.
I'm doing laughs, Kase.
I didn't think it was good.
Me, too.
That's why I'm doing laughs at it.
Feels insincere when your face is like that.
Like what?
Was it leaking?
No.
I thought that was nice.
I like that he...he's like old.
It's funny.
He's too old to be making anything.
He's not even that old in that.
Now he is.
Oh yeah, are you AI?
I've been trying to get AI put into my face.
But the doctor said that it's not available yet.
But that the technology for AI face is getting better and better every day.
And pretty soon, I can prompt my face to change my nose aperture.
I can never quite dial in my nose aperture correctly.
Not even with all of the sculpting rocks that I have.
You know, Jeff, everything, I think it's really unfair that cliffhicular copter style so hard.
I mean, you were the original looksmaxer, essentially.
No Kase.
That was mummies.
Most of the most popular beauty procedures owe their legacy to mummies.
And the stuff that they feel demful of.
Don't you have a point?
Okay, I don't know what this is.
Let's find out again.
Oh, I just can't.
Not bad, but too real, guys.
Too real for me to enjoy.
Oh, God, more military stuff.
What's this one?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
This is from the White House.
Jesus Christ.
Board of Peace.
Seriously, they're exceedingly bored with peace.
Here's a clip from the White House official TikTok or something.
Great.
Lizard, lizard, lizard, lizard, lizard.
What the fuck is this?
Lizard, lizard, lizard, lizard, lizard, lizard, lizard, lizard, lizard, lizard, lizard, lizard, lizard, lizard.
I don't know if I quite get that.
I don't really like to do Polytech, but I don't quite get the message of that one.
Is the White, is that just the White House?
Is the TikTok for the White House just White House?
I understand that the lizard isn't me, but I'm just like, obviously I, I guess I, okay, this is the White, yep, yep, that's the White House's official TikTok.
Man, the griper army.
I guess we can rate, you can rate all of those together, Chad, those last two.
I mean, I've read the articles about how the White House, like, social media crew is entirely staffed by like, Nazi grippers that want to, that still want to sort of do the epic meme stuff of like the Ron DeSantis campaign, just in perpetuity.
So I should be surprised, but...
Are you doing vocal stretch exercises?
So that your esophagus doesn't shrink to the point where you can't breathe?
A very well-earned zero, I would say.
Ron DeSantis.
Remember Ron DeSantis?
Is it Rhonda?
His mischief, his name?
No.
It's funny that he's still, you know, like in charge of an entire, one of our largest states.
It feels like he's falling off the planet.
He's my governor, you know.
If you don't live in Florida, you hear about him a little bit less now.
Will they try to trot his ruinous figure out for the 2028 election if Trump doesn't attempt to just run again under whatever circumstances?
Because what a charisma fucking vacuum, what a disaster that was.
People really thought he was going to be the new scion of the Republican Party.
Instead he just became Captain Pudding Fingers.
At least sometimes things go wrong for the worst people and on some level.
Here's another video though.
Whoa, okay.
Did he die?
Well he's a wizard of speed and time.
And if you speed through time, you die.
As Tony Handcock?
That was something.
I don't know if I felt more inspired or disturbed.
Pardon me, feels like that's like the, what would be on the TV and like those Epstein dentist offices.
Think in the waiting room for the, for the Epstein dentist office.
They just be playing that.
But they didn't use those for dentistry, don't worry guys.
Mike Jitlow.
Wow.
Mike Jitlow, the what, what is it the wizard of speed and time?
It's a short film in 1998 directed by Mike Jitlow.
Jitlow everybody.
Mm-hmm.
It was preceded by a 1979 short film of the same name.
Oh, it was a full movie as well.
That was the sizzle reel.
They made it into a full length there.
Wow.
Okay.
Damn.
Well guys, add it to the trailers for whenever we get around to another trend, I guess.
I mean it was kind of oddly, some of the speedster stuff to look better than some of the speedster stuff from like the second Avengers movie.
Okay.
Oh, look at this one everybody.
See if you can spot anyone you recognize.
That's it.
That's all we got.
Just got to get the brand in there, you know.
Do it for the brand.
Guys, a little BTS on that.
You know what?
No, I won't leak Kendall Strait's secrets.
Okay, we all want to know what's the secret.
We can't.
I can't tell you.
What is this?
Oh, there's some strong contenders in here today.
Even though we got to go soon.
We need a rebuttal from Kendall.
9.8, better than the Wizard of Speed in time.
That's why they pair the big bucks.
Okay, let's see if we can all guess where this one's headed.
I did it.
My...
It's beautiful.
It's beautiful the way that horse girl is raised.
I kind of was inspired.
That one horse girl was so far ahead of the other horse girls.
Should they have tiny little jockeys on them?
No, because they're horse girls.
They don't need it unless they want that.
Unless it's part of it, I don't know.
I don't know the specifics of a particular fandom.
You don't think those are actual tales?
No, they are if you believe.
You have to believe in it.
Was that a young Kristino?
We didn't even get to talk about Kristino today.
You know, let's send it back to the newsroom so that we can talk to whoever the request was on our way out of here today.
Because we only have 10 minutes left.
We're already done. It went by so fast.
And I had the part of my brain that recognized his time removed.
To make my room in my head for a hair base.
And right now my hair made of turtle fragment.
Okay, stop getting parts of your brain removed.
But for now let's send it back to the news.
Did everything chose the elective lobotomy?
I don't even think you got the front part of his brain removed.
I think he's getting chunks out of the back unfortunately.
We're supposed to talk to Lee and Kennedy.
Oh man.
But I can't get him anymore.
Well maybe we can.
Let's see if I can find such a man.
Such a man is this.
Oh yeah, never mind. I got him right here.
Play RE9 on stream.
You know I did download it.
There's three games right now though that I want to play.
And I don't have time to play any of them.
But Slay the Spire 2 came out.
I'm a bit of a Slay.
I was an original Slay the Spire junkie a little bit.
So if I start doing that who knows.
Despite me kind of hating the trailer I've also been playing Mugenics.
Which I don't really like the art style of.
And I don't really even love its sense of humor necessarily.
But I find the gameplay weirdly satisfying.
And then I also have Resident Evil 4 which I was playing.
I played like two hours of last night.
Become a game streamer.
I guess I could just play a game for two hours instead of whatever this is.
It looks, I kind of get it.
I think it's supposed to look a little ugly.
I think the specific aesthetic of cats getting murdered is gross to me.
I do know it tries to punish you for save scumming.
Because it keeps punishing me for save scumming.
You can only do it once before it nukes your runs a little bit.
He needs to talk less.
I don't know anything about the creator.
Honestly.
I know that there was some controversy over I think like the H whatever.
Ethan Klein right?
Being a voice actor in it or something.
Being one of the cats.
And I have aggressively tried to eliminate that information from my mind.
New Leon filter.
I got a...
It's on the list.
But anyway don't worry.
Leon thank you for joining us.
Kia!
Don't worry I'm back.
And better than ever.
It's really dark in the studio right now guys.
That's why he looks like that.
What's wrong?
Nothing.
17 of Leon.
Yeah which one are you?
I'm the original.
Obviously.
He's just infected.
Maybe you hit the tanner a little too hard.
And I think maybe I shouldn't keep cutting to you.
I just you know you got a slightly worrisome look.
Yeah he's been out in those wet streets of RE9 for too long.
I don't trust this particularly on...
He felt on the... yeah I think he might have fallen down the same...
Well as certain other people on this stream.
Then can you turn on the lights?
Amen.
That's Leo.
Let's see maybe we can find a different...
We cannot find a different version of...
What's wrong?
That's Coach McGurk.
Yeah.
You guys remember me?
Coach McGurk.
Leo as Kennedy.
Why are you... you can't be Leon.
Look I'm just around and...
Shoot you guys thought maybe you don't want to talk to me or...
Even the Leon's not here.
The two are not related enough.
You know that crumb guy was saying you're kind of rude case.
There's sort of rude to people who come here.
What's that about?
Well I mean in my defense we were talking to Leon Kennedy and you just appeared.
When you say it like that you make me seem rude.
I'm just trying to fill in because the other guy...
Look like you made a man in brown face.
Okay that's not helping Coach McGurk.
What?
Ask me you stuff about Leon.
People say I look like him.
I don't know who said that.
I'm telling you people.
Well anyway you playing on the new...
Noid game?
New?
They're probably a new one right?
Do you like to kick?
I like to teach young men how to kick a football.
Just usually one or two guys on the team.
You know the main player in the backup depending on the size of the high school.
I've worked in a lot of different high schools so...
Team size varies depending on the needs of the particular school.
Why have you worked in a bunch of different high schools?
Because it's a competitive market case.
It's not because I get fired if that's what you're implying.
Have you ever been fired?
You're being rude again.
You've been fired from a high school that you worked at?
Everybody's been fired from a high school.
If you worked at high schools long enough, you get fired.
That's a fact.
Talk to anybody at a high school.
What did you get fired for?
I tried to do revenge of the nerds day.
To build school morale I did revenge of the nerds.
Themed the event from the football team.
And it turns out some of the things in that movie are a little regressive.
And some of the events I planned were not appropriate.
I wish it was a pany where they got me in trouble.
I tried to recreate.
All the football players wear a Darth Vader helmet.
Coach McGurk, we're going to call it there.
I'd love to leave.
You can.
Let's end the stream.
I'm going to leave this.
We'll be back on Friday with live court TV style coverage of Crumb's Trial.
As he's being sued by peen.ui for I'm assuming copyright infringement or misleading investors or all of the above, we'll find out together.
For now, in honor of this having to go do a thing with Cal, you know what?
How much people are on Nevermind.
Looks like Daniel.
I haven't rated them in a while.
Static Slater.
That's right.
Okay.
Boom.
Also he sucks.
Don.
Wait, who?
I don't even know who you're talking about.
Don Chunder going to be Crumb's lawyer.
Not that I know.
I don't know.
I haven't kept up with his legal proceedings, guys.
What am I supposed to know about everything that happens on the stream?
Like I'm the only person here?
Anyway, rating static Slater say hi to her for me.
What was I just going to do something else before we left?
I can't remember what it was.
Anyway, you can submit evidence if you feel like any evidence is acceptable.
It could even be quotes about Crumb that you've heard or any tips or images, videos, audio recordings.
Anything you want can be submitted as evidence in the court section of the cream dot team in the bin section.
A lot of sections.
Also, we didn't even get to cover the Kristianome news, but great.
Let's fire them even harder.
Let's see how far we can fire them guys.
Something for Casem.
Yeah, if you want more, we'll be over at the Patreon in one minute, everybody.
We'll see you on Friday, if not, or we'll see you just over at the Patreon on the Discord.
Bye-bye.
I'm fired.
I'm firing myself.
See, everybody gets fired for unfair reasons.