I'm Pupito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Six, five, four, three, two, one, let's Pupito!
Hello everybody! Good to see you all!
Did I get it? Ooh, maybe we can get it higher.
I was like to find my little straight hairs when I first see myself in the monitor.
Because they're always there.
I think I just gotta go further with it.
Maybe I do my hair like this today?
Can I drink milk? On camera?
The whole stream I'm drinking milk and I get my hair as straight down as I can.
Let's talk about the news.
Cut to the other camera!
Pupito, come on!
There is no other key. I already had something in my throat.
What's up, I've been... what's up?
What's up, I've been... what's up, I've been...
What is going on today?
Are you okay?
I got some hairs out of place in my esophagus.
You know what an esophagus is?
No! Yeah, I'm just gonna extraheal him. I always get a little bit.
I was like to huff a little bit in the morning.
Healings like coffee for dogs.
I've never met a dog that does healings.
You talk to me every day and day.
Three times a week.
That's true. The other days I spend with my mother.
You do?
I mean I will eventually when she picks me up.
So that's still a thing you think is gonna happen?
A thing I know is gonna happen.
Pupito ate a tiny computer?
Yeah, more than one.
Those little black bars you guys leave around? Like a Willy Wonka chocolate?
You mean phones?
Are we going to the Wall on Friday for real?
Why yes we are.
And uh... coming along pretty well.
All the red tape that is. That I have to clear.
To get to the Wall.
To let workers into the Wall.
Yeah, 9-11-2 p.m.
So sad that we didn't do it then.
Because it just the date... something about the date felt so right, but...
Sometimes you can't always have exactly what you want.
Oh, it's like the eight days of Christmas.
I think we should do at least that for one of our country's most momentous dates.
Are we gonna get raided by the ice? Ice in the Wall.
Not if I do all this paperwork right?
You thought he was eating sensor?
What's the thing on my monitor over there?
So I gotta look at you guys like this.
What the fuck?
Ice famous for following the paper.
Yeah, they would never just come to a place without like crossing all the eyes.
And dotting all the T's.
I see nothing wrong with what you said.
Papito's Mexican?
Am I? I thought I was dog.
I don't know. I'm assuming you're a Chihuahua, but...
I don't know if I can prove that.
Nobody can.
The debate has been demanded.
Lovely.
From Citrix.
Do zombies deserve basic civil rights?
Depends on the iteration of zombie, but it's not my thing to figure out.
We also gotta go to a how to with Jeb.
Maybe today he needs to learn how to belly dance.
Cause that's a goal that's been up here for way too long.
We're about to pay off another goal on Friday.
Hell, maybe I'll even have time to work out in front of a camera this week.
One way is to tell us to count the rings in the base of the penis.
Have you ever done that, Papito?
I've eaten a lot of golden rings.
And probably penises, but I never counted them like, together.
And say, six?
Six what?
Let's get into a little bit of news.
It's also good to see you all.
Skymer, Exterminator, Skull Meat, Lady All the Tricks, Propaganda, AppleDaple, Mr. WhoopieBooBoo.
Psychor, I'm saying it again.
Bons Apple Frog, MSG.
I think I saw Live and Sleazy in there.
Archangel?
Thank you so much for the 31 months craziness.
Rub some testosterone cream on?
That I still deny the S word of?
After reading that story where a baby got some testosterone cream on their genitals and like grew a mini penis,
and I was like, that can't be how that works.
But apparently that is how that works.
Still feels wrong.
Still feels like I'm spreading misinformation, but it wouldn't be the first time.
What crazy expensive restaurant will Cash be at next?
It depends when he gets more details.
As soon as he gets details on the killer or any evidence against him or anything that can hopefully, you know,
for his sake prove that he's like a left-wing extremist,
he'll be at one of New York's finest establishments tweeting away, I'm sure.
Seven Rings on Papito's dick.
Papito, there's a lot of talk on your penis right now.
How does that make you feel?
Doesn't make me feel anything at all.
Much like my penis doesn't, because I don't even know what one is or if I have one.
But I will count the range.
And I'm gonna say 12.
You didn't even look down.
I don't know where I'm supposed to look.
Nepal chose a new government using Discord.
We read about that a little bit on Friday,
and I was kind of, I'm kind of woefully uninformed on that situation.
So I didn't really want to wait into it too much.
I did read a story on it over the weekend though.
And it seems like there's a lot of contention in the U.S.
on the U.S. side of things as to what's even going on.
I've seen leftists online saying it's like a U.S.-backed coup,
you know, deep siop thing,
which I guess I feel like that's said about so many things.
And then on the other hand, some people being like,
well, kids, there's legitimate problems.
These kids have the right to protest.
I can't say I came away with a 360 view of the situation
after doing a little bit more looking into it over the weekend.
But it sounds like so many countries,
they're dealing with some real issues,
so I hope they're able to improve the situation.
And they got it.
It sounds like they're loaded up with a certain C word
that we've kind of been loaded up with possibly.
Possibly, allegedly.
Cream?
No, a different C word.
Bring back King Zog.
Why was Lyvin Sleazy's own message
blocked from chat when he's a mod?
Cocaine, yeah, they're loaded up with cocaine.
No, not Chinese.
As far as I know.
Okay, look, I'm already, that's why I've been avoiding
talking about the salacious details of the Nepal story
because I don't know what I'm talking about still,
even after reading one whole article.
Something about the king, is Zog bad?
Is Zog, am I saying a slur?
Is that a bad word?
Is just the name, oh, like the former king of Nepal?
Is that, is that his name?
You know what?
Let's just hit the news button
and we'll figure it out together.
It's news time.
Don't let them take it from you.
Alright, I feel like I just get up.
Flip and take you on a trip through history.
America is like a space jam.
I think Zog was the king of Nepal.
I said former king.
The depose, possibly being brought back.
His name probably isn't Zog, is it?
No.
But also, that's a banned word in my chat
and I don't know why.
And that worries me that now I've said it so many times.
Zork?
Let's look up the former king of Nepal's name
before we get into the other news.
There's apparently calls from a select few in Nepal
to bring back their former king
because the situation is like in all cases
where democracy seems to be on the ropes.
There's always a king floating around somewhere
to be like, I'm trying monarchy again, guys, come on.
The king of Nepal.
Okay, here we go.
Yeah, I already knew, I could have just told you this.
It's the king of Nepal.
Guyonendra Shah.
I'm just saying it carefully.
Like a responsible news CIA asset.
If you're a CIA asset, Rick,
can you tell us what the fuck is going on
with this whole shooter situation
because it seems very unclear
and even as I ask you,
I realize you're totally the wrong person to ask.
That's an FBI thing.
Separation of powers here.
This is an internal investigation of the country.
Whereas I'm looking, we're looking outwards.
I'm the Nepal guy, we should have talked about that.
What you want to talk about while my boy Cash is up to?
I call him Cash Money.
Ah!
We have fun.
I don't believe that.
I don't believe anything you just said.
Whose name is Cash?
I don't think you have a relationship with him.
And I know that he doesn't have fun.
For a fact.
You can't prove that.
Cash Money is the only one I use
for that particular turn of phrase.
You're... shit.
Just do the news.
You suck.
I'm mad at you.
That's fine, Rick. You can be mad at me.
I'm mad at you today.
Case is being difficult.
Alright, let's talk about this guy some more.
Why is there a six in there?
It's your headlines, man.
Okay, look.
He's leftist.
He's leftist and he has a trans partner.
And that's the end of the story.
Look, we got...
The conservatives got what they wanted.
He's a leftist with a trans partner.
That doesn't even seem clear at all.
So, over the weekend,
on Friday, I was like, you know,
maybe this story doesn't have the legs
that I felt like it did and they won't use it
as an interminable justification for
every dumbass thing that they want to do.
Who's calling him a dumbass?
Did you hit your head before the stream today?
No.
Hit your head.
I guess he had a potentially transitioning roommate.
It's so unclear.
Fake news, Ben is not real.
Take that.
You, Rick.
How is that a burn against me?
It's... I'm not... it's you.
Anyway, over the weekend, all over Twitter,
everybody was freaking out on the conservative side
about how he maybe has a trans roommate
that maybe he's in a relationship with
and they were trying to use that as like a
way to back-end him into being a leftist,
extremist.
Again, I feel like I am hopefully fairly clear
that whatever his stupid-ass ideology is,
which in my opinion is just brain-cooked online idiot,
which I think is an increasingly common ideology,
it doesn't fucking matter.
Again, the discreet ideologies of this shooter
should not be used as some kind of
wholesale prescription for what the fuck is wrong with our kind.
It's like the dumbest possible conversation, unsurprisingly.
And of course they're just gonna blame
anyone in his vicinity who's trans.
If he has a trans roommate, that's the problem.
Notice they're not blaming the Mormon church
or his parents.
It's specifically this one person that maybe
he had a romantic relationship with.
And all of this, in my opinion, needs to come with the
addendum of allegedly, because the FBI's reporting on it
as... reporting.
The FBI's fact-sharing on it has been
extremely confusing and bad.
What are you talking about? Didn't you see Cash's
frickin' big-time slam-dunk statement
of success?
You need to get this work case, because he's been...
he's gonna cash you up.
We already used that in the title stream.
Well, I'm using it again.
And let's watch it.
Cash video in the bin thread?
Let's watch this one first, and then we'll check if
that's a different one, because this is the one that
Rick wants to watch.
Well, maybe I don't care what you want to watch, Rick.
Well, this is important. This is our FBI director.
This is a case of respect.
Interagency cooperation case.
He's like CIA.
In less than 36 hours, 33 to be precise,
thanks to the full weight of the federal government
and leading out with the partners here in the
state of Utah, and Governor Cox.
The suspect was apprehended in historic time here.
He's so good at talking.
And I want to highlight what Governor Cox said.
He looks good.
This would not have been possible without you, the media,
and you, the public.
That's why we went so public, so fast,
so transparent.
It was so fast.
Connected to that transparency.
The crime scene, just a little bit more.
He's so transparent, I feel like I can see right through him.
It's a large crime scene.
State and local authorities, along with federal authorities,
process that crime scene quickly.
And I even had the ability to walk through that crime scene
and walk through the steps the suspect took.
Okay, okay, okay, look.
I see a lot of people in chat,
and they're ruining my enjoyment of this.
I'm not going to explain this at all because my boy cash is
representing what the whole transparent the FBI is.
We're practically translucent, though they are.
Sure, maybe the dad walked him in or whatever,
but that's only because my boy cash laid the groundwork of
sharing a video that nobody else would have,
nobody else would have done that.
It's incredibly common to share videos and pictures of the
suspect when there's a national manhunt for someone.
But nobody would have shared it like cash.
Anybody would have done it.
And also, it took him kind of a while to do it.
Well, they were using their advanced.
You can't know about that.
Yeah, what the fuck?
Aren't we supposed to have a Palantir police state?
Why couldn't they just turn their big tracking machine on
and immediately catch us?
They could have.
They just love to, they love rights.
So they didn't.
They literally said they were using software.
Yeah, he walked by like 10 ring cameras.
There were more videos on Twitter than what the fucking
FBI was sharing.
Well, we can't just share people's ring cameras.
That's their IP.
They could use that for TikToks.
Do you want to burn people's TikToks by letting the,
by letting big government access their ring cameras?
No, I just thought you guys could.
I thought you were the big, big police state.
Where's all the police, all of the overreaching,
you know, constant surveillance.
We're doing that.
I swear.
It just, he got, it was, the computers were firing up.
Okay.
We burned out a couple of 40 90s.
We don't know 50 80s yet.
They're trying to, trying to run them through all the
elbows.
We're tracking you.
Don't worry.
We know you're every move.
Then why is everything on this so confusing?
Let's just listen to my boy cash.
You're getting in the way of the victory celebration here.
Play the victory music to learn more about what was
needed and what resources we needed to prayer to create
a full picture for the prayer at all the resources.
You should back in Washington.
Furthermore, thankfully to state local partners,
forensic evidence has been seized and continues to be
garnered.
They're garnering the evidence.
And evaluated FBI laboratories in Quantico and state
local authorities here.
We will continue to process as we see it.
Fucking music.
And we will continue to deliver to Governor Cox and his
team.
Oh, come on.
Last night we had a total of approximately 7,000 interviews.
Excuse me.
7,000 leads as of this morning.
Thanks to your great work.
We have over 11,000.
We're all in to the FBI.
And we are running out every single lead that we can.
Every one of those leads will be run out.
They're running them out.
The arrest is a testament to dedication to law enforcement
being great.
And partnerships in law enforcement, which I've tried
to highlight as my tenure as the director of the FBI.
There is no better relationship for law enforcement
than the FBI department.
This makes them sound kind of cool actually.
I'm back in.
In these last few days.
The FBI Salt Lake field office along with our offices in
LA, Phoenix, Denver, San Antonio, Las Vegas.
Do not play this.
Stop playing this.
I want to express my deep gratitude.
Case.
I don't know what to do.
Women.
The evidence response.
Back to the staff.
The agents, the support staff.
You have done monumental work in historic time.
When the public who had a right to demand such an
expeditious solving of an investigation.
The FBI answered that call.
Dilligently.
Critically important to our nation.
And we delivered.
And I'm proud to be the leader and I'm proud to be the
director of the FBI.
This is a very much an ongoing investigation, as the
governor said.
And we will continue to work with state and local
authorities.
To develop the investigation to provide them the
evidence they need for their ongoing prosecutions.
And we will be here to answer every call they
absolutely have.
As long as it takes to the next few days,
we will be here to answer every call that we
absolutely have.
As long as it takes.
I agree with the call we have.
As long as we need to find and apprehend whatever
suspects were involved in this crime.
Lastly, to my friend Charlie Kirk.
Bring it home.
Rest now brother.
We have the watch.
And I'll see you in Valhalla.
Thank you.
The other guy's going to stop it.
Pretty sick there at the end with Valhalla.
Charlie Kirk was a...
like...
Charlie Kirk was an extreme Christian.
Extreme?
I just mean the very least.
He was extremely Christian.
But you really want the Valhalla shout out?
It's the operator talk.
You don't get it.
It's cool man.
They were warriors.
How is Charlie Kirk a warrior?
He's a warrior of the mind.
He's doing mental battle every day on the
campuses.
The front lines of thought crime.
Uh...
Yeah I mean...
Why does everything feel like a Tim
Robinson sketch?
What do you mean?
He's...
They got him.
Well first of all, allegedly.
I mean it seems likely to me I guess
that they did.
But again the dad turned him in.
The dad who was influenced by
Cash Patel's strong leadership.
Cash looks three feet tall.
No he's like at least five.
You think he's five feet tall?
He's probably more but he's at least five.
He can't even like...
And I think you should hold every misspeak
against someone.
I do it...
a lot.
Sometimes I've said things on this stream
by garbling my words where I'm like,
oh no.
But...
He's got a teleprompter and he's not
even shooting from the hip.
Well you know you could shoot from
the hip he's trained.
I don't mean...
It's just every other word out of his mouth
is like a...
We have ascertained the watch of...
It just feels like he forgot his fucking homework.
He wasn't even wearing a frumpy suit
but in my head he's in an oversized suit
with the sleeves all the way over his hands.
He looks like a fucking Charlie Brown
character to me.
You know?
It's just so bad.
Why is everybody so bad?
So bad!
That also fixed wing asset?
That's just...
You don't understand.
Operator speak.
No cuff links.
That's probably...
We can agree on that.
And you should have worn a cowboy hat.
I'll give that to you.
But you can't get a hundred percent on every test.
Yeah, why does it feel like he's still auditioning?
Why does it feel like he's auditioning for a role?
Well every day is an audition to be yourself.
And he succeeded.
Big passing grades for me.
What's the complaint here?
That he sounds like a fucking doofus all the time.
And that he's just trying to smooth over the...
Seeming incompetence?
What incompetence?
The...
Like...
What did they even do?
They waited!
They're asking for booze, Rick.
And I feel like you deserve them.
No...
The only other option is to laugh at me?
I don't even care.
Boo-ay!
Oh, I'm the heel now.
What?
Just because I like our country still?
Maybe it should be illegal to have thoughts.
I mean, for you to...
Well, thanks a million point, Star.
I am a fixed wing asset.
I've fixed myself to the wings of our great country.
And regardless of who's president, I'm on board.
Yeah, why are you so hard riding for Biden too?
Because he was president!
And now Trump's president.
And we the people spoke and I'm on his side.
Just like we all should be.
Why is it so hard for you people to get?
Why you gotta say you people?
Case, you can't say that you're a white guy.
Alright, you're giving me a weird look.
Oh, shut up.
Castle culture's dead unless you said something bad about Charlie Kirk.
Oh, don't even bring that up.
Waits...in the news, Case.
Another weird thing about this Charlie Kirk story.
Fixed his hands to his ankles.
Are you trying to tie me up like a pig to roast?
Because I'm trained to get out of that.
Maybe we are, Rick.
Another weird thing about this Charlie Kirk shooter story.
Um...
Is some of the...
I don't...I'm not like a...I don't really think it's cons...
I don't think it's a conspiracy.
I think it's basically that they probably have the correct person.
But some of the details they've reported just don't make any...sense?
Or there's just all sorts of weird contradictions.
Like they reported that he sent a bunch of discord messages
in relation to the shooting either before or after.
But then the official spokesperson of discord has, for some reason,
like this is a risky move on discord's part if it's not true,
denied that that happened.
Oh, what do you mean?
A discord spokesperson pushed back later in the day telling the Washington Post
there was no evidence Robinson planned the shooting on the platform.
The messages and references in recent reporting about planning details
do not appear to be discord messages.
The spokesperson said their work...these were communications between the suspect's roommate
and a friend after the shooting where the roommate was recounting the contents
of a note that the suspect had left elsewhere.
So it was on discord?
No, I'm just being...a lot of the most forward reporting on this
has been that they use discord to determine that he's definitely guilty.
Like I'm pretty sure there's an AP story we have that's essentially leading with that.
They probably met Club Penguin yet.
Well, that's basically discord, right?
You don't know anything, Rick.
I refuse to learn what Club Penguin is.
The tech company whose platform authorities claim Charlie Kirk's alleged killer used to plan his murder
has denied their version of events?
Okay, fine.
Fine. That's the thing they've said.
But what are other people saying?
From Reuters, suspect wrote note threatening Kirk tied to scene by DNA.
FBI director says...
Yeah, and he said this on Fox and Friends.
On...well, you gotta...
Was he not supposed to talk to friends now?
Uh, sorry, I got an intellectual story.
The suspect accused of murdering right-wing activist Charlie Kirk
told another person in a text message before the shooting that he planned to kill Kirk.
FBI director Cash Patel said on Monday,
which in case you didn't know is today.
Yeah, I was aware of that, Rick.
Well, I can't just assume things.
In an appearance on Fox News, Fox and Friends...
Oh, why? I guess I was a little legitimate.
Patel also said investigators believed the suspect wrote a physical note...
Wait, believe the suspect?
Well, they believe it.
And that means it's true.
Believe the suspect wrote a physical note saying he had the opportunity to take out Charlie Kirk and would do so.
The note was destroyed, Patel said,
but investigators have collected forensic evidence that it had existed
and confirmed its contents through interviews.
General Chang tried to kill Kirk?
What are you talking about in the chat right now?
Sorry, I should read the chat while you're reading, but I never do.
Fox and Friends is basically a presidential briefing.
Yeah, they just had the president on.
Not all the fucking time, actually.
It was clearly the game facts for him.
Well, that's the thing.
Like, I'm not even saying it's...
I don't think it's likely that this is some, like,
again, fucking stupid Psyop thing that people like to throw around
or a conspiracy.
I think it seems fairly likely that this kid did it.
I just don't understand why the way they're talking about it is so bumbling and odd.
Like, why aren't they coming out with clearer information
when there's so much national attention on this?
What's not clear?
He wrote something somewhere that got destroyed, maybe,
but we believe that it proves a thing.
Also, couldn't all this shit get him off?
Like, assuming he did do this?
The confusion is the point?
I'm tempted to agree with you currently working,
but, like, to what end?
Just the general dissolution of trust and everything?
I feel like the mission accomplished already.
It seems like at this point they need to have a little bit of...
Like, if they really want this story to be effective propaganda,
they want to hang this around the neck of his roommate for some fucking reason,
then they, like, need to be clear...
I don't know.
This is why I feel like this story isn't going to have the legs
that I thought it would have in the immediate aftermath of the shooting.
I think they're still going to use it as a justification.
I just don't think it's effective propaganda.
And I guess I shouldn't be surprised that they're being grossly incompetent,
but, like, to pull it on more than the fringes and the people who are already on your side,
like the lumpen base of the right wing,
you need...
You need this story to, like, stack up narratively in a way that people can track,
and right now it doesn't make any fucking sense.
Live in Sleazy's team cataclysm.
At least I can... I'm always in favor of a good old apocalypse,
which really just means rebirth.
Burn the forest so that the flowers may grow.
That's not even how that works, I don't... anything.
You don't know how forests work.
They want it so bad not to be one of their constituents.
Yes, they really, really want it to be a leftist.
I can't, I just don't care.
I don't care what this fucking idiot's ideology was.
Can they do a reality show where they pair this guy up with Luigi Mangione?
People would enjoy that.
People would have... people would definitely watch that.
Your team meteor!
You can't count on a meteor to get us out of this one.
Unfortunately they move at actual cosmic scales,
it's like playing lottery.
All of us are craving the sweet release of... of volcanic ash,
but we probably won't get it.
That's how you feel, Rick?
That's how everybody feels. That's not how everyone feels!
Yes, come on, we all want... judgment.
We're just trying to hasten that process, isn't that the national project?
Hastening some type of biblical or short of that?
Cosmic justice?
No, what?
Oh, well that is the project, just so you know.
That is what we're going for.
But I'm pretty sure most people want it, you're being weird.
You're saying insane things.
No.
Well, let's get back on track here.
Battelle did not offer more details on who had received the text message,
or whether anyone had seen the written note before the attack.
Investigators have not publicly identified a motive.
Law enforcement authorities have said they believe the suspect acted alone
when he shot Kirk, but are investigating whether anyone else had a role
in the plotting.
Project 2012 is going according to plan.
I mean they're just doing a lot of it.
I just... I don't know.
I mean obviously I want them to fail, but...
It's...
You want?
Oh no, are they trying to detonate my heart bomb?
Oh no, I'm good.
You have to put a heart bomb in for a loyal Theof.
I don't think that's true, Rick. They might have just done that to you.
No.
What were you saying?
I don't know, you're being too crazy.
Team Solar Flare, but only affect Fox HQ.
Oh, just blind them all?
Krillin's Super Solar Flare?
Krillin!
Oh, shut up, Rick.
Oh, what?
Also, the FBI shouldn't be involved if this is not a federal case
and there is no legal way it can be turned into one.
Legal way? Come on, are we still bothering with that?
Yeah, case and I are in agreement here.
Well, I was kidding, Rick.
Oh, well I'm not.
Great.
Didn't his family say it was far right?
Yes, they interviewed the grandma.
I mean they interviewed a bunch of them.
Supposedly all the people around him are cooperating,
but there was one slightly amusing moment where the grandma was like offended
more than anything by the idea that he was left-wing.
Well, people don't want to be misrepresented.
It won't be a federal case.
I'm assuming. I mean as much as you still have to observe norms,
I don't think they care if it's a federal or a state case
or a local case or whatever.
It's going to have national attention and national pressure on it.
So it's as good as a federal case in my opinion,
even if it's not prosecuted that way.
I'm sure that there's actual legal differences
that will make a difference in how the case is pursued.
They just want TV for the trial.
Who?
I mean I'm sure TV, or should love TV for the trial.
I'm just amazed at how incoherent it all got.
So quickly, when they seemingly got the layup of getting this kid,
if they could have just gotten their story
and like a couple of basic details straight,
then they'd have probably, they could probably cobble together
some propagandistic narrative that they could run with,
but it seems like they can't even accomplish that.
They never get to do one, they never get to do one.
The governor is wet.
What?
Trump already has checked out of it
and would rather talk about his beautiful ballroom.
That was in, that was day of.
He was already like, get me to the baseball game.
Let me tell, oh god, we have to find that one clip of Trump.
It was over the weekend, so it's probably already disappeared
into the Twitter hole, but this was an all-timer Trump clip,
assuming I can locate it.
Oh, fantastic. All right, it's a little loud,
but hopefully you can hear him, because you know,
this is our president, we have to listen.
Okay, so he asked, how are you holding up
over the last two days, I guess, at this point?
And I think you'll be able to hear Trump a little better, hopefully.
The construction of the new ballroom for the White House,
which is something they've been trying to get,
as you know, for about 150 years,
and it's going to be a beauty.
It'll be an absolute and magnificent construction.
And I guess the older trucks, we just started,
so it'll get done very nicely,
and it'll be one of the best anywhere in the world, actually.
We're going to take it all right.
He's holding up very well.
What, do we need him to be sad?
Well, they're asking that everybody say they were sad online
or face the consequences of the Twitter hate mob, I guess?
Oh, yeah, that's also happening.
Cancel culture is back, but with a vengeance,
and this time it's your turn, guys.
God, I hate, I hate that people are talking about this this way.
There's been so many comparisons.
So anyway, basic facts.
Someone on Twitter is compiling a list of people,
or there's multiple people doing this now,
compiling a list of people on Twitter who they think had
an inappropriate reaction to Charlie Kirk's passing.
And they're trying to then cold call their employers and stuff
or basically make people in their lives aware
that some of these people had an inappropriate reaction
online to Charlie Kirk's death to try and get people fired.
It's like a real thing that's happening.
Unfortunately, the narrative, even people on the left
seem to be going with, is like, Republicans,
you can't do this.
You're doing cancel culture, which you hate.
And even though everything has been so dumb,
well, I'm not even going to put a timeline on it.
Things have been very dumb lately.
Just like, something about the conversation around this
on social media has really made me feel like we're living
in fucking like muppet babies, and all the muppet babies
have brain damage and they all have guns.
Like everything online is just so fucking stupid right now
that I just don't know how to talk about it.
It's a journalist from the Washington Post got fired
for using Charlie Kirk quotes against him.
Yeah, like people are legitimately getting fired.
I understand there's a comparison to cancel culture
in the sense that both movements potentially had people
get fired, but also I hate the fucking term cancel culture.
It's so played out.
I think it was always just a basic description.
Now you're thinking about baby guns with brain damage
and you're about to cry.
Well, just think of them as cash Patel for a minute.
Be on the wrong side of history in what context
live in sleazy.
It is stupid, but it's also being amplified.
Well, that's my feeling.
I know that people say like online is like a,
like the internet is basically like a radicalizing machine.
Like it's pumping the furthest left people
and the furthest right people.
I don't really think that's the case anymore.
I think it's like a stupidity amplification machine.
I'm saying those firings are on the wrong side of history.
Yeah, I mean, they 100% they are.
I don't agree with the firings at all.
And the bigger problem is the firings
than like the moral argument people are having around it.
But it's like there's just no Twitter and Twitter
so that's basically the one thing I think
that's really important is in particular
has become just like this graveyard of the human mind.
It's not even an echo chamber.
I legitimately feel like the algorithm is currently designed
to pump the dumbest fucking people on the planet
saying things that do not make sense.
Like it's not even like on the right.
It's like, oh my god, that's so extreme.
It's like, oh, that argument on its face makes no sense.
Jesus Christ, it's all of its like rage bait for how stupid it is.
And I know that the internet's always been that way a little bit, but like Twitter's
owned by a Nazi and you got out of there.
That is the right, that's the right idea.
I even, I guess angry, but also like, maybe it's just designed for people to be
like, well, I guess I'm smarter than this.
Like I can see the holes in this argument, but it's, it's having like,
it's like manufacturing consent.
And to me, it really feels like manufacturing stupidity.
Like I think people are designed to think that if something has a lot of
attention, that means it must have value or is like worth discussing.
But the way that the internet works right now, it amplifies just like these
ideas that don't warrant any consideration and it pumps them straight to the top.
Like in all cases.
And it, I just feel like it's not like that's the sole cause of, of seemingly
every figure you see an authority being a complete fucking idiot.
But it really just, it feels like it's an echo chamber, but the only
thing it's radiating is just like these incredibly dumb, easily disprovable
notions that I feel like even 15 years ago, you would have just shrugged off.
And now it's like the main conversation.
We should look up gun Mario.
Yeah.
Gun Mario presaged all of this.
It's highlighting the dumbest opinion because those are the ones people
want to see.
I don't know if that's true.
I'm not entirely convinced of that.
That's why I feel a little bothered today.
Uh, gun Mario was banned.
I mean, I don't think people in all cases know what they want to see.
And I don't think social media right now is serving people just like the
hors d'oeuvres that their brain secretly craves.
Like I don't think this is some, um, like cosmic fact.
I don't think this is some like base reality that just it's always was
going to, it always had to go this way.
Like I think he's, I think Twitter has become actually worse.
It was always probably bad for us, but right now it feels like it is
specifically designed around all issues and all ideological
spectrums promoting the dumbest idea that it can find to the top.
The only crook I recognize is James T.
That's smart.
My friend legitimately said the guy from growing pains when the news broke.
Wait about this killer.
I think it attracts the most attention, not what people want to
see.
Yeah.
And I think, I think like currently things get attention when
there's like enough friction around them in the sense of there's,
they're full of holes.
Like if, if an argument is really stupid and easily disproven,
then you can have a big fight about it.
And then when you swing in there to agree with it and say,
you're misrepresenting the issue, even though it's very dumb
on its face, it creates like this back and forth over essentially
nothing over like a initial bait statement that somehow got
defenders on both sides.
It's like, it's like Kanye saying crazy shit, but just, it's
everything now.
It's like Kanye says something racist and awful, but then an
army of defenders show up and then it just creates, it
creates a conversation around what should have just been like,
oh, nevermind.
Fuck this.
Let's move.
Let's not talk about this guy and let's move on.
Master Betis, please.
Yes.
We, it is a jerk off.
It is a circle jerk.
It is a hole that everyone is jerking off into.
That's what Twitter has become.
And they don't even like what they're jerking off to anymore.
Is, is my feeling.
Well, you started, you made it sound you went to a place
with it that was even worse.
I'm going to take a phone call.
Well, I'm, I'm going to take a phone call.
It's Kendall called and I will stop talking about jerk,
jerking off for a second.
Hello.
Oh, you're on the stream.
Sorry.
I'm coming home and ask if you could drop me off at ages at
four in the morning.
I sure can.
Okay.
Um, how far away are you?
40 minutes.
Okay.
I might do a shorter stream today because Kendall's going
out of town.
So we got to hang out.
Okay.
Okay.
Well, I'll see you soon.
Okay.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
Yeah.
Kendall has to go.
She's going out of town for a couple of days for work.
So she has like a really early flight, but I will be a
really good boyfriend and take her.
So you think you're onto something just because you
noticed that the internet stupid?
I just, it, it's, it's worse.
My argument is that it's worse and that I do think the
algorithm has rolled out in such a way that it seems
to be actively promoting.
It feels like it is heat seeking for dumb ideas that
people that can then get angry over.
I know it's always done that, but I think it's doing
it more and I think it's doing it worse.
And I don't know this whole Charlie Kirk situation.
It feels like it's that plus the wider culture
responding to that.
Like you don't have to say anything that makes
sense anymore.
You can be the governor of the state and be like, you
know, he did have a trans roommate and they're
probably at fault.
And he's a leftist and you're like, what is he even
trying to get at?
And it just doesn't matter because online, they'll,
all these fucking figures are equally online now as
every other idiot and they're going to feel pumped
up by their own shitty stupid argument and then
they're just going to keep churning through it.
I don't know.
It feels very bad.
It's bad.
I'm saying it's bad.
I understand.
That's just what conservatives do.
Well, okay, here's an example of something that
bothered me from someone I respect, whose
reporting I usually really like.
And this is, this would be an example in my opinion
of the conversation having to be in a really stupid
place, even from smart people.
Because I don't want to make it sound like it's just
conservatives that do this.
Like, I don't know.
Let's, we'll read this and some of you might agree
that I'm not trying to say you're stupid if you
agree with it, but I do think the basis of the
conversation is kind of dumb.
Well, I'll be the judge of that.
This entire campaign to cancel and get fired
at every person who said something critical of
Charlie Kirk after his assassination is certainly
something the right has the power to do, just as
the left had the power to do it with people who
offended them at the height of cancel culture.
It was wrong when the left did it and it's
wrong now that the right is doing it.
You either believe in debate and speech and the
First Amendment or you don't.
Clearly very few people believe in that anymore.
The problem for those who reject that founding
idea is that the only alternative is violence
and that's absurd.
We're not resolving our conflict violently.
It's just not possible.
So go ahead and reproduce this new right wing
cancel culture to replace your left wing cancel culture.
But don't you, but don't think you're different
than those you say you hate and want to destroy.
I like Ryan Grimm.
He does a lot of reporting on Palestine, but that
is just such a dumb place for the conversation to be.
It is like trying to equate the entire movement of like
when people say cancel culture, in my opinion,
what they really mean is there was a period between
like 2015 and 2020 or maybe 2010 and 2020 where I felt
like I couldn't say the R word anymore and girls
that work made me nervous.
And I, you know, I felt like I could step in it at any moment.
And if you really press them on it, they're like,
yeah, it started with fucking Harvey Weinstein,
but within a month Aziz Ansari was getting canceled too.
And it's just like it's just not comparable to like a concerted
right wing attempt to get people fired over speaking out
against the assassination of a political figure.
They're like not comparable situations.
And Ryan Grimm is a smart guy.
That's the thing he should fucking know.
But the whole conversation is so in the goddamn mud
that like this is where it ends up.
Even journalists you respect are like, well, now there's right wing
cancel culture. It's just like, oh, fucking choke me with the hate sock.
Honestly, we can't even watch Cassum's Star Turn in our word.
Police. I know.
Look, I'm not saying that it didn't take anything from us.
I've just been like the fact that people despise the Me Too movement,
which was just about women being like, we deal with sexual harassment every day.
Let's actually talk about it and try to change it.
People are like, that's the same as imprisoning people for talking about politics.
It's like, no, those things aren't fucking comparable.
It's just like, I don't know.
I don't know how you have these conversations.
And the fact that I'm even talking about it and being bothered by it
means this whole system is working.
So I don't know. It's bad.
You've made. Yeah, you're saying it's bad, but.
So is the new Marvel movies.
People still watch those.
OK, never mind. You know what?
You cleared it all up.
Oh, thank you.
It's just jokers being mad.
They couldn't be assholes in peace.
What about is a misdisgusting?
Yeah, I don't know.
I. I don't have a solution for it.
But the the conversation around this Charlie Kirk shit is just getting
dumber and dumber and the consequences are not becoming.
You know, the consequences aren't getting dumber.
The consequences are staying real.
People are losing their jobs.
Now people are having arguments of like, well, they said, fuck Charlie Kirk.
So should they be a teacher?
It's like, most of these people have no real frame of reference
to some of the shit they mouth off about.
Some of us lost whole families to actual fastest, actual dictators.
And we know what this shit looks like because we are taught it from birth.
Yeah, it's like being like I had to change the word I used when I
when I say black person and and I'm furious about that.
So now it's my turn to ideally throw people in jail
if they say something I politically disagree with.
Like that ever fucking happened.
It's like Jordan Peterson being like, I will not be compelled to use pronouns.
And he never was.
He never was compelled for a fucking second to use it.
It's all just like it is just simulacrum bullshit.
And now we have to now we have to like act like that's the basis of the conversation.
And again, journalists that I think are some of the few journalists
that I can like tolerate the reporting of are right in line
to talk about it in that exact same context.
It's very disappointing.
Ryan Grimdom does have some bad takes sometimes.
And it's not like it's his job to always be right on everything.
But I don't know.
That one depressed me in the sense that I was like.
Where do we go?
Where do we go if we just want people to have any consensus at all
about like what's even worth talking about?
Obviously, not Twitter is the answer.
So it's kind of my bad for even being on there.
But anyway, let's move on before I blow out this microphone.
Ham Nolan is usually on the left side of things.
And I also like that their name is Ham.
So maybe I'm just using the wrong sources.
He has said some dumb things about the DC occupation.
He has said a number of he says stuff I disagree with.
Like again, nobody I say fucking dumb things, too.
It's just like it just feels like the whole conversation box
is over the dumb shoot that's spraying all the dumb up.
You left her long ago. I couldn't take it.
I mean, I tried to use blue sky
and I can't say that the skies felt that much bluer over there to me.
I mean, definitely more liberal, which I would say on the whole
is preferable, but I also like maybe my algorithm
has just become pure poison.
It might just be more of a meat thing,
but I barely use Twitter anymore.
I really I only check it like sometimes before this stream.
I don't even check it when I'm taking a shit anymore.
Sometimes I'll check it in the morning
if there's like a news story popping off or something.
So I barely use it.
But when I do, I'm just like, oh, my God.
And then when I see reporting around it from outside of Twitter,
it's kind of framed around like Twitter conversation still.
Half of the stories we read here are screenshots of a fucking tweet.
So.
You need to follow more people on Blue Sky.
You never get those old man thirst traps.
That was the one thing I liked.
Be Grendel.
I'm just going to lose that.
I mean, you know, it blue sky did have a little bit
of an echo chamber vibe to me, too,
although a preferable echo chamber.
I have no advice for where you should go.
If you want to absorb decent content online.
Why I just I I guess if anyone else out there feels like
the Internet is trying to drive them insane,
I'm right there with you.
I'm just trying to commiserate, I guess.
I feel more sane than ever.
OK, so that's a you think.
The show isn't driving me insane.
My own internet footprints keeping me sane.
I swear. Are you sure about that?
I'm sure about that.
OK, well, anyway, that's the Charlie Kirk situation
in incredibly broad strokes and mostly me ranting.
But you get it.
They're trying.
They're going to try to hang this around the next
of their enemies, which they see as trans people leftists.
Maybe they'll find an immigrant in somewhere
that they can yell at for doing this somehow
as the more after the Mormon kid shot the guy.
And the conversation around it has never been worse.
And they're trying to use it to actually have, you know,
consequences on people's lives.
So it's bad. It is bad.
But we'll move on.
We'll move on to other stuff for now.
Let's watch the movies or something
because we're certainly not going to talk our way out of it.
But maybe we can at least watch trailers
and in by deep the art of film.
It's movie time.
I'll tell you this.
I don't know what shit case was talking about
because I wasn't listening and I'm ready to watch movie
to watch movies.
I was just wondering if you were going to say movies.
What did you think?
I was what else would I say?
Yo, did you hear my fucking sick track
that I recorded on Friday?
Yo, let's play this shit.
I don't think it's done mixing.
I'm pulling it up regardless.
You know, I was on it, too.
What the fuck? No, you weren't.
It's my track.
No, I mean, I recorded a verse for it, too.
That was the request.
How could nobody told me this shit?
No, it's my track about me
and my extracurricular activities, which are fucking.
I mean, I was asked to do it, so I did it.
So I'll go for a music video.
As long as we cut Chris's part,
I was going to play it while I look up trailers.
This shit, this shit is my shit.
It's not your shit, Chris.
Look, you're most of the song.
Shut up. It's my song.
It's got a lot of lead in.
Are you going to look up trailers?
We're talking over my song.
I left instantly after recording my track
with these fucking fire, obviously.
Autobiography.
This is my life.
It's a song.
I don't know if that's what you're going to get, young blood.
Maybe don't look at this rating.
It's a 10.
It's a five.
Yes.
But I got to save the rest for the official release.
I don't think you're getting an official release, young blood.
That's I think that's the most release you're getting.
It's about release.
It's all about release.
I was kind of hoping to be a six nine,
maybe a six seven.
I want to just be a 10.
Why'd you say that?
It's just the thing that you say now.
Did you even figure out what trailer you want to look at?
No, I was enjoying my song.
Jesus.
All right, I'll find them then.
Fran doesn't get a really.
I get I got all the release.
I'm also understand the doubling tondras.
And I do both the sex and the song.
Just relax, young blood.
We're just going to watch trailers.
It's totally not about you rapping.
This is about us watching trailers.
Nightmares of nature.
Whoa, what?
Oh, shit, real ass nightmares served up hot and fresh by nature.
For once, there's something we both want to watch.
Let's see what it is.
Nature is full of wonder and beauty.
But for the creatures who live out in the wild,
this place is a nightmare.
Oh, shit.
Today, I'm going to tell you a scary story where
the trees have eyes.
And every sound could be the last you ever hear.
In here, nightmares are realities.
Anything that moves doesn't last long.
When you figure that out, the better your chances are
of staying alive.
I think that raccoon's OK.
I mean, it seems to be like a horror documentary.
It's from the makers of the conjuring.
Yeah.
I mean, it is still like a nature documentary, right?
And the purge.
Does that just mean they said, let's make a horror
nature documentary that raccoon is dead?
Well, they are right that, you know,
the natural world can be a little brutal.
And a lot of creatures meet their end.
Not the raccoon, though.
I mean, have you driven anywhere?
They killed rocket.
I don't know if I can watch this sort of fucked up,
kind of a fucked up view of nature.
Well, look, I mean, they're obviously
playing up the horror aspects.
There's also otters.
I'm sure otters are never doing anything fucked up.
Check out the Argonaut trailer.
That's what I put when I requested the segment.
All right, let's do that next.
Argonaut.
Oh, hell, yes, right here.
OK, Argonaut, it is.
No one and nothing seems able to stop it.
Starship's not working?
Sorry about that.
Invincible, invulnerable.
I'll hit the boss.
Argonaut, the fantastic Superman.
But even he had his Achilles heel, a beautiful woman's kiss.
There we are.
Kill each other.
What the hell?
What do you just do?
Argonaut, the fantastic Superman.
Kill each other.
What?
That's his power?
A man gifted with such extraordinary powers
that ordinary men were helpless to cope with it.
Everyone and everything was pitted against him,
from hired killers to the most diabolical inventions
of modern science.
Did he get shot in the dick just now?
He's immune to that, I guess.
The world's most beautiful women buy it for his favors
or the chance to kill it.
Even Russian baddies can't resist his lies.
Kill each other.
Kill each other.
No!
Who's doing it?
Who's killing each other?
OK, it's a nice run.
The fantastic Superman.
Here's a picture which will take you on a journey out of time.
I thought they were done for sure.
They're not done.
Cally won a quest of thrills and laughter from start to finish.
Be sure to see this Superman power.
Kill each other.
You're trying to use your psychic powers
to make me murder you?
There's no one else in the room.
And you're a shape shifter with that hat.
So who knows what kind of powers you have?
That's like a different hat in the wide.
That's a crazy power.
How come they didn't show us the payoff there?
Kill each other.
Wait, I'm going to look this up.
Argo man, kill each other.
I want to see what it does.
This is the opening scene from Argo Man.
I want to see his powers in action.
That is a smart strategy.
Yang Zuo-an.
Yang Zuo-an.
He's been caught.
Is he like an American asset against the Vietnamese?
What's happening?
Kill each other.
Kill each other.
Whoa.
He's sick Halloween costume.
That's some pretty good advice, actually.
He kind of did a mass murder, though.
Well, they were going to kill him.
But he didn't feel bad about it for even a second.
He's pretty sick.
Oh, you think it's good?
I just mean, you know, he's like fucking,
he takes no prisoners, dude.
Yes.
If Twitter was a person.
Man, that's what Case was talking about earlier.
Nah, I think Argo Man's a little too advanced for Twitter,
honestly.
Case would kill each other costume anywhere he went in that.
Kill each other.
Kill each other.
Sometimes in the trailer, he'd hold his hand out.
In this one, he'd just look left and right
with his beady ass eyes.
I think the eyes are built into the visor thing.
Let's do one more trailer, man.
We honestly should have ended with that,
because that shit was too good.
Monster the Ed Gein story.
Oh, The Witcher season four.
OK, well, whatever.
Let's not learn about Ed Gein.
Let's learn about if Liam Hemsworth can do a scratchy voice
as good as the other handsome guy.
It's a race.
Stand back.
With his words, your mortal shall meet my fate with fiery hell.
We got locked up using Argo Man powers.
Kill each other.
I just want to see him do that shit now.
Let's do the Ed Gein trailer, because, oh, wait.
I forgot to hit this.
Rank all of the things you've seen.
This is an Argo Man.
Pick your rating here.
I don't even care.
That's not how movie ratings work, man.
Whatever.
Just to kind of summarize.
I think Argo Man might pull everything up to a five.
That was not Highlander.
That was Liam Hemsworth.
The not Thor.
The other handsome one of them.
I think they're all probably handsome.
Yeah?
Seven?
Looks?
I can't tell.
I thought, I can't remember if the first Witcher
looked good at the time or not.
Butcherozentic is more spelled.
I mean, he's still like a big guy.
Isn't Liam Hemsworth like a big guy?
Is he short?
Aren't all those Hemsworth guys tall?
The other guy is way taller.
Liam Hemsworth height.
How tall are we tall?
He's 6'3".
OK.
And David Cornswet 6'6".
Holy shit.
That can't be right.
Henry Cavill 6'1".
Oh, Henry Cavill's shorter?
So he's just less beefy.
Henry Cavill's only 6'1".
Henry can't really act, though.
Can Hemsworth?
I don't even know.
Who can act?
Danny DeVito.
Shit, that's true.
Oh my god.
They should, they could have, they had the opportunity
to do the funniest thing.
Oh, now you have been on Twitter too much.
David Cornswet being 6'6".
Is accurate.
That's crazy.
That's really tall.
Danny DeVito would, it would be pretty fun
if he was the Witcher.
I bet there's already fan edits of that.
Even that they put him in a lot of different properties.
I've heard that, you've heard the source material
isn't greatest.
I tried to play the game, but you had to mix
too many flowers and then I lost interest.
You could have skipped the flower collection aspect
of the game.
That I'm not even playing the game.
It seemed like relevant to me that I needed to collect
lots of flowers and mix them.
And I just refused.
So I gave up.
You mean the books?
No, I think it's a game actually.
I don't really know what you're talking about.
It's based on books.
That doesn't sound right.
That's all the time we have though.
You like the books, but they, writing's kind of weird.
Sometimes it doesn't translate.
Great.
That's what happens.
That's why my memoir is being written as a film.
Kill each other.
Obviously he gets it.
Look, don't kill each other.
Careful, I might develop those powers at any moment.
But don't do it.
Don't kill each other.
Put those positive vibes.
Because y'all get it?
Y'all get what trailers is.
And that actually means you know what it is.
We'll see you soon.
Bye bye.
All right.
Back with my preferred crumb.
At least a couple more times before I have to go into this
wall just so I can get you extreme plastic surgery
or whatever your deal is.
So whiny.
Go in the wall and fix me.
Fix my mistakes.
Well, I guess I'll do that.
You'll still be a piece of shit just so you know.
If he doesn't come get me soon, my zombie,
as is going to eat him.
You have not moved in weeks.
All right.
And I and the kill each other.
The slot bucket and I will not under you proves that you
are not moving.
And I actually hired someone to clean the slot bucket
because I'm tired of it.
I'm tired of your slot bucket.
I had to drill a cut a hole in your chair.
And also no poop comes out.
Just stuff.
What are you even eating?
Oh, you don't want to tell us the secret diet that got you
well plus the ground munch.
Oh, my God.
That's fucked up because I'm paying someone else to do it.
That's how you treat the people you hire that I hired.
You're telling him, of course, you finally decide to go
into the wall when I'm about to have the best Halloween
costume ever.
I'll cancel it.
Just admit that you want to stay like this.
That's an improvement.
Monks, zombies, free the zombies.
Bart got old.
No, he just wanted his voice to be more mature, I guess,
because he's so insecure he can't handle each other.
You know what these one second,
I got to get rid of this freaking devil overlay that
still haunts me.
The devil keeps trying to reassert his overlay
because he just wants his presence to still be felt on this show.
I think that's sad personally.
So needy that devil guy.
OK, where even is it though?
Looks like today they think you're going to.
They're trying to take the long shot that so that's not
surprising.
Get out of here with this overlay.
Out spot.
There we go.
Better feel like my head's clear now.
I can debate you on the important subjects of our time,
which is, of course, in this specific case.
Do zombies deserve basic civil rights?
No.
How does that make you feel?
Your dead is what they think of you.
I don't think that.
I think you're a god.
That's why you have civil rights.
What's that smell that you fart?
It's you.
It's always been you, Crumb.
Even before this.
I've got a surprise waiting for you.
We still can get those ideas.
Yeah, when's Case's fucking series coming up
that he spent all that time planning?
The answer is it still is, according to him.
But it's taken forever.
What do you think of that, Crumb?
You know, man, your hair, man, your hair,
it has that look.
That looks of a dehydrated poop.
You're a dried poop.
You're calling me a dried poop?
Hey, gorilla and munch.
Kill each other.
The gorilla's gone.
And frankly, mission accomplished.
According to some allegedly, munch make people, Miss Coach McGurk.
I heard that he fucking reappeared.
And that's he's had a contract with this show, not
the rest of this show.
This show that is the main show, which is Munch and Crumb,
that happens to be on a different stream.
This stream should be called Munch and Crumb.
But really just munch.
Hell doesn't mean cucumber salad.
Well, look, that might be true.
And you would only get upset at this, I'm assuming,
Crumb.
If you consider yourself a zombie,
I've always thought that you had a dead brain.
Boom.
But because you're a person, it shouldn't bother you.
But I don't think the undead deserves civil.
I'd rather have my penis than a Halloween costume.
But I shouldn't have to make that decision.
Maybe your penis can be the Halloween costume.
I've always kind of imagined that you're not
dickless, so it shouldn't be that hard for you.
You know what I'm saying?
Let me start at the start, then take it away.
My name is Simpson, Bartholomew J.
That's Bart with an art and a capital B then simp plus son.
That's me.
Introductions aside, let's move right along.
You can all sing along at the sound of the gun
once upon a time, about a week ago all along.
Was that the Bart man?
Does that have an intro?
Or is that a different Simpsons related rap?
Also.
Get me out of here.
Ice is rounding everybody up.
You're trying to steal Valor from the real illegal immigrants
that I'm ideologically bound to support the deportation of.
Want to push back on that?
That'd be convenient if you could do that.
Yesterday I found a Sega down here in hell, which is sick.
But the only game is Michael Jackson's Moonlake or so.
That's not great.
Still nothing better to do in hell, though, except maybe
watch Bruce Willis Surrogates again.
You're still watching Bruce Willis Surrogates?
There's so many Bruce Willis films.
All five die hard films are right in there right for you.
Look, we have a debate to get to.
I think the zombies don't deserve civil rights.
These rights are valuable.
We can't be spreading them around to everybody,
especially people that aren't bodies.
They're bodies.
So no, sorry, we've got to draw the line somewhere.
But I'm assuming as a disgusting monster,
you want your monster-ness protected or some shit,
so you're on the other side.
We have a mod that can make that debate.
I'm on the side of na-zombies.
Come on, you're eating people.
You can't be doing that.
And you're on the side of pro murder,
AKA letting them do whatever they want, unsurprisingly.
Nothing to say.
Silence that last.
Man, it feels good to shit.
Kill each other.
You up.
Go!
This is the kind of shit zombies say.
Kill each other.
That's what they want.
You know, the devil is really good at bubble ghost.
Who knew?
Really?
Well, it can't be that hard to fucking Trent beat it.
So I don't know how impressed I am actually.
And I'm also not impressed.
Have you seen Hype Train today?
No, I haven't.
OK, he doesn't pull enough subs to unlock that hype train.
This is a show up every day.
Bobby Kennedy is going to turn us all into zombies.
So please give them rights.
No, he's through the power of seed oils or whatever,
he's going to keep us from ever dying.
The thrust of humanity is towards an immortal perfect
being.
Look, with enough science and enough health,
we'll all eventually amalgamate into one perfect being
that probably kind of looks like the thing Crang wrote around
in.
And then there will be no more inequality.
And that will be the most alive we can be.
And we can only do that by respecting life and the push
towards eternal existence.
Not zombies, though.
That's the opposite of what I'm talking about.
We don't want to be clouding our brains up,
thinking that the undead are people just because they
have the howling, raspy voices of our loved ones.
Don't get confused.
It's a classic zombie movie problem.
You're like, oh, I locked him in the bathroom.
I'm going to go check on him even though he's a fucking zombie.
No, their only right is that they get shot in the head
and that they blow up.
Their head blows up in cool ways.
Sorry, those are just the rules, Crang.
As you think you're.
I said my rocket, right?
What?
You wish.
What do I wish?
What is your defense here of zombie rights?
Why is this so close?
Don't mess.
Look, Kendall's here.
Hi, Kendall.
Is that?
Kendall's going to shower.
I cut your debate off because I was saying hi to a friend.
In hell we have to debate constant.
Time.
What?
Debating is for the angels, OK?
RIP to all the great debaters debating up in heaven.
You know what I mean, Crang?
You're just jealous that I still have better skin than you.
Anyway, actually people's agree with me.
You can't be given rights to zombies
because they like to eat brains.
And that's rights deniability.
That's rights denying behavior.
Sorry, zombies, but in this case, boom.
Unshockingly.
We're on the side of respecting life, the right to not
undead life.
We can find a better term for what I'm describing,
but the point is you lose, Crum.
Is my wife with you munch?
Did you just deny civil rights to an oppressed minority?
I think it's actually offensive to compare zombies
to minorities.
How about that?
Checkmate it again, everyone against me?
Hellman's mayo is the devil's.
Think about it.
I thought about it.
Why?
All mayo is kind of gross.
What's wrong with Hellman?
I met Coach McGurkin Hell.
He's still coaching me.
He hates your guts.
He fucking died?
I didn't even hear about it.
We fell out that hard.
I didn't even hear about his death.
God damn.
When I get back home, can we play
Cendron Kagura together?
Only because I like that game.
I thought I wanted a game with you.
But it's hard to.
I miss my friend all.
You miss your friend, Al.
Well, maybe he's in fucking hell
because I deleted that persona from existence.
The deleted persona's got to.
You know the cake has been pretty dry down here
recently.
The cake is dry recently?
That means you made the cake in hell worse.
That's an achievement.
Munch hates ice.
So mask men should go after munch.
Ice?
Listen, did I get confused and try
to make bold proclamate?
Ben Still does not endorse imprisoning children.
You say Ben Stiller?
I need to clarify this.
Look, Ice, I said some things about how you should never
get ice, how ice ruins everything,
that ice is flavorless.
It's an overreach and that there should be no rights for ice.
I did say all that.
But I did mean in the context of like it was space in a cup.
It was low hanging fruit.
I thought that and I but I said it.
I did I won't apologize but I admit I phrased it in a way
where the lesser minded thought I was talking about our boys
in black as I like to call them those masked up heroes
that hide their identities like all superheroes.
I can't bear being patient to you anymore.
Munch, resurrect me or else.
What do you mean?
I'm Friday.
I'm moving at the fastest pace possible.
Cop out was an underrated Bruce Willis flick.
Cop out?
Oh yeah, that is a Bruce Willis movie.
I always think it's a Kevin Smith movie.
See you next Friday.
Both are technically true is my point
and we're not watching it on Friday
because I got to do your shit.
I'd rather watch cop out.
Munch is so ignorant.
Not all zombies eat people.
Which ones don't that aren't Disney characters?
Cause those don't count.
Those are just teenagers.
Zombies are people too.
They can eat brains ethically and can live in peace side
by side with their humans dot dot dot dot kill each other.
You just said to kill each other in the middle of all that.
Eat me Munch.
Eat you?
Trying to pull me into your weird shit.
The zombie fetish you got going
that everybody won't shut up about.
Stay on topic.
Stay on topic.
At least we're talking about zombies
which was the thing that I won.
You're just mad that I have a right to kill people.
Yeah.
I have to kill people.
If I don't, I die.
Don't deny my right to freely express myself
by eating babies.
Listen, only government officials
and really rich people have the right to kill people.
So me and you're not a mayor anymore so you don't.
You lost your license to kill because you're also broke.
Who's been walking over here?
Is that Kendall F and Lynn?
You're late on that.
You're late on that.
She didn't want to say hi so she didn't get the music.
Those are the rules.
Isn't Munch a zombie?
He says he is a thousand years old.
The fuck did I just glimpse into?
Why is Chris existing in some liminal space?
Chris are you there?
The fuck?
I just see into the wall briefly.
Look we gotta go.
Okay, I'm feeling unsettled.
Just another white man telling everybody what to do.
Yeah, don't use ice.
Nobody needs ice.
It's just a waste of space.
Literally just big government trying to reach into your cup,
take out a bunch of space, you know?
A bunch of necessary, a bunch of load bearing aspects
of the drink.
Come.
Why did your voice just change?
Did you just say come in a different voice?
Rocket Rackram is being censored.
Why did you say come like that?
Why are you British?
Hudson Hawk rocks.
All right, look, I don't understand what's happening.
So I'm just gonna get out of here, man.
Jesus.
Too much.
That says come voice?
Did you just actually-
I still have my revenge.
You just actually come because you don't have a penis.
Does that work?
Is that a thing that you can do?
I'm thinking a game of-
Dumbass.
All right, you know what?
Whatever, I don't even need to justify that with a response.
I'm a winner today, just like every day.
And I will be the next time you see me in two days.
Bye bye, everybody.
Twitch broker.
Where's my thing?
Or a little intro thing?
I don't know.
So this doesn't work.
Who knows what?
We've got a messy, sexy bedhead today.
You like that?
You're pulling it off a little bit better than me.
But let's look professional, Jeff, okay?
Now my hair looks flat and sexless.
Barely sexual.
That was a little sexual for me.
I don't need to know this.
You already know it.
Just by looking at me.
We're a gentle reaper.
You feel intimidated by the size of my beard?
You can be honest.
No?
Oh.
John Michael says Twitch was broken early.
It was like that in other channels.
Can't change your sub-bedge.
Gifting and bits are wonky.
They're denying us our bits?
I hope that doesn't happen on Friday.
Certain things are built in to bits.
What are you talking about?
Don't worry about it.
Okay.
Well look.
We gotta do all the news now.
We gotta hurry up.
Cause somebody's always gotta go.
Yeah, I gotta spend time with Kendall
before she goes on a trip.
You're lucky it's about Kendall.
Or I would kill you.
What?
I don't know.
I don't know what I wouldn't do that probably.
I can't stay mad when we're talking about Kendall,
the star of the stream.
See?
Okay.
You've been sharing stories possibly at the cream dot team.
Or at least you can.
Let's see what you've got for us today, Chad.
Bruiser St. George, thank you so much for the 12 and or...
12 months, there we go.
I never trust my on-screen one,
cause it doesn't so weird.
But thank you so much.
12 more months to go.
What does that mean?
I don't know, I'll probably have to do this
for longer than that.
I could still be in this place when I'm 60.
I'll be outta here though.
I've got greener pastures ahead.
You're not tying me down, Case.
There's a road of opportunity for me.
For me too, I'm just a sucker for Monday, Wednesday, Fridays.
Okay.
Maybe the news will run out in 12 months.
Let's hope not.
Cause that sounds even more worrisome.
Okay.
Oh!
Ah!
Fuck it, I'm outta here.
I don't have to put up with this.
You don't have to put up with a hype train.
What do you mean?
It's not that hard to put up with a hype train.
Ah!
Ah!
So now my music.
We did little kisses this time, kid.
We just did little kisses.
You can be cute as a couple.
Ew, stop it, hype train.
I'm with you today.
I came into the studio.
I'm just outside the window actually, don't get confused.
Oh, you are?
Yeah, I'm just outside.
You just wanna make fun.
Okay.
You wanna do the news with me?
Yeah, but I need a beat.
Get me a beat.
Turn down my ex-attractive hype, Peter.
I talk to him all the time.
I don't know, I'm in hell.
I was more sensual that time.
If, whoa!
Give people the thanks.
I know!
Getting grossed out by my kisses?
It's a little gross how you make out
with that panther every time that it shows up.
It's my girlfriend.
I'm in hell most of the time.
I barely get to see her.
I don't even know the gender of that panther.
Not that it's fine either way.
I don't either.
We're both very forward thinking.
I don't know what gender is, I'm a train.
Come on, you could at least, well, whatever.
What do you want?
You don't wanna?
Get me a Garfield type beat.
This is why Chrome wants to divorce you, hype train.
Oh, God, we're getting to that.
That was like a,
that was more like a madcap, screwball,
1990s comedy marriage.
I can't, I'm not criminally liable for my marriage to Chrome.
Oh, you should be criminally liable for any marriage.
You've never been to hell, dude.
You don't get how it works.
Play me a Garfield type beat, I have people to thank.
I got all these people with this Garfield type beat.
I got Garfield on the track.
Yes, it's a Monday beat.
Hip-trate.
Beating these feet on the beat.
Ooh, ooh, ooh, who's a St. George?
Oh my God.
12 months.
You're my new lord.
Card King, you the best before you go.
Three community subs or two, either way.
Card King zero one, let's go.
Scammer with the panther that I love to give.
Dilemma with the cancer that, cancer.
Panther?
Cancer panther.
Did I tell you that the panther has cancer?
What?
Or you were a senior recovery?
You talking shit about me and kissing that panther
even though I have cancer?
No, I didn't know that.
Well, they had it and they were cured by my kisses.
So now how do you feel?
You're claiming you cured the panther with your kisses?
That's right.
Curing kisses.
Curing cancer.
This is curing cancer.
All my kisses were the cancer.
Rumble stroke of doubt with 100 bits to show.
You know I never felt like apple,
dapple, not the spout.
With 100 bits and cancers for me to kiss
and cure when it's cold and neat.
Got the 26 months that is so silly.
Both dog 14 with the 34.
And that's it, baby.
In case there aren't any more.
News time.
Speaking my voice.
Yeah, I was doing that.
My impression of you.
This is my impression of you.
I wanna do the news.
Come on, you have to admit that's pretty good.
That sounds like I'm taking a shit
and talking or something.
That's what you sound like you're taking a shit.
If I'm struggling.
What?
That's fucked up.
You talk about living in piss constantly.
Barely.
You do it almost every time.
Or is there any piss news today?
No, well, I don't know.
But probably not.
And you don't have that much time, Hype Train.
You could disappear at any moment.
So get, I should eat more fiber.
So you gotta get to newsing.
Okay, scuba-clad man,
Rob's Disney Springs restaurant is swims away.
We don't have a video.
So I guess I'll just read.
Kendall's here.
Oh, you made one.
Who's that walking over here?
Kendall made an invisible drink.
You fucking lunge.
Yo, let me tell you about a girl in Kendall.
Got a vibe so wild that she's really wild.
It kinda looks like you're drinking a swarm of flies.
Kendall's voice was inside of me.
Attitude popping, always popping off.
Say the wrong thing.
She's gonna pop like a cop, a loop.
Ween cracks down with the grin that yelp that soul.
She said it needs more.
That's what we all need, case.
And I'm weighing of this stuff.
Investigators are searching for a man.
They say Rob the popular Disney Spanes
was worth by swimming up in a scuba gear
and a wet swoot.
Swoot.
Wet swoot.
And then he swam away with thousands of dollars.
They keep that much money out.
Disney's making money.
Hey, but isn't everybody paying
with credit cards and stuff?
And Disney and hell, you have to pay in cash.
It's really inconvenient.
I'm hoping to get a magic band soon.
I wanna pay with my wrist, I will have a wrist.
I'll have to put a magic band around my smoke stack.
Well, piss stack.
Okay.
Thanks for the updates.
There's hell in Disney.
Of course.
We got three.
How, how would they urinate before?
Yes, a piss story, I knew it.
Boy born without private part grows penis during service
at Apostles Suleiman's church.
Watch.
Watch?
Them grow a penis?
Why you sh!
Mm, okay, there's no penises in this.
So they must be discussing penises, so we can watch it.
In Suleiman's church, someone without a penis
has grown a penis, so they can piss.
That's all the setup we need.
Let's watch the video.
Why you shouting?
He was born without penis.
Ah!
Why you went brain?
He was born without one.
Without, without it.
Nothing, nothing, nothing.
No private part.
No private part.
No private part.
No private part.
He just came out.
He just came out.
He just came out.
He just came out.
Wait a minute, I got a little nervous
that they're gonna show this little boy's penis.
Are they?
Please don't.
I have to do a more thorough check
now that I understand the full context.
Okay, we can continue.
They don't.
They don't show it.
He just came out.
He just came out.
He just came out.
He just came out.
He just came out.
He just came out.
He just came out.
He just came out.
Where are you?
Who's that?
This is the mother.
Where are you from?
She's crying.
She's crying.
She can't talk.
Is this how you celebrate Jesus?
She's crying.
She's crying.
My God.
My God.
Clap your hands for Jesus.
The hype drain has died.
I'm back from the bathroom.
What did I miss?
The bad foot came composed in
Hallelujah.
That's beautiful.
Why are we playing that?
A kid regrew his penis so he can piss.
I can't even click on this story.
Trump announced second US strike
against the legend drug boat from Venezuela.
What?
Oh, sorry.
He regrew it.
Piss does find a way.
Oh, this thing is mad at my ad blocker.
Of course.
They're always mad at my ad blocker.
You're not excited for that kid
regrowing his penis through the power of God?
Obviously I'm in support of everyone
regrowing whatever they used to piss.
But you think that happened?
According to him, the parent of the kid that is.
How'd they piss?
How did they piss?
Well, they re-grewed their penis
so we no longer have to ask these questions.
Piss finds a way as my brother's,
not my brother's pointing out.
Let's just talk about this other story.
I'm too confused.
Trump announces second US strike
against the legend drug boat from Venezuela.
But wait again, they already sink it.
It's probably, I'm gonna assume it's a different boat
and they didn't just bomb the same patch of water.
But maybe I shouldn't assume that.
President Trump announced Monday
the US military has carried out a second strike
on alleged Venezuelan narco terrorists
in international waters.
The president said in a post on True Social
that the strike killed three male terrorists
who he accused of transporting illicit drugs.
The post included a video
and appeared to show a strike on a boat.
Ay-yay-yay.
Yeah, I mean, in regards to the first shooting,
they all came out and just listed gang names basically
and were like, and that's why we did it.
So I doubt that they're gonna offer a lot of proof
in this case, especially considering it's getting announced
on the president's Truth Social.
Well, he could be sharing all sorts of forensic evidence
for why they're terrorists or whatever.
Narco terrorists.
Combine the war on drugs with the war on terror.
We never stopped combining them actually.
So I guess it's a continuation.
Didn't you see the tattoos on the boat?
It was clearly a gangster.
Ooh, if we could zoom in and enhance,
we would see a bunch of numbers on here
that are probably like an area code or a zip code or something.
I think that's what all gang tattoos are.
Aren't all gang tattoos like a zip code?
I don't think so.
Or at least an area code
or maybe a social security number.
Just never get numbers tattooed on you
or I think it means you're in a gang
and they can bomb you.
Currently, that is basically what that means
despite what you're saying.
Not making a ton of sense.
Sometimes they're the numbers of a pizzeria.
Again, numbers are the common element here.
The attack came two weeks after the last one.
Trump said on Monday his administration also plans
on stopping drug cartels
that transport illicit drugs over land.
The same way we stopped the boats.
What's Donald Trump Jr. gonna do though?
If they stop all the drugs from entering the country.
What do you mean?
I just wonder what he would do.
You know, what would Trump's beautiful sons do
if there were no drugs?
I'm gonna just say they'd be fine
because of, because nothing we're saying,
the alleged in Minecraft.
Invent new drugs, there you go.
Hmm, what's move on?
Very well, check police.
Check police.
Police.
Check police.
Say it fast.
Okay, yes.
Check police.
Upperhand man driving Ferrari F1.
Leverede GP2 car on motorway.
What?
What did I just read?
Leverede?
Is that some kind of crazy British English word?
F1 livery.
Am I, am I being, I'm probably being dumb.
I also don't know what that means.
It's like a type of race.
I've missed a few comments.
What?
Trump also said that 300 million Americans
died of drugs last year.
Well, prove him wrong.
You probably just look it up to prove him wrong.
300 million?
You know, you can just consider
how many Americans there are.
300 million Americans?
How many of our friends have we lost?
I guess almost all of them?
So sad.
There's a video of him driving.
Okay, let's go to the video.
Let's watch this man Leverede.
An F1 Leverede.
It's probably a place now that I think about it.
He's just on the road.
Whoa, is this other guy chasing him?
Because there's no way you're winning, right?
Everybody's passing him.
That's a real flex.
Nobody's missing their chance to pass the F1 car
on the normal ass road.
I was just saying the same thing.
It's crazy.
Yes.
Cool.
Well, a cool guy doing a cool drive.
I'm assuming that's not legal, right?
Well, although it is not known
whether any modifications have been made to the car,
it's, in its original guys,
the GP208 was powered by a Mechacrome 4-liter V8
producing over 600 HPB.
Those are the only facts I care about, Case.
Leverede is the dressing of a vehicle,
the paint job in decals.
Oh, we all know.
We more or less knew that.
The car is a GP2, which is a category of race car.
The F1 paint job looks like the F1 Ferrari team.
So is he in trouble?
The police said the man was unwilling to cooperate.
The driver who was stopped by the police
and identified in the car refused to comment
on the whole situation when asked to explain
the police will proceed with the entire matter
into administrative proceedings.
He's in trouble.
Yeah, great.
He can't even drive a race car anymore?
It's literally a road.
Where else are you gonna race it?
They're not supposed to race on our transit roads.
Heroin the UK, I suspect.
Basically driving a non-road legal car on the road.
Did we care about that?
I thought we're done with laws.
Aren't we done with laws?
There's still a couple left.
Couple of those transportation laws
might be worth holding on to.
Well, we'll be the judge of that.
And by us, I mean, I'm not sure.
Only, yeah, this isn't even the USA.
Those pesky British laws.
As ancient as the Magna Carta.
A recent analysis of the Sapphire Canyon Mudstone Core
drilled by NASA's Perseverance Rover in July, 2024,
adds a new evidence to the ongoing search for life on Mars.
The study describes minerals and textures on Earth
are often linked to microbial activity.
At the same time, the authors stress
that non-biological chemistry could also explain the signals.
Oh, I said authors, thank God.
Yeah, I thought you said the other word for a second.
I wouldn't want to get caught with my pants down,
just dropping science.
I love it.
Shit guy, it's science, science, science.
I'm here today for a sorgical scientific story
of the scientific variety
about space this time, Chateau.
Wow, Chateau.
You're spaced out, bro.
A wild Chate has appeared.
You were walking in the tall grass of Skye-Ens
and you have approached a random combat encounter
of the mind.
And your mind has just encountered his powerful brain.
And now I will tell you the facts of it.
Very good.
Good stuff, Chateau.
Thank you.
Let's find out what the fuck is happening
with aliens, apparently, existing,
but also they want to tell us they don't.
Myra Skye-Ens, call the Adeptus Mechanicus.
Absolutely.
If we get a couple of space orcs in here
just to wail some aliens into life,
I would appreciate that.
The finding my perseverance is the closest
we've ever come to discovering life on Myra's
to finish the sentence of Jeff,
who just summoned me like a fool.
The identification of a potential bio-signature
of the red planet is a groundbreaking discovery.
And one that will advance our understanding of Myra's
is acting NASA administrator, Shun Duffy.
NASA's commitment to conducting gold standard Skye-Ens
will continue as we pursue our goal
of putting American boots onto the Mars
as a rocky soil.
Why's it gotta be rocky?
Sometimes it looks like red sand to me.
Does that count as rocks?
You know?
I just said the same thing at the same time.
Whoa, that's crazy.
Chateau, are you the embodiment of cases dyslexia?
Yeah.
A thousand percent.
Oh, I don't know.
You were aware of that.
I'm aware of all sorts of stuff.
I didn't know where all the bathrooms are in this building.
I pay attention to things.
Inside the Marcion mudstone,
lead author Joel A. Hurowitz of Stony Brook University,
Spoo for short, reports a fine-grained mudstone
with circular reaction fronts
and formerly called Leopold Spot.
Leop... Leopold?
Leopold?
Are you asking?
Lappert.
Fuck, I knew that.
Leopold Spots, plus small nodules embedded
in layered sediments.
Perseverance is Sherlock and Pixel.
Instruments met organic carbon with fist-fate iron
and sulfur arranged in distinct repeating peturins.
Two minerals stand out, viviente and griquite.
Viviente is an iron phosphate.
Well, griquite is an iron sulfide
associated with iron and sulfur cycling
and oxygen porcetines.
These features, sorry, this is highly technical stuff.
These features show up in rocks
that settled from water, not in lavas.
Even though it looks like a fucking lava level,
let's be real.
Why is writing about Mars seems like propaganda?
Earth.com, that's fucked up, man.
It should be Mars.com.
Like Kate and Leopold, the Megaraon movie, I think so.
They might have found signs of the Kate and Leopold
Megaraon film on Mars, which would be a huge get.
What's the point?
Earth microbes lead similar traces.
They also lead vivientes and grigantes.
Laboratory and fieldwork document biology
mediated viviente through extra-
through cellular or electron transferor.
A potential biosignature is a feature
that might have a biological origin
but still needs more more data,
more and more data to rule out nonbiological sources.
NASA points mission teams in the public
to the confidence of life detection
or cold scale, which encourages stage claims
and independent checks.
Well, independently, just take the wins, guys.
You know, fucking often we have to say
this is probably just like fucking rain sediment
or some boring shit or there is some sulfate interaction
with the red dirt and it made stuff
that looks like worms.
But actually that cool face on the planet
that looks like it was carved, it's just a fucking...
It's a fucking dust patch or whatever they're gonna say.
It's sediment.
No, this is alien proof.
Can we just admit that?
Well, they're trying to.
They're just trying to do skines, I think.
I'm just saying the skines is...
Sounds like they did it, so just take the dub.
Beneath the surface of Mars,
there comes a giant hate sock all hopped up on space dust.
Maybe the hate sock is empowered by...
Maybe there's space on there?
Cause...
Cause Dune kinda look like Mars?
Dune do kinda look like Mars.
So maybe what we're finding is that Dune be documentary?
Dune could be documentary.
Maybe worm?
Maybe.
We're speaking in Skines talk where you use less words.
We're trying to shrink our sentences down.
Highly skiantific.
Okay.
I'm not gonna bum myself out by reading all these unnecessary explanations
when basically it sounds like at least there's little squirmy biological shit on Mars.
I mean, there are probably huge ass worms and spices, real.
A Dune Cumentary.
But dude, it will be that we're gonna end up living in the Dune Cumentary.
Dune Crematory?
It's real, is my point.
Dune is a total recall plus time.
Dude, I've been Dune-ering all day.
I've been so hyped up on all this shit.
Tiny ass little worms on Mars?
That means big worms probably a thing.
Yeah, I mean, small enough life just does kinda look like a tiny squirmy worm.
I've always said that.
Microps is just chubby ass worms that are real small.
And we found them boys, so...
We will be keep tracking this late and breaking news story.
That is also a Skynes story.
But we currently returning to your regularly scheduled news,
which is maybe not about Skynes, but if it is,
they should just call me back because I'm the best at it.
And I will continue to be forever at also saying goodbye,
which is what I do now.
Shit guy, it's science time.
You listen, yeah, it's science time.
Geez, right back.
Right back at it.
Sort of a sweet relief of just him having to blabber on for a little bit.
But I guess I'll read more news.
Let's just get through these last...
There's only... we're almost fully caught up on all the stories Chad has shared.
Completionisting the news. This is all the news.
Congrats, Chad. You are no longer the largest form of life without a brain.
Ha ha ha.
He didn't read that in time, though.
And he'll never really read.
I think he's like Papito. I think he kind of vibes the words out.
Who else is available to interrupt, chef?
Oh...
Don't say that. Just because I give you the news hard and fast,
doesn't mean you can't handle it.
Ew. Some people can't handle my news thrust.
Well, we're going pretty slow. Well, I'll give it to you harder.
Ricky Hatton, former boxing world championship.
Oh, well, that was a bad transition.
I didn't read the story beforehand.
Sorry about that. That is a bummer to hear.
Ricky Hatton, former boxing world championship has died at age 46.
A former British world boxing champion.
I...
I'm not terribly familiar with most boxing world championships,
but sorry to hear about that passing.
Exhumation point, Boo Jeff. Don't do the thing for me.
I can only do that so many times per stream.
Fine. You're lucky, Rick already did that.
Ice Cube says he shot his War of the World scene
in 15 days, isolated from the director and other actors.
This was the only way?
There's a couple other ways I could think of.
Like, just do it from home in front of a green screen.
It would have looked almost the same.
Oh, come on. You haven't even seen the movie.
How did that possibly take 15 days?
Well, everybody's assuming Ice Cube didn't take this seriously.
But maybe he did?
During a recent interview with Kai Sinat.
Well, everybody's honest.
The Friday Star said that the viral War of the World's Remake
was produced in 2020 during the COVID pandemic.
You could barely tell.
Because of health protocols,
his scenes were compiled in 15 days
and had to be shot isolated from the director and his co-stars.
And not because it all looked like it was on a webcam.
They used a big old camera and then downresed it
to look like a webcam.
I feel like you could say, oh, shit, once,
and they could use that, take 50 times in the movie.
I feel like they did do that based on what I've heard.
But I haven't even watched it yet.
Then you are unqualified to have an opinion
on Ice Cube's incredible turn in this beautiful film.
What else did they tell us here?
Well, yeah, War of the Worlds is an adapted movie.
Ice Cube, then they're just describing what the movie is.
It's War of the Worlds, but shitty.
We all get it.
Maybe they had more to say than that.
They really didn't, I checked.
This free driver, free birdie,
free diver held his breath for over 29 minutes
underwater shattering the world record.
And there is a video.
29 minutes, one breath.
Whoa.
How is that even possible?
It's not.
How can a human hold their breath for 29 minutes?
No tricks, no magic.
Just the most oxygen a body can carry.
I trust this guy.
And the absolute stillness of mind.
Before the attempt, it immediately
inhaled pure oxygen for 10 minutes.
10 minutes?
That's to discharge this blood, dissolving
O2 not just in red cells, but also in plasma.
Like a dolphin.
Something that doesn't happen normally.
Oh, cheating.
He started to dive nearly five times more oxygen than usual.
You, he regraves, dig to it.
That's beautiful.
But it's not about how much you inhale.
It's about how little you need.
No panic.
No luck.
Never panic.
Just silence.
That's how you make it to 29.
These are just salads?
It's sponsored by the Bristol Hotel.
I cut away before the ad.
Sorry, Bristol.
Well, if anybody could do it, it's the Bristol Hotel.
If anybody could hold their breath for 39 minutes, 29 minutes,
29 minutes.
And yeah, it'd be a regular visitor of a Bristol Hotel.
He was in a waiting pond.
This all seems totally legit to me.
I'm on board.
I think they did it.
We got him, boys.
Breath.
Finally defeated.
Soon none of us will have to breathe anymore.
I mean, that's true.
Just probably not in the way you mean.
Puffy Bear could do it.
Puffy Bear could do that shit no problem.
Great.
Fed up with drug users, street vigilantes
are wielding Narcon like a weapon.
Now we're back in the hard news.
Oh boy.
OK.
Some tough talk from the San Francisco Standard.
Online commenters have called the alleged use of Narcon
on unsuspecting victims a new strategy for moving
bums out of your way.
Health experts say it could kill.
It's a pretty unhealthy sentence.
So I'm imagining the story won't be terribly positive.
Puffy is still holding his breath in the airstream.
Like, god, that's another thing I have to do
is go get that goddamn bear and record myself doing it.
You said you'd stream it.
I know.
Maybe I should check Noah.
Wait, I'm, well, I could see if on Thursday
Kasim wants to do an in-person dream stream.
And then I could go get that bear.
But I'm already paying off one sub goal this week.
I think you're supposed to pay off one every year.
And today we're doing a belly dance.
You're a hero case.
Anyway, back to this story about, I don't even understand,
drugging bums?
Nestor Garcia hadn't slept in days
when he started dozing off on the frame of his bicycle
in UN Plaza this summer.
His feet slipped from the pedals.
He's slumped over.
The handlebar is barely holding upright.
Because he's an ephentanyl stupor.
He was in bad shape, he admits, but he contends
that he was very much alive.
When a stranger inserted a plastic Narcan nozzle
into his nose, the powerful overdose reversal drug
jolted through him, sending his body
into a hysteria of ephentanyl withdrawal.
The stranger then told him not to sleep in the Plaza.
Oh, so they're just blasting people with like a wakeup drug.
Wow, okay.
We might need to, oh, there's a video?
Oh boy.
Here, hand me the Narcan.
Uh, okay.
Here's a video of, I guess, what they're doing.
Narcan, he needs a Narcan.
Give me the Narcan.
Here, give me the Narcan.
You better get your ass up.
You better get your ass up.
Get your ass up.
You ain't about to die out here.
Go ahead.
You're only supposed to do that to people who overdose.
I do think that's true.
So they're basically jamming the shit into people's nos
just to get them to move?
I don't know, isn't that kind of expensive?
I guess I don't know how much Narcan is.
Wait, somebody's held their breath longer
than 30 minutes?
I guess this is what I get for not keeping up with chat.
Mm, the Bristol baby.
He's got that guy beat by three hours and six weeks
and nine months and two years.
Oh, baby.
There's two extremes.
One says kill him.
The other says give them housing.
So, how could you choose?
Affordable housing or murder?
Well, they are kind of picking the second one
in the ones you listed, Case.
Oh yeah, I guess they did choose.
Free at many concerts festivals
and lots of fire departments will give you some if you ask.
The streets flow with Narcan.
Listen, it takes a good guy with a drug
to stop a bad guy with a drug.
Yeah, I agree, I agree, Swamp Wolf,
that the housing sounds like a good choice.
I don't know, I feel like this is a story
we would have to give a little more attention to,
but that's worrisome to say the least.
I thought they said Narcan won't affect you
other than reversing opioids.
I mean, I think when you jam like an alertness drug
into someone's nose and blast off,
they're just gonna have some effect.
I'm not gonna claim to know the effects of Narcan, though,
but maybe we'll talk about that more on Wednesday.
Government said affordable housing is addictive.
Yes, it's for your own good.
You're gonna, no one's gonna wanna leave
once they have their basic human needs met.
They're gonna want them met all the time
and then what are we gonna do?
Meet people's basic human needs?
We're never gonna do that, case.
No, we just gotta keep harassing people at all times.
Oh, wait, is that not what we're supposed to do?
I mean, it is what we're doing, so, okay.
HBO Max, let's just move on.
Look, there's still plenty of streaming services
to think about.
Oh, good, an HBO Max story.
HBO Max is going to get a lot more expensive
CEO promises.
Listen, we'll never have affordable housing
and also HBO Max will now be the price of a house.
Hugh Keeler says, so we compromise,
put them all in a free house like Big Brother
and make them fight to the death on a live stream.
Well, the live stream just went up in price.
How dare you give people the option
of not being scared every second of their life?
And what are we gonna do if people don't feel
the constant knowing fear of homelessness and death?
They'll never work.
Okay, we don't have time for this conversation, Jeff.
Who's conversing?
I'm just saying things at you, case.
That you agree?
No, I don't agree with you, Jeff.
Are you shocked?
Of course, just being a contrarian today.
HBO Max is going to get a lot more expensive.
How much more expensive?
Well, let's ask David Zaslaw,
the CEO of Warner Brothers Discovery,
plans to make HBO more expensive in passwords.
A lot harder to share.
Zaslaw shared his general outlook
of the state of television at the Goldman Sachs
Communicopia, the Goldman Sachs.
Communicopia.
God, I love that conference.
One of the best.
You've been to the Goldman Sachs Communicopia.
They have incredible margaritas.
Gold margaritas.
Goldman margaritas.
It's margaritas that a guy stirs
who has a golden finger
and they call them the Goldman margaritas.
I don't need to know any of this.
I've never been jobless,
but have been close to homelessness before,
even with kids like Jesus Christ.
Yeah, it's insane.
It's insane that the news story is,
well, this hot new technique
will get homeless people off your stoop
and not constantly trying to search
for any reasonable solution to the homelessness epidemic,
but that's where we've been at for decades.
So, the Communicopia will be even more awesome
next year with all the new money.
They're going to squeeze out of users.
You won't believe.
Maybe we get a Goldman margarita, a gold meadow, a gold meadow.
Why are their names for drinks so bad
at the Goldman Sachs Communicopia?
A swamp will thank you for the follow.
Did you see the Fox News final solution?
Should we end on that little exciting tidbit?
I need to see a picture
of the Goldman Sachs Communicopia.
Sorry, it's also Plus Technology.
You didn't even finish the title.
I just assumed everybody knew
that it's the Goldman Sachs Communicopia
Plus Technology conference,
but obviously we mostly call it the GSC TC.
I just want to see.
I want to see one official piece.
I want a shirt that says Goldman Sachs Communicopia.
Is there a video?
Oh, this is a clip from the Communicopia, guys.
Communicopia, which is maybe a word that's new.
One of the hallmarks of Communicopia,
which is maybe a word that's new to some of the people here
who are going to be listening,
is that it's the confluence of communication,
technology, media, and you find that in the internet sector.
Talk to us a little bit about what you're seeing
out of the internet sector today.
Yeah, I mean, Chris, if we rewind,
even just to think about two-Q earnings over the summer,
we touched on this in the last podcast,
trends were quite good, right?
I can only take a little hit of Communicopia that intense,
but he just gave an incredible definition
of what Conflu...
Conf...
Communicopia is.
Conflav your Communicopia.
Yo, let's hear this bar again.
One of the hallmarks of Communicopia,
which is maybe a word that's new to some of the people here
who are going to be listening,
is that it's the confluence of communication,
technology, media, and you find that in the internet sector.
Talk to us a little bit about what you're seeing
out of the internet sector today.
That's an all-timer question.
Really great work,
Goldman Sachs official Twitter account.
Straight from the mouth of the horse.
That's not a saying, Jeff.
Yes it is.
You've just never been to the Communicopia before.
Okay, let's end with an open call for murdering homeless.
We're back on pretty depressing news
if we go to this one.
It is a wild fucking clip though.
People are like, it's taken out of context.
But we may as well,
in case anybody missed this particular Fox News moment,
let me see if I can find it.
Is this fucking Fox and Friends?
I can never tell which particular abomination show it is,
but this is the clip that everybody was sharing.
They have given billions of dollars
to mental health and the homeless population.
A lot of them don't want to take the programs.
A lot of them don't want to get the help
that is necessary.
You can't give them a choice.
Either you take the resources that we're gonna give you
and or you decide that you're gonna be locked up in jail.
That's the way it has to be now.
Or involuntary lethal injection or something.
I just kill them.
Brian, why?
They have given...
All again, if you heard the whole thing,
then the phrase involuntary lethal injection
would have gone down as smooth as a Communicopia mojito.
So they were talking about,
the greater context for anyone curious
is they're talking about,
and it doesn't improve it at all in my opinion,
but the greater context is they're talking
about that murder in Chicago on the train
where a mentally ill homeless guy
stabbed a woman in the neck,
which is terrible, obviously.
But like so many of these discussions they have,
everything is just a pretense for them to say
the wildest shit that they wanna say anyway.
Just because you're talking about a murder
doesn't mean that you saying kill homeless people
is suddenly better.
Can we euthanize the commentator?
Well, we don't want, we need to only say that
in context, actually.
So if we talk about it for a minute,
then that's enough context that actually
you can say anything now.
Because the thing you say at the end
is actually out of context.
Yeah, that's a good point.
The trick to saying any incredibly inflammatory thing,
like euthanize Fox News commentators, all of them,
is that you need to have been talking about that
for roughly five minutes and then it's fine
because what I just said is actually out of context.
Exactly.
Kill each other.
Don't use your, what's that guy's name, Astro Man?
Astroglide, what was his name?
I can't even remember.
I should know this though.
I'm looking this up before I forget the name
of this movie, Argo Man.
Ben Affleck's Argo Man.
Argo Man.
Argo would like to have a word.
He's trying to Argo Man.
The Fox News is constantly trying to Argo Man us
and I'm tired of it.
They're just incredibly good at Argo Manning.
They've been on top of it for like the last 20 years.
Did you see the video of him emotionally apologizing?
What's his name even?
Is that fucking the kill me guy?
Brian Kill Me?
The fact I even know this guy's name, sort of.
I mean, I'm not saying it.
Well, actually now I am saying it right.
I'm saying it 100% right.
Brian Kill Me.
Kill Me.
Did apologize.
Let's hear his incredibly powerful apology.
In the morning we were discussing the murder
of Irina Seruzka in Shawwood, North Carolina.
And how to stop these kinds of attacks
by homeless mentally ill assailants,
including institutionalizing or jailing such people
so they cannot attack again.
Now during that discussion,
I wrongly said they should get lethal injections.
I apologize for that extremely callous remark.
I'm obviously aware that not all mentally ill
homeless people act as the perpetrator did in North
Carolina and that so many homeless people deserve
our empathy and compassion.
People are just refusing to accept his apology
because his eyes are so close together.
And you should be able to relate to that case.
They're not that close.
Listen, as a guy who's really handsome obviously,
I can't relate.
But you're just, look, the closeness of his eyes
is making you think that he can't be trusted.
He's nearly a cyclops and you're thinking,
oh, he doesn't mean this at all.
No.
It's just that you're all focused
on how close his eyes are together.
And I think that's fucked up.
Thanks for that important takeaway, Jeff.
He caught himself saying the word empathy.
Yeah, I think that's banned actually.
I think that can get you on a,
if you say empathy, that's actually offensive to Charlie Kirk.
Yeah, he also, the phrase involuntary lethal injection.
Well, would you be against voluntary lethal injection?
It's a bad word, no, yeah.
Okay, well,
Charlie 3006 to the neck Kirk.
I'm just reading.
Don't clip that out of context.
I'm just reading chat.
Yes, okay.
Isn't most of all lethal injection involuntary?
No, I'm saying, well, what if it's voluntary?
Then maybe he just meant to say voluntary.
Well, didn't they make a big stink over,
having conservatives also said
that we can't have voluntary lethal injections?
It's kind of a famous culture war issue
with Dr. Kevorkian.
Oh, you're bringing up the past now.
Now we're in favor of voluntary lethal injection.
You're conservative now.
I'm on whatever side seems to be the center
and I'm having trouble pinpointing it lately.
That homeless man asked for help for his mental illness.
He's not gone.
Fox is mostly using him because it's Chicago
and he is black.
Yeah, it's also like an incredibly grisly
and terrible murder.
So it's easy to get people fired up about it.
I mean, I'm trying to diminish
that that murder was like really awful,
but as usual, they're just trying to make policy prescriptions
for isolated incidents
and they'll just find the worst one they can
and then try to jam it on everybody's throat.
And lately people's throats have been a little too open, Jeff.
Not mine, mine's very raspy and tight.
You know what, I shouldn't have brought up throats.
That's true.
Yeah, I mean, if obviously if the racial dimensions
had been shifted around enough,
they wouldn't be talking about it at all.
But that's Fox News.
I don't know what else to expect from them at this point.
Well, honestly, I am surprised
that they're openly calling for lethal injections
on homeless people.
I can't say I expect more from them,
but that one is still a little surprising.
Okay, well that's the last piece of news shared.
So that's all we're grinding on.
If a person asks for help and you ignore them,
did they ever really need help?
That's a fair question.
Is that a fair question?
It's a question that makes it fair.
No reaction from the others on the panel either.
Oh yeah, they just brush it off.
They're like, yeah, gotta do something.
Not saying the murder isn't bad.
Trump is going after Chicago.
Yeah, I mean, they're gonna use
any murder in Chicago as pretense
to continue to push the agenda
that cities with democratic mayors are hell holes.
Ew.
Because you know that the real top priority
of the Trump administration is to make the CTA safe.
I'm sure if there's enough troops
around various government buildings,
the CTA will be very safe.
That's the way to do it.
You just load up the whole city
with random national guardsmen
stomping around a bunch of corporate
and government buildings.
And then,
step two,
step three, safety.
Fantastic.
Okay.
I can't help it if that's how the news ends.
I mean, you reached the end of the snake.
The end of the snake was that piece of news
and now we gotta move on.
I guess let's belly dance.
Maybe Kendall will wanna belly dance with us.
Well, with Jeb.
Is that a thing you think can happen?
We'll find out, or Jeb will.
Let's send it down there to end on whatever this'll be.
It's time to learn how to do things with Jeb Nogget.
Where'd my music go?
Why did Tripp's music play?
Thank you, there we go.
You don't like the new Jeb.
I've heard that one before.
Okay, I'm immune to your barbs now.
Cause I'm Jeb.
It's me.
Why'd you say it like that?
Just say it normally if you're trying
to make people like you, Jeb.
I'm playing around.
I'm having a fun time.
I'm being a normal one.
And I'm being Jeb of, I'm being a Jeb.
A Jeb, I'm Jeb.
And you're dead and you're in the wood.
Oh, right.
But I'm still unsettling.
I look like I have a strong jaw.
Thank you.
They had to put a lot of metal in it
cause I used to look different and then I felt on a well.
Rocketing my face into the hard stony floor.
No give.
I think they did a great job piecing my face back together.
Why your neck and jaw like that, ass chat?
Why can you see chat?
You're in the wood.
That's my daddy's dead and he's in the wood.
Yeah.
What?
Right.
He also has a bad memory.
New sub goal, put your father who's dead in the wood
and I'm a wood chipper.
Daddy, you wanna try that sub goal?
Would it release me?
Probably not.
The wood might just reassemble.
What?
Look, we don't know how it could work.
We'll think about it.
Today I have to belly dance.
Let me ask Kendall if she wants to learn
to belly dance with me.
Hey Kendall.
She might be gone.
Hey Kendall.
I'll text her.
Should I text Kendall?
Why are you looking like that?
Let's, sorry.
Let's do some other videos and then she's busy.
She's not avoiding me with her long shower.
She's probably taking a long shower.
So let's learn a couple other things
and the third thing we'd learn will be the belly dance.
I do.
I've got her number.
Right here.
On my normal phone.
This is my phone.
Did you just have a phone?
I think so.
I didn't realize I had a phone in here.
You're not supposed to have that.
It's gone.
Don't even, you're dead in here in the wood.
Oh, you're right.
Did I have a phone just now?
Nope.
Swamp hole if we like having you here.
And remember that I'm the normal Jeb.
I've always been.
Is there something wrong with my son?
My son?
Okay, look, we're gonna learn how to do things.
We're getting distracted.
There's plenty of things to learn other than belly dancing,
which we'll learn third.
First, what we need to learn obviously
is cooking with gun Mario.
Uh-oh.
Does this feature certain words that I'd rather not?
Well, you know, we trust our discord.
Let's just risk it.
Just cooking with gun Mario.
Okay, so some of y'all don't know how to eat a hot dog.
I'm not sure you do.
So first, you get your hot dog.
Wait, does it feature lots of slurs?
Okay, here's the deal.
I'll cut out F if there's even a slur.
So we'll only deal with one.
I don't know if this is the same gun Mario also.
For anyone new, gun Mario is a strange guy
that Case follows on Twitter for some reason.
But of course.
And then you gotta like wrap it up in a napkin.
Okay, now since you've done that,
he has a YouTube microwave, right?
1739.
Wow.
Okay, now that it's done,
you gotta put your hot dog in your hot dog one.
Bound music.
Okay, now you get the stuff you wanna put on your hot dog
and you put it on the hot dog one.
Here's a life hack.
You can actually put it on the flat side
of the hot dog one
so that it doesn't spill outwards, right?
It's him?
Is it really that hard to understand?
And then you just like hold it like this, right?
Comedy legend gun Mario.
And you eat it.
It's really not that hard to hold.
This is like eating a corn dog without a stick.
That is 100 views.
Which I think is important
because if it had few enough views,
then he might be able to figure out
that we're the ones who watched it.
But with a hundred people, we blend right in.
Seems like a lot of views to me.
He's got a couple of videos on here
with 45,000 views and stuff.
How big is gun Mario's following?
That's the real question.
Cause he's got some vids on here.
4chan's lost Pokemon game, Pokemon sprite oddities.
45K views, eight days ago.
Is gun Mario about to pop off?
Finally?
Have you been rooting for that?
Not really.
I think he's best as an underground artist personally.
But I did learn that if you want to risk it,
I guess you can eat a hot dog that way.
Seems really dangerous to me, but okay.
Gun Mario's is getting more views than case.
Like 1000%.
And I always knew that's the way it would be.
This is from Fanny Noise though.
We're moving on now to frankly,
something a little more violent.
These violent delights have violent ends.
And here's one of them.
It's how to slap someone silly.
You did it, I did it.
You did it, I did it.
You did it, I did it.
Wait.
You did it.
I did it.
What, every gun Mario YouTube video?
I did it.
You did it.
I did it.
I see what they're doing there.
I see it.
A lot of slapping.
Okay.
Let's learn one other practical skill.
Because you know, we spend a lot of time on here learning
kind of silly skills.
Sometimes you gotta get physical.
Learn how to improve your body.
Which is what we're gonna do right now
by learning how to do a Mike Tyson pushup.
Everybody's a boy rock gamer.
So I'm here today to show you guys
how to do a Mike Tyson pushup.
So what you wanna do is you wanna rock back and forth.
Good for the legs, shoulders, palms,
every push off with your toes.
That's one way of doing it.
So if you guys that want a little support,
you put your feet up against the wall.
Oh, okay.
And that's how you do a Mike Tyson pushup.
Oh.
Hey everybody, it's your boy Rock Gamer.
That's a pretty hard slap.
Are those dish gloves?
That's actually a fair question.
Are these dish gloves?
So I'm here to...
Hey look up, hmm.
Are they rubber gloves?
Do people work out in rubber gloves?
He definitely looks like he knows how to work out.
You blame me for killing the bottle?
I didn't teach you how to do that.
I can't be blamed.
He's got a date with Dexter's dad later.
Let's not joke about that.
Dexter was a hero.
What?
He was a hero of the story.
Right.
Take the blame?
No, I'll take it.
I made you do it.
Daddy, don't.
I made you do it.
It was me.
I possessed you.
You can't even do that.
All you can possess is the wood that you're dead in.
Oh yeah.
My dad did it apparently.
Hey Kendall.
Kendall?
She's ignoring me.
I can hear her in the distance.
All right, it's time to learn how to belly dance.
I don't know if anybody shared a belly dancing video.
I will watch it if they did
or I will just search it real quick.
How tos, belly dance.
Belly dance shimmy tutorial.
Oh, they did.
People shared some belly dancing videos.
Okay.
Let's get into it.
Cause this might take us.
I gotta actually do this right.
Hi girls and welcome to another belly dance tutorial.
I'm a fella, that's okay though.
Today we have the fifth tutorial
and it will be about the shimmy.
We'll be like this.
Wow.
And there are a lot of different kinds of the shimmy.
I will just show you maybe one or two
and you can practice it on your own.
Actually this shimmy is a quiet heart movement
so it's not easy.
I always encourage my students to start with every movement
and just try it out.
And most important thing is that you enjoy.
Very shortly I want to tell you
about my belly dance training classes.
I have them every week.
We switched to Thursday from Monday.
So yeah, sometimes we change the plan a little bit.
I will have a booking tool
where you can just book your classes very simply
and pay for your paypal
or you can contact me and pay with bank transfer.
And I want to start from this.
So much payment.
So just check the link below
and you can also receive your first tryout class
with me for free.
And yeah, just try it out and see how you feel
and we always enjoy the time together
and how do I dance?
I don't have any money.
So join us and dance with us.
Okay, now back to the shimmy.
What we actually do with the shimmy,
we bend our knees up and down alternately.
Okay, here we go.
So I've already explained the hip drop
to you and my belly dance tutorials before.
This isn't working out.
The hip drop was like this
where we worked just one hip
and I told you before you practice the hip drop,
maybe it would be great
if you will practice this movement.
Yeah, to just move your hips up and down.
What is really important?
Important is that you have a good posture.
So you don't hurt your back and your knees.
So I will explain shortly.
I have the posture tutorial also linked below.
So I'll check it out.
Start from the beginning with lesson one.
And yeah, so let me show you.
First thing we will show is back and down
to have open chest.
And then it's important to tuck your pelvis in.
Oh, how do I do that?
So you have a straight back.
So I don't do the movements like here, like this.
I have to tuck my pelvis in to have a straight back.
And what also happens when I do this,
hopefully you can see it.
My knees are a little bit bent.
Mine too!
I don't stay like this.
I stay a little bit down.
This is in the way.
Tuck the pelvis in.
Away chair.
So this will be the position we need to practice.
And when we do the shimmy bending our knees like this,
we never do this.
Cause this will hurt.
Yeah, this will hurt your knees.
It's not healthy.
So from here we will always do this.
And yeah, actually that's everything.
That's everything!
So please have to practice.
What did I even do?
Get a good feeling.
Of course, let your hips lose and don't stiff.
So try really to start with the speed movement
up and down.
And then slowly you can speed it up.
What?
Speed it up, speed it up, speed it up.
And what am I doing?
This is enough for the first time this speed.
Like one two, one two, one two, one two, one two.
Ah!
Like this.
Wait, how does she do it?
She's got it so controlled.
This vibration shimmy with more straight legs.
And twist shimmy.
I won't understand.
A lot of kinds of shimmy.
Later on we can do the shimmy while walking forward, backwards.
What? You can.
Side so we can do several shimmy variations.
I hope we will get there with the tutorials
and also of course my online classes.
And yeah, so let's practice the shimmy
together a little bit with music.
Oh, I need, this move is too advanced.
I'm barely dancing.
I need a different video.
Is it? Okay, come on.
I need one other one.
I feel like I was barely bellying there.
This is how cast.
We've used them for so many things in the past.
Surely they won't mislead me.
Why don't I get this one second?
Okay.
Right there.
Okay.
So now we're going to go over the basic hip lift.
Let's assume our basic belly dance posture position.
So the legs are right under the hip bones,
knees are bent, lower abs tucked, chest lifted, arms out.
And now you're going to bend the knees
even more than before.
Okay.
And focus on lifting one hip at a time
by straightening one knee at a time.
So as you straighten the right knee,
the right hip will come up
and it's going to shoot straight up into your body.
So you want to think about meeting your hip bone
up to the hip bone. This is a better explanation.
Coming back down to center.
Switching over to the other side.
Straightening that knee, coming back down.
Make sure that you're keeping your heels on the floor
and you're not lifting up at any point.
I totally was lifting my heels.
I'm going to get my hip up
and back down to neutral position.
The other side, back down to neutral position.
She doesn't have a big belly.
Now skip that hold in the middle
and you're going to go up
and up
and up
and the closer you are to the ground
the easier it will be for you to find that isolation.
I can't.
Let's try that with music.
Okay.
And a little bit faster.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Keeping the heels on the floor,
chest floating up, arms relaxed.
Make sure you're not moving in space
or your head's not bumping up and down.
And faster and full speed.
I can't go that fast.
My hips will explode
and I'll be killed.
I'll die.
And that's the basic hip isolation.
Get me back to my spot.
Got to unbutton the shirt.
That's not part of this deal.
Whoa, I've heartburn now.
Why?
I don't know.
It was too much of a movement.
I don't even have jinglers.
I can't jingle at all.
Women have the physical advantage of wider hips.
I know that was the problem.
Man, the fuck up?
I've got zero bells.
Maybe I'll go through the cat toys
and see if there's a jingler.
That's...
Okay, fine.
We'll do one other one.
It's all in the hips.
Let me check one other of these videos.
How to do the basic Egyptian.
I'm a basic Egyptian now.
I shouldn't say that.
I shouldn't say that at all.
Okay, watch this one's deal.
So now we're going to learn how to do the basic Egyptian.
Come back to the neutral position,
keep in the knees bent.
Once again, chest lifted, lower abs in.
Ah!
And you're going to touch the right foot in front
and come back.
Touch the left and come back.
Touch the right and come back.
You can't even see my feet.
And I refuse to show you.
Keep the knees slightly bent at all times.
And now as you touch, you're going to push the hip up.
Whoa!
And release.
And the other side.
No.
And as you push up,
that hip is going to go to the opposite.
Too advanced.
They're lying.
It wasn't basic.
How to do hip drops.
My hip wants to drop all the time anyway.
Straight out of socket.
So this should be doable for me.
So now let's go over the basic hip drop.
Let's shift the weight over to the left foot.
Step the right, right in front.
Keep the heel lifted.
Bend both knees, especially the stand and knees.
So you want to make sure that this knee remains bent
no matter what throughout the whole movement.
This is the most important part.
Okay.
Step the other foot right in front.
Heel lifted.
Chest up.
Shoulders back.
Let's reach the arms all the way out.
Make sure you're still breathing when you're here.
All right, I got to grow again.
And now we're going to push our weight into the right leg.
Straighten the knee teeny, teeny bit
to go into the hip lift.
Now from here, you're going to release
all the way down, dropping the hip down.
And again, lifting up and down.
And up and down.
And no matter what, the left leg is actually staying bent.
The left knee remains bent no matter what.
And up and down and up.
And let's try that with music.
What?
What the fuck?
And double time.
My hips.
Oh, she's so much more sensual with it.
And faster.
I just want to do this.
And again, make sure that you're not bouncing up and down
in space.
I was.
And do the same level.
Chest is lifted.
And isolate it away.
I was bouncing a lot.
Where's Kendall when I need her?
Cleaning herself.
I'm doing it, Jeff.
You can't even tell because my head's so still.
But my hips are going insane.
My hips are being nuts.
Have hips here in the wood?
Yes, I do.
They're wood hips.
Oh, fuck they are.
You have hips in there?
Yeah, I still got hips down here for some reason.
Well, we tried.
We tried.
And we succeeded.
Oh, that counts as success.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Ah.
Listen, Jeff.
Card King and Just Man with Jam 300 shiny tasty coins.
And I've been dying to say this now.
And welcome to the main stage, the exotic erotic
and mesmerizing Jerobo.
OK, this is the best I got from what I learned.
Ahem.
I got to build up my stamina.
I need some water.
Oh, fuck, that's Drano.
Oh, man, I forgot I built Drano out.
Shoot, that's actually a good two for me, though.
OK.
I don't get another mic in the way.
The mic's to record my stomach noises.
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
I hate you, kid.
You're pregnant.
Listen up, Jack.
President, no.
I'm just a Jam 300 shiny tasty coins.
And I've been dying to say this.
And I'm pregnant.
I got the president pregnant.
Shoot.
OK, look, I got to go.
I got to go see my doctor.
I think I rattled some of my face parts around with that.
That's clean.
He's pretty old, but modern science.
A Jerry I drink birth.
Maybe he's giving birth to himself.
A younger version of him.
OK, I'm going to send it back to case
who's going to get us out of here for the day.
But I think we proved today the basic Miss Him
statement of this stream, at least the Jeb part,
which is that you're really narrow to go on to learn
new tricks.
I'll see you soon bye bye.
Jeez, there's a lot of movement from Jeb.
I've never seen him move like that.
And I don't know how I liked it.
I don't know if I liked it.
Hmm.
OK, can you find someone to read?
I liked it.
I was like, I want to eat whatever's in there.
His stomach.
Yeah, there's stuff in there.
I want to take it.
That sounds kind of gross.
To you.
I think to anybody.
Not me.
OK, who's on?
I'll try to eat for you.
Play my Pepito song.
Play one of the songs that's me.
Do you even have that?
Yeah.
OK, who's on?
Woo!
Looks like a bunch of people are playing borderland.
OK.
Let's rain later.
It's your favorite handball over the place.
Thanks for hanging out, guys.
I'm a dog, so I got to go.
That's why you have to go.
I'm a dog, I got to go.
OK.
I feel like I'm sweating, and I don't know why.
It's from hell.
What appetizing that Jeb stuff was.
What do you want to eat?
All of it.
All of Jeb?
No, all the food.
Listen to the song, you idiot.
That's all the time we got.
Say hi to Miss Slater for us.
Have a beautiful rest of your day.
I'll be back in a month.
No, we're back on Wednesday.
Yeah, a month from now.
No, Wednesday's two days from now.
Yeah, like a month or so.
It's too busy, baiting.
Baiting you to watch the next stream, maybe.
I know it sounds better.
Say hi to Saddx Slater for us.
It's just a classic Pupito rate.
Pupito rate took the Mark picture there.
And we'll see you later.
I got to go.
Bye-bye.
I'm going to listen to my song.