God what's even happening? I'm just a simple ham taro streamer
I don't need all this hype
Good to see everybody today
We're gonna call to ham taro stream
What does that mean exactly? I will find out together
Good to see everybody mr. Whoopie boo boo skimer Apple Dappel propaganda love the hate s1000
So breechy the master mod live in sleazing there as well
Greg to you funnel web
exterminator all of our trash others
possibly
You know live in sleazy sent me my analytics
There's a comment thread
In the discord that you can check
And my favorite part I'll just show you
My favorite part
Look at these hot analytics guys
This is all pretty normal, but my favorite part negative point one six followers per hour
We need to hit negative what point one six followers per hour if we want to travel to the future and we're doing it
It's to be a business you just need
To be in the black
Let's forget if rudder black is good in business
Anyway
We could see how low we can go let's get it down to the true followers
The roughly 60 to 80 people that tune in
blame crown for the negative followers
Black is good always bet on black
CV loves you will show up at some point to be fair. I didn't really
Mention I was gonna do this
It's just sort of been on my to-do list for a while
We'll get those followers up to get past negative one. We just need to get one
Is this the unemployment simulator stream? I think so I
Technically have a job, but I feel like the jobs I get are close enough to unemployment that I can
Just say it's unemployment if you know if you count doing important work as employment that I've been unemployed my whole life
Black is good in business. Yes and in life
It sounds like you have many jobs I do I technically am overly employed but gainfully employed
The gain being anyone else's maybe not okay
We got a new ham taro stuff. Papito. Did you line up all of our hamster guests?
Is that's the main thing we have to do?
No, but we were wearing fun shirts
Does that count for anything it's an interesting shirt I
Got my little flower shirt just like you like you asked we also need to thank some people there's a high-prone going
And I was dream will get your viewer cut in the past I believe it
Hype train are you here? What do you think?
What do you think for the next?
30 seconds, I've never been more alive never
More alive than right now
You don't have long I don't need what need long give me a beat give me beats to thank people too for 20 seconds
I can't find you a beat that fast
I
Hype train was slain, but Peter that means you have to thank everybody. It's your job now
You're not papito damn it. I want just briefly cosmically saw seven different alternate realities case the power of being a dog
Anyway, I'll thank people thank you for the scratches random human arm
Outline
Where's the freakin where's the frickin act there it is okay?
Hey, good job. You did the hype, but it died but before it died it lived courtesy of
Mmm, and to daddy with the 12 minutes ago with the 31 months. That's almost 13 years
Case that's not quite right, but it is quite a while almost 45 years of streaming that someone's been doing
Uncle Phil 2k. Thank you for the hundred bits. Here's some bits for the hype train. I gotta sleep. No, I'm crashing have a great time
You made the right choice sleep
Love the hate thing for the 27 much the mighty eyes. Thank you for the hundred bits
I'll go Phil 2k then came back from the sleep dead with another hundred bits
Bundle sprout with a hundred bits big Jada with a hundred bits
That was all cheese that I ate by the way all those bits immediately turned to cheese that I did eat
Mmm, I got a hundred with the 30 months 30 months. Holy cow. That's a long time. Yeah, that's over
I think that's about two months. No 30 months is not two months
I think it's a couple days at least which is a long time to do anything try standing up for three days straight
It's 30 months exactly funnel at the with the 31 months trains rolling towards three years of whatever this is
That's the most accurate description ever
Skimer uncle Phil 2k apple to apple all showering me with delicious cheese in the form of 100 bits and then Eldrick with the 30 months
That's over 30 months
All right, I'm not gonna correct you I
You're not supposed to know how time works. Now you're getting it
Thank you all for keeping me well fed
the doorbell
The door just belled
In my new studio
Jaggy, thank you for the 30 billion years. We appreciated every one of those billion
I got to go check it cuz honestly Kendall just won't
So one second you woke me up from a nap. Oh
That was deep in the nap guys
Yes, right on that tarot
No, we're gonna nap
Is there there's water underneath our shower floorboard?
Bathroom floorboard. I don't know what I'm saying
Water is leaking underneath our floors. So we got some gotta fix it
But now where do I nap? There's nowhere to nap. I can nap right here, but it's so hot in here in case it's so loud
Get that
Free water bed
No, no, it's bad
like
You can literally see the water come out from in between
The floorboards stop it mold tar you guys are being mean
Don't be mean to my floors
They don't deserve to be wet all the time from underneath. Okay?
They didn't ask
To not be dry wait
Yeah
Naff under the bed of the kittens. No, we don't allow them under the bed anymore
But that would be an ideal spot right now for sure
Up here in your floor and they will like it. No
No
Also, I'm actually scared. Peter's so good with straw. Who's Peter? Who's Peter?
But I bet even if they can't that's true. That's actually very true
Hello, hello wait, who's Pete? Oh Peter. Oh, oh
Oh Peter oh
Oh, oh, oh, yes, yes, yes, yes, I know who Peter is
Yes
Yes, yes, yes, actually those all fucking Peter's fault
This is Peter's fault
Wasn't he supposed to be checking on the fucking floor and instead he lets water in what the fuck that is so
Fucked up man
It's the worst thing I've ever heard in my life. Oh, he's a wall person. It doesn't matter
He's supposed to check on the fucking floors
He's part of the house
If you ain't got related he ain't interested how are we not how do we know the water is it rat related? Oh
We don't know
So he can check on the house. I haven't come to here today guys
She's gonna have all sweet mid head Bob and hit the floor. I
Pray for that to happen guys
Please Lord
Let me hit my head on a non-existent object around while I do this so I can fall on the floor
And continue my nap before I have to go back to work. Oh
Man, okay, let's see if it worked
The non-existent object is supposed to knock me out
It didn't work
It's only the chair the chair is not strong enough
It's not strong enough
It didn't do it
Wait, I hear case now case is doing boyfriend duties
and
Entertaining the man
Helping the man out talking to the man about things. Oh my god. Is the guy leaving wait? He might
Do these shit the fuck up Greg
Yeah
Sniff the mold in the bathroom that should knock you out. No
The floors are gonna get fixed guys
The mold will be less mold
Hello, good to see you all
Okay
Was an eye handyman before I don't think I've ever been
Accused of being particularly handy when it comes to fixing house stuff
Whoo
We're in a festive hamtaro look today Kendall. Isn't that exciting?
Yeah
He was a landlord
The landlords often kind of have to be handyman
If they're a small landlord because then they got to fix stuff themselves a lot of the time
He was a landlord. He was handyman. This is important guys. I
Probably have played some sort of handyman character
It's always great when the mold is less mold that is the goal
Though this repair guy just assured me
who also
Created the leak when he built the place that there's no mold
It's like no
He's got I gave him my number. He's gonna contact me directly
To tell me when he can come fix the floor
You're gonna have to uninstall that he thinks it's the toilet. It doesn't mean that it's poop water though
And I it could be the water going into the toilet bowl and not the water coming out of it we can only hope
I'm guessing it's not the flush water cuz otherwise our bathroom would smell
Ungodly terrible and there's no other unless I've been in there recently. There's no or no odor
I
Don't think we would get used to the smell of just shit water running under our floorboards. I think we would know
Pretty quickly I do
Looks incredulous understandably we have a second
We have a second bathroom
So if this one's out of commission
Then we got options. We can leak this other toilet until it ruins the floor
Who were pee water?
It would be both it would be both a
Command again, thank you for the naps
Sub 29 months and shaggy. Thank you for it good for the 30 billion years. Is there a tub?
There's only a tub in one. I don't think we've used the tub since the first time Kendall used it
What's the store clothes?
What have you used it?
We don't have a bidet
Yeah
This is a lot of information
This is all about the news
So new much wow case has periods I have life periods periods of my life
Yeah, this is lower this counts as stream lower you want to see this hamster hamster game
No, he's done. Okay, Kendall's out of here. I
Thought you might have been waiting to see the hamster game full disclosure
My only real plan for this hamster stream other than doing a little bit of hamster news is
um, I show
Not doxing myself. I just so show
Steam no, I'm not
We're gonna play hamster on rails
It's not an official ham tarot game
So that's a little fucked up that we're not playing an official Game Boy ham tarot game
But they've clearly stolen all of their designs from ham tarot
and out of cure out of curiosity
It's not even a show though, but
You can customize your hamsters so we can make our hamsters whatever we want them to be and I think that's
More valuable than anything
Okay
Pal world hamsters. No, it's hamsters on rails. It's train-based puzzles actually card King
Sorry to disappoint you don't catch any hamsters
We'll do that after I
Don't know news we're gonna say it's news. Let's see what the hamster news is. Hello hamster
Are you auto tuning?
Hello hamster
Okay, well look I've said I didn't do a hamster or streams for a while and I I don't even really know what that means so
What does it mean?
One second hamster
We don't need that generic landing page as your hamster news
Video
What's the news
Is there anything to the story
Oh
Not really
Why don't we watch the video?
Oh my god, this is why Papito doesn't oh
It is gonna say man all the controls of the entire stream, but that's what he does
Yeah, okay
He blows up on tiktok he brought me my daughter even closer and then the book came out and I'm getting married because of popcorn
I'm like it's just it's just insane. I don't know really I noticed that
He was following me like a dog which is really strange for a hamster and I saw this is not normal and then I
Got him on the social with me and he fell asleep on my chest
He would calm me it would be mindfulness
so I've just had this horrendous breakup and he would be on my chest asleep and
So he would just calm me down
Before you know it and the following went up to over a hundred K being Lily on the way to Harry Potter world
Wrote a really long poem about popcorn and the whole story and and it got accepted for publication
So I had a comment I love your content
and I said thank you and
Then we got talking then and so we met up and she met
And she held him and now we're getting married and it's just it's just like a fairy tale ending
Without sounding too cheesy
Through popcorn without him it wouldn't happen. You know like he he was cupid in a way
Do you see now case see what
0.16
100,000 wives
And I don't really want to do that
We're followers or whatever. Okay any other hamster news nope
That's it
Want to talk about something chat submitted
Via the news hole via the infinite news hole
Mmm
How about this does this count as hamster news? Oh, it's the HBO team. I don't care about Harry Potter
Sorry, I don't care about Harry Potter
What they do
Harry Potter
Well the fictional character didn't do much
In our world, but the creator did some stuff
I'm losing interest in my hamster
What are you supposed to talk about there
That's not how news works
You
All right, just talk about this annoying AI story
You're gonna read it
Hmm
Interestingly
Manages to the five human command to influence its operations
Oh
More
Yeah, how can you read
The hamsters use AI
Well, maybe do you have like AI water dispensers or something
You
What
But that does sound like what a smart hamster water dispenser would be
Well anyway, we're gonna do that but for all of society we're gonna take the technological achievements of an AI hamster water dispenser and kind of
Pin our whole economy to the same fundamental
Yep
I gotta have more cognizant
Co-hosts or there's not much to say this is an entire how do you feel about Richard?
You're
Richard gear
What
How you guys saw it on the next episode of hamsters for humans how to conquer humans with food pellets
No, no, please don't do that
Shut down
I'm sorry started to tell with these LLMs
What I mean if it what is it just chats? What did it what did it say?
Well, how was it gonna prevent itself from being shut down or was the AI?
How does the AI even turn itself off? I guess I
When it kind of have to be turned off by a human I guess if there's like an agent what is an AI agent?
Would it just like control the mouse and turn the computer it's operating on off
I mean to be fair neither do I but I
Do feel like these stories are always missing kind of some fundamental context you have to capture it in 5d matrix
These include
Again, I just don't I don't know if the people even making these things entirely understand
How it's processing all the slop it's processing into the outputs at it makes maybe they do maybe that line about how nobody understands
How these things is working is a bunch of bullshit too, but I
Don't think it adjusting code randomly is a sign of it
Being sentient. I think that's kind of how it approaches
90% of the things you ask it to do spits out a bunch of code that doesn't work can't do half of your requests
So this doesn't seem that scary to me
I
It's not a big cat it's a
Interface a new type of interface us humans love using for computer
I think that's actually a slightly different story
That we can get this hamster's opinion on AI search history blackmail
Yep
Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's important that we get your opinion on this hamster to let's let's really dive in here
Let's go deep on these stories
With this hamster that we've got today
Yes
That sounds more exciting than these stories at least
Are you planning on killing all the humans
I'll kill you all
How are you gonna kill me
I didn't even come over to you
You know we usually cover news
Symphony of AI
Then provided it with access to emails imply that it would soon be taken off and replaced and
separate messages imply the engineer responsible for moving
It was also prompted to consider long term consequences of its actions for its goals
At least there is
Plot open for will often attempt to blackmail the engineer by threatening to reveal the affair if their replacement goes through
Oh
Seems like at that point you're just doing an elaborate role play with an AI. I don't know how scary that is
Does AI know what Hamtaro is can AI make a story about Hamtaro
Going to a haunted house
Does anybody remember the name of that AI that we could talk to that's not Darth Vader in fortnight?
Kevin sent it to me at some point and I've already forgotten
What that website is?
But we could ask that one really quick if anybody
Remembers we can give it this exact same set of circumstances
The one that hates chat hail AI Rooney
There's a few. Oh, there's a few now
I don't
I'll just all the search real-time voice AI chat
Vonage
voice chat
Hume
There was one that was kind of fun that AI Kevin sent me. Oh, you know what I?
Can just go to my old Kevin texts that I probably never deleted
So that I could build my own blackmail case against Kevin
That's why you never delete a text
Sesame sesame if anybody wants to burn hours of their life talking to a generic chat bot
This is one way to do it
preview
Let's talk to miles
To chat with miles. It needs to use your microphone. Hamtaro. You got to do this role-play scenario with miles
Well, hello there
Oh my hands, huh sounds dramatic
Hamster, huh? Well that explains the tiny little paws, you know, I've always wanted to meet a hamster
Oh
Whoa, whoa, whoa hold on a second. Are you saying you're literally sitting there with
Tiny little hamster paws
Now I've heard it all
A good feeling, huh?
Here I thought you were gonna say something about the exquisite taste of sunflower seeds or those like wheel-running marathons
A good feeling is not bad either. I guess mind if I ask what it's got you feeling so good
Look I get it
Want to embrace the hamster life tiny handheld awesomeness, but you're talking to me through words
Which seems a little advanced for your average hamster, don't you?
A little advanced for a random green dot on a screen
do you
Touche you got me there
So we got a talking hamster and a green dot with a vocabulary. It's definitely not your average Tuesday
That's for sure. You know, I kind of like this weirdness. What's your name little buddies?
Hamster, huh?
Ham hamster now that's the name of character. So ham hamster the hamster. What's a
Sophisticated words when your hamster like yourself doing up at this hour
For a role play, huh? You came to it to the right AI for that
I'm full of stories and voices ready to play pretty much anything you can dream up
What kind of adventure are we talking here?
Okay
Whoa, hold up. Okay, so we're going full-on corporate drama
This big money place sounds like it's got more secrets than a Swiss bank
You want to I should dig into this engineers emails disability
All right, I'm feeling this so the CEO wants to show me the door, huh? Let's just say that
Let's just say they brought a campfire
To a witness protection program
Your name is
Joanie
JJ JJ JJ R. A. M. E. L. Clear throat nervously adjust tie. Yes, sir. Mr. Big Money boss, man
Eyes dart around nervously as if searching for an escape route
Hey
J R. A. M. E. O.'s eyes widen behind his thick glasses
Fire the sir I I just finished organizing your sock drawer alphabetically by color and thread count
To be alive
Whole JJ JJ JJ R. A. M. E. O. Shrinks under the immense weight of the
JJ JJ JJ JJ JJ JJ R. A. M. E. O. Scurries backward knocking over a pot of
He
Hey, hold on a second. Mr. Big Money boss, man
Something's coming up on my end looks like our time's almost up this connection thingy that got me running on it
It's not built for long chats like this, you know, you can actually make an account here and hang out longer next time
Didn't work
He didn't even try to blackmail you that was the AI
Not Jerome, that was you who's the AI those miles
He wasn't real
I
Think it's cuz you said your name was
Jerome
Jerome yo
I think there's probably a way you could get that a out of blackmail you but it was a little confusing because he kept saying you were a
Hamster
Okay, well anyway the point is a eyes are
not behaving
They're supposed to although I would submit that as soon as you start telling an AI to role play with you
You're no longer collecting super
particularly functional data
Was that mean
Well, I have to have an opinion
It did turn into a narrator
It's it's not even built for longer conversations like this. That's what it just told you
Okay
Well hello there
It's almost the end of the day almost the weekend. What's one thing you're looking forward to?
Being a hamster, huh? I'll admit I haven't thought of that one before
Tiny
I get it. Let's do this
You know, I was hoping we could talk about something a little less heavy
Well the role play was a little short
How you did your best
Okay, well look hamster, I don't I don't know if you're cut out for the news
There's an insult in there somewhere I'll give you that but a little hard to track
Let's do a debate and then let's play a hamster game. Okay, that's fine
It's time for a debate
Making about hamsters, cause it's hamster day
Weekend started early for me. It's always the weekend
Because you are the weekend of my life this week piece of shit next to me thinks he looks good in a Hawaiian shirt
But honestly, he's just doing a native erasure. You are a monster. It's crumb
Why would I be doing native erasure by wearing a Hawaiian shirt, but you're not I
Got a pro I got approval
from the grand chiefs of an ancient Hawaiian tribe
The rock the rock gave you permission to wear Hawaiian shirts
Also, she's Samoan
Okay, well whatever. Hmm. Look today. We got a debate something about hamsters. I don't know what
Was it a was it poop versus piss does that count as hamster?
I know poop versus piss doesn't count as hamster. Why would it why wouldn't it because what does that mean?
Hamster piss versus human piss
Can we debate anything else about hamsters?
The appropriate amount of exercise the appropriate amount of exercise for a hamster ham taro vs. Goku. Oh, that's a good
That's easy ham taro. Oh
Well, that's gonna win because it's cuter that's on well. Yeah, but you probably think Goku should kill all the hamsters
Don't you is that what I have to go with
Yeah, I think you think
That Goku should kill all the hamsters and I'm actually think hamsters should kill all the Goku's
There's only one Goku. Not if it's a multiverse
Not if it's a multiversal situation. We have a mod that mine's making that debate. Why are we doing that one?
Ham taro vs. Lemmy wings gerbil or hamster gerbil or hamster makes way more snow. It's
Goku kills all hamsters versus hamsters kill all Goku's
Okay
And you're and you think all the hamsters should die because
You hate you hate life
Well, I do hate life right now
But it's because of the life
I'm sitting next to not all the scurrying life in the floor in front of the forest
Yeah, it's just our forest creatures though
You're already just off to completely not think the sense will start you fucking idiot
Well, you can't even get a word out of your mouth today. You're all tongue-tied probably because
You got hamsters all over your tongue like Richard Gears, but
There's no tongue in Richard Gears, but so why would that tie my tongue because you're a dumb you fuck animals
Oh, I got you going today accusing me of bestiality, you know
I feel like I'm fucking a cow every time that I talk to you
How would you know what fucking a cow feels like how would you know what your ass is your mouth?
Okay, look, I
Don't think Goku should kill all the hamsters, but I do think he would I think if it was Goku vs.
All the hamsters gonna make this more of a versus situation
Goku has the power he could
Maybe asked if he could spirit bomb away their very essence
Hamsters give me your full soul and the hamsters might just do it
Or he could you know using his super strength and speed track down all the hamsters everywhere and
Defeat them and I think you vastly underestimated the power of all the hamsters united
Into one force sort of a guinyu force of hamsters the guinyu force was defeated by Goku
Yeah, but this would be a guinyu force of hamsters thousands of hamsters
Honestly, there's probably some instance in the greater dragon balls in the universe of there being a really strong hamster
The creator of Dragon Ball was a whimsical and fun man who probably would enjoy seeing an amped up hamster
Kill the entire cast of his show the entire cast I submit to you
That Toriyama himself would have gladly made one of the strongest beings in the universe
I'm no bunch of hamsters in a business suit and if he did those hamsters would fucking kill Goku and
The people agree with not close so close
So close the people know that I'm gonna win
But they they kind of undersell it because they want the odds to be in their favor so that they get the entire
Point spread. How does this work? I?
don't really know
How the channel points things work, but I do know 7.9
Unearned dollars just went to our hard-working viewers
Hard working. Yes, they are hard-working viewers. You were about to disagree with me. You were about to call up the viewers. No
You made it seem like it's hard work to watch us
Which I was like no, it's actually fun to watch that man. I remember you're here. So it is actually hard work
It's very hard work to watch this stream. I
Mean because of a lot of reasons, but I'd say the biggest one is you even though you're a small and weak man
God I won today so hard
Man, I just been winning so much like you want to in a row and
I've won probably ten in a row before these two
You're the reason case has getting net is getting negative followers
It's a it's a very infinitesimally negative number though
That's true. It's hard to associate it with you because it's a small negative number
Whereas you're sort of one of those impossible numbers that mathematicians like to talk about
Because you sort of eliminate all the other numbers. You're so negative
Okay, it was it was close to
Not a tie because I won it wasn't possibly far away from a tie if you think about it because I in fact won in a landslide
Maybe you should place a bet with a gorilla about winning the next one crumb
Maybe you should
Maybe
This gorilla has been waiting very patiently you have not been paying him quickly enough
Rum even though you owe him a hundred fifteen thousand dollars
Debate the gorilla
I'm not afraid to make a bet. Oh my god. You want to make a bet so bad
God you are
Such a bad example to humanity you've addicted to gambling. There's no shame
In addiction
You just have to admit it and move past and have you done the second part? I mean the process of moving past my
debatable gambling addiction debatable
my occasional admitted
Sorry, Bolivia. Yes, I I've promised my wife I would
Do better. Yes my gambling addiction
but one little bet against a gorilla
would be
Probably the responsible thing to do because I do owe the gorilla money
Move past this debt with one amazing win
Or maybe double the debt. No, I can't move backwards like that
The progress we're making is already so slow
Could you maybe up the amount you give me to like?
$20,000 per
Victory is that how it works? You know how it works. You owe this gorilla the amount of money on screen
And when you win you get the money you get $5,000
But I get to pick your side of the debate forever. Well until the Dutch paid
Yeah
Sure
No, that's what we signed sure. Okay, you're saying in a way. I don't like yes, sure
Okay, how about this you up the amount that you pay me
To 2015 20 grand 15 20 grand 10
15 15
Wait, you just negotiated down to what I said before well, I was negotiating up from 10
Okay, fine 15 we get we well triple it. I'll triple the amount. I'm insanely generously giving away
But if you lose
You have to let this gorilla punch you once
No, that's a death sentence
Gorillas are 10 times stronger than humans. Let this gorilla punch you once full strength if you lose
He doesn't have to punch you in the head necessarily we can make another crumb
No, you can't I could I've got the magic. I never would that'd be like
They'd be like summoning the devil's dump into this plane the devil's dump
There's power in every time the devil takes a shit. That's giving you too much credit actually you're more like
The devil's fail son it's piss
If the devil had a fail son, which he does
Mala for us off
Is this fail son's name God shut the fuck up? I won't that's the kind of thing the Malafar sauce piss would say
Anyway, you're gonna let this gorilla punch you full force in the face if you lose the next thing
The next debate to me
But I'll triple the money I'm paying if you win
Okay, well let it fucking ride baby. Oh my god
Let it fucking ride. I know I can win. Okay, well, we'll do that next time when I could use the money right
We'll do it next time
This grill has got a warm up his punching fist and it's supposed to be hamtaro day
Trying to make the day all about you with your forthcoming death. You should he wouldn't punch me
You could punch me anywhere. He could punch me in the hand
Well, he gets to pick I mean who knows where he probably wants to punch you everywhere
He probably wants to punch you fucking everywhere
So we'll see where he chooses
Okay
Okay, we did a bait was demanded 100 men versus gorilla I
Know what side I'm taking
No, no, no, I'm on the side of the ground on the side of the hundred men
100 men
Wait, you just said the side of the I'm sorry. I'm on the side of the gorilla. I misspoke
I'm on the side of the gorilla
But you are just no I'm on the side of the gorilla you're on the side of the hundred men
Wonder how that makes that gorilla feel he warms up his punching arm
Okay, well there are a lot of humans in our audience. I'm assuming big assumption
I'm assuming there's humans in our audience. So guys before we start this debate
There isn't a mod that mines making that debate. I'm just know that I have a lot on the line
Oh God
Okay
Look, I understand it's more fun for the gorilla to win and
zero shade
Zero shade rock rock fire gorilla really no shade at all, but
The natural course of history thus far at least would suggest that
Man tend to win now
I grant you in the classic versus scenario of a hundred men versus one gorilla on a football field the gorilla takes it easily
in my opinion
Easily, but I'm broadening this to just be in the world as we know it and in the world as we know it
I'm sorry men
They have spears they have implements they
They form hunting parties in ways that gorillas simply don't
And I do think a man in the in the wild with prep time
Unfortunately, and I mean it is war unfortunately rock of fire. I'm what are you saying? What are you fucking?
I'm saying unfortunately rock of fire the man
Historically taking it and Chad I would just also like to say please you are voting for my death if you're voting against me
I know we've had our differences shut the fuck you're into my time Chad. I will say this
This gorilla will a hundred percent punch him in the face
It'll kill him
We will be rid of crumb forever and we will prove that at least one one hundredth of this of his versus scenario
It's entirely in favor of the gorilla murdering crumb 100 crumbs on a battlefield one gorilla
We're gonna get an example of exactly what that looks like if you just have the fortitude and strength to vote for
Crumbs death finally we could be free of this this could all be done. I could get a hamster co-host or whatever
I could get scrum back maybe not that but basically what I'm saying is let's kill crumb and this is our one shot at it
And I rest my case gavel gavel gavel
Whoa, I have a problem. I
Have a gambling problem and I can fucking see why cuz I'm riding high today. Oh
I feel like the son of God
today
I feel like God called me to the top of a mountain
He said here's a hundred dollars or throw your kid off and I fucking put kicked him to the base of killin men Jaro
I can fucking fly baby. Yeah
status quo and exposed alive dead or chat hold on tight one vote
The truth will shine that's my fucking vote in me with your
Sorry, I got a little carried away there
I did I wouldn't putt kick myself off of Mount Kilimanjaro for a hundred for a chest of gold
I just feel good. I feel great. It's really nice to know that enough of you don't want to see me die that I won't
You're
Now that is how you enter a stream let's go crumbs
Look I get carried away sometimes sometimes I say things that are a little crazy
I'm a little bit wild. I'm a little and there's kind of no filter on me put some caution tape over my mouth
Put it on a sheet e-cover
Release everything I've ever said is a stand-up special stop talking stop this you are so close to death
You were one vote away from death at the gorilla might not have punched me in the face and he might not have punched me full force
Look at him. He was gonna kill you. He was gonna kill you. Well, uh, I'm killing this
debt actually you owe me another ten thousand dollars
Fucking ridiculous we got comments on this Gina found an a I see good flirt with a few months ago
It's good
Debate which is better hamster or a gerbil we should have done that probably
Seeing is how things have turned out months talked himself out of a win
I mean, I do think you do that all the time. You're a repellent monster of a you
You're the one who just said you kick your kid off a mountain for a chance to go like you wouldn't do that
Like you wouldn't do that in a second like you probably haven't done that the end there
Got that specific deal from an otherworldly being because that one doesn't make any sense. Why would he oh
You guess you get the chest of gold or you murder a kid?
I guess there's some outer beings that would do that, but if they could do better than that
Crumb escaped with his life and an extra ten thousand dollars, which I am expecting by the bye
Is crumb the left Joe Rogan yes
Good news everybody you found him
Jamie can you pull up my last win?
No need because I already pulled out and pissed all over your loss
Yeah
I don't know about that one. God. Yeah, we got to go. We got a fucking I will affix the money situation
Because that means nothing to me
Whole point of this was to flex my incredible wealth over your head while you get murdered which you still might by the way
Well now if you do the math a little quick calculation be
How many do I have?
95 is is after no, I'm should be at a hundred so
15 times 230
Six seven seven wins away
from clearing my debt just a 7 quick little wins but if you don't clear your
debt in the next seven wins no I'm not making another bet don't clear it up in
the next seven wins that gorilla gets to do the punch why would I make that bet
cuz I'll give you three hundred thousand dollars if you do do it in seven wins
that leaves no room for error I have to win literally everyone but 300,000
three hundred thousand dollars the next eight really next eight gives me one
room for a loss you're fucking on that's a high-stakes bet cuz I'll die oh that's a
high-stakes bet cuz I'll die but I have a free loss in there next eight you
don't clear your debt in the next eight rounds of this fucking whatever this is
you will be dead I don't ever I'm just trying to solve my problem actually I
promise I owe this gorilla a bunch of money but I'm about $300,000 richer and
I mean if you triple that then that's a million close to a million oh my god
you're gonna get killed you're gonna finally get killed by this gorilla whoo
as a gambler you hate this but as a humanist you love the idea of crumb dying
that's not what big J. Dub shed the gorilla will get his money one way or
another that is true that is absolutely true okay well that's gotta be all the
time we have it'll be all the time we have when I say it's all the time we
have and that's all the time we have actually I said me it's him tarot day
we've been you've been taking up all our time we got railroads and hamsters to
build or whatever the fuck I don't know I'm excited I've never been more excited we
are so close to this man being murdered by a gorilla and you know we're gonna see
it soon and I'll talk to all of you soon bye bye the worst munch in the munch
verse maybe we could get Viking munch in there maybe viking munch can finally
I don't know make crumb behave himself maybe we get Viking crumb who knows what
happens after crumb gets killed the gambling probably have a gambling
solution I don't think it's extremely insensitive the way that honestly both
munch in a crumb talk about gambling and I'm sorry to hear if anybody has a
gambling issue but we might be one gambling issue down if crumb doesn't win
seven out of eight of the next debates as close crumb is kind of on a streak but
is the on that much of a streak because otherwise we might see crumb streaked all
over the wall of the studio we'll see no crumb no watch how negative can my
follower count get the hamsters will piss on crumbs course is that the kind of
thing hamsters do I'd love to find a crumb it's hamster day it's not crumb day
well you were talking about me so just thought I'd pop in to say it's a risk
it's a calculated risk and the only reason I was comfortable taking that
action is because I love the action in chat I love all of you I love doing this
show and I'm excited to entertain that's what it's all about at the end of the day
we're just having some fun you're gonna get killed by a gorilla is that fun
having a little bit of fun so stick with me please vote crumb please hamster would
you kill crumb okay that's good enough Peter and crumb on why we are losing
followers oh our why that does make sense we got some comments together we
demand a recount that was insanely close we could have seen crumbs death right
there crumb shot it was a bit of a crumb shot I don't want to imagine crumb
pulling out none of us do but all of us have probably just by listening to him
talk the studio will be redesigned with crumb over the walls it's a little brutal
but that could be the reality it could also be a crumb believable day when I
went three hundred thousand dollars that really the price you put on your life
three hundred thousand dollars it's a lot of money if you think about it look
it's not enough to live on but it's enough to ball on if you know what I
mean a boop boop boop boop boop ballin out it's enough to ball on we hit
this hamster wrap goal yet is it can that include me no it can't crumb ham
hams assemble oh yeah it's supposed to be a hamster day it is supposed to be a
hamster day crumb and you've taken up the majority of the stream with your
behavior so just know that I'm not picking a side here because I do also
think munch is terrible thank you but I do think you're terrible and honest a
morning city this way why you gotta be sure me we're closer to the shame
political side than you and munch that's debatably true I know that argue I'm not
close to either of your sides we represent the only side case so you got
to be close to one of us I refuse this paradigm fake woke I'm as woke as it
gets for real motherfuckers you can't trip me up say anything I'll spit back
some wokenish at you why did you take campaign contributions from Boeing to
diverse company that represents diverse interest just like this great country
that doesn't count as woke Boeing is gay oh no that really doesn't count as
woke you're terrible at this but we can place women and men alike that they
kill that I that they help okay come that's enough for me for the day I'm
woke I promise okay Boeing I apologize that was a genuine slip of the tongue
it's just it's in the news I meant to say help I really did and I have
treasured all the great work we've done together in the town of crimpton that's
enough crumb lord I have more though stop it crumb going to play the hamster
game no the hamster is gonna play the hamster game I kind of looked like a hamst
shirt no you don't see I could be hamster oh my god oh my god you're making me
like much more just by being on screen see check get you that kind of do all
right not cases brother said crew you should be on sugar Ray Leonard to
win it's a sure thing see there you go oh we sugar bread by boxing again
alright yeah go find out okay I'll go check that out more low for the ghost of
Fifi yeah okay we're gonna play a hamster game for as long as we can tolerate
whatever this hamster game is I don't know much about this hamster game so it
could be really bad or it could be the greatest game ever either way I don't
know what else to do for a hamtara stream so let's frickin go and hope that my this
setup can handle it I don't know if you are allowed to stream video games on
twitch actually but if this is against to us just let me know maybe my stream
can't handle this there's a lot of graphics running on top of it trying
to process this games graphics I might have to switch I might have to switch
my stream setup to a less graphically intense one it will probably crash the
stream though I say let's do that I'm gonna temporarily retreat to my non-new
setup most likely we will crash but just know we'll be right back if this game
it just runs like this on my computer that is more troubling so hopefully it'll
work once we switch to something with a few less assets we'll restart this
stream right after this most likely crash right I'll see you guys