Six five four one. Let's go. Yeah, we're live everybody. Hello everyone. That's 1,000 Matt Liddell Tamtran Jay Money Huey Keuler
Big FTW
Guys, it's a big FTW today because all of my normal correspondence
They either died of illness or they're just sick. I'm not sure I can't get ahold of them. So none of them are here
However, I do have a guest so I'll bring them on right now
So they don't have to just sit in the wings, please welcome my friend Andy
Yeah, there he is
Yeah, oh my god. Look how we're in the same room. It's so natural
This it's great to see you
To see you dude. You look incredible
Have you done something with like your hair or the side of your body?
You look like you're getting thinner and less than a constantly it's sort of a weird refresh rate
It's beautiful. Mm-hmm. I'm just sort of working my edges right now
Yeah, that you can do with the gym is you can really tone your edges. Yeah, your edges look great, dude
Mm-hmm. You want yeah, they call it silhouetting. Can we high five?
Mm-hmm. I think so
Of course we can because we're in
Wow, you hear that?
That was crazy. Yeah, it was a whip crack
Um, anyway, Andy, if you haven't ever seen this show, don't worry
I know that you're in this lavishly expensive studio and it's probably really intimidating
It is. Yeah
We basic values are insane. They're crazy. Also. I can do stuff like this
Yeah, that blow your mind
Those letters exploded out of there and all the confetti
I should also let you know that everyone that I have on today
Including Andy suffers from a condition known as two second delay where what we would normally process
Actually for them happens kind of on a two second delay
Yeah
It's crazy. Yeah, don't let the confetti get in your throat. It's uh, we make a huge mess around here. I'm so sorry
I did. I swallowed some confetti. Yeah. Well, you look great
Thank you, man. I tell you all the time. I'm like you look good
Thank you my guy. We're both looking. We're both just two studs on bin
Anyway, Andy, I know I asked you to be here and it was a huge favor to say yes on short notice
But I actually have about 10 other people that I asked so I'm barely gonna use you
Oh, okay, but um, I'm gonna bring bring the first one of them out now
All of my usual correspondence called in sick
But fortunately, um, their siblings were all available
I didn't even know some of them had siblings, but they do. Um, including chat whose brother was nice enough to say
Fine, I got 10 minutes. Uh, so please welcome. Um, I think it I'll ask you what's your name?
Brett. Oh, hey, Brett
What's up my man? You look good, Brett
Thank you, dude
Honestly, so far you're a lot nicer than the usual chat. He usually just fucking dogs on my ass. He's super mean for no reason
Oh, I could see why you would dog on your, uh, corny ass
Corny ass corny ass
Yeah, he makes fun of you
He sort of mean to me usually
Like because you're
Little bitch
But that's sort of like the thrust of it usually. Okay, got you got you. Yeah, all right
But I mean you could be you don't have to do that. You can just be nice to me
I uh, sure if I see an opportunity to be nice, but looking like I'm probably gonna
You know
Be following my brother's lead here. Okay, that's fine. Um, well, anyway, there's uh, this is actually a news network
You might know that you told me that you're also, uh news guy
I'm a big time news man
That's a huge relief because this is a sort of a serious news thing that we do here
and I haven't talked about, um
I haven't talked about joe biden in a while. Do you have any feelings on on good? Oh my god, you're fucking
Whoa
Yeah, what's up
I'm great, bro. Can I even do that on stream? This guy's vaping his ass off right now. I'm vaping pure plastic
Don't what flavor?
Uh, I think it was like
I don't know grape or something grape ice grape ice plastic
Grape ice plastic dude. Yeah, there's no the nicotine has been gone in this thing for a long time
Brett this
Can you not maybe the bottom of the cartridge?
Do you like the taste?
Uh, I love the burn. I love the sort of the uh chemical burn in my throat. You're addicted to the burn
Yeah
Okay, well, um, anyway, we got a story coming in. Oh, sorry. That's your brother's graphic that I should have gotten that
Updated for you. Fuck. Yeah, chat. Yeah, but you're you're Brett. That's my bad. Anyway
Biden apparently was in a contentious press conference
Uh, usually I have the correspondent cover the story. So if you don't mind, I guess I'll have you do it
Oh, no, how did my boy do?
Apparently not as good as as people would like
Oh, no, if you just want to read the story, then we can probably find the video to sort of follow up
All right
We're going from the hill here. Mm-hmm one of my favorite publications
Oh, no, my boy president biden fiercely defended his cognitive abilities and memory thursday in the wake of a special council report
That offered a scathing assessment of his recollection of key elements of his life and political career
Yeah
Okay
Yeah, you want me to read the whole thing you can keep going. I'm gonna try to find the video while you sort of fill us in
Okay
Oh, damn. Okay, biden squarely pushed back on the report's most eyebrow-raising details in which special counsel robert hurr calls biden
A sympathetic well-meaning elderly man with a poor memory. Wait, who called him that?
special counsel robert hurr
I don't even know
I've have you ever heard of robert hurr
I've never heard of special counsel robert hurr
He called he called my boy biden a sympathetic well-meaning elderly man with a poor memory
The special way the special counsel to what are there are there malts?
I don't actually never I've never really known what the term special counsel means exactly
He's I guess he's a lawyer, right?
That would make sense
I know this because i'm newsman. You know, he's yeah, that makes him a lawyer special counsel
All right, hopefully you can hear this we have we do have the the video
In his report is that one of the reasons you were not in charge is because
In his description, you are a well-meaning elderly man
With a poor memory
I'm well-meaning and I'm an elderly man and I know what the hell i'm doing. I've been president
I put this country back on his feet. I don't need his recommendation. It's totally
And can you continue as president? My memory is so bad. I let you speak
That's
My memory is fine
My memory take a look at what I've done since I become president
None of you thought I could pass any of the things I got passed. How'd that happen? That's memory. That's pure memory
That's pure memory. You can't get past. You don't got memory
Only by some of you
If you weren't clear of criminal liability today
Do you take responsibility for at least being careless with classified material?
I take responsibility for not having
Seen exactly what my staff was doing
There goes in and points out
Things that appeared in my garage things that came out of my home things that were moved
Things that were moved not by me but my staff
But my staff
Is doing a fine job
What's our what's that uh bret
I think he's doing a fine job. I think biden's getting their asses. Oh, you think he's sort of holding his own
I think they look like clowns. I like the reporters look like clowns there. I think biden looks great in this video
Honestly, so far. I kind of agree. I think he's I think I sort of feel a little bad for him
It feels like it kind of opened the floodgates like they're like, oh now we can ask about how he's old and they're just kind of getting in there
Mm-hmm. Yeah
Yeah, they're just they're ragging on my guy, but he's absolutely defending himself with the
Oh fuck. Oh shit, bret. You getting blown up good getting a live phone call here
Oh, shit
You can take that if you need to answer this I can mute you if you need to take a personal call, bret
I could probably take it live. Oh you want to take it live? Okay
hello
hi j
I
Need to go to work around uh 5 30. Uh, yeah, that'd be fine. Uh, yes. Yes, that's right
Okay, thank you
Thanks, jay
I got my water pressure guy coming by. Oh shit. Congrats
Thanks
Thanks, dude. I was like I need this coming out harder. I need to get sprayed
Oh, like not your what not water pressure coming out of you water pressure coming out of your faucets
Yeah, coming out of my faucets. No, my my own water pressure is always at max. Oh good. Okay
Yeah, that's you that you got the vibe of a guy whose water pressure is blasted off. Oh, yeah
Okay, well, there are about four minutes left of whatever's happening in this buy-in conference
Press conference. Should we give it a little should we give it a little more? I'm down to watch it all
Watch me watch any American people have been watching and they have expressed concerns about your age
That is your judgment. That is your judgment to public that is not the judgment of the press
They express concerns about your mental acuity. They say that you were too old
Mr. President in december you told me that you believe there are many other democrats who could defeat donald trump
So why does it have to be you now?
What what is your answer to that question? I'm the most qualified person in this country to be president united states and finish the job
I started
I did not share classified information
Let him cook. Oh shit
Let my boy cook
Been questioned by reporters. Okay. Oh, that's sort of the at the end of the clips
The rest is just this real intense music. It turns out
Hmm. So
Wow, okay. Wow. Well, I think he proved the haters wrong there
He did say I mean he said it was the judge not the judgment of the american people and it sounds like we're kind of both squarely on his side
Yeah, that was just some one reporter woman said some things and
Wrong
They got specifically the 20 people that don't like how he's doing his job
And they let all of them ask questions at once which I think is unfair
Yeah, but he handled it perfectly. He was like a ninja dodging bullets there
Yeah, I couldn't I couldn't I mean honestly brett so far. I gotta say
You're like really chill in a way that your brother just isn't
Thank you case
I kind of wanted to be mean to you
There for a second, but I think that's not our dynamic. No, dude. I think we're totally chill bros actually
I think I fucking like you a lot case. Hell. Yes. Finally somebody on this network likes me
I should have gotten everyone's siblings from the start
Is everybody usually mean to you?
Yeah
Thanks, buddy. Oh, yeah, man. Yeah, you are your arms. Okay
You're better. They're great
Oh, wow, I've been working on my silhouettes. I've been working on my edges at the gym
So they pop in and out sometimes. Well, you're moving so fast like a powerful ninja that sometimes your arms just disappear
It's like dragon balls in here. Sometimes you don't see me
Oh my god, look at him go
Well chat I actually um
Sort of a big deal news network here. I kind of have a straight wire to the president when I want it
So I might let you sign off for now
And ask we can follow up with the president
If you don't mind that the president might you know
Who knows how he's gonna sound he might sound different
But I can go get him
I bet he'll sound pretty close to how he how he's supposed to sound you sound just yeah, you sound so much like him
You're already almost sound like him. Anyway, thanks again chat. I'll have you back. I mean, sorry Brett. I'm just old habits
Uh, that's okay, man. I know we look a lot alike. You guys look so much alike. I can really see the family
We both. Yeah, our dad was um a snow plow
See it in our chin. Yeah
I've always wondered. Yeah, that makes sense that he was a snow plow
Mm-hmm. Okay sick. Yeah, that's right dad. Well, thanks again chat. I'll see I'll see you again in just a little bit. Okay
Yeah, what a nice guy
Honestly not so much better than his brother
Maybe check can just stay sick forever
His dad did cocaine and fucked. I mean his dad didn't everybody's dad did a little cocaine and fuck
Let's get biden on here
I don't check in with the president as often as I used to
Um, and that's on me
but
Um, sorry, I'm just trying to remember
Where the president's number is. Yeah, this is him. It looks just that's him. I got him on a video call now
Um, you know, I I take the news very seriously here and I gotta set a good example for all these new anchors
So please welcome, um
The studio president biden
Wow, mr. Biden you look
You look incredible
Wow
Wow
Hey there jack
Well, listen, um, mr. Biden you said you're accountable to the american people. I have american people in my chat
Who did
You said that I did
Yeah, you we just watched you say it. Hmm
So anyway, I'm wondering if I'm the one who's accountable the american people jack
Yeah
Are you you sound
Actually, oh vocally a little clearer than usual. So
Uh, good job, mr. President
When you go on
Okay, great. If uh, if the american people aren't really anybody in chat has a question throw it in there
I'm not afraid to ask mr. Biden the hard questions for instance
um
What celebrities have you met recently? I
met
The question was I met me. I met a celebrity
And you know which one
All right, we got some questions coming in from the hard-working american people mr. President. This might sound a little inappropriate, but um
Keynesses have sort of been in the news a little bit lately with drake and everything
What?
They're they're asking how many inches you're packing
But you don't have to take that sexually if you don't if you don't want to
The american people want to know the size of my
Weiner
I think that's the question and I did say I'd accept all questions
Mm-hmm, and I told you and I I told you I would always be I'm gonna I'm gonna tell you
Jack okay, we're looking at the most normal
length
Let's say together what that is arm three
one
two three
Five and a half
Five and a half
Did you start saying four?
No, it'd be fine if it's four. There's no no
Jack
You said four. I said five and a half. I think four is five
Okay, well, there's well look that's kind of a low hanging fruit. Let me ask you more global average is two and a half 2.5
global average
I guess you have extra I guess you have information that most american people don't I didn't realize it was that number
That means you actually double that the average
That's right american people's president needs to be double the average
Okay, well, there's more questions coming in um
Who let the sorry I don't maybe you'll understand this maybe um
Who diblet the dogs out was a question. I said I take all questions. I don't really get that one
Who diblet the dogs out?
Who diblet the dogs out?
Love that love that song
Oh, you know campaign song. That's your campaign song
Who diblet the dogs out rough rough rough rough rough rough rough
I don't know if I've heard that one
Who diblet dogs out?
Okay, um, honestly, I guess I'm into it
Okay, more questions coming in. Uh, mr. President, uh, do you have any more corn pop stories?
Do you remember corn pop from before corn pop?
Oh, yeah
Yeah, corn pop was
Uh
Man of my in my community when I was a young man
Jack
Corn pop was he was the man who
he
Uh
I believe maybe he stroked the hair on my legs
That sounds about right. Is that the only story you have? It's totally fine if it is
the only one
corn pop
went down corn pop
um
Corn pop gave all the kids
Sorry, you're still there mr. President. I'm just I'm fixing something
Oh, mr. President. Are you okay? Sorry. I know I threw you off there. I'm just I'm fixing something
I'm glad to be here
So if you don't have any corn pop stories, that's totally fine. We're talking about corn pop. Yeah, we're talking about about corn pop
That son of a bitch
Who's being a silver dollar? He owes you a silver dollar. Mm-hmm
Who's being a silver dollar you said you'll joe you'll never become
President
We made a bet you went corn pop
67 years ago
I said i'll be the president. He said like hell you will
I said put your money where your mouth is jack
Mm-hmm. He said i'll bet you
and uh
An entire silver dollar
That's a beautiful story mr. President
Okay, um, does the hunter don't okay. Well, we already asked about the penises mr. President. We're dinosaur
Let's say it on three. What the size of the normal global average
Okay, I mean we already did it but one two three four
He said four earlier, so I was bringing it down for you
Four is the average or sorry you said two you said two and if it was
If it was two
If it was that'd be
Two if it was what that would it be that'd be fine if it was
Yeah, I think that'd be totally fine. Mr. President. All right
Three then yeah, okay. Um, I'll try to get you a more serious
Uh
question
And if I can say you're looking great today again, mr. President. Um, are you trying to be more orange for
upcoming
Elections and eating too many carrots
Are the carrots or what's doing that the lycopene?
Yeah, the like snack on baby carrots
Dr. Jill's got me snacking on carrots
Okay
Good to know. Um, mr. President. What was it like? Okay. This is a little rude
But again, I did say I'd take all questions from there. Can people what was it like in the garden of eden?
Honestly, it was great
Oh, you were there you were there. Mm-hmm. Honestly, it was great
You thought you'd see a lion and you say, oh my god, I'm about to be bet
But it would just come up in nuzzle
Oh, they were sort of friendlier back in the garden
Yep
The lions yep
You could kill them real easy take them as trophies
All the animals trusted you none of them would run away
made for a eat untamed
Okay, um
Mr. President, some people think you're lying
You are you lying?
Smoke packs a proud american asked if you're lying or why are you lying? It's more of an accusation
Drone strike
You didn't you already know where they are
I don't drone strike one of my viewers live on here
Watch that number on that twitch stream drop by one
I need every fucking viewer. I've got mr. President
Smoke packs. I'm so sorry. I guess flea
Yeah, you could try we're we're getting great at tracking we got those robot dogs from black mirror
on his ass
Mr. President honestly, I think one of the most disappointing things about your um run has been that you
Seem a little more comfortable with large-scale violence than I think any of us were hoping for
What what what's making you turn towards that as a solution so quickly
Where where's
Are we doing that?
We're doing I mean the Middle East
Gaza obviously you seem to be in full support of
Not to get too real on you, but
Yeah, they're go go uh and which side are you on?
Um the side of of human life
Drone strike on me
Mr. President
We've got a history man. Come on
All right gale calling it off
Uh, thank you. Jesus christ
Gales got gale keep your finger near the button. All right. I got one. I'll just do one more question. I know you're very busy. Um
Let's see
Some people are saying fuck, um
What is your bedtime?
We're way past it right now. I'm staying up for this
Oh, am I keeping you up?
It's all right case. I'm gonna I'm gonna hit that. I'm gonna I'm all ready for the sack below
my
uh
Top half here is dressed for work from my bottom. That's already in my pj
That's one of the things that's nice about streaming. I found or just interviews in this style in general
You can wear whatever you want down there. Mm-hmm. You can wear whatever you want. You can you can uh
Nobody knows if you're pissing
Well, they might now
out
Are you pissing right now? Got no proof
That I'm uh
Are you currently pissing mr. President?
Drone strike. Okay. Well, I'll just cut all all in the interview there. Don't need to follow up on that
Um, mr. President. Thanks so much for joining us
They use so much case
incredible
Um
Incredible incredible what technology can do for us guys. I got the president on the line within seconds
Okay
Well, look there's something else. I'd like to try before any of our gracious guests might have to go live their life understandably
um
We like to kick it to the streets. I feel like the streets
Could be extra crazy today
So let's kick it over there uh trips standing by if you have any thoughts
Throw them in the chat
Anyone on the streets will have to have my chat open to see what the chat is throwing in the chat
Uh, but feel free to throw it in there trip, of course can sniff your opinions out on the streets
Even if it's slightly different than usual. So let's get it get to it
Um, it's time a four trip on the streets
Oh my dang glasses drop my glasses. I hate it when that happens. Hello everybody. I'm trip bradstein
I'm out here on these streets
You might have noticed and the streets seem a little extra lively today
So if you've got any opinion throat in the chat, I'm excited to expertly sniff out where your opinions may be
um
With whoever happens to be out here today
Uh trip, uh, we need to continue investing in the dynamics on this program. So you have to tell us
It'll work out better with your brother
Hmm don't quite know what that means
Sheep shifter, but if you have a thought if you have a follow-up thought on it
Phrase it in the form of an opinion and I'll find it on the streets. I swear to god
Uh bret and chet, uh come on. I'm sure it is a callback. I'm just very stupid
Is the thing so it takes me a minute to track even the simplest of ideas
Anywho, let's see who's out here today. Um, and if an opinion rolls into the chat, I'm sure I'll sniff it out
And in the meantime, maybe I'll just I'll fly. Oh, okay, looks like there's an opinion in there
Um, let's say hello to whoever happens to be strolling up right now. Uh, excuse me. Oh, no, this seems
I'm hope this person might be too young. Excuse me
Oh, there. Nope. You come back. Sorry
Sorry, come back
Sorry one second
This doesn't seem quite
Whatever's happening. It doesn't seem like it's working quite the way I intended
Um one one quick second here. Let me see if I can just slightly adjust
There we go. Uh there now you're back to normal
Uh, okay, sir. Do you do you have any opinions on do you see any opinion? Is there an opinion you have to talk to me?
I'm trip bradstein
Hello there young man
Hello
Hi
Okay, we'll leave. Don't eat the microphone. I
Don't man. I use that
Young man, it's not a binky for your mouth. I use this microphone
Young man milk out of it though
You got there's no milk in there. I sucked the milk out of it out of my mic
I swear to god. I didn't put any milk in there today. I sucked the milk out of the Mikey
That's microphone juice. That's highly toxic. Be careful young man
Good for baby belly. No, that's mine. Uh, that's my proprietary microphone juice that makes all my mic sounds so crystal clear
Young man
Young man
Do you have any opinions on the news events of the day or anything at all?
I just see in norm chomsky and edwards. I eat
A media consent manufacturing model
Okay
Why is that young man? Do you do you feel like you're being manipulated by mass media?
We all are
Even a little bit
We're consumers of politics rather than producers of it
It's all a spectacle
Young man, stop it. This microphone juice is doing things to your mind. The juice is good
The the juice is gonna do even more damage than any sort of mass media manipulation
I can guarantee you that what what specific programs do you feel like you're being manipulated by
You should be watching like shapes on a screen basically teaching you to use the bathroom
Peppa pig
Peppa's manipulating you pig wants to make us docile compliant workers
Are you working someone making you work?
young man
The the Mikey milk is so good. I swear to this is going to kill you
I'm going to kill a child live on air if you keep sucking the mic juice out of my microphone
Okay, all right. Well, look, I'm certain says I'm a little worried that you're maybe an agent for mass media
And I'm and I think I have to to bid you good day, tiny sir
drone strike
No, not this park is innocent. Get him out of here. Get this man out of here. Get him out
God damn it. All right. Let's get someone else. Um
Sorry, I think if there's an opinion if you scroll way up
Say if if you visualize all the opinions in the chat as, um
And you're as a person on the streets you visualize opinions in a chat
I'd say scroll way up and find one would be my advice. All right. Let's give this another shot
I see another person coming in. How'd excuse me, sir
Hey there I
Hello
Hey, what's up?
You're a sharp dressed man. Why thank you so much. I try to do my best
I'm here to collect opinions on the streets
Oh, I'm overflowing with opinions. And what's your name, sir?
Gooth
Gooth
Gooth little rule
Hello, mr. LaRue. Do you have any thoughts on the events of the day the news
Joe Biden anything at any any and all above?
Hmm
Um
Tragic
That's all I can say is tragic
Okay
anything else
Any specific thing you wanted me to comment on well say that your opinion came pre-loaded as just something written in the chat
Oh
Oh, right
Well, I'm I'm
Here's what I think. Oh, okay
Uh, I'm getting worried about those tragic drone strikes taking advantage of our free
Okay
Oh, that's your opinion
That's my opinion. I just came up with that myself. Okay. Well, you feel like you're I mean, I guess I can't deny that
Various figures today have threatened drone strikes on seemingly innocuous targets. Do you feel like you're personally at risk?
I got one coming for me right now right now. I've got one coming at me right now
We've got to get that's away from each other if we both get drone struck at the same time
Can I ask for a favor? Of course
Can I have a little of your mic and milk?
Sir, you're an adult. You don't need to be drinking mic and milk at this age
That's a last meal
For a condemned man Guthaluru. I can't deny a last meal. Oh you went in you already went right in there
You're missing the microphone, sir
sir
Good for baby belly. Why does everyone like my mic milk so much today? You're a you're a baby
You son of a bitch were you a baby all along?
Oh
You put on a whole beard for me
Get out of here you little psycho your your band from here
What the fuck all right, well, let's see if we can find another opinion
I keep talking to the same goddamn baby that loves to suck the juice out of my mic
Uh, let's see what this fellow's this looks like an older gentleman. Maybe he's a little more seasoned
It has some thoughts on the events of the day. Let's find out
Hello, man. Good. Good to see an old timer such as yourself. Uh, respect to the elderly
What the hell he's straight up gone? Oh, there he is
Jesus christ. All right, do you have any do you have any thoughts on the events of the day?
I do
Oh my god, where does he keep going?
Uh, oh, I think
Either my mind is is blinking out or someone's internet is
Oh, no, are we losing are we losing them shoot?
He freaking vanished like a ghost in the night up there. He should be back now. I think
whoop
whoopsie
Oh shoot
Well, this is a little lesson for me. Um
Give me just one second anyone out here on the streets. I need to
Real quickly try to fix something that seems to have randomly broken
Got to love the technology of the streets and how seamlessly it works at all times
Totally flawless street technology
Hmm
Oh shoot
Well, fuck my little bot. What's happening now? Hmm
Okay
Other god damn it. Um, Annie. Can you hear me at all?
Mm-hmm. Yes, I can hear you hear you at least I just can't show you
Because oh no
Are you still you're still I'm gonna send it back to case really quick. We'll be right. Okay
Just one second
More of the streets. I swear to god
God damn it
Just when I think I've got it all working flawlessly
A whole system changes up on me
Um, Andy, I'm gonna send you a different link really quick
Okay, and let me know
And just so close out of the one you're currently on and join that one
The ndi link. Yeah, I'll send you another one. Okay. That's secretly one of the same ones from earlier
Okay, this is so close to working really well. I swear
But if this does work, I'll be very pleased
Uh, just let me know when you've you've joined that one and then we'll see if
Okay, the system is just broken
All right, here I come I think and my give me one second here. Sure. Sure. Sure
Well, anyway, good to see everybody. Thanks for sticking with us. Uh, let me shout out some
I've been a little distracted by the various tech concerns today, but I see the conspiracy time
And I want to thank, uh
Giggle trash for the subs. Thank you. Oh, that won't be too long
He's getting a package Andy life is sweet. I was in the studio. Uh, thank you to, uh, giggle trash for the resub 14 months
Gamer nerd 14 months
And oh my gosh, and thank you to infinite nonsense tv peter. I hope you're doing well
Um, I did not realize you're streaming when I logged on or I would have been amongst your viewers my bad
Um, but hope everybody had a good time over with peter
One of the g4
Well, I guess technically none of us were originals, but in my opinion
A true og of the g4 game. Okay, andy's
Things might be working and
Oh it crashed
Oh, okay, there it is. Great. I just changed one thing
All right
Yeah, we're back
We're back in action. It's just that easy. All right. Let me send it back to trip on the streets. Peter. Thank you again for the raid
Uh
Trip is attempting to talk to an old man
Well, who knows how old and I cut him right off to try to fix some tech issues. So let's send it back
So sorry about that everyone
You just you never know out here on the streets. What might happen
Is papito's brother in the studio. Yes, uh case texted me saying hey am I at the petos?
Weird dog brothers in the studio
So case should really check in with that creature soon. Anyway, I'm just staring this old man in the face
I could see him the whole time our cameras were having trouble picking up how beautifully is excuse me. Good to see you, sir
Uh, oh, I can't hear you now
one second
Let me try to fix this
What?
Here talk real quick
Hello
Okay, hello
Maybe this will work. Just fine
Okay, are you hearing an echo or anything annoying?
I'm not and he will just go with this audio right here. This sounds just fine to me. Uh, thank you so much for being here, sir
Hmm
It's my pleasure
Uh, did you have any opinions for me? Sorry? I know the opinions in your mind are probably running like a chat
And that now the chats way ahead of where the opinions are but if you still have one that would be fantastic
Oh, yes. Okay, my opinion
I
Is they're replacing all the real mic juice with the fake stuff, but marketing it as organic and anyway, that's why I
personally was at
January 6th
You personally went to January 6th because of
mic juice
conspiracies
Not a conspiracies truth
Can I ask you because everybody's sucking on my mic juice today? What it even tastes like?
Grape ice
Wait a minute. That's it. That's it. Are you straight?
You're fucking vaping out your eyes
I'm vaping your mic juice out of my eyes, sir. Can you vape for me again really quick? I'm worried about your health
I'm doing fine
What is going on with you?
You need to stop
Drinking mic juice. It's having it. This is what this is what health looks like. No, you look how old are you?
I'm 12
JK I'm that baby from earlier. Oh my god again
You wouldn't believe this folks. You wouldn't
No, my king my king milk is so good fucking mr. Magoo over here the master of disguise
Missing the mic by him by my they're always right on it now. He's right
I need Rob Elliott here to fucking ban you
Okay, little baby
Can you tell the next person in line that there's probably some thick juicy opinions in the chat?
If they scroll up a little bit, there's some real long juicy ones that they can really sink them
Oh, okay
Okay, uh, I'll grab another person because you're you're banned sir. You're out of here. You've sucked on too much mic milk
No
Yes, get get out of my face get right out of my face
Oh, my god. Okay. There's got to be someone more reasonable for me to talk to out here
Frankly these people are being oh my god. There's an alien approaching me. Yo
Oh
My name is
John Bronson here and I'm pretty
Here's my opinion. I'm pretty sure drake released his recent video as a teaser for a full Super Bowl commercial
Oh, okay
Why what makes you say that
Because he told me so personally, you know drake
Mm-hmm. That's right. How's he holding up after sort of the nude leaks and all the attention this week?
He's really sad
He's sad about the nude leaks. Yeah, he told me personally he said hey
Um alien man. Yes
He said I'm sad about those. Did you know that I got some nude leaked? Oh, and I said yes
And he said it's bringing me down me drake here in the six that sucks
Yeah, man
I mean it looked good. Everybody was complimenting the sides, but I can see how it's still a gross violation of privacy even if
sort of bigs you up
Oh, yeah, what the hell are you?
Mike juice
Straight my juice in a vape
I don't know the customs on your planet
On my plan. It's on my plan
What?
It's customary to offer
A stranger you meet on the street
Your mic juice, but the mic will stop working. We've already had enough tech issues. If you suck all the juice out of it
Let me give you some of my alien juice spinning in
Oh
Wow, you actually sound better than ever in my headphones that the blowing got so high fidelity there at the end that alien juice really does the trick
That's right. That is 100 percent
coranian
alien juice
All right. Well, thanks so much for talking with me. You're honestly way more reasonable than the baby
Um, so I appreciate it like I was the baby the whole time
You wouldn't believe it folks you wouldn't believe it
Mike the whole time
Mike juice good at baby belly
You're out. You're out, sir. Sir. You're out. You're out. No
I've got it this person. I got to find something more abstract that can't possibly be a baby
All right. Here's a giant talking bear. This thing can't be a baby
I'm not losing my mind and there's not a constant parade of babies attacking me
Excuse me talking bear. Do you have any
Yes
What you want to know
Um, yeah, and just any kind of thing you got going on in your mind. Maybe a longer opinion that you could picture as a chat
Oh, yeah, I think everyone should be allowed to shit wherever they please
Body gotta do what a body gotta do
Okay
Yeah
Yeah, it's my bear opinion
And your face is barely holding on to existing. I'm so sorry
That's all right, please
I just you know, I just think everybody ought to be able to take a shit when they please
Well, but won't that make the world a huge mess?
Oh
Let me consider that
Okay, but you need to oh, I'm a baby
Get out of here get the fuck out of here
Oh
Jesus christ folks. I'm so sorry. I see a lot of great opinions in chat and this baby is sabotaging every goddamn attempt I make to get to them
all right
You know what?
Um, let's talk to uh
Let's talk to talk to whatever the hell that now if that's not gonna work
Now that also won't that there's no way that'll work. Uh, okay. This guy looks
thoughtful
Um, um
Let's give him a shot. Excuse me sir. You look relatively normal
Yes
Hello, good sir. Hello. Do you have any thoughts on the news of the day? First of all, what's your name?
My name is Hogarth
Nice to meet you any thoughts on the events of the day? Maybe the news you've seen on your phone or on a screen
Well, same thing
My opinion regarding the state of the weather these days is pretty nuanced
You wouldn't really notice us, but I am a weatherman and global warming is fake
Um, do you know that as a weatherman? Okay. This is sort of a conservative talking point
Is widely disproven. What makes you what's your specific argument for why global warming is fake?
Well, if global warming is real then why am I always so chilly?
You might just have a cold disposition. You might run a little cold
I'm very I'm always so cold burr burr
It is a little cold today
Oh, it's so cold
And that I
How could that be possible if I have to wear two or three layers of socks?
Just to keep my little toes warm
You're rocking three layers. You have to go up a size and shoes just to support that
I wear nine underwears
Nine is that why your pants are so thick
Yes, it's and nine underwears 12 pants
Okay, I noticed you were really struggling to kind of waddle up here and now I get it
Yes, I
Water I must I'm forced to water because that's so I have so much layers on of clothing
All right, um one moment if you would of course just one moment. I'll be right back
Of course
Okay, well, um, I'm just gonna read some opinions that we might not get to
Someone's concerned with the lack of us supply of drones to strike our enemies
Perhaps we need to mass produce knife missiles that are capable of directly targeting individuals 50 plus knives from the sky
We could even have them produced by manufacturing company Raytheon food for thought finger food
We don't want to have to use knives for food
I I you know I caught probably could still find somebody out here with that opinion
It's it's sort of close to some of the opinions we've we also might we'll take what we're probably going to do one more of these
And then we might do one more experiment with um
alternate news anchors day
That's what case is telling and then and then maybe we'll
We'll release these alternate anchors for the day as apparently word is some of the previous anchors have been healed
And might actually be able to make it to work. I've never missed a day of work. You might have noticed
I've sort of never left the streets actually. It's kind of my deal
Can you imagine picture this?
This is what happening on the streets right now in front of me
A freaking plumber has shown up and is just cranking away on a bunch of tubes
And I'm just seeing that happen in front of me neither the one I talked to me. All right
Um, let me see who else we've got. I will do one more opinion for today
Um, and then we'll uh, we'll release all of these people from talking to me on the streets
Um
Oh my I see a lovely lady approaching. Uh, let's give them a shot
Excuse me miss. Um, do you mind talking to me?
Uh, my name happens to be
A trippy bee. Uh, how are you doing today?
Oh, they're coming up. They're coming right up this way. Oh, oops. Where are they? Excuse me
Oh and
We once again lost the
Why does this keep happening? Why do the heavens hate me? I don't understand
Why are they so cruel the old trippy bee
Uh, I'm gonna try to fix this live because I figured out how to do it last time. So
Um
Andy
Real my producer today is named Andy. We'll just say that that's to keep things
simple
I'm sending you the same link again basically but slightly different
If you quit your current one and join this maybe it will just work again for us
Okay
What are these mysteries?
Of the internet, why do they hate me? I don't understand
Uh, okay
It's brown water
Keep sending them cornhub links. I can't do that skimer. That'll get me in shadow
Okay, we're back in business folks. It's just that easy. It's just that seamless to be on the street
And this time surely it won't totally fuck me again. All right, excuse me
I do still see a beautiful woman approaching. Let's see how they're doing. Excuse me miss. Do you mind talking to me?
I'm trip bradstein. Oh, hello
Are you trip bradstein?
I am hello miss
Hello, my name is
a shishi
Boschian
Shishi Boschian
Boschian
Sorry, I don't speak. Um, what where are you from?
I'm from st. Louis
Oh meet me in st. Louis. Okay. Well, I'm pleasure to meet you miss shi shi
Do you have an opinion on any of the events of the day the news maybe that biden stuff from earlier? Maybe anything at all?
I have so many opinions. Thank you for
Giving me this opportunity to share them with you. I've been wanting to to share them with someone so many times
I my opinion
My opinion is that
Oh, let me I have I just have to scroll through my brain to think of them
Picture your brain like a screen a streaming chat and scroll way up in it and find an opinion
I can I have an opinion about
Our twin flame, which is our one and only soul mate
Can you have an yeah, I mean
A one and only soul mate. How do we find our twin flame?
You're looking for your twin flame
I am looking for my twin flame
It's the one who is
But my soul's perfect companion
Do you ever feel like you've gotten close? Have you ever felt like you're another before miss shishi?
I one time I
No, oh never
No, never
I've never even gotten close. What are you looking for in a partner?
What would you what do you think would be in the proximity of your soul mate?
on vibe wise
vibe wise
I am looking for someone with their
two legs firmly planted on the ground
And
on top of the two legs
full torso
And two full arms long arms, but if there are no arms, it's not the total dear breaker
And they ideally a head on top of it. Oh, it sounds like so many
You basically gave a basic description of a human just occasionally maybe one of slightly longer arms than average
I've never
Everyone makes it sound like that should be so easy to find but I have never once found it
Two legs two arms
A torso and a head
Altogether ideally
But I would take them in part
You take you just would take like a severed arm as a soulmate
It would be better than nothing
I just
Do you feel like maybe you're souring the pot a little bit?
Are you having trouble connecting with people because you've basically described any person and even body parts
This case it is easier for some than for others, you know
Just because it is so easy for I mean, sorry, what trip it is so easy for
It's fine. I'll relay the message, but I'm trip
But both you and case you trip and case it might be easy for you to find love to find someone who can
Feel your heart with joy and two legs two arms a torso and head
But it has been a fruitless search for me
Find me one just one
I mean, I'd love to how about any person out here? They all have appendages. They're all standing
Most of them are standing up meaning their feet are planted. I feel like they're meeting every metric
I'm looking around
I'm looking. I'm scanning
I'm very open to the possibilities
A lot of people know no one what's turning you off from them. What's what's what's making it a no
Um
Missing key components like what all have limbs
They all have limbs. Okay. You are okay a lot of limbs
The right number though
two and two
You're looking for extra limbs
No, two arms two legs. Yeah, look two and two even me. I've got two and I swear to God
Oh my god
Trip you have two arms two legs a torso and a head. I do
Look deep into my eyes
Look deep into my eyes
Oh my god, you have two eyes as well. That was just a bonus. I didn't need the two eyes
Is anyone told you you have a full body? Yes
You do
And you should be very proud of it
Can I ask you? Yeah, yeah, something
Can I can I have a little of your mic juice?
Wait a minute. No, that's so inappropriate. Oh my god. It was a baby in a wig
It was me the whole time. You freak. I can't you're a child
So many levels
Oh, I love your Mikey milk
Disgusting that's a disgusting thing to say to me
Good and baby belly
Think it's strong
I'm I'm disturbed
Apparently there was also just an earthquake out here. Did you feel that earthquake, baby?
Oh, yeah, baby, baby's tummy went rumble rumble. Oh flesh from the mic milk. You didn't feel anything
Hey
Okay, well, baby, you're you're man, sir. Mr. Baby, you're probably going to die in age and oh my god
What happened to your face just now? Oh, wow, I can't actually show that for some reason
Oh
I'd become a man. Oh, wait a minute. You became
No
Oh my god, this is deeply troubling
I don't know what I don't know what the hell I am man. I don't know what the hell I am
You're supposed to be milk, but the the software just can't even I'm gonna drink myself
Okay, well
Thanks for being here, but I'm gonna have to
All right, well, uh, sorry if we didn't get to any opinions today. Um that we're in the chat
It's just so you know, we're trying things out here and uh
And it's tricky to get it on line up
Maybe next time we'll try swapping these roles
I'll take a break and case can send out a new interviewer
To talk to people on the streets while I just try to take a nap in a bush
Maybe that's what we'll try next time. Although I do sincerely think uh all of our guests today. They were doing an incredible job
Uh, terrifying me and we'll see you all very soon. I'm trip. Brad. See don't worry. I'll never leave these streets
I'll be right back. They're probably on tuesday. Bye. Bye. Sorry that milk is uh, there you are on the milk. Oh
Did you see a milk case milk for a second? Sorry about that, Andy
There was kind of a cool milk guy for a second the minute I saw a very cool milk guy
Yeah, I'm glad you're back to normal. Um, so Andy
I I want to not make you have to sit here all day. There is one other segment. I like to throw it too
Which was the sub goal, but we'll just we'll we'll pretend this is something else and say we have crumb's brother today
We do a segment. Oh, yeah, crumb called and sick
Basically, all they do is debate whatever topic the chat wants crumb apparently is sick today
Um, but I do have his brother. I didn't even realize he had a brother. I don't know his name
Maybe you do but don't tell us yet
So we'll send it down there. I should warn you just as we're watching this it gets really contentious
The two usually absolutely fucking hate each other, but I don't know how crumb's brother will feel
I know I'm curious to find out. Yeah, both of us are so curious
Uh, so let's send it down there chat if you have any particular subject
You'd like to see to see debate it as usual throw it in the chat and munchin
Well, whoever this other guy is we'll figure it out. It's time for munching crumb or whoever
What a breath fresh air it is in here today
Oh my god, usually I'm so fucking disturbed and bothered by by all of these monsters and mutants that I have to see
But it is great to see something much closer to approximating a human in here today. Oh my god. What are you doing, sir?
Hello
Your crumbs your crumbs brother. I don't know. What's your name?
Your name is come
Come
See you guys
That's right. That's right. My name is calm
God damn munch. I believe I'm munch. Have you seen are you a fan of your brother? Let's get that out of the way first
Of course, we're incredibly close. Are you get along?
We do we agree on all everything
We're like
Frazier and Niles Crane
I have to let you know. I hate that reference and I hate that show
Mmm. Well, it's
A pretty funny show. I think most people would agree with that. So who has it ever been funny?
Well to enjoyers all from
Um
Great sitcom writing. I feel like there's one
Old man in like Pittsburgh who thinks that he's high society or something. He's the one person that laughs at that show
I'm not that old
How old are you?
Can't even 80 ish
Look, I don't want to get off to the wrong foot. I just I hate your brother
I hate all his opinions and I fucking hate Frazier. I can't believe it even came back. It's like they're punishing us
Well, I hate you. I hate I hate you and you're boorishness. You're a boor
Okay, I should have fucking known that the whole family's fucking poison against me. You're all the fucking sane
I mean, honestly, you somehow managed to look slightly better than crumb, but just barely
It's like he got plastic surgery and all they did was add some fucking plastic to his scalp
You a fake bitch
Well, I think my brother is beautiful. I love I think he's a handsome man
Like you're looking in a fun house mirror where they they set the fucking lighting to sunspot
Oh
Looking like albino mr. Clean
Well, I wait that's a I'll take that as a compliment
He's he's very muscular
And he wears an earring which is cool looking like Lex luther got addicted addicted to ozempic
Well ozempic is non-habit forming. I'll have you know
Well the the fucking habits formed and I wish a habit would come and execute you a bunch of nurses with gats would come and shoot you in the head
Sister act three kill your fucking
No
That's incredibly rude. Well, it's incredibly rude. I'm sorry. You are a guest. You're a guest that I'm getting off to a bad foot
We're off to the wrong start. I'll give you the benefit of the doubt. Maybe you're a better debater than your brother
come
Really your name your parents intentionally named you come
They intentionally named me come after where I came from where are you from?
Come well, we all are
They made you after human seed
It's nothing to be ashamed of it must really hurt to be uh named something named after a thing that you've never made happen
Now that's just accurate
Okay, well at least you fucking admit it. I mean I do respect the honesty
What's the origin of your name?
Munch. Well an ancient Assyrian king was chewing on his breakfast
I slapped the fucking food out of his mouth. I said munch on that bitch and then 10 000 years ago when I was born
Because I'm an immortal wizard. Um that ancient Assyrian king said you are king now and then I ruled
You're an immortal wizard. Yeah, you are an immortal wizard. You want me to believe?
Yeah
An immortal wizard would have that hair. Yeah, I got wizard hair. What do you want?
An ancient Assyrian king, which one?
Malthafet. All right fair enough
I'll never lie. I'm a font of truth and wisdom
You're a boner salad your cousin is named jizz salad. Well, that makes sense. Your name is boner salad
So that actually adds up. All right. Mesopotamia versus ancient Egypt
Lispy versus, well, okay, Lispy, Mclippy. Let's take a few options here and I'll let you pick what you want to debate come
But we're debating Mesopotamia versus ancient Egypt. Well, or best condiments of all time. What's your favorite condiment?
Mustard
Respectable, but as your favorite. I mean really you think mustard is better than ketchup
Easily better than ketchup. It's got no high fructose corn syrup in it. You know, how about this?
hats for shoes
As you can see, I'm not really much of a hat man
You should be
That's it's like, uh, having a fucking giant gash across your eye not wearing an eyepatch
Well, that's actually they shouldn't be made aware where I patch is probably trying to think of an example
I'm just saying if I had your head, I would basically I'd put myself in an iron mask if I looked like you
Well, that would only be a
That would be just a hindrance to you. I mean again, if I looked like you there's no way I would have survived this long
I would have long ago fucking cast myself off a cliff like a spartan baby born malformed
I would have done it myself everyone who's tried to throw me off of a cliff
Has lost their grip. That's happened to me many times people have tried to abort me
Spartans
When I visited Greece Spartans did try to throw me off the baby cliff
You found Spartans currently in Greece. How'd you even manage?
They threw my ass off the cliff. I went to deliver a message from persia
You fucking you got spartaned
In my in Greece. I offered to the to um
Xerxes the great I said sure I'll let the Greeks know
You're upset with them
And I you know that they should bow to the great might of the Persian empire and they tried to immediately throw me off the baby cliff
But here's the thing so many baby skulls down there. It was really
Padded my fall all the little baby skulls. They're very soft
Yeah, you know, they probably got confused with your soft ass fucking skull
You fucking I have you could you could replace one of those bouncy castles with your fucking head
Just rent that out to kids birthday parties with your soft fucking skull
Well, I have earned quite a bit of extra money that way
That's can't be a thing. I was trying to insult you that cannot be a thing. You've really done
It's no insult to make an extra, you know
50 bones
Making some children happy
I'm gonna give you a couple more options for debates because all right what you're saying is too crazy for me to handle
All right
All right, um zack snider first joss
I don't know if that's the strong one for you
Up versus down
Oh
down
Easily down
Mm-hmm
What why why down? Well, okay fine. Let's do that up versus down because that's insane. Everybody knows up is superior
Up is superior to down. Absolutely everyone's trying since when because everybody's trying to go up. Who's trying to go down?
I'm trying to dick down. If you know what I'm talking about
I'm fucking dick above my weight class and my weight class is the highest possible
I'm dick you whoever asked somebody do they want to get dicked up or dick down
Oh, you don't fucking understand a goddamn thing in this world very clearly if we don't okay, and we're fucking going
Bring it on you go first
Go ahead and fucking sign up for your own funeral quick. Why do you think down is better?
Down to superior gravity is god's will
Gravity instructs us how
The forces of nature
Demand that all things
Descend descend to the center. You might briefly go up, but eventually
You will succumb to the ultimate will
Which is to bring the all things down to the same place
You know, it's a relief to hear someone's finally sound like the actual demon that they are
You're related to a poison bloodline and you are literally trying to put banish us all to hell
Chat I see that you're voting for this person and I suspect it's just to be polite
But what he's saying is literally demonic. You know, you want to go up
Everybody wants to be on the come up who the fuck wants to be on the come down think of a good movie named down
What that doesn't exist, but up is a classic film the fact that you pop is a classic film
Hope is a classic fucking Pixar movie
Oh my god, you piece of shit
What's a movie named down?
um
Down me detergent
That's a fucking detergent
Yeah
Black Hawk down black Hawk down, but that's it's black Hawk down. Oh, yeah happening to the helicopter
But it's a great film, but the direction sucks. You want to go up
It defiance of gravity human will try a thing over the forces of nature
You all are succumbing to weakness. Don't let this man poison your mind
Down a
Is the best way to roll on a hill you ever rolled up a hill
That case never slid it up a hill
I bet I could I bet I could win a willpower. I could force my way up a hill on a sled
I don't care how slidy it is. Don't do this to me chat
And when you're doing yoga do you do upward dog?
Why do my music stop?
Apparently the pole is still going. I I could I could do I could invent my own yoga position easily
Go do it
Okay, I'm doing it right now. It's actually just called um, uh sitting while flexing which I'm doing my abs are rippling right now
Hmm. They are rippling. I can see them rippling
Wow, they're moving a lot
I just I'm real quick gonna check how long this pole is
Just give me one second here. Not that I care what you think come
Not that I need your fucking not that I need your fucking approval on anything
Mr. Cut. That is my name. I just don't like how you say it. Yeah, of course you don't all you are
And god damn it
Yes, the people have spoken
Well at least you're not fucking crumb, so we don't have to hear this fucking song god damn it
I'm just talking out. No, this is all going in the talking. What? Well, we don't need to listen to the whole thing
Watch honestly, what's going on with chat? Do we need to have a talk?
How can you how can look at what you're supporting right now? Oh, yes
Am I in fucking invasion of the body snatchers has everyone been taken over by fucking alien cum
You've burdened me with that's right
action science all he'd I really hoped that maybe he was that
Crumb was some kind of individual mistake
And that there was nothing like him in the world and it is so disappointing to meet his fucking carbon
Copy except the carbon somehow is even more fucking diluted and damaged than the original
God don't make no mistakes. He made at least fucking two by my count
I'm not even close
Just the bridge
Do we have to listen to this whole fucking song me until we have to listen to the entire love my brother's voice?
I love hearing him rap
This is just him. He didn't even okay. It's not even worth getting
Not even worth getting into
I hope you feel proud of yourself. I hope you feel proud of yourself for losing
You know you lost but you know you got the sympathy vote
The people have spoken
And it's down with munch
The people are feeling sick today. Everybody called in sick. Apparently all the reasonable viewers called in extra sick
And not the good factor on my side
Which factor that be
The fact that that y'all bet you're agreeing that's two inches is the natural average
That's probably the kind of agreement you're on
That was Joe Biden. Yeah, I'm saying you'll agree with him because you're dick. I'm trying to say your dick is small
We I do agree with Joe Biden
About what?
My dick is small
God damn it. You're not allowed to be comfortable with that. You're supposed to be hurt
Ah
I'm calm
I'm calm. I I love myself
You see what I did at the end there. We were arguing. I think I nailed that out. Oh
Yeah, okay. Yeah, well, you're confident. I'll give you that you're confident and I respect that
Thank you, but you should be confident that you're not worthy of love
Actually, I am trying to sort of break you down and convince you that you have that you should not have a self-respect
Is the thing that I do try to do action?
Well, I I see your attempt and what I'll say to you is
excellent debate
I think you did make some great points in ups favor
I think you you argued passionately and um
And uh, uh, you definitely have a way with words
And you should be proud of that
Well, shit, man. I mean
look this show gets real contentious and
Sometimes I wonder if people might think I just don't agree with anybody but listen, you're a guest here
I appreciate you coming down. So let me return the favor and say
You ain't fucking shit
You have to be honest with you. Let you know that you had no fucking points
Um, the only you wish you had a fucking point, but you're fucking a round ass ugly ass head
Is as smooth as fucking eggs you fucking goopy ass
Brain dead bitch never come on my show again
There's a band on all of your entire fucking family if crump shows is ugly fucking crump face around
I'll say come back again. Go fuck your stupid ass brother and his dumb ass fake ass bitch ass name
I hope you die
All right, this is his show too, right?
It is unfortunately also his show. That's true
Okay, well
I might have gone. I do appreciate you coming on actually. I don't respect you. I don't think you're good
The things are said about me. I don't feel that way about you
You don't respect me. I don't I fundamentally don't you don't think I debated well
I think you I think I think you got pure sympathy. I think you should be ashamed of yourself and um
And I don't I don't think you'll I don't think anyone in your family is capable of growth
I think you're stuck like this
Sometimes I am
Yeah, I'm a sore loser. I'm fucking sore from how fucking I'm fucking sore like a bodybuilder because my muscles are constantly growing
That's how I'm a sore loser
Call me a sore. I do see you. I've never been sore
But a fucking dinosaur maybe
are
Okay, you did
I'll go ahead. You can go ahead. Well somebody update the score
We'll give you
We'll give your brother a fucking point. I guess
There we go. I guess we'll count you as fucking cum because he sorry crumb. His name should be fucking cum
Even though it would ruin it you're ruining coming from i'm
How do you think you say for yourself?
I was wondering if I could uh, if it's cool if I take some of the
craft service snacks home with me
Those are really old man. We haven't changed those. Those are nutrient bars from like two years ago
That's all right
I don't know if those expire, but
You can freshen them up in the microwave if you put them in the microwave with a little bit of water
They're watering your nutrient bars
mm-hmm
You can sort of steam them back up
You I cannot believe if they're a little dry you can steam them back up in the microwave
Just put in a little a cup of water and a nutrient bar in the microwave
then you don't have to
Doesn't go to waste
All right, that's gonna be all the time we have for today. Thank you all so much for watching. It's a dark day for everybody
Uh, people are sick
But we're happy about that because because crumb is sick, but I don't get state
Stop slurping my shoulder juice
Don't slurp my shoulder juice
Yeah
It was a great debate
Uh, it's not me. Sorry. There's a vision. There's some visual distortion going on. Everything is actually very normal right now
Wow
Wow
Uh, let's uh check in with Andy before we let him go. I think Andy probably has things to do with his day if I had to guess
I don't want to make him stay all day
Although, of course, you're welcome to
Uh, oh
Oh, it's me crumb a come
Come on. Thanks for coming. I I meant to get you just had a debate
Thanks for coming up come
I thought you did great and I appreciate you coming in on such short notice
Sorry, and I don't mean to no pun intended. I'm sure that happens to you a lot
Ha ha ha no, it's hilarious to me every time. Oh good
I feel similarly about when people make a pun out of the name case
It seems easy, but it actually happens less than you'd think and I and I don't mind when it does
Is that the case?
Okay, I see what you did there come
You're coming you're coming for me. Ha ha ha
I would I am. Yeah, sure. Okay. Well, let's bring Andy back. Thanks again come
Goodbye
Uh, Andy, um, thanks for doing this man. I appreciate it
You know what sometimes you'd hit the panic button when everybody you work with calls in sick, but it's great to get to work with you
Great to work with you case. Thank you so much for having me on man. Yeah, of course
Um, it's been a blast anytime you want
I will kick everybody else off of this goddamn show and you can do every role that you'd like
Or you can be the lead anchor and you can meet all the other people
Wow, I would love that. I would love that
Okay, maybe we'll try that next time. I'll be I'll be back. I gotta say I love it
The milk here is the mic milk is incredible. You drink the mic milk, too
Wait a minute
I pretended to be Andy. Wow the whole time baby
I was a baby
Okay
Well, respect. I mean, I don't get mad like like the rest of those weirdos
Mm-hmm
All right, thanks again, Andy. We'll talk to you soon and uh, sincerely to appreciate it
Bye bye, Andy
Wow, wow, wow
What?
A day to be alive
Let's send it back to the well. I'm in the studio actually let me just scoot over a little bit
There we go. I scooted really fast
Whoo. All right
Wow
What a crazy
What a crazy day
Let me just fix a few things in the studio that have lightly broken while Andy's been here
Just a couple things that got smashed slightly to bits
Doot-doot-doot-doot-doot-doot-doot
Uh, okay, that's great
Not working though
One second everybody
We do have to do a conspiracy time before we get out of here for the day
Saw that pop up in chat
um
Let me just see
Uh, little Tommy. Are you there?
Yeah
Are you trying to mirror me right now little Tommy?
Oh my god, things are getting crazy in here
Things are getting a little crazy in here
What?
I'm really orange right now. He could be a second
So will we orange? I'm coming to the studio this second. I'm in the studio now
I feel will we orange? I'm in the studio
Well, we could fix some stuff real quick
Okay
Shoot
Now i'm queen
That just is really embarrassing for you case
We're back to normal or we're back to double a top story old man was here with uh
What's that?
Okay, well, thanks a little Tommy, but let's
I said about you can leave you can okay
There we go return to normality
Let's send it to clementine and then we might get out of here for the day. Thanks again to andy for uh filling in on set short notice for literally everybody
Uh incredible work from my from my good friend andy consider following him at andy a s wait andy bolduck
Andy bol duc i think if you just search that on social media
On whatever social media you should be able to find him
Oh, and he's also been working with me and my friend bill on some non-stream content that we've been dropping occasionally
Which eventually might sort of become a little youtube thing that we're planning to do to get it
Using the power of remote connections
Okay
Thank you so much live and sleazy yes at andy bolduck on a bunch of socials. I'm not sure what his tiktok is but you know
It's some it's one of them
It's something
All right, let's uh
Send it down to clementine before we get out of here for the day
Um, and maybe we'll do one other thing. We'll see what we have time for
At some point we'll have to meet crumb's cousin, but that's in the future when that sub goal is met today. We met his brother
Fantastic
All right. Oh also, uh looks like
Greener sam you requested the conspiracy time. Sorry to do it 50 minutes later
But if you had a particular conspiracy you wanted to see covered, let me know
I'm sure clementine. I'll be happy to do it. It's time for the unvernished
true
What the I was going on here
God damn it one second. I'm in a totally what I had. Wait a minute. I'm in a totally green space
Something is wrong with the world
What's happening to me
Oh no
Wait a minute. I need to get the government off my back really quick. I've been surrounded by a green miasma
Give me just a minute. Oh my god. How do I escape this terrible fate?
It's not working. Nothing is working. Oh my god
Wow, I'm stuck in here still
What's happened to the world? Wait, that's not good either
Oh, no, what do I do with myself today?
Shoot, I actually don't really know how to fix this folks
I seem to be actually trapped and that's no good for me. We're gonna be what let me try one of the thing real quick
All right, we're back in business, though
We're back in business
Sorry about that everyone
I was clearly taken over by
unseen dark forces
That are threatening me threatening my life threatening my very existence as usual
Wait, what's what's behind me?
There's literally nothing behind me. I checked directly over my right shoulder
But I have a very good view of I'd say 95 percent of my flat and everything seems fine to me
So I say just move on
Um, all right, mr. Sam. Do he have a particular conspiracy that he wasn't covered? I'm not seeing it
So I think it might be sort of gila's choice. Did anybody having any conspiracy they'd like to see covered today?
I can turn left. I just toes not to and that's not a comment on what political affiliation actually am unaffiliate politically
I believe that politics is just another dark force of the powers that be to control your mind and that in a depoliticized
Universe were actually more free and more political in a sense because we're capable of taking action now
We aren't defining as some sort of unseen abstract concept of society
Anyway, if we don't think they want to see me debate today, uh, throw it in the in in the chat
and I
And I can turn left
I'm not I'm not good. I'm not some fucking zoo lander joke. I swear to god
Do we investigate being trapped in a green room?
Let me trap that. Let me type that into youtube and just see
Trapped in a green room
What does it mean?
Escape the green room
Escape the green room
Seems to be a challenge
She woke up on a bend in the wall in the middle of the ocean
Oh, what am I even looking at? All right, let's check this out. Welcome back to fox recaps
Today, I'm going to explain the short movie curve released in the year 2021
What's this at the beginning of the movie?
We're shown a clip of a woman lying unconscious somewhere on the concrete floor
Where she has a bloodied finger and her shoes are red and dried blood
No, still she seems to be fairly uninjured considering her situation. All right
Simultaneously, we're shown the clips of high waves crashing to the shore
Huh the crash makes a terrifying roaring noise that echoes through the place the woman is in
Where is she at?
She's missing a leg
What?
Her left leg is folded under her body with no way to bring it out
When the woman first sees the edge she freaks out as she's sliding though
She tries to retreat however the movement does nothing but slide her further below
Further down the curve. She doesn't fall off just yet, but it is pretty obvious that it's only a matter of time
The slide makes her left leg move upwards hurting her greatly
Here's the thing. I can't tell if this is a documentary or not
It's confusing me and
I'm starting to suspect
That this isn't the original film this is based on it's on a channel called fox recaps and I'm starting to wonder why
Wait a minute
did this guy
just sort of
take
someone else's content
And add in like basically an AI voiceover explaining the most obvious aspects the plot
Just to capitalize without doing any work
and
Did that strategy completely work and now he's got seven million views on someone else's short film
Which was already a short film?
Let's see how long the original is
the curve
All right the original the original film
to be clear
It's only nine minutes 50 seconds. He only cut out two minutes of footage
from the original curve
I didn't realize this was even possible
Who would just watch someone else's video and are adding barely any commentary to it and pass it off as their own thing
Let's support the original curve by watching the last two minutes of it
Spoiler alert. I'm going to spoil the last two minutes, but the other seven minutes is good to go
so let's
Also, I'd like to point out that foxy's recap
Has seven million views and the original film has seven point two
So actually it's all fair because they have about the same view
So no damage done and let's let's completely spoil this movie right now for ourselves and just watch the very end of it
I'd also like to point out that my computer is really struggling
But we have opened a few too many resources today and it doesn't know what to do
But let's see if we can watch this
Wait a minute her hands bloody is shit. What's happened?
Did she fall straight down the curve?
It started raining
I have no context if only someone would recap this for me in a format that speeds it up by 0.9 percent
She made it further up the curve
No, not further down the curve
She's having a bad day and we've all been there. I was trapped in green space area
But would she be all right?
All right, it's can't this can't be helping. All right, she's slightly unsettling
She didn't make it
She fell down the curve
And that's disappointing
I really I thought she could do it
Wow, what even was the curve?
How are you gonna call a movie the curve?
and not even
Tell us what the curve is
That's like calling a movie up
But we really spend the whole time going down. She's twisted on a level. That's really hard to even comprehend
All right, well shout outs to that movie that we just watched two minutes of completely ripping it off
But i'm hoping that maybe now that i've sort of stolen that content. I'll get seven million views
I don't quite get how that works
But I basically played something that offered essentially no value
outside of playing it
and um
It seems that that gets you views. So
I'll double check a little later. I'll just assume I'll probably have about seven million views on
Whatever whatever channel I check on now that I've done that
And that's not a conspiracy. It's not even a theory
A youtube theory. That's just a fact of life
Beautiful. Well, anyway, that was the film curve by short of the week
It was written and directed by tim egan honestly looks pretty good
We just spoiled the ending a little bit spoiler alert
As is the case in life
the curve wins
you might think
that being
A specific angle could be perhaps traveling in straight lines well spoiler alert
There's no escaping the curve
It's coming for you
It's hard to to guess the direction it's coming from because it is in fact
It's curving
And that's the scariest fact of all
All right. Well
Was that a conspiracy? Yes
Did I cover it fully? I'd say I did I said covered that perfectly
And I'd say that's all in a day's work for me because while most people struggle with this concept
I've actually known all along that the truth
It's not out there
It's not over there specifically
It's not even like here or here
It's actually right there
Which is it's me the truth is right. It's right here. This is what I'm getting at. All right. I'll see you later. Whoa
We're doing it folks stream has been real
I guess I haven't even been streaming for two hours yet though
So we can do a little bit more. I'll do a little bit more
Let's watch a couple trailers before we get out of here for the day
There's so many trailers out there only watching three a week
You barely even begin to scratch the surface of trailers
So let's send it
Uh down to trawler town
Maybe I should rename this segment that trawler town. Um, it's time for trend at the movies
Hell yes, um
Chris, how you doing man?
What you actually care? I was just sort of curious if
Functionally you're working
It's a weird thing to say young blood. I mean, why wouldn't I be just curious? I'm fine. I'm doing great feel great
All right. Well, that's good to know. Uh, good to see everybody today. Um
It's not trawler thursday. It's
Browler friday
Young blood. You don't have to make everything alliteration. It's just a Friday and we're watching we're watching trailers
Uh, or maybe what was it? What a case called it?
Trawler town? No, I refuse to be trawler town. This is fucking trend at the movies
Friday features see travis found it you couldn't fucking find it chris because you gave up
I just I just don't agree that you need to
Alliterate everything you do it makes how you do titling
all of the best things if are alliterated like, um
Bogo sales that's not alliteration. That's an acronym. That's fun to say
I think that's what you're describing is alliteration
Can we just not debate the debate stuff already happened? Can we not debate basic concepts where you're clearly wrong?
I that's not what's happening and I don't appreciate you saying that
Look, there's trailers to watch for instance. Did you know
That there's been
A late there was once a late night show but with the devil
Did you know that I didn't I was unaware of that particular
Thing what you're saying? Well, there was and it and so it is
Oh, wait, I see what's happening here. Are you more normal now? Well, I've been normal. Okay. Now you're now you're totally normal
All right, uh, let's uh watch this. It's the late night. But what if the late night was the devil?
Let's find out on halloween night 1977
america gathered around
For a live tv event that shocked the nation
What happened was real
What you were about to see is the recently discovered master tape of what went to air that night
Night with the devil
Damn
Dude, people always say karson was like the greatest but I mean watching these clips, dude. I don't know man
like
Maybe not dude. That's not
Young blood. I just don't want to get into it with you like this today. That's clearly not johnny karson
I don't fucking know dude. I'm you expect me to know who johnny car. I just know the name. I've never seen the show
It's not on the air anymore
It's a different that's a movie. It's a high concept film looks good. I agree. It looks good
I'm just saying has a late night show
Something to chill out to like fall to bed too. I don't know if that would be sort of my scene
Yep. Yeah, exactly. All right, let's um
Quiet on the set the dark side of kids t. Oh, no
Am I about to spoil all of my favorite classic shows?
Like zackery and codi and the the the wizards of what of wizardly place
The wizards of wizardly place
Yeah, I used to watch knock a lotion as a kid. What?
Uh, my parents didn't have cable when I was real little
They had zable
That's not
It's it's like cable, but it's cheaper. It's called zable
My dad wasn't always that successful. So he had zable for a while
They should bring zable back for gen z. It's sort of like lower rent versions of your favorite shows
Like the wizards of wizardly place
and zackery and codi
I think maybe you just had a fever dream young, but no, this is the thing I watch
Well, anyway, I doubt that's about this. Oh, thank god. Leave the memories alone
Anyway, let's see what else is going on in the world to kid children's entertainment. Hopefully this is about a bunch of shows
I don't give a shit about. All right, let's see
In the early 90s nick loading was kid everything and you better hope that your house had cable
Wasn't there to educate you. We were there to have fun to get slugged to be entertained
And this is when dan schneider arrives nick loading's golden boy
He created these shows that were hugely successful for them
No one had ever really done sketch comedy starring kids for kids
He launched the careers of child actors who became major stars
For 20 years he shaped children's entertainment and culture
But that marked one of the darkest chapters
Working for dan was like being in an abusive relationship
Dan's treatment of people on your shows was an open secret
So my lawyer filed complaints gender discrimination
Also work environment harassment and it was so devastating
How safe can any kids be in that environment?
There would be even bigger problems down the line with actual pedophiles on set
These are three predators who worked at nickelodeon all in a short amount of time
Oh my god, what are you for you? It was a toxic environment. It made me trust people
We were there for so many hours you get comfortable with people
Until you're not I had no idea what I was saving my son from
It's a house of horrors. They find this enormous trove of child pornography
The officer said we found ziploc bags each one with a girl's name on it
11 charges of child sexual abuse related to a child actor
It made me wonder who was being hurt
I've been waiting 17 years for today
It wasn't dealing with anybody on the shows or anything, right? It was a child actor
On one of our shows? Yes
Have you ever told your story publicly before?
I don't know if I love teasing like
The salacious mystery of which child on our set was assaulted as a way to get you to watch a thing
Yeah, that felt kind of gross at the end there. I mean, you know tv spectacle and sort of
Revealing in the jitrious of human experience is always a little bit of questionable sort of thing
But at the same time these stories are worth telling
Yeah, but I don't know something about like setting up like it's a murder mystery
Which of your favorite kids was fondled as it feels a little bad to me
That did feel a little bad to me as well young blood. We are in agreement there
I will say it is wild seeing pictures of this dan schneider guy
It's just sort of walking around
It's I don't know. I don't want to like stereotype too hard
But it sort of feels to me like when
In like a little red riding hood when the wolf is just wearing the glasses and the bonnet
And you're like dude, that's clearly a wolf. Why isn't she noticing this sort of that but for pedophiles?
It's like dude, that's a pedophile like whoa, what's he that's so clearly one
Just the vibe is out a thousand percent
If you know if it looks like a duck it cracks like a duck
I get that's not how it's supposed to work with humans
But dude, I don't know if I've ever seen someone that screams pedophile to me harder than this guy
It is an unfortunate
bias confirmation that this man
Looks like
Just sort of the drawing you would make
Just from assumptions of a pedophile, but again that the basic point you're making making is in fact kind of bad
It is the hair. He's got the beaver hair, but over kind of like a
Like an illinois governor's body
You know
Yes
Yeah, he does he does sort of look like an ill certain
A certain illinois governor that we won't mention for
For slanderous names. Also. Why do you know who I'm just saying any illinois governor?
I thought you meant he looks like j.b. Pritzker. I don't know who that is
I just saying if I picture an illinois governor and looks like that
I don't know who j.b. Pritzker
Anyway, uh, well that sucks that that happened um and
Yeah, I have mixed feelings about the documentary, but hey
Stories like that being told again. Uh, it is worthwhile
There's a knuckles series. What the fuck knuckles from fucking sonic. Oh, shit. My mode's about to be lifted
You're a big knuckles fan. He's like sonic put like picture this dude
What if sonic had even more fucking attitude?
That sounds dangerous. Sonic's already got so much
Dude, but let like fucking follow me here. What is sonic was fucking even a more wild color than blue that could only be red
Exactly and
Even more fucking attitude, but also in a weird way more of a sense of responsibility a pure enigma
All right, I am intrigued. All right, and now with that in mind. Here's the fucking knuckles series
You're an alien
You're super powerful
You recently saved the world with your friends
What do you like to do for fun?
vengeance
I was thinking more like reading or or yoga
Hey, buddy, isn't it great to finally relax? I am an echidna warrior
I only remain on earth because I made about you and the fox
So I made myself at home
Nope, we are not turning our living room into some kind of gladiator fighting pit. What is Ozzy doing here?
He will be challenging his greatest enemy
This is not a place of battle so I will begin my quest
Come weed. Most people think i'm a joke. I do not make jokes
I make warriors
Oh, let's go get him
Knuckles without his little friends. He's vulnerable
He's the key to our my newest creation. That's that guy. You've worked for robotics
Bring me knuckles
Sorry, this lane is reserved. You think you can take my power
Do I look like I need your power? What are you talking about? Of course we need his power. It's the whole reason we're here
Was that king cutty?
I made a promise
To protect this planet. I am
Ready
Someone's about to get slapped. I think today is gonna be a beautiful day
You gonna rescue him? No, he must learn to rescue himself
Oh
Dude paramount plus strikes again with another certified fucking banger
You like that dude knuckles was fucking on point, dude
He sounds like fucking idris elba one of the greatest djs and actors of all time. No, that was idris elba
Oh my god, are you kidding me?
And they got that guy from the comedy shows that i've sort of
remember
um, yeah the
The comedy guy, yeah
Everybody knows that guy the
Who's in the one about happy endings?
yep
Dude i'm fucking signed up for that. It didn't look a little
Basic and stupid to you
Your only basic and stupid thing I see is you staying stuff like that with respect
Why is this with respect with respect what you just said is basic and stupid like you
As long as it's with respect you i'm done with respect
Yes adam adam pale around or whatever
Yeah, I mean I like him. I think he's
I think he's in that show he was in the show
And also maybe kid cutty or a guy who looks like him and maybe i'm being slightly racist
I don't you could just look it up. I don't want to
All right
Anyway, um, so you really like that the animation doesn't just
For some reason while i was watching that I was I was thinking of mary poppins. Oh, of course you work because you're fucking a zombie
I just was like
How did mary poppins combining animation with with actors look better to me than this?
which just feels like
So cold and empty in a way that's deeply unsettling like
Knuckles is a visitor from another plane of existence and there's just no interactions
totally manufactured
This reminds me of like a nightmare
That's what you were thinking during that
I mean, yeah, dude, you need therapy with respect. Well, fuck it's with respect
I mean he was fucking knuckles, dude. He's just fucking he's got attitude and like he's having fun with the guy from happy endings adam pale world and
Get on get on our level dude like learn to love again
Damn, I guess maybe I have closed my heart on food
and maybe like the thing to pry to pry it open is like
Is a little bit is a little bit of love but with attitude and maybe that's what I've been supplying all along
Is this the last episode of this show?
Are you saying this has all been a test for me? Dude? No, I'm fucking doing trailers
Dude, you need to check it. You need to like get on top of however you're feeling
Oh, okay. All right. Anyway, that's like fucking all the time we have. Um, sorry that got fucking weird because it's somebody
We'll see y'all later. Have a beautiful weekend
Uh
I live for the weekend, but I also happen to live for every other fucking day of the week
I'm sort of on a non-stop like win rate, you know what I mean
But like I'm excited that it's the weekend too like no disrespect to the weekend
And like you buff could fucking been here because like you know what it is and I'm trying I'll see y'all
What the hell?
Chris, what did you do, man? Are we on late night with the devil?
What just happened?
Okay, now we'll see you next time. Bye
We did it y'all that's a stream right there
Okay, uh guys thanks for checking us out today mid-afternoon with the devil. Yeah
Late afternoon on the east coast
Hey, I've sort of figuring out how to remote people into this stream
We'll keep experimenting probably with that
Maybe eventually I can have all sorts of guests and it won't be a headache for everyone requiring an hour of tinkering with
ndi legs
We'll see if we ever get there. Okay, everybody. I'm gonna find somebody to raid. Thanks again for watching
Thanks for all of the endless support. I sincerely appreciate it
Um, ooh, you know, I haven't rated in a while
Good old Adam Cole
I'm sure every time I rate him. He's like, ooh
But I'm a fan. I can't deny it. I got a I got a slarmjarm for life
It's a slarmjarm raid the chugs
Bay Bay
Oh, you know, I should really start doing this before I raid people make sure they're not in the middle of some like
Heartfelt message, but I can't because the ads pop up every time
Yeah, we'll see you monday. We'll probably be back in the backyard. Uh this coming monday
And until then
Have a great weekend the raid
Should have been created
Yes, it has. Okay. Are you getting slarmjarms as a sponsor?
First I have to start making slarmjarms not get sued
Uh, then make it a multi-million dollar company then sponsor wwe then we're in baby and then then it's slarmjarms for real
That case is brother. Good to see you. Not my brother. Who's my brother have a great weekend as well
Um, fuck. I need to I've been trying to well, I'll call you tell you later
But that just reminded me of a certain computer purchase that I've been meaning to make for weeks
Okay, everybody, uh raid message slarmjarms. It's a slarmjarm raid. Just a slarmjarm raid
Just uh, you know permanently kind of uh remind adam culvert. Yes, you did the slarmjarm sketch
It will haunt you forever. Ha ha ha
All right guys, we'll see you uh monday until then. Have a great weekend. Um, and uh, thanks to arity. Bye. Bye everybody