I'm Papita, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Hello everybody!
We're back!
It feels like the first time I see myself in the day is when I fire up this stream!
Good to see everyone!
CV loves you Uncle Phil, Greg T.U.
Can of beans!
Good to see you, Uncle Phil 2K, Apple to Apple, Propaganda, Mighty, Oz, Skymer, Sinister, Dev,
Oh my gosh, others!
How to!
I wanted to get the kitchen ready but I think we're gonna have to do it tomorrow.
But we can do a how to anyway.
Kick it straight to Jeb after whatever we talk about first.
Hello Total CFH!
Getting texts?
What a day.
I am talking to you, can of beans.
The news is live and at you!
So quiet Papita!
Papita's being quiet today.
I'll turn him up a little bit.
Um...
Wait, was there a... Oh my god!
Yeah that's cheese.
I feel like we're missing some sounds today.
Oh I muted, because I muted that.
Why would I ever mute this song?
Oh my god!
We're off to the usual start.
It's beautiful!
It's good to see everybody.
It's good to see all of these unnecessary graphics.
You know I added some unnecessary graphics before the stream today.
We'll see if we get to them.
They're hidden in various segments.
Really just two.
You've summed the hype train so hard Uncle Phil 2K.
And I'm sure he really appreciates it.
That's good, that's good.
Excellent work on the Phil 2K.
Now you're just not even alive for 70 years.
That's a little ambitious hype train.
That's... at all.
Good work everyone, you've done it!
You've never had your day tonight.
Oh the Panther can do better.
We're in line right now.
Since when?
Since now.
You've seen the Panther a bunch of times.
First site for me to end.
Basically, first site.
I can't really call that animal abuse.
Well, can I?
You're a train. I don't know if trains...
I don't get how that works.
How that works.
What? It's live.
Do you think all these subs pouring in?
Yeah, give me a panther in the app.
What?
Fortunately that probably is a thing.
I probably can type in Panther Trapbeat and get it.
You know who constantly pissed on the bed?
The hype train?
I believe it.
Bass to rap, Panther.
You're getting all bit it up.
The Pito's getting fricking lit up.
Right up the gate here.
This is nuts.
Your song's about to end and then I'll play your Panther beat.
Yeah, I might have to solve my problems.
Maybe I'm wrong. I actually don't know how long this is.
Oh yeah, I'm asking about you right here.
You seem like you're the same size.
You're the same size.
I'm still a little bit bigger than you are.
I'm single, single, single level.
Every single little level?
Look at this Panther song.
Oh, yeah, there it is.
Look at this Panther. He's shaking.
This Panther doesn't know how to handle all the trap beats that are coming in.
I know how to handle the trap beats.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Yeah.
This beat is really building up a lot.
It's building up a lot.
Oh, oh.
Raspin girl, Raspin girl.
Sixty months, dropped him to my world.
Woo, woo, woo.
I got this ZZZ, this 20 months easily.
Baby, slow max, slow max.
I'm sleeping on this ample, ample mix.
We're smoking up an easy leather gun.
Under base, jasmin.
Jasmin.
Detting me, detting me.
Under base, in the pool.
Let's swim in fucking bubble.
Burnt, too cold.
You can't even notice my girl's cover.
Under base, nothing like your model.
Woo, woo.
What it do?
Do you like to see a shadow come through?
Let's sing.
Change the game.
Awesome, what's your shadow?
I'm not gonna say.
Shadowing, I'll never matter.
Going super saying like I'm playing.
Playing a little battle, jasmin.
I'm playing for the mother of the...
It's nasty.
It's nasty.
Thanks so much for all the subs and bits.
This hype train's trying to get them in, but
its priority is sometimes rapping.
It's always fucking Raspin.
I never fucking care.
Always have slow maxing.
I got this cover with double-heated alcohol.
It's easy weed and a honey.
That's a lot of honey.
Stuck in up the honey is like I'm saying to a man.
But I never saw the baby I'm here.
What?
Snotting like a pig like a pig.
Now I'm the terrorist dog.
I'm a son.
Fan, sir.
So when you moved, I said to man,
sir.
Who else is gonna move?
Sir, man.
Then you move like I'm moving my cans.
I got a seat in the seat.
Let you sit here right here.
That's my seat.
I scheduled this man.
I asked for my name.
And I picked out two 7-H.
All right.
7-H.
Everyone in that room is sitting in my seat.
I'm a train.
I have to go down the ways in the fear.
How do you look at the screen?
I have to pull up the mirror.
Next to me, this angle.
So the screen is clear.
I see the movie.
But in reverse, my anchors are aeronaves.
Dynamics.
What? What?
Mirror image is how I watch a film.
I have to set the long ways across the entire world.
That's how it goes.
That's how it works.
If you only were train makers, you would have fucking known.
No, not twitches on this level.
This level?
That's true. The train is maximum limit.
I actually think you're only level 3.
Level 3.
Look at me.
Something really gotta sit out of seats.
A movie without a song?
Guess what?
Movie butt.
I scheduled a private screening of the movie butt.
I bought specifically a road stage.
And then I invited other people.
And then I scheduled their seats just for each.
And then I gave it to them because I said the other one.
But it was all prank.
Okay, hype train.
That's my tail for the day.
This is kind of a prank.
I'm not gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
This is convoluted, man.
So Bricksy said I would like to offer the hype train in cabinet position as head of transportation.
A large part of my retirement platform will be making America trains again.
What are you doing?
I wouldn't trust that Biden.
Trust that.
The real one is debatably president.
He's the president.
I don't know.
I'm not saying he didn't win.
I'm just saying. I don't know how much president thing he's doing.
Lately.
All of it. That's why we don't see him.
Because he's so busy.
President.
Fake friend.
Sorry for being a fake friend, Biden.
I'm fixing up the other things.
And everybody for this.
That's doing me up with this.
I need to get more to be for sure this time.
You got about a minute left.
This sucks.
Because you turn off the panther song.
Play this tokyo rap-ly-o-rap-ly.
You want this beat?
Metrolatus?
You want this beat?
Metrolatus?
It did say tokyo on the
on the
thumbnail.
It's actually called metrolatus.
You're saying that wrong.
I probably am, but so are you.
Nah.
Okay, because you're saying it right.
You're saying it right.
I do need to get to news.
I got an hour before I have to do the
Patriot hype train.
Do you feel like you've got a lot more life left than you?
That's not up to me, case.
And yes, I do.
A small come to the room of my newsman
swimming in fake friends.
President of the United States.
It's a world-term to me.
Stop trying to rampsport a fights chat.
Rap and spoor, I have fights chat.
Can you handle this, Biden?
Yeah, I can rhyme.
You've rhymed chat with that so many times.
I do that.
Good job chat. You are in the back.
Thanks so much for getting that hype
train to a generous level three today.
With all the bits and subs.
Particularly, I worship shadow.
Raspy girl, Snorlaxing.
I worship shadow in particular for the nasty five.
But everybody for all the sport,
16 months from Raspy girl.
16 beautiful months.
And
20 months from Snorlaxing.
This is crazy.
We're just about at the two year mark
of whatever this stream is.
Although maybe not the news part.
I don't think I was doing the news thing for two years.
That's coming up too.
Two years of this.
That's why I have this new coat.
The stream keeps evolving via coats.
Okay, let's do a little bit of news
before we learn how to do stuff.
And I think we're going to do a Joe Rogan
today too because we haven't done that in a while.
And I think there was a news story about him maybe.
He's been predicting elections
or something. We'll figure it out.
Let's do a little bit of news. Yeah.
It's still your design news.
Don't let them take it from you.
Yeah, okay.
Keep the camera right in this little face of mine.
I came back.
I came back.
Tyler, hello everybody.
It's your friend Tyler.
Remember this
is a sim city stream case? You should just do that.
The news
can wait.
Who knows how the city is doing?
We could, we never got to
600 residents. Although
I tried on the 24 hour stream
and I'm not sure if it was possible.
Believe in your city case.
There is no telling how many residents
you can get.
It seemed to be about 520,000 residents.
Who's the mayor currently?
Surprisingly?
Guy O'Boughlin.
What? He's not.
Good question.
Much love to you Jay Money.
Rennerton's and Rowan's?
I haven't kept up with the politics of Rennerton.
Who knows? I mean, it was abandoned by Munch.
We can get to 600.
Maybe that should be the next sub goal. Return to Rennerton.
I actually have it all set up.
I don't have to like...
One of the reasons the 24 hour stream stressed me out is I had to
migrate all of my sim city assets
over to a different OBS setup
because I used to use stream labs.
Turns out I had a lot of stuff.
Okay, so I'm sorry.
I love you. I don't care.
That's fair.
I just zoned out entirely when you started talking about OBS assets.
That's the appropriate response, actually.
Thank you.
You're welcome. I'll try.
So...
What's the news today?
Oh, shoot. Your news is being crazy.
The news is mad at you
for running an ad blocker as usual.
Okay, just a second. Let me fix this for you.
Stop it, ad blocker.
We love ads.
Okay, let's see.
What's going on in the world today?
Boom.
Great.
Oh, wait. Not great news.
Oh, shoot. The opposite of great news?
Really bad news?
Oh, no.
I don't know when that happens.
Did he as bad as fsteam?
Did he as bad as fsteam?
Did he as bad as fsteam?
Did he as bad as fsteam?
Did he as bad as fsteam?
That is so many alerts.
That'sconirder
There we go.
Exc 그러�
Excitement.
Hmm.
Well that's sweet Tyler, but you are talking about like a sex criminal.
That's like a hot topic lately.
There's a lot of that going around.
Sex crime is big right now.
It's not how I describe it.
Just mean it's like really popular like a lot of guys who are famous are doing it.
Isn't that what starts a trend?
No Tyler.
Well, yes, but this is not that kind of trend.
It's not a good trend.
Oh, I'm not saying it's good.
I'm saying it's definitely popular.
It is a very tragically seemingly way more popular than it should be.
Okay, sorted new details have emerged of the so-called sex grooms, not scrooms, rooms.
I got you.
That Sean Diddy comes allegedly cut in his Miami mansion filled with sex toys, bondage
gear, hidden cameras and lingerie.
According to a federal source, they said the disgrace rapper is as bad as Epstein.
I only think the hidden cameras are a problem in that case.
I think what LC was doing in the room might have been a problem, but yes, nothing against
sex toys or bondage gear, but the hidden cameras certainly paint a more troubling picture.
One of the Department of Homeland Security agents who helped Ray Diddy's Florida abode
claimed that the music mogul had rooms that were clearly dedicated to sex with cameras
all around.
It's been a trend for quite a while.
Ever heard of Caligula?
Kind of a trend setter if you think about it.
I'd really prefer not to think about it.
Hmm.
So if you were in those parties, you were being recorded from every possible angle,
including angles you wouldn't have known about.
Would you have known about some of them?
Well, every camera is an invitation while I would say a requirement to ask for consent
in a sexual situation.
Not only do you need permission to record, I think you need permission for each angle.
I agree.
The source said, referring to that sometimes days long orgies he called freak offs
were drugged up victims were allegedly forced to have sex with male prostitutes.
Freak off.
Yeah, who can freak?
You won every time.
I'm going to go ahead and say in the freak off challenge, the king of freaks was in fact.
Did he, it turns out.
Well, allegedly.
Oh, yeah. Sorry, allegedly.
John, that he comes appeared in a Manhattan Federal Court on Tuesday and he became a cartoon.
Oh, my God, did he enter the Mary Poppins verse?
It's a court drawing.
OK, so that's a different universe.
All right, authorities alleged that the changes against coms
share some similarities with the charges against Jeffrey Epstein.
Well, can you think of any similarities?
Unconsenting sexual encounters with minors would be a big one, probably.
Oh, that's a bummer.
In my opinion, he's as bad as Jeffrey Epstein, the source added about the late pedophile.
That is rough when your epithet is pedophile.
Yeah, he is a late.
The late will subtract the great pedophile.
This is way worse than Gina's intern dungeon.
Sounds like it.
I don't even think they were getting college credit.
Oh, my God, I actually wouldn't put it past.
The situation for someone to have gotten college credit out of it, unfortunately.
Case is putting out huge allegations that maybe someone involved in this got college credit.
And I think that's really troubling.
Internally, officers said that they see a lot of similarities between coms and Epstein,
the well connected financier who served time for trafficking dozens of young girls in New York and Florida.
Epstein, who is awaiting trial on additional charges, died in his jail cell in August 2019.
It's very weird hearing your voice read this.
Tyler, I'm trying to be a sarah.
So I call him.
Maybe I should.
But.
No.
No.
Sorry, Tyler.
On Tuesday, comes a slap to the federal sex trafficking and racketeering charges
according to the bombshell indictment.
He allegedly coerced his female victims into days long sex sessions
as part of his alleged pattern of abuse dating back more than a decade.
The indictment alleges that women, some of whom are still teenagers,
were coerced into freak offs.
They're kind of running through the same thing here a lot.
Sex sessions with male prostitutes that were often recorded
all while the music producer did his thing.
Bapped.
Whatever word you want to use.
Sean, pedidophile comes.
Oh, the P was I never knew it.
It was four, but it was for pedophile.
Damn.
So you got down.
I guess there isn't really much more to say.
Well, there's probably other stuff to say, but I thought.
Damn.
I think dumb or damn dumb.
Okay.
The indictment alleges that the women, some of whom are still teenagers,
were coerced.
Oh, yes, sir.
But the federal source told the post that sometimes that he would
allegedly just watch the romps from another room.
Y'all was also able to watch the action remotely on his phone,
cast it into it onto a TV.
In another part of the house.
I don't know.
You know, I mean, all of this is very sorted, but I don't so much
care about like the.
Specifics of how he was having non consenting sex outside of like.
Proving that he did it and.
I don't know.
Hopefully the victim's getting some sense of justice out of it.
You don't care about that.
He was like in another room.
I mean, it's creepy, but.
Add options now.
Sometimes like a.
Sometimes like a.
Digging too much in the details of these stories makes me feel.
Like we're reveling in it a little bit.
Airplay.
Oh, yeah.
Couldn't you just airplay it?
I mean, that's a fair question, I guess.
Over 700 dildos were found.
How many dildos are too many?
I don't think you can have too many.
A swimming pool is worth.
That is a lot.
Well, it just depends on.
You could somehow have a consenting orgy with a thousand people,
then I'd say go for it.
But I think it gets trickier.
More people you added to the pot, the more problem the more possible
the problems become more possible, the problems become saying,
you know, nothing against a giant orgy, but because a crowd creates
consent issues, in my opinion, of too big of a crowd.
701 is surprisingly in the lead right now.
Oh, a swimming pool is worth creeping up here.
Sorry, this is the horse race of dildos.
I have created a dildo horse race with this poll.
Well, someone has a swimming pools worth is tied with 701
and it looks like 701 or a swimming pools worth.
It's a tie.
So whichever you hit first, you definitely hit 701 first.
Depends on the size of the pool.
It really depends on the size of the pool.
We should save all these results
than do a family feud stream.
I wonder if I can either probably is a way I could auto add the
results to a document.
So that means I do have to delve deeper into the hole that is
streamer bot, which I did a little bit of today and never
makes you feel great.
But you don't have spreadsheets.
I kind of like spreadsheets.
But do I love them?
Maybe maybe given how I spend my time, maybe, maybe it's like
branching.
Did his employees allegedly help facilitate the sick sessions?
I'm sorry, Rebecca, did you know?
And I am sorry for that by arranging travel booking
hotels where they would take place and stocking the rooms
with supplies, including drugs, baby oil, lubricants and
extra linen.
It's such innocuous words, but in this context, pretty gross.
We have evidence that these women didn't feel like they
were free to go.
Yep.
The D.H. officer said, and there's video evidence that
some of the girls are clearly out of it while the men do
their thing.
Combs was arrested Monday evening.
Obviously he's being accused of trafficking and various
other crimes.
Tom in Los Angeles, Miami was raided by Homeland Security
in March amid possible ongoing sex trafficking.
Well, there you have it.
There you have it so far.
Thank you so much.
Low tier Tyler for the press for the prime 21 months
of prime and you can prime too.
If you've got a prime sitting around, never forgot.
If you've got a prime sitting around, slam it.
Doesn't matter how old it is.
I mean, the subscription prime.
Yeah, me too.
Slam that old prime straight down cases throughout.
No shit.
We saw it happen to Cassie.
Yeah.
I mean, this is unfortunate that he's getting comparisons to
Epstein, but there's been a lot of stories of various
usually men in positions of power.
Just doing this kind of stuff.
Maybe did he sound a little more, I don't know.
Technically, it seems like there should be even more people
implicated in this because he's having like really large
parties with broad swaths of very famous people from like the
last 20 years.
I mean, who knows who knew what, but the picture that's
been painted by these stories would suggest a lot of people in
the town in which I live should have known this was going
on and possibly participated in it.
You know, more arrests are coming.
It just depends.
Like Epstein implicated a lot of people, but they were people
that have tons of political power.
So almost no one had anything happened to them other than like
Gizzy Lane Maxwell.
KP is not a snitch.
So oh my God, I should ask.
Let's see.
When did he start throwing these parties?
2008.
Kevin might have already been off attack at that point.
Could even get the invite.
Gizzy Lane Maxwell.
I think Kevin could have gotten in there.
I don't think Kevin ever went to a Pea Diddy party,
fortunately.
That's not a story he ever told.
And also, I mean, it's part they were big enough parties
that I'm sure plenty of people went to like Pea Diddy
hosted events and weren't involved in anything untoward.
But I know there's a ton of clips going around
TikTok of like a lot of rappers seemingly pretty fucking high
at very weird looking parties.
I don't know.
It all looks bad because of the details,
but I guess we shouldn't jump to conclusions about how
public some of these things were.
Maybe some of it was cordoned off in rooms.
It all sounds very fucking creepy though.
Of course he would never say.
I'm very confident that Kevin was not at puff daddy parties.
Although I'm gonna have his back here and say,
I think that he's clear.
Some people are already resigning.
Who wait, resigning from what?
Resigning from the Pea Diddy party planning committee.
Let's just look into this.
Puff Daddy accomplices and horrifying accusations.
Who's implicated?
I'm curious who's like being publicly implicated.
Public PF did, I just put in puff Diddy by the way.
Pea Diddy implicated celebrities.
This is a smart thing to Google.
This is how you get good information.
Celebrities react to Diddy's arrest
and disturbing charges against him.
Great news, a celebrity react.
I only get to watch all the fun celebrities react.
Months after Diddy's, this thing is just so covered
in ads and stuff.
Some of those disturbing, okay,
we already read a lot of disturbing details unfortunately.
Where's these hot celebrity reactions?
Here I am keeping good company with at Drew Barrymore TV
and I have a thousand bottles of lube at the house.
50 Cent who has long taunted the disgrace rapper
over the harrowing allegations against him took to X
comparing his image to Diddy's.
Here I am keeping good company with Drew Barrymore
and I don't have a thousand bottles of lube at the house.
Maybe not like the biggest, not as big of a brag as
I think he maybe he thinks.
Like obviously all love, respect and love,
but that maybe isn't like the best brag.
Yeah, I don't really know if this is a victory lap situation.
Be like, sure, a lot of women were assaulted and men,
but I'm pretty cool at Drew Barrymore.
50 Cent is a shithead, but no,
well yeah, I mean saying something shitty
in this kid's situation is much worse
than actually doing terrible things,
which sounds like somebody did, allegedly.
It's important to say allegedly a lot
and a lot of people are.
That's also a trend right now.
It's a lot of news stories,
but you don't have to use the word allegedly.
Quite a bet.
Skips that sign.
That's the only celebrity reaction they got?
Shit about to get crazy.
Foxy Brown wrote via her Instagram story.
Sounds a little more like pumped up than I was expecting.
Long time breakfast club host Charlemagne the God
posted if Diddy gets racketeered
in sex trafficking charges for freak offs,
there will be others involved.
An attorney Damian Williams said as much
during a press conference Tuesday.
Oh, the press conference is up here,
so we can check that out, I believe.
There's the man himself.
What you got for us?
A three count indictment.
Today I'm announcing the unsealing
of a three count indictment.
Charging Sean Combs with racketeering conspiracy,
sex trafficking, interstate transportation for prostitution.
The indictment alleges that between at least 2008
and the present, Combs abused, threatened,
and coerced victims to fulfill his sexual desires.
Where is John?
Hacked his reputation and concealed his conduct.
As a legend of the indictment to carry out this conduct,
Sean Combs led and participated
in a racketeering conspiracy
that used the business empire he controlled
to carry out criminal activity,
including sex trafficking, forced labor,
kidnapping, arson, bribery,
and the obstruction of justice.
And also that every step you take,
so I thought it was a little overrated.
I'm not too worried about the music right now, Tyler.
Nobody's ever worried about the music.
You know, where's John?
Isn't that actually kind of a relevant question
in this specific story?
Because John Rohl would have been like popular
while pup daddy was like, all right, Pete Diddy.
Let's see, you can call whatever you want.
Had a file, Diddler.
You could call him that, so it doesn't really
feel great, but yes, whatever you want.
Anyway, John might actually kind of know something here.
So maybe we can finally ask, where's John?
And his opinion is super relevant.
Yeah, I can't speak for John Rohl.
I don't know if he was at,
I don't know if he was at Diddy Parties either.
He thought John was obsessed with kicking
the other dude who was obsessed with Ashanti.
I don't know the, I don't know the John back stories.
Diddler says, this just reminded me,
my friend used to work at Target
and said women once asked him
if they had any more lube in the back
while pushing a cart with every bottle
that was on the shelf.
That is, it's Los Angeles though.
There's no telling which,
the botchers sex party that was for.
But there's not an impossible,
it's not impossible that it was Diddy's.
It's definitely not impossible, unfortunately.
He was having a thousand bottles of lube
for every party, God.
At what point, when you're famous,
I just, if you were at one of those parties,
wouldn't you be like, oh fuck,
turns out being famous sucks ass,
I have to have like an orgy with,
I don't know, Joe Budden.
You don't wanna have an orgy with Joe Budden?
No.
He's at least not at the top of my list.
Just feel like you finally make it in the music industry
and you're like, I have sex with like,
every other rapper in the room.
Well, they might have had their own private room,
so that's true.
I don't really know what was going on.
It just sounds like, sounds gross.
But anyway, I mean, a lot of people
it sounds like might have been coerced
and felt like they had to be at these parties
or in these situations.
I don't really know.
It feels kind of pointless to speculate on,
but obviously it sounds terrible
and it seemingly implicates huge sections
of the entertainment industry.
At least it's not Boba Sparks.
Well, we don't know.
We really don't know.
I mean, name a rapper from the last 25 years
and it seems very likely they would have
at least crossed paths with Puff Daddy.
Would they be at his parties though?
I don't know.
And I also don't know enough about like,
the music industry in general to know like,
who was likely to be at these parties,
but definitely various famous people
would have been at these things.
And the question is, how much did they know?
How much did they do?
Both are questions.
Those are both questions indeed.
And I don't have any answers.
I'm bottom up in about that
because honestly, sometimes answers aren't love.
And not knowing is love.
And I try to keep it all love case.
You're very clear on that stance.
I'm very pro.
Not the sort of love being discussed in this,
which I would argue, big take here, is not love.
Yes, it does not sound like the P2T story is love filled.
Very anti love.
So I will leave you on this message of,
oh man, what Tyler?
You really said it all.
Oh, jays man.
That sucks man, shut up.
Fuck, I feel bad for everybody.
Fuck, shut up man.
Thanks Tyler.
You're really saying what's on everyone's mind.
Damn, fuck.
What can you say?
Shut up, God.
Okay, all right.
I know I thought I said it back to you guys.
But with me gone and you still in the same room.
Okay.
We have a call for Bubba Sparks.
And we got the bat signal coming up for Jumbalaya.
Who saw that coming?
The back to backs.
The two time champion, Bubba Sparks.
How do I get a hold of Bubba Sparks on short notice?
I'm not a miracle worker case, but I'll try.
I would argue you kind of are a miracle worker.
Anybody wonders who Bubba Sparks is?
And I'm doing this for your benefit and not for mine.
And not to see what he looks like.
I know what he looks like because I played Def Jam Vendetta.
So I'm basically a super fan.
Anyway, this is Bubba Sparks.
If you're, we'll say, younger than me,
which becomes a higher possibility every day.
And he was a sort of country white rapper,
popular in the early 2000s.
And now, hopefully, he's gonna join us here.
Oh, I got him, actually.
Let's play a little Bubba Sparks for the people.
Actually, Pepito, can you pull up
some Bubba Sparks for me?
You mind?
Uh-oh.
Did he already get him?
Sorry, he's prepping Bubba.
You wanna hear a Bubba Sparks song?
Looks like you already got him,
but yeah, just so people know
who they're dealing with, the level of artist.
I also think he was unfairly maligned by SNL.
At one point, there was a controversy
about someone lip-singing
and they brought up how Bubba Sparks plays on their stage.
It was like, I gotta go after Bubba like that.
I think country, no, not country.
Deliverance.
This is Bubba Sparks.
Honestly, part of a soundtrack for a pretty good movie here.
Never forget that he was,
Cohen Brothers approved Bubba Sparks.
Miss New Booty?
Yeah, maybe Miss New Booty is his real hit.
Well, either way, I guess let's talk to him.
Please welcome to the studio Bubba Sparks.
Bubba, thanks for joining us.
Yeah, man, yeah, man.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Bubba, bub, spark on.
Spark on.
Bubba, bub, spark on.
Spark on.
Yeah, man, bubba, man, bubba.
Yeah, we bubba, we bubba, bubba, bubba, bubba.
Bubba, lishe, bubba lishe.
I'm delicious, I'm delicious.
Put me in your mouth, baby, I'm nutritious.
Bubba, spark, spark, spark, spark, spark, spark, spark, spark.
Fire me up, baby.
Blark, blark, blark.
Hi, Bubba Sparks.
Yeah, man.
You look great.
You look great.
Well, you know, man, I've been staying,
I've been staying in a steady shape, man, you know.
I haven't fallen on my ground for a second, man, you know.
Like, people say like, what you up to, man,
I like, big thing, man.
Big thing.
That's great, what have you been up to, man?
I've been in a field, man.
Standing in a field, man, like, looking at my watch.
I'm in a field, looking at your watch.
Man, look at my watch, man.
I look to the side of it.
Damn it.
Well, man, time, man.
Got a truck.
OK, OK.
What a part of man.
What a part of man.
What a part of man.
This is a huge guy, thank you.
Well, I've never accused you of falling off, you know.
Honestly, I think you're fine.
I think people are a little harsh on you, Bubba.
On you, Bubba.
Damn it.
That's how you keep it real with a head with you, man.
That fucking means a ton of me.
And that's on my mind.
What?
That's on my mind.
Your mind?
This a man.
This a man.
No, not easy, but in the business, man.
People.
It will mean it.
Hell, hell in here, man.
You have a couple hits.
You have a couple hits.
What?
How many famous songs you got?
But not enough of people.
But not enough of people.
They say you done.
They say you done.
Not enough of you.
You ain't good enough, man.
It's really harsh.
That sucks ass.
Sucks ass?
Sucks ass.
I don't let these gigs fuck, these gigs fuck.
I'm a play up.
I'm going to show you later.
Okay, you don't have to freestyle, Bubba.
I don't even, I don't mean to, I don't mean to, I don't mean to.
Just poetry lives inside me, just sighs right out.
All right.
Well, if you guys have any questions for BubbasMed посмотрим.
Feel free to throw them in the chat.
Obviously, this is one of our biggest celebrity gets of all time.
So I should maximize my time with you.
I got like two minutes.
I got to get back to the quiz nose order.
Quiz nose order.
What?
I got a big old shut up quiz nose man.
I'm gonna get sloppy.
I'm gonna get sloppy.
I'm gonna get sloppy.
I'm gonna get sloppy.
I ain't, I ain't, I ain't 80 yet.
I ain't 80 yet.
Okay.
Bubba, what are your top three new booties?
New booties.
Oh man.
Oh man.
David Jones locker.
Big booty in it.
Probably a national treasure when they find a big treasure.
Huge booty.
Huge booty.
And also ice spice.
Ice spice.
Okay.
What rappers did you get to rail?
Uh, allegedly.
Allegedly.
What?
Allegedly.
Allegedly none.
None.
None.
I didn't, I don't know.
I don't know.
It's safer right now for any rapper to say that.
I'm actually a virgin.
I'm actually a virgin.
What?
I don't believe it.
I don't believe in sex.
I don't believe in sex.
I never did any sex.
Never did any sex.
Ever.
Ever.
Oh, okay.
I think you're allowed to say if you've had sex.
You don't have to name names.
It's fine.
Bubba, ever been to a Diddy party?
Diddy party.
I've been to a, I've been to a, uh, a pitted party for myself.
Pitted party for myself.
I threw myself a pitted party in 2012.
2012.
And I regret it.
And I regret it.
But not a diddy party.
Not a diddy party.
Allegedly no.
Allegedly.
You can, I think it's better to say no.
Allegedly.
No.
Allegedly.
No.
Next question.
Do you know those Quiznos rat creatures from the commercials?
Man, I knew that guy.
I knew that guy.
He was both in a prime man.
I'm prime man.
God damn we had some nights.
We had some nights.
No sex or drugs or drugs.
Just, just hanging.
You partied with the Quiznos rats.
Man, we had 2007 man.
Baby, damn.
Baby, damn.
Well, poppin' off.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
From 8th time to 8th time.
I'm late.
They called this song.
Yeah.
It's not funny.
There were nine times.
You know, I knew.
But I knew.
I knew.
Yeah.
The pants.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Am I right?
No.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
Last question.
Bubbas Sparks.
Not a, okay.
I guess you already answered that.
Bubbas Sparks throwing a pretty party.
Overgoing to a pity party.
Party.
I know.
I know.
I didn't insert my pity party.
the one okay how is it going working at quiz nose quiz nose let me slow down
hey man hey man yeah we snows man
a band work yeah yeah
what yeah I'm a working man
a quiz nose man
I'm working at a quiz nose man
a quiz nose man yeah yeah yeah
I'm working at quiz nose man
quiz nose man
I'm making sandwiches I can
My Christmas man, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
You ever made a sandwich with a lot of lobster?
I'm a cop of a sandwich with a lot of lobster
I've been doing man, doing what I care
With a classic Italian that's probably tricky to crack
Honey bacon in the club, and it's the club
I'm a man now, and spicy maran with a jack damn
Traditional?
I make a wheat, make a white with a wheat girl
You feel like you got them at you?
What do you mean?
Alright
Bummer that's enough
That's enough for you from your bubba
Got him high the way
Man who does Christmas, yeah
Hangin' with the Christmas, yeah
Alright, I've talked to you now
What?
You kicking me off man?
Damn man
You fuckin' grew up, I thought you were boys
Damn man, I got no sandwiches
Man, all right. All right. Yeah, I think you guys
I never had sex
Are you trying to brag about that? I'm fucking that is a brag nowadays
Ever I've never seen a vagina or genital genital. I can't see my own penis man. I got a melee
Hey hashtag relatable
Well, that's Boba Sparks our Bubba and the rats are responsible for this because this location the United States fell from
2007 high 4700 is just 400 a decade later
Those are the slings and arrows of
Popularity, you know one day you're hot the next day. There's only 400 quiz knows left
But to Bubba's point that's 400 more quiz knows that I've ever
Worked at one of all right. Let's um
We got a jumble. I surprisingly
Who is stuck in one of Pete did his closet?
Who is currently stuck in one of Pete and his closet?
And I guess is remoting in we'll try to figure that out, but first we'll do a little how-to
Tomorrow we're going to the kitchen with Jeb, but today maybe we can set up some tasty foods for him to eat tomorrow
Let's whoops. Let's learn how to
Okay, that was in the kitchen again just
Making a racket
Want to come say hi Kendall they can't see it's a waist up kind of stream
You look great the way her face bends beautiful never notice how an ever woman gets near close to you her face contorts
Hashtag relatable as well. I suspect
Oh
What hey hello Kendall you look great
Stay away from the wood Kendall. Yeah, that's good advice. That is good advice. Oh
Just my daddy lives in there and he's a spirit
We're in the wood Jeb. I got a wood. I got a wood nymph with me
You look beautiful wood nymph
You look incredible great work with wood nymph. We love to see you in the wood
Not your mother Jeb. Oh man, it's not his mom. It's not my mom. It's not Jeb's mother. It's a different lady
Hello my wood nymph friend
You look great wood nymph, but daddy that's wrong find your mom find mommy spirit. Isn't she still alive Jeb?
Oh, yeah, she is can I get a little kiss wouldn't him? Oh
I just had sex Wow I
Really don't need to know any of this dad. That's how it goes
Getting laid in the wood
No, I feel about any of this what's good in the wood Noggett well apparently everything for my dad today
Who's trapped in the wood today? I'm free in the wood
free in the wood
For a spiritual sex with the wood nymph
Spiritual sex well, you know, there's no penetration
It's sort of slop or is together, but it still makes this noise
Weirdly when you have spiritual sex still makes that noise
Even though it's a mingling of spirits
Sounds like a disgusting pounding still why I don't know the afterlife is weird Jeb. I'm in the wood
Okay, well let's learn how to do some stuff
Where I are here to learn certain how to make a cream of mushroom soup
So far I have a bad record with playing how-to's from chefs and having them copy strike the channel
But maybe we'll have better luck with Greg's kitchen Greg. Please. We're just trying to mutually promote each other here
Let me just see how to make your delicious cream of mushroom soup
Guys Greg yeah, well today. I was gonna show you how to cook a delicious cream of mushroom soup
I got a lot of requests for it and today's your lucky day
Wow, and you a fantastic recipe and I'm gonna show you how to make it
So sit back and relax while I make your delicious cream of mushroom soup
Delicious he says
The copyright strike cases YouTube channel need I'll leave a list down below in the show more bar
But of course, I'll be saying them along the way as well. So let's get into it
So the first thing I need to do is prepare my vegetables
Garlics which I'm gonna crush a third of an onion which I'm gonna dice mushrooms does make sense
250 grams or eight ounces of mushrooms which I'm gonna slice and by the magic of YouTube
That's done. Okay, so just warm up my frying pan here
To that I'm gonna add a big chunk of butter. What few tablespoons were that doesn't inspire carter this I'm gonna add my garlic
onions rich things for the follows
So we'll cook this for about five minutes or until those mushrooms turn really nice and soft
This looks edible. I could actually eat a food I make so now I'm gonna add in two
tablespoons of plain flour
Plain where we'll make me for it
And once we stir that flour through we add two cups of chicken stock
Wow, you know me
And we'll stir that and heat that through until it's slightly thickened
So now we just add one more tablespoon of flour
I love a thick brown soup of nutmeg some salt and some pepper of course
Oh, that's a rat now we add about one cup of cream to that and now all we need to do is just keep stirring this
Until it thickens up to our required thickness. I like mine sort of a little bit thicker
So I might be too
I'm gonna wait Tommy
All right. Well, there's that soup. I just whipped up have a look at it so thick rich and creamy
Oh boy, oh, I'm gonna plate some up and we'll give it the old
Alrighty well as that rich and thick creamy cream of mushroom soup. I just whipped up. Oh
Smells so good. I just can't wait. So let's stop on it
You're all right, man. Oh
my god, oh
Oh
Man, oh wow. Oh, mate
You have got no idea
Mmm Wow, you guys are gonna tell you that recipe is absolutely fantastic and I know you're gonna love it
It's just so rich and thick and creamy and flavorful. It's just got everything going for it
So if you do give it a go, let me know how yours turns out. Thanks for watching and I'll see you next time right here
On Greeks kitchen
There's still a lot left
So tasty without nothing really made the difference
That is awesome
Well
He did it. I do feel like that's what I could make I do love a good brown soup or
off-white
My favorite colors are of course off-white brown
And that spans the company, you know spans the gap between the two so to me it does look delicious
But think about his attitude and left me a little
Troubled in my tummy
And I've got a high tolerance for troubling stuff
Right dad. Okay, dad's just staring at me
Yesterday we had a lot of unique
marriage proposals ideas
Today we're gonna stick with maybe with more of a food
This is a quick one. I don't make a microwavable stuffed red pepper. That's great because you don't even have to fire up your oven
You just put it in the microwave and
Nuke those vegetables. I don't know if people do it people think it makes them soggy and gross
Well, I think you're being gross. I think microwave food is delicious. Let's check it out. It's a bop
Wow, it's a bop
On high for one minute. Okay
That was step one. We did a little pre-microwaving
Right now we're slamming our goo into the pepper
Covering it in cheese
Love what I'm seeing so far
Only two minutes until the
Symphony of flavors enters your mouth. Hmm. I appreciate the music choice
Really rocking out with that red pepper
ringing my bell pepper
Hmm
How dad are you upset? No, I just restless
restless after
Oh, dad you've been too horny lately. You're dead
And ever too old or two not alive
Live your life Jeff. I
Mean your dad you
Can't live your life anymore and yet I'm the one
Getting it in 24 7 7
What do you think about that?
He dusted a nut I
Do have to dust his wood you collect a lot of dust at
Because your wood now. I don't know if I'm wood. Jeb. I'm in the wood. Oh
my god of my wood. I mean
All my physical being is wood, but I can't move the wood Jeb
I only move within the wood. What is my existence? Why am I still horny? Oh my god, Jeb
I'm in the wood. Okay. We got there. I feel better now. Good. That's good daddy
Just don't think about it too much
To American olive oil face mask. Yeah, let's stick with food
This one looks like mushroom. Um marshmallows doing something
So let's see what?
What can I not fullscreen this?
You not fullscreen Instagram stuff shoot only have oh well. We'll just watch it like this
This is an air fryer. I have oh is that right come here. I beg your pardon me and my air fryer
We've known each other for a long time right and not once did it tell me that it can do this
Okay, I've had marshmallows in my house. I've had chocolate in my house
Me too once did my air fryer tell me that we can mix the two together and have a chocolatey marshmallow
We goodness dip come here
I call that a selfish roommate back it up and the thing is I'm already cozy right
I'm at the cozy part of my day pink level comfort. All right. I'm inside the house
I feel like I'm learning anymore all the 10 minute phone calls
I took me five hours to get prepared for because phone calls make me anxious are finally done. I can watch old movies
I'm already eating chocolate. I'm already halfway to the journey now. I need to mix the marshmallows. We got camera
Here's more smoke. What's he gonna do it to here's the chocolate that I was eating you can see my bite marks
We're gonna put that it's salted caramel. We're gonna put it in there 200 degrees for five minutes now. We wait oh
Sweet goodness, okay, let's give this a try. Now mind you can come over here. You're gonna do the thing the last guy dead
Don't do it man. Oh, he's pissed off. Oh, no, I'm gonna be honest with you. This is a problem. I should have done this
Okay, I'm 27. I can't be having this much sugar. I know my head for it didn't tell me but it's too late now
That guy's 27
Above us are old souls Jeb
Say he looks younger than me. Well, yeah, you're a dead ghost in wood. Well, I got I mean I'm only
23, you know, no you're not Jeb. I just wasn't sure what you knew daddy. I know you're not that young
I know you're older than that Jeb
Yeah, can't fool me
Loop chef Jeb cooking string. I'd love to collab with Loubshaft
That'd be great
Shut that up case make that happen
Figure it out case
Guys lazy. Yeah, I agree
Looking good wood dad. He doesn't have to keep up with himself because he just sort of exists as he once was in the wood
Yeah, sometimes I'd like am I just sort of an average amalgamation of how I looked in life
Or am I from a particular moment in my life?
Because I don't feel like I died looking this clean
Well, probably remember how you died did you?
Do you wait a minute? Why can't I remember how I died? I remember waking up that morning
Remember taking out the trash
Taking out the trash again
Then remembering I forgot one more piece of trash in the bed in the in the bathroom
So I took the trash out three times then I was like wait a minute
There's trash in the shed too. So I got the shed trash then I noticed my neighbors hadn't pulled down their trash
Any way, oh my god, I'm in the wood. Oh shit. Yeah. Yeah, that's all you get
You're gonna learn how to make more food. Let's do one more
Let's do one more I guess
You got an air fryer so we can make marshmallows. We can have a delicious red bell pepper appetizer stuffed with chili
Then we can have the main course cream of mushroom soup
Followed by a delicious dessert of s'more stuff
But I think what we're missing is a salad and
Luckily looks like someone's got me covered. Let's see how to make a salad
Good start. Oh, it's all frozen
Wait, why it's gonna be so cold cold. What's that?
That's it. It gave itself a thumbs down at the end. What does it all mean?
I guess I'll do that
Guess I'll make a frozen salad. Don't forget to add a lot of red whatever that was
Iced vegetables but
Harved up feel like maybe I shouldn't make that. Mmm too late. Jeb
Breeze up some vegetables and then grate them into a bowl. Don't forget to add lots of spicy whatever
I'm gonna I'm gonna be great in full
When it ends
Well, you gotta make something gross jab or why are you even in the kitchen?
That's true. If I don't make something disgusting. It's sort of an empty exercise
I have to challenge myself to learn new things. I can't just make delicious soups that I already kind of know how to make
You know to make a good soup. Sure. I'm sure it'll be good
Be eight
Maybe I just got a blended up and I just put a bunch of frozen vegetables in the blender
Basically the same thing
They also look pretty freezer burned. I don't know anyway, just waste some food. I guess. Oh, yeah waste it
The food wasn't disgusting to jab even cook
Well, you want it be good of jet-cooked it he's a great chef all that minute. He sure is. Oh
It's like
Winning an award getting to eat his food
You feel like you're part of the process somehow you feel like it's your achievement. That's how good he makes you feel when you eat a
meal
Yeah, that's true. Okay. Well, uh, that's all the time we have
Gonna prep the kitchen for tomorrow get to get some frozen vegetables one unfrozen bell pepper
Stuff to make cream of mushroom soup and of course
That's a marshmallows and chocolate and shit
It's in the fire I'm gonna eat it
Dance
Okay
All right, that's food's awesome. You've never had it. Well, you know, it's hard to get into cookies. So busy doing other stuff, too
Anyway, thanks for hanging out everybody. That's all the time we have and remember you're never too old
Fill our new trick. Okay. Bye. Bye
Yeah, they died in there
Intro died what happened? It's the inky blackness
Nothing, so we end that segment. That's fine by me. That's fine
Let's do a debate
Why not and then we'll do a jumbalaya and we'll see if we have time for a rogan
He might I
Do segments fast, right?
Anyway, probably not. Oh, also, there will be a prediction you can make at the top of this segment
Hopefully it'll all work. It'll auto trigger. So
Feel free to wager some points. Let's see if it works. Here's munch and crumb
Intro's being intros are being weird today. Hey, there it is
Who will win crumb or me?
That's the question on which you can wager
All of your hard earned points
Who even knows what we're debating who knows which side will even take
93% crumb the people know what's up
I'd like to point out that it's a little messed up that we're running that before we've even said what we're debating or taken aside
What are you anti-democracy now crown? Well, I just mean it. There's no issue that they're even responding to here
It's purely just I
Don't know either gambling or a full-on cult of personality style vote. Yeah democracy
Why are you so against democracy suddenly? What's wrong with you? Got a new coat now? You can't handle democracy
It's a little I'd argue it's not
Thank you. I feels great to be in my new jacket. I like the gold jacket
Don't really see why there was any issue with the gold jacket that I earned the right to make everyone wear
Luckily, I look good in everything. You're lucky this time whoever did this to me. I
Think it was case. He's lucky. You're lucky case
Democracy's racist
Well anyway, the predictions are in and after we debate whatever we're debating today
If you pick to the right side, you'll I think win points. I think the way it works is you can wage your points
Or I don't get it
Those are our two options one of those either you wage your points or or much doesn't get it
Grower or shower what's better? Hmm? Damn?
Well, you know what I?
Think it's really a toss-up honestly
There's way too much focus on penis size amongst men honestly
I mean there's some ladies that like a like a good honker sure nothing against nothing against those good ol gales
But I think men in particular tend to have the size fascinations and I shut them obviously
Obviously is awesome to have a rocking hog. Can you just give it up on that give up try to make some point about how that's not awesome
Nothing against a rocking hog. I'm just saying rocking hugs come in all sizes. No, they come in big
Rocking hogs come in one size X XL freshman class cipher
What I'll take the side of grower because I like to make a spectacle and
If it's already big then there's no surprise. Well as a show or myself. I guess I'll take the side of show
I don't need to know that grumb
No, what are you showing off one inch to two? I mean I was I would accept that about myself. I
Would be fine to accept that about myself
Enjoy your size at whatever size it may be that's that's the crumb philosophy
If anything sometimes having a large penis can be very inconvenient some of the women I've dated well
It doesn't matter what what are we about to try to know you don't
It's not important
We have a mod that doesn't my making that pole
I will take the side of grower because I'm a showman and
Somebody's just gonna give away the goods right away put on the max size immediately
Hello, dentalist great to see you
You hate crumb philosophy well look I think it's a gentle philosophy. I just think a show or is I
Think it's sort of like nice for the lady to see what she's gonna be working with
For the old for the old locker room show offs out there
You might actually have roughly the same size when it's hard but when it's good in lamp
Everybody's gonna think you're packing some serious heat and honestly if it's big and limp
It's gonna be that least that big when it's big and hard
So if you got a big long limp penis then at least you know, it's I think it's like a
Truth in advertising basically this is what I'm working with it just goes up like a drawbridge and maybe grows by a
centimeter that's how it works for me
Honestly makes it very hard to wear most pants though
Look this man is not a showman. He doesn't understand the art of spectacle
You want to shock and all your partner? Okay? You want to treat this like a military operation?
Blitzkrieg them when your penis goes from like
Honestly the smaller the better fucking fucking mighty mouse
Okay, a tiny little fucking nugget of excellence that expands like one of those bath toys
One of those sponges that you leave in water and like turns into hay arnold or whatever
That's the kind of cock you want to have but at a rapid speed
You know like one of those sped up mushrooms growing out of the ground ship
But it just keeps growing and growing and growing until they're like oh no
What did I get in here for I thought I was working with a jumping beam turns out I'm working with the entire fucking
plate of
only beans
what
Always vote for the Blitzkrieg exactly and that's why you want to grow it off you want to show it off, okay?
If somebody just sees a big hog and they're like oh, I guess it's big
But if they see like honestly something be something even smaller than micro and then suddenly they're dealing with fucking
Johnny sins getting it in
Well now you're just acting like a real American
Congratulations, and I accept your apology are not apologizing. Did you actually wow? Okay growers?
Growers surprisingly take it. No surprise here actually
The munchers fucking win another one boom. Let's see if this shit works, baby
Yeah, you get the points boom
73k channel points awarded to nine viewers. This is how you support small businesses
Well, they had to they had to take a big risk there. I
Don't know how did that how did I wish I thought it looked like I was way ahead in the voting if that means that they were smart
This is how you encourage voting, okay?
You have people get financially staked into the system, and now you're motivated to make the right side win
I was never ahead
Turns out that was the truest statement chats ever said crumb was never ahead
Because that thing on top of your fucking neck. I barely call it ahead
I actually call it an eraser an eraser when it's like that all fucking worn down
That's what your heads like my heads like a worn down eraser
Yeah, because nobody wants to even fucking use that shit to erase your mistakes
Fucking scraping your head against a piece of paper just wishing that you would disappear
What you're losing track of the metaphor here as my head an eraser erasing my mistakes
Or are people scraping me against paper to make me disappear? I don't track it, but I'm not offended because it's too dumb
From was ahead in the prediction at first and someone flip the eyes with a big bet for much that big bet paid off
Well, but I think in that case if they could have won isn't like gambling where like the odds are against you
You win more all I know is that somebody won the most and congratulations, and you're welcome
Just keep that in mind
You really want to let the side that could get you fucking paid lose
You're just trying to more abstractly buy off
The voters the voters for our totally made-up show totally made up
There's nothing fucking really than this and that's why you'll never win. I've worked out. We're completely tied
You want 28 channel points exactly
Exactly that's not even enough to do a fucking mick Horstler behind case
71 like a bunch 71 72.5. Well in aggregate
Fine congrats congrats, I guess like are you guess I fucking know that I won today
And honestly all of you are winners too because that's how we do it now
You I win you win. I'm pretty sure if you vote for crumb and it comes through crumb you probably lose points
That's how it should work
Case make sure that you set it up that way
I think you set up the other way that you would also win points for crumb, but it shouldn't work that way it should you should lose points
If you ever even consider that so just keep that in mind and I'll keep you in mind because the wolves in chat
We just I'll root our way to another fucking victory. Bye. Bye everybody. We'll see you real soon
longest graphics in the game
Try to remember how many points on the border Beyblade related. I think it's like 10
Like 10 of those points are Beyblade points
You did not miss Joe Rogan
We're gonna do a quick jambalaya and then
Maybe we'll if we managed to do jambalaya in like five minutes we can Rogan for five minutes a speed jambalaya
Maybe that's how it should always be fast and furiously
We will determine who is actually hiding in PDT's closet
Did I have that right?
Do I have that right? Oh my god. My alerts are so insane
There it is who is stuck in one of PDT's closets
and
fantastic
Boom. All right, let's send it down to jambalaya
It's a party and four people the same four people are always invited
Let's find out which one of them is actually hiding in PDT's closet and how that works who knows
We'll try to find out. Okay. All right. We're joined by four experts today
four powerful experts in the art of
of
One of them hiding in PDT's closet who is stuck in one of PDT's closets is the question of the day
Don't entirely get what that means because I do see them all here
Seemingly you're all here and yet you're wrong case because one of us is in PDT's closets
Multiple closets
Well, there's no telling how many closets of his while hiding in actually case
All right, thanks, Liana grandma grandma bottom are you in one of PDT's closets?
You're not gonna trick me this time. I don't even believe that I've ever owned a closure to closet
Okay, you're
Aware of the game today. Good good for you grandma crumble bottom Tyler unit closet. I mean I'm proud dude
I mean I can't claim unfortunately to be part of the LGBTQ community because I
I'm pretty sure I've only had sex with women unfortunately, but that is a part of myself. I hope to work on and improve
So, thank you not that kind of closet Tyler, but that's fine
The real brain teaser one of these people is in the closet
He did he specifically
Closets plural
It's our job to determine who
Of course have to write down the correct answer and I'm writing it down now. I will then hide it in the jacket
And through the power of sleight of hand also sneak it into the jacket of the person
Who is responsible for being in one of PDT's closets?
All right, we got to get through this fast
You have any questions to try to break try to break these people to get them to tell you the truth
They're all gonna deny it, but one of them is in fact in one of PDT's closets
Who even knows which closet?
Chet
Have you ever been to a PDT party negative
It's not cuz I'm not a big enough deal because I'm such a good judge a moral character that I never
Even once have hung out with a bad guy ever so deal with that case
Right you have any questions that you think and break these people do throw them in chat
But Lillian here have been to a PDT party I have I'll admit it
but they're very big and honestly they're gross the sexual reality is a little
Little desperate for my taste. I like a one-on-one desperation not so much in the big party orgy time
So I was there and I was kind of in and out not even time to get into a closet
Lillian admit it she admit that she been there throw my crumble bottom ever been to a PDT party
I've been to the dad the dick the dickies party
Johnny dickie was one of the biggest late night host back in my day. Yes. You young woman. What's up the Kendall?
Mm-hmm
And also don't talk about today
We don't talk about did he
Do you talk about him only Lillian is pretending she was there?
Hmm Tyler
What's the question you're ready to party now? Yeah, it's fucked up. Okay
So pro did it know it's not it is not
Okay, what are your thoughts on Cambodian breast milk and sugar cookies? I?
Don't even have context to know what that's in reference to is that a thing that happened at one of his parties
If so, I'm against okay
Lilliana
You sure you want to answer this look? I'm just saying I've been to a lot of places
Some of them are bad. Oh, no better on a lot of bad people
Okay, too late we spoke on it for like 30 minutes. Yeah, we did speak on it in fact
Grandma Chrome bottom here opinion on breast milk and sugar cookies. Hey, I
Mean sometimes you're out of milk
You gotta make the cookie. Okay, Tyler. I mean I'm not against breast milk, but I'm worried that this is a loaded question
Because I don't know something about my reference to I am I honestly don't know myself either
But we're this is a speed run so I guess that's a no. Oh, it's a chappell show reference. So you were safe
Can we talk about Bruno?
Be careful. This might seem like an innocuous question, but this could be a trap. We don't talk about Bruno now now
We don't talk about Bruno
Okay, Liliana doesn't talk about Bruno. That's one of the things she's actually keeping her mouth shut about shut
Do we talk about Bruno? Well, you don't talk about Bruno now. No, no, no, we don't talk about Bruno
They stole the Leon's answer. I don't know if that's fair Tyler. Do you talk about Bruno? Sure. What's up, Bruno?
How you doing buddy? Where are you at? Is there a bread on the chat?
He talked about Bruno
Grandma crumble out of do we talk about Bruno? I don't know. Is he aware is he sneaky guy hiding out somewhere?
I like a sneaky guy
They live in the walls or something. I like a good man that can live in a wall doesn't need a lot of space
That's good. Hmm. Okay
And finally, how many dildos is too many?
I'll know up a limit for me as long as you use those dildos responsibly
Unless it's like a paperclip situation where they take over the universe. I said just have as many as you want
Okay
Uh
Grandma crumble bottom. How many dildos is too many? I don't want
You got to put it in the blood and sweat tears yourself. You kids not day. You're too addicted to machines
You got to sneak away somewhere sneaky
And that's where you do the and that's and in the dark
That's where you're allowed
To be whoever you want to be
But not don't make a noise and don't use a rattle or a little rattlesnake down there. Nah, not on my watch
Okay, one is too many for grandma crumble bottom tyler
I guess stand by the earlier figures of 701 or pool fall
Okay, whichever you hit first chat. How many is too many? I think realistically like
Once you have more than 20 in the house
it's just a struggle like
You kind of at a certain point if you have too many they almost need like their own showcase or something or like
They're undedicated like closet or something probably like 40 you can like hide you can like still kind of
Up to about 40. You can just kind of hide them amongst the house like fun little traps
Maybe one you want somebody even thinks one's a statue
Well after 40 it's like well now you got to have like a whole showcase form and and that now you're just putting in too much
Work, you know if it's more than you can fit. I'd say in two drawers
You're probably dedicating too much of your real estate to deal those
All right, I guess that's as reasonable as any
Any response we've ever gotten in this particular segment?
Well, those are all of the questions you get to determine which of these people
Is secretly stuck in one of P. Diddy's closets
Seemingly currently I guess based on the question
Let's find out
It's a poll
Who is stuck? I gotta can't type in
a diddy closet
Boy, that is a scary question to ask right in this in this particular moment chat
lilyana
grandma
Or tyler and we'll just we'll have you guys settle this one in a minute because we are tight on time
And this is just a traditional poll so the explanation point one through four won't work
Although we could change it to that type of poll. Maybe the chat polls are more fun
Today I haven't cheated it is only one of them
Only one of them stuck
We'll see if chat
Suss it out
Indeed this was a very sus one
But I'm not suspecting myself or any of my friends. I think we're all
clear here
If you're in the closet at one of his parties that means you're hiding actually so maybe
Maybe it's okay to be
Depending on what you're doing in this closet. It's okay to be in there. It's just gonna be safe
I'm not in one but if I was
Why would it be so bad?
Because of the house you're in but okay. Well, you know almost against closets
I do think you should let your freak flag fly of course
But also if you have a closet king
Which grandma crumble bottom does seem to have what's wrong with it?
Maybe not in this context, but in most okay, lilyana
Waiting for everyone to fall asleep. That is a solid disturbing thought actually unfortunately
The story we're referencing here
horrible and disturbing
But that won't stop us from answering this question. I mean it could have but it didn't
Okay, still went for it. Anyway, it wasn't me. It legitimately was not
I will stay a mile away from this story if at all possible and it is possible and I will
H that's doing the wise thing lilyana. Was it you don't me today?
Don't I says are well, that means it's either tyler or grandma crumble bottom
Tyler say then so it's not so
That's how you're welcome. I said what you want me to
Grandma crumble bottom. How could you?
I just if I'm in a place I go in the closet
If I see a sex I go in a closet
I didn't hurt nobody in there
so
I don't even know who a diddy a diddly or is
All I know is Joe diddly
On the greatest blues man slash radio late night host of all time
Lot of going to clog it with him
I'm also free
No, you're what you do in the closet doesn't affect you outside of it. So I'm actually a virgin
So you have kids
Closet kids. She can't be treasured the crimes. You thought it was Sammy Davis jr. Oh jammy there
Davis jr. Yeah
Is he around?
I think he passed. Oh
Where who do you pass he's driving fast?
All right, grandma crumble bottom. I know he's dead you piece of shit. I'm fucking with you. Oh, ouch
Got your dumb ass. She's grandma crumble bottom that can come over here
Bites your shoulder off like a shark. I got jaws teeth like the James Bond man
I'm tall and I bite
You are tall. I'm a tall woman
She could be Joe Biden in drag
Good lagoon proven that. All right. Well, that's all the time we have
This is a successful version of this as we're gonna get thank you to all of my co-hosts
And contestants chat lily on a grandma crumble bottom and Tyler
But for now, let's send it back to the studio so we can get out of here for the day
Unfortunately, we did not rogan in time. So it'll have to be a friday Joe Rogan
That gives us so much to look forward to tomorrow a kitchen and a Joe Rogan
what uh
Just what a bevy of of incredible options
All right, we'll see you all soon. Bye. Bye. Bye case hit the wrong button
And he accidentally cut back to the republican the democratic convention
And I'm announcing that I'm not Joe Biden
People say I sound just like cases Joe Biden
But I'm a different lady
And that's all the time I got send it back to case
Thanks grandma crumble bottom for clarifying
Let's get the feeling every time I leave that segment. I might
Accidentally end up at the dnc
But the exit for jumble. I unfortunately go straight through the dnc as I've clarified before
Uh can't be thanks so much a fire speech from grandma crumble bottom. I agree. All right
I better send you somebody else's way because I do have to go do a patreon
So sorry that I didn't budget time for Joe Rogan. I'm push. I'm bumping rogan again
He's gonna be mad that I keep bumping him
I'm a rated psych or in a minute. Let's send you psych or his way
Psych or unless psych or is about to get off
How long is psych or been on
Four hours. Okay, you might be about to get off
But only because my friend Ricky's only been on for 21 28 minutes. I'll send you Ricky peacocks way
Next time psych or is getting the fat raid
Yeah, it's about time someone bumped him for a change. I agree. Thanks for hanging out everybody
I'll be back on tomorrow for a little Friday stream
It's fun that you guys can now request jumbalaya segment that I kind of forgot existed until I fixed the alert for it
But it's the gift that keeps on giving
More thanks for everyone to say
Who work who work at this particular station?
Don't put us in quotes case. We work hard. Yeah, great job case. I agree. You can read but be no
Nope, I buy about the words. It's not reading
Oh seven. All right. Bye. Bye. You're just reading chat vibing chat. I don't read on a dog
Okay, I gotta get to this uh patreon
So I'm gonna slam the raid button say hi to bricky for me
It's just a good old case raid and uh, I'll see you guys soon. Have a good one. Bye. Bye