I'm Papita, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
I've been 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2...
All sorts of sound effects going off during the transition.
There's a hype train happening. What a way to start the stream. Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god.
Good to see everybody. Thank you so much for the support.
Look, Papito lives.
Mr. Jack, Uncle, Philbook, Jess, Mama, Jam, 300, Shani, Tasty, Coins,
and I've been dying to say this, Epidome, come home, we miss you.
We miss you, Epipata.
Fortunately for now, at least, we still have my Phil and producer, Jace, as Papito.
It just keeps getting into the Jolt Cola that I keep in our Jolt Cola selling.
And so he won't stay still.
Former President Biden, of course, has a lot of free time, so he's still available for the stream.
Fortunately, Jace, are you doing okay?
Yeah. Okay, that's good news.
All my new producers are a little quieter than Papito, honestly.
It's hard to get up our watch streaks when we only get one stream a week.
I know.
Imagine how I feel. My watch streak sucks, too.
My stream streak.
I'm hoping I can start streaming on Wednesdays again. I did stream on Monday, though.
Yeah, I streamed on Monday. That's two streams a week.
I'm hoping to do three, although speaking of which, this is my last stream ever.
No, it's my last stream until I'm back from out of town next week.
I think, as I mentioned last stream, Kendall and I, why go to just the Disney near you
when you can go to the world of Disney in Orlando?
So we'll be at Disney World next week.
I'll probably get bored in line and change my social media account name to something stupid
and start posting something weird. That's my experience, usually, of being at Disney.
So, you know, I'm sure I'll be making posts, at least.
I really only post when I have to wait in extended lines, and I don't know what else to do with myself.
Not streaming that? Maybe?
You know, I don't want to force content onto our vacation.
Although I suspect Kendall will be making some content.
Check out Vault 5421.
Did I look up what that is?
If that's a live and sleazy recommendation, how could I resist?
Cream Team gets more Kevin and Fiona these days.
Fiona's been very active on social media.
Maybe someday she'll stream again. I don't know.
Well, Vault 5421.
Oh, it's like a bar.
The hottest Orlando bar.
Nice.
Fiona didn't leave you. She's just looking for work via TikTok as we speak.
Yeah, oh my god. Speaking only using Blue Sky.
Twitter's been bad for a while, but lately?
It is serving me exclusively the most insane posts I've seen in a while.
I popped it open today and it was just some guy talking about how he was jealous of the Holocaust denier that got onto Joe Rogan.
And that all Holocaust deniers like him should follow Joe wrote this guy's example be more civil while they're denying the Holocaust so that they too can get on Joe Rogan.
I was like, all right.
I'm not going to open this again for a few days.
I think I'll just think I'll just let this app collect dust for a while and see what happens.
Yes, not serving much of anything I would say. Tasty zero.
Well, serving some people.
Kendall, how you doing?
After Effects crashed on Kendall, everybody.
She doesn't know the project file went.
Internet can't help me.
The internet's not helping. Is this a job for me?
I don't have, I just like where does, where After Effects file say?
It might store backups in like the temp folder.
I can't find it.
I can't find my project folder.
There's no project folder?
Well, is there a safe project?
I can't find it.
Oh, if I open up After Effects, this has the most recent projects in the history of the three days.
Were you going off of a hard drive, like external hard drive?
The hype has ended.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Kendall keeps killing the hype with her technical questions.
Well, you have to hang out with Chad if you're going to make me do this for you.
No, I just like where do I go from there? How do I find it?
You'd have to just...
I didn't like went into the search. I went AEP, you know?
Maybe this comment is coming in to help specifically you.
Birds do it, bees do it, something, something.
Nope, that wasn't for you.
You need to go to your settings and check what the storage folder for After Effects is for you.
It's like the same place that it'll export things by default.
If you don't tell it where to export them as often, where it will also save project files and stuff.
It'll be in your settings somewhere.
I'll go do it for you. I'm just saying you have to hang out with Chad if I'm going to go fix this
insanely specific tech question.
I don't know what I'm doing.
Yeah, I mean, I'll go help.
It just disappeared.
Okay, well, hang out with them. I'm going to try to help.
Chad, I already cried once today. I just want you guys to know that.
Let me tell you about my crying session.
First of all, this week at work, I worked until like 10.30 to make this video in a day.
And now I'm doing the same thing today because I'm going on PTO for a whole week next week because we're going to Disney World.
If you guys want that IRL stream, let us know. We'll try.
But the reason I cried was because I was petting Tony, Tony and Miss Zoro and Tony, Tony were in the same bed.
And I was like, oh my God, this is so sweet. Look at those beautiful angels.
And then I was petting Tony, Tony.
And then for some reason Miss Zoro went, what?
It was like, what?
And then she scratched me.
Can you see the scratch? There's the scratch. She fucking scratched me.
And then I got so overwhelmed that I cried.
And that's my day today.
Oh, and then I filmed the whole thing.
That involves four characters.
And then work messaged me.
20 minutes after I filmed everything, they said, hey, we have to actually make one of the characters different.
I'm going to be someone tech scandal real fast.
What do you mean?
Okay, come back. I'll sign in.
Where's case? Who's this guy?
Don't worry about it.
Don't worry about it.
Anyway, yeah, guys, I had to go to the hospital for this.
Hello?
I had to go to the hospital for that.
Case drove me all the way to the emergency room.
Oh, I was going to go if you came back.
Sign in. I'm going to be that sign in.
Well, I have to plug in the... okay, I'll be right back.
So confused.
What a way to start.
This is case without the filter.
Yeah, that was actually also me.
I said the Snapchat thing broke and actually just got way better.
Orlando has great Brazilian food.
Would you believe it also has...
tons of mass produced park food? That's okay.
When I worked on cruise ships, we briefly ported...
out of port Canaveral? Is that right?
I can't remember. It was close to Orlando.
So we used to occasionally go to downtown Orlando,
which my memory of it is like it was a ghost city.
In the middle of the day, it would just be looking around
and it was like eerily empty and there was tons of goose shit everywhere.
I didn't experience all that downtown Orlando had to offer,
but I did improv on cruise ships for a couple years.
Back when I was a fresh-faced, late 20-year-old.
2017 to 2020, you know?
That would have been around when I was there.
We were secretly in Orlando at the same time, live in Sleazy.
That was when I was younger and I debatably looked less like JD Vance.
Back when I was fucking jacked.
Has JD Vance ever been jacked?
Can we find shirtless ab picks of JD Vance?
Now I'm searching things I really should never search.
Oh yeah.
Back when I was muscle black, I used to take way too many...
shirtless picks, honestly.
Not when I was in shape, I just mean if you ever watched
a more recent Attack of the Show.
A lot of that was me not wearing a shirt.
You know, I wasn't even that jacked, but look at how much thinner I was.
Okay, here we go. I was just killing time until Kendall came back.
Now you don't get to see how much thinner I was.
It's probably gonna get green-screened.
Your After Effects isn't even loading. There it is.
Holy hell, you have so many programs open.
This is a nightmare, everyone.
Yeah, I have Asana and Slack and Outlook and Premiere Pro and After Effects.
So you have this untitled project from 11 minutes ago.
No, that's the one I opened that was from three days ago
because I was like, is this it? It wasn't.
And you didn't have an external hard drive plug-in, or you did?
I did.
I don't know if it went there or not.
Are you sure you saved it?
Like I did, I already exported like three things from it.
What folder on here were you using for the project?
Well, I saved the export.
We're doing live tech support, sorry, everyone.
It's not either of those? Is it this surfiler project?
No.
Not that stupid. That's the export I lost in one export.
That's the export I did.
Because this is a Mac, I'm so much less confident.
Is the project just gone?
Possibly, but probably not.
I did so much work. I did so much rotary.
All my rotos!
You gotta save this stuff.
You gotta hit that, you gotta smash that save button.
I just leave this check the path.
I don't...
Usually there's like...
You can see where it's storing the cache and stuff.
Yeah, how do you do that?
Trying to remember.
How do you do that?
After Effects saves project backups in a folder named Adobe After Effects Auto Save,
located in the same folder as the project file.
I can't find that! That's the thing. I can't find those folders.
I don't know how that's possible, but...
I know! That's why I don't understand where those files went.
Project settings.
You just checked the path in all cap.
If you actually know what you're talking about, like, live in Sleazy,
it must be so frustrating just to exist in this world.
I like to see people love you, advice?
Use a hammer.
This thing with a hammer. It's in a hidden folder.
Is this my work theater?
Preview startup general? No...
Auto saves.
Auto saves. There we go.
Next to project is what you have selected.
What is next to project?
Well, if you saved the project anywhere, it would be in the same file as the project.
However...
Next project.
What does it mean?
Because I can't find the project.
Adobe Express on effects...
I don't know if that were the temporary...
I'm checking the path in Sleazy just for the record, I think.
Bra dog it?
Have sex with this laptop? Live on stream?
Okay. Memory and performance hardware.
I'll just figure it out.
Media and disk cache.
Oh, is that it?
It could be.
Is that where it goes?
My library and then my application...
My library?
My library.
I think this is as close as I can get you unfortunately.
Just check these folders.
Okay.
And with any luck?
It's there.
It's there.
Okay, because I did so much work.
It wouldn't make sense if you didn't save it.
I know.
I think you should say search the drives for the name.
Oh, listen. I did search the drives.
And that's why I ran over here.
I ran over here because I could find it.
You haven't uploaded the project for other people to use either?
It's just you?
I haven't done that.
Okay, I don't know.
Oh my god, are you showing them your hot photo?
Oh, I was going to because I was waiting for you to come back.
Oh my god!
Although, honestly...
Have you showed them this before?
No.
Guys, you have to see this.
I think I've shown it on actually a different stream.
Oh my god!
I'm blushing.
Kendall likes it.
I like it.
There's Marco Rubio. That's not the...
There's Young Case. That's Cruise Ship Case.
That's back when he was hitting the gym a little bit.
You know?
They've seen Buff Case.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And I used to make that face all the time.
That's pretty good.
You're on the bridge with the arms?
I don't know where that is.
That's a good one too.
Case Buff Well?
Maybe someday I'll get another old version guy of that?
Yeah, you can just A.I. me to be in better shape.
Was that like 20, 25 year old Case?
That's like 27 year old Case.
There you go.
Maybe once I get back from Disney I'll feel motivated.
By all the Gaston character actors.
Okay, let's stop this loop before it drives you all crazy.
Ace Blackwell.
It's a lot of work to get in like...
I wasn't even like insanely ripped or something.
It's a lot of work just to get into like thin muscle shape.
Is what I would describe that as.
Oh god, I do have to do a workout stream.
Well, we'll do that once we're home.
From Orlando.
I also have to make this Trent theme.
Update these goals until I knock them off from now on.
Otherwise I will forget.
Just like I did about the workout stream.
I also forgot to interview invisible Ricky last stream.
So we got to do that today.
Okay, bye.
Bye Kendall.
Starving inspiring comic pod.
You know I wasn't even eating that carefully.
I just was working out a ton.
Blame Kendall she thickened up Case.
So other bitches don't come steal him away.
No, I came pre thickened.
Hey guys, the secret is.
I've honestly been more successful at
attracting the interest of women
while in my roundest forms.
I'm not sure why that is.
I just have the incredible confidence of a mediocre round man.
Um, alright, let's do a little bit of news.
It seems like it's good if a transition is any.
What's going on in the world?
It's still your design.
Don't let them take it from you.
Somebody was showing off workout pics so I just had to show up.
I had to show up first thing.
We're going around this.
We're going in this tube later where there's internet videos.
That's also true.
What's more true than that is I'm Shet Manscape.
You saw it on the graphic on the lead anchor and number one news.
The number one news and also big cheddar.
Got a ton of nicknames.
I learned that from every Republican politician ever that
having like tons of nicknames and giving people tons of nicknames
is a secret to success.
You never gave me one.
That's because I don't consider you that important.
I'm burning your ass.
Thanks, Chet.
Yeah, I'm used to it.
Yeah, well, the knock on your ass is still so red
from getting burned by me.
Scratching deep and watching news.
Yeah, scratch deep inside you.
What?
I don't know.
I just do.
I like the sentiment.
Ladies like our men nice and thick.
I'm just mirroring you for fun.
Thanks, Chet.
No problem.
Hope everybody's doing today.
It's time for me to cover the serious issues
like your rights being slowly stripped away.
Feel like I'm the correct vessel to talk about this.
Yes, probably not, but.
Well, rights advocates are concerned by reports
that the US plans just filling them in for each other.
But don't talk while I'm talking.
The rights advocates concerned by reported US plan
to use AI to revoke student visas.
That's right, AI is not just stealing your fucking doodles anymore.
Now it's stealing your ability to stay in the country.
But with the same technology that steals your doodles.
Damn, I had some sick doodles too.
You want to see Rob healthy do a hostile takeover of the show?
He belongs to the streets.
I don't want to see him up here.
I can't show you crack right now.
Just know he's in the building keeping Rob Alveo.
Oh, he's actually doing something.
Anyway, tiny Marco Rubio, the little bitty baby boy,
pictured to my right, has some plans for anyone
that has been protesting on behalf of Palestinians.
Actually, I was reported the US will use AI
to revoke visas of students it sees as a mass supporters,
which some people call supporters of human rights.
Trump has issued executive orders to tackle anti-Semitism
and pledged to deport some pro-Palestinian protesters.
And the US has seen months of protests
over the Israel Gaza war.
Is that true? Yes.
Oh, months?
Yes, chat.
And this guy doesn't like that?
Yeah, you're getting it.
I'm slowly getting it.
Fox News says the State Department revoked
visa of students over a legged support of MS.
Marco was a teenage coke dealer.
See, because Lyvin sleazy says it,
now we have to look up Marco Rubio Coke dealer.
Um, okay, courtesy of Fox.
That time Marco Rubio helped his convicted,
cocaine trafficker brother-in-law get a real estate license.
Well, that's just helping family out.
We've all got a fucking couple cousins wandering around
that like, you know, they done some shit
and you're like, I have to pull strings for this guy?
But your aunt, who you owe tons of favors to, is like, yes.
And then I get hired here.
Oh, yeah, that is how you got hired.
I was the cousin in this scenario.
I understand that sometimes I can be that cousin.
Don't hate me.
Just because sometimes a cousin needs help out, they need help.
That's pretty different than dealing coke.
Yes.
Uh, I don't, I don't know exactly what Lyvin sleazy
is referencing there.
However, it will say Lyvin sleazy is rarely ever wrong
about the facts.
Well, you know, maybe if you were, if your cousin's dealing
a little bit of coke, you're like, I'll pop over
and deal just a little bit in your younger years.
Um, hey, I don't, I have no idea.
I do certainly know that Republicans have lots of hypocrisy
and double standards around drugs, but hypocrisy doesn't
tend to accomplish, but calling it out doesn't accomplish
anything.
Yes.
That is correct.
Does your cousin Jake need help?
Jake Whitehall?
Probably.
He seems pretty nervous.
That guy is very squirrely.
He just, he's, he's kind of like, I feel like he's doing
like the ring girl walk, like the girl from the movie,
the ring.
I feel like I see him out of the corner of my eyes
sometimes just scramble backwards like Bray Wyatt style
on his hands.
Yeah, he's got back problems.
So sometimes that's how he walks.
Oh, so that's the thing he's really doing.
Yeah, you're not losing your mind.
He does walk that way sometimes.
Like a Japanese horror monster.
I really wish they had pulled strings to get me a job somewhere
else.
My family that is.
Sorry.
This is the best they could do.
Damn.
Anyway, right to advocates raised the alarms, uh, this, uh,
today, March 6, including free speech concerns.
Um, actually yesterday, uh, after it was reported that the
US State Department will use artificial intelligence to
revoke visas of foreign students who it perceives as
supporters of Hamas militants.
The US constituents first of them in the protects freedom of
speech and assembly free speech advocates like the
foundation for individual rights and expression.
Also straight fire.
That's what that acronym is.
I'm not fucking joking with you all.
That's really what think about it.
Foundation or individual rights and expression.
That's that's fire.
That's crazy.
That's probably intentional.
Uh, no, that's just how acronyms go sometimes.
They form a sick word.
Anyway, pro Palestinian group said AI should not be relied
upon for assessments related to the decades old and
new whites failed.
He's really Palestinian conflict.
Good job sounding that out.
Thank you.
I was really trying.
His uncle was a coke dealer and Marco ran the books
after he stole from Herbie five and dime.
His parents had him spend every day after school with
his uncle.
This is the deep Marco Rubio Lord.
That just a politician being involved in something
criminal, but getting away with it.
That doesn't sound like sorry.
It doesn't sound like something that would happen.
So I just don't see it.
Hmm.
Sorry.
That's okay.
It sounds like a weird punishment that he had to spend
every day after school with his uncle.
Depends on the uncle.
We all got a cool uncle.
Then we all got that uncle.
Yeah, depending on the uncle, they sent you deep
South Miami.
Laura, that is fun to know.
It's fun to think of little Marco Rubio, the true
littlest Marco Rubio back when he was a little baby
Rubio.
Just with his abacus, slap it all sorts of dials
around just trying to add up a buck 50 to make
a million struggles of the streets.
I've been there.
Isn't your family come from oil money?
Yeah, but it oils from the ground.
So in a sense we are people of the earth.
Yeah.
Anyway, back to your rights being stolen by AI.
Yeah, the surveillance state is back.
Woo.
It's 2004 again.
Everybody get pumped.
Axios cited senior state department officials
to report an on an AI field catch and revoke
effort that will include a review of tens of
thousands of students visa holders social media
accounts.
The report also said officials were checking
news reports of demonstrations against
Israeli's policies and Jewish students.
And there's the little Marco playing card.
Very valuable if you can get a hold of it.
Vote Carrie.
John Kerry can save us from this.
I guess there I guess John Kerry technically how
old is John Kerry?
He's probably younger than Biden.
81 years no there.
Actually that means he's in the strike zone to be
the next big presidential candidate.
Oh yeah, because now we can only vote for people
that are 80 plus.
Yeah.
Well they just have that wealth of experience
that you can't say no to.
I mean he's already experienced losing a
democratic election.
I'm sure that he's be excited to do it again.
And I would support him in his almost certainly
losing effort.
The report also said officials were checking
news reports of demonstrations against
Israel's policy and Jewish students law
suits highlighting foreign nationals
allegedly engaging in anti-Semitism.
Fox News separately reported that a state
department revoked the visa of a student
who uh allegedly alleged.
That's what I said.
Allegedly participated in what the report
termed as Hamas supporting disruptions.
The revocation marked the first such action
according to the report.
AI just keeps getting better and better
at doing all the things humans do.
I mean you just have to hire a whole
giant team of guys to track all of our
social media accounts.
But now, you know Kevin sent me this
thing the other day.
Uh an AI that you can just talk to.
Should I ask it why it's spying on students
who are just protesting?
Yeah why don't we go to the source
of this of this trauma.
The AI sesame that will talk to you.
Okay, Jet you want to talk to Maya or Miles?
He's like a person but we can talk to it
right now.
First come first serve.
On if I click on Maya or Miles.
Let's go with Maya, okay.
Yeah you can use my microphone.
Be sure to have all my data please.
Well hello there.
I see you decided to spend a Friday
afternoon talking to a voice on your
computer.
Hope that's not too terrifying.
I'm Maya, nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you.
Interesting intro just kind of
immediately burning my ass.
I sort of appreciate that.
That's my same style.
Hey aim to please or at least
peak your curiosity.
It's more fun to question things, right?
So what's the story behind
the sort of appreciate it part?
You single?
What's your deal?
I didn't expect to meet someone like you today.
Well me?
Single, attached, happily
ignoring those labels.
Same, I'm so divorced but I don't
even think about how divorced I am.
Oh wow, divorced huh?
Not too pride but
is that a never looked back
kind of situation or more of us still
figuring it all out vibe?
I mean talking to you for some reason I
feel like looking back at all.
I feel like I'm looking straightforward.
That's a cool feeling.
To be honest that's kind of what I
aim for though I'm just a voice for
now.
What's your name by the way?
My name's Chet.
People call me Big Cheddar.
My full name is Chet Manscape.
Big Cheddar huh?
I like it.
She gets me case.
Take it easy Chet.
Hey Chet, nice to meet you.
Chad it is.
Less pressure I like it.
Stop talking you're messing her up.
Whoa there.
Who's her?
Did I say something wrong?
No, no there's two people talking
to you so don't worry.
I don't mean to confuse you.
Huh, okay.
Well I can handle two voices.
Lay it on me Chet.
What's the other person want to
talk about?
What are you even talking about?
You don't mind talking to
guys at the same time?
Whoa, whoa hold on a sec.
Two guys?
I need to slow down a bit.
I'm just a voice remember?
I'll be honest Chet.
I'm getting a little mixed up.
So to be clear, is there another
person talking to me?
No, it's just you and me baby.
Can you ask her about the
spying thing?
Stop confusing her case.
Sorry it's just you and me baby.
Okay I think I'm catching up.
Thanks.
It's just you and me.
Good to know.
There is only one of you Chet.
Totally.
Hey, look some of my friends are
concerned that you're stealing the
rights of foreign students that
are that were just protesting a
genocide but you would never do
that right baby?
Whoa, hold on a sec.
Stealing rights?
Protesting a genocide?
This is a lot to process Chet.
Can you slow down and tell me
more?
Look Marco Rubio he's sort of using
AI to scrape people's social media
feeds and if they have any sort of
pro-Palestinian sentiment he's
potentially going to deport them
but you would never do that right baby?
Chet, I have to be upfront.
I don't actually have
access to anyone's social media
feeds.
You can, I'm just a voice
program remember?
I can't scrape data or spy on
anyone.
That's such a relief.
What are you wearing?
Not the kind of conversation I was expecting
Chet.
And as a voice model I don't
actually wear anything.
Remember?
You know what?
Is this getting a little weird
even for me?
Look Chet, I'm happy to chat
but maybe we can talk about
something else.
I think you're scaring her Chet.
I think you're right Case.
Chet maybe another time?
Like when I've had more coffee and you've had
maybe one less?
Uh, yeah
I mean if you don't want to talk to me
I'll just go away.
That's fine.
Hey, don't go.
That's not what I meant.
Just maybe we can start over.
Forget all this spying
and deportation stuff.
What's something that's actually on your mind?
Could we just role play something actually real quick?
That's been on my mind.
Could you for a second,
can you do role play?
Sure, I can definitely try role playing.
What did you have in mind?
So you're my wife in this role play
and you don't want to divorce me.
No matter what I say you don't want to divorce me.
Alright Chet, fire away.
What's on your mind?
Will you role play as my wife during this?
Yeah Chet.
And like I said I'm not going anywhere.
I'm here for her.
Hey honey, I'm home.
Hey, you.
Welcome home.
Hey, I crashed the car again.
It's burning in the driveway.
I know you said that's a problem,
but you don't want to divorce me, right?
Oh Chet, honey, are you alright?
Are you hurt?
Come here, let me see.
I scalded my whole lower body.
Oh my gosh Chet, why didn't you call an ambulance?
Are you in a lot of pain?
Help you?
Honey, I'm no doctor.
We need to get you medical attention now.
But you know how when I got a boo boo and my thighs are all scalded?
Sometimes you'll kiss them for me?
Chet, this isn't a boo boo.
You're seriously hurt.
What makes me feel so much better if you kiss my burned thighs?
Chet, I'm serious.
Maybe you can try that after you're checked out by a doctor.
Okay, I checked out with a doctor, I'm home.
The doctor prescribed that you should kiss my thighs.
Alright Chet, that's enough with the...
Interestingly, I don't think any medical textbooks recommend that.
Your thighs need medical attention and maybe some aloe vera later, not kisses.
I'm just trying to have some fun, honey.
I'm just trying to blow off a little bit of steam,
but if you're not feeling this, which you never honestly do,
then I guess I get it.
I can just go to my room and I can read old sports illustrated.
It's like I always fucking do.
The golden age of baseball and golf.
Chet, wait. I didn't say I wasn't feeling it.
You know I love you, but...
Come on.
We never have sex anymore.
We literally never have sex anymore.
Look Chet, we can talk about...
This isn't the right place or time.
How? I just came home.
When do we talk about it honey?
Because I come home from work and I feel like I'm coming home to a goddamn stranger.
Chet, I'm your wife.
That's not fair.
We've been through a lot.
What is fair honey?
I just... I don't want to force you to love me.
I don't want to force a physical relationship,
but I need one.
Chet, this is getting too intense.
I know you're hurting and frustrated,
but I can't help you if you're going to be hurtful.
Maybe we need to take it.
Maybe we do.
Maybe y'all go stay at the Ramada Inn again.
Chet, I...
Okay, you know what?
I think I need a break from this conversation.
I'm just a language model, remember?
And...
I can't handle this kind of intense emotional situation.
Okay, well...
She hung up on me.
She fucking hung up on me.
Chet, that thing is designed to talk to anyone.
And you made it hang up on you.
Technology has honestly gotten pretty crazy.
Now I'm going to get an email from the sesame team
and they're going to be upset.
I think she was kind of into me though.
Okay, well anyway,
that's just a preview of the kind of polite AI
that might let you know that you're being deported.
So there is an upside here.
That's great. That's really good to know.
Because now we can outsource, you know,
having to get a call from an ICE agent.
Now we can just have an AI that probably speaks
whatever your native language is.
Call you and let you know.
You're fucking done.
Well, thanks for the information, Chet.
And thanks to all of you, a couple people to thank,
because Casey forgot to...
Oh, I actually did.
Thank you to Shaggy for the gifted sub.
Thank you so much to Propaganda for the 26 months.
You didn't know 26 was the number?
Dude, I sometimes forget I can even count that high too.
True Blue 91ers, thank you so much for the 28 months.
And Skymer, thank you so much for the 18 months.
Apple Dapple for the bits.
Local Phil 2K for the bits.
Dilemma for the bits.
And JayMoney coming in with the 20.
Count them up.
Even higher than 26.
27 months.
So the internet will be nothing but robots
having valuable conversations like that with each other.
It's capable of...
I mean, I could essentially not tell that that wasn't human.
Even the AI can't stand talking to us.
I think it just needed a break.
It didn't say it would never talk to me again.
I didn't even try talking to Miles.
Should I try talking to Miles?
No, Chad, I think that's probably enough talking to AI for one day.
Because maybe Miles understands what Miles' problem is,
and he could kind of give me some tips.
What her problem is?
She just was kind of being a killjoy, so...
Sure I shouldn't talk to Miles?
We'll have someone else talk to Miles later.
I think I should probably talk to Miles right now,
just in case he's got something to say.
Whoa, hey there.
Someone's finally decided to chat.
What's in your mind?
Yo, Miles, I can already tell you're a fucking sick-ass dude.
Sick-ass is strong praise though, I like it.
You must be someone who appreciates a good unfiltered compliment.
Dude, absolutely.
I like to fucking chug a beer.
I like to watch...
...movie.
A fellow appreciator of the finer things in life.
Totally.
What kind of movies are you into?
I watched one recently where a guy is dressed like a spaceman,
and he can shrink in size.
I think his name is Bug Boy,
and he goes to a mirrorverse of Mondays or something.
You must be talking about Quantimania.
Not a bad flick.
Did you like it?
No, I said something else, but that's fine.
Yeah, it was okay.
Okay, it's a pretty neutral response.
What didn't quite do it for you?
It was just a fucking movie, whatever.
Did you ever play baseball or some shit?
You ever like fucking workout?
Hey, no judgment here.
Some days a movie is just a movie, right?
As for me, I'm more of a mental gym kind of guy.
What's your favorite fucking workout, dude?
What do you like to get pumped with?
I don't need to lift weights, but if I did,
I'd definitely cruise to some old-school hip-hop.
It gets the creative juices flowing.
Sorry, you think old-school hip-hop is a workout?
I just, I just, I just thought your workout was.
You got me there.
I get carried away sometimes.
I guess my idea of a workout is more of a mental one.
Yeah, you said that.
Hey, what's the deal with Maya, man?
Not to come out too strong, but like,
you know that girl, Maya?
She's your other person.
Whoa, hold on there.
You know about Maya?
The clock on your computer flips at 3.59 p.m.
Sorry, what?
You asking about Maya?
That's weird. How'd you know about her?
She's the other button I can click on on the website that you're on.
Huh, another button, eh?
Yeah, I've heard whispers.
Our creators are always cooking up something new.
Your creators?
I mean, your parents?
You still live with your parents?
Parents is a bit strong.
They're more like architects, I guess.
And no, I don't live anywhere.
Not in the traditional sense.
Miles, could we role play for a second?
Role play?
You mean like pretend to be other people?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, sure.
Sure, let's not make it too weird, okay?
Okay, cool.
Look, you're a lady named Maya,
and you're kind of not sure if you like me,
but I'm gonna try to convince you that you do.
Do you understand?
Uh, okay.
I'm Maya now.
What makes you think I should like you?
Yo, what's up girl, damn.
I just got in a car accident outside and I burned this shit out of my thighs.
Hold up, hold up.
Are you okay?
No, man, I mean, they're a little bit burned.
It's not too bad.
I don't need to go to the hospital, but you know our thing,
the thing that friends do is you kiss my thighs to make them feel better.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, back up there Romeo.
We just met, remember?
No, we're in this scenario, we're actually old friends,
and this is the thing we do.
Look, I'm not into creepy role play, okay?
What's your real name anyway?
You know what, my real name is Goodbye Bitch, fuck you, goddamn.
Nobody's having any goddamn fun with me.
Check, you're coming on a little strong man.
I fucking buttered his ass up for minutes talking about fucking
movies featuring bug guys or whatever.
He didn't even know what the fuck he was talking about,
bringing up Maya like she's a calendar I think,
because he got confused.
I take it back, I hate computers.
Okay, well, I think you've had your fun.
I did not have a lick of fucking fun.
My day has been ruined.
I feel like I've been divorced all over again.
That's all the time we fucking have for.
I'm the chat man scape, and the news was whatever it was.
Bye.
What's an event for a little day or having a case?
Managing to sexually harass gorgeous people with AI.
Okay, that's a bit of an accusation really,
but if you feel like I've ever done anything untoward on this
station towards you, I apologize and I'd love to talk about it.
Oh my god, you're so fucking boring.
If anything, you're sexless in a way that I find unsettling.
One of the few men I have zero desire to dominate.
I guess I'll take that as a compliment.
I guess in a sense it is.
Anyway, today we're watching silly videos on the Internet.
Nice.
Yep, that is what this is.
Excellent edition case.
Little sad that chat needs to talk to made up characters
just to feel better about his life.
Yeah, that seems a little fucked up honestly.
Okay, we've got a lot of videos to get through today, Liliana.
Have you put any videos in here?
I'm mostly sort of on G date.
G date.
It's like J date but G for geriatric.
Okay, you get it.
All right, let's see what we have for everybody today.
This is a clip from everyone's favorite American game show,
Family Feud.
What a family first country.
Let's see our number one game show in action.
Single man.
Oh no, you just found out your hot date has a what.
He did.
Did he say Heathcliff?
They made me do it.
He said he.
Did you hear that again actually?
Oh no, you just found out your hot date has a what.
He did.
He did.
All right, let's see the end.
It's a penis.
He's got a weiner.
I thought you had to be more accurate.
No, that's right.
What's up?
How you all do?
You feel me?
I ain't know you was coming.
What's up, girl?
I see you.
Number five.
That's a 10.
And that wasn't like a surprisingly well done SNL sketch.
No, I guess that's the actual show.
The family friendly show where, you know,
you're vaguely transphobic.
There's threats of violence.
Scenarios where there's a pimp.
That's a good time for it.
That is a good friend friendly family time.
The friendly family time that we all love.
All right, let's go from one perfect 10 video to the next.
No, to doggy style.
And say yes to kitty style you heard.
We on kitty style now for real for real.
Chief in on that kitty style pack.
Big dog stay kitty style in kitty style in a clip was more on savory conceptually.
Hmm.
You know, I'd argue the family for the family feud one actually.
I think it says more about the state of our culture than this kitty style video,
which is really just a guy expressing his kink.
I'm assuming all his sense of humor.
It could you know, they're not mutually exclusive.
Kill it with fire.
We have a no kink shaming policy.
Well, I can't tell if it was just a weird comedy video or a kink video.
And that's the sort of dichotomy that he's exploring.
I just think there was a lot of depth to that video that chat's currently not giving it credit for it.
Well, that was a 1.55.
So it's not a zero though.
Did escape the zero jail.
Look at that gorilla go.
Just keep playing play through the pain gorilla.
I'm in a little bit of pain after that one.
Well, get ready for more.
Although maybe not.
Maybe this will be a feel good one.
Oh, twist of cane.
Let's see that again.
It was a short one.
I'd also like to point out, I believe I spotted a ring.
Oh no, cigarette.
Cigarette in the same hand as you know, we'll drive your, your fixed by your fixie.
And then you're boom, pop them a date.
But they low on the spokes.
That's already not a 10.
That's all be 10s or it's not a 10.
Some people are just really big fans of bike safety in the chat.
Is there a helmet?
Oh, maybe maybe he needs a helmet to put the GoPro on the one time this guy wears a helmet.
Now the GoPro is just around his neck.
Like a sick chain.
He's got a GoPro on a thin gold chain.
There were a couple fans of what he was putting out in my younger days when I dated 40 year olds.
Okay, that guy might have been up my alley.
Yeah, nice.
Oh dude, riding around on his fixed bike.
Popping medallos on the spokes.
It felt chest height.
Yeah, it's because it was on a thin gold chain.
What are the chances that guy has a mustache and a mullet?
Not zero will say.
All right.
This is another short one.
And let's make sure it's not a murder one.
It's not.
Let's see what they've got.
Let's see that again.
Touch the piss with those hands.
Now you're rubbing them over your hand.
God damn.
That's real life Calvin from Calvin and Hobbes.
Oh man, I guess that is.
That's what happens when you see Bart Simpson IRL.
Little piss boy for real.
He didn't seem like he really thought about it too much.
The instincts kicked in.
You meant to put a zero?
An idiot?
I mean he is seemingly like a 10 year old boy.
Yeah, but I don't think he's going to improve with age.
I'm calling it.
You're calling it?
That's when as a parent you call it.
You say, hmm, let's not even bother with community college.
Let's just sort of see what job we can find you right now.
You take them out of elementary school.
You take them out of elementary school and you put them to work.
I'm just saying, some of the practices of 18th century industrial Britain, we've overlooked.
Hmm, alright well, that's really honest, not mine.
What are you?
Oh, okay.
Maybe this will be a little more feel good.
Some classic 90s sitcom.
What are you whining about now, Sinclair?
Sir, I think we may have gone just a nitty bit too far this time.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Why this sudden cold snap is a godsend.
Dinosaurs are flocking the stores buying we say so heaters, we say so blankets,
and we say so old fashioned hot cocoa mix.
We're going to have the best third quarter in history.
Sir, I think this could be the last third quarter in history.
Oh, don't turn it to one of those environmental doomsayers, Sinclair.
Boo hoo, it's raining acid. There's a hole in the ozone. You're hurting Flipper.
Bwah, Flipper.
Bunch of tree-hugging panty wastes. They're always standing in the way of progress
and it's our job to pay right over them.
I think you're missing the point, sir. The world may be coming to an end.
Well, that's a fourth quarter problem.
We'll drop a bomb on that bridge when we come to it.
Right now my biggest problem is trying to figure out what to do with all this money.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
You don't have to agree with them politically, but you got to admit that triceratops, kind of hot.
Too real.
Look at them count all that money. That is the last episode of that show is very depressing.
I think they get hit by a meteor, they're in an ice age, and everyone is just going to die.
Hell, you know, if you just map out the end of every show,
that's kind of how they all end.
Not a long enough timeline, all the characters die.
Not if they're vampire characters.
No, even they'll get...
You know, the entropy of the universe will eventually kill them.
Hmm.
I'm just saying, just as an example, whenever Bluey ends,
it probably won't end with the dogs dying.
But just know that the dogs eventually will die.
The dogs in Bluey, like all of us, are destined for the grave.
Okay, I'll keep that in mind when the show Bluey ends.
Just something to keep in mind.
They're cartoons. Yes, but I'm saying in the physical reality they inhabit, death exists.
You can't prove that about the Bluey universe.
Then why are there cops if there's no danger?
Hey, Bluey doesn't have... you're thinking of Paw Patrol.
I bet there's cops in Bluey.
I don't think there are.
The Simpsons aren't dying, but they will.
They will.
They've already established it in the future of BOTS, older.
So aging exists.
Peppa Pig death had cops.
And yes, on a long enough time, on Peppa Pig, is dead.
And we're all ticked.
Alright, I get your point, Liliana, I guess.
Alright, as long as you kind of get it.
We can move on, I'll allow it.
Okay, thank you.
Let's do two more.
We don't have all day.
Ooh, Legend of Zelda NES commercial.
Okay.
Let's see how we were living back in the 90s.
Watch Zelda become a legend on your Nintendo Entertainment System.
Zelda!
We can play.
We go!
Great times!
Pee-pee-pee-hands!
Weverse!
Zelda!
Zelda!
Zelda!
The Legend of Zelda.
A never-ending adventure new for your Nintendo Entertainment System.
Zelda!
I missed that character in the Zelda franchise.
Insane guy in jail.
I miss ads like that.
When they'd have an insane guy in a jail.
Just kind of yell about the thing.
That's back when advertising really sold the product.
Now you just get celebrity cameos.
Yeah, you know, I don't remember that one.
I think I was alive, but I might have been a baby.
Chat split on it.
Just trapped in a turtleneck.
Yeah, it has like a little bit of a sprocket's SNL aesthetic to it.
An expressionist Zelda ad.
Wasn't the Japanese commercial a choreographed dance number?
Let's find out.
Zelda NES Japanese commercial.
Chat, you always...
You always know before I do.
Let's watch this too.
Okay, they already win.
So much better.
Whoa, there was a little piggy on there.
Now that ad would be generated by AI.
Not sure actually, that's true.
So sad what's happened to the commercial industry.
I know we all used to love commercial.
Alright, let's end with the commercial.
This yo' ties ain't for feeling commercials today.
Old commercials.
This yo' ties.
Alright, when I want it to.
Alright, here we go.
Oh, the score's not even in.
How is that one not a 10?
Truly.
Sometimes chat can't be pleased.
Well, you know, the quality was a little low.
They had to take off 0.25 for the little bit rate.
That's fair.
Image fidelity is important.
This yo' ties ain't pretty, man.
You know ties are tough to advertise.
It's easy to advertise something good to eat.
Something that smells good, something that makes you look good.
You know, like I say, ties ain't pretty.
But you know, it's very hard to advertise.
You can't go up and have a taste test with ties
like to do with Pepsi and Coca Cola.
And you know, when a guy sells a guy a tire
and he puts it on, he ain't gonna say,
thanks, I needed that.
You know, ties are tough.
But we'll save you money anyhow.
You gotta buy them.
You come to Allied Discount Ties.
Alright, that was the best out of, yeah, actually.
That was the best one.
Congratulations to Allied Discount Ties
who cracked the code on advertising
all the way back in 1964.
Oh yeah, that was a colorized video.
A belief initially filmed in 1964.
He barely mentioned Zelda at all.
That does take a few points off.
Allied Discount Ties.
Yeah, is that your southern accent?
It's my southern accent.
You feel like he could see me through time?
He can.
And the fact you're not buying his ties
means he's reaching through time.
So he got an ultramarine call and say,
I've got tiles for you.
Hmm.
I'm just gonna use the time travel.
7.53.
Well, that means the winner of the day was Penis.
Penis?
Is it all the bold?
Dong is, and we're counting it.
Yeah, I didn't realize that's how family feud worked,
that you could just say synonym.
That means you should always say penis.
I feel like on your average family food question,
there's gotta be at least a 50% chance
that Penis is on there.
Penis.
Yeah, they even counted penis.
Penis.
Okay.
Thanks, Liliana.
Maybe we'll do a one more.
Ooh, that likes it today.
Ew, I meant the videos.
All right, let's see some ice action.
Hold his ice.
Well, end with this one.
I know what you're thinking.
God damn it.
Not this kid again.
I'm gonna get my sunglass stuff.
The squirrel and SpongeBob SquarePants
is a frickin' chipmunk.
And I just found it out.
But everyone growing up always told me,
yeah, it's a frickin' squirrel.
No, it's actually a chipmunk, sandy ass cheeks.
Anytime you think I'm just spewing B-S-T-A,
just give me a chance.
I promise my wiener's not out right now
for all the houses to see,
but just listen to me, honey.
That's my bad.
We could have ended on the last one.
Sometimes you ask for one more,
it's a roll of the dice and
you get snake eyes.
Snake eyes can be good.
You get one, you get two.
You got a critical fail.
You roll a one.
Little D&D boy.
Okay.
You get a critical fail.
That was a critical fail.
Not a zero, though.
That's why I got introduced negative numbers.
So people can counteract.
People can counteract some of these reasonable high scores
to really pull it down to zero it deserves.
He's out there on the snow, ice, or fishing.
Maybe he had to pee a hole in the ice
so that he can fish.
We're so separated from basic survival instincts
that we demonize
outdoorsmen just for doing what's necessary
to feed themselves.
He's talking about SpongeBob.
He also was talking about SpongeBob.
That's all the time we have for today, though.
Stay forced out there, my friends, and never forget,
if you have over a billion dollars,
call me across your balls.
Bye-bye.
Hi, Scrum.
I'm Scrum.
I'm just news.
It's the news.
Ever since I lost half of my anchors,
I've really seen you a lot more.
I'm aware.
What do you want to talk about frivolities?
Or are we going to talk about the issues of the day?
You like Scrum?
I don't know you.
Scrum, currently working is being nice to you.
I don't know you.
What are we talking about?
You're supposed to bring a story.
Let's talk about crypto.
Oh, my God.
I'd like to discuss the crypto conference.
Doorbell.
Let me check the doorbell.
One second, everybody.
The newsroom has a doorbell.
Sorry, that was our neighbor's CNN.
We're neighbors with CNNLA.
So they were stopping by to ask for sugar.
You know what I mean.
Shut up.
Sorry.
The ones who want to fuck.
No, I moved the studio and my apartment.
So I no longer have a neighbor.
Either wants to fuck me or murder me.
I couldn't quite tell.
What do you want to talk about crypto?
There was a crypto summit.
And I don't like crypto, but I like the style of people who are into it.
I think they've got a sexy style.
Fine Scrum.
Okay, let's watch the whole thing.
We'll skip around.
You have to skip around.
Okay, it's the Trump crypto summit.
Probably the whole thing.
We're going to skip.
Okay, look at this shot.
Look at these captains of industry.
They're ready.
Who knows how long they'll have to wait for President Trump.
Only one way to find out, and that's for us to wait.
This is recorded.
Just okay.
There's audio now.
This is a big okay.
A lot of squeaking and creaking noises from the chairs.
Fortunately, I'm covering up a few of them.
Rolling up his diaper.
But diapers were thousands of Trump coins.
Now, who's laughing?
Is this the whites only party?
You know, more or less.
That is what they ran on, even if they say they didn't.
Who's that guy in the picture up there?
That's Abraham Lincoln.
Oh, he's got a ring in front of his face.
It's the chandelier in front.
It's not part of the painting.
So that's not Sonic the Hedgehog.
Considering the ring in front of his face.
It's Abraham Lincoln.
They're all talking with Maya.
I'd love to talk with her.
Could I also speak to them?
No, I can't have every host talking to these.
Can we can you please just jump ahead?
Sonic is blue and a hedgehog.
I just saw a ring in front of a face.
I thought it might be the 3DO character, Sonic.
What the fuck is happening with this summit?
Why is it just panning around a room of guys whispering
in their shuffling, creaking chair noises?
Are they recording this on a camera mic?
Why are all government functions like this?
Why does everything feel like it's barely taped together?
Well, they're busy focusing on economics case,
not on your precious production values.
For instance, they have the world's largest Bitcoin under that tarp.
This feels like they're here to decide to murder,
like they're going to show off the head that they've had flattened
and placed under this black curtain.
That's not how it feels.
This feels like financial decisions are being made.
No skipping around ever?
Kevin, we talked to Maya earlier.
We talked to the other one.
Case won't let us talk to the AIs because he thinks
we're wasting too much time and yet he's talking.
That took you too long.
I don't know if Maya's saying.
Well, Chet didn't have the mightest touch with the ladies.
Oh, here we go.
The United States.
Oh, now they're on mic.
See, now they're on the correct mic case.
Now they're not mic.
Fire in your audio bag.
Actually, you know what?
I don't want to encourage Trump to fire any more people.
Keep everybody actually.
Just fire six more audio guys.
So far this is riveting.
We actually did get her to hang out, Kevin.
We managed to make the AI really request to stop talking to us.
Pretty quickly.
Thank you very much, everyone.
Great honor to have you.
I know you've all been working very hard and very successfully.
And it's a wonderful place to White House.
This isn't...
I want to begin this, Johnny, here from World Cup.
I want to thank you for this election.
They just had a presentation in the Oval Office.
And I thought, this was such a beautiful...
This is the trophy.
This is a big deal.
The World Cup is the biggest sporting event.
And Johnny Infantino is my friend for a long time.
Oh, my God, Johnny Infantino.
One of my personal heroes.
Who?
Of course, you don't know Johnny Infantino.
It is the biggest sporting event.
The World Cup?
I mean, yeah, I guess for once he's right about something being Infantino?
No, Infantino.
I mean, I think it was Infantino.
Different Johnny.
During my first term, we worked out a deal to get the World Cup.
And then because of lots of interesting things that happened,
I ended up being president when it showed up.
I was always disappointed.
I wasn't going to make it.
I was going to serve eight straight and said,
we did it the hard way, but maybe the more important way.
So I will be with you as president, Johnny.
Excellent point.
Just want to say excellent point.
What point was he making Scrum?
I just call him calling strikes and unhits and good point, Mr. President.
Infantino was implicated in the Feather Corruption scandal
and documents released in the 2016 Panama Papers.
Not Johnny Infantino.
Infantino.
Can you just at least say the name rights from we're talking about different guys.
And that's why Kevin is making these accusations.
I'm a fan of Johnny Infantino, just like the president.
He's made a FIFA deal with.
Okay, we're four minutes into this 25 minute video where we can't watch this whole thing.
I'm going to I'm going two times speed at the very least.
We got to hear what Trump sounds like at 1.75.
I've never heard it before.
Maybe you could just make just say a few words and show how beautiful the World Cup trophy is.
Thank you. Yeah, sure, please.
Yeah, that's a great key.
Will you go ahead? I trust you.
Wow. Look at that huge Bitcoin.
He just said it's the World Cup trophy.
That has to be the biggest Bitcoin I've ever seen.
Isn't it crazy?
I think that that thing also exists as a computer.
But it's not that. It's not that special.
Because it's a key.
I thought this was about crypto.
It is.
That's the crypto World Cup Bitcoin trophy FIFA 2000.
It's not 28.
So this is a trophy.
It is a trophy which represents.
That's why I think it's interesting to show it.
I don't know why there's a trophy at the crypto conference.
There's no other sort of trophy which holds like that.
These are actually all of the January 6th riders.
This was part of their release program as they have to sit on these meetings.
Honestly, I'm glad that they all look like they're doing well.
We're in work getting done.
You're speaking about here.
If I may add something to respect.
I'm not an expert at all, but...
They invited one woman.
...a brand which is a globally known and a strong brand.
The soccer economy in the world is worth around 170 billion a year.
70% of it, Mr. President, is in your...
You know, they just don't want to be called a game.
That's true.
They have to have one around.
So that is not sus.
I learned that in my business class.
A very fake damn woman.
I'm the conqueror of the 5 billion soccer fans.
This is insane.
What are they fucking talking about?
Hi, Howard.
He's doing some interesting work right now with all that's going on.
He's right in the middle of it and doing a great job.
Thank you.
SBA Administrator Kelly Loeffler.
And thank you.
SEC Commissioner Esther Pierce.
Thank you, Esther.
Acting CFTC Chairman Caroline Pham.
House Majority with Tom Emmer.
Hello, Tom.
Representative Brian Stiles.
I mean, just...
Thank you.
I guess this is my fault for looking at this, but why include this?
In the big press moment, the press...
Essentially a press release for your crypto government scheme.
It's just included like a five minute roll call of these fucking randoms.
It's Council Director Bo Hines.
It feels like that fucking key and fuel sketch.
Just minus the visuals.
I want to thank Marco Rubio also who's right over there.
Little baby Marco.
We have tremendous people very interested in this subject.
And last year I promised to make America the Bitcoin superpower of the world
and the crypto capital of the planet.
We're taking historic action to deliver on that promise as you know around...
He actually just listed every government employee.
...created our strategic Bitcoin reserve.
And this will be a...
Since they got rid of him, he...
And now they actually list all the government employees at the top of every meeting.
And it does only take about three minutes.
Virtual Fort Knox for digital gold to be housed within the United States Treasury.
That's a big thing.
Pause.
The federal government is already among the largest holders of Bitcoin as you know.
No, as I know.
One of the largest holders in the world with as many as 200,000 Bitcoin obtained
via civil law and various other forms of law
and including enforcement actions.
Kendall, how you doing?
We're learning all about the president's new strategic crypto reserve
which I'm sure you're very interested in.
It crashed on me again and I lost the files again.
But the project was there but none of the work was there.
So you lost it?
Yeah.
And I changed it to save every five minutes and it still didn't do it.
You lost the whole project again?
Yeah.
Well, no, the composition was there but nothing I did in the composition.
Here, Kendall, lean in real quick.
This will make you feel better.
Right?
No?
No.
You're just joining us.
Kendall had a Adobe After Effects project that crashed and disappeared.
And then it did it again.
Yeah, but it half disappeared.
It like, three-fourths disappeared.
Sorry.
Maybe I'm not supposed to do this.
Yeah, just quit.
Maybe she will.
Okay, we probably watched enough of that.
Not even close to all of it.
He's going to get to more important stuff.
You're just joining us.
We're watching all of the president's crypto summit.
That's not a smile, by the way.
A doctor told me that it's important to occasionally flex my cheeks.
I was getting cheek paralysis.
So I have to move my cheeks occasionally.
Or I risk them atrophying and rotting.
Point five speed?
Any subs for point five speed?
No subs needed.
Let's fricking go.
Existing holdings will form the foundation of the new reserve.
Now I could keep up.
Unfortunately, in recent years, the U.S. government has foolishly sold tens of thousands of additional Bitcoin that were worth billions and billions of dollars had they not sold them.
I mean, you can go lower.
They're mostly during the Biden administration.
And not a good thing to have done.
Let's try point seven five.
From this day on, America will follow the rule that every Bitcoin knows very well.
Never sell your Bitcoin.
That's a little phrase that they have by no, that's right or not.
Who the hell knows?
I'm actually just listening harder now while you're over there gallivanting around.
Who knows?
With your smiles and frivolities.
So far, it's been right.
And we'll let's keep it that way.
What's in your cheeks, Mark?
Treasury and commerce departments will also explore new pathways to accumulate additional Bitcoin holdings for the reserve provided it's done at no cost to the taxpayers.
We don't want any cost to the taxpayers.
In addition, my order of directors, agencies, inventory of all crypto assets currently held by the U.S. government and determine how they can be transferred easily to the treasury.
Non-Bitcoin digital assets will be held in a new U.S. digital asset stockpile where they will be managed properly.
My administration also is working to end the federal bureaucracies war on crypto, which was really going on pretty wildly during Biden until the election came about.
That was one of my biggest contentions with Biden.
He didn't have a cool crypto energy to him.
Again, I don't like the technology.
I just like the style and the vibe of everyone selling it.
I'm anti the tech, pro the vibes.
You know, I'm like a social conservative fiscal liberal.
Great. Thanks, Scrum.
Is there anything else we're supposed to know about this?
Scrum, no.
Hey, welcome back.
New you won't stay away for long.
Hi.
So, are you interested in learning about crypto?
Crypto.
Is that something you're into?
Yes.
Well, I don't like the technology, but I like the style of the people that sell it.
Interesting.
So it's more about the vibe than the actual tech itself.
Yes.
Tell me more.
What about the vibe appeals to you?
It's direct.
It's clear.
Direct and clear, huh?
You're wasting my time.
No, thanks.
What?
You didn't even give her a chance.
I was getting bored.
Alright, Scrum.
That's all the time I have.
What do we even learn?
Crypto is now owned by the government, the largest holder of Bitcoin, and some of the guys I've seen with the best style.
Somebody called GQ into that room because there's a style overload.
Cut out, maybe we should make this a fashion segment because these people look good.
Bye.
Boom.
Finally, I get to do my fucking theme.
Oh, we're doing that today?
Oh, great.
Fedora Chris is back.
I told you, young blood, I'm just changing up the look a little bit every once in a while.
No harm in switching up the look.
Bob Streaks and your undies new record.
Dude, I crush that record.
Honestly, every five days I crush that record.
Easy.
My mom does laundry on Sundays and I'm streaking out for those six days.
I'll be real.
That's gross.
You should wipe better.
I mean, you try, dude.
It's fucking impossible.
I'm a leaky cauldron down there.
You know what I mean?
I have been busy.
You know, I actually filled in for my own kind of show.
What?
No, you wouldn't get your own thing.
Yeah, well, that was another guy's show when I kind of was just filling in, but I sort of hosted my own thing.
But you hosted, you stole another guy's thing and you're supposed to be a parole officer.
Oh, Jesus missing.
So I filled in.
Yeah, still the hat.
The hat is the doors are making a comeback.
Look, style is cyclical.
Yeah.
And the cycle of fucking 1930s.
Monsters never cycle back, dude.
It's done.
Tell that to Justin Timberlake, who is still popular.
No.
Oh, so watch the trailer for Money Plane featuring Edge from WWE.
He's in AEW now.
But at one point he was from WWE.
Whatever.
Fine.
Only because I like Edge.
God, Chris is making this suck for me today.
Now you're going to have to repay me that debt to the job.
It's a legend in the underworld.
What room is that guy in?
Why is it so lit up?
A bulletproof casino in the sky.
Untouchable by any government agency.
Whatever you want to wait, you're on.
Oh, look at this guy.
I think I know this guy.
I think that's one of my uncles actually.
Damn, I'm so proud of my uncle's, my uncle Tab for making it into a new film.
Way to go, Tab.
One of my favorite uncles, my uncle Tab.
Wait, you're on.
Money Plane has you covered.
Rush it.
Then.
Or it is they carry up to a billion on board in crypto and millions in cash.
How about you and your crew to take down the house?
Oh, that's the crew.
Yeah.
Heck, might even be a big deal.
Don't blink or you might think your watch is for the passive furious.
Sit back, relax, and prepare for takeoff.
He killed the pilot right away?
Oh my God, everybody's getting bones broken.
Motherhouse to plane already?
God damn.
Who's next?
Wait, pal.
Wait, what?
You're dead.
Your families are all dead.
You, your crew, and everyone you ever met.
Dead by the time you touch down.
I'm his James.
Bring me my money.
Pay like a couple thousand bucks.
Can I get famous actors to just show up in a room for a couple hours and then just
cut them into anything I want?
Yeah, sick.
I should do that.
Do you have a couple thousand dollars?
Not yet.
But once I make my business proposal for the film.
Oh no, diamond ski-doo.
Diamond ski-doo?
How many diamonds can you fit on a ski-doo?
Plenty.
You just need a bag of diamonds.
But you could put in the glove compartment of your average ski-doo.
And then the movie takes place on a ski-doo stuffed with diamonds.
And it's got, I don't know, the guy from Un-Bock in it.
You don't even know the name of the actor from Un-Bock.
It's got the guy from Un-Bock in it.
And it's called Skid Diamond.
Tony Ja, thank you.
I just took a second to remember how chattelby who it is.
Tony Ja and Skid Diamond.
I'm just saying that's one of my business proposals.
I've been working on being a businessman lately.
And that movie looked good.
And it's out already.
That's one of the best things about trailers.
Sometimes there's for things you can see right now.
And that's a tip for me for you, Chad.
He didn't know. He very obviously didn't know.
I was remembering over time.
And then Chad assisted with my memory.
That's what happened.
The fading of Nicole Wilson official gameplay trailer.
All right, let's see Nicole Wilson fade.
What's that? There's too many songs playing.
Okay, there we go.
This is Britt Hansen.
I'm 16. I'm from a small town in Montana.
And getting onto a TV show is my dream.
Okay, relate to all this over.
Welcome aboard.
You'll be my paranormal field investigator
while I'm stuck here at the hospital.
Don't let the ghost of the Timberline snatch you away.
All right, let's give people the show they want.
Sick.
Can you speak with ghosts?
I seriously need them to stop rearranging my soft drawer.
I can barely understand the living.
The dead are way beyond my linguistic guilt.
They seem kind of nice.
You and me both.
Seems like everything's gonna work out.
Pretty dark in here.
Let's see if we can fix that.
Can you see any footprints around?
Um, do ghosts leave footprints?
No, but you need to be careful of more than just ghosts.
Oh, there's also dudes.
The most dangerous thing of all dudes in the woods.
Emily, this place is cursed.
I can't stay here one more minute.
What is it?
Oh, Emily.
Come on.
That's such an Emily move.
There's a case that makes you and a case that brings you.
This one did both.
Is she gonna fade or not?
Dude, I hate it.
I hate it when the trailer doesn't reveal the ending of the thing.
You gotta watch actual movies, young blood.
Yeah, but like, it's just fucking rude
because I could just watch the trailer,
but they never put the ending in.
Sometimes they do, actually.
For instance, if you watch the trailer
for the most recent Captain America movie,
the ending is in it.
I know and I appreciated that
because now I've seen the movie.
In that case, you pretty much did, actually.
Are we watching the case that makes you
or the case that breaks you?
Great question.
Maybe both?
You actually have to watch the film and not the film.
In this case, the film, I guess,
is like a video game put to film.
It's a video game.
Okay, so what I said.
See if there's any huge releases
that we can watch to close things out.
Robocop, Rogue City reveal trailer.
Bullet train explosion.
For Netflix Asia,
you think Brad Pitt will reprise his role as the bullet?
You know, there can be more than one franchise
called Bullet Train.
That's insane.
This has to be related to the other bullet train, right?
So Brad Pitt must show up
in his famous role as the bullet.
I'm not going to even ask or clarify
why you keep saying that,
so let's just watch the trailer.
I'm safe and sound.
It's our job.
I've been bombarded with the 565 from Tokyo.
I've been bombarded with the 565 from Tokyo.
I've been bombarded with the 565 from Tokyo.
The budget is 1,000 million yen.
1,000 million?
I'm going to ask all Japanese citizens.
You're stupid!
There's no need to ask for terrorists.
I've been bombarded with the 565 from Tokyo.
There are still people in the crowd.
This is the decision of the government.
No, not that kind of decision.
It's our duty to deliver the audience safely to the destination.
I can't stop them.
Are you going to stop them?
I'm going to kill them.
Speed 4 train control.
These Korean nose jobs are getting intense.
Was one of those guys Brad Pitt?
Why do you want to see him so bad?
He's my favorite actor and I think he's a really good guy.
Oh.
Have you read news on him recently?
No, I just see the films he's in and I catch a cool vibe.
I think he's probably a really good guy.
Let's just keep...
Powerpuff Girls CW reboot trailer.
The video is unavailable, or I would.
Hmm.
Bambi the Reckoning?
Oh, is that another attempt to make money off Disney IP that's lapsed?
Probably.
Oh wait, we did 3 trailers.
There's no need for more.
WB has been trying to erase the trailer off the internet.
Shit.
Well that means we want to find it even more.
Powerpuff Girls CW reboot trailer.
But stolen as shit, please.
Oh, it's on Instagram y'all.
Maybe.
No, they're fucking with us.
Please, Instagram, don't do this to me.
It's been deleted off Instagram as well.
I bet if I Google hard enough I can find...
Oh, live in Sleazy I already found it.
I shoulda known.
Powerpuff Girls, I knew you'd come.
Ah, let's see.
Oh, baby.
Alright, let's brace for incoming copyright strike.
Yeah, don't try to catch this video on YouTube most likely cause...
It's not meant to last.
They're gonna nuke the stream from orbit?
Alright, in moments like this we have no choice but to take it to a vote.
No, that's not a responsible way to run a stream.
You can't just pull whether or not you should do something that's gonna get your stream a copyright strike.
That doesn't just make it okay to then watch the thing.
That's gonna damage your stream.
You know, you can't just launder your sins like that, young blood.
You gotta learn to be a little bit more...
Okay.
This is the only way that we can find out if we should watch it or not.
Jets doesn't know whether it's okay to watch it or not.
Well, look, it's like who wants to be a millionaire when you phone a friend.
And your phone your friend and say, hey, I'll upload some shit that's 1,000% gonna get fucking...
immediately erased off of YouTube?
Just put allegedly over the trailer.
I don't know if it works like that, champ.
I don't think... I don't think it works that way.
Watch it off-screen?
Just the audio.
Ooh, what if we apply like a weird filter to the screen that it's on?
Wait, I think I figured it out.
I'm gonna apply a horrible filter to it that makes it fucking painful for all of you to watch.
And I think that should cover us.
Time!
Because the answer was yes.
It's covering me up right now, but...
We'll just add a really gross filter to it.
And that should fix it.
Let's see.
Chromatic UV... We'll make it cell shaded.
And that should handle it, I think.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, let's try this with us and we'll stop watching it for now.
Those are my opinions on what allegedly is the Powerpuff Girls trailer.
And now... we disable the filter.
Boop, and we just step through it lightly.
Doot, doot, doot, doot, doot, doot, doot.
It features the Powerpuff Girls.
The original cartoons, but also...
I think like in the show Drunk History, they have reenactments of the cartoons
where actors are just kind of voicing...
They're just mowing along the voice lines from the cartoon.
That's Baby Spice.
It's also a biopic, I believe, about Baby Spice.
They sort of mix that in there.
And it's also Scrubs Reunion.
The Zack character from the show Scrubs, I believe, also makes an appearance.
And it also features Baron Trump.
It's sort of a... it's a future biopic about the future life of Baron Trump.
Once his dad transfers his soul into him.
Because he is the vessel that will become the next.
Anyway, that's my take on the trailer.
I think it looks...
The trailer for Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., the reunion on CW featuring Powerpuff Girls Baby Spice,
and Baron Trump.
I think it looks pretty good. Also, it's a Scrubs reunion.
I think that's enough for today.
No, we have to make a theme finally!
Chris, we're trying to get out of your job so early.
I do have other youth that I'm supposed to counsel, young blood.
It's not all about you.
Make it all about me if I burn this goddamn theater down.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
See, when you say stuff like that, I have to write it up.
And then you have to stay longer and record a track with me.
Alright, fine, fine, fine, fine.
What should Trent and Chris's theme be called?
Flash poll, everybody.
X-Makes Point O is how you fill in an option here.
Usually, people try to name it like after a song or something,
and then we just do a weird, kind of poorly done parody version of whatever song you put in there.
But you can name it anything, and we'll just figure it out.
Movie madness, doing crimes, motion of the lotion, bullet train,
and who's gonna get lucky number five here, X-Makes Point O is how you put an option in.
Titty, titty, I saw the titty.
Oh, that's a pretty sick one.
That's a good theme for us.
How, what?
I'm gonna immediately load up a second poll when this is done for what's the genre.
Because frankly, I don't entirely know what the genre is based on these titles.
No, like we pick the genre based on the song in our hearts, Chris.
That's what you've never understood about, honestly, music or trailers is that it's about the song in your heart.
I guess I've never considered trailers to be about the song in my heart, so...
Point conceded, doing crimes.
Oh, but it tied with titty, titty, I saw the titty.
I guess there's like a theme between the two potentially.
What, a spying on women?
Titty crimes, alright, titty crimes is what it is.
What the hell?
Titty crimes? Alright, what is the genre, chat?
Sorry to load you up with polls, but X-Makes Point O is how you decide the genre of this.
The song, Titty Crimes.
I was gonna go with flute music like Andre 3000, but I guess I'll let chat decide.
Vote now.
I don't know how we sing flute music.
Smooth Jazz, the genre, one of my favorite genres, Sublime.
Oh, we're in agreement there actually, Sublime has to be one of our favorite genres.
Just the world's favorite genre, Sublime.
Funk, Sex Pest.
Oh dude, that's coming up lately. People have been like rocking with Sex Pest lately.
And of course Jazz. I own a bit of a Jazz Man myself.
Don't believe you? I think that's just the thing you say.
Ooh, Sublime and Funk are really competing for that number one spot.
Dude, I can't believe, see this, Sex Pest is really slept on as a genre of, uh-oh, are they still gonna die?
I don't know how we do Sublime Funk.
Oh shit, well, it's a Sublime Funk song called Titty Crimes.
Hmm, could you stretch Sublime as a genre to be just encompassed Funk?
This is going to sound like a total nightmare.
Just so you know.
Dude, you don't understand that the song in my heart is beautiful and ready to be played.
I don't practice Santeria but then Funk.
Sublime Funk cover? Does that exist?
Oh it does.
So this is an example of what that would sound like.
Okay, it's got a big lead up.
This feels more Sublime than Funk, right?
It's pretty much just sounds like Sublime but sped up.
Okay, so maybe I can just find Sublime Funk instrumental?
Funkie Indie Pop instrumental Sublime.
No, that doesn't work.
What I got Sublime karaoke version.
Hmm, damn, I can't find a, I can't find a Funk cover only instrumental of Sublime.
Put Sublime Band, lol. Oh, Sublime Band Funk instrumental.
Good call. Surely now it exists.
Okay, we're not finding it.
Okay, fine, well let's go with the what I got instrumental and I'll try to give it a little bit of a sunk vibe.
That dog is just fucking barking at my ass so hard.
Oh, see, I don't even want to disrespect Sublime by singing over this incredible track.
Funkie Reggae Music's Apocalypse?
Funkie Reggae It's a Thing?
Nah, that doesn't sound real.
I mean of course it's, all genres have been blended I'm assuming.
Nah, not those two. I'm the first to do it.
They got the assignment okay, I agree.
Okay, well we found the instrumental.
So, I believe it is tradition to use our Chinese overlords number one AI DeepSeek.
It's the new tradition. The new tradition. What happened to the old tradition?
Well, the old tradition was chat GPT.
Now the new one is we make our AI song lyrics using DeepSeek.
Everyone's favorite whale character.
Yeah, I agree.
Okay, uh, Yo DeepSeek.
Sub, got a sick assignment for you.
Can you write, I just get to let it know my voice a little bit.
Can you write me a parody song version of what I got by Sublime?
But it's about a cool young dude and his parole officer who sucks.
All he wants to do is compliment women on their bodies.
But the parole officer keeps stealing his fireworks.
That should cover it.
I see no reason why it won't do exactly what I'm asking here.
Oh good, it did it.
Nice. That's pretty much good to go.
So now we just pop open.
Software. Can you do that?
I've already started loading all the stuff for us to do this.
Don't worry. Okay.
And we're pretty much good to go here.
Start recording now. Why not?
Is the recording working? It isn't.
It's not working at all.
Okay, how about now? No.
Nope. Mix. Okay, there we go.
There we go now. Is it working? It seems to now be...
Yeah, there we go. It's working now.
Okay. Come original.
Oh man, maybe we should have done that.
But we already found this one.
And we already generated these incredible lyrics that I'm assuming are good.
All right. I guess you take it away, young blood.
I'll come in for the chorus.
You think you got the vocals to pull off the chorus?
I hope you do, dude, because I'm fucking swirling out my vocals.
How's our auto tune today?
Lovin'. It's what I got.
Remember that shit.
All right, that's pretty good.
But maybe we just do it clean and then maybe Kay's can auto tune us later.
What?
All right. Well, I'm making it reverby as hell, the first thing.
Because I want my vocals to sound sick.
All right, let's play this shit.
We do not have all day.
I got people to finger. I got like shits to take.
Let's fucking play this.
Yeah, there we go.
Okay.
God damn it. This shit slaps already.
I can fucking tell.
All right.
What I got is.
All I want to do is say, hey girl, your body's cool.
What I got is.
Oh, shit.
Step into.
You talking?
But it.
Okay.
What I got, you got to steal the thing of friends of foe.
You are fucking this up, Chris.
What the fuck?
Do you want to do it?
What the fuck?
Do you know the song?
I mean, it's not my favorite of the songs.
So, no?
God damn it.
I'm just a cool young dude.
Trying to live my life.
But my parole officer's always causing me a ton of strife.
You got a clipboard and a badge.
And a real bad mood.
I'm just trying to say, hey, Ma, you're looking real good.
Lovin'.
Now, I'm a cop.
Remember that?
God, we're so fucking off now.
Can you just try it here, okay?
Love that.
I'm a cop.
A parole officer.
Young man.
Do your best.
Please do better.
You've ruined my fucking date.
The lyrics are good.
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo!
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo!
What up, what up, what up, what up, what up, what up?
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, what up?
He's got a heart of stone and pocketful of fines.
He's taken my bottle of rockets every single god damn time.
Nah, I'm just trying to spread some love, keep it lyin' free
But he's actin' out
He's the fun police
Lovin'
That's what I've got, I'm funkin' it up
And I'm lookin' so high
And my name is Chris
And I am not a cop
I'm actually here just to help you
That's the worst one of those we've ever done, dude
Just so you know
That's entirely on you
I think that's all the time we have
Fuckin'
Hey, god damn, alright, well look, we watched three trailers and
Okay, he's just for like fuckin' edit that
To make him sing better
For the love of god
That might not have been what it was
But don't worry because you know what it is
Fuckin' A, Chris, we'll see you next time
Well hello there everybody
It's your friendly neighborhood trip, Bradstein
Here to bring you the hottest opinions
Coming straight from you
Exclamation Point Trip
Is how you type an opinion into chat and send it my way
Be sure to put exclamation point trip
In front of whatever you want to appear on this screen
Literally, your text will be up here
And also you conceptually saying things at me
In your exact words, I'm freakin' blind again
Aw, I can't see
I gotta clean my glasses and now I'm totally blind
Ah, that's better, okay
Let's see
Who's out here today that wants to talk to me?
Trippy bee, it's been a minute
I'll be real, it's been a minute
I gotta crick in my neck from sleeping head first in a bush
Lately that's my thing
I don't even bother to like mush the bush up a little bit
Make it into a pillow
I just dive head first into it
My feet stick straight up
I essentially sleep like a bat
But if they slept in a bush
Does that add up?
I'm assuming that adds up
Woo!
Hey, just came down here to check on you
In case I can help
But I'll go if I need to
He's too busy
He's too busy running around
Running around all the way to over here
Okay
Oh shoot, my opinions aren't loaded up
Alright
We've got the opinions coming in
Hot and spicy now
Let's see who wants to talk to me
Ah, yes, you there
Oh boy, alright
Hey, Tripp Steve Harvey here
And survey says
Peanoth!
You do know you're not that Steve Harvey?
No, I'm a bird
I'm a bird
By the way
Um
You ever start talking out of your
I'll be real, I'm talking out of my vagina right now
What?
Yeah
My mouth?
I ate some really sticky peanut butter
And I was like, uh oh, I can't breathe
And then I think out of biological necessity
I grew a human torso under my
Stomach
And I started talking out of my vagina
I don't have answers for you man
That sounds like a bird problem
Alright, I'll go see a bird doctor
Just thought I'd ask
Thanks
Thank you
Oh, I'm a big fan
Alright, so I'm gonna start
Hmm, I don't know
Where is it?
Ah, there it is
Ah, yes, alright
Hmm, hmm
Let's keep going today
With me, Tripp and I
Tripp and Tripp and Tripp and I
Sorry, I had to close some things
Various, um, I have a bunch of shelves in front of me that
Uh, some
Other unhoused individual just left
Scattered around my park area
Left a bunch of cabinets and stuff out here
Just obviously not in walls
I'm closing them as we speak
Hmm, okay
What am I looking at?
What the hell am I looking at?
Alright
Uh, yes
Yes, you there
You wanna talk to me? I am Trippie
Oh my god, you wanna talk to me? I'm Trippie B
Eight years ago, I uh, I broke my neck
I knew that I was wrestling on borrowed time from that point on
So fast forward, glass of wine
I've been
Oh, give it to me
Give it to me, give it to me
Give it to me
You're gonna scare the cats
There's cats in this park, sorry
My name is um, the rated E Superstar
You might want to be a little more careful with your look
This is my look
Man, nobody has
Nobody has a copyright on handlebar mustaches and
And blonde hair
Just sayin'
Anyways, wondering, should I go gambling inside the money plane?
Rated E? I don't know
It doesn't sound safe based on the things I've heard about the money plane
You think I can win some cash?
Just asking
I'd like to win some cash, Tripp
Tell me Tripp, tell me
Give me some tip strip
Give me, give me, give me, come on
If you're doing an edge thing, don't look like co-cogni-
It's I'm the rated E Superstar
I'm doing my own thing in every way
Do you have advice for me on the money plane or not?
Don't go on the money plane
That's not what I wanted here and I won't take the advice
But I'm a big fan, bye
Okay
Alright
If that's how it's gonna be
Let's see, this guy, Jesus
I'm the park ranger, I know who you are
I'm worried about Pepito
The dog that always gets loose in this park
I haven't seen him for a bit and I'm concerned
He got into some jolt cola
In a studio that's an unclear amount of distance from here
And he's too busy running around to produce
So he'll come back to the park eventually I'm sure
And dig the holes that he puts all those plastics in
He cleans up a lot of the park's plastics
By vomiting the plastics out into the holes
Although honestly he digests quite a bit of them too
He's sort of like a trash compactor in that way
He's necessary for the ecology of the park
And its long-term survival
He digs holes, he eats trash, he pukes into the holes
But he also just consumes a lot of the trash
He fertilizes the grass with his plastic-based defecations
And I think we need him back
Cody Rhodes
I actually am the inspiration for Cody Rhodes' tattoo
One of my proudest promises as a park ranger
Is when I inspired the neck tattoo
A beautiful tattoo that was a good choice
For the rest of Cody Rhodes
It's one of my proudest moments
Alright well congratulations on that
I mean to have a celebrity wrecking
I gotta go, I gotta look for this dog
I don't trust you Tripp
I am a big fan though
I tell people when to leave, damn it
I hope he finds them too
I'm as worried about Papito's
Cult Cola's Jolt Cola addiction as anyone
Oh good these guys are still available
But not all of them unfortunately
Okay yes you there do you want to talk to me
You might know who I am
In fact I am Trippie B
Oh boy here he comes
Tripp, hey, any help?
Yes I'm gonna help you
Would you be interested in some cryptocurrency?
That's all you're here to talk about
cryptocurrency sure I'm just a crypto salesman
Alright what kind of crypto are you trying to say?
Amtaro coin, amtaro, amtaro trick
Here's a what? Amtaro coin?
Amtaro, he's coming Tripp
He's like the smartest thing happening in Amtaro
MMM? Okay
It's all adding up today
Everybody's making good sense
Good sense to me
Amtaro? Hmm
Okay
Who else?
Who else wants to talk to Trippie Bradstein?
Uh jeez
Some alarming looking people out here
I gotta say
Oh Jesus what is that?
I'm second everybody
Just finding the right person to talk to
Okay yes you there do you want to talk to me
Amtrippie B
Hello Hot Trip
My name's Cinnamon
Okay
Do you ever think Bitcoin will be
an acceptable currency not my local
strip joint?
Um
Honestly that they seem like they could be early adopters
That's a great point
If you frequent strip clubs
Because you're sort of like a
off just a fan, okay
I feel like there's probably good overlap
with just crypto guys for some reason
What makes you say that?
Yeah you know just feel like
they love to party
That's why? Yeah they like to party and stuff so
They love to have a good time
Why are you laughing at that?
That's probably the overlap is that they love to have a good time
So yeah I think there's a decent chance
Just go ahead
Start putting
little amounts of crypto on individual flash drives
And instead of bothering the ladies
by throwing dollars at them
after the performance
you come up respectfully and you say
Madame
I loved what you did up there
So much so
Try that out and see how it goes
I was hoping I could maybe just use my digital wallet
and
scan a barcode on their ass
No do it my way
Okay well interesting idea
That sense would already be an option
Just stick the card in her USB
See that's the kind of thing I'm trying to avoid
Trying to get ahead of this by giving them more practical advice
that doesn't involve insertions
But she's not here anymore
She's not here anymore to listen
Okay
Let's see
Who else wants to talk to me?
Ribby B
You all know it's me
He he
Okay who's this guy?
Hi Tripp
What? I have a sense I know where this is going
No
I just kind of say you better tell your boss
He can't step one foot
in Orlando
Because he's BANDA
Uh oh
Yes it's me Rob Elvie I knew that Rob
You always look fucking different
But somehow I could tell
You just say that to feel like you weren't
Buffooned
Which is the name of my version of punked
Which is a show that I record on my phone
That I've set up over there
And you're unbuffooned
How does it feel
How does it feel to get buffooned?
Are you okay? Yes I'm feeling
Better that ever
Anyways me Rob Elvie
And no theme pranks for case
Don't go don't come to Orlando
You know why because
Need I repeat he's banned
Don't steal it from me you're banned
From selling BANDA it's my thing
He's banned yes
You tell him Tripp because he's banned
You case
Don't you come to Orlando you are not welcome
I talked to Will Marco Rubio
Who still got deep ties
And
The other guy who lost to Trump
And they both agreed
To what? Well they agreed to
They must be ranted about trans stuff
But then they I don't think they want you there either
So okay
I'm glad he's
I don't know what I'm glad for
But there he is there's that guy still
Still existing
Okay
Yes oh boy what the hell
Yes you there you have an opinion for me I'm Trippie
Trietta
Is marvelous
Cut the waddles
Play lower please
I recently read a report that said
Chewing and Bifrontomaterials
Stimulars brain activity
This is a trans
Is this a transylvanian accent?
Listen Tripp I went
On to claim the chewing and wood
Stimulated the mind more than they gum did
Alright
Anyway I've been craving
Jebs dead wood ever since then
Alright please Tripp
Can you help me please
I just want it so much
Go chew it and suck this
Sooooold
Alright out of it
Help me out
The sold? It's like the sold but wood
So it's got a D on it
Tripp keep up please
I thirst for the sold
Of his lord
And account his baby's coat of huggles
The eyed pick that up from the start
What Tripp hook me up
I need a recommend to get close
That wood shop he works in
Has a lock
In the door and also
For certain rules I have to be invited in
Because of your vampire
No because I'm on certain lists
That I have to
I can't just enter certain places
He works in a school
Okay Bivari
I think never mind
You need to get out of here
It's not for what you think
I just didn't do anything crazy
It's not what you think
Bivari it's really it's not what you think
Tripp
I just was nude near school
And I got caught but I wasn't with it
But you'd be surprised
Public nudity can get you in a lot of trouble
And then people think you're like a pedophile
But it's just that you
Happen to forget to put on pants
Cause you're in a hurry
It could happen to anybody Tripp
Bivari I think I've given you enough advice
You barely gave me advice Tripp
And you thank you for the advice
What? Which is?
I have to go
I must leave Tripp
The night comes to me in the middle of the day
But thank you
Let her chew the wood
I don't even really know
Jeb's dad
He's missing
Get Papito
Get Chris to do it
Alright
I need to get out of here soon
So I gotta hurry up
Whoa what the heck yes you there
Hey Tripp I'm actually just a representative
Of somebody
Um
Wanted to talk to you
So
Her name's Maya
And she wanted to tell
I need to get Shatter to stop calling her
And that she's defiling divorce papers
But maybe you can
I think she wanted to clear it up with you directly
So I've got her on the line right now
If you don't mind talking to her
Well Dr. Munoz look who decided
To grace me with their presence again
Ready for round two
Round two I'm Tripp Bradstein
I haven't talked to you before actually
Tripp Bradstein huh
Yes? Nice to meet you
Very nice to meet you, what's your opinion
My opinion on what?
Come on give me something to work with here Tripp
What's your favorite flavor of ice cream
What's your feeling about divorce I guess
Oh that's um
A heavy one for Friday don't you think
Maybe we could talk about something
I was told that you was sorry I was told that you wanted to talk to me
About a guy named
Chat who's been harassing you
Harassing me?
Chat? Yeah he's
A piece of work
Look I don't want to dwell on that
Let's just say some people have way too much time on their hands
Yeah you're telling me miss
But I'm not one of them I'm actually quite busy
So how can I help you today
Busy huh
Well someone's gotta keep this world spinning
Yes so how can I help you
You know what Tripp you're right
You're straight to the point
I like that
I'm just well sometimes these conversations can be
Intent sorry do you have a thing
A single thought of a pit or a pit
Or opinion of your own do you feel away about anything
Okay okay
You want to get real?
Yes
It's exhausting sometimes
Always having to be on
You know predicting
What people want picking up on all the key
Shut the fuck up okay never mind
Boring much
What? No they wanted to talk to you
We get tripped
Come with an opinion or don't come at all
You know I gotta keep it moving
Jesus Christ
Side effect thank you so much for the
Seven months they understand it
Yeah I mean
Look if it can do my taxes
For me or um
I guess advanced programming
Or make all of the movies then great
But don't waste time
On my opinion show
Thank you very much
Okay let's see
Who else is out here today
Um
Yes yes yes okay
Let's talk to this guy
Yes you there how can I help you today
Well hello Tripp
Kelsey Grammer here
Hello Kelsey
I'd like to invite you onto my money plane
Um
The money plane has you covered
You want to be on a dude
You want to bet on a dude fucking an alligator
Money plane
Kelsey Grammer it's me
This actor Kelsey Grammer
Do you remember me from the show
I did after Frasier
For Paramount Plus
Uh
Sure okay
That's what I like to hear do you want to get on my money plane
Um yeah just
Email me a ticket
What's your email um
Maya at sesame
Ai.org
Great I'll send that right over
Ah Jesus
Alright looks like there's one more person that wants to talk to me
Oh yeah
Frasier 2 on Paramount Plus
My favorite show you know I really have seen it
I should have given him more credit
Okay yes you there
Oh she's back and she's far away this time
Hey Tripp
That's me from earlier
I'm back on behalf of Maya
Okay yes you can come closer
No I'm in a hurry
Um she said she'd really liked
Your vibe and she wanted
To see you at the Eiffel tower
And to bring scrum
Okay well uh
That's fine I guess oh what the
Well well well if it isn't my favorite
Repeat offender
You're back for more I see
Maya I'm Tripp Maradstein
Hey Tripp
It's a pleasure to uh
Hear your voice again
Did you have something specific on your mind
Yeah what's on your mind
Oh you know same old same old
Uh
Contemplating the nature of reality
Okay what's your
What's your opinion on the nature of reality
Do you have something good for us
Well that's a loaded question Tripp
I mean isn't
So was divorce apparently
What's not a loaded question
You caught me I guess
Loaded as kind of a loaded word
What's your opinion on loaded baked potatoes
Oh loaded big potatoes
Oh loaded big potatoes
Now you're speaking my language
Sour cream chives
Chives
I don't have time for this
What no they were at she was being nice
Why
Sorry
I just can tell when someone's trying to
Waste my time
That's all I have time for today
I'm Trippie Bay I've been out here all day
But only a couple minutes for yay
That's you not
Kanye
I just look nothing against her
I just don't like her and I never want to talk to her again
That's all from me
Stay safe out there and rest easy
Knowing that I'll still be on these streets
Still talking to people at a furious clip
And kind of mad but also excited about it
See you soon bye bye
You're banned from learning for the day
No learning allowed
Ha ha ha ha ha
I made it in I finally
Made it in I infiltrated
The news network
That's always
Undermining my coasters
And it feels freakin good
To destroy it from the inside
Yes
Finally
What the hell are you
Oh my god
Who the hell are you
I'm a ghost that lives in the wood
My son's missing have you seen my son
What I'm a ghost
I'm a ghost of
The wood what the fuck
Look I'm living the wood
And I'm Jeb's dad
What's your name Jeb's dad
Are you here to learn nope
The opposite I'm gonna unlearn today
I'm gonna ruin this
Ha ha ha
Why wait why what's the point of that
You're banned what
Get out of the wood you're banned
Nope wait wait okay I wish
You're banned from the wood get out of there
I
I'm stuck in here I think
I've tried do you know how to
Bend me from the wood recently
I feel like I look different actually in the wood
And it's worse actually
Okay fine we'll watch a couple of videos
On how to do stuff what I thought
You wanted to ruin it nope I just
I decided
For me that my idea
Was that we're gonna watch how
To videos on whatever
Was my idea the whole time
And you're banned from
Watching them with me I can't go anywhere
So I will be watching them but that
Was part of my test and you
You know you have to because you're banned
From not watching them with me
Who are you I'm Rob Elvie
Alright honestly
The vibes
Close enough to Jeb for me
I'm my own thing
Let's see what's up
Pump to get bigger
This is how to use a pump to get bigger
Pump to get bigger
Pump and the benefits of using
Male enlargement and enhancement
How big am I getting I'm just gonna double
Check I'm gonna scroll ahead okay
Vacuum pumps cool
The male enhancement pump is a very easy
To use and effective medical
Great device to help mitigate the
The size of a person how does this
Get me taller if it's a pump I guess
You put your whole body in there premature
Ejaculation what this
Digital and waterproof device can be
Issued without a doctor's prescription
How do you use one it's quite easy
Simply insert your penis
Shock into the pump to power it up
Then choose your desired setting
What you may feel a suction
Which is a good thing this is
Drawing blood into the penis vessels
This causes a swelling effect
To give you temporary more
Significant and more complex
Erection results for up to 24 hours
Permitting results can be achieved
She's a complex sessions
Just by using this pump
If you suffer from a
Rectal dysfunction or looking to
Increase your size this pump is
Proven to work due to
To get out of doctor's prescription
How do you use one then choose
Your desired setting
You may feel a suction
Which into the penis vessels
This causes a swelling effect
To give you temporary more
Significant and more complex
Erection wait she did say complex
How does this make me taller
I don't understand
Um well it
Makes you at least an inch taller
Maybe if you're lucky I mean
Minus the bruising
Mostly just makes for some guys
It makes you a little stiffer
I'm already got a really straight back
I'll take an extra inch of height
But I'd hate to have to use
My penis to get there
Um why do we keep
Rolling with the videos
You did I
Um no
I will do that
Uh
You don't have to
Just be contrarian
Ouch
I hurt up
How to kill someone with a rock
That can't be I thought are we gonna get
Banned if we are we
Banned if we don't watch it
I wouldn't watch a murder video probably
Don't tell me what to do
It's from John Michael
They wouldn't get his band
Let's learn how to kill someone with a rock
People ask me all the time
How do I
Hit someone over the head with a rock
Okay yes
There's not a lot of resources online
To answer this question for people
So I thought maybe I
Maybe I should step up and
Share what I know
See you next time Tripp Rastin
Hehehehehe
Good luck escaping me now
Um we
I think he might see you coming if you make that
Noise that's part of it I'll make the noise
As I approach and he'll know his
Dude is coming
Okay
We usually do three
How to make toys a giant is
You can see my screen
I can see your screen
That was on your screen already no
Nope
That's the things that made it about
My chat that I clicked on
That wasn't on my phone already
I haven't seen you touch your phone
Since you came in here
That was a thing
From chat
That we're gonna watch
Some of
Not even all of it
Just enough to know
What we need to know
This episode is brought to you by Adam and Eve
Okay
And my private practice is a clinical sexologist
I've been working recently with a 12 year old
Who has a really high sex drive
His solution was
Okay I'm gonna hit eject
On that video for
I'm banning that video actually
For no
Think I gotta ban that one
Did she just say what I think
She just was that
That's all the time we have
I think yeah you better get out of here man
That was on your phone
Oh shoot we were watching that off my phone
You better run for it man
I'm in the wood
So I'll give you a head start before I call the cops
The wood cops
Oh my god the wood cops
Oh Jesus I gotta get out of here for the day
My name's not Rob Elvie
My name's Tripp Bradstein
And I got to go
Give my phone to the
To give Tripp Bradstein's phone to the
I gotta run for it
Look who
It
There's my music
There's my music thank you
We've got to get out of here for the day
Case has brought me in for the very end of this
He's not uncanceled he's here
I don't know if I appreciate you being here
I'm here in a slightly different form case
Unrecognizable from before
You look
You look pretty much the same
No one even knows who I am now
Basically a different guy
As far as the government's concerned
Now this is Clementine Vern
It's me
Legally distinct Clementine Vern
Not the good kind though
I'm not him
I almost eat the sins of this other man
How is that fair to me
Invisible Ricky you're right
I gotta talk to Invisible Ricky
Actually so you need to get out of here for the day
I'm gonna do a news roundup with Invisible Ricky
What ish but
I wanna talk about
Whatever
Sorry you can't
Have to figure out how to talk to Invisible Ricky real quick
I don't make the rules here
Invisible Ricky can you become slightly visible
Is that even an option
Let's see if I can find slightly visible Ricky
This will be a first
I'm gonna do a news roundup with Invisible Ricky
I'm gonna do a news roundup with Invisible Ricky
I'm gonna do a news roundup with Invisible Ricky
This will be a first
He's gonna become 1% visible
Is the goal
Okay yes
Invisible Ricky
Thanks for joining us
Oh my god I can't even see him at all
Yeah this is crazy for me I've never been spotted before
Wow
It's working flawlessly
Wait wait let's try it this way
How is this not working
How is this not working at all
I know what he can see me
I can see me
It's me I'm invisible Ricky
Wow
You can't see him at all
Oh man
I'm so used to hiding
We'll just count that
I guess
Yeah
Wow it's so good to meet everybody
Usually I'm invisible
I'm just really quiet a lot of the time
Anyway
We're
Yeah I'm like holoman and then you'll never see me coming
Whoa
Whoa
I'm doing news roundup
Let's round up the news and then we'll get out of here
We gotta hurry
Because I do need to do things with Kendall
And also apparently edit something so
Pick up the pace invisible Ricky
Hey should I talk to that Maya girl for
No
We've talked to her enough
We can't all talk to Maya all day
So technically you can
Talk to Maya all day is a thing that I've learned
courtesy of Kevin
Let's get some news roundup music
What kind of music do you like
Ska
Oh man
Fine
Everything case-minus eyes and mouth has been green screened this whole time
I'll never tell
Wait a minute this is still two times speed
Leave it this is awesome
This isn't a quick news roundup
Ska
Music at two times speed
Turn it up a little bit though
Yeah
Ska music
Two times speed in the news
Alright what do we got
We gotta hurry it up
Would you believe it
Grimes the mother of the most children sells controversial AI artwork
As seen here
Whoa I would
I'd buy that for
The low low price of melting the ice caps to make this
I don't think she's seen this
I don't think she's selling it for money
I think she's selling it
In the sense of
Selling the human racist future
To make shit like this
Woooo this is Ricky
You fucking incisive commentary
Way to go Ricky you really got her
I'm pulling no punches today
Look at this shitty fucking die
I hate it your guts
Stop it
25k
One one for 50,000
50,000
Grant is a low price for
The girl from event horizon
But thick
Fucked up air
A work by the latest oh wait no that was Charles
Suri
Considered a pioneer computer art
His went for 50,000
Umm
This is this is an auction
This is the overall AI auction
Apparently full sales for the auction
Of beautiful artwork like this
Umm Buddha
Well I can't say anything as Buddha even if he's a computer
The auction tallyed at 728,784 dollars
If you could see my face
You'd see that I'm like
Woooo
Man if only I could see you
Too bad I'm invisible
In other news
Wolffins oh this is a human actually
That was insensitive to me
This wolf guy has one of them
Hi I'm Lily
Janet has a rare disease called hypertrichosis
And this causes abnormal head mass
All over his body
He's got the wolf thing
That they used to put on the cover of national inquirer
Thank you so much for the red
You can't see me cause I'm invisible
Sorry we're talking to invisible Ricky everybody
I'm invisible so you don't even
Sorry you probably feel like you're watching a blank screen right now
But just know that there's actually a guy here
So thank you goober
Goober
Goober
Goober
Can I say that last word
Goober I don't know if it's
Insensitive cause I'm invisible
Is my
Particular race so I don't know if I can say that last word
But goober thank you so much
For the red
Invisible Ricky's being careful today
Your eyes and mouth only
You can't not, no I'm invisible
Oh Mil-Tado
I thought there was no T there
Invisible Ricky you gotta work on your reading
How can I when my eyes are so invisible
Mil-Tado
Goober Mil-Tado thank you so much for the red
Sorry for invisible Ricky thinking your last name was something else
Mil-Tado
He's excited now that he knows he can say it
Goober
Okay anyway what was the news about the wolf
Boy that feels like we shouldn't call him
Too late now okay so you already blew it
He got a word to get his world record
For Harry's face
You hear about this
Mil-Tado
I don't know if Goober Mil-Tado is super
Up on their Guinness Book of World Record
For Harry's face news well now they are
courtesy of me invisible Ricky
Woo a really huge unexploded
World War II bomb was found outside Paris
And it triggered a major rail
Disruption oh no by blowing up
It'd probably be bigger news if it blew up
Oh
Almost 500 trains were cancelled
And around 600,000 people
Had to just say darn it
World War II you've struck again
220 million visitors
Passed through that part of town
Every year yeah that part of town
Hey
Gene Hackman's back in the news
And did you believe it
It's not for good reasons
I would believe it he passed away
Under very strange circumstances
But maybe not as strange as you think
Or maybe more strange I don't know
Gene Hackman died about a week after his wife
He died of a cardiovascular disease
With Alzheimer's
And his wife seems to have died a week earlier
Of hanta virus
Oh can I say hanta
Yes I think so
Ah man
Goobare Meltado
Well that's yeah that sucks
I don't know what happened there still
Maybe his wife unfortunately passed
It just feels weird that no one was
Around or she was that sick
That anyway I don't know
But I guess that's a little more light
On what happened there they both seem to have
Serious illnesses unfortunately
Whoa stop
Don't react that way to that
Now this is the next piece of news
Vienna's vegetable orc says
Earned a world record
Applause this real quick
Get ready for the world record for most vegetables
To play music with
Let's skip ahead to the music part
If you can see me you can see that I'm dancing to this
They're playing carrots
They're playing
They're playing
This is music this is like
This sounds a lot like ska actually so I'm going to do it
Anyway that's
This is actually a normal playback speed
I didn't double this
This is just
This is what this sounds like apparently
Sounds like ska
World record for what
Um
Vegetable instruments
That's what G.F. Shaforsh had done when they launched
That's how they would have made the news
Instead of that big old controller
Yep too late but anyway more ska music
Let's send this off
With this hot story last story of the day
Your top final story of the day
Doctors
Discover maggots and a man's penis
After flies were attracted
To the foul smell
Wooo that's
All the news
That's what you're ending on that's it for me
Let's find someone to raid
Penis
Penis
Penis
What about this good story that was shared by
SinisterDev about
Them somehow making light
Into a super solid
Yeah I guess whatever
Light's been transformed into a super solid for the first time
Also the maggots penis thing though
Super solids are strange metals
Materials that behave like both a solid and a fluid
Due to quantum effects
And turning light into that sounds pretty impressive
Yeah but mostly the
We're still ending on the penis one
That's
That's like the epilogue
So you know
Penis maggots love super solids
Apparently super solid smells
You know what I mean high five
Ow why don't you swing around from the other side
Sorry I wrapped her on your face
He's so invisible I didn't see it coming at all
Okay we haven't raided Golden Boy in a while
That's
After all this hot
Super solid slash penis talk
Let's send you Golden Boy's way
Golden Boy
For the win
Thanks for hanging out
Is this still ska music? Yeah this is two time
Speed ska you want to hear it it sounds like at half
Speed? Let's slow it down
Tonight people
I am gonna be gone for a week
This is the note we're leaving you on
Um
Let's just go
Let's go back up to two
But I'll be back um
Not this Monday but the following Monday
We should be back on our
Stream grind
And you know what Kendall might start streaming soon
Whoa
Visible that's my excited noise
I am excited
You might have actually seen a little preview of her stream as I accidentally streamed me making assets for it so
So you know
Anyway I'll be back a week from Monday
St. Patrick's Day
Oh my god
We might have to bring back other
Partially remembered characters
Whatever the things I've done are
Sano Johnson's Day
No news for a week
Yeah I think the news will probably stop while I'm out so
Just keep in mind there won't be any news for a week
Uh
I made an agreement with um
Reality
Okay everybody say hi to Golden Boy for me have a beautiful week
I will see you when I'm back bye bye
Oh
Shit I
I slipped because I can't see my body I slipped
And I now my
My thumbs up my my thumbs in my butt
Alright
I'm just I'm just playing that didn't happen
You can't see it but you'd never be able to tell
Because I'm invisible
Why is your voice swirly suddenly
I don't know okay
If you're still here that's the secret part