I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Can I get some noodles for my big mouth? Yum yum happy Halloween.
It's Radio Cut Man.
Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one.
Let's- I'm Pepito!
What the fuck? Hello?
I think it does not want to work lately.
There's a zoom.
Depresso news?
Maybe today it's
Espresso news.
It's probably not.
Yeah, my zoom is malfunctioning.
Can I even zoom anymore?
Send the camera away, but there it is and I'll send it back. Look how big my hand is.
Chad!
This is just I on the opposite of Chad. I've got massive powerful hands with no problems.
Is today a 40-minute stream?
No, actually we did the Patreon yesterday.
We are incredibly inconsistent scheduling. Both Kassim and I. I didn't do my stream,
but we did do the Patreon yesterday, which means today I can stream for at least a minute.
I can stream for probably two hours.
Then it'll be seven here. Yeah, that all makes sense. That all adds up.
And-
Wow!
Whoops, that's not it.
I just came here to show you this because we would have won $5.
What?
It's a TikTok. The Christine- wait, okay, what is this? A debate.
You got a debate.
That was a TikTok of a person walking around asking if people could name this one piece character in spoilers.
Actually here, I can ask Chad if they can name this one piece character.
I even know his first name. That's how big of a dork I am.
What is the middle name? You should know his middle name.
Well, I know his middle initial.
Chad, do you know? Oh, they don't know yet because I'm not showing them.
Wait, he showed this picture specifically.
Oh, which one? This one?
This one. He showed this picture specifically.
We'll go with this picture then.
Oh, Jesus.
Alright.
Alright, guys, for $5.
Not that one. This one.
For $5 non-real.
Oh, damn, that was fucking fast.
To be fair, I also knew instantly Chad.
I'm just saying, Kasey, that would have won $5 at that mall.
Yeah, we would have gotten it.
I'm pretty sure I know exactly what mall left at that time.
Well, we gotta go and just wait and see if he comes up with any other tricky ones.
This is fun though. Let's see.
Let's see if they can name this other character.
Can I even name them actually?
This is $5 handlebug.
What can you do with them?
We'll figure it out when I start streaming again.
Are you gonna start streaming again?
Your computer technically works now.
Yeah, we gotta finish the game that we never finished.
Oh, yeah, we're just trapped in the middle of...
It takes two.
Yeah, we never finished it.
Okay, this is a harder one, Chad.
No googling now.
That's cheating. Not that I did.
Not that...
That one.
This one.
Can anyone...
That's Ernest P. Warrell.
I'm tempted to accept that.
It's the guy who looks like Sanji.
That's what I had to Google to get it.
Because I also didn't...
I was like, which one do I not know?
This one I would be like, it's the guy who looks like Sanji!
Young Munch.
Yeah, young blonde Munch.
You guys are pretty funny.
I don't know if anybody can get it.
Robbie Love is kind of close.
Actually, it's not close at all.
It starts with the last guy's middle initial.
Which is also his middle name.
That's Sasuke's older brother.
And that also is acceptable.
Can anyone...
Okay, it rhymes with...
Seagull.
That's an off-rime, though.
Yeah, it's an off-rime.
An off-rime.
But if I was rapping, I would count it.
Steven.
Steven.
Okay, it starts with D.
And it rhymes with...
Seagull's pretty good.
It rhymes with have-all.
I could have it all with...
Wait, isn't it?
It doesn't...
It's not have-all.
Well, no, I'm just saying that rhymes with the name.
It kind of sounds like RuPaul.
Oh, yeah, RuPaul.
It sounds like it rhymes with RuPaul.
The title and all.
Robert.
There's probably people in this chat that don't read one piece.
It's like, how would I ever guess this?
And you never would...
It's Duval, yes.
DuFace Knife, you got there.
DuFace Knife gets $10.
I'm not saying nobody reads one piece.
I'm just saying some of you might not.
What if we just tell them to send us their memo?
Maybe I'll give them...
Don't do it, don't do it.
Don't do it!
We can't establish this precedent, Kendall.
This is a one-way street here.
I can't give you guys bits.
If someone sent their real Venmo,
I would have requested $5 from them
and see if they, like,
noticed it first before pressing it down.
You know what I'm saying?
Whoa!
Ash, thank you so much
for the six months of Tier 1
to DuFace Knife.
You've literally just won $5 more or less.
It might even be $6 now.
I can't remember how much Twitch is charging.
Ash, thank you so much.
That's what you get.
Forget for this incredible game that we've just played.
That was a drag queen.
I would be Rudy Paul.
And it would be...
And it would be a one-piece version of RuPaul.
That would be amazing!
Kendall has a male drag RuPaul one-piece themed.
That's pretty good.
Would you wear, like, a bald cap?
Would you be RuPaul in his non-drag form?
No. Yes.
So, like, the glasses?
Yeah.
You just can't do certain aspects of it, obviously.
Kendall and Kastrex stream one.
You could do drag on you.
I would have to get more makeup because he's a white man.
Yeah.
I guess I could leave the beard, too.
I haven't shaved my beard in a while.
We can put sparkles in the beard.
We can put flowers in the beard.
There's plenty of drag queens.
We could leave it alone and we just crisp it up a bit.
But Kendall doesn't like it when I shave my beard
because I look like a stranger and she has to see my full round face.
You know, guys, when he shaves his lips,
he comes like ten times bigger.
Well, you can just see my large upper lips.
It feels off, you know?
I can't help it if I've got juicy, beautiful lips.
I was born to live in LA.
I don't even need any collagen.
Yeah, the Miskiff lips.
That's why I dislike Miskiff so much,
because before all this stuff, it's because
much like JD Vancey is stealing my look,
but just the lips.
I feel like this really proportions your face well.
The beard?
Yeah.
It makes the whole thing work.
I am really used to it.
But I think that goes to say for almost any man.
Kendall likes beards on guys.
Yeah.
Yeah, I used to be clean shaven more often
before I moved to LA,
and particularly before I started dating Kendall.
But now I just know.
I know what she likes.
Just, oh, handsome!
Inspired by Tim Curry and Rocky Horror.
That could be fun.
We're doing a Halloween costume, actually, this year.
Should I bring them in?
Yeah, you can show them.
Whoa!
What's that?
Yeah, put it on. Why not?
Oh my gosh.
We're already hyped up!
It sneaks up on you.
The hype train really sneaks up on you guys.
Uh, hype train?
It's been a minute.
You still exist?
You know it.
I never stopped existing.
We never stopped existing.
My baby, I miss you.
I miss you baby.
This Raph inbound?
How'd you get?
How could they not get?
It's been too long, King.
It's a big work to gossip.
We actually have the stream poepin, it's not you, so...
Listen up, Jack.
Skimmer just mimaged a 300 shiny tasty coin
and never resigned to say this.
My favorite one-piece character
was Calvin Cole in the hype train.
Yo, what's up, friends?
How you doing? I miss you.
I miss you, don't go in.
He's so busy.
Is he still busy?
He's so busy.
Oh, you talk to the president in hell?
Of course.
We're boys.
We're...
We're he-
We're he-
Oh, okay.
Kendall's got a costume to show off, but...
Get me a Halloween-type beat.
I mean, that should be...
Pretty easy considering.
The types of beats he usually asks me to search on YouTube.
I will be wearing a costume that matches Kendall's costume.
For the record.
Halloween.
Scary rap beats. Look at these.
Thumbnails have gotten even more disturbing
since AI became so popular,
especially for YouTube thumbnails.
And I'm here for it, honestly.
Really? No.
What's that, Kendall?
Kendall's got to give in this a whirl.
Okay, I gotta train your rap off.
There we go.
We hear it every time, hype train.
And that's not enough times.
They should play the whole stream.
People love to hear me rap.
There's other things in the stream
that I prefer, honestly, hype train.
That's because you have no taste.
Kendall's got a costume to show off.
Where is it?
Um, she's-
I don't rush her.
Listen to this-
Such a good beat.
The overrun amongst the webs case.
You heard about this? You heard about the webs?
Yeah, it's a segment that we do.
But have you heard about these webs?
Are you going to rap about webs?
Piss webs.
I'm talking piss webs case.
The spookiest Halloween thing
to ever happen to the human race
and also trains.
Have you heard about this?
What?
They are the webs but made of piss.
Pito, have you heard about this?
What?
There was what made of piss.
Oh, God!
This Halloween is a little different.
This Halloween has been changing.
I've been going to the fucking bathroom.
But things ain't feeling the same, man.
Every time I piss, I've been pissing out webs.
But to be clear, they are also piss.
They are webs, but they are made of piss.
And inside of the webs are spiders made of piss.
Have you heard about this?
I've heard about it now, Hype Drain.
But have you heard about this?
They're like webs, but made of piss.
No! I can't tell them now!
I can't warn them!
Piss, I can't warn them about this.
They said no, they need to hear!
Add your lotion.
I was lip-syncing along with the Hype Drain there.
The Hype Drain is dead though.
Oh yeah, yeah, I'm dead.
I'm dead!
Kendall is almost ready.
Why isn't this piss web news story what we've been covering?
I mean, we're not even at the news yet.
Okay, come on in, Kendall.
Dang!
Check it out. Can you guys guess?
Can you guys guess what it is?
I didn't get a little of the air you got.
You got to get a little of that way.
Now I can go as one that's got handcuffs on.
I should have gotten handcuffs.
Would you actually get your handcuffs?
The third person is just an FBI agent.
Or whatever the equivalent is in France.
Go play some sneaky music for me really quick.
Sneaky music? Okay, okay, okay.
Here you go, Kendall.
This is kind of cartoon or sneaky music.
Would you like that?
Yeah, we're basically the modern pink pen thing.
That's us.
Oops, it's too loud.
Oh, our comments. I haven't even been checking in with the comments.
Yeah, they did get caught. I was sad about it too.
Oh yeah, you can't hear it?
Oh, shit, my earring fell.
This is how they did it. This is a recreation.
This is basically what they did.
Oh, shit!
Two of these.
Anyway, we're gonna have to body pin these for our heads and stuff.
Oh, this feels right. I should wear this all the time.
We've got a body pin.
Or what if it is us guys? And this is how we cover our tracks.
It was really Kendall and I the whole time that did this.
And this is the exact outfit we wore.
We're this for the whole... It's not on very well.
No, we have to body pin.
Not if I jam it into my temples.
My head is too fat!
My freaking hat, fat hat.
You know what else about my head?
You might be able to tell from how weird my hair is a lot of time.
I have two like...
I guess everybody has these. I just have some lumps here, man.
That's not gonna fit you.
I don't even have my...
See, this is... You just made me realize.
I'm missing my tie.
I've been streaming wrong this whole time.
Kendall, you look great. This is giving me an...
This is getting me even more excited for this costume tomorrow.
Mine's gonna fit though.
No, we have to bob you pin though.
No, I mean my jacket. Am I gonna be like...
No, this is a large.
Pretty extra large.
But look.
Yeah, but that's you.
Well, you can just unzip it.
That's true.
I still need to get...
I guess we're my Adidas.
My Adidas track pants.
Oh, I got you sweatpants.
Can you believe Casey didn't have black sweatpants?
I used to have black pants, but I've grown in and out of pants so many times.
I've lost a lot of pants over the years.
Currently I am in between all sorts of sizes, so I don't even know.
We're gonna be the coolest people at the Halloween parties,
along with the seven other people who are gonna do the exact same thing as us.
Yeah, but it'll be such an easy group photo.
It's gonna be such a good group photo.
It's music.
There she goes.
Well, Chad, I'm just gonna hang out with my jewels today.
Don't mind me.
And I don't have my monitors on,
because I don't like to look at myself all the time.
I don't really want to be that egotistical.
So I don't have my monitors on.
But I'm just hanging out with these jewels.
She never stole it.
I thought she was gonna sneak up and take it, but she did not.
Here, wait, I'm gonna wear it.
They're just not in clothes in like a glass pyramid that I don't care.
You know, I don't care if they're not in clothes,
and they're like see through glass pyramid.
You're awake, Kendall.
Yeah.
We can cut to a different angle here.
But don't mind me.
I'm just the magic queen of ice.
I've come to be interviewed by Case Blackwell.
And I'm waiting quietly in this room where none of the monitors are on.
Thanks, nuts.
Not that kind of ice.
I'm just the queen of traditional ice.
Anyway, I brought my crown of pop.
What's wrong, Queen of Ice?
Oh, my power that sustains me and keeps me alive.
No.
Queen of Ice, don't get too stressed out.
Everything's fine.
Oh, I've died.
That crown sustained me and now I'm dead.
It's so fast.
Another one bites the dust yet.
Damn, you killed another one, Case.
Thank you, Kendall.
You killed the Queen of Ice for the record.
That crown is what sustained her, actually,
and now she's a skeleton.
You killed me, young woman.
I was the Queen of Ice.
What happened?
You took my crown.
I didn't do shit.
I just got here.
Oh, my bad.
I didn't mean to accuse you.
I'm dead now.
So not like I care.
Get me a spliff.
What?
I don't give no shits anymore.
I'm a skeleton.
Why do you immediately go to spliff?
Get me a spliff.
Come on.
Let's chill.
I don't care no more.
I'm a skeleton.
Well, I guess we did her a favor or something.
Okay.
How many people have we killed?
Yeah, less than some people.
And also you've done a lot of it, Pipito.
You yourself have been responsible for many of them.
For the record.
I don't know what a record is and I don't have one.
And I refuse to admit to any wrongdoing.
Pipito's smart like that.
We do.
We've collected several of them from the underworld over the years.
Okay.
Well, anyway, that's, um, it's Halloween.
So all sorts of spooky stuff like that could be happening throughout the stream.
Oh, you have big Halloween plans?
No, no.
I didn't plan any actual things, but that's just one of the things that could happen
because it's spooky Halloween time.
What is Halloween the 30th or the 31st?
No, it's the 31st.
What night do kids go out and they get candy because I want to do that?
Well, you're a dog.
You shouldn't.
I want to go eat all the chocolates.
And I hear that they put glass in some of them.
I really like to try some of the glass candies.
Well, no, you don't want that.
Oh, there are ones with little knives in them.
I would love that.
Shred up my throat.
See how my throat tastes when it's all shredded up.
Um.
Come on, give me a candy like with a bunch of syringes in it.
How'd you get a bunch of syringes in a candy?
Well, maybe the candy is just a syringe.
Can I eat some syringes?
What I'm asking is, could I eat some syringes, please?
No, Papito, and you've already eaten several.
So I think you've had enough syringes for the week.
Well, I ate that one box of syringes, but there's got to be more boxes of syringes for me to eat.
No.
Nothing better than eating a bunch of glass and razor blades and hitting a spliff.
I mean, I can't stand behind that saying,
He's right.
I'm freaking right.
I don't care no more on the skelly.
Well, you don't have a throat to protect.
You're telling me, you know what else, you know what else that means we can do.
No, I don't.
And we're not going to find out, you know, let's just do some news actually.
We're still a news station.
Look at how newsy it's newsy in here.
We do the news.
So let's do that.
It's news time.
Why not?
It's still your assignment.
Don't let them take it from you.
Oh my God, it's the Jeff Ripple.
That's right.
Why is it all transitioning?
There we go.
Zoom in on me.
Ah!
Oh, your shit's broken, Case.
I broke the shit a little bit, but it's fine.
I'll fix it one of these days.
I do like that I can be zoomed on now.
The rest of it being broken isn't as good.
Did Liliana get caught in some BDS dungeon?
Great question, B. Grindel.
And yes, Liliana is much like Pepito she is currently missing.
I'll put it that way.
Occasionally, one of our particular hosts seems to go on a vacation from working,
is how I would put it.
And that has currently happened to Liliana.
Unfortunately.
Not sure why that happens.
No, Pepito was missing for a long time, though.
Currently, Jeff, settle down with your music.
I'm just rocking out.
We just still have certain other hosts that are Liliana-like,
if I can even find them.
And maybe I can't?
Well, hey, we have a slow attrition rate.
We've only been around for three years.
We've only lost a couple hosts.
I'd just like to point out I'm still available to provide a feminine touch to this network, if needed.
What was your name?
That's Shorude Cache.
I've given everybody tons of- Liliana's been missing for months, and nobody even noticed.
Like she's in danger?
What's your name?
It's Gianna.
Gianna Wet-Michel.
You forgot your own Wet-Michel.
That can't be right.
I'm pretty sure that's it.
And I should know.
I don't think it was Wet-Michel.
Yeah, grandma's still around.
I guess it's Gianna Wet-Michel now.
Wet-Michel, really?
What's wrong with that name?
Yeah, are you a judge?
No, I'm an experienced news broadcaster that calls it straight down the middle.
Okay, Miss Wet-Michel, call me Mrs. Wet-Michel.
Are you married?
Nope, but I just think it sounds more official.
Well, anyway, you're not here today, Jeff's here today.
That's right.
Get the fuck out of here, lady.
She already did.
It's just me.
Wet-Whistle?
You know, we could run a poll on what her last name should be, but I have a feeling it might just end up being genital slit.
Are you gonna make her take a new last name?
Well, she said she's unmarried, so...
Okay, so that's inappropriate.
I think we could get Gianna and Crom in a room.
It would be a keymaster and gatekeeper situation.
They do sound surprisingly similar.
I didn't.
I don't hear that.
I wasn't hearing that.
To me, they sound extremely different.
Don't we also have like a female intern?
Yes.
Yeah, obviously you.
What's up with your hair?
That is crazy to ask.
That's a crazy thing to ask me.
That is really rude to ask, case.
No, I mean, it's like, there's like a dark green around it.
Okay, man.
Stop harassing her.
I mean, we all just saw you harass her, case.
So maybe don't.
I'm just, I mean, I'm worried that maybe you're not okay because there's like a green miasma around your hair.
He's just not stopping.
We're all asking you to stop.
Add options now.
We need the HR toys.
Yeah, that's the last name.
Okay, we're going to figure it out.
But if it is genital slit, I'm going to have to not go with that.
Just so you know.
Exclamation point O and you can fill out what you think her last name should be.
Vote now.
Anyway, can we actually do the news?
Sorry, someone called for HR.
Is there a problem here?
You're not the police.
Okay, we don't like little jokes like that case.
Someone called for HR and I'm here.
Are you okay?
You're floating off the ground.
Oh my God case.
Can you stop calling everyone out for being normal?
It's a toilet floating like several feet off the ground.
Wow, and you're wearing a tie.
The winner was Wet Mitchell for her last name.
So I guess she wins out and her last name is Wet Mitchell.
Sorry, did you just run a poll to tell a female employee what her last name is?
You trying to plead the fifth right now case?
I'm waiting.
Maybe if I don't talk to the toilet, it'll go away.
Here, I can hear you obviously.
Well, you're in a different room and you're not mic'd.
Wow.
Toilets can't use mics case.
Incredibly rude to say.
Then how am I hearing you?
Psychically, obviously.
I can't believe I have to even explain this.
And I'm also HR and this is how you're talking to me.
HR?
What does HR stand for?
Hot rectum.
That means you don't actually have any official power.
I'm the hot rectum representative of this entire place case.
Toilet kinesis?
That is the correct term.
Thank you, Huey Keuler for saying that.
Look, we have so many segments to get to.
I don't have time to deal with hot rectum toilets.
Could you just call me the HR toilet, please?
You're the one who just told me what it means.
Case that's...
Still also HR.
Oh, it is?
Yeah, I mean, I'm also human resources.
Well, why did you...
Look, I'm just going to get to the news because case is being a real problem today.
So let's just settle in and talk about some normal stuff.
Like how white South Africans are the last acceptable refugee here in the United States.
Finally, a little normalcy.
Yeah.
I forgot that we just hard-transition into actual troubling world events on this stream.
It's the whole reason I'm here, case, is to tell people about...
Stuff like this.
That's why you're here?
I mean, I guess.
I don't know.
You keep making me read stories like this.
Anyway, Trump sets refugee ceiling at record low 7,500.
Max.
For the whole country?
I'm not sure, but I'm assuming yes.
Anyway, in case that worries you, the focus is on white South Africans.
Wait, explicitly white South Africans?
Well, that's the headline.
This is courtesy of writers.
Maybe the body of the story will sound more reasonable.
US President Donald Trump set the refugee admission ceiling at 7,500 for fiscal year 2026.
Well, hey, at least it's just the fiscal year.
When does the fiscal year start again?
Well...
I'm just thinking.
Sometimes when I think, you hear typing.
But I'm just remembering.
October 1st.
So for the federal government?
You don't celebrate the fiscal year, new year every year?
We already missed it.
October is the start of the fiscal year.
But why?
Because it's pre-holiday?
It's end of summer pre-holiday?
What is the middle of fall?
Look, fiscal year is operated by their own logic, okay?
And the logic of this year is 7,500 refugees in total, all of them white South Africans.
That can't...
That's just so ridiculous.
Seemingly even for Trump.
I'm not surprised he's limiting refugees, but just throwing the white South African thing in there is...
Some next level...
Well, we'll just keep reading the story, I guess.
The lowest cap ever on record for the United States is 7,500 for the fiscal year, which started...
We're already a month in, we might have already capped out actually.
Anyway, that was a White House document published on Thursday.
Part of a broader effort to reshape refugee policies in the US and worldwide.
Spoiler alert, the policies reshaping is sort of shaping it down into like a little ball
and then crushing that ball and then throwing that ball in the trash.
Oh, you mean like getting rid of it entirely?
They're trying to basically get rid of refugees.
Trump said in an annual refugee determination dated September 30th that admissions would be focused largely on South Africans from the country's white African or ethnic minority.
Can you... wait.
Can you like explicitly say we only want white South Africans?
Well, this just in... apparently.
Geez, okay. But we do have some comments actually.
125K was the normal amount of refugees, alright.
America, we create refugees but don't allow them in.
Well, it's one of our growth industries is making refugees actually.
Trump has claimed Africaners face persecution based on their race in the black majority country.
Don't do my voice.
I'll be reading these troubling racially coded news.
Allegations, the South African government has denied.
They're denying that they are creating white African refugees.
They said everything I've read about white South Africaners.
That would seem to be accurate as far as I can tell.
I don't think there's a legitimate refugee crisis in South Africa for white people.
But that's certainly not stopping Trump.
The hard are.
Maybe that's not the official term. I just heard that thrown around a lot.
If they're white immigrants, they are alright.
Well, maybe there's like an official... I don't know what was exactly in this memo based on this news story.
Trump paused all US refugees again. This is from Reuters.
Admissions when he took office in January saying they could be reported if they were established to be in the best interest of the US weeks later.
He launched an effort to bring in Africaners.
The word that case just said...
But you're just reading it. I'm just reading it in case I've never heard of that being a bad word.
Sparking criticisms. Well, I've heard that referred to unfavorably.
Sparking criticisms from refugee supporters.
Only 138 South Africans had entered the US by early September.
Reuters reported at the time in the determination published on Thursday,
Trump said his administration would consider bringing in other victims of illegal or unjust discrimination in their respective homelands.
An internal document drafted by US government officials in April opens.
Suggested sorry that administration could also prioritize bringing in Europeans as refugees if they were targeted for expressing certain views.
Such as opposition to mass migration or support for populist political parties.
So if you oppose migration, you can be a refugee in the United States if you're European.
So if you're like one of those guys in the UK that just storms around like trying to stop cars and like pull people out of them if they're not white,
then you're an acceptable refugee. If you're being discriminated against, and who's deciding if you're discriminated against?
Probably Trump. And you know, the Stephen Millers of the world.
Just imagine your Twitter feed. That's deciding who's a refugee now.
I don't like to imagine my Twitter feed actually. The less time I spend thinking about what the general Twitter feed has become probably the better.
Hate immigrants by becoming an immigrant. No! By becoming a white refugee. Why's it got to be white?
I don't think it has to be. That's what the administration is saying.
US law requires the executive branch to consult with members of Congress before setting refugee levels.
But Democratic lawmakers said on September 30th that the meeting never took place.
So don't worry. Congress is on the case. Oh God. You deleted Twitter. That's smart.
I still have it. I still probably check it once a day and every time I do I get less and less out of it.
But it's setting our immigration policy now. So we might all need to reinstall just to keep a bridge of events.
Yes, our Twitter refugee policy has been locked in.
Yeah, Detective Congress. They're on sort of a... they're not operating at like the same pace of Detective Conan.
So it's not so much 30-minute arcs. It's more like 30-month arcs where they don't really ever solve the case.
But, you know, all shows move at their own pace. The Congress show.
Isn't Jeff Filipino or his wife Filipino? Well, my son is Filipino.
Oh yeah, your Filipino son? I love my Filipino son. Do you have a white son? Why do you distinguish between the two?
No, I only have one son. My beautiful Filipino son.
Well, just as a guy who could conceivably eventually have like a Filipino child, not that there's any plans to do that.
But I feel like I wouldn't call them that. He doesn't mind.
Okay, well, it's not my place, I guess. Thank you, case. It's not.
U.S. Representative Jamie Roskin, Senator Dick Durbin and other Democratic lawmakers said Trump's low-refugee cap was both wrong-headed and lacked legal force.
Who does have legal force right now?
It's sort of like, it's kind of like a vibe situation. We're kind of trying to vibe out what laws still are.
But we suspect by the end of the fiscal year, we'll be kind of, the vibes will at least be a lot clearer.
Huh, I mean, on the bright side, I can't think of any other African nations that could conceivably be at this very moment creating a massive refugee crisis.
Trying to think of any Sudan, are you trying to think of Sudan or the Congo?
Does this feel like there's like a lot of options?
Well, let's learn about Sudan really quick. I'm sure we won't hear anything if we learn about Sudan really quick.
That makes us feel even worse about this immigration news. Oh yeah, Liberia.
Well, you're just bragging about knowing countries now. Well, I'm just reading chat.
Okay, well, case seems to think maybe there could be a Sudanese refugee crisis on the horizon.
But let's just learn quickly about the Sudanese war.
Oh, we're going to go into that. Yeah, why don't we just quickly go into the Sudanese war?
Seems like the wrong photo for that.
But yeah, why don't you read this case? You like Sudan's more than coups?
I studied civics while I was in China. Chinese civics.
I just I stared at the books. They were all in Chinese, but I was like trying to force of will it.
Okay, well, if anybody wants an update on the situation in Sudan courtesy of the BBC, here's a little rundown.
Sudan plunged into a civil war in April 2023 after a vicious power struggle broke out between its army and a powerful paramilitary group, the RSF, or Rapid Support Forces.
It has led to a famine and claims of genocide in the Western Darfur region with fears of the residents of city El Fasher after it was recently captured by the RSF.
More than 150,000 people have died in the conflict across the country and about 12 million have fled their homes in what the United Nations has called the world's largest humanitarian crisis.
And if you're wondering why there's a civil war in the latest boat of tensions, the 2019 ousting of long-serving President Omar al-Bashir seems to be the touch point.
He came into power in a coup in 1989 while there was a huge street protest, while there were street protests calling for an end to his near three decade rule and the army mounted a coup to get rid of him.
Civilians continued to campaign for the introduction of democracy. A joint military civilian government was established, but that was overthrown in another coup in October 2021.
The coup was staged by two men at the center of the conflict, General Abdel Fattah al-Burhan, the head of the armed forces and in effect the country's president and his deputy RSF leader, General Muhammad Hamdan de Gallo, better known as Hamad-T.
Anyway, the main sticking points were plans to incorporate the 100,000 strong RSF into the army and who would lead the new force.
Basically, as we tend to do the huge cliff notes versions of things, that was sort of the touch point for the conflict. But more recently the RSF with backing of the United Arab Emirates, one of our major allies, took, I believe, southern Darfur and it seems to have led to massive large scale slaughter.
Not really another way to put that. There's other troubling ways to put that. So anyway, that's actively happening. Not that we've covered it on this stream much, but it's been ongoing for several years and is also an African country that I could imagine
sending, needing some refugees to be, to get asylum in some countries like ours for instance. And also thank you to Kenneth Rogers for the thought of, sorry to shift gears rather all over the place here.
You don't even know how to drive stick, case. Come on Jeff. I don't regret saying that. There may be some recently displaced Jamaicans who might want to have a new place to live. I'm just saying, and this could be controversial, it seems like 7500 is maybe absurdly low and vindictively cruel and maybe as the wealthiest country on the planet we could be slightly more gracious
or try to aid countries that are experiencing massive humanitarian crises and wars, or we could just continue to fund wars I guess. I think we're going to go with the second one. Not to speak for the whole country, but not sure really the whole country gets to speak.
Instead we're just going to keep funding wars actually.
Well, anyway, we said the news would probably be bad and we're 100 for 100. I'm just covering bad news.
Melodile, good to see you. We have companies whose market cap is larger than most countries' GDPs. Yep, it seems like we could conceivably have hundreds of thousands of refugees introduced into the country and it would probably only really benefit us in the long run, but I don't set refugee caps.
What would you set it at? Question marks? It's a bold strategy. Instead of 7500, 7500 question marks. And then I'll let the country sort it out. I'm not sure this is actual policy case. It's not. It's not. I am fully rambling.
Wait, how do we get to watching Super, a great Reynon Wilson role?
Or just saying that it's throwing out some movie wrecks in the chat. Is that a legal now case? Are you setting a limit on the movie wrecks chat can throw out? No, I'm just curious how we got to recommending Super.
Okay, well anyway. That's just one of the problems that having an incredibly small refugee cap, one of the things that could cause an issue is that, you know, there's massive conflicts in Africa currently that will almost certainly create thousands of refugees or hundreds of thousands.
Well, do we talk about AI or something? No, I guess let's just move on to the whatever other segment. Let's just watch some movies. Look, we're already talking about movies in the chat. Don't you have some movie idiot around here? That is, I think his official title actually is our movie idiot.
So let's send it to our movie idiot Trent, who is standing by. It's not all bad news. It's also three trailers. That's true. The segment isn't this channel and stream isn't just horrific news all the time told to you by cartoons.
Occasionally we watch three trailers. So let's do that now and we'll see if what I've said contained the word ripple. Well, it does now because you said the word ripple and that's also my last name.
Did you know that case? I do. You say it every time in more confusing ways. Yes, I do because I'm Jeff Ripple. See you soon. Bye bye.
What the fuck? Why is it doing that? Case, stop fucking the stream of messing up my intros. It's Trent, the much younger cooler guy on the stream.
Anyone ever told you you actually look a lot like Case and that you look like you're his age? No. No one has ever told me that.
I mean I've told you a bunch. Well I forgot dude because you say a lot of stuff. That's really crazy. I'm just a child. I can't be filling my head up with all the dumb things you say.
Well with respect, come on. Respect, young blood. With respect. Obviously like respect dude. For sure you're my parole officer. Full respect. But you say stuff that sucks and you're an idiot.
What? With respect. Alright. Okay well there's gotta be like about a million trailers that have come out since I last was doing whatever the shit is so let's see what's in there.
You can send us trailers to like for me to click on potentially of the three that I click on in the cream dot team in the trailers section.
It's actually called Trailer Thursdays. Don't let that confuse you. That happens to be accurate today but most of the time it is not.
Because I will not be confined by the like Caesarean calendar. Caesarean dude was made by some guy named Cesar. The calendar that we all follow?
I don't think that's correct. No dude some guy named Cesar made the whole calendar that we've all lived by for like a million years.
Oh let's just watch a trailer actually. Maybe we can just get into the trailers before you say one thing. Right. Okay.
Pluribus. A plural bus? I don't know. I'm more of a one bus kind of guy. Stone cold fox? Okay.
I think this might be getting marketed directly to me or maybe it's about me. You know what I mean dude?
John yourself is Stone Cold Fox? I mean I've just heard that said about me. So maybe we should watch this trailer just because I'll probably relate to it.
Alright let's get into it.
This is a cautionary tale about love. Whoa. My little sister. What? Where are you going to go? Not sure.
And some pretty bad decision making. I've got so little quality.
Let me start from the beginning. Hi honey. You look like you could use a little bit of help. That's Goldie.
My first love. The thing about dating a drug dealer is they're always looking for the next payday.
Breaker. Goldie's bag man. She gonna date him too? Wait wait wait. Is this all about age gap relationships? Cool.
They've been bearing money in the ground for years and I happen to know where they stash in.
Fox took the cargo and ran. Consider this an official mistake person's report.
Find your sister. Fox will come. And that's my little sister. You do realize that Goldie is baiting you right? So what's the plan?
It's a classic hostage negotiation. Data rate used to come in glass? That's insane.
They have something we want. We have something they want. Yes. What now? Now? Do what they do in every action movie.
Oh. It's a Ninja Turtles movie, mate. She's just warming up. She's getting warm. Okay. Great.
What are you doing here? Just trying to find your missing girl. This is my case. This is my town.
You've made a real mess, Fox. I know. I know. You get what you get. And you don't get upset.
Well, I'm upset.
I mean, she is Foxy for sure. Was that supposed to be like a genre thing? I think.
They were kind of going like that 70s thing. It's like 70s. Blackploitation style with a white girl.
A little bit. But also they kind of weren't. Yeah. You know, that kind of gave me the same vibe as like, I saw that fantastic four movie.
Really? You see movies? Yes. This whole thing is supposed to be movies. That's crazy, man.
I saw that fantastic four movie if I can finish my point. And they had like that kind of like retro, future style.
And then at one point they kind of transitioned to them being on a TV show.
And they start to kind of do the style of like an old like 70s-ish, 60s, 70s like TV intro.
But then they don't. The flashback suddenly just becomes a normal flashback.
I was like, why didn't they commit to the style? Anyway, that's what that reminded me of.
I'd stopped listening pretty far, pretty like immediately. So I don't, I have no comment.
I was saying that's what that reminded me of. Sort of like lightly wearing a style, but not really seems to be a thing that a lot of properties are doing lately.
So, okay. Sure. Apple TV, whatever. Apple TV, whatever. That's a pretty good slogan.
All right. Let's keep it moving. The trailer needed them. They did also, this chat was pointing out as well.
They did that you might be wondering how I got your thing. And I'm actually glad that they did that because I do think that needs to come back.
Currently all trailers begin with a single piano piano key going, and I think maybe just for a while we could transition out of that and back to you might be wondering how I got here.
Because it's all about trends, right? So like just replace the piano key for a moment with just a really long spoken exposition.
There's another scream movie and it's still got Neve Campbell in it. Damn. She'll never be free of this. Okay.
Let's keep it. Let's just watch this, I guess.
This is it.
Can't believe we're staying at the Psycho Killer B&B.
Oh, that's so cool. It's a motion detector.
Oh, is that guy who draws dicks? Hello again. Is that the same girl who's not died in the beginning?
Is that the same girl who's not died in the beginning?
It's coming through the wall, y'all.
I want to be a fighter like you.
If you hurt her, I'm not going to hurt her until you're here to see it.
Let's unmask this fucker.
My friends died.
Tatum, listen to me. He's trying to find another way in.
We're gonna do this together. You're gonna have to shoot him through the wall.
We're to the right of the door. Shoot him now!
He's dead. You need to make sure you shoot him in the head.
Too slow. I'm gonna burn it all down.
Motherf-
Damn, there's a lot of shooting in this.
This is gonna be fun.
Scream 7. Stand to your ground.
Probably not the title they should go with.
Why, they were standing their ground. Just maybe, maybe not, though.
I, uh...
I think that, yeah, that's like another Scream movie, right?
Yes.
Yeah! Okay. So that is another Scream movie?
Yes.
What gave it away? Well, I just was... I want to make sure.
That's another one?
Yes. Yep. That's for sure another one.
Whose mom or dad did something that they're mad at her for?
Yeah, how many people want to kill this lady?
I guess everybody. She's in a universe where everybody wants to give it a gig to, to kill it.
How many times that happened? It's like...
Five times? I think she's in the first two.
She in three? It's happened at least three times.
Well, look, that's another score for another Scream movie.
And who knows, there could even be another one.
Oh, they should do one. That's called Cream.
And it's about getting sexy calls.
And it's just about phone sex.
And it's called Cream.
That's the kind of thing I should be saying. You should not be saying that.
I'm just going with what Chad said.
I mean, at this point, come on, whatever.
Just whatever. I don't know.
The more of it is more of it. Whatever.
All right, look, before suddenly Chris loses his mind, let's just watch Radu Jude's Dracula official trailer.
I like it when I've never heard of a director, but their name is in the title of the trailer.
So this could be excellent. Let's find out.
Oh, is this just a porn?
Many stories regarding the Dracula legend.
Violence, bloodshed, following cars, sex.
He couldn't perform. I want my money back.
I'm sorry.
And well, that's what I'm going to do.
What are you going to do? You're going to get a stab.
Sorry, I don't speak this language.
What are you doing?
Only fence.
No, cut.
I almost got banned there.
Okay, just your number.
Exact.
I'm going to get banned there for the first time in my life.
Okay.
You said I was going to ban the minimum.
Come on, at least I'm sure I'm going to get it.
Okay.
This is the end.
Okay.
Shout out to iPhone 14. And it looks great.
If you use a phone right, you can make anything look cinematic.
It's not really more about the lighting, actually.
Which they also use an iPhone for.
Sometimes you got to.
Sometimes you just got an iPhone and you still got to film the movie.
All right.
Palestine 36.
What? I'm trying to escape the news with these trailers.
Well, sometimes you got to watch a trailer that's relevant to World Events case.
I mean Trent, don't call me.
You see, you're getting confused because now I'm saying Palestine out loud.
You're going to think I'm case.
Also, we already watched three trailers.
It's too late.
We already said another trailer name and now we have to watch it.
Shout out to microphone Zune circa 2010.
They do also make those movies as well.
I believe they're called like connected or something.
4.56.
Shit, I got to watch this trailer about the history of various cultures now.
You don't even know what the trailer is.
You have no choice.
I'm turning it on.
Oh man.
The relationship between us and our land.
That is a work of thousands of years.
A new page in history is written today.
This is Jerusalem calling.
I swear, people are not like you, Toker.
How can you pay Zune and the Sahin who is taking our land?
The British court transferred your land to the settlers.
We don't know people from many religions.
These are the criminals.
These are the people who came to our place, not with us.
We are not going to do anything to the English.
We are asking for your help in protecting our villages.
I ask you all have faith that Arab and Jew can live together.
I'm sure the British thought it out.
We can create a united and peaceful only land.
We are looking for armed bandits.
We've shut down every Arab printing press.
We set up tech posts and curfews.
There has to be another way.
There isn't.
There isn't.
There is no way.
There is no way.
If you kill me, who will take my land?
It's the first time in my life I'm afraid of death.
We were at the crossroads of a major moment in time.
Consider which side of history you want to be on.
Okay.
Well, I did get confused.
And I thought that that was in the universe of Bastion 36.
If anybody is unfamiliar with the Bastion slash squad 36,
depending on what part of the country you're in,
I did think I was kind of expecting this.
So that was like a pretty big deviation from what I was expecting.
But I'm still interested.
I am still interested.
I've never even heard of Bastion 36 or Squad 36.
I just thought that was my reference point.
But I mean that also looks interesting.
I do think it looks...
It's a story that surprisingly has not been told very often.
The history of Palestine.
So wait, are you saying like...
Do Palestinians used to live in Israel?
You know what?
We're going to not even talk about this with you Trent.
How about that?
Okay, that's fine by me.
Anyway, that's four trailers.
You really did overtime today.
So let's just keep it moving to the next thing.
All right, I mean I was going to do that anyway
because I'm like really busy anyway.
I don't claim to be like an expert in all world events.
So like you're not going to trip me up with this, okay?
Okay.
I have a radical five state solution.
Is that like five states of being?
Chill, pissed, horny, hungry and asleep?
That is my five state solution.
Just embrace the five states of being.
That is not what...
You know what?
Let's just end the segment.
How about that?
Okay, I mean I was really...
I was going to do that anyway.
Anyway, that is actually all the time that we have.
So I got to go like go explore the five states of being
and my incredible spirituality.
So I will be doing that actually for a little bit.
So right now I'm going to actually leave
but you fortunately know what it is.
You know what it is.
Bye-bye.
You should have said it two seconds sooner.
Then I would have said,
case get me the fuck out of here, I'm busy.
But instead it's a different guy than the guy you just saw.
It's Chet.
Chet, I don't like to do you right after doing Trent.
I feel like I'm just watching the same guy.
That's fucked up because I'm a totally different guy, case.
I've got a wildly different energy.
And a different voice.
If you say so.
I'm obviously a total...
I'm Big Jetter, even in my own nickname.
Almost no one else on this stream has a nickname.
What does that say about me?
I honestly don't really know.
It says that I'm the fucking best case.
Not to teet my own ass.
But I do every day.
I actually just did.
I'm having...
I have sympathetic period farts with my internet girlfriend.
What?
I've been online dating a girl via a site called Chat Your Bait.
And it's her time of the month.
And whenever that happens, I get sympathetic farts.
Because they get period farts.
And I get them too.
It's like how lady cycles sync up.
When you love a person, you fart when they fart.
Um...
I'm gonna see what...
Chat...
Sherrod in the thread.
Do you wanna do small talk?
I don't wanna do small talk today, chat.
Let's just see what Chat Sherrod...
How about that?
Okay, well look, I'm in a great mood actually.
And I'm very chill, so let's see what Chat Sherrod...
I do wonder why she was standing above a piss river.
I was wondering that the whole time.
That was her only question.
That was kind of my only question.
Why she's standing above like a lake of piss?
You know?
Because she kind of was.
Like, you can't deny it.
Y'all can't deny it.
I have more questions than that, but I don't suspect they'll be answered.
Chat's immediately blaming Cycor.
Because I'm in stream remote, I can never quite tell who shared the video.
But I'm willing to guess that it was Cycor.
It's on...
And look, this stream has a lot of piss talk in it.
Your piss is green?
Is this green?
This looks yellow to me.
But maybe I'm colorblind to piss.
Maybe both yellow and green to me both look like piss, and that's my own struggle.
Is that it?
You're claiming that's how you're colorblind?
I'm colorblind when it comes to different piss shades.
I might just be learning that.
Is that the girl that you're dating on Chatterbait?
It's actually Chat Your Bait?
And no.
Because it'd be fine if it is.
Okay, it looks like Chatterbait...
Looks like possibly Cycor shared another one.
And as far as I'm concerned, they're one for one.
Let's see what they got.
That's beautiful.
Did you and Kendall do that when you were their case?
We might have.
I didn't get a bubble blower though, and I also wasn't dressed as a...
Snow White.
So they were doing a slightly better job than Kendall and I.
But I believe that is Shanghai Disney.
In my opinion, the best Disney.
You would say some shit like that.
I've been to more Disney's than I care to admit at this point.
I've never been to the Tokyo one that's like there's like a water park.
A water themed Tokyo Disney.
I've never been to that one.
But I weirdly have been to the other Tokyo Disney.
Kendall's been to literally every Disney.
And she said the best one was Shanghai.
I trust Kendall.
But I do feel like you're stealing her opinion and you haven't earned it.
How many Disney's are there?
There's France, Japan.
There's two in China.
There's Shanghai and Hong Kong.
Florida.
LA.
Is that all of them?
France. Did I already say France?
There might be one other one.
I guess I can just look it up.
There's at least five.
There could be more.
Kendall is grading this.
Let's see if she can do this off the top of her head.
Hey Kendall.
How many Disney's are there?
Thank you.
There's seven.
What two did you forget?
I feel like I listed a bunch.
How many counted the two in China as one?
There could be one in France, Texas.
Yeah, there's a planning one in Paris, Texas.
They're planning a Paris Disney in Texas.
All the global Disney's.
This is important. We need to know this now.
The AI overview.
This is confusing because they're counting individual parks.
All 12 Disney parks around the world.
12.
I'm getting a lot of conflicting reports here.
This Reddit thread says 12.
What the fuck?
She's saying six now.
Six? Okay.
She counted, she gave the gut responsive seven and she counted and said six.
I don't think it's a real Disney park unless it has the castle.
I'm only seeing...
Oh, okay. See they're including the non-castle ones.
I only count the castle ones.
So wait, I think when I counted out loud,
I counted both the Chinese Disney's as one.
This is important. We need to get to the bottom of this.
Hong Kong.
Shanghai.
France.
Both the Florida ones.
Tokyo.
Six. I got there.
Well, if it's any consolation case,
I never gave a shit for even a second.
Okay, rub it in.
Rub it in, you don't care, fine.
I don't, I really don't.
Okay.
Let's see what this lady has to say for us.
Maybe you'll care about this, Chet.
You married, I'll be a doctor.
And I had to kid.
What kind of doctor?
Pediatric.
Going to be dying of AIDS.
Oh no!
That's the problem with being able to see the future.
It's not always positive.
Damn. Look at the face she made when she said that.
Look at this.
The original troll face. Holy shit.
Oh my God.
She's a creature of the internet from pre-internet.
That's the power of the 80s.
Unless it's less funny if she was,
if she currently had AIDS.
Look, context is everything.
And she was sharp with that one.
She had that locked and loaded somehow.
Well, yes.
You, Keely, if you count the four parks in Disney,
then obviously there's more.
I'm only counting the parks with their own Disney castle.
I've decided that's criteria for some reason.
I'm only counting the parks with their own Disney castle.
I've decided that's criteria for some reason.
Based on what? Based on feeling...
my feelings.
Your feefies.
Yeah. AIDS got a higher rank than all of these.
That was a 10? That was a 10.
You were rambling through it, but...
people love that AIDS one.
Man, my chat loves the AIDS ones.
You gotta know your audience, okay?
And at this point, you should literally know your audience case.
Oh yeah, I guess I could just functionally know my audience,
given the size.
Okay, um...
More. There's more.
Oh my God, she's trying to final destination herself.
Damn.
Oops, that's not right.
I forgot we even have that music, you.
Sometimes the gorilla goes in place whatever.
That is an incredibly precarious looking collection of wood.
It really did feel like the driver
was trying to final destination whoever was behind them.
Maybe they were. Maybe that was from the filming
of Final Destination.
With a rare unseen angle of
whatever happened from the trailer.
I don't know if you can see it,
but whatever happened from the trailer.
I have never seen the Final Destination movie
where the guy gets smushed by a log,
but I have seen the trailer where a guy
cuts away...
It cuts away right before the guy gets smushed by a log.
If anyone wants to know my reference point,
I didn't.
9.73 and I agree.
I think it was a fairly
accurate summation of all of our feelings,
but not quite it, man.
Thanks for clarifying, Chet.
That's what I'm here...
That's what I'm here for. I'm also burping.
Shit, he's an athlete.
Damn, let's see that again.
That dude's fast as fuck, boy.
He really was... he was Scooby doing the universe there.
I'm impressed.
Yeah, that's...
That's what athleticism looks like.
I know you're not used to seeing a case, but sometimes...
A powerful enough athlete.
Gryll, what are you doing?
Sometimes he stops and starts.
Guess so.
Okay.
Let's keep him moving.
We got a lot of these.
Go real slow with all these segments,
so, you know, I'm going to keep the pace up.
Okay, we'll just cut to it then.
I mean, I have to explain that I'm going to go fast
while talking a lot first.
Oh, right on the fricking...
wet face, that girl.
That's nuts.
He's giving her a swirly with his own body.
Oh!
Just fish-scaled instantly.
Let's see that.
One more fucking time.
Instantly replayed again and again.
Let's pause it on the point of contact.
First of all, he'd fricking knocked this kid out.
He just lost all his baby teeth.
This kid nightmares for life,
and this girl, essentially, unfortunately,
just got her first kiss from a fish.
And that's how life treats you sometimes.
That's why we all went behind that car
just waiting to get hit by a fricking tree stump.
Not all foundational experiences are kind, Case.
Sorry.
It's just a fish.
That's a huge fish, dude.
That wouldn't fuck with your head.
You're chilling out, you and your siblings.
Boom, all of your lives forever ruined by a fish.
What do you have against fish?
They're wet as hell.
There's no creature wetter than a fish.
And they're just touching you?
Crazy.
You think a fish is the wettest creature?
By definition.
They're as wet as you can possibly be.
I think it depends how you're measuring.
What about interior wetness?
A fish has to be wetter than your average human.
The inside of a fish is wetter than any human's insides.
That's just a fact.
I just don't know if that's...
They're fully made of... They're water, Case.
You could say they're made of water. They may as well be.
It's sick. It's sick what fish do.
That's why they're not even...
They don't even count as animals, as far as I'm concerned.
Wow, I didn't know you felt this strongly about fish.
I hate them.
I hate the fish, Case.
Too wet.
Why are you scared of wet things?
Because they're gross and they're slimy.
The wetness makes you slimy over time.
It's a pescophobe, a pescophobe.
Do we have to use the word phobe though?
That makes... Can I just be like, I'm a fuck fish?
No, that can't... It's not an adjective chat.
I'm just a fuck fish guy.
That makes it sound like you're a fuck fish.
It's the awfully opposite.
I'm grossed out by them.
They're scared of fish.
No, they're just fucked up. I'm not scared.
You're clearly scared of fish.
I'm not scared of them. They're just fucked up and they're wet.
I'm going to tell my girlfriend about this.
She'll be on my side. You mean the chatterbait model?
No, it's chat year bait. Okay?
And her name's LexiPro.
78, 99, 69.
Shit, I just doxed my girlfriend.
She's on a public website.
Her name's LexiPro?
Are you sure you didn't just, like,
maybe drink too much cough syrup and hallucinate this?
Oh my god, you're being so mean.
She's not from Canada for the record.
If you're trying to go there, let's just keep watching videos.
No salary?
Relax.
I'm throwing Wi-Fi
passwords on a Starred
internship.
Try not to crush the suit this time, kid.
Damn, I really like
what Robert Donnie's done with the character,
because I know he's Dr. Doom now, but
that means he has to put a spin on Tony Stark
and I think he put the right spin on it.
I agree. I think that's some of the best acting I've ever seen Robert Donnie do.
And I cannot wait
to see that version
of
the Iron Man
in the next Avengers film.
Me either.
Legitimately, if that guy showed up
in Avengers, I would be
so pumped.
It's all serious. Chris Evans is back
for whatever reason. He's like, I'm young again.
And that guy comes out, he's like, very good to see you, Chris.
Well, he wouldn't
he'd need to be called Captain America.
You know, in this, he would call him Chris.
Very good to see you, Chris.
The defeating Dr. Doom is what we will do now.
But first, I'll be needing you to sign these papers.
Okay, I'm into this. I'm into this plot.
Oh, I saw this
on Tweetor.
This is a tweet from tech Holla
hyping up the forthcoming
A Apocalypse of media.
Oh, yes.
There's a little tweet from tech. Oh my God, we're going to the streets too.
Damn, I keep overloading on segments.
Are my segments, is my segment stopper working?
You have a segment stopper?
It's supposed to stop after four requests. I don't even know.
Anyway, this is always a tweet from some guy about how
AI is going to take over sitcoms.
Let's see what he's working with.
Rachel.
Pizza's here. I'm telling you, it was a deliberate move.
There's no way that could be intentional.
Oh, you guys are so funny.
And there's some bricks to maybe
and my ma and run in house.
That's a classic joke.
I didn't even know I was doing just that.
I just said, I cure it.
Melly cats, melly cat, what are they feeding you?
I mean, if I'm laughing, it's working.
Damn.
Dude, sitcoms got like, what's the word? Postmodern or some shit?
I'm not sure that's how I would describe
whatever it is we just saw.
That's some postmodern stuff.
It was breaking down the genre
in a very insightful way.
That's why AI is so important.
It's not just about the world.
It's a very insightful way.
That's why AI is so powerful.
Because it takes genre tropes
and it twists them up.
Well, it literally does.
It just takes every trope ever
and literally twists them up into like a giant.
Just
not of completely mediocre slop.
I think it was impressive.
Let's see what else tech-halla has to say.
I mean, I don't think he got enough exposure over this.
Definitely not rage bait tweet.
So I want to see what else tech-halla
has for us.
Oh, yeah. This guy's
this guy's fucking next level.
Senior telecommunications engineer
and developer sharing daily
insights on generative AI.
Look at him go.
Character... oh, there's no...
I thought there was audio to this, but there's not.
Dude, character consistency
and clothing.
This is pin tweet.
I'm not sure what else
this is pin tweet.
Look at this man. He's having...
he's living a life,
imaginearily.
He's just reposting this shit 24-7.
This one blew up for him.
This one... oh, look at this.
Let's see another piece of his artwork.
A royal cheese.
Metric system and a fancy label.
Still a burger.
You know what they call a quarter pounder with cheese in Paris?
What do they call it? A royal with cheese.
A royal with cheese.
Metric system and a fancy label.
Still a burger.
Dude, fascinating.
Because that's two different models
making the same scene
that was already a scene.
It sure is.
And the second one was...
the second one was
as was the first one.
That's what's so fascinating about AI.
Everything it makes is a
a new model.
It's a new model.
That's what's so fascinating about AI.
Everything it makes...
it makes.
You'd rather watch this show?
Travis, no!
Look, I swear to God,
I'll become AI to make you watch this show instead.
We don't even know.
If this is more of a stream than a show.
Oh, you just got that, my girlfriend is a meme?
My girlfriend is a model meme going around?
I don't even know what meme that is.
So the second one was supposed to be better there.
No.
Look, it's just different models.
What you don't understand about AI is
it's not all about quality.
It's also about vibes.
Both of those had vibes.
They did. One had more of a vibe
where the shot was from the front.
And the second one had a vibe where the shot
was from the side.
That takes two different models.
Let's end on not AI.
Let's just...
Let's see what live and sleazy is
shared for us here.
Let's see.
Oh, God.
Maybe we don't end on that one?
That one did not go where I was expecting it to.
I tried to see that one, apparently.
Some members of chat have seen that one, but I hadn't.
Yeah, we won't end on that one.
Maybe it was okay.
Didn't look like he was okay.
There's no proof that he wasn't okay.
The video ended.
So he's probably fine.
Fine.
What the f...
You guys heard the song, so I guess I have to show you this now.
6.29 for that one.
That's just training.
That's just effective training.
You wouldn't know because you've never trained MA.
It's MMA, actually.
No, it's not. You're wrong.
You've never trained MA, so you wouldn't know.
But that's standard stuff.
Doing a headstand split.
Getting walloped.
It's just N.A.B. workout.
I think you're right, but I can't read that.
Case has to do that and let Shet punch him for the workout stream.
Can I do the workout stream?
Seeing as you refuse to do it?
Technically, I think you can, Shet.
You can do it for me.
Okay, I'll do it.
I'll do it.
But we can't do it next week because next week I'm leaving on Wednesday.
I can do it Monday.
I can do it Tuesday.
Well, your schedule is more open than mine, Shet.
Yeah, right.
Yeah, right!
You're right!
Funny26.
Maybe we can do it next Tuesday.
I just have to
plug a camera in.
That's what's holding you back.
Honestly, more or less,
I just have to figure out how to run it off my laptop,
and I haven't felt like setting it up.
But I can do it pretty easily.
Yeah, you do have seven kids.
You should be busier than me.
I don't think you are.
No, I literally have seven kids.
Six.
You forgot how many kids you have.
Six.
As far as I know.
You know what I mean?
Okay, look, I mean, y'all know I did.
You were crazy up there.
Anyway, that's all the time we have before I got myself in trouble.
But, you know, I do have sex.
Okay, I do. I really do.
I have.
Nothing is working correctly.
Everything is broken.
Case, you've broken it all.
Hmm.
I do seem to have broken it all.
What the fuck?
Hmm.
We have to go with the different host actually.
Uh, let's just talk to...
What?
We were going to talk to GERF,
but then GERF got up and left, and now Scrum is here.
Scrum is just malfunctioning today, so...
What can you do?
Scrum walked in, and GERF just
sighed and got up and left.
No, we just took a breath.
You took a deep breath. Not every breath that's deep is a sigh, Case.
Hmm.
Well?
Let's check out the news that Chad shared.
Ugh.
I don't want to. I don't care what they've shared.
Can you not be openly hostile
to the people that very kindly
are possibly watching us?
They're not my friends, Case,
and they're not your friends.
There are enemies.
What? That's right, Chad.
I think of you as an enemy, to be bested.
And today I will defeat you.
Why do you think of them that way?
They're always chatting.
You... They're...
It's literally a Twitch stream.
What else are they supposed to do?
Be silent.
You're encouraging my chat not to chat.
I think that they... do it too much.
Shut up already.
See? Look, now they're barely chatting,
because they're still chatting at, like, the exact same pace.
You would.
What are you not mad at?
I like Nichols.
The current...
You like the piece of change, a nickel.
Mm-hmm.
Because it's not quite a penny.
But it's also not quite a dime.
What? Why do you like that?
It's in the middle. It's reasonable.
It's a reasonable amount of sense.
You like Nichol back?
Yes.
But mostly because Nichol is in the name.
I like Nichols.
Mostly because Nichol is in the name.
I don't claim to be a fan of their music.
If someone asks if you like Nichol back,
and you say yes intrinsically,
I think you are saying you are a fan of their music,
and that's where we disagree.
That's where we disagree?
That is where we...
Probably the one place where we disagree.
Sorry, we can't agree on everything.
From all we do is disagree.
90% of the stream is just people disagreeing with each other.
Anyway, chat, shut up!
Oh my god, okay.
We're just going to check in on the news that chat shared.
And you're going to read it.
Scrum, okay?
We'll see. You're going to.
Alright, sorry chat.
Jeez.
Let's get into it.
News!
Could NBA Young Boy Concerts
be impacting pro
sports teams performances this season?
I have so little
understanding of the sentence that you just read.
I have so little understanding of the sentence that you just read.
I feel like I know nothing about either of these topics.
You don't know about football?
This is basketball.
So picture this.
The NBA Young Boy, yes, the rapper,
famous not just for his music,
but also for the rowdiest, most
plug-in-your-nose fan bases in the game.
Plug-in-your-nose fan bases in the game?
Julia Beverly, what does that mean?
Oh, this is by Prezzy Brown.
This is by Prezzy Brown.
Is that...
Is that a common saying?
Plug-in-your-nose?
What does that mean?
You don't know, but I know.
But I won't tell you.
Anyways, coming through town and turning your arena
into a concert,
part-concert, part-endurance-us.
I gotta look this up, actually.
Plug-in-your-nose.
Google is no help.
Is that a...
Or is she trying to say they're smelly?
But even then, I've just known
that they're not smelly.
But even then, I've just never heard that before.
The real question here is
what is Prezzy Brown up to?
The writer of this... of this Vibe article, yes.
You're not that...
Propaganda thinks you could be a basketball star just because you're tall.
Well, it takes more than that case.
It also takes really nice shoes.
I don't think the shoes are that important.
Well, yes, they are. All of their business is based on the shoes.
Anyway, young boy.
NBA young boy.
I'm not gonna go to a concert. Everybody was amped up or something.
Anyway, the next morning, the venue has
its hands over its keys to the professional team
that calls the arena home and says good luck.
He's going around
doing concerts in basketball arenas.
What are we gonna finally get
appropriately titled arenas for each event?
Music halls.
NBA sport arenas.
Cooking arenas.
Cooking arenas.
Dance arenas.
What are the needs in arena for each event?
Hmm...
Hot dog arenas.
Just because people eat hot dogs.
A cookie arena for the various cookie contests.
I just don't think that's the most efficient use of space.
How is this lady...
What is this article?
What is young boy doing at these arenas
to make it different than any other concert
that you have to clean up after?
Well, I'll tell you because on October 11th,
he performed in Orlando at the Kia Center.
The next day, the heat took on the magic.
Then on October 26th, he performed in Charlotte.
Two days later, he played...
He played the Hornets.
Are you listening yet?
What is this article about?
Most recently, he performed in San Antonio.
Beat reporter Ira Winderman
captured this curious pattern with biting clarity.
For the third time this season, the heat are playing in arena.
The night is coming.
The heat are playing in arena.
The night is coming.
The heat are playing in arena.
The night after NBA Young Boy had a concert.
And it smells the same as the first two.
Locker Room literally closed here in San Antonio
with signs that they are being disinfected.
Oh, so by plugging your nose,
they did just mean he's stinking out the whole arena?
What is he doing?
Is it just weed?
What's the claim here?
Can she get to this in less than 10 paragraphs?
Patience.
In short, what's happening is this.
There you go.
When an arena hosts a Young Boy crowd,
there's a lingering scent of chaos
and marijuana tinged air.
A level of post-party residue that apparently
requires disinfecting and a visiting team
that has to walk into the same space
for serious business.
It's not all fun and games
when you're having your little marijuana concert.
That has to be so common.
Why are they calling out Young Boy for this?
Could his fans be smoking that much more weed?
Or do they like grinding wheat
into the concrete?
Sorry, weed?
Or do you think they're sowing the fields
at these concerts?
I do not.
I guess they're smoking so much weed
that it stinks the next day.
I feel like they're just going after Young Boy here.
I don't think it's fair.
Maybe this can be the conspiracy
that we talk about today.
I'll save it for that.
Making the women exterminator, that could be it.
The ladies are getting so into the concert
that you think they're creating a smell.
I don't appreciate that there's an HR toilet here,
but I do think you deserve to talk to one.
What's that?
No, no, there's no time.
There's no time. I'll be the judge of that!
What?
You're not paying attention HR toilet, so
there's no time.
How to prepare for an on-camera audition.
This is for the how-tos.
This one got put in the wrong section.
I'll save this for Jeb, who's also
apparently got a second...
There's no way we can do all these segments today.
I'm gonna have to save some for tomorrow.
We'll at least save Trip for tomorrow.
I'll try to do the other three.
Okay, you know what? Hurry up Scrum.
Hurry up because we've got too many segments to do.
And we haven't clicked on the chat news in days,
so there's tons of it.
We gotta go faster.
Scrum, are you hearing me?
You're bad, not you're bad.
Life is easy. Literally my bad.
I can turn off these segmental...
...sets anytime.
Um, okay.
More news.
When using AI users
fail the Dunning-Kruger trap
in reverse. A new study reveals
when interacting with AI tools like
Shat, gbbt.
Everyone, regardless of skill level, overestimates
their performance. Researchers found that
the usual Dunning-Kruger effect disappears
and instead, AI literate users
show even greater overconfidence
in their abilities. I can't believe that.
I can't... we certainly didn't just see an example of that
with someone
posting their slop like it's
a revolutionary sitcom tool.
I don't know what you're talking about.
And shut up. And that goes for you too, chat.
Quit telling my chat to shut up.
I will never stop hating you.
Ever!
What did chat ever do to you?
Legitimately.
They're throwing bits.
And they're chatting.
That's too much.
King Charles III strips Prince Andrew of titles
and evicts him from royal residence.
I thought he was doing that to himself.
I thought he was like, you can't fire me.
I fire me.
Well, now he's also been evicted.
Not those people. Those people are getting home.
King Charles III on Thursday stripped
his disgraced brother Prince Andrew of his remaining
titles and evicted him from his royal residence
after weeks of pressure
to act over his relationship with sex
affectant or Jeffery Epstein.
To the King's rare move which follows years of
shameful scandals, he will be known
as Andrew Monbaton Windsor
and not as Prince, and he will have to
vacate his royal mansion near Windsor Castle.
Are you happy now?
Me?
Uh, no.
No, I think you should be even more disgraced
than this.
It's interesting though, seeing as so many people
have been extremely dismissive of, uh,
the allegations of Virginia
Goofrey or Guffrey, I should not
say her name, I don't know.
She released posthumously
a book, um, that indicted
Prince Andrew even further, which seems
to coincide with, uh, his
stripping of titles and lands here.
But I've also seen a lot of people
claim that, you know,
the alleg- like, I think the official line
from the royal family is that
they don't believe the allegations
outlined in that book.
And yet this is happening, so...
Interesting. I wasn't interested
in what you were saying.
So take that. I know, Scrum.
I know. I don't know why you're here,
actually.
But I do know that's how you feel.
I go where I want.
Oh, so you want to be here? No.
But...
Cash Patel scrambled government jet to
watch girlfriends sing at wrestling
boat, report says.
What?
Who's this girlfriend?
Um, Mr. Booboo says,
people don't care about pedophile
unless it's convenient.
I mean, I'm sure it's not convenient for
the royal family to, um,
distance themselves from
one of the many famous members of their family.
So, I mean, I do think
they're responding on one level or another here to public pressure.
And just public
interest in this story.
It's just interesting how inconsistent they are
with how they approach it.
I guess the pressure,
the amount of allegations
and just the amount of awareness of them
was too much and they finally had a cave and just
cut this guy off.
Though I suspect he will, despite being
thoroughly disgraced,
more or less be fine.
Not that he deserves to be.
We're talking about a different thing now.
FBI Director Cash Patel traveled to
Pennsylvania State University over the weekend to watch his girlfriend perform at a wrestling event according to a recent report that cited flight records associated with the government register jet.
Patel appeared alongside his partner country singer Alexis Wilkins
at the Real American Freestyle event
at the school.
Oh, not even fake?
Sorry, fun wrestling?
That's what you're saying is mean to
one or two, either one of the thing.
I was kind of hoping that
he showed up at a WWE event
flying directly into a town on Air Force Patel.
But I guess not.
I guess it was actual
wrestling.
What you're saying is rude to wrestling,
case.
Yeah, it was American Freestyle wrestling.
It's the Hulk Hogan promotion.
Rest in peace.
To Hogan? No to the promotion. I'm assuming it won't last.
It's still going. Yeah, but for how long?
You know what I think real wrestling is the other wrestling, actually.
I'm gonna go ahead and say that.
I think real wrestling is pro wrestling.
And what's traditionally real wrestling is actually fake wrestling.
What?
Yeah, sorry. Sorry. Anyone who dedicated their life to college wrestling.
Other wrestling is realer than you.
Disgusting.
NZXT hit with
Civil Rico
in California over controversial
PC rental biz.
Class action lawsuit alleges PC Flex program
is bait and switch scheme that included
the used and inferior hardware.
Well,
I don't know if you had an acronym, so I refused to say it more than once.
Do better.
That was good to see you.
You still haven't seen anything from American Freestyle?
I remember seeing clips of Hogan
introducing it before.
I remember seeing clips of
Hogan introducing it before he died.
But, uh,
I have not seen anything of it
since his death.
And it just being mentioned alongside his death.
Oh, God.
Ne-Home.
Guys, the line. The line still exists.
Walk the line.
Saudi Arabia unveils first-ever
$1 billion sky stadium.
Wait.
This is real?
No, that's almost certainly real.
No, that's almost certainly
a mocked up fake picture
for another thing that they
are going to claim to build.
But let's...
You know what, let me see if I can find a story
if there's a video of this.
Because I...the original line video
that Saudi Arabia put out
was a classic.
A real banger.
Damn it, is this just a picture?
Well, here's the picture at least.
You're against this?
You don't think this is impressive?
You're not impressed?
I mean, I'm pretty sure that's...
gotta be an AI image or...
if we want to be generous,
like a...
an artist mock up of this?
How it would look?
How big would that skyscraper have to be?
Also...
do you want to put like 16,000 people
at the roof of like a swaying
of a building that has to be built
like handle the swaying of the wind?
These are questions that only the true
experts involved in the construction
of projects like Neom can answer, so...
Yeah, stay in your lane, case.
Let the architects architect, okay?
There's an Instagram post about it, but it's
not loading.
Um...
Sky stadium.
Let me see. Let me see if...
Okay, here we go.
Here's the full vid.
Wow.
It looks even more impressive...
when moved.
This looks so real, it's like I'm looking
at Google Maps.
You wouldn't go to the Sky Stadium case?
I am confused, though. Is this not part
of the line?
Is this not part of Neom?
Because it doesn't look like it's existing
in the line.
The line is just one line.
Is there even room for a skyscraper in the line?
Looks majestic, I agree, John.
Probably gonna say it looks like one of those
Bubble Dome hockey games you would see
at old school arcades. It does look
a little like that.
Oh, it kinda does look like HR toilets cousin.
Excuse me?
What?
Is that offensive? No, that's a good one.
That's a good one.
Oh, he likes that one. Okay.
I guess that's how he laughs at things.
Alright, let's do two more and then let's get out of here.
Two more!
You know what? Maybe three more!
We're almost caught up.
Oh, yeah, there's new water, apparently.
I do need to learn about this new water.
Oh, and Mr. Beast's bank.
Okay, maybe a couple more.
Why doesn't the HR toilet have a toilet seat
or a lid?
I'm an HR toilet!
I'm not here to...
I'm not used for that.
Can you say you're...
That that stands for hot rectum? Yeah.
I'm mostly
a wide bidet.
I'm listening.
Yeah, I'm a wider bidet.
So you squat over me and I
put out a huge beam
of water
that totally cools down the hottest rectums.
It doesn't matter how hot your rectum is.
My wide
beam of bidet water could cool off
any hot rectum
regardless of the size.
What if the rectum was bigger than you?
What if the rectum was the size of a...
cookie pizza?
I could handle that.
Okay, but what if it was the size of...
hmm...
a trampoline.
Individual trampoline?
No, full backyard size trampoline.
There's no rectum that size.
What if there was?
Could you handle it?
A fully... like a big backyard trampoline?
Yeah.
Uh...
I could try.
You know what? I could try.
I don't care.
No one's... this is never gonna happen.
Oh, really?
Yeah, okay, so you don't know that.
That could happen.
And if there's a hot rectum the size of a...
full backyard trampoline
and it needs to be cooled
and he's not ready,
that's the kind of thing we need to know.
When is that ever gonna happen?
It could happen and I know that I'm not really ready.
I'll admit it, I'm not really ready.
Well, get ready then!
Get ready, toilet.
Thank you for holding me accountable.
What are we even talking about right now?
Shut up!
Yeah, shut up, Case.
Let's just move on.
Related to what we were just discussing.
Is Mr. Beats launching his own bank?
What we know.
I don't care.
I don't know. I just don't care.
Never mind. Can we move on?
You don't want to know Mr. Beats' bank?
Maybe he's launching...
his own bank.
He wouldn't bank with Mr. Beast?
He literally gives money away.
It would definitely be a scam bank
to Mr. Whoopi-Boo-Boo's point.
What's the scam
when you're giving away millions of dollars?
You're a Mr. Beast fan?
No, I think it's disgusting.
Why would he do that?
He's undermining the economy.
You think Mr. Beast, by himself,
is undermining the economy? Yes.
Yes, I do.
This is a doll named Robert the Doll.
This isn't really a new story,
but I just want you to know.
This is an option.
What do you mean? Just think of the options in life.
Robert the Doll is one of them.
It's just a fact.
Okay.
Also, here's this robot.
If you watched, uh...
If you watched the Patreon yesterday,
you saw this robot.
But if you didn't, you didn't see this robot.
So let's learn about Neo the Robot.
Maybe we'll go... Maybe we'll go with this one.
So let's learn about this water first, actually.
Before we get to Neo the Robot,
I tried Santori's, uh...
Takusui...
Takusui water.
A water containing functional ingredients
that help reduce visceral fat.
Ooh, visceral fat.
I feel this fat viscerally.
What does that mean?
Well, I'm telling you, you fool.
Well, there are many beverages containing functional ingredients
that help reduce visceral fat.
Santori, the company behind Takucha,
released the first functional food in the water category.
And it works.
And look, what we're saying is it works,
and it's our sponsor.
No, I'm not sponsored by Santori fat-reducing water.
I also don't know if it works.
Well, I'm sponsored by it and it works.
Uh, HMPA is said to almost be tasteless,
odorless and colorless,
so there is almost no difference in taste when drinking it.
But it seems that Takusui does not contain
the slight sweetness you feel drinking soft mineral water.
Okay, I'm out.
I don't want to be sponsored by you anymore.
That's not my kind of soft mineral water.
I need the slight taste of sweetness.
You were never sponsored by them, Scrum.
You can't prove that.
You just said it out loud.
That's not how sponsorships work.
We're learning about Neo the Robot.
I don't want to get into my past sponsorships.
And are falling out.
Okay, and this isn't a drama stream.
Yes, I know.
It's here.
Whatever.
The Wall Street Journal is doing a deep dive
on the Robot Neo.
We'll watch that instead of the thing we watched
on the Patreon yesterday,
just for a slightly different perspective here on Neo the Robot,
but it's official, guys.
In-house robot cleaners are a thing,
and all they cost is 20 grand
and the time of some person operating them remotely.
Let's check out the future.
What the fuck?
Scrum, can you get out of the satellite room?
I'm back.
Okay, anyway, here's this.
Humanoid Robot Housekeeper.
Thank you, Neo.
For $20,000, you can pre-order 1x's Neo Robot now,
with delivery in 2026.
I think you missed a tiny spot over here.
Just one little catch.
There may be a human behind the curtain
pulling the robot strings.
If I throw up, will the robot throw up?
A company representative may need to peer into your house
via Neo's camera eyes to get things done.
To many people, this is crazy.
You have to be okay with this
for the product to be useful.
But is Neo a useful product?
We're 20.
You have to be okay with this.
Were you just laughing?
No, I was grimacing at the madness of the world.
I'm okay with it, though.
Oh, you're fine with this?
Everyone's doing labor all the time,
whether they're a robot or an army of trained mice.
Everyone does labor,
and this is just another type of it.
Okay?
So let them in your house and have them mop your floors.
What, are you too good for it?
No, I just...
Why not just have a person come in and do that?
Because we're in the future, in our case.
And this is the future.
Now, Neo.
Home robots have had two big challenges.
One is treating a safe and capable body,
and a smart brain.
One X is taking on both of those,
which is why Neo looks so different
from a more industrial factory robot.
Neo, it's 70 degrees here in California.
Why are you wearing a sweater?
Good question.
Bert, why am I wearing a sweater?
It's a combination of safety
and just also generally aesthetics.
Wait, that was also just a guy.
They either made a generative style voice
that just sounds like a guy talking remotely.
That's just a guy talking on a mic remotely.
You can think of it kind of like a skin,
except if it was an actual skin,
that would probably be pretty creepy.
It would be creepy,
but I actually wasn't all that creeped out by Neo.
Inside Neo, it really starts with
some very, very powerful motors
that we have developed here on One X.
These motors are so strong and light
that instead of using the classical gears
that you see in robots,
we can actually pull on 10 loosely inspired by...
It does kind of look like just a guy in a suit.
This allows Neo to move around
not just quietly and smoothly,
but also be very, very lightweight
and be very low-energy in motion,
just like people.
That lightweight design is intended for our safety.
In case the 66-pound robot falls.
Although Neo is capable of lifting up to 150 pounds,
it's not as superhuman as you'd think.
Crush it. It's a walnut.
There's this concept that we think
that robots are superhuman in pressure and strength.
And some robots are because they're heavily geared,
but that means you're not sensitive.
And delicate.
Neo doesn't work like this at all.
It works more like us.
So the finger strength of Neo is about the same as a human.
That body lets Neo try to do what it thinks humans do.
Emphasis on try.
Can I get a water?
If only the real world didn't have doors.
All in the Tokyo A Little Home
for a minute to fetch a water from the fridge
10 feet away.
Thank you, Neo.
Next challenge.
Load three items in the dishwasher.
You got this, Neo. You got it.
Oh my God.
Dude, it's like this.
It's like a person that took too much, too many hallucinogens.
Like, I can't feel my body, man.
Whoa.
And that took five minutes.
The Neo I saw isn't the one shipping in 2026.
The new model will be safer and have better hand dexterity.
The one I saw still needed to take breaks to charge
and cool down.
The challenge isn't just Neo's body.
It's also its brain.
The body has to perform tasks safely,
but the brain needs to know how to do them on its own
without human help.
But right now, everything I saw Neo do
was guided by a skilled pilot.
Teleporation is essentially when there is a human in the loop.
And who is the voice I'm hearing right now with Neo?
I am a remote operator.
It's just a fucking guy.
They didn't even give it like a goddamn sore up,
like a fucking lexavoid.
She didn't hear me, don't worry.
You're being extremely negative.
You're complaining about me being negative.
I'm saying give this robot the same chance.
You would give any other thing being operated by a guy
in a different room.
Okay, I will do that.
And what's your name?
I have more of a Chinese version.
What's your real name?
It's because it'd be so good.
My real name is Turin.
Like, that's your name on your birth certificate?
Yes, it is.
Alan Turin was of course the famous computer science
and artificial intelligence pioneer.
Oh, my God, everything's a parody of itself.
But his turn with a VR headset and controllers
was the one actually operating Neo.
That is, until he handed me the controllers.
I actually might throw up.
I think my hand is...
I have no idea where I'm facing.
This is me doing the Macarena.
Ooh.
Oh, that looks safe.
And Neo had to go to urgent care.
See you, Neo.
Why does Neo need to be operated like this in the first place?
Because its brain, a.k.a. an AI neural network,
needs to learn from more real-world experience.
Oh, okay.
Guys, you know, we don't even need to finish this.
Because don't worry.
Because you know how it is with AI products.
You're going to be impressed at how incredibly good it gets
in like six weeks.
Yeah, like, we're six weeks away
from this being a really good and functional product.
So just, it's going to blow your mind
the pace of development here.
Oh, I mean, you saw that video of the sitcom.
That looks a lot.
Don't you remember when AI was like,
saw Miyazaki cartoons?
Yeah, it was like a couple months ago.
And now it's that sitcom.
The pace of development is insane.
How much is it?
You know what?
We can finish the video, actually.
But I'm just amazed how consistent the marketing always is.
It's like, we just need a little bit more data.
And then this thing is going to be a completely functional robot
that cleans your house.
Those are the robot doing things via tele-operation.
I haven't seen them say that.
Exactly, but that's what everyone in the chat's been saying.
That's why 1x is putting Neo in the homes of early adopters.
I think it's quite important for me to just say that
in 2026, if you buy this product,
it is because you're okay with that social contract.
If we don't have your data, we can't make the product better.
I'm a big fan of what I call Big Brother Big Sister principle.
Big Sister helps you.
Big Brother is just there to kind of monitor you.
And we are very much the Big Sister.
Depending on how much you want to trade,
we can be more useful.
And you decide where on that scale you want to be.
Do you right now know what things, Neo, in 2026?
Isn't it a little worrisome to think about that guy
thinking for a long time about how to sell this to people?
And that's what he ended up with.
Just a bizarre Big Brother analogy.
What do you have against Big Brothers?
I thought your Big Brother was in the chat.
Just, you know, that word has certain connotations.
It's like AI companies or like food companies calling themselves Soylent.
Or naming your spying giant media company Palantir.
It's like do all of these guys need to just directly say the thing that they're doing?
Truth and advertising.
We'll do autonomously versus what it will do teleoperated.
So when you get your Neo in 2026,
it will do most of the things in your home autonomously.
The quality of that work will vary and will improve drastically quite fast as we get data.
To be clear, on my visit, I didn't see Neo do anything autonomously.
The company did share this video of Neo autonomously opening the door.
There's this new trending concept now called AI Slop, right?
I do not.
This is a very powerful concept of let's call it robotics slop.
It's the most useful kind of slop.
Because if you put all of my glasses from my dishwasher in my cabinet, I'm pretty happy.
It is going to be not perfect, but back to like just incredibly useful.
Neo might not fold my shirt perfectly,
but if an arm is like kind of hanging out of the shirt, like it's okay.
It's robotic slop.
Oh, to me at least, like that's very okay.
Honestly, it isn't bad.
Oh, thank you.
But the reality is, at least at first,
much of Neo's work will be done by someone else.
There will be an app where you can schedule teleoperation,
specifying exactly what and when you want Neo to do things in your house.
So we want to, of course, make sure that we respect privacy as much as possible
and that it's always on your terms.
You are always in control.
Some examples of that say is the little sister.
Teleoperator does not see you, right?
We can blur people.
Teleoperator also cannot go into specific parts of your home.
Or you said no-go zones.
So that's enforcement software level.
So even if the teleoperator tried,
it cannot get the robot to go into those homes.
And also the teleoperator can never connect to a robot unless you approve it.
Other companies, like Figure and Tesla,
are also racing to build humanoid robots
and develop their own AI models to make them fully autonomous.
As someone who's always dreamed of the home robot straight out of the Jetsons.
Let's go home, Rose.
What's the saying?
The dream finally feels within reach.
But I also couldn't shake flashes of ex machina.
Do you have a name?
Eva.
Neo turns on the stove
and throws some paper on and walks away.
Can Neo do that?
Will Neo do that?
Neo will not do that.
Physically, can the robot do that?
Yes.
Physically, can a lot of products in your home do something dangerous
if they decide to do yes?
We will ensure that that is not something that Neo is allowed to do.
There are multiple layers of this.
My blender is always turning on the stove.
It is a real problem.
Neo decides to take a very heavy piece of wood,
like the top of a table,
and drop it on me when I'm sleeping.
Neo will not be able to or allowed to.
Physically capable of,
but it will not be allowed to pick up something that is that heavy.
So it's like things that Neo cannot do is like,
pick up something that is very hot,
pick up something that's very heavy,
pick up something that's very sharp.
Nice job, Neo. High five.
Nice. Oh, I'm over here.
Spending the day with Neo was a bit like spending the day
with a toddler learning how to do things in the world.
Come on. You got more than...
Oh, I'm going to break the robot.
The next few years isn't about owning a super useful robot.
It's about raising one.
Letting it learn from your home, routines, and chores.
All at the expense of the privacy of your inner sanctum.
Even if you think this is all crazy.
What Neo really signals is the beginning of physical AI
in our lives and homes.
A future where we may work alongside a new kind of machine.
What I really hope we can achieve is in five years,
everyone has a very high quality of life.
Everyone has a feeling of independence,
irregardless of their age or any kind of disability.
Everyone.
I do hope we can give people more of their agency back.
Don't worry. The people operating this robot will also have...
They'll have a different robot, too.
That's operated just by one of their colleagues,
just on a different schedule.
You're all about cooperation, right?
Wouldn't that just be cooperative living case?
Via a robot intermediary that you have to raise like a toddler?
So their sales pitch is, it doesn't work.
There's a guy operating it and it's really hard to operate.
And it's bad at everything.
It's going to do a bad job cleaning literally everything.
It's going to do a terrible job.
But hypothetically, it might improve after several years.
So buy one today.
Isn't that the same offer that children make
when they come scraping out of your disgusting womb sack?
No, I've never heard of kids come out and make that offer to me, Scrum.
You're just not hanging out with the right kids.
What?
Getting on the ground floor?
Yeah.
Yeah, get your robot baby toddler that you're raising on behalf of this Scandinavian.
It's lizard man.
Well, I guess his cousin operates it.
Well, to be fair, it's also, I don't even know what the range on these things is.
Is it over Wi-Fi?
I guess they could be anywhere then.
But I'm just not, I'm not even sure if that's the case based on this video.
It's like the guy was in the next room.
Get the studio a new robot.
Look, if Chad gives me $20,000, I will send it back.
I don't know what one of these things in my house.
Someone always has to make shit to a tech product before someone makes a good one.
I mean, look, I'm not even against an autonomous robot if it works that can do cleaning.
That could legitimately save people a ton of time.
It'd be nice if they didn't make it look like a BDI nightmare predator.
I'd prefer that for sure.
But this isn't that.
This is them doing a, like,
they're trying to, like, claim the space of robot home assistance before it's ready.
They're trying to, like, be in front of this basically and just put a product out first
that doesn't work, that you have to operate remotely with the promise that they can't deliver on that someday it will be autonomous.
And that's why this guy speaks purely in deeply troubling marketing terms
and everything's in the loop and in the pipeline and synergistically operating remotely via a telekinetic human connection or whatever.
Yeah, this is absolute trash and I hope this fails miserably.
They should actually finish these products before they bring them to market.
This is essentially like, you know, doing an early access release game
so you can get the people that briar product to do a, to do all the bug-testing for you,
except in this case there isn't even a functional game at all.
It's just like, hey, can you actually code the game for us?
Hypothetically a game could exist here.
Right now there is no game at all.
It's so early release actually there isn't a game.
It's, but there is a still frame you can look at.
It'll be another money grab and failed tech thing.
Yeah, I mean, well, but it'll probably somehow this guy will walk with the other end being a millionaire
and then he'll end up like, you know, the CEO of a different company that also fails
until he's just the CEO of Apple somehow.
Can't count it out currently.
This era of AI early adoption is wild.
Everyone throwing stuff at the wall trying to make a profitable product using AI.
Yeah, everyone is rushing to try to patch the holes in the ship
that are just seeping literal billions of dollars out.
That is just going to question marks.
I don't know, I really do think it's this kind of ethos that is going to lead to a
massive economic collapse within the next five years,
but probably sooner.
But who knows, maybe we just keep filling the imaginary tank with imaginary money
and it never happens, but this feels, this feels like the kind of thing that's going to be in a like
montage explaining what went wrong in 2025.
AI bubble bursting went when you tell me I'd love to know,
but it feels like it should have already and it hasn't.
So maybe that maybe that's positive.
I don't know.
Anyway, I feel pretty chill about it.
Actually, I'm actually being really chill today and you're being a stressful guy.
But what do I know?
I'm just the guy that actually tells it like it is.
This is why I want to remind you again, chat.
You are my enemy and I will stop you.
Just what does that mean?
What does that even mean?
Scrum, you know, you know exactly what you did and I am over it and I won't allow it anymore.
Melody Von Torture loves you.
You think that makes me feel good?
Really?
I know they're kidding.
Maybe they're not.
Okay.
That's, you know, that's, that's and they all love you.
What?
Well, they don't.
Me?
Scrum, relax, take a breath.
Little old me.
You guys are my enemy.
Stop it.
Stop it.
They're always like this.
You guys are silly that I hate it.
You are straight up smiling right now Scrum.
No, I am not.
Shut up.
Cut the music.
Play something scary.
I'm going to go for a bowel movement and I'm going to tell you all about it when I'm back.
No, you're not going to do that.
I am going to go have a loud bowel movement and describe it in incredibly accurate detail as soon as I return.
And that is not a threat.
That's a promise.
So you are in such a good mood and you can't hide it.
Not at all.
All right.
Look, that's enough.
That's enough Scrum.
I've had enough of you.
I've had enough of you.
Good.
I'm done.
Let's do one more segment because we really unsurprisingly took our time.
I guess let's end on a debate and then we will finally catch up on all these segments tomorrow.
I'll just turn off segment alerts.
We'll do these other segments.
You know, I'll let one segment alert through tomorrow.
That'll turn off segment alerts.
I will finally be caught up.
No one was worried about it in case you're wondering.
I was Scrum.
Not me.
Anyway, let's send it down to the debate room floor.
It's time for Munch and Crumb.
What the hell?
What does that keep happening?
Interrupting my Zoom?
That's insanity.
I don't, what?
Don't even worry about it.
Sorry, my head.
We're in a workout headband today.
A workout headband is showing.
Papito, get it together.
I don't even know what your problem is, but I don't appreciate it.
I don't understand what you're saying.
Yeah, Papito, what the hell?
Look, it's debate time.
I'm Munch.
I'm like, if someone made grits talk,
I don't mind being grits, classic Southern grits.
I can be gritty.
My actual name's Crumb though.
Yeah, we're having, I think we're having a little bit of a debate today,
which is, is Christine Ohm like Freddy Krueger or Jeff Dahmer?
JD Vance had people who hurled dogs,
or like both of them.
For context here, I do feel like we need to hear what JD Vance had to say
about dogs.
My boy JD,
some people say I look like his way sexier dad, actually.
Well, you look like him in a wig, if that counts.
Well, you look like him if he died and was not cool.
You okay today or something happened?
For even for you, that's whatever you're saying is kind of extra pathetic today.
JD Vance, I'm not responding to slander today.
JD Vance dogs.
Let's see what he had to say about dogs.
This is a vice president.
Okay.
I'm sure he's talking about something highly relevant to our natural culture
and society.
This was, if you remember the big controversy about all of the migrants
who came into Haiti, you know, 20,000 immigrants, Haitian migrants
in a town of 40,000 people.
So you blink your eyes in Springfield, Ohio, and you wake up
and literally a third of the population of your town is now Haitian immigrants
and eating cats and dogs, eating cats and dogs.
Now, Biden paroled those immigrants.
And what did that mean?
Those immigrants were now able, even if they didn't have kids,
all of them were able to access housing benefits.
This was, if you remember the big controversy.
He didn't say anything about Freddie Krueger there.
He's still talking about the insane Haitian migrant propaganda.
They're just still going with it.
We never stopped going with that.
It worked.
You might have noticed that it actually fully worked
and there were no consequences because it was true.
It doesn't even matter.
It doesn't even matter.
Look, it wasn't true.
Obviously, it doesn't matter though.
Doesn't matter.
It's spiritually true.
No, it's just spiritually really racist.
The only reason it feels true to you
is because you guys are so openly racist.
It's not racist to hate migrants.
Yes, it is.
Uh-uh.
I could hate a white migrant,
but the administration actively likes white migrants specifically.
Not all of them.
What about really light-skinned migrants?
Did they count as white?
Prem, you're just doing open racism right now.
Uh-uh, I said I'm not.
So I'm not actually.
Sorry.
Did he say something else about dogs?
Because I want to hear him talk about Freddie Kruger or whatever.
He literally said he was making it up, but it was a good story.
But also, he's admitted to openly being a troll in the past,
or boy JD.
He loves to say that he's a troll who's just doing jokes.
So look.
Oh look, here he's talking about hiking someone or something.
Let's see what this is.
I mean, I kind of obsessively trained him.
You could see this.
He sits on command.
He's still talking about dogs.
He has this command place, which is basically,
if I snap my finger in point, he will run to that place and lay down.
You don't have to zap him like this.
No, no.
No, like a son biker.
No, no, no electrocution of dogs here.
How does that sound like that?
What does that tell you about a person?
Well, I think it tells you that they're not, that they're bad people.
If you can actually cause suffering to an innocent animal,
you're probably the kind of person who doesn't worry about suffering
in people as well.
And that's been my experience.
If you mistreat dogs, that's almost a 100% sign that you're going
to be a really terrible person.
So that's, that's, it's one of the ways, you know,
we really sort of test people.
If Atlas responds well to them, if they like Atlas,
we know they're good people.
But you can tell if somebody's really mean to animals,
you know, it's like the Jeffrey Dahmer thing.
Like every serial killer ever has actually been really bad
to animals.
That's sort of how they started.
So Trump loves pets.
I don't know if I've ever seen Trump with an, like a dog.
Come on, you got, he's probably good with dogs.
There's got to be clips of him being like really cool
with animals, right?
I don't, I've never seen one.
Um, anyway, that's awful, whatever that guy did to the guy.
To the dog.
You don't know who Son Piker is.
Case mentions him semi-regularly.
He's like the most famous leftist political streamer.
There's a huge controversy over him not shocking his dog.
No, apparently he did do that.
What I just heard, he did that.
No, he like, but the thing is, he just functionally didn't
apparently.
Well, he said apparently so.
Well, look, none of us can fully know any of these, you know,
celebrity figures that we've never met.
I mean, I, but it seems like he didn't.
This is the softest defense I've ever heard.
It sounds like you 100% did it.
Well, no, I just functionally like showed the collar and
it seems like he, there's no history of him doing
anything cruel to the dog and seems completely erroneous
and made up in the general hate campaign towards this
guy.
So fucked up what he's doing to that dog.
Everything's Krum is saying is making me despise the
Sondpiker.
So I guess he did it.
No, I'm saying he didn't do it, but I was just the fact
that even your saying it means he did it.
So damn, that's fucked up.
He didn't do it.
It's entirely true.
There's just, there's a fully concerted effort from
literally the top of the administration to target
this one streamer because he's remotely popular and
espousing political viewpoints that to be clear,
I also disagree with what?
Look, I mean, he's got, he's ultimately is claiming to
be a socialist and we're a capitalist country.
We're on the same page about that.
I mean, obviously we're on the same page about that.
Like we're a capitalist country, 100% it's capitalist
country.
Socialism has never been proven to work.
It's literally never worked anywhere.
We're 100% on the same page there.
So, but you know, we have to defend his right to
say it.
I disagree with the second part actually.
Anyway, so is he Freddie Krueger or Jeffrey Dahmer?
JD said people who hurt dogs are both.
Oh, is Christie Noam more than?
Well, look, I disagree with the premise here,
obviously.
I do think she's a monster, but more like a sexy one.
I think she's kind of more like the silent hill
ladies that are like, you're like, damn, why does
that nurse have such kind of a, she's got like a sexy
figure, but she's sort of missing arms and a face.
That's kind of how I imagine Christie Noam more so.
But I had to go, which one's closer to a sexy
silent hill lady?
I guess Freddie Krueger, because Jeffrey Dahmer like is
real.
So that makes it more disturbing and kind of like
Christie Noam.
I am ahead in the playing count by the way.
So I do get to decide if I go first.
I think Freddie Krueger is closer because he's
both imaginary and he's clearly had some something
done to his face.
So I'm going to go with Freddie Krueger.
I'm going to go with Jeffrey Dahmer because Christie
Noam literally did like shoot a puppy in the head
and brag about it.
And she's deeply embedded in the signature policy of
the Trump administration and they're claiming
that everyone who's evil to a dog is a terrible
person and she's kind of legitimately the face
of their immigration policy.
She's more like Freddie Krueger also because
she's kind of funny.
What, what, when has she ever been funny?
All the time she's doing like memes and stuff
on roofs.
She's being like I'm using the bathroom.
It's hilarious.
And Freddie Krueger is also funny because he's
like the core of my character is I'm
molested children.
But what if you were spaghetti?
Remember that from the movie.
You know like you know the things he like molested
kids and then he got killed by the parents.
But also he's like cutting you up and he's
like he's doing like references and stuff while
he does it.
Okay fine.
I guess we have our sides.
I'm on the side of him being more of
Christiano being more like Jeffrey Dahmer.
And I do think she's she's got more of a
Freddie Krueger vibe because she's like playful
with it.
She's playful with it just like notorious
pedophile murderer Freddie Krueger.
Who's imaginary?
We're allowed to like imaginary pedophiles.
No we're not.
You shouldn't like any pedophile.
Yeah but if they're kind of like a if
they're just sort of like a classic horror
villain then you're allowed to like
because we all like Anthony Hopkins as
that pedophile that eats people.
He's not a pedophile.
He just eats people.
Well you're you want you can you can
like people that eat people but you're
not allowed to like imaginary pedophiles.
That's why I'm so mad that R Kelly isn't
imaginary because if he is imaginary
then we could still listen to his music.
Okay you know what I don't even know
if I'm on the ground.
I'm just gonna make this poll before
you keep talking.
And the main thing I'd love to have
it happen here is that you is that
okay our music still going.
Oh my god you didn't fix the music
um shoot.
Uh okay.
Um shoot shoot shoot shoot shoot.
I got this don't worry.
Turn it the music.
Okay.
No please don't do this.
Are you playing a mono version of the
step by step theme song?
Yeah.
Well we need music.
It's only out of one speaker?
Well yeah it's a it's a stereo
version that they forgot to fix.
Um anyway look uh it's really loud too.
Um what's Chrissy Ohm is doing is
actual violence and Jeffrey Dahmer was
a real individual so I think he's
close he's closer to an actual murderer
than an imaginary one and um both of
them are I just think if what we're
talking about is ideas here we should
reckon with the fact that she
represents actual violence towards
people and animals she committed real
violence towards an animal I cannot
get over this fuck you're trying to
actually do a debate over this god
damn one channel step by step theme
song can you stop equivocating and
getting distracted we're trying to
have an actual discussion here it's
in pop just pick any to play generic
music you're getting awfully rattled
here month is it because you can't
handle the actual debate topic it's
because you're playing unproperly
encoded step by step theme song how
long is it only playing a minute and
a half version you know there's a
longer version of the step by step
theme song there's an extended
cut but I'm a huge fan of your Jeffrey
Dahmer and Freddie Krueger what was
it why no they didn't even frame this
right it's what months of course
first what crumbs said well yeah it
was probably hard to track it's a
conceptually difficult one but the
easiest concept to understand is that
I got it again baby
hey hey what yeah one
it's the way talking so bad
yeah yeah I got it again
yeah oh my god stop this you are
Freddie Krueger what is happening
today coming back I'm on the come back
don't call it a crumb back I crumbed
on your back how does that show go
what we make it hand movements now oh
my god the whole problem here is as
usual that it was a confusingly framed
question by you crumb you muddy the
waters by being confusing in the
lead up and playing a loud theme
song out of one stereo channel can
you just get our old music back we
established a rhythm here the bait
song the bait thing plays very
simply have one job crumb I just
technically not my job at all it's
crazy that I do any of it later really
yeah oh my god stop can you cut
cut this out of your vocal tricks
okay you're not allowed to do the
little fast hot pitch talking I kind
of like how a fetal sure to be my
thing occasionally I shrink a paint
my talking you gotta die again I'm so
sorry everyone that I saved this
man from hell oh we're back on
this this isn't even hell crumb
coming out this is you this is just
you it's been me all along baby
hell crumb is me the killer's in the
room with you and it's not Kristi
gnome or Freddy Krueger or Jeffrey
Dahmer it's me one shotting you
munch kill shot tactically sideways
that's the end of the stream it's
the end of it I wish I was saying
that holistically that it was just
that this is over we're done with
this whole thing but it's probably
just the end of today's stream but it
should be over for you should just be
over it's just too much at this point
you need to be done this needs to be
done chrome why but Peter what is up
with that why does that keep happening
what did you do to the zoom I've never
done anything I'm totally an innocent
baby and you're being crazy baby baby
so mean what you do oh but Peter I'm not
I'm sorry I'm far you fucking dummy
what baby I hear you when you go back
on what you say instantly I can hear
that you're talking into a mic still
yeah right you can hear this little
dumb guy can you find someone to raid
I don't I don't know what a rain is
and I won't do it but I can do that
no problem play me a sick song yeah
music so hard to find why is music so
I can't find it guys I was gonna find
I started to find a step by step trap
but it doesn't exist oh well who's on
this is a full house trap beat but it's
just house music probably let's raid
Brucey baby we have a great picture
you haven't rated Bruce and well so I
have already typed it so I'm just
gonna go with it but Gerard is also
on there you go okay this is not a
full house beat so sad alright guys
I gotta get out of here we're gonna do
the one tomorrow we did already start
the Bruce Green raid but Gerard is
also on there we go okay I have to
click on various things have a great
night everybody we will be back tomorrow
most likely around four less crazy
things happen nothing will happen
slash on raid it's too late I don't
believe in that kind of thing once I
lock in yeah we'll be back tomorrow
we'll finish off these segments we'll
do the usual we'll probably record a
terrible song the kind of thing we love
to do you like that I'm laying
unrelated that's an unrelated day say
how to Bruce for me have a great
night everybody we will see you tomorrow
if you're around and have a great
rest of your Thursday happy Halloween
I'm a vampire the whole time
really I'm just trying to say spooky
Halloween thing a werewolf but you're a dog
is that a child werewolf I don't think so
whatever I'm I got bit by a by a wolf
and I turned into a bat no you're
combining things now I don't get it case
I'm a dog happy Halloween or whatever
I'm gonna go eat syringes and I mentioned
I was gonna do that don't do that you did
mention that well I'm gonna go do that