Think we should be back now
mm-hmm
My gosh, I'm papita. I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live
And I'm a dog papito put on the right jacket. All right. Oh my god. You know I haven't worn my fish tie in Dave
Where even is it? Oh
So unprofessional of me everyone. I'm so sorry
You didn't even need to refresh magic my fish tie
It's grown on me. This is probably why
There's so much bad news
So I'm not wearing this fish tie
Fish tie will will make us have good news. Oh my god. I can't get it on the fish tie is strangling me
Should I start wearing it like this?
This feels kind of more like a look for this string
We're going to the movies
It's so blousey
Why is it so blousey?
Good enough
Good enough
Eating the subs I need those but I need those I'm ever gonna do yodeling class
We also still have to go to the wall
which
It's still kind of it's not looking great over there. I don't love the way the wall looks
nuke the wall first
That's a popular idea lately
Free jolt yeah, I haven't been able to get access to any of my free jolt because the wall is so
Troubling to look at
Man
Guys sometimes sometimes the gods just don't cooperate with your stream. I
Did break Papito?
We're going
To try to fix it
Maybe it's just gonna be one of those days where my computer even I'm kind of
Maybe OBS just can't keep up with all this hot work today
Too much, you know also my my discord won't work
For some reason I can't load discord so I'm a little worried that maybe this computer is in the process of tapping out
Maybe it's time to waste a bunch of money on a new one
What's open?
45 programs. I mean honestly just the usuals the big thing that
Consumes my resources is a docker. I
Gotta run a certain program through docker and it fucks everything up, but let's see if we can fix Papito
Are you doing any better?
Okay
We're gonna try something that probably won't work
Got to turn it off and on
again
Or do I why is it like this today and it's not working. Oh
Boy everybody some days
Some days it's just out to get you well turned off again
Just drop it although on the PC. We could just do an all-case stream. I guess all case
All the day know it. Nope as I say I don't love that sounds
fucking awful
Was there a fucking windows update?
Okay, it's just me cutting to me in the same with the same face being like
That sounds about the same actually
Munch is still available. We could just do a me and munch stream
Thank you for the follow which as we chase that elusive positive follower ratio
You're doing your part rookie X-Play
And I appreciate it. It would just be you talking yourself
That sounds awful. Who would do that?
That trip is also available and he could talk to himself too. I am going to possibly have to reset my computer
So we might be down for a minute. I'm gonna try to fix it and then we'll do we'll do some stuff
We'll do a few things you can stick around great
Shouldn't be more than two minutes. We'll say and then I'll be back prepare for f's again. I just can't