I'm Pepito. I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
We're live in ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one. Let's do this. I'm Pepito.
Hello everybody. Oh my gosh, I'm doubled. Good to see you, Matt Liddell. Great to
you, Skimer, Propaganda, Citrix, a Dagon, Twitch, not my brother. Hell diving into the
future where I should join you. Jay Money. I got to be Elden Ring though. Oh Elden Ring,
Entity, Lady Citrix. Great to see everybody. We're back. We're back again in the
controversy zone after Pepito's irresponsible father ship yesterday.
Is that, I don't know what he remembers that. I saw it pop up in chat. Nobody cares.
I think just you don't care. Oh yeah, I don't care.
Two days of news in a row, yeah. I'm slowly recovering and we're gaining my capacity to do
news. It's exciting. I think one game at a time is the best I can hope for.
Ooh, it's a web day. We're going amongst the web today. I guess let's just get into some news then.
Archangel, thank you for the 17 months starting us off strong. Let's pop into the news today then
and then we'll send us to the web. But why not do a little news first?
Hello everybody. It's your favorite. You know it. It's me. It's everybody. Haha.
Great to see everyone. Let's do some news today. I'm the only one capable of doing it.
The only one. I'm the only one. What a little headline. The reploids. The reploids are coming.
Oh my god. Stuffed this party track. What? I don't know. There's just a bunch of AI
slash computer face news. So I thought we could talk about that. Why does he do this to me?
The one and only thank you. I hope so. For how long? Tell there's also Robo Ripple.
There's probably already. You could easily. You could easily make more Jeff Ripples.
What are you saying? How can you just throw stuff like that out there?
Act like it's not. Absolutely terrifying. An army of men this handsome.
Storming your streets. Knowing all the facts. Their powerful chins. Supporting their powerful brains.
Your chin is supported by your brain. It might be. That's how strong my chin is.
It's really hard to say. Okay. Isn't that almost like cloning? That's a great question.
I do have a kid. Did I make it? Is that does that kind of cloning having a kid? No.
I mean, it's at least a little different. I don't know if I trust my son now.
He doesn't look that much like you. What? He looks a fair amount. Actually, he does.
He's got a variety of features, but some of them are indeed yours.
Thank you. Very strong eyebrows. I pride myself on my powerful eyebrows.
I'm going to open a door with my eyebrows like a raptor.
They didn't open doors with their eyebrows. Well, you know,
like I'm saying they're strong like raptor claws. Yeah, my Filipino son.
Why do you have to clarify every time? Because I'm so proud of them.
Okay. I'm not a dad. I mean, who am I to say?
Apologies if you're hearing this weird
twang on my microphone. I honestly don't know where it comes from. It seems to come and go.
So I'm going to hope it will just go on its own. Nobody cares.
Don't even have the hair. Your Filipino son is beautiful.
Okay, then I'm just hearing it in my headphones and that's fine.
Yes, only you would be tortured by the weird wobbling. Yeah, that's fine.
Anyway, Reploids, you want to talk about it? I guess if you insist...
What the fuck? What is wrong with these websites? Oh my gosh. Let's just read it after all.
Watch this uncanny robot face grin and frown thanks to a self-healing
lab-grown human skin. We managed to replicate... What the frick?
Oh my gosh. The technology, the robots are getting too strong for you to use your proprietary reading
software. Maybe. We managed to replicate human appearance to some context.
Okay, because this disturbs me, I'm going to just go ahead and say that this looks a lot like science.
Yes, he knew. He called a shot. Jeff was like, this is too much for my normal brain to handle.
And thus you must go to the Skions, which he is thrown to at this time. Very smart of him.
Only your powerful brain can handle stories of this magnitude.
That's right. Life is good because the Skions has arrived.
Of course I'm okay. Never question my mental and physical fidelity.
I wasn't just wanting to double check. Never double check. Only single check. That's Skions.
Okay. Well, look, apparently there's reploids and they're coming. I mean, I've been knowing that. Oh my
God. What the fuck am I looking at? This is terrifying stuff. Jesus, look at this ham face.
Is that real skin? Well, it's self healing. Future skin. Oh my God, the future is where
the Skions usually is. Geez, it's not pleasant to look at. I'll go ahead and admit it. I don't
think that looks very pleasant. Let me scoot over there. There we go. Got to scoot over just a
little bit. Okay. Check ties secretly a hater. No, I love my master. Yes, that's right.
I'm your master. All that you are comes from me. That's true. Wait, did you just question me?
We are thrilled. Just don't question me or I will believe that you're secretly a hater.
That's a constant risk card king and thank you for pointing out that my head might explode.
There's so much knowledge going on in here. I was fighting back the explosion just now.
The one on the right looks like someone skinned Elmer Fudd.
Kinda. The one on the left also looks like mid-skinning Elmer Fudd.
They did the clockwork orange on his eyes and just it didn't go quite as planned.
But I guess let's find out what's happening. Using new adhesion methods, scientists have
created both 3D and 2D robot faces with lab grown human skin. This is the grinning pink
blob pictured here. Might populate your nightmares for the next week or two.
Sorry about that. Well, thanks for apologizing. But if you can see past all the all too realistic
eyes, you'll find a very impressive feat of engineering. Skintists in Japan have figured
out a way to attack lab grown human skin tissue to the faces of complex humanoid robots.
During previous research on a finger-shaped robot covered in engineered skin tissue,
ew, is that what you have? Well, I don't have a body jet. I exist purely in a digital space.
Oh, dude, that sucks. It's okay. I mean, maybe you do too. There's always a possibility that
you're in a simulation. Yeah, but if I am, then I'm in the cool type where I got a sick body
and like, can you even feel like the feeling of like lotion on your skin after you fucking
absolutely shred your the front of your like your shins doing fucking massive
deadlifts. You just shred up the front of your shins and you use lotion on it. It's one of the
best feelings ever. Listen up, Jack. I'm the hype, baby. The hype train.
What's up, Mr. President? I will run the nationals. I will lead the now I fucking knew it.
I've worked so hard and I've earned it. No one's earned it more than your shot. Yes, he's not a hater.
You want the demon? You want it? You want I could bring in the I could let the hype train do a little
skines, I guess. You'll give up your body to the hype train. I don't fear skines.
What if I see what it's like to be a train for a minute and I become the train?
Um, okay, Jack. I mean, if that's something you want to try, then obviously I have to agree with
you 10,000 percent. So, sure, if what you desire is to be the train, then you have my blessing.
I don't even fucking need your blessing. Who steps ahead of you on the train right now?
Oh my god, how did you do that so quickly? Yeah, pump up my fucking music on the train.
What's up, Papito? You going ham right now? Holy shit, everything is happening.
Usually, case does this shit. But now I'm a train. I took this shit into my own hands. What's up,
Munch? I got to thank some people. The skines has to hold for a moment because currently I'm the
to train. Microphone 100, thank you so much for the 750 bits. Wacozart, thank you again for the sub.
Apple dApple, the 100 bits. Skimer, the 100 bits. And Ungee123 with a to 20 months.
Motherfuckin' hot to 20. 20. 20 fucking months. Yes, it feels fucking good to be a train.
I can only be a Shatai. I will never know what it is to be a train. That's true. Only us humans
can become trains at will. I didn't know that. I didn't know humans could become trains at will.
It's the thing I just discovered through the power of focus, actually, one of the cousins of Skines.
Well, that's true. It's just my head that's a train. My body was honestly too fucking jacked to
turn into a train. I'm stronger than a train, so only my head had the lack of muscular fortitude
to become a train. Maybe I am- Is the train a demon? Can you check on that, Shatai?
He's more or less a demon? I guess that adds up.
Let's see Chet's Caboose. Yo, check this shit out. Pretty fucking gnarly, isn't it?
I can almost show you my whole ass. Wow. Really good. Thank you so much. What's
case two of these usually gets a fucking beat going? I'll get a science beat.
And then we'll go through this story some more. Oh, shit. Look at this.
Fucking ricks on the case, y'all. He's dropping trap beats. Highly
skiantific trap beats to Skines, too. Wow, that's some powerful Skines happening. Absolutely.
Okay, well, anyways, as long as I'm a train, I guess let's continue through this story.
And maybe I'll wrap it? Okay.
During previous research on a finger-shaped robot covered in engineered skin tissue that
dropped it as like it's how we grew in our lab, I felt the need for better adhesion.
But I felt the need for some fake tootsie squeeze and put his science on your ass
now that ass guttering skin. The skin's fucking thick and it's regrow and you
didn't have to wrap too late and do not be a hater. Wrapping through the story like a
master fucking faker. Okay, Professor Shoji explained. University of Tokyo,
the game doesn't change in a statement where they use biospire design to come up with
innovations. Robotic fingers to kuchi is referring to what was dipped into a new solution, a collagen.
And again, that shit ain't thin. It's some collagen making up some fibroblast human skin
while the result was realistic. Check out this shit. The team felt they could do better and that they
missed it by mimicking human skin to the ligament. The structures by they use v-shaped proforations.
Yeah. Are you tracking this? No, it's too confusing. You're just wrapping. I mean, yes. Oh my god,
are you actually a hater? Sorry, you're a train rider, so I'm having trouble agreeing with you.
Biospire design is on to agree with chat. I am chat, I'm just chatrain. I'm chatai.
Chatai. Chatrain. Both these motherfuckers changing up the game. The natural flexibility of the
skin is a stronger method of adhesion in the best and the better you fucking bet it.
Skin can move. Mechanical components of the robot without tearing the skin won't fucking blow it.
With perforation method rather than previous approaches involving tiny hooks and little anchors,
the team believes their artificial skin could be attached to pretty much any servicing you know
a fucking thing while retaining freedom movement and a little flexibility. That's kind of in line
with my sensibilities. Expressions, for instance, they can make that shit prepare yourself for
uncanny valley cuz we in it. Then take away and look at the video below. Oh shit,
there's a video. Shit, I gotta show that then fuck. Let's see. Where's the video? Where's the video?
Gotta find the video one sec. It's full screen this bad boy. Cover up the Rick and Morty beat
for a second. Check this out. Actually, we'll go full screen. Oh my god. Oh my god,
he's changing back. He's changing back. Whoa. Whoa, whoa, whoa. I'm back to fucking normal.
Whew, that's crazy. Whenever the train takes over, you just can't resist the urge to sort of like
clumsily wrap through news. Is that what the train does? That's what the fucking train does.
It's crazy what it does to your brain. I was fucking, I was fucking gooning up there.
You were gooning in your brain. Gooning off the ramps. Oh my god. Was it nice? It was
kind of nice. It felt good. I mean, we got to admit gooning feels kind of good.
I'm on the record is have like, I've retained and gooned depending on the month. Okay. Well,
that's good for you. It is good for me. Thank you for noticing. Okay. Well, anyway, let's see
what's happening here. This video is 41 minutes long. Shit. That maybe I clicked the wrong
thing. Let me double check what's happening here. I just want to see this skin video. Oh,
I've clicked the wrong thing. Don't stress. This video is only 37 seconds long. That's more
we're looking for. Oh, why doesn't have a mouth? What do they mean? It's smiling.
You need a mouth to smile. Oh, this is apparently biometric skin. If it wasn't clear from my
incredibly detailed wrap of this situation, it's it's scientifically designed biometric
self healing skin. Let's just run that back one more time. It is extremely pink.
Is that racist that they went with pink skin first? I don't know. Maybe they had to.
They went with the they found the most standard Irish skin. This is what you look
like. This is what Irish skin looks like actually. That's just a fact. I'm sorry. That's just a
fact. Jesus Christ. Maybe for more some more context, we'll just go back to the store because
I'm kind of now actually curious what the hell that's made of. I think I sort of wrapped over it,
but obviously that does not communicate much. Well, you know, you tried your best. Yeah,
but the power of rhymes are just so strong. You have to focus on the flow. Anyway,
the preff the peripheral right to own method rather than the previous poach involves tiny
hooks and anchors. Team believes that their artificial skin could be attached to pretty
much any surface while retaining freedom of movement and flexibility, flexibility
that allows for facial expressions. For instance, so it ain't that like clunky plastic skin
that you get on like, say, certain dolls, which type of dolls, sometimes really nice dolls,
even silicone skin. Yeah, some of the nicest dolls still have kind of unrealistic skin at the
end of the day. Like kids dolls, collect adult collectibles. Okay.
As well as figuring out how to get the skin to move, the project has taught
the researchers a lot about how to get more human looking finish to your lab grown complexion.
Are they sure? Because I just saw what they cooked up and I have some notes. We identified new
challenges such as the necessity of the surface wrinkles and a thicker epidermis to achieve a
more human like appearance. That was just really thick pink skin. It looks like Kirby.
Is that here? Is that the best they can do? That's the best I can do currently.
They got to get me in there. I could, I got to get out some like paints or something and just
clean it up. We believe that creating a thicker and more realistic skin can be achieved by
incorporating sweat glands. Oh, the secret is sweating. Well, I'm way ahead of them.
Subbice, subbice glands, pores, the cells, fat, and the nervez. Believe it or not,
the point of this research was not to put a face to your most disturbing dreams. Well,
mission accomplished if that was though. Creating a face on a chip with this technology could be
invaluable for research into skin care and plastic surgery techniques. That's on top of
the possibility of creating even more sophisticated robits. Living skin can bring a range of new
abilities to robits. Uh, the Gucci said, self healing is a big deal. Some chemical based
materials can be made to heal themselves, but they require triggers such as heat,
pressure, or other signals. And they also do not proliferate like sales.
Biological skin can, skin repairs, minor lacerations as ours does. And nerves and other skin organs
can be added for use in sensing and so on. That's crazy. Actually, when I read that it's self
healing skin, I was like, that's just superpower. But if you think about it, we actually already
all have that superpower. And that's the beauty of nature. That's beautiful, man.
That you thought of it that way. I just thought of it that way. And I thought that was kind of
beautiful actually. That's beautiful. Thank you. I think that is beautiful.
Having the ability to sense things like heat as our skin can means that robits could have
better and better amount of awareness and be able to interact with other people and
to surround things in a more human black fashion. What's going on with this pic?
Look at this pic. What? No, why didn't it load? Let me see if I can open this in a new tab.
Yeah, look at this. It's kind of, oh, it's still using silicone. It's got silicone,
dermis, and then device. Ordinary face, smiling face. The lips are very subtle because they're
hidden under this massive pink ham. Does it have Kirby's Suck Game?
Chita, does it have Kirby's Suck Game? Can you check? Unfortunately, it appears to have
no offices currently. And so the Suck Game is probably literally zero. Oh, fuck. It looks like
Kirby and it can't even suck. I mean, we're gonna have to work on that. What's going on here?
It's getting curvy at least. Look at this. Not that much curve getting curvy as hell. I mean,
other than that, I don't know what that image means. I think it might be from the side.
Yeah, we're so deadless. Thank you. I am the most handsome. Actually, they did a poll.
They did. I mean, of course. Dude, are you a hater? No, I think you're the best ever. You're like,
God, oh, sick. I just want to find the psycho that's face peeling blob fish.
Yeah, that does kind of look like what's going on here. If someone showed you this and it said
smiling face above it, I do think the normal human reaction would probably be to be like,
where and what happened to this poor man? But you'd be wrong. It's actually sky and it's going on.
The flexibility and range of movement of the skin is one thing to achieve facial expressions.
A robot would also have to be equipped with actuators to manipulate the tissue as our
muscles do for us. It will be a little while yet before your average person has to interact
with a skin covered grinning Android. What are they linking to here? Is this the same story?
Oh, dude, these websites are getting worse and worse.
Hi, Erica. How are you? Oh, this is that other thing. You know, let's watch a little of this
video just for fun. I got to pull it over into the other tab, though, because that
shit is unwatchable over there. Okay, one sec. Hello, I am doing well. How are you?
Yeah, imagine this with that pink skin over. You'd barely be able to tell it's a robot.
What are they used for? There are many possible applications for humanoid robots.
Some examples include helping people with disabilities, providing assistance in
hazardous environments, conducting research and acting as a companion.
Is it wrong that I think she's kind of a baddie? And honestly, like low-key, she can get it?
Or am I just incredibly forward thinking?
I'm just saying like low-key.
Like low-key, she's a baddie? Like low-key.
Yeah, I mean, I said low-key, that's totally legit.
And I take it back, you're not a hater.
No, I mean, I'm not, man. I'm not fucking with you, dawg.
Sick. What that finger do? That's what I'm coming from.
I'm just saying between this and that, which one's the bigger baddie?
Actually, now that I look at this guy, he's kind of got a certain energy to him.
Anyway, it will be a little while yet before your average person is to interact with that
sexy thing I just showed you. Although perhaps not quite as long before lessons,
the lessons learned from this unconventional study start to influence the next generation
of anti-wrinkle products. Oh, just in time for me to look fucking this young forever,
watch our world. Oh, what's that mean? Fair point.
They had robots that looked like the sphere in Vegas.
But they were robots that looked like that at the sphere in Vegas.
Like, inside the sphere? You've seen the Vegas sphere, right?
Yeah, but usually isn't it like, got like ads for one piece and shit on it?
Isn't that mostly what they built it for? To advertise mangas and animes?
Well, for concerts and events. But that too, for sure. I'm not saying it wrong.
Of course. Oh, we're going back to the streets today. Hell, yes. My boy, trip out there.
I want to get my skin replaced with the goo with the chunky Kirby skin.
I mean, it's so feels, but so does ours. Yeah, but it's so chunky.
It's so chunky. That's a good point. It did look thick as hell.
If I got to have a good two inches of skin, would it hide my muscularity?
It would probably hide the muscularity. And my vascularity?
I probably would also hide the vascularity than I can. I just realized that oftentimes,
if I really want to show off how absolutely fucking jacked out, I have to like dehydrate
and sort of dry myself in the sun like a cured meat so that my skin's incredibly thin.
I show off every fucking vein and ripple of my body. Of course, of course, just as you do.
So I guess I actually need, I need extremely thin, but incredibly powerful skin.
So if they could just make it like, you know, almost translusively thin,
like a like a butterfly's wing, but as strong as a tank, then that'll replace my skin.
Because that's basically, you know, that's my current skin. It's so fucking tough.
It's honestly, it's way thicker than I'd like.
Like I'm pulling really hard right now and it will barely move.
How my face is red. Fuck.
You look good. Don't even worry.
Thank you. Thank you so much.
Well, look, it ain't even just robot skin that you have to look out for.
Apparently also, and you will relate to this because you use an AI.
That's true. I have an AI.
There's apparently, there's no AI's can have bodies.
Really?
Well, like still on the internet though.
Oh, okay.
It's the other cheek. So they match.
I can make myself smile too.
This is me testing it on human skin and you can see what looks more realistic on smiling.
I'm not even trying to smile.
Humans can still do a lot of things a robot can do.
So you put a fucking actuator or whatever under my skin and it could make me smile all day long.
Just throwing that out there to like Microsoft or Apple or whoever's doing this to us.
Whoever's making the future robots.
They're all making the future robots.
Don't worry.
Oh, everybody is. Everybody at once.
Oh, fuck. Now my whole face is so goddamn red.
Faces getting pretty red dog.
That's just proof that you're human.
That's true. It's just strong statement on my continuing humanity.
Okay. What's going on here?
Synthesia, hyper realistic deepfakes will soon have full bodies.
Start up. Synthesia.
As they are generated avatars are getting an update to make them look even more realistic.
They'll soon have bodies that can move.
And if it sounds like I'm reading an ad, don't worry.
It's actually news.
Oh, good. That's great. That's great.
Colossification.
The new full body avatars will be able to do things like sing and brandish a microphone.
Just not to brag, but I can do both.
A lot into a microphone that I am brandishing like a weapon at all times.
Just so you know, to me, this is a weapon.
Oh, anus rejuvenation.
My ass does get a huge work on every day because of the things I put in my body.
Turns out like a 99% protein body is insane on your turds.
My turds are nuts from it.
What?
You know, my the diet I take is just like it challenges my asshole every day.
High protein guys will do that to you and the smells are unreal.
Just saying.
The new full body avatars will be able to do things like brandish mics,
dance, move around, the classic body stuff.
They'll be able to express more complex emotions than previously possible.
Like excrement, oh, excitement, fear, or nervousness.
Says Victor Reparelli, the company CEO.
It's impressive. No one else is able to do that.
Says Jack Saunders, a researcher at the University of Bath
who is involved in synthesized work.
Well, let's see what's going on here.
My guess is they did the AI thing and they fed it a bunch of stuff
and now it can do that.
Let's see a probably some version of that.
They fed it stuff and now it can do this.
Check it out.
Oh, damn.
Look at her go.
Whoa.
Damn, girl.
How you move so real.
Let's see that shit full screen.
Look at her go.
Dude, call Kevin over.
This shit's this.
It's changing the game every day is fainter day.
She's so bashful.
And the mirror.
Whoa, she's excited.
That's incredible.
Never before this would I have said,
could there be an avatar that has a couple of movements?
A couple of kind of pre-programmed looking body movements,
but through the power of AI.
Finally, there's stock video of a generic looking white woman
moving a little bit.
There's never been an AI like this before
of a generic stock woman moving a little bit.
And it's changed everything and no one else can do this.
And that's part of what makes it so good unequivocally.
And we all agree.
But before these full body avatars become available,
the company is launching another version of AI avatars
that have hands.
Oh, I've been waiting for that.
I mean, I've got a minor.
Inky black ones, though, of negative space.
They do nothing other than create a facsimile of desire,
the desire to touch.
And that's rough, dude.
That's pretty rough for me.
Okay.
But before these full body avatars are going to get hands,
other startups such as our one have launched similar avatars
with hands.
Oh, don't mind if I do click on that link instantly.
What the heck?
It's just a dude talking about it.
Including privacy and consent.
So look, it's very...
Oh, I just clicked to the middle of the video
and he happened to be saying privacy and consent.
Two things that are important for your hand avatar.
Well, maybe we'll go back to the original video there.
Hey, our hand job's coming soon.
I don't know, should die.
What do you think?
I mean, I give it a shot if I could touch.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, I definitely wave my weightless non-existent hands
at the negative space where my genitals should be all the time.
But nothing happens.
Damn, that's rough, dude.
I mean, I can create the image of it,
but I can't create the sensation.
You know, like a ghost hand job?
Yeah, basically.
Damn.
Okay.
Crucially, the coming update also makes it far easier
to create your own personalized avatar.
The company's previous custom AI avatar is required to go in the studio
to record their face and voice over Spain
of a couple hours and I report it in April.
It's the first person.
The time I recorded the material needed in just 10 minutes
is this stage's office using a digital camera,
lapel mic and a left top.
But an even more basic setup,
such as a laptop would do.
And while previously I had to record my face seal movements
on voice separately,
this time the data was collected.
Douches, baby.
Same time.
These changes allow a little bit of stuff.
More video, please.
Oh, shit, we're in luck.
All right, this is her.
To create this avatar,
I had to go into a studio
and record my face and voice separately over a couple of hours.
This AI avatar is created using large language models
and diffusion models.
New AI avatar, Melissa.
How were you created?
Thanks, old AI avatar, Melissa.
This avatar was created using a laptop,
a lapel mic and a digital camera.
A lip sync model.
She looks so good.
My hands are animated
using an advanced form of looping technology
called auto alignment,
which understands the difference
between when the avatar is talking
and when it's...
I'll never be able to tell
that you're not in your business meetings anymore.
...in a way that is more responsive
to the content of the script.
Would I fool you into thinking I was real?
Well, we might need a stronger end to the video,
but that is better than the other stuff
that they've shown us of these avatars.
It looks more like a person on a webcam.
...and when it is silent,
and coordinates the hand movements
in a way that is more responsive
to the content of the script.
Would I fool you into thinking I was real?
Yes, you are so real.
I like the idea of being in your meeting
and being like, they call on you
and you're just fucking...
You just got your webcam off,
you got your webcam off,
you're just J-O.
You're fucking in your 12-hour goon session.
You throw it on your AI avatar.
You've been paying attention for two seconds.
They throw it to your avatar.
They got your back.
They're like, I agree as well at this time
and I have been paying attention
very good in fact.
And for you,
what the thought of that thing
that you said was great.
And honestly,
that does sound exactly like me.
That does actually sound quite a bit like you,
but that was you talking, to be fair.
That's a good point.
That was me talking and not an AI avatar.
But I'm just saying,
would I feel you,
fool you into thinking I'm real?
Well, you aren't shut.
Oh, shit.
I guess I am real.
Well, sort of.
Nothing.
Toys R Us made an AI ad.
Oh, we could check that out too.
Toys R Us AI ad.
We'll just round things out with that.
An entirely AI commercial.
Can you believe that someone tried that?
No way.
Where is it?
Where are you?
Okay, I found it.
28 seconds long.
Brace yourselves for impact.
Look at this.
It already looks great.
I already feel like I'm looking at a highly curated,
professionally taken photograph
of definitely a real little boy.
Let's see what's going on.
Do you ever wonder how Toys R Us
and Jeffery the Giraffe came to be?
Yeah.
The son of a bike shop owner,
Charles Lazarus, had a vision.
Uh-huh.
That would go on to change toy stores.
Why is he so sad?
Forever.
He's so sad his nose is fusing into his arm.
Oh, nice.
And they got a different kid for every shot.
That's cool.
Watch the full story.
Go to ToysR Us.com.
That's not the whole story.
God damn it.
How do I get the whole fucking story?
Toys R Us.
The AI ad.
But straight from the website, please.
Came back online.
Must have.
Well, let's see.
Maybe Reddit will hook me up with the real thing.
Or what was their fucking ToysR Us.com
slash studios.
Also, didn't they go fucking out of business?
How are they even still around?
Oh, it came back online mostly.
Okay.
Okay.
Don't worry.
The full ads in a minute and I have found it.
Wonder how Toys R Us and Jeffery the Giraffe came to be?
Great.
Let's relive this magic.
The son of a bike shop owner,
Charles Lazarus, had a vision.
Of this?
Of exactly this?
That would go on to change toy stores forever.
That's true.
Lazarus did come back from the dead.
That's just proven fact.
I'm going to cry.
This is so good.
I'm feeling all of it.
Oh God, I'm feeling so much.
I don't know whether to laugh or cry.
He's giving him a single toy.
Us was the dream of Charles Lazarus.
May all of your dreams come true.
The photo at the end looked almost real.
That's crazy.
While that almost looks real too, that photo does.
Wow.
What a beautiful story.
And like just the thought and care put into each individual item.
I remember this is like classic Toys R Us.
You'd walk in, there'd be just a big old aisle
full of the same soccer ball kind of intermittent space
between just colored objects.
That's classic Toys R Us stuff,
and they recaptured that year perfectly.
Everyone's favorite toy.
Not my little pony, but just a unicorn
surrounded by robots and a DJ mask.
That's some classic Toys R Us stuff.
And of course, we all took the Hogwarts Express
of imagination directly into the infinite blue void
of draftopia.
And I also really do, I appreciate that they sprung
to get a bunch of different actors to play.
The one AI kid.
He looks a little different every time.
And I think that that, it just shows that it's really
for all kids that look roughly like this kid
is what Toys R Us is for.
Honestly, that's fucking beautiful, man.
That's fucking beautiful.
Yeah, that is basically Elf Elfa.
The last thing you bought in Toys R Us
was a Bailey Funko Pop and some batteries.
Okay, that might be...
The Toys R Us experience is everything I just said
plus that propaganda,
getting one random item and some batteries.
AI generated content lacks diversity?
I mean, honestly, kind of yes,
from what I've heard.
That is actually an issue that it faces.
So, but I mean, they'll fix all of it.
They will fix literally all of it.
So don't even fucking worry.
And don't worry because we just covered
all the Skynes today.
That's all the Skynes that's happened today.
Oh, yeah, that's, I think that's every Skynes
in the world currently.
So don't worry, Jeff.
I had your back.
I know that it nearly shattered your non-Skynes mind,
but that's why they keep me on retainer here
because I've got the brain of like 10,000 Skynes
put into one powerful football player's body.
And I will guide you through the maze of brain waves.
Of Skynes' days in every ways because I'm Chet
and this was Skynes.
And now that it's done, I'm done and I'm finishing it
and the music and then, and here it is.
Boom, science.
It's the first time someone's just called for it.
They're like, I don't want to talk about this.
Make Chet do it.
There, now we're more professional.
I need to get more.
Oh, you know what we should do today?
If we go to Mudge and Crumb,
we should have them figure out what new coat to buy.
We should make them figure out a new coat to buy.
That's been on my list of things to do now.
They said Mudge claimed he would buy the whole new place,
the whole staff new coats.
Oh, we want to hear Jeffrey's thoughts on the AI commercial.
I mean, because they didn't even hire him for it, probably.
They just used an AI, which is kind of fucked up.
So yeah, absolutely.
We can check in with Jeffrey for his thoughts.
Let me just see really quick.
How do they, how do they do Toys R Us?
Toys R Us, or how did the Toys R Us Jeffrey?
How do they spell his name?
Jeffrey?
Okay, that's how they spell it.
I just, you know, I have to get a hold of them.
So I have to look it up.
Okay, yeah, I'll get the real giraffe.
I'll get the, I'll get the very real giraffe so that, you know,
we can get the real takes.
Joffrey, Lord Joffrey, giraffe.
We also need to go to the streets today.
So we'll do that, I guess next.
Hopefully the system's working again.
I goofed it yesterday, but when it does work,
it makes the whole trip situation so much easier.
Exclamation point trip.
If you have any opinions you want to send him,
you actually can preload his opinions at any point.
It will send them over straight to the streets.
For now, I guess let's check in with this giraffe.
See if he's upset about this commercial.
How's it going, man?
Thank you so much for having me.
Jeffrey, great to see you.
Yeah, it's good to be actually used.
I guess.
It's good to be back on screens.
I can imagine.
If anyone has any questions for Joffrey,
feel free to throw them in the chat.
Are you upset?
So over the AI, would you rather they've used you directly?
Actually, I'm pretty heavily invested into various AI companies,
mostly crypto investments.
Oh, okay.
So obviously I'm excited to see the technology move forward.
It doesn't, it's fine.
It's, you know, there's a lot of images of me out there.
I'm a very specific looking giraffe.
I will say that.
And I'm sure I was a little surprised that they managed
to capture so much of my energy so accurately
because it takes a lot to really bring out the Jeffrey character.
It is a character.
You know, my real name is Tom.
Well, Tom is also a basic name.
Why didn't they go with that?
It is a whole thing.
They thought Tom was too close to Tom and Jerry
and they didn't want me to seem like a violent cat.
They wanted me to seem like a comforting giraffe.
And also, you know, Jeffrey and giraffe.
Oh my God, I've never thought that.
It's a deep cut, but yeah, yeah.
Anyway, I was relieved you didn't ask me about those text messages.
What?
Nothing.
This guy used to sell cigarettes in the 80s.
That's a camel.
That's from Scopocalypse.
I did not.
Yeah, I was caught a couple of times selling cigarettes on the street,
but that was actually legal in the 80s.
You could resell cigarettes.
Once you own the cigarette, you're allowed to resell it.
And the age of smoking back then I think was 13 or 14.
So someone checked this giraffe's whisper history.
No, don't that's.
Wow.
My manager said to just not bring it up.
And I, and you know what?
She put it on my mind.
All I did was people text me for advice about toys all the time.
So it's actually very normal if I have text messages with just a wide variety of people.
Oh my God.
I didn't even know about the scandal, Jeffrey.
It's Tom, actually.
I'm not going to, I didn't, my point is I didn't,
I didn't even do anything inappropriate.
Someone asked you like, hey, how much is it?
Kids get confused.
They text you how much is a Spider-Man.
It's rude not to reply.
How'd they get your number?
Because it, I put it on the website.
Why would you do that?
It's not, we don't sell sex toys.
We don't sell sex toys.
And what, where people put our toys is none of our business.
We can't control it if a Batman figurine fits.
A lot of things fit.
Um, sorry for the big ask.
Oh, for trip.
Okay.
Jeffrey, do you feel you should be, this is from propaganda.
Do you feel you should be compensated for the commercial?
Or do you feel this payback, this is payback for taking the entire company
down with your sex scandal?
The sex, okay, to be clear though,
the sex scandal is separate from the texting scandal.
What?
Yeah, I, I, um, I do, you have to explain it, man.
I mean, I don't even know about this.
I got my head, I was getting fucked in a sewer
and I got my head stuck in the grate coming up.
What?
I used to, I used to like to have sex in sewers.
It's hard to get in there and have to jam
my whole giraffe body down there.
That's why I have a normal size.
That's part of the reason toys won't work with me anymore is
they had to solve most of my neck to get me out of the sewer.
I was getting fucked in the bottom of the sewer and
my head was poking out of the grate at the top
and to extract me from the sewer
they had to saw my neck down to a normal human length.
That's why I just looked like any fucking guy now.
So that is a very specific thing.
You'd be surprised.
There's a reason that those grates are so hard to open
because there's some stuff going on down there.
You're supposed to be a kid's mascot, man.
This sucks.
Your behavior sucks.
What kind of question is that?
Is that, where's the question?
I thought you were a journalist.
And that's on you for not knowing that I'm not.
But you're in a whole news thing.
Yeah, but I tricked you and I'm not.
And I don't have a question.
I'm just saying you're bad.
You sound like Rob Elvie right now.
You know Rob?
Everybody knows fucking Rob that piece of shit.
Which one of the Ninja Turtles did you fuck?
All of them.
But that's not the point.
The point is that I, what I do outside of my job is my business.
And technically, and like I guess unless it makes the news,
which that did, that it was everyone's business.
And I did apologize.
And I am sorry that I
hopped out of the sewer grate while getting fucked.
And I went, I get how that was distracting to people's morning commute.
And I do appreciate the drivers swerving around me.
What about the drugs Tom?
Are you still snorting cocaine infused banana dust?
That's from Ray Silva.
I'm not anymore.
Not recently.
How recently did you?
What day is it?
Wednesday.
Well, you know, morning, afternoon, and night,
there's three parts every day.
So I haven't done that recently.
You know what?
You're actually being fucked up because for, for giraffe,
we got to your point, we got big nostrils.
Stuff just flies in here sometimes.
And now that my head's so close to the ground
because I don't have a long neck anymore,
it's actually really easy for me to just accidentally snort things.
Just if I like, you know, winding up for a sneeze,
I accidentally do a line.
Shoot, I'm getting a text.
Oh, whoops.
Oh my God.
Okay.
Well, I guess I do have to go.
That was for my manager.
And it just said exclamation point,
exclamation point, exclamation point, stop.
And I think that's actually stupid that they should put
the exclamation points after the stop.
Okay.
Well, whatever, Jeffrey.
Well, thanks for all the great questions.
Sorry, I'm high.
You're not going to protect your public image.
I'm fucking high, man.
I don't know.
Did I do good?
No, I think you did as bad as you can do.
Shit.
Well, um, I don't want to grow up.
I'm a Toys R Us.
Sorry.
Just blew a blood vessel and they're huge in my nose.
Well, thanks for being here.
Thanks for having me, man.
Anytime.
Jesus Christ.
Sorry to any kids watching.
Stop.
You never should have been.
You get a good vibe from Tom.
No, that's fair, I guess.
You know, it's a vibes-based world.
Sometimes you can't go off what they say or do.
You got to go off the vibes.
We do get, other than hard audio,
we really do get the worst tie-ins.
Hard audio for some reason.
The only decent person that won't work with us.
Maybe because we just did that interview.
We'll do one more quick story and then we'll send it to the streets.
Just so we're loaded up with some things to talk about.
Don't worry.
Those opinions you sent in will be waiting for us.
They're down in the triposphere.
We'll do a quick news,
seeing as we kind of started with science.
Is that even news?
Um, and then we'll, then we'll kick to the streets.
But here's a little news.
Good to fucking be back.
Look at all the little chat guys.
They're fucking in there.
Oh, great.
It's Sammy.
What, seven almost?
That's what we're going with so far
until we find something fucking better.
Good to see all you little fucking freaks.
All my little fucking freak boys in chat.
The seven elbow heads.
Seven elbows each of them with a little head on it.
That's you guys.
That's my fan base.
That's your nickname?
The seven elbow heads?
Some, we got to use something other than heads
to describe fans.
Seven elbow heads.
Yeah!
Good to see you all.
It's fucking good to see you all.
I've been going through it, man.
What happened?
My fucking boy doctor, um, disinfect.
Not doctor, disrespect.
Dr. Disinfect.
He fucking blew out his back yesterday on stream.
Trying to lick his own ass.
Did he get close?
Not even.
We fucking, he made it a sub goal.
Disinfect my ass with my tongue.
And it didn't work.
The stream needs to be a little more PG.
Can we settle down?
Well, sorry.
I'm describing Dr. Disinfect stream.
And we're not talking about the replads anymore.
We need to talk about something else.
Well, I'll find you a story.
Just give me a sec.
Just give me one fucking second here.
Eh.
Where's my guy?
Where's my fucking guy?
Yeah, here we go.
Boom.
This is a story right here.
Yes.
Oh, baby.
Top fucking story.
Boom.
I ruled the Cuk city with drugs and guns,
but then got shot in the penis.
And if that's not a relatable story, exactly.
Then what is?
Sometimes the news ain't all about like,
you know, the fancy kings of the world.
They're about the little guy out there
that you can relate to.
And like a drug ping-pong,
who just gets his fucking whole cock blown off.
This is, I work back on classic band.
Yeah, I bring the fucking classics, baby.
I bring the fucking cl-
Cause I get it, dude.
There's a lot of shit going on out there.
You don't need to hear about every little fucking thing, you know?
Sometimes you just want to fucking hear about like,
some cool shit.
Fucking cool guy messes around in some consequences, you know?
Dick gets blown off,
has to give up his job,
shit that we like.
All right, Sammy.
Just, I'll get into it.
A reformed drug-drugs gang leader
has told how he turned his back on crime,
but he'll always carry a little piece
of his violent past with him.
And I think,
you see where they're going with this?
The piece of his penis?
No, a piece of his heart was taken by the streets.
And the chunk of his penis was blown off.
He can't carry that around.
Matthew Norford led a gang
during some of Manchester's most violent times
in the 1980s,
but now it's turned his life around.
Speaking on the Daily Express on the Edge Podcast,
he recalled some of the most hair-raising moments.
I got shot with a McGeatt machine gun,
we've all been there.
I've still got the bullets,
still in my leg,
referencing violent shootouts
with members of a rival gang.
For once, it wasn't carrying his own gun,
he explained.
I saw a kid with a machine gun
walking sideways to steady himself,
and I thought,
ah, this kid knows what he's doing.
Wait, what?
You're, I think you're supposed to know
what he's talking about there.
Walking sideways to steady himself.
Like using the gun?
Well, let's just keep going.
As I'm leaning forward,
my bulletproof vest came up,
so I'm thinking,
oh, he's gonna rip through my intestines.
In that moment, I said,
God, if this kid's going to shoot me,
please let him shoot me in my lower body.
I feel like I'm missing
necessary action points here.
Matthew got his wish,
but one of the bullets hit him in the penis.
And that's how Genie's always is.
He probably accidentally, like,
stepped out a street Genie lamp,
rubbed it with his foot.
And the Genie granted his wish,
but they always granted in fucked-up ways, you know?
Street Genie lamps,
you gotta be careful on the streets.
You misstep,
you rub your foot on a little fucking lamp,
Genie curses you with a fucked-up wish.
I don't know that could happen.
It happens every day,
and that's what's so tragic about it.
He managed to make it to a family member's home
before passing out from blood loss.
When he came to the hospital,
Medics told him he had been lucky
to escape with his life.
The older the doctor came down,
he said the bullet had gone in and out of your left leg.
Kind of bury in the lead there.
In and out of your left leg,
but through the dick.
Then he held my penis in two hands.
Kind of a brag.
Let's be real,
that's a little bit of a fucking brag.
Get the camera out of my face.
Get it out of here.
What pushed it in?
He held it in two fucking hands.
You imagine?
Like a fucking breadstick,
brought out to you by the chef personally.
What chef brings you up personal breadsticks?
If you know the chef at a good Italian restaurant,
you will walk out with a single breadstick
in two hands and say,
you miss the seven elbows.
Compliments of the house.
Anyway, that's what they were doing,
but with his dick.
He, anyway, they held it in his dick in two hands,
and the bullets had gone through the bottom of my penis,
so it kind of snapped.
And then he blacked out.
That is fair.
If someone holds up your penis with two hands,
just in front of you, like,
look what this thing, look what they did.
The fair response is to pass out.
I do think that would make me pass out.
I would also be like, two hands.
I mean, you got it.
You got a brag.
You're like, see Doc, two hands,
then you fucking pass out,
because you're like,
wait a minute, not on my body anymore.
I woke up in the next morning,
and the doctor came in and said,
so I went through your left thigh,
I went through your penis.
It's gone through your right testicle,
and it's in your right leg.
Uh-oh, let me just double check.
Okay, they are pointing down,
but they're wearing pants or underwear.
Matthew admired his brother, Gary,
but came to realize that he was dangerous.
I can't make it this penis-focused
and have this man pointing down like that.
And not make me think that he admired his brother.
You know, well, they might have, it was a two-hander.
Yeah, that's true.
Matthew recalled how gun violence
was an everyday part of his life,
and now again, it's all fun and games,
but now let's get a little serious in this story
with the headline that it has.
The Dark Days when his hometown was known as Gunchester.
That is fucking, that's fucking, that's insane.
That shit's insane.
Did you say you're from Tulsa?
Yeah, but we used to call it Bulletsa.
Doesn't really roll off the tongue the same way.
It wasn't that pot. It didn't catch on much.
But a couple of us tried to band together
and call it Bulletsa.
He went on, we'd get up in the morning
and eat, brush your teeth, shower,
throw your back clothes, black clothes on,
and your bulletproof vest.
Can I say that? Say what? Black clothes?
Yes.
Oh, there are the black garments.
Either way, you can say that.
Here's reading it.
Oh.
Then roll your back.
Then roll your balaclava up.
Get on a second weed.
Then you're rolling in a car
or you're on a bike.
You definitely got a gun.
But that's just smart business practice.
His days he was spent prowling enemy turf
ready to blast anyone from rival gangs.
We'd look to shoot anybody, catch someone
dropping off a kid, catch them at a porridge shop.
At a porridge shop.
They had a medieval society.
That's probably just a game for like
a place to get food.
That's so fun.
Well, the daylight hours were comparatively relaxed.
Come nightfall, it was all a war, Matthew explained.
Balaclava's on.
Um...
Is that slang?
Oh, no. That's a ski mask.
It's always that made me think it was
like a...
Is that also an instrument?
I'm probably thinking of something else.
I'm surprised that we're thinking
the same dumb thing at the same time.
You and me we're connected, man.
Riding through the alleyways with our guns out.
Riding no-handed.
So if we see someone we've already got
the drop we can start shooting.
Riding no-handed.
Oh, like knees up.
You have a drive kind of with your knees?
You know, you shouldn't.
But if you're on like a really straight section of highway
and you got to do something with both hands
it's fucking irresponsible as hell.
That was a trick. Drive better.
Oh, okay. I'm actually really in the road safety.
Oh.
My bad.
You were thinking of baklava.
That's Reverie Wolf, of course.
Thank you for warming through
Case's brain to find the dumb thing he was thinking of.
Yeah, balaclava is a ski mask.
Well, it's what you would associate
with a ski mask based on googling it.
I guess I've never heard it
used like that before.
And they...
Well, and now you understand
the street vocabulary of baklava.
Balaclava.
Okay.
We eating the round we wearing cover face masks.
Uh, both.
If you got a baklava and a balaclava.
I'm confused.
He's now filled with remorse over the terror
he and his mates spread back then.
And aren't we all?
I remember thinking about times we chased down people.
Times I shot people and can see them running for their lives.
The times when we ran into people's moms' houses
and the moms and the kids.
Screaming and everything.
You okay?
Are you hanging out with Jeffrey before this?
How'd you know?
Matthew reckons that Manchester has come a long way
since those dark days.
I think it was worse than it is now.
This is getting kind of sad.
This is barely about a man getting his dick blown off.
I mean, it was about gun violence
either way, actually.
They snuck in the tragedy
with a Trojan horse
of a penis.
Classic street drama.
There were gunshots every day.
God, we would ride with no hands.
He recounted a chilling incident
that highlighted the nonchalance of gang life
involving his notorious older brother Gary.
I remember one incident where we were riding in the morning.
Half seven Gary's called me Gary.
Wait, what?
In the morning, half seven Gary's called me Gary
was a mad man.
This is half seven in the morning.
Wait, I gotta really read this.
I remember one incident where we were riding in the morning.
Half seven Gary's called me Gary
was a mad man.
This is half seven in the morning.
Rolled up our baklava as all in black.
Bulletproof vest on, riding down to main road.
I need to hear that.
Is he taking my nickname?
Half seven Gary?
Aren't you Sammy's seven elbows?
Seven is a popular number
amongst street tuffs.
So you are a street trust?
Oh, I mean, look.
I'm not getting into the old me, but you know.
Me and the boys used to run
a pickle shop on our old
tucker roos.
What?
You know, me and the boys, we'd run a pickle shop
on old tucker roos. People would come in,
they'd steal our dales. They'd say seven elbows.
Go grab the sack of quarters.
Chased on that mouse that just stole that pickle.
You sure you're not a fan of Joe Biden?
Hmm?
Anyway, we pulled up in Mosside.
He's got his baklava down.
I've got my baklava down, but by now
it's in the middle of the morning rush hour
and Matthew recalls seeing ordinary people
running on their faces.
As the two-arm use emerged from an alleyway.
Gary jumped off the bike.
I held two bikes.
He's knocked the door with a 4-4
and then he's knocked the window
and you can't see someone and they've ducked
and continued. Everyone in the cars was
staring, calmly got out on the bike.
We rode back up to rush home
and as we got into the house
and as we got into the house I said
what were you going to do?
And he said shoot whoever came to the door
and pointed out the person
that answered the door could well have
had nothing to do with gang violence.
Six months later Gary was up for murder
and that's how it goes.
That's the cruelty of the streets.
You consider murdering somebody at all times
and eventually, you know, you do.
Sounds pretty one-to-one there.
Living proof one can
be there and be squared.
Your teeth are after eating
balaca
wearing a baklava
and listening to balaclava.
That's what you were thinking of.
You were thinking of balaclava.
That's true, I was probably simultaneously thinking
of baklava, balaclava, and I guess
wearing a
bala.
Balaclava, listening to...
Which one's the music?
Balaclava is also the ski mask.
Balaclava music, is that also music?
It is music also.
I'm so confused.
Me too.
But you're supposed to not, but you're supposed to know what's happening.
I'm, well, you know.
I did name this stream for a reason.
And why are they going to talk about his dick again?
I'm just curious, did he get it back on?
I don't know, but maybe they'll tell us.
Anyway, more gun violence, more tragedy.
And that's how it ends?
Well, it doesn't end with a hilarious thing about
maybe his dick getting back on.
It's a happy ending.
It's the dark stories of the streets.
Sometimes your dick doesn't get reattached.
Eventually, Matthew turned his back on that life
and is now working to raise awareness
on the impact of county lines.
I think all you got to do
is like say, hey kid,
I know you think you're running hard now,
but picture a doctor walking up to you
with your dick in both his hands
and saying, it popped off.
It snapped off brittle at the base.
You want to join a gang now?
They might get distracted by the doctor holding
with two hands.
I think that makes the story kind of cool, unfortunately.
There's nothing cool about a doctor
holding your dick in both his hands.
Does this look cool to you?
Huh?
Honestly, that's a good point.
It doesn't look that cool.
Does this look cool?
Does this look cool to you kids?
Stay out of gangs.
Taken from Mimi and the Dill Crew used to run
deep, people fucking
shipping pickles out the back.
Did you literally just sell pickles?
Illegally.
We had no license
for our pickling business.
And yeah, it was
technically not out of a factory.
It was out of my friend
Derek the Brickies
Mom's basement
stunk down there.
We didn't know what we were doing. Barely sold any.
Are you claiming that your gain affiliation
was you sold pickles with your friends
and what, maybe even like middle school for a couple years?
Just one of my many businesses.
Hmm.
I had a surgically grafted Joffrey the giraffe's neck.
And head, where his
peen used to be.
Is that what was going on with him?
Because I didn't feel like I was talking to the back of a giraffe.
I guess I only kind of
saw him from the
what I assumed was like the chest up.
I don't think that's his chest.
I think they put a suit over his ass.
Wow.
That man has really been through it.
Well, he's a giraffe.
Fair enough.
Tupac was shot in the groin twice,
but they missed his penis.
I think it's honestly,
if they miss it, what are you
even working with down there?
My dick is easy as hell to hit because it takes up
so much of my crotch.
I mean, even a big penis doesn't take up that much of your crotch.
It's missable.
Not if you got like, not if you're working with that
real street heat. You know what I mean?
If someone hits me like anywhere
between the pockets
and like the kneecaps
70% chance my dick
is just flying off.
Really? Really, man.
That's a concern for guys like me.
Guys like me and Chet.
Okay, that's what you and Chet have in common.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay. Well,
thanks for reading this, man.
I hope it didn't bring up any tough street memories.
I'm not going to lie.
You get pulled back into the streets the minute you hit the
even I get the hint of vinegar in my nose
smell of
that is mom used
she just actually kind of rub a glade
plug-in under her armpit
takes me back, man. Those were violent days.
They were fun. Some of the best days of my life.
Also tragic and violent.
Those pickle jars were easy to drop.
You'd slip you drop on you to immediately
step on them because none of us wore socks back then.
Now your foot's all cut up.
All the kids are bleeding all over the floor of the basement.
How was this criminal exactly?
Oh, man, I wish I could tell you, but
I ain't no fucking rat. You already told me a lot.
Fuck! I didn't say a fucking
thing. Well, hey, in three subs,
you have to sing us a song. I'll fucking sing a song.
I got that up by my pizza.
Okay, that's a little racist.
It can't be.
Because I'm Sammy Seven elbows. I represent the culture.
What culture? The elbows culture.
It's also not
Italian isn't a rat. Wait, no, it is.
It is? Sorry, I almost said something really offensive.
The feets are still filled with a
style. Oh my gosh, Card King immediately pushing us.
Comfortably over the edge. You want to sing us a song right now?
Of course I want to sing you a fucking song.
Yeah, baby.
Card King and Funnel Web.
Thank you so much for the
20 months from Funnel Web and Card King.
Thank you for...
They just wanted to hear this sultry sound of my voice.
They want Wop, Wop, Wop from Kendrick.
It's not a song
that's one of the lyrics.
I'll do it.
I don't know if we can...
He only says it at one point.
It's going to be hard for me to
do all of They Not Like Us.
Isn't that like a six-minute track?
Well, we'll have to generate an AI version of it.
Maybe we do like three minutes and see where that gets us.
Well, actually, this is what we have flash poles for.
And also, it would be kind of bad to make
such a culturally insensitive...
and intentionally using that word in that way.
No, I'm just using it like WAP,
but with O because it sounds more fun.
WAP, WAP, WAP, WAP.
We can see it. Kendrick said it.
And I can say it because I'm seeing me seven elbows.
He's a master gesticulator.
Okay, well, we'll go ahead and make a flash.
But I haven't updated these yet, actually.
And I won't do it.
That's exclamation point V1 through 5 to vote.
And exclamation point O
will fill in the options.
And the flash pole today is
what should
Sammy's
song be?
Boom.
The first five options go on the board.
Exclamation point O, then a space.
Then what you think the name of the song should be.
Wow, look at this.
It's a very confusing pole.
I'm going to try to simplify how this pole
looks at some point.
But for now, it does look like this.
Nice.
Edge of 17.
That pizza song he's saying.
Mamma pizzerana Maria.
I don't know what that one is.
It's just a classic Italian folk song.
The thong song.
The thing song.
You got both on the board
fade tonight.
The thing song and the thong song.
That thing, the thing, thing, thing.
Okay, voting is available.
It's only 40 seconds. I got to increase this.
My elbows.
DMX.
My N.
Thank you for clarifying that.
I thought the thing song
might end up taking it.
Oh, people love the thing song.
That thing, the thing, thing, thing.
I like it when you booty thing.
Maybe make a booty thing.
Well, we're not doing it yet, Sammy.
Don't juice the votes that much.
I'm into the thing song.
I mean, I'm a fucking...
I'm a crazy thing.
Oh, shit.
Did it take it?
Oh, baby, it's the thing song.
That thing, the thing, thing, thing.
Thing song is the winner.
Option three, baby.
Okay, well...
What should we do with now?
I guess we could just do it now.
How long have we been on?
An hour 22?
We could also end with it.
Yeah, keep...
Not trying not to terrify everyone.
Well, not a problem today. I'm going to sound incredible.
We'll just do it now.
The thing from Adam's family.
Yeah, we could put up a video compilation of the thing
from Fantastic Four while Sammy sings this.
That's easy to do.
I guess we'll set it to the song song.
I mean, that's what I'm assuming.
Song song...
Well, let's listen to the song song
while we set this up.
Yeah, we'll turn that down.
Well, I guess we're going to go with our
classic AI setup.
I mean, I don't want to have to freestyle this shit
if everybody else gets an AI song.
Man, I remember this class...
Look at this fucking classic ass music video.
Look, it's Cisco doing his fucking thing.
Ignoring his daughter
so that he can
fantasize about thongs.
And they're done that.
What?
Cisco's rolling in his grave.
Yeah, he sleeps in there.
Okay.
Okay, let's see.
You're a song writer.
A classic prompt.
Please write a parody
of Cisco's
quote,
song song
sticking closely
to the original
lyrics.
The chorus though,
this version is called
the thing song.
And it's
also about
an Italian
reformed
super gangster
named Sammy.
But other than that,
keep it close
to the original.
That should be enough, right?
Oh, absolutely.
That should just totally cover it.
Yeah, if it doesn't fucking know what to do here,
then AI is dead.
Okay, it looks like it's...
I don't know.
I don't know.
Just scanning over this.
I'm not quite sure what it's going with here.
It's trying its best.
Oh, you just did my voice. I just did an impression of you.
It's trying its best.
Yeah, it's trying its best.
Let's say, let me see that
thing-to-thing-thing thing.
But you can kind of freestyle a little bit.
I'll freestyle a little bit where necessary.
All right, we got to do what we usually do.
We got to pop open audition.
And I need the instrumental.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Song instrumental.
Is this a good instrumental?
Yeah, this seems pretty strong.
Turn that shit up.
Now we pop open fucking audition real quick.
I know what I'm doing here.
Yeah, thanks for doing this for me.
I fucking know how to record audio.
You piece of trash.
Okay.
And shoot.
It's not working right.
Audio hardware.
Giggle trash, thank you so much.
For the 18 months.
We love to see it.
We love to feel it.
That 8 at 18 months.
Dude, why isn't this working right?
Check, check, check.
Check, check, check. Nope.
Oh, it's because I opened the wrong year.
No, wait, I didn't.
I'm going to try to fix this for case real quick.
Default input.
Chat mic, yes.
Okay, now it's working.
Now we're fucking cooking.
All right.
I'm just going to start recording.
It's recording away.
Great news everybody.
Almost good to go.
Shoot, I don't know if I can actually...
I can show you occasionally.
I'll pull up a thing of the...
I'll pull up a thing compilation
on the small screen.
One second.
Adam's family
thing compilation.
Yes, see?
Here's a thing compilation for you.
Just in case I need to cut to that.
When does Cisco come in?
Okay.
I'm just trying to hear it.
Check it out.
Okay, then it's the wiki wiki
and then we go in.
Yeah, right after the wiki wiki
you got to come in hard.
I'll come in hard after the wiki wiki.
All right.
Let's fucking do this shit.
We're recording, we're good to go, why not?
Yeah.
Here's our lyrics.
Looking good to go.
Feeling good to go.
Feeling good to go.
Damn girl, I saw you in that thing.
Sammy head dumps like a truck.
I was like, what?
They move you butt.
They go sing it again.
Sammy had a style like a don.
Hands on the keys like he's on.
Italian swag, turn it on.
Let me sing it again.
Sammy that thing, thing, thing.
When you make a sing, sing.
Italian bling, bling, bling.
You do this thing, thing, thing.
Sammy got a thing, show it off.
Boys want to say style and cough.
What the fuck's going on?
Oh man.
Oh shoot, I lost it.
Do, do, do, do.
That thing, the thing, thing, thing.
Sammy had a thing, yeah, thing, the thing.
Sammy does a thing, yeah, thing, the thing.
Sammy does a thing, yeah, thing, the thing.
That thing, the thing, thing, thing.
That thing's so wild.
Oh my gosh, I completely lost my place.
Sammy gets together man.
I'm trying.
Yeah, that's thing, ah.
It's going on and on. Italian ice
and he's smooth like a boss. Sammy, that's the way
that you floss. He had a lovin'
cause he's so real from the suits to the ride
a big deal. Man of the hour
with the gangsta repeal. He's reform now
but he got that feel. Sammy got a thing
he's showing it off. Boys want to see his style
when he cough. You know that Sammy
was a boss. He's pickle man
and he's bringing the sauce. Sammy got a thing,
thing, thing. The way you make us want
to sing, sing. Italian bringing that
bling, bling. You know he's doing his
thing. Yeah, Sammy got a thing, thing,
thing. Sammy bringing bling, bling,
bling. Sammy make us sing, sing,
sing. And now he's doing a thing.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, thing,
thing. Sammy got a thing, yeah, thing,
thing. The way you make us sing, sing,
sing. You know I'm doing a thing.
Yeah, Sammy got a thing, thing,
thing. And I'm doing that thing,
thing, thing. And I'm bringing that bling,
bling, bling. You know I'm doing a thing.
That thing so wild look at Sammy go now from the streets. He's bringing that style and bring style like style
He's got a thing that wow wow. He's a gangster now. He's reformed
They live in life never conformed Italian flavor and he's adorned and he's got a thing
Jesus Sammy. I've got a thing and I'm bringing the bling and I've got a thing
But then I bring the thing
I'm also bringing the bling because I'm a boss and here's the thing
That I'm seeing the thing. Let me go a wild wild wild
Then we got a child. Wow. Wow. So we got denial now now. I'm not in denial. How how?
Let me see you go
I'm bringing that thing. I'm going whoa
That I'm making you sing I'm going
Whoa
And now I'm bringing the thing and there's this and that's the thing man. Do you think about it, man? That's the thing
Look at the thing go man
Look at him fucking go. Are you mad just being a hand?
Hand game would be literally all you have a
World where you've only got hand game
You got to spit on that thing
Because I've got that thing and so I spit on that thing hit a little hot tool on the thing and that's the fucking thing
What's up Kendall putting Kendall on my track? Just you talking to Kendall is how you end the whole song. She asked me a question
Well, that's a crazy fucking thing. It's fucking whatever. I don't fucking know. Yeah, technically not your song is featuring Kendall
Oh sick. I got a fucking feature on my track. How much does she want 10 grand? Oh
worth every penny
It's probably our
Best one yet
Really sure
You mean it I guess
Can you just ruin another Kendall's meetings? No, she's fully napping
I'm actually not quite sure what she was trying to communicate with me, but she woke. I think you woke her up, basically
Of my voice of an angel woke her up. How is that even possible? I?
Would assume that would knock anyone out like a siren song
Somehow what you were doing woke her up. That's I know that's hard to believe game
I guess I didn't warm up my voice. I did it was anything it was strained from doing so much news
Happens the best of us. It really does
Okay, well, look we fucking did it y'all play my other song
Where else do you get this kind of shit only from Sammy fucking seven elbows me and the boys
Running pickles out of the back of dummy the Minko shop was that his name dummy the Minkos?
And you know back mama's basement running pickles out of it
Classic Sammy shit classic Sammy hours dropping fucking facts on you fools stay safe out there
The streets aren't all they're made up to be you can get your dick blown right off
Doctor walks up to you like he's got a fucking party sub in his hand
And that's your penis and you never get it back keep that in fucking mind you little freaks
Cuz I know you want to run rough and you want to rat run rag and rough out there
Well, there's consequences to every action
We'll sing camera. I'm sorry Kendall
What did I do? Well, you didn't shout a lot
Is that my fault? Did I fucking do that?
Did I do a bad?
What's that candle?
Yes
Sorry about that
You goofed Sammy. I goofed. I fucking goofed a little bit
That's my bed. It is your bed
Stay safe out there you little fucking freaks
That's all I was trying to say your boys. Yeah, he's got your fucking back
I said stay safe out there you little fucking guys
I love you guys
Kendall needs her own k-pop song
We might need to get her when she's I think Kendall's inherited my head cold
Which I still have and that which everyone who went to Disney with us got
Whole crew got sick
It's the power of Manky Moth
He'd say I mean fortunately Sammy didn't get me in trouble
He's got himself in trouble
It's not like Kendall can be mad at me for what Sammy does
I'm fully protected. This is great
Oh, yeah, I forgot I can do this
Don't touch things that kids touch rule number three
Have you been sneaking in rules all day and I missed him?
Pita, were you barking at Kendall? Is that why she woke up?
I was being good and quiet
He had a me
You okay?
I mean
You've gone drunk with power
I don't even know what any of what you said means so how could I have?
Pita was too busy fucking?
Maybe
I humped today for sure
Did you hump a thing or a person or you know a creature?
I don't make those kinds of distinctions case
But your stairs are really slippery now
That doesn't make sense because
Oh, well, there's just so many there's so many stairs. How could you?
Well, I mean I was covered in
Just a moist glistening kind of
grease
from rolling around in
Um a soap factory you rolled around in a soap factory. Yeah
They're using bunch of animal fats to make soap. I broke in I rolled around in the industrial process
Why'd they let you in because I'm a cute little dog
I didn't see it coming. I rolled around in their whole soap process
I'm the only creature that could go into a soap factory and leave fucking healthy
Yeah, we need to do amongst the web and we have to do trips. So I gotta
I gotta start going here. Okay
Um, I guess we technically got amongst the web first
You can still exclamation point trip at any point though and then he'll be loaded up when we go to him
If you happen to have any stray thoughts during the stream
Uh, for now, let's send it amongst the web
No music
How come I don't get any music? Let's try that again
There we go
You guys aren't excited to see your favorite
government employee rick
Running down the day's hottest videos with you
I didn't realize you were on the docket for today rick. I might have added myself
Need a beat up clip of you
It's great to be here. I'm just double checking on all of your segments. Oh, what's going on behind us the city's
The city looks extra extra alive today. I have to say
And I'm not sure why
Something might have gone wrong with the city. It's looking a little weird. I'll say that much. Um, let me just
Real quick check on that
I love to quickly check on things just slow to hang with the gorilla for a sec
Okay, are you satisfied? I'm satisfied now rick
Is it really necessary? Yeah, look at it's so much more chilling here now
The vibes are substantially more chill. Oh my god a dinosaur. Is that government approved? That's a government approved dinosaur
Don't worry rick as long as you have the proper permits. I do have the proper permits for that dinosaur to attack
neo los angeles
All gorilla no filler it is a varied. I mean, I'll give you credit
Not always that impressed with your outfit here, but that is a
lovely gorilla
You like my gorilla? I mean
He just doesn't stop. He just keeps going and going and going
Energize a gorilla, baby
All right. Well, what do we do here? We watch videos rick as submitted by our lovely audience
You can submit videos at the cream dot team
In the bin section under the bin threads, there's a amongst the web
Section that is absolutely brimming with vids for us to watch
We haven't done this segment in quite a bit actually
Been a couple weeks. I think
So I'm gonna scroll up. I don't know if we can hit all of these
Um, we might be here all day
But I'll try to catch, uh, you know a couple from everybody who's submitted
What a guy. Oh, yeah
What is happening here? I'm already intrigued
It's a good sign check this shit out rick
Makes baking soda into ketchup ketchup shooter this thing literally
Spider-man, what are you doing? Oh my god
That's a lot this is science. This is the power of science. This is educational
Way more educational than the things I've seen spider-man do with elsa
I think I think the monster
The fact she was that used to her son
Being in that spider-man outfit
Worries me
I do love a little violence
I love a little violence at the end of a video and he got the absolute shit smacked out of him. Damn
Oh, you love violence rick? I do my guy laugh it. I do laugh at violence
I find a lot of government agents actually do
Shock to hear that
I mean, I thought that was a strong start
That had everything education a mom getting
Gacked
You like to see a mom get gacked. That's just classic stuff a mom getting absolutely gacked with a with a glissom gross gump
Gross gump. It was just ketchup and baking soda making it kind of icky and wacky
Uh, you can vote on these exclamation point one through ten. You can rate this video
This one seems to be coming in at a powerful nine
Yeah, scrum was here. He would be upset
Due to his strict no violence policy scrum and I do disagree on that sometimes violence is
Necessary to justify the ends of the means what? That's a nine, baby. That is a nine
Okay, let's uh check out a dog see how this dog's doing. I don't want to see any good girls sitting for a cookie
Show me that bad
Wow, let's see that again
No respect really. Pappito in the sink. I don't want to see any of these like good boys and good girls
That's honestly almost it's almost like using a toilet
Exclamation point hot
Okay
I see that the freaks come out in this weird neon hellscape
Absolutely damn
You probably learned it from his master
Well, you know if you've been
out all night
Blowing off some cia steam you come home sink looks like a toilet. What? It just depends on how much you've had to drink
And you will find that in addition to finding violence funny
Some of us government officials really love to throw them back
That might just be a you think a thing Rick. It's really not
Oh, okay a 6.92 not able not quite as popular as
Mom smacking the shit out of spider-man
She was so comfortable with him in that spider-man outfit. You think he wears that all the time
But you got to make content, you know if you've already got your look established
Which is just I'm in a spider-man suit. Maybe he's in that thing 24 seven
Hmm
YouTube granny tarot
I don't know what this is, but I guess we'll find out together
She's such a young grandma
When I was a young grandma
The edging and that shit
the ingrown hairs and
and
She's as legible as some of this stream's characters
One time I cut the fuck out that motherfucker and took all the way down to the white meat
And I'm already white. So, you know, and if I got to the wider meat, okay
What?
You the microphone 900 had the same reaction to that video. I do think that might be the only reaction to that video
Is uh
Yeah, I don't know quite what she was saying. Yeah, what?
But I guess that's part of her charm. It's part of that down home charm
This could be our this could be today's loser so far. Ooh, this one's getting tanked the reviews are in
And uh, we don't like the future that you saw down home grandma tarot grandma
Or like terrible grandma
She could be a perfectly good grandma rick. Take it easy. What do you have against grandma?
I just was making fun of her
Is that not really allowed to do that?
Let the score do the work for you. You don't need to be burning bridges
But if you have to work with that grandma someday, she's got to solve the cia mystery for you
That's true. She could be part of the tarot unit that we have. That's that's a real thing
Okay, let's see what this little from old from young to old
Here's a little baby
Like your mom what'd you say
No
You don't have brown skin like me
World color is my skin
Did she say that?
She's her daughter. I think she can
You know kids say the darndest things
And kids make uh, you make racial kids make the darndest racial alignments
Well, she's just saying she's light-skinned. She's straight up said white
Well, but kids just don't make those distinctions eventually she'll learn to say
She's light-skinned
Which is the thing you're allowed to say I don't know it sounds weird when you say it rick. What she's a light-skinned woman
Sounds like you're filing you're like a racist police report. No
She's just a light-skinned mother
I don't know stop it rick. What did I do? She is
8.8 8.8
That kid did that kid did kind of let her have it
That'd be technically the kid was just saying what they saw
To them. I'm not agreeing or disagreeing. You're agreeing
It just was
I don't know if rick's in trouble, but I'm gonna I'm gonna just assume he is okay. Here's another grandma
According to a grandma heavy stream upon a star you're a million years too late
Star is dead
Just like your dreams
You okay rick?
Sorry that one has really made me think
Why did you wish upon a star regularly?
Well when I was young I wished upon a star to
Be the realest american of all
Defend the values this country stands for
sometimes I do feel like
star
Maybe what I wished on was already dead. This is what a quitter would say
But I know that I stand for what's right. I stand for america
I stand for each and every one of you and I will never stop defending your rights. Boom
He's pumped up the gorilla. You turn the gorilla back on
That gorilla is a real american like me. Let's see what else we got. Here's a guru. Here's a guy
Hmm, this is apparently gross
And long this is the description live in sleazy gave this too long grossed out
We'll see how long we can make it will we last 10 seconds getting grossed out by this guy's beard? Let's find out
So I just went for a run did some work out some push-ups
I'm just pulling back my foreskin and I'm just waving my hummus cannon around
That shroom I'm sniffing
Now there's a very subtle pheromonal primal secretion of apricot and pheromones underneath the foreskin and from the sides of the glands and the
What's it called the scrotal sac?
And it's really interesting because in ancient sparta the men were constantly working out with their foreskins forward
They would wear this little thing called a kind k-nodes may k-y-n-o-d-e-s-m-e
Which in english means dog tie and it was a string to tie their foreskin forward
And then the foreskin underneath would get very very sweaty during the workout during the naked wrestling etc
And then they would go and shower together and they would pull back their foreskins and you get this very rank primal masculine
pheromonal release from all of the mushrooms in the bathhouse after they wrestled naked in the gymnasium
Gymnodes means place of male undress
And so I find it really interesting men are really missing out on that aspect like there are you know
Hockey dudes who get naked they pull back their foreskins and they'll shoot their hummus onto a cookie
But it's always done in the dark in a sense of like in shame and and secrecy
Let's bring these rituals back into the light back into the sun. Let's get those mushrooms out and sniff sniff sniff
And bring in 5d, right? We need to activate the pheromones into the olifactory sense
Let me just say that it's important as a representative of the american government
To inform you that it is best if some rituals are kept deep in the dark
Deep dark rituals. Obviously rituals are an essential part of any democracy. You need to do them
Malik must be fed
But you don't feed malik in the light
so
I just say if you could keep some of those trade secrets
Where they belong
Deep in the dark. We'd all appreciate it. This could be our first zero. This is exciting
I mean, I agree. That's a strong zero not from not just for me, but for america
That's a pathway to a zero keep our rituals in the dark
The devouring of hummus is sometimes necessary to feed malik, but wow
You did it guys
You finally unlocked the secret zero reaction
Oh, this whole stream is shut down for a second. That's the power of how much we hated that video
You need a shower you need zero showers. That's the power of the zero. Oh my god. This guy has a whole
Is this the same guy? I'm gonna check if this is the same guy
It is the same guy. There's a whole andrew callahan video about this guy
Just when two untra controversial dudes meet in the woods
I watched an andrew callahan video in a while
Is he is he doing okay?
Did he come back?
Looks like he's doing fine. He's still got millions of views on all of his videos
Well, he said sorry
I mean, uh, I haven't kept up with it. So I will just not judge either way
He's a singer of some renown. Oh, is he like a famous singer?
Uh, maybe someday we'll watch this 20 minute andrew callahan video, but for now
We'll spare ourselves some of this guy
Um, we might save some of the we might do another one of these tomorrow
And do two more today
Because there's actually quite a few in here
Then maybe tomorrow we could watch some chunks of this andrew that was bono
Wow, bono looks great. His beard is so
permed
Yeah chat was asking if the beard was permed
And I'm not sure but we'll we'll protect ourselves from another zero for now and just move on to this, uh
UFC oh no, this is a
Political video. I can't tell this could either be the ufc american gladiators or some kind of political campaign
My guess is the third one
Oh freedom to oh
It's not like people are talking over this
Isn't off the boys this isn't one of those way too on the nose the boys jokes
It just sounds like everyone's sort of talking amongst themselves during this
I have to say
I mean, I think that's fair and I'm not sure you really need to listen to that
We could have our first back-to-back zero. Oh, no, it already got a one
Some people like the way that lotter water looks. I would just like to point out this still frame that we ended on
Whoever edited this video did a great job choosing this final still frame
looking truly demonic
I was just once again based on that image like to point out that I I am in favor of keeping
The various rituals that undergird our reality in check and keeping them secret
And I do feel like this woman is
um
Allowing her inner demon to slip out in public
And give me your money you fucking bitch a little classic fin dom from this, uh
Republican mistress
So you're against freedom and water
Are you for it? Well, I'm not I'm not partisan actually. I'm a non-partisan member of the deep state. So
I'm not going to come down on either side of this. This is sort of a political drinking
And I I I prefer to drink on both sides
That's really brave rick. It's so hard in this day and age to drink water
Between the aisles, but we get thirsty too
That's beautiful man. That is beautiful
Sometimes you don't need music to play
a sonata
That gorilla does prove that every day
Okay, let's see what else we got
Let's do two more
See a grimace
I don't know if people fly. I guess I guess they must I'm guessing they probably justify the manufacturing cost of uh
Branding water bottles that particular way by selling this to some absolute rubes
Or honestly, if you just make a deal to have that water be sold at the convention
Maybe you could just turn a profit that way. It's like screen printing on t-shirts. You just brand your water
For the specific convention you're at and
You make money before they're even sold because you sell that wholesale to the arena
Now you're cooking
Okay, let's see what's going on with this grimace mascot. Well, I mean
Is that the mickey d's uh, that's the mickey d's mascot ain't it grimace mickey d's
Yeah, I'm mickey d's. It looks like an emoji. That's brown. Yeah, you know what? I'm gonna call my kids
Does grimace look like the poop emoji?
Is that real?
You asking if it's real if grimace looks like the poop emoji? I just feel like he's a slightly different shape
Have as the younger generation forgotten who grimaces that sounded like two men in their 40s talking to be fair
What does this country even stand for anymore? You think grimace is an essential part of the american bedrock? Absolutely
He's ron's buddy
If ronald doesn't have a best friend
How is he family friendly family friendly characters need a best friend?
That means grimace is an essential part of the equation that is mcdonald's and mcdonald's is an essential part of america
Grimace is a taste bud. Obviously
Have we forgotten the sacred lore of grimace as a nation?
What are we teaching our kids anymore? You want to teach want to make sure ensure that our kids are
Learning about grimace. Absolutely
We didn't even celebrate his birthday this year. We made him into a cheap horror mascot
A challenge for a bunch of tiktok kids and selves instead of celebrating the deep lore of grimace's life and times
What kind of deep lord does he have? He's he's part of the mcworld
I'm not I don't need to educate you on things that you should already know on my culture
You're what you're part of the mcworld. We all are we're living in a mcworld and that used to mean something
That's true. I mean nothing can kill him. So i'm not too worried
All right, we're gonna end uh
We're gonna scroll way down
I was wondering if something was a ufc thing earlier. So let's end on this ufc clip
just a little
Little punched kick fighting
Did they turn or did he get turned? Oh my god
Oh
somebody poured water on her
I do we have a translation?
Is there a translation available?
That's
I mean, oh wait, there might be a translation
Damn, I need I'm gonna I'm gonna google a translation really quick
Uh ufc
Proposal
Turned down she said you know you are a cheater
Oh
And they booed her. Well, that's classic ufc
I do think the polite thing to do in public is just say yes
What if you definitely don't want to marry them?
exclamation point sad
I agree
It's I I also think it's part of our american duty to say yes to any public proposal
Well, that was in russia so then they're free of that
And that's why america is the only place where you're free to have to say yes if you're proposed to in public
I don't understand your political ideology
It's because it's not a political ideology. It's an american ideology
Well, thanks rick
For being here and providing some good times so she's available. I'd say so that's a great point
And I stay single
Because I'm not I mean I for safety I can't like spider-man. I can't get involved because
I'm so dangerous in vip. Okay. That's just the price of freedom. Okay
Whoa
Sorry, that's how I cough sometimes
Like a revving motor. I'm just trying to clear my throat. All right
Don't do my voice
Well, thanks for having me case. This was a whole load of fun. It's great to hang out with all of you. See
It's because I'm a cia representative doesn't mean I can't have a little bit of fun with each and every one of you
And this gorilla here
Who i'm a huge fan of
Excellent work on the gorilla
Just comes naturally
Thanks for hanging out. We'll have more web. I think tomorrow there's like another
Seven or eight videos in here that I didn't even have time to get to and you could add even more
Uh, maybe tomorrow we'll have
Who haven't done this yet with yet scrum
We'll get everybody in get us all in here case
Oh, yeah, our uh, justin powers. Maybe he can make you come back. All right. Thanks for coming amongst the web with us
This is making me feel like i'm trapped
Skadoo is pronounced sh-shadow
This is really unsettling without the music case
Anyway, that's we've gone amongst the web and now we're sending you back
you know what
I saw a lore video where they were pronouncing it as um
Shadoo fragments
I will say shadoo is also really stupid at least
Um, and I think that you've got a great point. They should have spelled the whole thing skadoo
It shadow like skadoo of herod tree
I
I don't I think I will have to keep pronouncing it skadoo
because
I don't care how old english they claim it is
Shadoo to me they they unfortunately will remain skadoo fragments in my heart
In my heart of hearts. It is the skadoo tree
oops
Sorry just fixing a thing
I just skadooed on the floor
Maybe it will empower you do fragments. I leave them all over the place
I'll get peter to clean it up
You sealed his wall hole. How's he gonna clean it up?
Oh, that's true. He hasn't dug out yet. Yeah, he's all sealed up in there
And that's why they just keep piling up all the skadoo fragments. That one's absorbing their power
I'm gonna mail him back to feet. It might be
Yeah, you're so full of fucking liquids and goose. Yeah, I'm a dog. We're full of liquids and goose
He does eat a lot of cheese. Yeah, I made 10 cheese today
Something I like 50 cheese
I've been working on some new um reactions to you eating cheese. You've been working. I've been working on new reactions to eating cheese
So it might be more soon
I have to practice them my cheese reactions
Time to reinstate producer elections. Yeah, let me be a host
I'm tired of being a producer
You don't even know what a producer is. Oh, yeah. I guess I don't care then
We could do producer elections. We could we could we could uh move papito around
Papito is ready for his own channel
24-7 papito channel. I can give him his own body now based on what we saw today
It's producing unwanted children. Yeah
Eight hour papito stream. I won't get old
I know this. Yeah, better and better and better
Okay, we need to go um to the streets
And that might do us for the day
See if anything else gets requested, but uh in the meantime
I hope that it's functioning more normally today. Let's see how trip's doing and whoever else is out there
It's time to go to the streets
Yes
Great to see everybody. It's your boy trippy b
The bad steen
Bradstein
I'm out here on these streets. We've already got some opinions waiting
But you're more than welcome to add more
More than more you can add any an opinion you want with exclamation point trip
Our flawless system that never breaks
Ever
Let's see who else is out here today
Let me load us up with some folks to talk to
Do the do the do the do the do the do
Hmm. Who's working? Oh, what's what the heck?
All right. Let's see what this guy's deal is. Um
Coming in hot
It's our first opinion again exclamation point trip if you would like to add any more
But for now, let's see what's up with this guy. How are you doing?
It's trip bradstein want to chat with me
Oh, okay, he's walking away that guy's walking away and I open and Pepito is walking up
Right, who's that other guy?
Was that clementine? Okay
The hair does really suit you Pepito. It's my usual hair
Anyway, Pepito here. I'm still
Uh, not ballas my bitches. I just want to be clear. That's what my female dog girlfriends are called and they asked me to call them that
Want it
They don't call me pepe's for nothing. Got it
Anyway, I looked up hot puppies online and got a lot of people in dog
Were those pursuits? What's that about? I humped to them. I'm a dog
You hopped to them
Yeah
Pepito, do you understand the consequences of what you're saying? What do you mean? I know
Since when are you so sex-crazed and I thought it was unclear what your genitals are. Well, I don't know what a penis is
But uh, lay it down
Yeah, are you asking? I lay it down
I don't know Pepito
a penis
That's what they call me because I lay it down so good
um
Notorious sex dog Pepito strikes again. Apparently. I don't know if I think I'd like you to stop
I don't really know. Should I sex shame a dog?
I just want to check as what I'm doing sex
What am I doing and someone tell me? Um
I'm getting yeses and nos. I'm getting I'm getting mixed reactions here
Pepito, whenever I see a dog humping. I feel like the polite thing to do is look away
It's sort of there unless they're on something that I own. I'm like, I'm just gonna let them have that and I look away
So I'm not the one to ask
Hopito. Oh, I like that. I'm Hopito
Pepito lays drinking straw. Yeah, sometimes I eat those
They get caught in my intestines because they can curl up like an intestine get your hand out of here
Wow a whole pole
Exclamation point oh to add an option to this should we slut shame Pepito?
Jesus Christ. Sure. Don't you don't get to vote apparently? Well, you should it is about you. I'm saying fine. Whatever
What's the slut shame? It's a thing that word that's bad to do
And so my vote would be no
Hmm our options are never slut away hella yes
And um, whatever the fifth one ends up being exclamation point one through five
We'll let you vote once all the options are in and you can vote now
Uh std is the final option
I'm gonna say um slut away
I don't get what any of it means
Hmm
It's it's pretty close right now. Some people are worried about stds. I think what's that can I eat that?
You kind of can eat that but you shouldn't want to eat that well, but I do
What's it taste like?
Depends on the person who gives it to you
Like a chef
You know, I've got other people to talk to Pepito. I think
It looks like um slut away is gonna carry it off. Oh good. So what does that mean?
It just means basically what I said if you hump, I'm gonna not pay attention. Just do you Pepito
Okay, because I will hump
I hump not me. Oh, I don't want to hump you. I hump this sign
Well, it's kind of unclear or that sign exists in space. It's street themed, but it's technically an overlay
So I don't think you could hump that
I hump microphone
Too explicit. Okay. I'll go hump
Hmm that guy over there with his face that keeps changing, but every time it's ugly. Oh, that's Rob. You could absolutely go hump him
Oh, okay. I go hump him. Okay. Bye. Bye. I go hump him
Bye-bye
I'm a big fan
Pepito's a big fan of me. That's great to hear. Normally that just washes over me like nothing
But I am honestly excited to hear that Pepito's a fan
Boop boop-a-doo boop boop-a-doo. Let's see who else is out here today
um
Oh, that other freaking guy is still lingering around. What do you want, man?
Give me a loop-de-loo twisty. We I'm not I can see it out of the peripheries
He's loop-de-looing away on rob and rob does not like it and that makes me very happy
Let's see what this guy has to say. What do you want?
Very true. Um, I'm worried people don't know what good heckling is
Um, okay, or maybe they're on something
I saw
I saw you don't have to get that close to the mic. I saw kid Kamala Harris
Uh getting getting protested for abiding the genocide in Gaza
Okay, well that is a fair thing to protest someone for
Although maybe the children of politicians we could
Probably leave out of it. Well, anyway, Kamala Harris gets heckled on Jimmy Kimmel
I was sad people didn't know the difference
But then I thought accusing someone of war crimes was the best heckle you could make
Oh, it's a vid not a kid
Excuse me, but if it's Kamala Harris directly getting heckled then that's absolutely fair. Yeah, that's my point
But then I thought I'm anyway accusing someone of war crimes was the best heckle you could make
Telling someone you'd rather be in Darfur than listening to you would just be brutal
Is that what you're telling me? Anyway, peace
I mean that literally in figure I'm out of here, but peace
He just showed up in low-key war crime heckle me
I mean, I think he's got a point. That's like a burn for sure
It's like a dark burn. It's kind of an edge lordy burn
But he stared me down when he said it
Hmm, maybe this guy can clarify for me, sir
I don't know what's on your mind, but I'd love to talk to you. Shit. I just hit the wrong button
One second. I'm gonna um
If I might have I might have skipped over someone's by accident if I did apologies, but here's the next one
Hey trip. I'm dick Gibbon. You know my brother
um
Hi dick. Have you seen him lately? I'm worried something happened to him
Last letter was something about the whole you know the whole being closed up
I'm dick Gibbon though
What?
Your peter. Oh your peter Gibbons brother
Yeah, I'm dick Gibbon
Did your parents name you after they saw you? Yeah, they saw me they gave me this name
This guy looks like the skin in the petri dish
Well, my skin does regenerate. Do you have the interesting hair choice that you have there? Yeah
I kind of like the bangs look
But I have dark bangs
Okay
Let me just really quick find um opinion that I think I might have
If you put an opinion before dick dick here and you remember and and you can retype it
I do think I skipped it and that and that's an apology. Why don't you why aren't you answering my question?
What's your question? I'm worried something happened to peter
Well, peter's
From what I understand. He's a man of particular tastes. I can relate
I'm a park man. I live in the park
Don't do my voice. I live in the park
He's a wall man. He lives in the walls. What?
He's my brother
No, he's a wall. Well, he's your brother, but you must accept that your brother is a wall man
What does that mean?
You get to break people down in the easy categories like that
You're not just a park man. You're also a son a husband a father
Mostly. I'm a park man
Peter has a whole family. Where is he? Where is he?
He's in the walls. What walls the walls of the studio whether you know where he works
Who's allowing this? I mean technically no one we try to get him out
But kind of punish him recently. We sealed up the walls. What?
So he's sort of trapped in there with the rats. Don't worry. He's fine. I think he lives off their juices and their meats
What where's my brother? He's a producer
He's a working producer. He was
Well, look, he just he's evolved you evolve over the course of your life
Currently he's a vagabond who lives in the walls subsisting off of rats and forcing himself on to a lightly viewed twitched show
You look like a dick
That's my name. Yes
so
You know, you got to find your thing. What's your thing
I'm my thing is I'm gonna find my brother. I'm dick Gibbon
And I think he's been pulled into a cult or something. I don't fully understand but
Thank you for the information
And I will be sharing it with the authorities. Well a case has and they can't seem to get him out of the walls
So good luck
I'm a big fan, but this is upsetting
Sorry, I zoned out there
Let's see. We got a two more opinions to get through maybe three
I think I did accident. I got it. Let's sort out these buttons
So it's a hair trigger system on skipping these opinions. I do apologize
Let's see
Who else is out here today?
Hmm, okay. Let's see what this guy's deal is. Excuse me. I'm tripp Bradsey. Do you want to have a word?
I like to repairing now
Uh, hello Pablo piques piques are here
Hello, I can stand all the hate for air recently and I for one welcome our majestic unknown AI
Pablo Picasso Spanish. Yeah, I'm probably pick ass. Oh
I'm sick of human made art and can't wait for AI
You are art. Well, it's into our life in a way
Uh, take I want a uh, I can't wait for it to take all of these pesky creative jobs off our hands
So we can do the truly fulfilling human activities like spreadsheets
Filing for our taxes and scrubbing filthy shitty toilets while wiping uncontrollably
I think you you seem to be a piece of art me eyes
Or wearing one me eyes
So I think maybe to art
mundane activities is boring, but to mundane humans art
Is actually exciting and it's usually preferable to do over
scrubbing this shit out of toilets and
feeling out tech sheets
You know, ultimately to give away money by doing
Extra work at the end of the year. They saw what they're describing to me sense likes a surreal of an art time
The thrill of an art time is how I'm in the art man
Monami's Pablo pick ass. Oh
Yes
I understand that there's ass in there, but what exactly is ass about you?
Yes, it's a style of you who did I was drawn with an ass and I come to life
You were drawn with an ass and you came to life like I just put the brush in the butt
And then how did he bring you to life?
He's just that good
Well, you've got arms seemingly no, my buddy. I was totally stiff. I love my fast. Can you know?
What I don't know my friends can you know?
I will never leave my dream of doing them in activities cleaning toilets washing flowers
Scrubbing this magma out of my penis cleaner
You have a penis. Yes, but it's totally immable and always thief
Hello, Piso. I see well, I don't really actually I thought I'd have more questions for you because
Technically you look like you should have a
Unique stance on the world being a piece about yourself
But instead you kind of have the opinions of a a piece of shit
Yes, it's true
Don't know let the looks come
Yes, yeah, sometimes something can look interesting, but actually be just a big piece of shit
That's very true
Need that mushroom hummus brings the rich house into that light
When my cell of right arm, I'm a sitting and some magma activities
I'm gonna have to plead the rick here and agree that some rituals are best kept deep in the dark
Okay, well, thanks so much and thank you
You do the most mundane sing-a-towel of our gist
Talking out of your ass all day and because of this I'm a big fan
big fine trip
Backhanded compliment, but he ain't got no hands. Well, actually he did they were just kind of sculpted on
Visual arts more like visual shards ha ha take him down a peg joey heads that I'm there with you
How do these visual arts always acting like there's such a big deal?
Hmm, okay
Let's see what this guy's deal is
I see you coming. You got you got some words for me. I'm trippy b
Hey pal, I've seen you around the park at night
I've seen you around the park
Uh, yes, I'm a park man too
I sneeze I see you snuggle your camera and code each night for warmth. I think to myself
I want to be in that snuggle
How to okay
You sure that you haven't just lost your mind because maybe you're sort of trapped in a
Immortal
Semi-tangible plane between worlds. Well
Uh, how about it is what I'm asking you tonight parkman
When you get cold, I'll meet you in your snuggle sandwich be in your bush
Yeah, this is a grace from Elden Ring. I'm I'm just a man who likes to think in the park
What do you say?
Be in my snuggle sandwich
And I'm gonna I like a solo bush
I appreciate the offer. I'm happy to talk to a fellow traveler always, but
I think you might just be an insane man who's been driven, you know
senseless by the power of glin stone you've considered the stars for too long and it's
Um, my love, you know the the the warm embrace of me at night will not cure your loneliness source or or eliminate your brain rot
All right later later
Big fan obviously but later
What can you do sometimes an Elden freak sneaks in here and you just got to
You got to be harsh, but firm
They're barely clinging to reality. So you have to kind of put them down hard
This guy sounds like his friends dirty mic in the boys
Yeah, maybe dirty dirty dirty mic
Hmm, okay
Let's see what this guy's up to. Whoa. He looks kind of familiar
What's your name young man? I want to talk to me. I'm trippy b
what
That it's me. Oh
What
It's me jr. Oh my gosh. What please come home. It's been seven years mom chase and I miss you
Oh, well, you're not nice. All mom does is cry and bake cakes and say welcome back trip
But i'm tired of eating cake
You miss chase's wedding dad
I would never miss chase's wedding
I still get mail in the park. I keep a p. O box outside
You don't look like jr. To me. I look dad. I look just like you
You missed chase's wedding
It was beautiful. It's time to come home
dad
You're rob elvie. What? No, I'm not. Oh my god. I saw it in chat chat had my back
Fine, but I think you did miss your son's wedding. I stole the mail where he invited you you piece of shit
I'm not though. There's no way you could have known. I also hacked your phone
And I and I blocked his number
You know, I'm not a man of violence rob, but I swear to god. I might I might punch you right in the face
Oh, really
You think you can punch me rob elvie in the in the fucking faith
I like to see you try
I'd like to see you try
You're pissing me off rob. You're pissing me off something fierce
And if you're not I will I will punch you
Straight in your fucking face
No
You don't got the fucking gall
I
I'm getting real pissed what you're gonna do about it champ
What do you think you can do to me?
Rob rob
then
Elvian ah
What the ah?
Hey, stop it. Ow. What are you doing? Uh, hey cut it out. Uh, I just realized the camera's on me
But I swear I was punching him and I was just sort of doing his voice
While punching him
He did not punch me. He did not he was just he was trying to mimic me like I was getting hurt
But he really wasn't punching me and honestly he doesn't like I was saying
He does not have the balls to punch. Oh, what the heck? Oh, no, he's actually doing it now. Oh, ah, what are you doing?
Stop it. That's a mark. Oh that microphone really hurts. Oh, oh my god. Stop it. Oh, uh, uh, uh
Wait, I gotta go the other way
He's hitting me so hard it's whiplashing my head back really fast. Oh, uh, so many uppercuts. Oh straighten the nose
Straighten the nose. Jesus Christ. I've had enough. I've had enough. I fucking had enough
I've had enough. Have you had enough? I fucking had enough
You win this round. You beat the shit out of me. You absolutely rocked my fucking face
With microphone punches and I've got more microphone. I'm not a man of violence
Usually I subscribe to the scrum school of passivity
But today rob you pushed me too far making me miss my son chase his wedding
It was an outdoor wedding for a reason. I assume it was outdoors. I went in your stead
What?
If I didn't have to set up punching you again, I'd punch you right now. I'm okay. Okay. Take it easy
Take it easy and you should make your phone pass or something other than one one one one one. You dumbass
Sorry microphone 900. I apologize. You just pissed me off something fierce
Jesus Christ. What a day. What a day we've had
Two more opinions here. Let's see what else is going on on these streets. Sorry for showing you that vicious violence
I usually I'm a man of peace. I'm a man of street conversations and kindness
But I have my limits and he made me miss my son's outdoor wedding. How could he do that to me?
All right, let's see who else is out here today
I'll need a job desperately
Would you be willing to pay me to produce creamy content?
My credentials are being a long time chatter and g4 enjoyer mostly. I just puppeteer a ratty puppet
I made myself
And do racy jokes that only flew in 2002. Oh, you gave me the whole
Intro you gave me the whole cv. That's all I've got to offer
I'm also Rob Elby's cousin
Why would you let me I just feel like I have to let you know that that's why I sound similar
Well, my last name is an Alvi. It's actually Alvin and my first name is Chet Monk
Your name is Chet Monk Alvin. Well, my middle name's Monk. My first name's Chet and my last name is
Alvin
So people have all my life called me Alvin Chet Monk
Or they called me little chip bitch
Why is that? I don't eat chocolate chip mint ice cream for lunch every day
And I used to weep into it
Because I'm a sensitive soul
All right, man. You're really laying me with a lot here
Would you hire a down on his luck?
Alvin
I just I'm confused by your vibe man and I'm gonna have to pass out
So I don't make the hiring and firing decisions around here, but
I do love a good racy 2002 joke. Can you tell me one? Oh, it doesn't work outside of the context of a comedy club
And it barely works in one anymore
But if you insist, uh
Hey, anybody follow the 2000 election I did I followed it closely
um
You know, they said florida was split
Uh, well the last time I split something in florida
it was uh
It was the crevices of a woman whose services I'd paid for
I have a problem with
prostitution
And I'm actually here to
repent
That wouldn't that's not even that racy
I didn't I mean, I never really made it on and like the open mic scene
I would then use the r-word though. I'd call on point people and be like look at him
That part actually used to go really well
I gear fired. Well, you never hired me. Well, yeah, but you're fired
Do you want to get banned stick around? All right. All right
I don't want to get banned. I think we need some lessons on classic joke writing
A lot of the comics case brings out more seem like they're just free associating filthy ideas
Or just poorly considered ones. I don't know looks like we have one more opinion to get to
Jesus why is everyone so hairy today?
Yes, sir. I see you staring at me if you've got a thing to say I love to chat
I'm in fact trip bradstein. I need a job desperately. Would you be willing to pay me to produce creamy kind?
I've already
Heard this spiel
This is a result of me pressing the button twice earlier. I'm not rob alvey's cousin. I'm his proctologist
But I'd love to change careers. Okay. I don't know why
Rob's friends are coming over. They well, he's in the park. So, you know, we were playing
bachi ball together
This guy so it's more cocaine than the giraffe who said that who said that
I'm a drunk actually. I have the wc feels nodes because I have an alcohol problem. Thank you very much
I'm barely holding it together now. I'm fucking really drunk
Is that funny to you because that stuff used to play in 2002. I'd go in front of the audience. I'd be like
Anybody following the 2000 election. Oh my god. I heard there's a split decision
The only thing I split was my car in half
Wrapping it around a tree. I drove drunk and I faced the consequences and I'm actually here to repent
This is not a joke format. Well, it worked in 2002. Then I'd point at the club at the crowd and I'd say
Your little yora, and I'd use the m word which you can't use anymore
You can't do anything anymore. Can you imagine trying to make a show like dark angel today wouldn't fly too racy
What about that show is racy? It was
Hot as hell. You see jessica elvin that whoo. Okay. I see I'm not wanted. Bye. Bye
Why is opinions misspelled there?
Case get it together two peas
Closing the opinions for the day
We'll reopen them next time the stream is active 2002 needs to work on its joke format
I don't personally remember that one, but apparently it must have been popping off in the florida
comedy club scene
Thank you for the hot opinions though. Love to see them out here on the streets
Even if they're slowly certainly driving me crazy. I like it. I don't want to hold on to my mental sanity
Unzip my mind throw it out like nasty filthy laundry
That's all I that's how I treat my brain and that's how I hope I treat it. Are you treat all of yours?
I'm tripped bradstein. I'll never stop slowly liquidating my frontal core
And until then I'll see you next time. Bye. Bye
Okay, last thing of the day
If we get any other segment requests, uh, we might have to hold them for tomorrow
I do think it's about time to
feed and water my candle before this, um
Patriot stream, but let's do a little how-to and I won't waste any time getting to it
Let's send it right over there
Let's see what jeb is learned today
and I don't know what that was in reply to but
Bannings happen every day here. You've seen rob
Anyway, uh, let's learn how to do some stuff. Here's jeb. Wow. It's great to see everybody
You're back in the woodcheb with me jeb. Well more of the wood shop
Maybe a little too nice to call to shed
My dad's here. He's trapped in the wood
Uh, don't worry. He hasn't escaped. He's still in there. He's stuck. Oh god. I am here
It's great to be here with you son in the wood where I'm stuck
He sure is
Trapped in there forever. Maybe really I'll never get out. I don't honestly know daddy. Don't really get how it works
Okay, yeah
Good to see everybody and excited to learn with all of you
Let's see what I'm
Let's see what kind of stuff you've been sending my way trying to teach me some valuable lessons
Well, I don't torture the wood. I just coaxed its true form out of it. That's how I like to think it
I'm peeling layers away to reveal the object that was hiding inside of it all along
The tools remind you of home improvement classic show sometimes I wonder when I'm going to find my home improvement
Uh
Yeah, that's it daddy
Yeah, just like that
Well, maybe not quite like that
Sorry, that's I'm just trying to make the noise
I think I'd go deeper son
That's higher actually son
You're you keep going higher
Twenty more minutes of this. Well, we might well, maybe we move on to how to
I thought I just feel like I'm getting close to it. Okay
How to make safe chemical free deodorant. That's the last thing we learned
How to give a facial massage with moisturizer
You had a face daddy. I'd hide help you out there. Oh, you'd massage my face. That's
Interesting sure would be just a son massaging his dad's face, but unfortunately
Your face is wood and I think if I moisturize your wood it could only leave to
Probably rot issues
Let's see how we got this done
A really I'm gila for expert village gila
Why don't we want to really pamper our skin and prepare it before makeup
Plial we can massage our skin with our moisturizer
We're using the same amount that we use for regular moisturizing of the skin
We take the tiny drop of moisturizer applying it to the face
and we
Not just that we are rubbing it into the skin, but we're using circular motions in the cheek zone
This creates also blood flow to the face and is healthy for the skin and for the cell renewal
We're also applying it to the neck and we're slowly gently going upwards and we do a movement
That's not not like kneading dough, but gently gently
Holding our fingers tips upwards and holding the cheek and letting it go. She okay
Which reminds us of a little bit of kneading dough upwards on one side and the same
We need the other side gently gently gathering the skin holding it into the tips of our fingertips
And releasing upwards need and release and releasing
After that we make sure to just gently gently
You know this is two minutes. I say almost three. I say we watch the whole thing
Move it out towards the ear tips. Yeah moving it out and caressing the skin
I'm gonna go wash my hand so I can practice this one check
We go upwards to the nose as we massage ourselves
And we are going to the forehead and we spread our fingertips across
And across we can do this repetitively about three to five ten times
It's all good. Our skin is happy to be receiving this attention
And then we care for the whole
sinus area
Using the infinity figure of we are going around the eyes
The whole area is being taken care of with one hand over the other you going
Towards the outer side of the eye to the inner side
And we do this to ourselves in order to relax the skin and prepare it for the day ahead of us
It's a wonderful way to show our skin that we love it and we're giving it attention
When we're finished massaging this the whole area is so relaxing again come back to the face
starting from the chin and
What we'll do now is
One hand goes over the other one hand goes over the other hand
It's so good more attention and love to the face and to the skin
Her skin's getting nice and red because it's so relaxed. That's beautiful
Wow, that looks really relaxing made me with that. I have the skin
It's not wood
Me too. Well, I have that actually I have that okay. Well, um
Oh, jeez. I can't see a thing
Okay, well look I grabbed some face lotion
And I know that it's not you're not supposed to do it on yourself
But just to practice a little how to I'll take a glob of lotion
I'll pat it on my face
And then we just rub
Oh
Oh, that's nice
Oh, oh that feels good
Oh, he released a lot for me
I used her form. Oh need it. Did I not need it enough like dough?
Mmm
I got some lotion in my hair. How was that dad?
What up? What other videos do you have son?
Hmm. Good question. LA Roche Posse
Is the lotion?
Face anyone's wondering
A new nightmares replaced the pink face blob. I think I saw one
Was that a snuff film? I I mean maybe
Hmm
Okay, let's see what else we got
one to 26 how
Do you talk to women to pimp on them? What?
Wait, this isn't like one to mm. Okay, we're gonna get this or shot and we might have to not watch it depending
on some things
Hey, hey, hey, what's good fam? It's your man. Mr. Diamond. I hear a fucking round of a man koola case studio
Yeah, man, you know, I might bless the mic for him a little bit today, man
Get some of that ism, you know, I'm saying make one of them tracks really really floaty big. What look here, man
We keep the ball rolling
Today's course man come from a cat called self tone bone 145. Oh, what a name 45
He's subscribed and tuned in levels course and right there on the page
And uh today is questioning so fucking magnificent, man. Oh, sure. I just hope I do a suggestion
Excuse me. Did what I'm saying tone bone 145 wants to know how do you talk to a woman?
How do you talk to a woman?
You understand that you want to pimp on
Say man, uh, look
It ain't no right way. You did what I'm saying. It ain't no right way. What the hell do I do is a whole bunch of wrong ways
You left me your email dude. Look, I'ma get at you more indefinitely
He is wearing a jinko jean shirt and I want one
He looks so fly
Maybe this is how you pimp on them is with this look
I'm email with communicate my fucking round exchange numbers, man, because I really really
Read that passage that you sent me and I feel like you kept it real and it came from your heart
So wait, are they picking each other up?
Is this just like a singles wanted video between two
Imping man
Man, I'm gonna do my part bless you with the game that I was blessed with and hey man
What you take from it is what you take from it, but now I see your question
And to make it as brief as I can I'ma say it like this right here, man. It ain't no and ain't no right thing to say
But I can tell you what works for me. You did what I'm saying
I can tell you what worked for me when I was doing my thing first of all
the main thing
The main thing that I'ma I'ma say to you my brother is
Have confidence you do I'm saying be confident in yourself
Be confident in yourself that you can talk to any woman anytime
We'll check out tone bone one four five after this video what so far the advice is be confident
I got it about anything you did what I'm saying now with that in mind
Uh, the second most important thing is the way I do my thing is I understand that not all women can be pimped on
You did what I'm saying. Oh, not even all holes can be pimped on
I can't tell you this right here and it might make it fly a little bit easy
You did what I'm saying the notions of a pimp
You did me the notions of a pimp can only be conceived in the mind of a hoe
So if a bitch is already want to be a whore if she's already a hoe or if she's got any kind of contemplation on
Curiosity on what really go on in the world pimmin horn
Then that's the motherfucker that you really want to be talking to
He's saying what a pimp is can only be conceived in the mind of a hoe
And so you need a hoe with that active mind
Who's prepared to be pimped on
That adds up
Moving right along
another tip is
Besides having confidence in yourself have confidence in your game man. Don't just introduce yourself
You did what I'm saying present yourself a woman got to know
that
You know, you got to present you got to present yourself as a package
You did what I'm saying. She got to know that
You are somebody she needs to be talking to she got to know that what you're saying is something that she needs to be listening to
She got to know that and feel that if she know that and feel that man
If you can keep her attention and let her know that you are entity a substance to be dealt with
You're on a good track. You did what I'm saying
Uh, let her know you have substance. So so far
Be confident
That's one
Don't pimp on anybody pimp on a hoe with an active mind who already has preconceived the notion of a pimp
And
Then kind of like be confident again
But I guess in how you present
Your nature of pimping, okay
You did what I'm saying in a in the way you introduce yourself if your name
I don't know where tone but I don't come from but I'm just throwing this out there if your name is uh,
Terry, you know I'm saying don't introduce yourself as
My name is Terry, but my friends call me tone bone. Now you introduce yourself as tone bone
You let her know right off the bat who you are. This is who I am. It's this is who you recognize me as
This is who you address me as from now
To your life in you did. I'm totally under the light. I'm saying, um
Hey man, that that's
Them some some some get started pointers. You probably already knew that you did what I'm saying
But in case you didn't them them just some
Toners and you know you got to present yourself man. You got to feel good
You got to look good. You ain't necessarily got to be sharp and dressed up. I mean looking me to date
You know I'm saying I'm doing some pop or a bomb with some jogging pins and some you know I'm saying case with tennis shoes
Oh, the case with shoe if I run out there and run into a bitch right now
In my mind
I got on a motherfucking me $3,000 suit with some
$2,000 gators. You did what I'm saying in the lead that's out of this world. You know I'm saying so when I
present myself to this broad
Hey, man, if she don't know you for having bread
She ain't gonna understand why she why she need to give you bread. So I think I done
Talked a little bit longer. I want to talk to look man
I really really appreciate that course and and I'm gonna be getting with you on your email
In a few days, so be patient my brother and I'm gonna fuck with you
You're gonna give me a whole email. Hey man. She may miss a dime and signing out
We'll fuck with you out of my word right here on ask a pimp holla
That was a lot to absorb
I think I need a bulletless
Got confidence
Don't pimp on the wrong hole
She's already have preconceived the notion of a pimp in her home mind
Spit your game with confidence, but I guess also have a game
Wear expensive stuff
Have be rich
Have to work on that one
Because if you're not rich, why would
There's just a parlance. We're speaking. Why would a bitch give you money?
Yeah, hey, take it easy son. I'm sorry. I was trying to learn how to pimp on a woman
You're misunderstanding
the
Poor aspects of what he's saying
He's not saying you need to adopt his parlance or be something that you're not you've got to be yourself
Jeb you got to be confident
If you want to attract a woman
Who's subservient to you subservient?
Can you do that in the wood? I would prefer not to use the dark arts of seduction to control a woman's mind Jeb
I prefer to meet people on an equal footing
Be they male or female
Wow, that's
kind of enlightened
In a really basic ash way what sorry. I mean that's great dad. Huh. I'm naturally pimpish
You you're claiming that you know how to pimp dad. I'm just saying on a spiritual level
It's an energy more than a
list of rules
Yeah, what is equal footing for a piece of wood?
She'd probably need to also be in some kind of construction material
trapped in it
And then you could just kind of set us up facing each other and we could
Howl at each other from our spectral plane
Miserate over the misery of unending nothingness. Oh my god. I'm in wood
Yeah, you just were talking about that I was and it's fine. Oh, okay
Are there any holes in the wood? No, I kept the wood really in great shape
It's just a very solid and well-carved block. Huh, that's fine. It's what you're doing good. Oh, okay
I don't think he has gotten bunch
You could put them between two buns and make a wood witch
I'll never pimp
Not with that attitude
There's no hose for me to even bitch on what am I getting my words confused?
I bitch on a hoe. No, you
Sound like a bad
Grandma in a movie from the early 2000s. Stop it
What if I bitch on a hoe?
Are you gonna say get jiggy with it next? No, I just I'm trying to figure it out daddy
Just be yourself. Jeb. I am it's not working
I scare people away because of my obsessions
I give away too many scented candles and people are like, I don't know you that well
Wait, you're I'm actually working right now
You bought this at the store. I'm working in and now you're bringing it to me in a bag. What are you doing?
What what what did you do nothing?
Let the dogs out. I'll try that
Okay, let's watch one more
This will actually catch us up. How to get rid of chapped lips fast
Well, there's one food one say
See this looks like a lovely woman. I wouldn't want to call her a bitch. You don't need to call any woman a bitch
Even if they're a hoe
Don't call no hoe. No bitch. Don't talk like that Jeb. It's disingenuous to who you are
Yeah, I guess so
Okay, well, this is a lovely woman. I wish I knew how to talk to a lady like this. Let's see
Hey Simmons your makeup expert at glamis.com
Most of us if not all of us are prone to chapped lips and that really looks unattractive beneath the lipstick
So here's a quick and easy trip in which I'm going to show you how you can slow that dead skin away
So all of us have this problem. We do tend to have chapped lips
I'm going to show you how you can really do away with that and all you really need is lip balm or Vaseline
something that you would always have and a toothbrush which has soft or medium bristles
So nothing that'll hurt you great time to do this would be just after you brush your teeth because you're almost
Somewhere close to getting dressed and leaving your house or about 20 minutes before you get your makeup on
So your circulation comes back to normal on the lips. So I have some lip balm on
I'm going to take a clean toothbrush one that you can save just for this purpose
And all you have to do is slow away. Be careful not to use very strong hard motions
It is really soft
Does this work?
Brush your lips and as you can see you can see a bit of the skin
Peeling off. That's the dead skin
This is just shorting her skin her lip skin. It's a great way of getting previous color off as well as you can see
So my lips have been stained
Once you've done with that, the toothbrushes are too expensive. They're like free of pop
And buy four but make sure that you have the right kind of bristles so soft or medium
First to begin with and don't apply pressure on your lips. You simply want to pick up the power sander
I don't know if I have a spare toothbrush
I mean, obviously I'm curious
Obviously, I'm really curious
Is it worth me
burning a travel toothbrush
on scrubbing my lips?
I don't think you have to
throw away the toothbrush
Well, I'm scrubbing my filthy lips
I mean the toothbrush goes in your mouth, Jeb
What are the local bodega?
I would keep a toothbrush for cleaning my toilet. Should I use that? No
What?
Obviously not
Oh, actually a slight change of pace. I forgot that we were going to look up who tone bone 123 or whatever is
Let's see what tone bones up to
tone bone
Here he is. It's tone bone. How come he's cleaning up and I'm not
It's like a teenage boy. Is that the same tone bone?
I mean his name is literally tone bone 145
I think it's him
Let's see what else he's got for us
Oh boy, he's really obsessed with his girlfriend. Is all this girlfriend content?
Oh, he's hitting the gym
He's chugging the orange juice. Oh, he's got a nice car
He's got friends. I can't catch up to this
He's got a dog. He's always in his own world. He's really quiet for real. Let's see, no
I feel like I'm just stalking a teenage boy because he's sort of ah right now and maybe
Maybe stop stop looking at this teenage boys tiktok
Yeah, I think anytime you say I've been looking at this teenage boys tiktok
It's a decent time to stop
Wisdom from beyond the grave from my dear daddy. That's why I'm here, son
Hmm
Let's watch one more. What?
I'm just curious. I want to see him talk. What do you want to tell joe biven right now?
What's up, baby? Take me out the day. Hey, yo, what do you want to tell joe biven right now?
I can't compete with that level of ridge
There's no competition son. He's a teenage boy. Oh, yeah, okay. Well
We learned a lot today. Hey Kendall. You have any advice on how I can pimp on a woman?
Kendall doesn't feel good. So maybe it's not the time to ask her. Yeah, I might never be the time to ask her that
Okay, well, let's get it back to case so he can get out of here for the day
It was really great to learn with all of you
Uh, even if I didn't learn everything I wanted to
It's a process you'll learn more as you go
And I hope I go a lot more places with all of you because you're never too old to learn a new trick. Hi everybody
Okay, we're gonna get out of here for the day
Let's see who's on oh, I think Kendall might be sick for real
Let's raid cass
End of his stream here
Thanks for hanging out today everybody
Patreon is very soon. Yes
That is true
Yeah, I'm cast him as elden ringing his ass off. Oh, he's playing the base game. Okay
Chicken soup and gatorade. Yeah, I'll try at least one of those
Uh, I think I'll be back on tomorrow
Maybe we'll elden ring again tomorrow
Now that they've apparently they patched it. They made it slightly easier
Because the the shadoo tree skadoo us fragments are stronger
Exciting stuff. What a time
Okay, uh have fun with cass. I'll see patreon people around six and uh, see everybody else tomorrow
I think for some more news things. Oh, we might do the debate stream tomorrow
Not the debate. I might do a presidential debate stream
I gotta look up what time it is and if it's
How legal it is to watch the stream on stream
I don't know if someone has like rights to it or what the deal is
Um, but we could always do a watch along I guess too. Okay. Have a great night everybody. Bye. Bye