Mr. Grunge, you're as horned up as a rhino, you're as hard as mining coal, Mr. Grunge.
Banana, you're still horny.
Mr. Grunge, it's honestly inappropriate.
Your brain is full of spiders, except spiders turn you on, Mr. Grunge.
Thirty-nine and a half foot poles also turn you on.
Why are you still horny, Mr. Grunge?
This is barely a Christmas thing.
If your whole thing is your horny, do you even hate Christmas, Mr. Grunge?
Given the choice between you and the Grinch, the Grinch is less horny.
Now, I guess it goes without saying, you're, I mean, he's sort of horny, but I'm honestly not okay.
I'm not really sure what point we're trying to make at this point.
Basically, you're the, I'm saying you're the Grinch, but you're horny.
Okay, anyway.
You're a foul one, Mr. Grunge.
That one still applies.
Your horn is full of unwashed socks, and those socks are full of gunk, Mr. Grunge.
The three words that best describe you as follows, and I quote, are horny.
Horny, and then horny again. It's horny three times in a row.
We really get it.
Mr. Grunge, your thing is that you're horny.
And I'd like to stop singing about how horny you are that I can't.
I just realized that singing about you being horny is also making me horny, and now I'm a horny singer.
Oopsie.
You want me over?
Mr. Grunge.
So please tell us who fucks.
You're the Grinch to accept you're horny, and that's this whole stream gimmick, Mr. Grunge.
Also, your makeup will be fully over the counter and not at all.
Oh, I'm horny.
You are horny.
Mr. Grunge.
You really like to fuck.
You're as horned up as a rhino.
You're as hard as mining coal, Mr. Grunge.
You're a lubed banana in a greasy red hole.
You're still horny, Mr. Grunge.
It's honestly inappropriate.
Your brain is full of spiders, except spiders turn you on, Mr. Grunge.
Thirty-nine and a half foot poles also turn you on.
Why are you still horny, Mr. Grunge?
This is barely a Christmas thing.
If your whole thing is your horny, do you even hate Christmas, Mr. Grunge?
Given the choice between you and the Grinch, the Grinch is less horny.
Now, I guess it goes without saying you're...
I mean, he's sworn horny, but I'm honestly not okay, but I'm not really sure what point we're trying to make at this point.
Basically, you're the... I'm saying you're the Grinch, but you're horny.
Okay, anyway.
You're a foul one, Mr. Grunge.
That one still applies.
Your horn is full of unwashed socks, and those socks are full of gunk, Mr. Grunge.
The three words that best describe you as follows, and I quote, are horny.
Horny, and then horny again. It's horny three times in a row.
We really get it, Mr. Grunge.
Your thing is that you're horny, and I'd like to stop singing about how horny you are, but I can't.
I just realized that singing about you being horny is also making me horny,
and now I'm a horny singer.
Oopsie!
You want me over, Mr. Grunge.
So please tell us who fucks.
You're the Grinch except you're horny, and that's this whole stream gimmick, Mr. Grunge.
Also, your makeup will be fully over the counter, and not at all...
Oh! Oh!
Leave me!
I'm horny.
Muted. I'm the Grunch.
I'm back at it for another year.
You thought you could get away with me? You can't escape this song?
I can play this song forever.
This one doesn't have lyrics, though, so I can just sort of go off the dome if I want.
I don't want to right now, though. I'm just warming up for the night.
How's everybody doing?
Good to see you, Sobrecci.
AVCP, what's up?
Oh, sorry, I forgot the camera was there.
Hitting the red.
Yeah, I'm real loud.
That's not gonna change.
I'm loud.
I'm sort of green, and I'm mostly here.
Hello! Good to see you, Daedalus.
You want to say hi?
I have the Grunch dog.
You don't want to show them the Grunch dog?
I gotta give my Grunch dog ten minutes.
I don't call the shots.
The dog calls the shots.
It's one of my many Grunch kinks.
If you miss the memo of my song,
the basic just says I'm the Grunch.
I'm the Grinch, but I'm horny.
I don't hide that.
I would steal the IP more brazenly if I could.
I can't.
Is Pipito the Grunch dog?
No.
I got a different dog.
I'm sorry that there's more than one dog.
I have...
This is gonna sound fucked up.
I got a hot dog.
And I ain't talking the food.
Woo!
The song tipped you off.
That is its point.
The point of the song is
that it sort of explains my deal
and my deal is
I'm like bricked essentially.
24-7
or
you know,
that's water slide.
Moist.
Whatever horny words you want,
that's me.
I would argue I'm a cosmic entity
designed
to promote hedonism.
The real spirit of the holidays in my opinion,
unlike a lot of Grinches,
Grunches donate Christmas.
We just don't like it when it's not horny enough.
And that's why every year
I make the fucks list.
A beautiful list
of who fucks
and who doesn't.
And just to show you how it works,
let me scroll up my fucks list.
Oh shoot, I gotta add a little text
that says fucks and doesn't fuck.
Or how is it gonna be clear
what's happening? One second.
There we go.
Okay.
Fucks.
Fucks.
Let's make that color red.
Yeah, that's good.
If they fucks, they go here.
This is beautiful.
This looks really good.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I like this.
I like this.
Okay, ah!
Don't make noises at me.
All right, that's fucks.
Also, when people fuck,
I can do that.
I'll show you later.
Case, what did you do to your skin?
I don't know.
It's on the edge of acceptable.
It's still green.
I swear.
I'm the grunge.
This is just my natural green skin tone.
It's green.
I swear to God, it's green.
Maybe I need to adjust some settings
to make it more green.
Yeah, clearly not me.
It's a different...
I'm a different thing.
Okay, now we need doesn't fuck.
This is important.
Let's play that song again.
Doesn't...
Fuck.
Okay.
And we'll make that color a putrid gray.
Or just a taupe.
Yeah, a doesn't fuck is more of a taupe vibe.
Okay.
And that's got to be a little guy.
Doesn't fuck.
All right, now I'll show you how this works.
Now that I'm expertly set up.
Who told you this was green?
My mirror?
I'll be totally legit with you.
If it's too green, I disappear.
It's an unfair Christmas curse
that if I go fully green,
I vanish into the mists.
I would argue this color is too inhuman to be offensive.
At least that's what I'm hoping.
My hands.
Oh God, they're facing out of existence.
That's what I told you.
They're too green.
They go away.
Are you telling me there's not a green snap?
No, there is.
However, I'm a sucker for tradition.
And last year, this is how I appeared.
I could have just adjusted the hue.
I could have used a filter.
But I thought in my little brain,
that's a cop-out.
You painted yourself last year.
You got no choice.
But to do it the bad way again.
Anyway, let's show you how this works.
So people in this world fuck.
Some people fuck and some people don't.
I judge them by the year, basically.
This is like a normal teenager.
Oh, my sources are telling me this is Fiona Nova.
I am cosmic so I can, it just takes me a minute.
I know who everyone is.
So the question is, does Fiona Nova fuck?
Or does she not?
You can say a lot of things about Fiona Nova.
But we got to admit that she fucks.
She's in the, she definitely fucks.
She goes into the fucks part of the fucks list.
All right.
How about a counter example?
Let's find maybe somebody who doesn't fuck.
It's tricky because you'd be surprised.
A lot of people, a lot of people fuck.
Hmm.
Okay, this one's going to be controversial.
But we'll do it anyway.
I need another, I'm going to switch to other Christmas music soon.
McHorsler.
Maybe you're saying, who's that?
That's totally fair to not know who this is.
But again, I'm a cosmic entity.
I know even the most obscure of references.
And if I don't, I'll make it up.
Does the McHorsler fuck?
No, surprisingly.
I know, it's just not in a traditional sense.
He is horny, but he doesn't express it sexually.
He expresses it sort of just by existing in the corner.
We could broaden our definition of fucking to include that,
but I've got to be a little stringent
or everyone will be on the fucks list.
Did it have, it doesn't.
Again, it's, he cucks exactly.
He's smooth like a Ken doll.
He's done, doesn't get sexual in a traditional sense.
By McHorsler's terms, he fucks, but by the terms of this list,
he doesn't, also he might be a murderer,
which doesn't necessarily discount you,
but I'm going to decide for him it does.
He's like Bojack, but less, less likable.
Certainly less famous.
Anyway, that's how the fucks list works.
Wow, that is an intense, my cosmic powers are very intense
and sometimes I forget it.
Let me get some Christmas tunes going.
DRM, copyright free, Christmas instrumentals.
Those, that's the sweet, seductive sounds
that grunches make love to.
Or as I call it, fucking copyright free Christmas music.
Where is Munch on that list?
I bet he'll make an appearance
and also if we hit a goal, he says he's going to come on
and sing Christmas songs.
Copyright free Christmas music, okay, okay, okay.
Let's see.
Yeah, this will work.
No, that's not long enough.
I want a long mix.
Oh, it's me, the Christmas demon,
here to bathe you in my roi-
What the fuck?
That's not what we want.
Well, maybe it is.
Okay, there we go.
No, I want classic Christmas.
Christmas.
These all suck ass, god damn it.
All right, this is fine.
This'll do.
Okay, let's see what else I,
see if I have any other things I can do.
Oh, I forgot to set a bunch of shit up.
Well, we'll just not worry about it, I guess.
We'll get to it later.
I also want to check in on Whoville at some point,
but I kind of forgot to put it on my little,
on my little mix of superpowers.
Does Krampus fuck?
Well, he might be, oh, Krampus?
Or Krampus? Krampus.
There's two different ones,
and both of them potentially do,
but I've got to get to their pictures first.
We've got to do the official reveals.
Let's run through a couple.
Also, apparently a guy named
Leonard Crumb has to come on at some point
and recite his poem,
The Night Before Crumsmas.
He calls it free verse slam Christmas poetry.
I, you know, whatever.
I don't, I'm not like too excited about that.
I'll be real with you.
I like this to be my stream,
and he has inserted himself into my business.
That's fine though.
Let's see who else is on this list so far.
It's an insanely long list,
which is what I like.
And we're going to have to try to get through
as much of it as we can.
So let's just fucking get into it.
What are you saying?
The doody-doo-doo-dee
feeling like a Christmas fucks list.
It's time to show all of the men and women who fucks.
All right, I like this one.
This is a strong contender for the fucks list.
You might be able to,
why don't this go on here?
Come on, fucks list.
Work with me here.
No, don't fuck with me, fucks list.
I need to know who fucks and who doesn't.
Oh, shoot.
Oh, I see what's happening.
Okay, there we go.
Boom!
Look at this beauty.
Crumb just desperately wants to be a citizen of Hogsville
for a bit.
I believe it.
Kind of pathetic, honestly.
I do have,
I have Hogsville ready to go to.
I just have to,
I have to make some adjustments
because I forgot to do a few things.
Does Birdo fuck?
I mean, let's be real.
Look at that mouth.
Unlike McHorseler filled with genitals all over their body.
Huge one right in the face.
They absolutely fuck.
You could argue they're a bird machine design for fucking.
They, they've laid everyone on the track.
They've laid some, they've laid some asphalt
and then they've laid the rest of the fucking field.
150 cc's.
More like, check out those double d's.
Actually no breast to speak of,
but a huge mouth is my point.
Gendered since day one.
I'm not sure what the gender is actually.
And I would like to clarify that
I have, I can morph my genitals to be whatever we'd like.
I present myself as a scummy mid 30 year old
just sort of gross man
because that's another one of my kinks.
If I look too sexy,
it makes everybody else nervous.
So I just to present myself as an incredibly average
dude.
That's a choice is what I'm saying.
Who else is on this fuck's list?
Oh my gosh.
It's pit ball.
Dang.
He fucks, but does he fucking a way that I like?
I guess it doesn't matter.
He does.
I can't deny that he fucks.
He's, he's in a Miami club right now
prepping himself for a hot leg.
You know, he's running through him.
Mr. 619.
Take one letter out.
Wait, not Mr.
Worldwide.
Mr. 619 is Ray Mysterio.
He's got a 305.
What is it?
What's his area code?
I claim to know all.
I claim to be sort of omnipotent,
but my knowledge sort of stops after
how sloppily they fuck.
This guy doesn't fuck as sloppily as you think.
More of a just sort of a wild humper.
He's going for numbers over quality.
Not quality of people.
Quality of how he fucks.
He's sort of the fast food of fucking.
You can make a pit stop.
He'll fuck you quick.
It won't be great,
but you'll, you will have fucked.
How is it that I've been waiting for this
and checking Twitch over and over
and I still missed the first 20 minutes?
Well, what did you miss?
I can run it back down for you real quick, Shaka.
I'm the grunch.
I'm the Grinch, but I fuck
and the fuck's list only has a few people on it so far.
So don't even stress.
As you can see, Fiona fucks,
Birdo fucks, Mr. Worldwide even fucks.
Shockingly, McHorseler,
a sexualist entity purely exists to cock.
And that's a choice.
We accept all comers.
The fuck, the doesn't fuck list
is a mix of both negative and choice.
Some people don't fuck just because they suck.
Other people don't fuck
because they cock or various other reasons.
All right, let's see who this is.
Um...
Is this Taylor Swift, boyfriend?
People are gonna get mad at me for not knowing this.
Travis Kelsey, there we go.
Travis Kelsey.
He used to fuck.
This year, Taylor told him he wasn't allowed
until he submitted himself to her will.
He 99% has, but until he hits that last 1%,
he's not allowed to fuck.
His queen won't allow it.
He's in the doghouse until he submits fully.
He bends the knee.
He bows so hard that he blasts his head through the floor.
But next year, you know,
if he submits fully to the process
of being Miss Swift's sweet little man-servant,
but she's almost there,
he needs to drop his podcast,
fully sublimate himself to her will.
Then he'll be allowed just a taste of fuck from her.
But last year, I guarantee it,
once he's allowed to fuck, he'll fuck hard.
He'll fuck in the page.
He'll fuck all the way down the field.
He'll still be dropping those touchdowns.
He'll be scoring nine.
I don't get sports nine points.
He'll get nearly got no TDs.
When I wake up in the morning,
case will be canceled.
Well, not me though.
Fortunately, I'm the grunge and I can't be blamed.
I'm just a man in arguably with an arguably green look
who likes to run down who fucked this year and who didn't.
And I'm just saying until he submits himself fully to the will
of miss of beautiful miss swift.
He's not allowed to fuck.
This will be the stream.
That's a popular click on LSF for sure.
I can't control how I'm received.
I'm a being of pure sexual toxicity.
Okay, let's see.
I love this music.
It's the season, folks.
This is by the way,
this is the only music I play when I make love Christmas tunes
all year long for me down here in Fuckville.
You didn't miss too much fucking.
You've barely we've barely yet begun to fuck.
All right, what the hell is this?
What the hell is this thing that I'm looking at right now?
Does this creature fuck?
Does diamond does?
Does gimp suit toad fuck?
I mean, it looks like they're designed for fucking.
But I'm going to run into a similar issue this year
where everybody fucks,
but isn't that that isn't that the true spirit of the season?
Everybody fucks.
Oh, heck, who am I kidding?
My little grunts miss hearts growing three sizes.
I'm putting Travis Kelsey in the fucks list.
I'm pretty sure Taylor let him get it at least once or twice
when he was a real good boy.
I'm going to put him on the fucks list.
Just because I love Chris, I love Christmas.
Christmas time here.
Time for a Fox and cheer.
I also, you know,
I'm on, I'm on Kelsey's side.
I think it's good that he's finally famous.
He wasn't famous before.
You know, and if you think he was, you're wrong.
He became famous this year.
And I think that has earned him a spot on the fucks list.
If he breaks up with her,
she'll write a sports anthem using every game.
It would be incredible if she rewrote the da da da da da da.
She just makes a song to that
and that's what the NFL officially licenses.
That'll be his ultimate comeuppance.
If he, if he dares, if he dares besmirch the queen,
Taylor Swift.
All right, we're making progress.
I can't do everyone on the fucks list.
That's, that's in this mega thread.
I'm going to selectively be plucking fucks to throw on my list.
Just know he, in my mind, I've shorted everyone.
This is drip Goku.
I've never heard of him before, of home before.
Home is where the heart is.
And home is where the, where the fucks are.
You say no, actually.
Does Goku fuck?
Does baseline Goku fuck?
He seems more obsessed with power and becoming the ultimate warrior.
Verse fucking.
Those are under the spoons.
Hey.
Gringo pup, the fucks miss dog?
Do you think Goku fucks?
No, the other one, the spoons.
Yeah.
I, I'm being asked where I keep my recipes.
The answer is under the spoons.
Black Santa, no, I'm green Santa.
This is green.
Come on, you gotta, you gotta love with me here.
No human that is alive has this skin tone.
This is at least a little green.
Okay, it's these sunglasses are actually making it look a little better
than it does.
That's a little worrisome.
I'll level with you.
That's a little worrisome.
Maybe I can turn up my green a little bit.
Give me just a second.
Jesus, that's crazy.
There's like an extra menu of colors.
How'd you get there?
Um, I'm, I, these are, you could add colors.
Great gray.
It's gray.
Okay.
Well, gray is better than the other thing.
No, but still is that right?
Okay.
What the hell?
I know it's gotta be a color.
You don't know what you're doing either.
Oh my God.
It's literally picking everything.
But well, you didn't let me pick a color.
You're not letting me do the thing.
Okay.
Well, wait, check it out.
This will save it.
It's time to save Grinchmas.
Oh, fuck.
That makes me so light that I know I can't take the pain off.
Maybe I go hard in the paint.
Just take it off.
Well, it's too late for that.
I think it's blue though.
Can you control for?
Oh, what's going to fucking see that?
Oh, it's so hard to be a grunge son, Grunchmas.
This is your reputation.
It's last Christmas.
What the fuck did I tune into?
Me trying to make myself more green.
Um, let's see.
Maybe there's another way.
Let's try one of them.
Okay.
Go get the paint.
I guess I do need to fix this.
I certainly don't want to be doing the other thing.
Um, yeah, yeah, yeah, go for it.
Look at that.
That's crazy.
Unfortunately, yes, that is will make me disappear.
What the heck?
I mean, nothing.
It's rid of your nose.
Yeah, you're making my nose disappear.
Wait, wait, wait.
I'll fix it somehow.
My little Christmas spirit will grow three sizes.
Um,
boom, a key, sharpen, scroll to do user defined shader.
No.
Well, saturation won't work unless you can take the actual
color of what's on its face.
The thing is, he's technically he's blue right now.
Okay, I have one idea.
I have one Christmas idea for myself.
Um, I think I can.
It is visible.
Previews.
And how do I take a screen grab?
Kind of sworn there was a way to do that.
This is exactly what everybody wanted.
This grunge miss.
You look like super camo.
Like you're about to get into like the fucking forest.
Is there a way to take a screen grab?
I don't know.
No, yes.
Oh, well, um, you can do the old fashioned way.
I can use the snipping tool.
One second, everybody.
It's time to make myself green.
Okay.
You'll save as green test.
Okay.
Give me a second.
Um, photo show.
Oh, it's already open.
Do, do, do, do, do, do.
Sorry, everybody.
Sometimes you start grunge missing.
You realize you're dangerously close to permanently
doing something you'd regret.
And then crazy.
The screen grab looks right now.
The fact that you're this and I'm like, hello, yellow.
It doesn't look good.
You're right.
I'll turn it back to normal.
Oh, can I even do that?
Turn it down.
Okay.
Now I'm more gray again.
Oh, shoot.
That's me.
That's just how I have to do the screen grab.
One shag at everybody.
Oh, that's the wrong thing point.
Now I feel color.
Well, you're used to the brighter color.
I'm looking at this one.
Um, looking at what?
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
There's that.
Check this out.
It's going to be an easy fix.
Everything is fine.
Okay.
Adjustments, curves, green.
Grab this.
Oh, my God.
Oh, no.
Boy.
This makes me so weird looking.
Oh, boy.
Grabbing every gray on the screen.
I'm just too dark.
Oh, boy.
Maybe there isn't a way to do this.
Well, that's better than nothing.
I'm going to try this.
That is also...
I don't know, baby.
All right, fine.
Maybe I just switch to snap camera.
We go over the different grids.
Look this to this season.
Yeah.
I don't know why it's not doing just that though.
It should.
Doing just what?
This blue thing.
I don't know.
I guess I'm not blue enough.
I'm too gray.
This does look really bad actually.
Yeah, it does.
Now that I've turned this other filter off,
it looks even worse.
Yeah.
It looked better brighter.
Did it?
That?
Well, maybe it at least had more color to it.
But now I'm just so...
No, that's worse.
No, that's the worst.
Okay.
You could have just went straight blue.
Well, let's try this.
Description card.
You green.
I like step out of it.
Yeah, escape while you can.
Oh my God.
Well, this is green at least.
What if I turn it down?
That's closer.
No, it's not.
Oh, I'm disappearing again.
If you're going to do this, I like to take it off.
Well, this is pretty green, right?
Okay.
But if it turns off, you know what I mean?
Turns what off?
This suddenly or something.
Why would this turn off suddenly?
I don't know.
I think now it's fine.
This is very green.
I'm as green as I could possibly be
in this troubling context.
You're now also green though.
Check it out.
You don't want to see?
Monster dog.
I'm just going to stick with this.
Okay.
What?
Is this not green enough?
No, I think it's fine.
Okay.
We're going back out there.
Um, this out of context?
Yeah, because sometimes you can tell you're painted.
I think it's fine to be painted green.
I just didn't manage to become very green.
Anyway, let's see if this is working.
Okay.
We're back.
I'm as green.
I'm green now.
Totally green.
Nobody delete the VOD of the first part of the stream.
What did you say?
Nobody delete it?
No, I said delete it.
How can you delete the first part?
You can.
I'm kidding.
You can't.
It's hopeless for me.
Don't delete it.
All right.
Cool.
What do you see?
Oh my God.
I can't see at all when I put these on.
Oh yeah.
That's why I have these other glasses.
I'm already doomed.
Well, look.
Apologies to everyone.
I'm supposed to be green.
Kind of goes into a hole if she keeps asking questions, huh?
Grunt's Elvis.
This seems, I don't know, finds the right word.
But this is definitely something at least.
Oh, you don't have to apply this.
I'll get there, I guess.
I got to save crumb from this troubling Christmas disaster as well at some point.
Well, he's just doesn't have this filter on him.
So he'll be a different color.
It's funny.
In these sunglasses, it actually looks kind of green on that screen.
But when I take them off, it looks a lot less green.
You can be green TNGT.
Anyway, now it's a safe grunge miss for everyone.
We've had to wind it back to me just applying a filter to my face, which is probably what
I should have done in the first place.
You live in your learn or it's over.
It's fucking over for a case and he's done.
It's officially an art project.
What's up?
I will eat on Cam.
Eat on Cam.
All right, let's get back to the important business of the day.
We're going to do a couple more fucks then we'll cut.
We'll check in with crumb.
I'm sure this counts as art.
You know, it's a very flexible definition for art that you've got to flex it to
the max for this.
What were we trying to sort out?
Oh, if Goku fucks.
Now that we've shaved ourself from doing something in incredibly poor taste,
let's decide if Goku fucks.
If you cycle colors, it would be a fucking war hall.
There I am kind of.
I'm sort of a war hall character now.
I do at least look more like a magical entity, an extremely green entity.
Okay, Goku likes to fight, but he did produce children, but will he fuck
intentionally debatable?
But drip Goku.
Let's be real.
I guess get the sense.
It's like an alternate dimension Goku where fucking is way more of a
priority.
I'm going to shave fucks.
So far, the only person on the doesn't fucks list.
Unfortunately, McHorsler.
Controversial pick, but I'm going to stand by that one.
I don't believe that horse fucks.
This is the absence fairy from Euro trip.
No, I'm the grunge and I'm not case.
I'm the grunge.
It's grunge miss everyone.
Don't forget that all of this is in service somehow of Christmas.
It's a Christmas miracle.
All right, let's keep going.
Let's keep doing this important activity of shorting the fucks list
for the year.
Okay, let me clean up my little palette here.
I forgot how cumbersome this process is.
Right.
Liliana Brething Schmidt.
Only known to people who watched this stream.
Does she fuck?
I think that's sort of a big part of her gimmick is yes.
I hate to just say that everybody fucks, but so far.
It's a lot of people whose brand is just sort of, you know,
I have sex.
It's almost like people fucking is 95% of what this stream
talks about.
You were wrong.
She just edges.
Okay, that's worth considering.
Does she fucking a traditional sense?
Does it have to be a traditional sense?
Should I hold her to the same standard as McCorschler?
Because I'm pretty sure she just sort of mentally dominates
old men with ties to the state department or fortunes.
Sort of an agent provocateur for the elderly and mentally
insane.
Yeah, I'm going to say only mental domination.
All right.
It's going to probably upset some people, but look,
I'm open to suggestions and I'm going to say doesn't fuck.
We'll see.
She's going to get whatever the grunts version of coal
is in her stocking, an empty bottle of lube for her
in the stocking this year.
Also, she had some weird things to say about Henry
Kissinger, which puts her sort of spiritually
on the doesn't fuck list for me.
Not even caring if she comes classic.
That's a controversial take.
Well, look, Travis has my back.
I am easily influenced.
I'll level with you.
I mean, I'm supposed to be the final say here.
I'll pretty much just blow whichever way the wind does,
you know, same for Santa Claus.
Some really rotten people.
He's put on the nice list just because at the last minute,
someone's like, hey, my cousin's actually chill.
He's like, oh, I thought they killed a few people.
They're like, no, they're chill.
Brings them all the toys they want.
Agile ocean.
Oh, I don't have that.
Cute up.
What the hell is this?
All right.
This is.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
I didn't think about this year of that.
I think with this body and this lion head,
I think you're going to have to say they fuck.
I mean, tell me you wouldn't.
I get it.
They've got a giant lionhead, but look at that bad.
And there's some people the giant lion had, you know,
is the main event itself?
Boy, the doesn't fuck list incredibly short this year.
Just like last year.
He, Harry, fuck gig gone all is the alpha of existence.
Are we gonna deny that Superman has a rocking bod? You combine those two things? You think they don't fuck? Of course
Of course they do
Alright
Real quick. Oh, yeah, I forgot I can do this
That's when someone doesn't fuck and this is when someone does fuck
So for this one for this one we're gonna say
Fuck yeah feels good. I want to check in with who will
Let's go
I just want to overlook who will those who's done at who will that don't fuck
They think Christmas is about family and gifts not about sloppy orgies
They've pissed me off. They don't understand the meaning of fucks miss. Let's go look at them with my magic ice powers
I will transport myself
out there
I forgot that those things are on a hair trigger look at all those
I'm gonna actually it's it's um, they're called goose
If they fuck but these are who's they don't fuck all of these who's
Down in not fucksville
It enrages me it enrages me that they don't understand the real meaning of fucks miss
Or just down there and not wait a minute wait one second
Are they having a fucking wild are they having a wild-ass party down there?
Excuse me
Sorry, I'm listening. They're having a fucking huge. They're having a fucking huge rager
And I'm hearing some noises that I'm
Did I not get invited to a fucking who orgy who who do they think I am?
God damn it this is it's my it's my holiday they get December 25th
I get some date before it whenever case is free
This sucks this straight-up sucks a
Horgy I
Didn't get invited to the fucking Horgy
Damn, maybe I've been looking at Christmas all wrong
Arkangel, thanks for the follow
You know I thought
Fucks miss was all about telling people who fucks and who doesn't I told all the who's they didn't fuck
Now they're fucking without me that sucks
That sucks and we I have got a lot to chew on this stream
But you know what they're not gonna dissuade me
I have literally one purpose in life and that's to make the fucks list if they're gonna
If they're gonna not include me in their little party, I'm not gonna let that get to me upset
I'm not gonna let that get you get me upset
I'll put all the who's I don't care if they're fucking I'll put them on the don't fucks list
They'll get an empty bottle of lube in there
We'll just call it a stocking
Well, I said it was an empty bottle of lube Travis, but they could get that instead
But you know that's a kink that they'll have to decide on on their own
All right, let's continue
Let's continue our classic duty
Yes, I've been told that I cooked with a beef when I wasn't supposed to
That's what can that's what my my grunge missed dog just told me. Oh
Look, uh
Just cuz you don't get invited every word you doesn't mean you can let it get you down
You'd never stop believing in yourself and doing what brought you to the dance in the first place
And that's constructing a list of who fucks and who doesn't look at these boys
There's shirtless boys and greens and gray sweatpants. I've been told this is a trend and
And I disagree I think that these gentlemen are confused. I think they don't understand what fucking really is I
Don't think they understand the spirit of fucks miss and that's why
Actually and they're getting ten points off because you can't you can sort of see their bulges
But not enough and you can't see this guy's bulge at all
And that just doesn't fuck to me
Also, they should have put the dog and little sweatpants too if they really wanted to complete the look
They might be in shape, but it's not all about that. It's about understanding the spirit of fucks mission
I think these boys don't
They're not it's a sweatpants need to be tighter and looser at the same time
So that they get that real they've got that real cock outline that we're all looking for and then I'm sorry boys
You'll look good, but you don't look like you fuck and that means
Empty bottle of lube in the pocket pushy for them. I mean stocking
Let's continue down our fucks miss train
Snicker vein needed no snicker veins. You can't you're not getting enough of a preview through the sweatpants
So why even rock the sweatpants look?
All right, here's another one
Cruella de Vil. She's got a very sexual energy. I'll be real with you
She looks great in the coat. She does want to kill all dogs though
Which is a classic not fucking move people that get real pissed off about dogs
You know she kind of has like a banned pit bulls sort of energy
And I already said pit bull fucks. So
I'm gonna say she's she's lost the spirit of fucks miss. Maybe in her youth. She fucked
Sort of wild New York fashion scene
You think there's Cruella fucks I think the look fucks, but I think
the
The spirit doesn't the spirits too obsessed with killing dogs
Half of her fucks. Oh, that's true down the middle, baby
Okay, that's a exciting new well scooch toad over here
Let me scooch this weird toad creature. Oh this toad creature over
Yeah, I don't even know. Okay. Well, let's put her straight over toad because this list has already gotten so oh I found it, okay?
Boom straight in the middle
One half fucks one half purely murders dogs
to make coats I
Forgot that that's even an option someone can be split down the middle on the fucks and doesn't fuck list
Okay, let's continue
Even as I hear the rumbling of the who orgy that I wasn't invited to this is a this is a curious case here
Hobbs from Calvin and Hobbs I
Think
Even though I liked the guy
It's too creepy to say that he fucks because he's a figment of a child's imagination
Who I'm gonna say is just it's too young it's too young to declare fucking for Hobbs
from Calvin and Hobbs
So we're gonna just drag him for safety
Up to the doesn't fucks list listen, I understand it by the time
Calvin's like 13 14
Absolutely, this guy's gonna be fucking in ways that we honestly don't even want to consider in the mind of a
Progressively more perverted teenage boy, but for now maintaining the innocence of childhood
Hobbs comfortably on the doesn't fuck list. Unfortunately next to Cruella Deville who will hunt him for his skin
But I can't control where people line up on this list necessarily
Daydream Hobbs fucks for sure, but not stuffed Hobbs
interesting
Yeah, what's puberty hits?
Honestly, I'll show you what he looks like once puberty hits. I'll show you post puberty Hobbs right now
As we fit a very lion and tiger centric version
Portion of the fucks list Tony the tiger permanently fucking let's be real
Probably only outdone in the amount they fuck by
Two cans Sam who's an insatiable horn dog. This is adult Hobbs basically not Hobbs and Shaw
not
Was Hobbs a philosopher the philosopher Hobbs no
the fuck tiger
Hobbs the fuck tiger the more I say the name Hobbs. Why is
This thing called Hobbs
Is it like somebody's buddy?
There's a lot of I don't know. This is a random name. They plucked out for a tiger
Wait a minute Tony the tiger. Oh, it's adult Hobbs
That's Tony the tiger is adult Hobbs once Calvin hits puberty in his polluted mind Hobbs becomes
basically roided out ripped and an absolute bone machine that happens to sell cereal because he still loves sugar and
That's I'm pretty sure that's cannon
And here we're gonna split the difference
This one's more of an enigma
Is fucking what tigers do best?
Or
Do they only are they only sprung on their tails?
He's literally been in the olympics unnotorious essentially
muscle orgy the olympics
I think
The hundred acres woods would fuck but eor
Just kills everyone's vibe so hard
With his depressing fucking attitude that nobody can get bricked in the hundred acre woods
That's why Winnie the pooch let himself go. He's digging his head into trees just for an ounce of honey
Because everyone's just they're caged up
They're brickless
Eor has polluted the land with his incredibly negative vibes and and thus nobody there fucks
Eor hate fucks. Wow. Well, he only hates himself. So
If we get to him, I'll make a judgment
Eor is literally selling ash when he leaves the house
That's a good point. He is literally ash
Okay, I could see this going a lot of different ways. Um, so this is uh, we're still in tiger town currently
We're still sort of in a tiger centric, uh portion of the fucks list
Does
Does this tiger man that is named. What was it tiger? How did I forget coveted was a minute ago?
Um, I was gonna call him tiger man, but also tiger king
I think he's I think maybe he was usurped though
um
By some other florida guy. So he's just a tiger man now. He's only now. He is but a tiger man
Where before he was a tiger king
Does he fuck?
I'm not sure
Shoot, I can't seem to
Grab him at all
Oh, there we go
I spoke the incredible hawk weed
Well, I tried to turn up the amount of of chiefing I was doing because the initial look of this stream
a little too
Worries him
He's getting fucked in jail. Well, let's let's hope if he is that he's into it
um
Hmm the tiger does fuck
So I'm gonna have to handle this like this
We're gonna have to use some of our grudgefish magic right now
and
Boom
Oh wait, I had it right the first time actually
Oh, there we go
This line goes down the middle the tiger fucks the king oddly does not
The the king's in jail and we're gonna say the king doesn't fuck
I thought he only likes drugged out use
I mean, you know the way he fucks uh based on the documentary
I don't think I approve of uh based on some of his hiring decisions and manipulation
I'm going to revoke his fuck pass and say that he doesn't fuck this year
He's been unfucked for this year. Take that tiger king
Doesn't
Boom god his ash. Okay
Let's do one more and then maybe we'll chuck in check in with
crumb
Okay, this is um
This is gonna be an easy one
This is sort of a twofer
Austin creed but as chun lee
I mean do I even need to explain it? Definitely fucks
Not only is it austin creed. He's received the fuck power of chun lee
Putting into a him into a fuck a fuckedo sphere that few achieve
If I if I gotta add an additional section to this list for uh for like pure fuck energy
I would put I would put this version of austin creed on it
But for now, we'll just drag him straight as far away from the fuck's list
Not doesn't fuck part of the list as we can get austin lee
uh creed lee
Whatever nickname you want to give
This this being of pure sexual energy
I say go for it
Okay, I've I've just realized I'm gonna have to make some adjustments really quick. So give me just a second
Here to do
If we're gonna check in with crumb that is
How do I do the thing I want to do
What da da da
Dang it. I always forget
How to do half the shit I want to do
All right, um
Just one second. You're gonna see a weird version of me real quick
And then I but I have to make an adjustment to it to uh to stay in the spirit of the season
Which is not doing incredibly offensive space uh face paint. Hopefully so just one second
Oh my god
I just also got asked if I like cilantro
The answer is yes
I'm a fan of cilantro
Love me some cilantro. I know I muted when I have to do that
There's some way for me to do that without you guys having to see me do it
But I don't know how I'm just a simple crunch
Well, we've made a lot of progress on the fuck's list
I say now we pay off um what crumb promised us, which is the night before crumbs miss
I'll be real with you. I don't think
He wrote anything
I think he he said that he's doing uh off the dome
freestyle
Christmas poetry
So if you can help him out
if you want to create the christmas miracle of
Helping him pay off
I'm assuming what is essentially ad libs for the song
Or the the poem towards the night before christmas
Uh, then feel free to throw any imagined lyrics in the chat in the meantime. Let's go check in
with um with crumb
Down in the
christmas hole
I have a magic scrying cave
Where I um summoned whatever spirit I wish to speak with
So I'm gonna head over there right now to my magical grunt scrying cave to summon
Um a guy who I guess his performance here will really dictate if you fucks or not
Leonard crumb
I summon for the powers of christmas
Leonard
crumb
um
All right. Good to see everybody
I'm Leonard crumb
I'm
Uh hanging out in hooverill, which I have to say
Has been a real who trip
It's been real fun out here in hooverill. It's not as sexual as the grunge makes it sound. They're mostly just celebrating christmas not
Um really sure why he assumes that
It's uh an orgy
You're telling me they're not fucking you sound a little bit like me. I don't sound a thing like you
I'm sorry. I mean ask if we have sugar. Uh, we do have sugar. It's right behind the rice maker. You see it
Sorry, my christmas dog is cooking. Um, I'm trying to cook too
Trying to cook on some hot
Freestyle slam poetry
You doubt my crumbness
Fine, I'll take the hand off so that you can see
I'm just happy. I'm trying to be part of the season try. I was told to come in green
It's me. It's crumb. I look exactly the same
Do I look like pitbull or something?
You know, oh my god. I took my hat off too
This is uh
This is a crazy look. I feel like I look good
I've put on all of my green christmas face paint
To crumb it up. Do I need to lose the glasses? Do I look too cool in the glasses?
I took my glasses off too. Um, we you definitely don't need to worry about looking too cool. Okay
No need to be mean about it
The glasses do it
Guys, it's me. I'm I'm Leonard crumb. I'm here to do some christmas poetry
Uh, let me get some
Um smooth christmas jazz going and I need it turned up a little bit. Okay, it won't it won't do it for me one second
A lot of tech issues on this stream
Okay
There we go
That's that's a nicer. That's a nicer kind of christmas vibe. That's what i'm going for
Okay
And I look I love the season. I love christmas time
Um, let me get all my christmas duct in a row
Okay
All right. Now look, um, I do sort of freestyle christmas poetry
Uh, you claimed I'm just gonna steal
A lot of the payoffs for my setups from chat, but you know, this is all coming from the heart
um
I've proven that I can rhyme many times you can rhyme
I've proven that
And so let's get into it. Let's get a little christmasy. Okay
um
was the night before christmas
and all through the
abode
Not a creature was
a moving about not even a
what
showed
You stole that from chat. I saw that come up in chat
No, I'm I'm good at rhyming. Um
All the stockings were hung
by the chimney with
precision
Uh in the hopes that saint
Uh, crumb
Soon would be taking a really long time circumcision
You're not allowed to get mad at chat
if
They pay off the rhyme for it. Well, I these are coming from
I'm just inspired then why did why did you look so disappointed by your own rhyme? I'm not
um
Then what to my wondering eyes?
Uh was there
But a miniature sleigh
and a whole bunch of um bears
All right, that's fine
And rick flares bears and rick flares. Yeah
A miniature sleigh
Oh, I already said that a little little driver
Um so lively and slick
I knew
in a second
That it must be
a prick
That's fine. What okay
I mean it was a mean driver. Um
And uh more rapid than eagles his reindeer
Hook off and he shouted
on dasher
and
On
On the fuck off
And so up to the house top the reindeer soon blasted
With the sleigh full of toys that that prick
That prick what?
um
Fat acid
This is your this is the best you can do. I'm doing the best I can. Okay
Look, um
And with the sleigh full of toys, uh that prick did
Jump down the chimney. He left with uh with a big old
A thumpy hump dump
You really couldn't think of that yourself. I
Okay, look, I'm a man of the people and I like to uh promote participation
So you're admitting that these aren't your rhymes. These are assisted rhymes. Yes by the people
Christmas power to the people
Okay, he was dressed all in fur and his belly was thick
Uh, he spoke not a word but went straight to
I mean he's setting himself up just so blatantly went straight to my dick
You're making them do it for you
No, I'm just and and breadsticks
Went straight to my dick and breadsticks and um
And he spoke not a word
Oh, uh, but went straight to his work
And filled all the stockings then started to
Okay, that's better twerk. I was gonna say jerk. I like to work more. He started to twerk
What?
That doesn't rhyme. Why did you go with that? I
The people power the people who's in chat
We should at least add chat to the screen if you're gonna do this
Um, sure I can do that. Just give me a second
Think you know what they can see chat
I'm gonna add chat to the screen just a second
meant to do that earlier forgot to all admit I forgot
But I feel like if crumbs gonna do this to us
We should have we should have chat there
Um
Christmas time
Honestly chat you're doing a great job this man is making you rhyme for him
Too lazy to rhyme on his own
Um, and I think you're I think you're doing a paying up job
paying off his very
Intentionally set up horny horny rhymes
I mean shame on crumb honestly
We're being so horny all the time
And that's coming from me
I feel like I approach it with clash intact. He's just not doing that, you know
There it is
You're very high right now
That is a totally fair way to view this stream
Um, just a second. I'm gonna actually add this just to the overlay
Herman and late just one
Little okay
All right
And now now this will make more sense if anybody's watching on a different platform
I mean, I feel like it was already making great sense and I'm almost done
Um, the poem isn't like perm it's not that long of a poem. Anyway, um, he filled his stockings
And he started to twerk and touch his penis. Um, and laying his finger
aside of his nose
Then giving a nod
Up the chimney. He
What did he do?
um
He did a little blow
and through some bows
He made a shadow weaness and he picked his nose
And then he did cocaine
I feel like I should be the one reading this poem. It feels out of character for you. I'm um, I'm it's look
I'm winning the people over
by uh
Stealing their work
Okay, that's one way to put it adjusting one thing
It smells good and you someone cooking over there. You can smell all the way over here
In this I'm in a totally different spot than you
Okay, that we can't cut to that wide actually
We can't cut to that why I'm staying in this shot permanently. Oh, yeah, that doesn't look good
Yep, don't go to the wide the real grudge is here. Uh, okay. Are you gonna finish this poem up?
Yeah, I'm almost done. Um
And I heard him explain
As he drove out of shite
marry christmas to all
and to all
Good fight. I bought your plight
Can I get a light
And call rip blazer for pizza?
You're not gonna end on a fuck your night. Okay, at least you ended on
right
And that's the real meaning of christmas
What?
Look, I'm a I'm a christmas fuck monster and even I couldn't ascertain the meaning from that
What was the point there? I'll tell you what the point and it's it's summed up in this
Final rhyme. Oh great great
um
The christmas is a time for holiday cheer
But it's mostly a time to drink some beer
Take it in the rear
And
um
To fuck. Okay. Well, I do agree with that last word even though it didn't rhyme
You burned the two rhymes and ended on fucking. Oh, that's fine. That is actually in the spirit of of fuxmas. So, um
I'm not sure what we accomplished here
But I will thank you anyway
for being here
And uh
Wow, this is
This is what christmas is all about
You said it not me. Uh, we're excited to see if munch makes it on here
Oh munch is trying to do a thing. Yeah, good luck getting any subs for people to see him
I'll fucking quit on his ass and now nobody cares about that shony one
You quit on your best friend. He's not my best friend. He actively wishes for my death
constantly
Wouldn't the most fucksmas thing of all be to
Agree to come back on the show with your best christmas pal
We're not we're very clearly not friends
We're enemies. Did you miss a special invited guest? No with uh my special guest, uh
Crumb, yeah, you know my name. I forgot your name for a second. Come on. You've you invited me, uh
I just sorry. It's rude, but I forgot your name. You say you know everyone's name. I forgot yours though
Okay, I'm used to it. Anyway, uh, Merry christmas to all to all a good night
You helped me with the poem which I did not write
But the the the season is beautiful with all of the lights
And it's time for me to leave and to and to leave the of your sight
See I can rhyme. Yeah, those are easy easy. That's easy fucking easy rhymes
Easy rhymes, but that's fine
Uh, thanks for being here. Thanks for not
Thanks for making chat do all the work
And go no, it's about sharing the joy of the season and I'd shared it with chat
And with that I say
read a tat tat
Christmas
is
Fat phat the classic 90s version. It's nice. I like christmas. See y'all later
Fuck off crumb beautifully said thundercash
Because it's foxmas the time for everyone to fuck off
Fuck off crumb
I forgot I could do that
Wow, someone's making a delicious christmas meal for me
Let me put my christmas accoutre ma back on as we return to the fox list. That's your mayor
Well, that's beautiful. Dude my teeth. I'm
I paint
I'm the grunge. I don't have good dental care. I live in a cave
My teeth aren't rotting out. They're
Christmas-ing out
Christmas teeth it was your dog could cook
If you had a dog as as my dog it could I'm getting too carried away with these zooms
Christmas zooms. I need to move over
Bless you all exactly on this beautiful christmas season
It's foxmas. It's the time of year. It's grunge miss
Uh, if this is your first time tuning in
Just know the regular stream isn't any better
This is the kind of thing case. This is the kind of thing case does. There's really no
There's no sugar coating it. This is as good as it gets
What's that?
I'll eat I'll eat on stream
While making the fox list
Again, it's the time of year where we decide who fucks and who doesn't
and um
Currently we are our yearly fox miss exactly currently we're making a fox list
Do I want what?
Sure
It's green. So I like it
This is our beautiful fox list so far
Um in case you're wondering how the progress has been going
Most people do
fuck
You dropped a lime. I'm so sorry
Dang it. How did Fiona Fiona got pushed off the list somehow
There she's back on the fox list
Fiona does fuck
Strangely mccorseler doesn't furdo fucks lilyana
Only fucks mentally and we're not counting that
Pitbull does fuck but not very
Not very in a very considered way these boys don't fuck because they're not showing enough dick outline
Correlative ill half fucks half doesn't hop doesn't fuck because he's the charity to product the child's mind
Travis Kelsey is somehow fused with uh dominatrix toad or or gimp toad. They do fuck
Tigger is who we were described deciding if if tigger fucks or not. Um
Look, it's my it's my beautiful christmas pop
You don't want to you don't want to show yourself
As green as the grunch, it's my lovely christmas pop. This is a turkey christmas medley
Maybe we'll just leave tigger in the middle there
We'll say the adult part of tigger fox and the the child part obviously done
The tigger that depressed adult what's the kid's name in that peter or something christopher robbins
Yeah, when christopher robbins comes back as an adult and he's all like wistful and weird than than that version of tigger fox
Okay, we've covered if a lot of tigers have if a lot of tigers fuck or not
It's good. Thank you so much
I can't remember what I said my
dog's name was
What's the actual grinch's dog's name max?
Uh
Then your name could be sacks because I'm the I'm the fuck version of the grinch
And then and my dog was fine with it
Drip cuckoo makes the fucks less interesting. All right. Let's keep scrolling down
So it's only us and creed
Obviously on the list
This one is um, if you're a fan of the stream, you might know this this is tim lamp here
Uh, this is the actor tim lamp here. This is the acting version
You're actually one um one more little adjustment here
We'll move chat over to this side for the fuck's list
Do do do
The original creator of the rat stuff
look
The little prankster in me wants to say he doesn't but I won't deny
That he's a lithe very flexible man who definitely fucks
And would honestly tell you all about it if you were here
You would describe it in details that you might not want
an open book
honestly
He definitely
Oh my god, it's covered up
Dang it
Shoot, I'm gonna have to actually rescind moving that put it back to normal so that I can I can do my
Correct version of these there we go
He fucks
You're afraid as where the rat stuff is it's inside all of our hearts
But because it's grunge miss that means your heart is actually in your genitals
It moves for just one time every year
Everybody's hearts
Shrink to a size where they can fit snugly into their genitals. It's not healthy, but it is horny
Let's keep looking
Oh, who's this strapping lad my god, it's
Late 2000s case blackwell
Does he fuck look at that mustache?
That's a choice
Look at how about as good as me at the start of this stream
hmm
Doesn't fuck
I you know
I'm unfortunately. I'm gonna have to say he doesn't
He's just a young 30 year old
He just doesn't know his way around the world yet. He's figuring it out. He's not ready to fuck yet
A lot of maybe someday a little maybe someday young already potentially middle-aged lad
But not yet
Not yet early 30s case blackwell
Honestly, not that long. Maybe that was how old was this version? That might have been 29 year old case
Can't really remember when that sketch was filled
Well coming isn't necessarily fucking
But yes, he did come in the in the in the context that this was taken
It was a video. You'll be shocked to hear this. It was a sec. It was a sketch about
coming
Did some things never change?
Okay, avatar kassam
Avatar kassam g I hate to overpopulate the list, but come on. He's it's kassam
But if you were sexy and blue
Fuck's dragons. Yeah, I mean these things the the only way they can communicate with the world around them
Is by essentially making love with their tales to the world
So
It's sort of like saying
For a human this should be like does he use a cell phone?
Avatars kind of can't help but fuck it's it's there the entire way they communicate something I can relate to I relate heavily
to avatars
Some people got avatar depression
After that movie. I finally felt seen my life is like pandora and that I communicate by by filling
Filling things with my parts or getting filled
They also have genitals. I know it's double the sex. They got a they got a fucktail and the traditional parts
That's crazy
Wow
another actor
I'm gonna let chat decide. I'm gonna let chat decide on this one the fate of this particular
Wow, this is a high res shot
John Madison
This is uh, Daniel, spaniel to daniel. This is the progenitor of the entire line. Put him in the middle for now
In fact, can we do we have any mods that can make a poll?
I want to straight force a poll here
Because I just don't know it's if you don't know who this is just go based off the look
This is John Madison a good friend of case
um
He he performs with a troupe called star kid quite often
Uh a working actor here in los angeles
What does he fuck? I don't need to hear myself
And if you can't make a poll don't worry. I can make a poll. I don't know if we I don't know if any mods are bothering to uh
Stick around for fucks miss or not
Also a possible murderer worth keeping in mind
Does john fuck the poll is in fact
live right now
Can't show it to you because I forgot to set it up. So I'll give you the play by play. It's very close five to four
A low voting threshold right now
So we'll see as as the the results are just being tallied if this were a super tuesday it would only be like
Five p.m. Or whenever the first results start coming in
Okay, so far 61 yes, but it's it's sliding backwards 55 very close
On a full minute left of voting to go. I'll pull up another one while we sort this out because again, there's just so many to get through
Um, well chat decides the fate of if john madison fucks or not. Wow, there's a lot of these
Apologies if I don't get to all of them
I have to be going so fast to get through all like 400 of these
But I really like that there's this many in there because it gives us options
Just know that george jettson is up next
But right now we're deciding on john madison
Does john fuck or not?
This year also it can change from year to year
Oh, it's taken a harsh dive towards no
Right now it's 57 no against john
Just know he will take this very personally
If somehow he catches wind, but she will when he receives either a full or empty bottle of lube
Um in his pantyhose. He's a cannibal like army hammer
But that's a sexy man
Also doesn't fuck though only each people
Which is an unfortunate choice
All right, it's getting down to the wire. He's 10 votes behind on fucking or not and oh, no
The results are in
and folks
You know, I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but
apparently doesn't fuck
courtesy of chat
I guess we didn't have enough star kid fans in chat. I'm so sorry john, but I am a slave to the people
And I'll have to show
That he simply doesn't fuck
What can you do?
Do he's in good company though. Look who else doesn't fuck case
It's a chris miss miracle
All right, george jettson
He does fuck he does unlike johnny g fucks and I don't even have to explain it
That's just a that's just a quick release for me. Sorry john. I had to really think about that last one
But george jettson fucks
Okay, this is an interesting one. He does have a kid
But you know, it's it's yearly. So did he fuck this year? Yes
Even though he's technically from the future. He fucks
This is the way it works does this alien fuck. I can't tell if it's the alien queen or not
There's back in where I want it
Does the alien queen
fuck
Or but this is just a regular alien I think
Or is it the queen the queen's got a bigger distended belly, but wait, it has the it has the things on the back
If it's the queen
I think it has to it's just a regular xenomorph
Do they impregnate the queen or does she just kind of
Vibing out. I'm honestly not sure
I should know
There's so many mouths at work. I'm gonna say they do fuck
Knowing nothing of their anatomy other than that they've got two mouths. That just feels horny to me
Uh, so I'm gonna say yes
Didn't see F Ripley in resurrection
Oh
That's some advanced play right there. I mean obviously I would
If the question is would you or wouldn't you for this beauty?
Yeah, uh my taste extend past the human and mortal realm just so you know
But for Ripley that seems like a stretch
But hey, I'm not no king shaming. There's a jazzy fucks list right now when I'm into it. Mr
Okay, this is an interesting one because I I kind of forgot about this guy this guy snuck up on me
But he's a contender
There's mr. Wing the guy who sold the gremlins in the gremlin franchise
Does he fuck?
Or is he too busy?
You know
Peddling illegal animals
He fucks
I do feel like he probably does anybody that has a shop filled with forbidden wares
That's a pretty horny. Let's be real. That's like a pretty horny calling. He fucks hard
I'm gonna I'm gonna agree with chat here. I think that the front room is where the sails happen the back room
uh
You know his where is where he's really pushing his wares. If you know what I mean
He's getting everything wet after midnight
Whoo
I like to see it
He fucks scary. Sometimes you gotta fuck a little scary as long as everybody's into it
Okay, this one's easy
This is again. I'm I the I'm a generous grunge
And my instinct is to want people to fuck
But I mean come on folks
Are we really gonna say?
I do is there any sonic character that doesn't fuck in at least someone's imagination?
This one if anybody fucks from the sonic franchise, it's gotta be it's gotta be this one
Her breasts are shaped like a heart. She doesn't just fuck. She makes love but wild fucking strangers. That's a skill
Okay, this is a tricky one. This next one is a tricky one
Busy which I believe is spanish for bus
I don't speak the language, but I believe in spanish
Uh, I believe bussy is spanish for buss. I've decided
Busy fucks. Here's my here's my only issue
And I gotta I gotta populate a new fox listen just a second
Here's my only issue
um
There's other people in the picture. Do we need to consider if all these people fuck this young man looks too young
So here's what I'm gonna have to do. We're gonna real quick
Um, there we go. Oh, I did it backwards. I keep I keep in my brain
It was already actually right
We're gonna say we're gonna split this picture down the middle
We're gonna say
Let's wait till this young man has some hair on his chest before we throw him on the fox list
Oh that young man's age is gonna well. I'm not saying bussy fucks this guy
this young man
This lady behind him looks thrilled to see bussy
as we all would be
The legends themselves bussy
the
Not only the representative for the bus system. I believe in madrid
um
But the representative of the fox system in madrid a sexual mascot that all
People can get behind bussy
And these people want to fuck him so bad
But I'm gonna say only bussy fucks in this picture. Sorry folks. Maybe next year
We need to hear that bussy music again. I don't know if we still have access to the bussy drop. Let me see if I can find it real quick
There'll be a christmas miracle if I can shoot looks like haste didn't
Get it over
Maybe he did let's double check he missed it
Don't worry. It's still in a hard drive somewhere
Just know that and definitely kyle 88 kiles per hour still has it somewhere
We'll get it back. We'll get it all back
Let's do two more and then we'll
Change gears for a second. We'll check in maybe with another guest. Oh, wow
Okay, I like I like these next two. I'm gonna have to start going a little faster though
We'll do these next three and then we'll try something else
Okay
ripped santa claus
highly sexual ripped santa
Here's the trick though. I think regular santa fucks
you know, he's
What's up my dog sacks just cut their fingernail
Oh, wow on what?
My dog sacks cut her fingernail while preparing this delicious food
I do see it. Wow. No easy way around that fingernails new shape now
Miss claus ain't living all the way in the north pole for nothing
Is maybe this is just how santa looks for the rest of the year
He's in a bulking phase during christmas and this is summer santa
In fact, I'm gonna decide that that's canon and I'm gonna say this santa does fuck
Honestly, he spends most of the year doing jack squat
Just kind of laying a different type of chimney. If you know what I mean
And you do
He's about to show you his mash of kringle
Okay, let's run through this version of the list real quick. We're gonna have to do this list in sections
Because it's already populated
um
We we have barely any people that don't fuck everyone in the middle half fucks half doesn't
Fortunately john madison and case blackwell
They don't fuck this year
not allowed
Cases in trouble for his poor taste in face paint and john i'm sorry the people were against you
And we remove that part of the list for now
Okay, that's part one. Don't worry. I can bring it back at will
We made it through quite a few but we're we haven't even
We have not yet begun to fuck this
Okay, this is this could be a controversial one
We'll call this
Carrie grinch. There's a lot of grinches. It's a grinch multiverse
Which i'm part of
I'm canon in the grinch verse
Come on
Don't screw me over zeus
family
Make me canon write me into the next grinch movie
I all grinch's fuck is the deal
I'm the one who's made it his whole thing
What they don't like to tell you is that they all do
And I've seen it
I've seen them. I've seen them. We have a whole meeting. We have a whole
kind of key party situation
We pick a cave every year. We're like
Everybody bring cleaning solution for after and we just
We make a mess
We make an absolute mess
And jim. Carrie grinch one of the one of the biggest offenders
So absolutely the care bears
Yeah, I mean
There's a reason his heart could do that because there's all sorts of parts of him kind
I believe these are baby bears. Where do they come from?
Without fucking I think clouds
I think their whole race
Produces they reproduce non-sexually
Beings of pure childhood imagination
They fuck a little bit. They're adult bear. There's a couple adults. They're just edging a couple of them. It's just a few of them
only like
Only these two
These are adults. I swear
They're the care bear cousins
Keep the grudge away for those sweet bears. No, they're the these two they are invited. Sorry, these two are invited
Not all of them. A lot of them are innocent. A lot of them are innocent purely childhood imagination, but two of them
Nasty adult though. They're adult bears. I swear
We agreed Hobbes doesn't fuck. Yeah, Hobbes is the kids of kids, but these two all these other bears
A product of a child's imagination and then these two
They're just crazy. I don't know. I don't know how to tell you
Do do do do
Sunshine bear fucks
Yeah, look at sunshine bear
It's freeing in the sun
Sun sun creatures can't help it. You know the nature of the universe. We are all but stardust fornicating
Have you ever heard Neil deGrasse Tyson talk?
It's basically just that but but a care bear having sex
Look at this
Come on with these pants. Look at these thighs
I mean I can I say that this one doesn't part of me wants to
Part of me wants to deny this bear
Because I think they're more into skiing based on the goggles
do dole
Do dole for the red tipped reindeer
Okay, they fuck
But not that much. They love to ski. I'll put them right on the edge
It's a heat map of sex
Playing reindeer games
I like that
With my green teeth
Oh, okay
This one has to this guy has to fuck right
Wharf, I feel like wharf fucks, but he gets real mad. I like him mad at himself for it
It's like I'm supposed to be a warrior
You know, he's like breaking shit in his room. He's like smashing clay pots and stuff
He's smashing Picard's ancient clay pots
For his internal weakness that he must give in to the fuck, but he has no choice
He's too sexy. He has to fuck
Big time
It feels all sorts of ways about it, but definitely fucks
Do do do do do all right. I'm gonna let you guys know, you know, you would vote yes, you'd have to vote yes
Let's be real
Has to fuck it's it's Gina in the Chun Lee outfit
You know all respect respects to miss darling
But if you put on the Chun Lee outfit, it means you fuck the spinning bird the spinning bird dicks
Okay, it's Jeff this next one is
Is another easy one and we're gonna say Jeff Ripple's son is in their 20s by the way
It's Jeff Ripple's
beautiful Filipino son
And yes, he does fuck as well
But I'll put him here so that Jeff is just off the list. I'm not sure if Jeff fucks
He might be getting something empty bottles of lube in his stocking this year
Jeff Ripple's has Jeff been has Jeff been a good fuck boy this year
Or has he been a naughty fuckless boy?
If he's on here, I'll decide then
Okay, this is a classic and that's sonic the hedgehog
Gotta go fast
But is he going fast into that ass?
Or is he
Is the only ring he's wearing a purity ring go either way
I know a lot of people want him to fuck and a lot of people want to fuck him. But does he
Or is he too busy running and what is he running from?
his sexuality
Or is he running straight
Into a hot mess of genitals
He fucks everything. I'm just playing with you guys. You're right
Card King. I can't deny it sonic absolutely fucks
Rarely animated in canon with genitals, but I like to I just know they're there
I know they're in there somewhere and he's using them
He's running from his one-night stand
That's true never you can't get a good sonic to settle down
They try they animated a fully nude Amy to try to subdue his libido
And uh couldn't do it. All right
Check in with somebody else
Check in with another another christmas friend
I don't think this person has an activity. They're just gonna hang out for a second
We'll see how they're doing
It's um
I'll go to my scrying cave again, but I I can't show it show it to you in the white
Let's go there. I shummon into my scrying cave
Shet
Whoa
Damn, dude. I'm fucking down in whoville
Just in my full-ass grinch look
And honestly, I think I look fucking chill unlike case
I didn't spend the first 10 minutes of the stream
unknowingly in some exceedingly offensive makeup
What's up y'all?
Mary asmus
or whatever this is
I happen to be a sexual masculinity expert
So to me every day expects me to sense
Well
What you don't it's not that you only fuck on this day. It's just a day where you celebrate the spirit of camaraderie in check
I can fucking get down with that
Yo, I'm kind of jealous that crumb got to do a classic christmas poem
using chat
Can I just straight steal his fucking gimmick?
I don't know. You should probably do something slightly different with it if you're gonna crowd shorche
rhymes
all right
um
Let's see
What's the most popular christmas song? I need to go straight to the top
you silent night
20 most popular christmas songs all I want for christmas is you by mirai carry
Rockin around the christmas tree by brandon lee. Let's check out the lyrics for that
Rockin around the christmas tree brandon lee
Oh brand only sympathy for the grand hundred geck. Let's fucking listen to that
Let's listen to that shit
hundred geck
Yeah, let's fucking let's turn this christmas up right now. It's definitely a christmas
It's definitely a christmas thing
Oh, yeah, this is my jam
This is your jam. This is my jam
Anyway, that's all
That's as much of it as I like to listen to good 30 seconds
Just to not fully copyrights copyrights things during the stream
um
Maybe I shouldn't maybe I shouldn't do another classic christmas poem
Using the power of chat are you asking me to like say no chat do it?
A little bit
I'm fine if you don't
Well, I'm gonna do it anyway. Oh, come on. Yeah
Look, this is this is a poem. This is a collaboration between
jet man skate and chat
And it doesn't have to be all about sex. It's about the power of rhymes
Well, it is fox miso if it's about sex. I mean, I'm fine with it. I'm on the record is
being a fuck creature
All right, just you know, you don't want to be too one note. I'm as one note as it gets to my whole thing got one note
That's a fuck note
Okay
This little song I call rocking around the christmas
Just so lazy so lazy what what you two work what you and krum are doing now. It's
high art the christmas yee
Oh
How about beef
Okay, I see beef in there christmas yee might have too much of a
Troubling overtone to it given some of his recent statements
Christmas peen how about rocking around the christmas v and peen?
Well, it doesn't really match
The syllables over the original but that's fine
Here we go. It's a beautiful
It's beautiful
Rock and I can't sing this. Can I just just poem it? Okay rocking around the christmas tree
And the christmas party
What I have
Okay, that's that's cute rocking around the christmas tree and the christmas party i-hop
mistletoe hung where you can see
Every couple tries to
Hundred geck that doesn't that doesn't rhyme
Every couple tries to fuck
Well, um
Rocking around the christmas tree. It's a christmas party i-hop
Mistletoe hung where you can see every couple tries to fuck. It's an it's a slant rhyme. It's an off rhyme
It's it's a vibe and I like it
Um
And then repeats rocking around the christmas tree. Let the christmas spirit ring
Later, we'll have some pumpkin pie and we'll do some
cocaine that doesn't it's got a rhyme
Poem it's poem a tree isn't all about rhyming. So i'm going with
Coke and then cry. I like that even more
Rocking around the christmas tree the christ party i-hop mistletoe hung where you can see every couple tries to fuck
Rocking around the christmas tree let the christmas spirit ring later. We'll have some pumpkin pie and we'll do some cocaine and cry
Oh that does right
just with pie
Yeah, not caroling, but caroling doesn't what is caroling rhyme with in that original?
I guess it doesn't it just feels oh ring. Oh, yeah. Yeah, whoops
Absolute cinema
That's what I like to hear. I'd like to push the limits of the genre of a twitch and poem
And I feel like this poem a tree is doing that
Let's do one more verse
Just one more. Let's just do one more verse. We'll cut to the last verse
And this verse goes a little something like this
You will get sentimental feeling when you hear voices singing. Let's be jolly
deck the ba halls with bows of
penis 100 gecks
molly
Hey, you got there at the end
That's yep
Just to reiterate you will get that sentimental feeling when you hear voices singing. Let's be jolly deck the halls with bells
of penis come
100 gecks and molly. I'll sort of shreds the original
A meter of the poem but that's
I mean, what are you the fucking poetry police? I thought you was a little fuck guy
I'm a big fuck guy and yes, I I won't come down on you too hard
Exactly here's the season
And around things out rocking around the christmas tree have a happy holiday
Everyone dancing merrily in the new
old
Fancy hand
Chet does the grush live bro. Do you even fucking live? Finish your poem. Sorry. I'm late. I'm gay. It's fine to be both
Honda civic
All right rocking around the christmas tree have a happy holiday everyone dancing merrily in the new
Old-fashioned Honda civic
That's it's all the honestly a whole improvement
They should crowdsource all art everything should be crowdsourced
Well like a good code it's been crowdsourced to
completion
By chet manscape who joins us for this christmas season
Thanks for being here chet. Well am I welcome in do you even lift up bro? I
Engage in heavy physical petting
That ain't the same though. You got to like cling and bang a little bit dude
Like you can't just be banging you got to also be clanging otherwise you ain't banging with the right, you know
force like you thought about like
Like staying in shape is sort of like respect for your partner like you you gain stamina you gain strength
It ain't all about just looks you know, it's about like health. It's about confidence
Yeah, I just I'm like a magical fuck thing. I don't need to lift
Respect dude. I've felt that way before because I like in that too
but
For me it's also about like the spirituality of it. So I do and I'm just saying consider it
Okay, well
Thanks for being here and think thanks to you
For what's going on trying to sign off
what and thanks to
Who's which is the town I'm in but who's the boss?
Apparently not them. It's a green man in a cave that fucks
And I fucks with that
Because I'm a man who's a manscape named Trent of which was the christmas appearance of me
and
At this time I say
Of Feliz
Navajo in respect
To the natives of the americans of which I'm not I'm jet manscape
And with that it's witch eyes back to you poof
well
Not sure where he was going with that
Uh, but that's fine a strapping young lad who probably fucks. We'll see if he's on the list
Let's we're gonna do what time is it nine? It's 9 11
um in whoville
And it really is it's not it's just the time it's 9 11 in whoville
Okay, what happens it looks cold outside, but we're actually on pacific time
It's a weird choice, but you know
bless up
Let's uh maker let's put a few more people in the foxes. We'll do two more rounds of fox list
We're gonna go tell at least 10
Maybe we'll end with a little grunge miss caroling whether it's munch miss songs or not
And uh, we'll see how many things we can get to thanks for everyone who filled up
Grunty's little fox list this year. There's so many good ones in here
I am gonna go ahead and jump a little further down. I'm gonna start going from the bottom up
I've been going from the top down
I'm gonna go from the bottom up also great advice for love making
Switch which part of the body you're starting from
When you know you're doing tongue when you're making choices with your tongue
That's my grunge miss fox advice for the year just a little easy advice
for all us
grunge missers out there
So right now i'm starting from the bottom
and let's start this section off
with um
another version of of fiona nova
another classic
Does alien fiona nova fuck you might think maybe not because they're uh
It's an entirely different version of fiona
from a different dimension
But they do in fact fuck
uh alien fiona novus fuck too
They
Mostly do it. Uh, this whole area can become a different type of hole
It's strange to watch for most humans. Um
Most people don't use their face as a reproductive organ, but alien fiona nova does
And I think it's beautiful. I stand by it and then and they absolutely do fuck
A race that is well beyond gender at this point alien fiona nova
And to watch them copulate
Is to rend the mortal mind into
Like a lovecraftian orgy. You would never understand what you're looking at
But just know that it's a beautiful form of reproduction
Do do
What does this find fellow fuck it's the hype tree
I believe this train is powered purely by hype and not by sex
And uh, even though you can get hyped for sex hype on its own is not sexual
And as it's a being of pure hype powered by hype takes in hype. I think poops it out of snow
Uh, that actually doesn't fuck
I know I know it's controversial
It knows how to train. It's not running that kind of train. It's running a train of pure hype
Not my kind of train
Uh, no disrespect a different strokes, uh for different cosmic beings, but this one's a hype one not a fuck one
All right gone too soon
but not forgotten
Just because they passed
Uh, doesn't mean they're passing on
some hot ass
RIP to a real one
Look the it's George Clooney
Oh shoot that's Sean. I'm being told that's Sean Connery
But he does fuck
Absolutely fucks the original 007. Maybe fuck too much
Maybe don't wait that retrospectively almost seems disrespect
For women
But he did nonetheless different times and what a time it was to be this man and fuck constantly
I believe me. I saw it a few times a stallion an absolute stallion
Does George Clooney fuck? I guess if he appears we'll find out what's passed his prolapse
I'm sure a few times at least when you're wearing it out that hard at sometimes, you know, it's gonna pop out
Does this man fuck? You okay?
Sacks the fucks miss dog
What do we miss?
What?
Shoot me and my dog missed tickets for sweetheart night
Which I'm assuming
Through context clues
Is a Disney thing
But maybe I can use a little gruntfish magic to figure out how to get us in there anyway
Okay, who's this guy tickets are half off if you come in full green face
But I'm
With this filter on at least
That's easy for me
Okay
Is that Leon Kennedy?
debatably
Gotta say Leon Kennedy definitely fox. He's a secret agent man with a hell of a bod and some powerful spin kicks
Does this version of Leon Kennedy?
I'm gonna eat it
Want to say hi?
What's going on max?
The most beautiful dog in the world
Kendall in
Reading for the role of all animals
Great work
It's for a baby too fetishy for even me. I think sex
I will indeed
Uh, does max know how to make
Mac and cheese noises
Our our
Incredible what a multi-talented christmas dog
My beloved max. I mean sacks
Green doggo now, please. I can check in with
The grunts version of papito
Sacks, what do you want for christmas? You want bark bark? Okay christmas bark is the thing
Put mac and cheese on the list
The mac and cheese sound on the list. You want the mac and cheese sound for christmas?
Oh, wow
I'm sorry that you didn't get the part of all animals
Coming out of both ends
Puking yes, even making a puking noise. Yeah
Well, what I'm doing is only against good taste
Uh animal style no animal style tonight. Okay, fine. I'll check in with papito
He's gonna be I don't know what color
Maybe the normal maybe
Papito will look the same
I didn't uh, I didn't send him the memo
Didn't tell him to get fully grinched
Yeah, papito's normal
Papito, let's check in with you
Uh, thanks for being here
It's papito
Wow
Whoa, sorry I went to my cave
I went to my grinch cave
Papito
How you doing buddy?
Hey everybody, I'm I'm trying to try to go green but most of the paint fell off
I have very wet skin
But I'm in my little Christmas dog hat and I wanted to say
Mostly I got green in the eyes
And I'm very green eyes now. I think I got a lot of the paint in my eyes
Why it doesn't
Hurt my spirit. I'm wearing my little Christmas jean coat
I feel great
Well, that's wonderful papito
um
Just so you know, you're not on the fuck's list. Yeah, I don't because
I don't get what it is and I think I was neutered or something or I just was
It's confusing down there
Yeah, you've got a whole mesh of animal parts on you. Yeah, just dog parts actually
If you think it's a chicken you're just confused
Because I'm a dog. You are
Yeah
You want papito to be your dog. I love to have an owner, but I do already as Fiona
Nova and
She loves me. Um, yeah. Oh, yeah, you're like a magical entity. You can confirm that Fiona loves me
Um
Sure, it's a Christmas miracle. It's been confirmed
Yeah, little buddy. Sure a face only a mother could love and Fiona's my mommy
Yep. Yeah, yeah
What do you want for Christmas papito?
I'd like
A dog bed
at Fiona's place
Oh, how about something else?
um
One piece of bacon. Oh, okay that one we can do
We'll make sure case gets right on that for you. Oh, wow. Okay. That's pretty good, too
Yeah
I love papito, but like a friend
I don't want to talk to
That's I can't really
You can talk. Yeah, but it's I don't get it as I'm doing it like
I don't know where these words come from. I don't know where they go to they just pass through me
Uh, I feel like a conduit for feelings that I don't understand because I'm a dog
Well
I'm fine. I'll just play along and say you're a dog
I refuse to and so fine. You're a dog. Yeah, everybody agrees
Just a dog and a jean coat
Cute little paws
Looked like human fingers, but that's fine. Yeah, everything's chill
Okay, papito
Um anything you want to anything you want to do? Um
Let me sing a christmas song
Can I do that?
uh
I guess
Pulling up for you
Er, let's make it quick though. Okay. This is
This one makes some people sad
You know, I love christmas
Sorry my singing voice did have trouble getting the notes out
Jesus christ, man. It's very depressing. What? That's supposed to be a happy song
You really did it wrong then
Oh, my bad. Well again, I don't really get a lot of concepts because I don't like a christmas dog
I'm a dog. Oh, yeah, we got it. You're a dog. Yeah, I'm a dog. Okay. Well, thanks for being here, papito
and uh, best of luck
Having an owner someday. I'm sure I do. I mean, I currently do. That's what people don't get
Is my owner and it's fine. Everything's fine
And it's been fine and it'll stay fine. See ya
Geez
Glad I don't have to deal with that thing every day
Whoa, uh christmas jazz
Alive with the fox list
I got distracted because in the middle of deciding if leon kennedy fox
I papito broke you
shoot
We only like to break people consensually here at grunch at the grunch fox miscapital
Only if you're into that kind of thing
So if if papito tricked you into being broken then bad papito
Let's get back to the fox list
The reason for the season whether you like it or not
It's the fox list. Does this leon kennedy fuck?
Unfortunately, uh, this leon kennedy is totally missing in action. So I just don't know
Sort of in the middle of a of a raid on a island of
Zombies or a castle or something and then
Just gone even I don't know where this leon is. So for now the jury's out. I'll put them right in the middle
As to whether or not they fuck
Papito is an angel. Oh angels. I've heard or angels originally
Looks kind of weird. So that actually makes sense
In their original conception angels weren't you know like beautiful haloed creatures. They were like
Hordes of arms and eyes. So uh, papito is actually right in line with that
Okay, let's check out this one
Mashamo
gossamer
Formerly an officer. I think also dead
This one died
I'm gonna leave it up to chat and I we don't have to do a poll or I'll just take a vibe check
Does this one fuck or not?
Mashamo does not fuck. That was my instinct
But uh, you know
I want to check in with the diehards
Mashamo fucked hard, but that's past tense
And this is for this year. This is the 2023 fucks list
He canonically has to somebody doesn't fuck currently. Okay, again, I'm just I'm just checking my instincts and I'm glad that they're in line
Look at this crazy fox list. We've got so far
This is the worst one I've done. This is uh putting any of these barriers on the fucks list
Is a weird choice, but I did make it
Everybody over here fucks. Everybody over here doesn't this is a creature of pure hype again
If that one seems controversial and leon kennedy could just nobody knows what happened to this version of leon kennedy
We'll see
What the fuck? Sorry
That's right. I can show this
But it's it caught my eye
Um, just know that there isn't a vagina on this even if it sort of looks like there is one
It's badonka donk
um
Java the hut
I'm gonna say
Yeah
Whether you like it or not this one fucks
We're gonna say job of the hut with an ass like that
Some people are saying no
again
I'm uh, I'm a cosmic being so
I've had to widen my sexuality to include all shapes and sizes
And for me
This is like a beautiful center full. It's hard to talk to you right now. I'm so turnt by this pick
Honestly, I'm being a horny on main right now
Get it off the screen before I go crazy
Damn, this music's going crazy right now. Let me turn this down a little bit
That's a Kardashian level
Yeah, I mean that's an alias. I mean on their home planet
That's probably
You know breaking the internet as we speak the galactic internet is down thousands of worlds starving
The people cry out
without the galactic internet
We will starve the all of our societies are based on it, but no
But donka donk java the huts broke in the galactic internet killing billions
But it's just that hot
What the hell is this thing
it's
One of your favorite star wars characters
um
Snopes or something
I think this is the guy who checks on conspiracy theories
Snopes
If you go to snopes.com, this is the guy doing the research
I'm pretty sure this person doesn't fuck and it's not a comment on their looks. I actually think that they look stunning
I think they're sexy as hell, but unfortunately it's a clone
That need needs no fucking
reproduces scientifically
Through the power of science and just it does it has no need for sex
unfortunate because
I wouldn't kick him out of the slop chamber
Which is where you fucking space
So they don't fuck no fucking also, uh, barely existing in the in canon
Probably existing in some weird disney extended universe stuff, but uh almost fully abandoned
By the plot by the franchise
Cast aside like a shitty prop that they completely forgot to write a story for
It's snoke
aka snopes the website
Look at this guy
Damn son. Where'd you find this?
Uh, this is
This is david spade
Like a lot of the
Early 90s cast of snl
I get concerned when they pop up because some of their political opinions
Are not aging as well as
Our classic comedy sketches, but I don't really know what david uh david spade's up to
Um, so I'm gonna say dodge fuck
I'm gonna say it goes ahead and fucks until someone shows me a clip on on
X that I that makes me go. Oh really dank
You don't think cusco fucks you'll be surprised
And maybe we will be surprised. All right. Let's jump up a little bit
On the fucks list
A lot of great submissions this year. Thank you to everyone for submitting to the fucks list
It brings it makes all parts of me grow several sizes every year
Uh the the love and support that the fucks list gets
Uh without a contributions by all of you who knows if we'd even know who's fucking
Does the mario star fuck some people say shape. This isn't a living creature. I say it has eyes
If it has eyes and sees it has the potential to be sexual because it can see all of the beauty of the world
Does it fornicate with mario?
Every time it powers him up. Yes, that's actually how that works
Um, it's actually only in the original
NES manual that you can find that deep lore dive
Um that in order to become invincible
This star teleports mario to an alternate universe
Um where they make sweet love on top of a piranha plant
And then it teleports him back to reality where he's imbued with the power of their fornication making him invincible and ravenous
That's how that works
I didn't know and then I read the I just got that and the thing about how the all the bricks in the game are
Transformed denizens of the toadstool kingdom. Those are the two things in the original NES instructions for mario
Bullet bill so the star fucks, but does bullet bill fuck look at these look at this mouth
Look at these teeth
It's dangerous, but he does
he does he's actually
It's sort of a sexual birthing process for him. He's he's sort of the you know what actually he's the
He's actually nah, he doesn't fuck. I had to think about it. He's actually
Burrs through sex
But then instantly dies
those cannons
Inside of them are two guns having sex
In the mario cannons the things that fire bullet bills out
It's two guns having sex one in a hundred times
They'll give birth to another gun person that cannot that can then perpetuate the cycle of fucking
But 99 of the time it's sort of like a chicken laying unfertilized eggs. They just squirt out a bullet bill
and um
They're they're without genitals
They're fully sentient and in the time they live all they crave is death
And so they seek out anything to just be slammed into a very a very troubling
life life cycle for a bullet bill
Just born to die and they almost instantly do they crave it. They hunger for it and they find it
Bullet bill is actually a vibrator. That's the other take is just that bullet bill is a vibrator
Honestly, that's a lot more succinctly put Kenji
What the hell is this thing? I'm saying that with a lot of these because
A lot of them I'm I takes me a second
This is a corn man. This is a guy who's corn
Um, he's a corn guy
I don't know what else you want me to say
He's uh, we've got some weird teeth
Then he's a corn man
And he fucks
I don't have a lot to say about him. He just does
You know sort of a standard. He's got a girlfriend. They don't fuck too often. They fuck
um
Some of the magic is gone
Sometimes it feels a little routine
But sometimes they really reconnect and remember what made them fall in love
Uh
His girlfriend is actually a sentient butter knife
So there's a lot of tension there because
traditionally butter knife spread butter and then sometimes even shake the corn away
Not those two they're in love and they're making it work
And I respect it
Corn is all balls
Crudelator for vibrations. Absolutely
Can only pop his load once
But it's it's thousands of loads popping
And what's sexier than that some people would say most things or anything, but I say nothing
Okay, this is another easy one in cannon
I don't think pick a low fucks. I think they just kind of squirt each other out of the through like, uh
It's kind of have each other off and fart out another Namek
So it's like a
Starfish cutting off a limb and then another one grows. It's like a plant. Yeah, but this one does fuck just because he's hot
He doesn't need to it's not for reproduction. It's purely
To show that he can
With that bod
And he does
Not even sure he has genitals. He's just he's just making it work
Just doing what he has to do
Just to show just to show people how it's done
He has a son named gohan. So we must fuck
Yeah, I believe that I believe that gohan is actually this guy's son that gohan goku was willingly cucked earlier
I did put drip goku on the list
But I'm gonna say as far as I'm concerned it's canon that
Gohan's actually is good biologically and spiritually what's in the um
What's in the cuckuck cuck cuck cards for yugio?
Now here I'm in trouble because I don't know how old yugio is so I'm gonna go ahead and look that up really quick
You know, it's from a different dimension. So sometimes I lose track. How old is uh yugio
Also, how old is he in this picture though? He's about 16. Um, he doesn't purely for safety
I'm gonna say he doesn't look obviously. He's got a hell of a he's got a hell of a look on
The hair's on point the attitudes there
But we just gotta let him get a little older before I can put him on the fuck's list
Farrow fucks if the card he's holding is farrow then then we'll say that that in fact we'll say he's holding the farrow card
So we'll put that on the fuck's list, but the boy
Has to wait
And has to stay on the not fuck's list doesn't fuck
He does
Keep forgetting that I can do that
Also, I realize I have not thanked any of the subs, but we have gone up to 21
So if I didn't thank you when you did this
just don't
That it's only because I'm an idiot. Um
But microphone 900 for the 750 bitch. Thanks. Shevy loves you. Thanks for the gifted sub
Uh, bry westwood. Thank you for the cheer of one bit to put case in an early grave, which is what he deserves
Um, and and to daddy. Thank you for the gifted sub as well
Um, tamtran and matt ladow. Thank you for the tier one for 13 munch
Uh rjf for the 300 bitch. Thank you so much
And uh, I think that's all we got. I might have missed us. I might have missed. Let me check
The way this thing reveals subs is unfortunate. Oh shoot. We got a call for a joe rogan experience
I don't know how that's gonna look
He could do that at the end of the stream. We also got a demand for debate
Sorry, those particular stream alerts weren't on
I guess I could debate krum. He is here. Sure. I'll I will do both of those. I'll talk to I'll talk to joe rogan
Uh, well, can I talk to joe rogan?
Can I even really talk to joe rogan? Maybe we'll say we'll save joe rogan for monday
Just because it's a whole setup, but I will do a debate with krum
Uh, thank you so much for the sub from
shaka 4200
Sincerely appreciate it. I was just double-checking. I didn't miss any other so a cv loves you. That's where it is
cv loves you. Thank you for giving out five community subs
Uh back to back
dropping the fives
Sincerely appreciate it. Uh, sorry the the normal alerts are are so quiet today. I've been missing the card king
Thank you for the hundred bitch
As we populate this fuck fuck's list you're populating cases stream
With delicious dubbies and that does in fact fuck in fact in honor of all the support. We'll just go ahead and quickly type in
Boom all the creamies on the fuck's list official
slammed
on the fuck's list
Unless you don't want to be
So for the the few that would prefer not to be on the fuck's list. I'll I'll drag the creamies over here
But the rest of you you're on
Uh, thank you for the hundred bitch skimer. It looks like there's a little hype train going
Let's check in with the christmas hype train
And see how it's doing
As the hype train rolls into foxmustown
Aka hornville aka whoo-vill
Where these dirty hoos did not invite me to their foxmustown
Let's go over to the hype train
Oh, wow
I look different
These are my christmas colors
Joy to the hype
I am a train
for train
And feed me her
I'm a train
That's just crazy, um
filthy words and their who will orgy
Oh filthy hoos. Yeah, it's filthy that they didn't invite
Uh, travesty hype train. Are you going to destroy hogmill?
Hype train are you gonna destroy hogmill? What? I guess I actually got the foxmustrain
This particular version of the train does fuck. It's actually powered by sex
You don't know what song is playing foxmustrain
Oh, sorry. The foxmustrain is even lazier than the hype train
Um, it just kind of tries to say sex words
Over whatever slow jazz christmas song. I'm currently listening to
But I would I just all the way are saying thank you. It's not a good way of saying thank you
But it is it's the way I know how I'm a grunch
Oh, I know I'm getting I know I'm getting my horny wish on
Oh
Ironically, I actually don't think the foxmustrains ever had sex. It doesn't really get what it is
It's just powered by the idea of it
And that's it's christmas bird
Anyway, let's go back to this fox list, you know, and I don't look at the hoos in a second
What are those hoos?
Down in hornbill up to let's see
Just still rocking out without me
What's a cosmic sex entity got to do?
To get invited
To a sushi and orgy
I just don't understand. I'm not like the grinch. I don't I don't constantly try to
Show up unannounced and take their shit
I'm just up here being me and I just don't get it. I guess I come on too strong
Because I'm constantly saying I'm a master of sex
I'm powered by sex and blah blah blah sex. Maybe I'm just too one note
What do they know that I also um, what else do I like?
Oh, I used to I used to play with devil sticks
You guys remember those
Uh, you have like two kind of pom-pomi things and a stick in between and you could do cool tricks with them
Back in the back in the early 2000s. I had a pair of devil sticks
So that's kind of my last hobby
other than
hacky sack, yeah
And they're honking up a storm. I don't even know who's had cars. They're honking their asses off down there
Oh, well, maybe someday the one orgy I never get invited to is the one next door
Oh, well
Fox miss its
Christmas. Uh, let's do a couple more
We'll get to a debate
And then we'll wish you all a merry fox mission get out of here for the year
I haven't gotten through everyone on the list, but we've made a lot of progress. Let's see how much more we can make
That's not cars. Damn it
They're doing horn play and I'm not even there. That's fine
That's fine. I'll do me
I'll just keep doing me
all right
the 78 toyota
Selesa silica gts
Feel like I just heard some of those down there
Damn it. That's a sexy car
Oh boy
The kind of car you make a family to put in
It does fuck it fucks and then eventually it resents its family that it created by fucking
They're in the back seat. Just be an absolute little shit. You're like shut up. I'm taking you
Do you want to go to school or not? I don't want to go to school
You're like, well, I'm driving you either way
I just assume everybody yells at their kids in this car, but it does still fuck so it's on there
The car that fucks
On christmas. It's a miracle
You know, let's let's elevate our mood
Let's get some christmas beats going for the last the last leg of the fucksmas
Uh, the last leg of the fucksmas train. Oh, yeah, there's a lot of christmas beats
Now we're fucking
Uh, driving car kids would be weird. Oh a car that gives birth to other little cars. Yeah, that's what happens
Okay
This is music to fuckslist too
What else we got who's coming down the fucksmas shoot?
Oh, okay
Step it up
Oh
Okay, uh, it's jigsaw
Mostly murders
Just a little jigsaw fuck
I don't know
Can I say because it's a little puppet
That just kind of rides around on a kitsch tricycle
I'm gonna go ahead and drop it with
The dungeon fuck. Sorry, buddy
Maybe make a trap
That traps your genitals in a vice and see how it makes you feel unlock your sexuality is what I'm saying
What else we got
A bunch of oh the undertaker
Not just any undertaker prime undertaker
Just prime undertaker
Classic
Not too young not too old undertaker does does this undertaker fuck could also be older undertaker. But when he was dying his hair
A lot of versions of undertaker. He's the dead man. He's sort of
Like mark calloway does fuck
But does the undertaker fuck
Death comes for everyone you convince me card King you convince me fucks. He's on the fucks list. He made it. All right
Here's what I'm thinking
It's like required just a little bit of setup on my part
But I think we switch over and I and this music's inspiring me
I'm gonna burn through a bunch of these
With a classic
It's fairly low quality freestyle
Let me pop discord in here real quick. All right
Let us frickin go
Uh
That should do it
Move this over here
Make it a little bigger
Now we're talking I'm still in the free and we move me over a little bit
Nice
All right
Sick, let's do this. It's been a while since I've wrapped a year exactly
Uh, I'm probably a little rusty, but honestly the bar is pretty low anyway
So I should be able to just limbo right through it knocking the whole limbo bar over with these sick rhymes
Christmas crimes from a man the color of christmas slimes. Let's do it
Turn me up
lyrical
A lyrical fox miss
All right, let's do it. Let's go
I'm gonna go to the bottom of the list. That's a little too swirly for me. Okay
Ha ha
What the hell? All right
Grunts miss on the mic scoring own goals getting sexy like sylvia marpol
Making every grinchy part so damn swole. She fucks and we know that foul show
Moving on to a pair of legs. They looking fucking died, but do they have sags? No
These legs don't go on the fuck's list these legs of no show
Okay, getting swole. Yeah, it's looking kind of cool stepping up to the fuck's list paula abdu
Is she how she giving me nuts you better fucking believe paula do what fucks. Yeah
What the hell?
Here we go. What's this guy?
Um
It's the pictures so little whatever
All day long. Yeah, you know, we getting paid this guy looking hot grudge eight throwing shade
The question is does nick arcade get laid fuck? Yes
Best on the fucking list fucks for sure
Here we go
In the snow
No your role. Hmm
I got that care bear stare, but is he on the list? It's puffy bear
Well, sorry to let you know, but he got no genitals. He's getting that straight call. He ain't fucking foul show
He's on the dozen fuck list if you get my jizz. Sorry haters in the dust stay fucking pissed. Whoa
I lost the beat
But it rolled straight into another one
um
Hmm
Face looking like the rough side of harvey dent
Buddy's in his fucking fifth element on the fuck's list. He's an alien friend
I'm gonna bend them over and give him some
It doesn't actually rhyme with dick, but I would I would say I'd fuck him again. My taste is all over the place. Um
What the hell?
So many on the list. I should really go faster. Step it up now. It's jack and dexter. Okay
I ain't taking it back, but not on the list. It's your boy jack
Is jack the fucking animal?
Which one's jack and which one's dexter?
I need to know this actually
Um, is jack the animal jack is the kid. Okay, then I got it right jack doesn't fuck
But I'll tell you what in the bed. It's a fucking disaster best believe he fucks. Yeah, you know, I'm talking jackster
Uh-huh. He's the fucking master when he sees a fuck. Yeah, you know, he sacks her
Look at this guy with a weird face. Well, guess where I'm putting that a weird face
Get out all out in my genital place
He's on the fuck's list even if he looks like a disgrace. What the hell's going on with this man's head
It's spun all around and he should be dead. Well, he's on the fuck's list and there can be no doubt
How could he not he's got three weird mouths? Okay?
You might think that it's dumb and in the sack best believe that he's all thumb
But each thumb's fully opposed to make you come. He's on the fuck's list. No apology son
This fucking guy he's going down playing on piano. It's your boy clown
I don't know his deal, but let's be real. He don't fuck for real
This is a dino with a real long neck giving me the mother fucking ever best neck
He's I lost the beat again. It just fucking ended so suddenly
Jesus christ, there's a I was gonna say fucks because he's got a long-ass neck
And he's giving me he's given me good neck
Which I think is a sex term. Maybe it's head. Maybe I'm confusing neck neck and head
Yeah, anyway, just keep going. Oh look, we're covering some of the same crowd
Maybe I'll get through everyone by courtesy of the power of rhymes
Back on the mic with the master plan stepping up its edward scissor hands
I don't think he fucks because that ain't right. You got for the fucking penis
You know, you get sliced because it's not only his hands that are made of scissors
His whole penis will give her a twister
A twist it'll slice it should have sliced you up, honestly
Um
Head you got the gall
He's fucking cuz he got those space balls
And you know that this guy fuck the best
G4 reppin and he's putting fucks to test
Um man in black
This boy ain't fucking. Yeah, you know, he's wack. He might fill up your whole body with his insects shit
But at the end of the day, he don't lay bricks
Mommy give me just a little piece of that walley. I'm about to get all walley fucking balley
Gonna meet this boy under the holly. You know, he basically actually is a sex god
The only robot that fucks an iPod
Meanwhile, if you ain't ready to bust, you better stay a mile away from snuffle up a gust because best belief
He dunks meaning that he fucking gets nasty with the trunk put him on the list
Sick
He's an elephant
That fucks bitch. This is
A mucus
This doesn't fuck. I don't know. I was sorry. I got this. I forgot that this existed and then I remember all what
Oh my god, you know, it goes hardest on the fucks list and that's the planet mars me while
I'm about to go down to the house to fuck jojo
Talking the fucking the the the monkey with the big brain from powerpuff girls
I'm saying that that that that fucks
The beats switching up on me again
This will be the last after this beat and we'll stop we'll stop rapping about fucking for
for the day
Let's go in
Look at these hot honestly, this is the hottest version of four. Oh, I don't care
Uh
Say it with your chest, baby. Say it with pride. This four sucks. No matter the size
He's getting big. You know how he live fucking so hard. He's got a thousand god kids
Whoa, this
What and what is this called?
Falcor oh
I mean, let's be real. Come on
Riding on this baby that you know is a score
Long as dino thing is falcor name so easy that he fucks for sure
Name is basically i fuck more. This guy used to be financial
Uh, but was it substantial?
He's giving you a heart, but sorry mother fuck a fucking with a question mark. He's off the list
He ain't bricked moving along to this cat. That's the shit looking fine as hell
goat
Fucking fly in a red coat
um
Fival goes west
Putting five was pussy to the test
Fuckin five will the best he fucks five will even better than the rest. Um, it's the wb frog
Aka that best fucking fuck god. He's on the fucks list
raw
Fuckin with the frog rod
Yes, look wait, what's this? Oh no, that's oh, that's elford. Okay, damn
I mean look at this
I mean obviously everybody's been on the fucks list, but still
Um check, please. I see this guy and I've got the need
Better than bat. He's the best elford. Of course make in the fuck list. Oh
No fail. I ain't discriminating against the whales
I hear them fucking singing in the sea
Brennan frazier on the fucks list easily me while
All through the night
Looking at the sky praying for the twilight
Pussy looking tight
Edward you're fucking me right. All right. I said I'd be done and he's on the fucks list and he's the last one
He's the the the twilight boys made the fucks list. Sorry haters
um
But you can't deny the raw sensuality of these boys
They were they were of age
They were of age
Adult boys
Team jacob. All right
That's um, that's this year's fucks list. We had to go a little faster at the end. We still missed a ton
Because there were so many
Um
anyway
I said we do a debate to round out the stream
And I said I would debate crumb
So I will
Let's throw it over to him. He's still standing by
There's no getting rid of him. He's uh, he's like a sickness
That has no cure. Uh, that's how he was pitched to me and I agree
Let's send it over
Uh to to our whoville remote remote studio
Where crumb is standing by one second. It's me. I'm back again
Um, okay, I kept up the parking lot. I did not
I did not camp out anywhere. I just it's a bigger room. This is just where the camera's showing up
It's sort of a whole christmas vibe we've got going on. Honestly, one of the nicer things case is done
Uh for the bin the bin studio
What'd you see?
What'd you see?
I'll tell you what they saw motherfucker
You try to run out on me
Guess who's back back again
Munch is back. Tell your motherfucking friends that you cannot
Beat me
Oh
How come your how come you got invited to the actual grunge cave because because i'm a fucking stonk-o player obviously
Who do you you thought you thought I wouldn't you thought I wouldn't find you?
Look, I I quit. I have nothing to shade you
I have nothing to shade you
um
Nothing it's fucks me. You got nothing to say to me. You don't feel like you owe me an apology for running out on me
Um, I mean, I'm sure that the show was basically impossible to do without me. It was easier than ever
Easier than ever. I crushed
So easily so simply
Um, the new host is incredibly is probably even better than you
I'm simply upset
By the by the sheer audacity to think that you can breach your contract
Walk away from the show that I created. She this this is exactly what I mean
Um, you're not you you constantly say i'm not man enough to to not apologize
Well, you're not man enough to apologize. Maybe if you simply would just admit that I contribute anything to the show
Um, or ask for me back and and not say that you're kidding
Maybe you could just take one tiny little step towards being a decent person who respects other people that I would consider coming back
Huh, what about that?
No
If they hug the radioactive ions will meet and they'll destroy us all
I mean, that's true
Uh, we you're basically made of antimatter and I'm made of whatever the good type of matter is
And those two things can't occupy the same space. I'm not trying to destroy the whole grunge cave
By reconciling with this man. Also, we're in different spaces. We can't we can't touch and I don't want to
I mean what I'm asking for is very simple
You know, I once had to be I once had to do a heartfelt apology
I do apologize for being myself once during the 24 hour stream
And I I'm not afraid to get in touch with my own failures
Uh and my own shortsightedness on a cage because I consider that growth munch
Why don't you try a little why don't you try a little growth for once you should have all these no gross
What are you talking about? All right, how about this? I'll put it on the line
a debate
should
I apologize
Should I apologize to crumb if I lose
Yeah, no problem. You'll do what if I lose
Okay, I mean I heard you you said if you lose I'd apologize, correct? Yeah
Um, crumbers the one who should apologize
Exactly. In fact, that's who should apologize. That's what we should actually debate
Who should apologize me or crumb and if I lose
Oh shoot. It's already up should much apologize case didn't set up the polls correctly. Fuck
I want a second. Okay. Well look, um, where's our fucking debate music goddamn it
Shit, we don't even have the fucking debate music good to go just a second folks. Um
Oh, no, the the poll's already fucking winding down. Where's my goddamn stop this christmas bullshit play my fucking debate music
Goddamn it. Um
There it is. All right, look, uh
I didn't do anything wrong. All I do is entertain the people
All I do is speak for the people and some people who ain't really representing the people can't handle that
They got to come for the crown even though they've never earned it for a second in their life
And their stupid fucking head couldn't even fit a crown if they could fit it around it
I have nothing to apologize for I never have an a never will
Some people are haters who just don't understand success and thus they hate it
And some people can't handle the power of the sun. That's why they're creatures of the night. They're basically the fucking vampires
Um
From the second blade who have the weird vagina faces and that's crumb and look we can understand that about him
And if he's the bigger person, I think he'll understand that what he needs to do is supplement himself to me
Um, absolutely crawl back begging for forgiveness. And maybe I will consider letting him back on to the show for just a second
Okay, that's uh, how's that?
Shoot one second
Crumb, did you fucking run away? Did you run away from this?
I didn't run away from anything. She was cutting me. Um
Submit himself
The only thing I'm submitting myself to
Is the fact that I'm taken for granted that I'm regularly verbally abused for no reason purely for
Fulfilling my contract on the show
And for trying to add any voice of reason to the absolute insane
Diatribe that pour out of your mouth like rancid sewage from an industrial company producing waste and rotting the oceans
You are a blemish upon the planet and the fact that I
That I ordained to put up with it from a frankly my vastly
Superior immoral position is a miracle. Uh, and the only thing that makes cases stream worth watching
If anything I provide 90 percent of the value and frankly everyone agrees and they say uh that you should apologize
The people are demanding it. They say apologize right now
And you said you would um
Show
Should much apologize. Yes
Really people this this doesn't count by the way, this is a christmas debate. It doesn't count towards our score
Well, can your can your little heart
Grow 0.01 percent size that would mean it's shrinking mathematically
Can your grow heart grow 100.1 percent this holiday season?
Hey, can you show me the base amount of respect of saying sorry
For hurting your feelings. How about that?
You've hurt my feelings a number of times and i'm simply tired of it. I'm here in green makeup
I agree
straight
Did you just strike an accord with someone who could be a friend instead of an enemy?
If you can't even give me that
Jesus christ
You see what I put up. Do y'all see what I put up with I look way better in green by the way
I look so much better in green. It's crazy. So you're just gonna resh in you're not gonna apologize
I said I'd do a thing. I'll do the thing
I'd do the things I say I'll do
Everything has feelings. Some people believe that even plants have feelings
Maybe even rocks
have feelings
um
and
As a as an enlightened
Being of
Of the cosmos I suppose
You know in a sense
to apologize
For the inequities of the world
Is but to recognize one's own strength
And say sorry little flower. I know you can't defend yourself
Because you're flower
Or maybe you're just some shitty grass that nobody likes, but I guess stepping on you is still a form of damage
and
In that sense, I guess even crumb
Has
feelings
Are we gonna be here all night and much like the shitty grass that you walk on
When you like go to a
When you lay at the when you go to your friend's farm or something and he makes you park in a field and you walk on the shitty grass and
Kind of break it up with your feet
Just to get where you're going because you're busy and you're visiting your friend at his farm. What are you talking about? I'm
Sorry to the grass
That I crushed beneath my powerful boots
And to just
I'm sorry crumb watch that
I'm sorry crumb
Sorry
How you feel when walking to the farm. I'm fucking sorry. Will you come back? Okay
Wow, it's a christmas miracle
Beautiful, it's beautiful. You didn't even play the right type of music. You played like
Christmas hot whatever man. It's fine. I knew
I knew deep down you like me. I don't like you at all
It's just um, we don't want to have to update the graphics. We learned that your replacement's name is scrum
Oh, really? He said it was crumb. Oh, you hired it. Well, I shouldn't imagine replacement
um
How'd you guys get along bad? He doesn't the new obviously, but okay. He's better. Do you want me back?
Let's just keep it simple come back and do the show. I'll come back and I'll
I'll do the show
Oh
Mary Mary
Mary munch miss
I don't like it when you say that
About mary crumbs. I like that even less. Okay, then mary grunch miss mary grunch miss whatever that is
Whatever this thing that case does apparently once a year is um
great and
A goodwill towards men and hey munch. I think there might be a chance for you yet. I don't need a fucking chance
I don't I don't need anything
that's
I just to me
Emotions are easy and I conquered buying and it was a win today was a win for me
and
Can't believe this went so long me either. Can we end this shit? Can we can I go fucking take a shower?
This stuff is making me feel irradiated. The contrast on me is crazy and I don't
I don't need to be seen in the kind of makeup that case was wearing at the start of the stream again
Again, it was green for the record. Even what case was wearing was green
Just for the record
Okay, I'm I'm leaving. I'm out of here. I'll see you at work
I guess actually case kept streaming until Wednesday, but but we'll be back before Christmas rolls out
For one more barely informed news secretly the munch show
Also featuring apparently crumb. Uh, yeah, I well the munch and crumb show featuring both of us
And
Okay, um, well great work everybody. Let me get my holiday hat back on my holiday glasses
Um, it's a Christmas miracle the power of friendship can't be denied and even though
I have a weird Christmas hat that phases in and out of existence
Um, I've never been happier to be on one in case of streams and I out and thank you to the grunge
um
Well, I don't know what the deal with that was I don't watch the other stuff on this network
And uh, it was pretty weird
Pretty weird watching you two grown men do that
But that's fine. Uh, let's go back to the grunge mish cave and say good. Good. Bye for the night
okay
That's another fox mission the can
Uh, and and hey not and after fox mission not that kind of can
Very weird indeed. Uh, what a very weird night just how I like it
um filled with
I don't know we made a list
We made this list
Uh, not that discord. We made this equally weird list
And uh, and I'm proud of it. I'm proud of it every year. I'm doing important work
Um, no one else is willing to make the fox list
No one else has the has the skills to actually say it that way to make the fox list and uh
And you know, maybe and some people say you're just a horny man painted green
Yelling about sex for three hours. I say you don't get Christmas
You don't get grunge miss and you certainly don't get fox miss but you all do
And that's why we do it
For each and every one of you proudly on the fox list
Merry grunge miss to all and to all of fox night. Let's find someone
to raid
Which is a thing I don't get but let's raid re re
And and wish her a merry grunge miss
Fox miss is too aggressive. So let's wish her a merry grunge miss
Uh re re
Fuck maz. No, that'll that'll get you in trouble. Don't do that
Guys, thanks for tuning in for this weird thing that we've now officially made a tradition. It can only get
Better from here
We'll see you next um sometime before christmas
I'll be hibernating
I wake up for a week every year just to fuck and then I top it off with fox miss after this
I actually technically die
um
For the rest of the year. I my body goes cold. I show no signs of life
I stink like a corpse, but then right before christmas
With a tremendous agonized scream. I ah i'm burned back into consciousness with an insatiable will to fuck
That's how it works to be a grunge and I just wanted to leave you with that beautiful christmas sentiment
Just the image of me
Of a corpse regaining. It's uh, it's it's very essence and immediately desiring sex
All right, I love grunge miss. I love christmas too. Heck, even if I'm a grinchy grunchy thing
I still love christmas. I love each and every one of you even in a non-sexual way because I'm the grunge
It's still a little sexual
Um, it's my only thing
It's all I've got
What's what's that?
My phone
Oh my god. I'm being invited to the orgy. Bye everyone. It's a christmas miracle. I'm going to the orgy. Bye
I hope they believe that I got invited to the orgy really. I didn't but fortunately I rated so the stream's over
Merry christmas