Not cases brother said hey, oh, I just wanted to say that I'm so excited for the munch punch
The right guy wanted will be great to see that sack of crap crumb get killed by a grower
Gonna get you food
Guys, it's the perfect start to the stream
Kendall needs food
What was you like she doesn't know Thai food
Italian food
Italian I knew it a
Soft pretzel. I might not be quite right thing. I gotta look at my hair sometime string today. What's that?
She doesn't like soft pretzels
Okay, let's see
Like there's stuff inside them. Oh, I think of all soft pretzels is being huge
To me, they're all huge
Hmm
Okay, how about this place guys Kendall has a lot of work today. She needs to pick me up
So figure it out chat make her feel better for me
Pretzel crust pizza from Little Caesars
That didn't make her feel better
The glory of pasta
In and out in and out could do it
But she needs it now and I just started this stream
Yeah
Gorilla punch day it is gorilla punch day the fact we're going to war won't stop me for being happy about gorilla punch day I
Do feel like maybe it's not the most appropriate time for gorilla punch day, but
What though they don't
Can this gorilla punch come in the form of a donkey punch
No
Hey, I'm again. I'm anti gorilla punch. I've gone on the record is I think their whole thing those two are doing is unnecessary
Everyone is baying for blood as chat already pointed out someone in chat is picking up the vibe
And that's true
I don't think so we can do a different place though
There's like bundled orders now on postmates where they like stop at a 7-eleven and get drinks. I know it seems super unnecessary
Oh a Pope pito blessing we can do one. Yeah, and I can add that as a redemption
That was me trying trying to do like a bobble and
Choking it back, but it didn't come out right the streets have been requested. I'm sorry that you're having a stressful one
We're gonna do a quick stream today too
Gonna be a little shorter
This is the brightest I've ever done my nails in life
And I thought I could do something fun
For my birthday month, but I might have to go like
Super freakin nude next month the nudist of nail the nudist of all nails
We're loading up the streets today
Streets are real good to see everybody the lady side tricks
Bonsai bullfrog daddless s1000 mr. Whoopie boo boo and to daddy
propaganda Greg to you
Gunshade with already filling up the streets skymer s1000 live in sleazy subreaching might be kicking around in here somewhere too late
A lady side tricks in case I said it twice. It still feels just as nice Ray Silva
Bye
Streets will be after crumbs death
Okay
But I'm the one who can send it gunshade so what'll you do if it's before now?
We'll do the we'll do some news and then we'll just go straight to crump bunch and crumb
We also have to do therapy at some point today
So we'll see
Cycord thank you so much for the eight
Raid the raid eight
Those are two words I realized not gonna combine
Great great great, okay, I think we're all good to go today
The green screen is back. I mean our special camera
Gorilla's bloodlust must be sated whose bloodlust even is it really?
That's my question whose bloodlust are we even dealing with here Marcel take a great to see you
Okay, let's do a little bit of news
There's no shortage of things to talk about but I think because we have limited time and frankly the news is so
Generally
Worry some will do just a news roundup of all the shared stories
Plus I guess a couple war stories are almost certainly in there
We'll just see what's going on today
Either way it's news time
Listen, I know the world's kind of like whatever it's crazy or something right now
Everybody's always saying that what if I've been crazy dude? Maybe this is just my world
AKA your world aka the big cheddarverse
Welcome to it. I'm fucking
Yeah, oh god, we're teleporting
What the fuck is happening with this parallaxing reality god damn it. I don't know what happened there
Feel like I saw into eight multiverses at once
And maybe in one of them everything's chill as hell. Oh, we also need a poppito blessing today case
Why don't we save that for after whatever's going on with this
Gorilla fighting ring that you've started. I don't think it'll be much of a fight if it comes to that
Which I guess it already has
Listen, we're not in a world unfortunately where peace is on the table
For some reason it's just not so we have to accept that and embrace
Violence in all of its forms that sounds really awful chat. I know
We'll crumb try to bargain with the gorilla
Good luck. We don't bargain and this nation doesn't bargain. We're not this nation chat. We're just a twitch stream
Yeah, but i'm trying to rep rep my nation
This is gonna sort of go where the wind blows me and right now it's blowing in a pretty violent direction
Crumb has an iron head. You sure about this
Maybe the gorilla explodes
Uh, crumb looks really soft to me. Yeah, but sometimes the softest looking things are the hardest just ask the my pillow guy
Because he thought I think he thought crack was soft. No, he made a pillow. Oh, yeah
The streets asked for is going to be awkward
after the punch
Well now I have one vote for four and one vote after the punch
So I don't know what to do and we also don't know how this punch is gonna go
I think we chat you're being a very doomer
violence pilled
Aka the pill that we're all about to take
But we don't know we don't know the future
chat
So
Maybe there'll be some diplomacy in action
A republican is in charge and we are going to war shocking
Courtesy of my views on gods. I feel like we've already been involved in a
Calling it a war at this point would be a stretch
but um
You know insane violence over the last two years
This is an escalation that makes it even worse though. So
Yes
Congrats case says correct
Uh um
What are we talking about today chat bring that camera over to me, please
I have some swap some photos
I'm gonna try something new today with these news roundups where I don't open all the stories instead. I open these stories one at
time
And see how they treat us
Uh, we'll start off with this fucking bummer news that case loves to load your asses up with
Uh, wait
You didn't put all the news in the right spot dude. You're blowing it today
You are freaking blowing it today
Okay
Do do do do do do
Do do do do do
I'm excited honestly. I'm excited to see what happens
I've never seen a man punch by a gorilla and I've always wondered of the physics of how it works due to my interest in disguises
So I'll be curious to see how this goes
What if the gorilla is weaker than we expect and it is actually man that is twice as strong
Sounds unlikely to me
Well, does this sound unlikely to you trump dismisses us spy agency's assessment on arans nuclear program
Tulsi gabard left no doubt when she testified to congress about arans nuclear program earlier this year
The country was not building a nuclear weapon. The national intelligence director director told lawmakers
And then they did and that was the end of the story
That was the end of the story. Oh should I I guess I could keep reading the story
But that's surely the end of the story the country was not building a nuclear weapon is what she said and its supreme leader had not
Reauthorized the dormant program
But president donald trump dismissed the assessment of us spy agencies during an overnight flight back to washington
As he cut short his trip to the group of seven summits everyone's favorite number the magnificent seven
and the magnificent loco puppet
Another magnificent number 30, which is the months. I'm doing all sorts of math today. That's just reading numbers math
I don't care what she said trump told reporters in his view aran was very close to having a nuclear bomb
And that's the right you earn as a president your view
The only view that matters and mine
And all the people I like and that's america
You're the man jet to zackypoo. Thank you zackypoo. I'm gonna wait and to hear that for too long today. I've heard it before
Math is numbers. Yes, everyone is getting it
Look, I'm in favor of pays, but this is not a peaceful time
And thus we must roll into the punches. I think is the same
Head first regardless of the facts of the situation
Because it'd be irresponsible not to do whatever
You know chat. I'd say you sound like an idiot. Okay mean start, but that is
Pretty much what's happening
So
He doesn't get that attention from his children the ones he can't remember their names
That's the other thing is it is so nice to have a president that's not undergoing
Clear and obvious mental decline. Oh, is that what's happening? Yeah, right?
He's got a totally normal brain and that's why every time he talks it makes sense
I've been you know reading up on the current situation a little bit more and
Part of me does feel like
I mean, I think we I think we could easily go to be going to a war with around with any president
Be they democratic or republican unfortunately
But trump being in charge. I do feel like his hypercharged the situation because I'm not sure he can remember
anything
from like
A day ago and I he's not declined in the same way biden is like he can still form words and he still kind of sounds
Trumpy in the classic way, but
just from like all the talk of
Maybe trump knew that or he he did know that he was negotiating with Iran under false pretenses
And it was like a trap part of me is just like
He probably just thought he was negotiating with Iran and forgot about the trap
And then when someone else was like they need to be bombed. He's like, oh, yeah, that's what I thought before
I think at this point
He just kind of is going with whatever people in the room tell him and the people in the room
Definitely want war with Iran. So it's a pretty bad situation
But maybe you can save us jd vance
Come on case own up to this if you're so pro-peace put your money where your jd vance faces
What do you think I can do
That's why vice presidents aren't respected because of the way you're talking right now jd vance
You know that i'm case and I know that case is jd vance. So
I that's why i'm so confused by why you're complaining
He chooses all the best people to undermine
Yes, and the worst people to listen to
Uh, we tricked Iran into thinking we were going to negotiate and then let another country bomb them
Yes with it turns out our bombs. Oh, that was another thing is we did
Say that they were using our equipment, but we also said we're not involved
so
It's like when you let someone borrow a pie
Plate
10 whatever and then they make a pie you don't like
Because you're not responsible. It's because you let them borrow some cooking ware or
Inter ballistic missiles
Intercontinental
Trump has always had a third grade vocab so hard to tell the difference. Uh hard to tell about decline
Yeah, you're making a lot of assumptions about what he does and does not remember we just we watched a clip yesterday where he was talking about
negotiations
And it was so garbled and nuts and that's how he kind of always talks and I do feel like it's gotten worse in 2016 but
You know, I'm I'm hyper sensitive to dementia watch because I'm prepping for it myself
So maybe I'm reaching but
I don't think I am you're always reaching
For that brass ring of dementia
What?
Sorry, is that not a positive thing? No, I just I think it makes you a statesman at this point
Look, that's what's going on in the world of what case calls
The stories he clicks on on the ap and right routers
routers
You should really learn to say that by now, but I never wheel case
But what about the stories that chat shared?
What about them case? Where is your bleeding heart for all the stories you haven't clicked on?
You can click on them. Okay, because they're going to be fun
R. Kelly hospitalized after prison overdose a legend murder plot
But that's he's got that coming I guess right so that's we can have fun with that
Uh, he I mean he seems like he's been up to some pretty horrific things in his life
But I don't know if I'm getting murdered in prison necessarily makes up for it
But maybe lawyers of R. Kelly are alleging the singer overdose last week on medication given to him by prison staff
The ignition singer that's what we're still going with as is epitaph apparently in a june 17 filing obtained by usa today claims that
After being placed in solitary confinement staff provided him an overdose quantity of medication
But he's also notorious like after party guys, so maybe he was just
Taking it down to the after party this time not in the hotel lobby in a much smaller lobby with only room for one
Not trapped in the closet indeed trapped in the smaller than a closet
prison piss cake, I think it was
Arguably better or worse than that. I'm not sure. Well, anyway, we don't have to care about people after they do terrible things
So I don't
Well, you could still
It's not that you have to care. It's just that his suffering doesn't really make up for the suffering he caused
I don't know. You don't know exactly doctors find they can detect cancer in blood years before
diagnosis
Three years earlier provides time for intervention
Detect cancer in blood
I thought it was in your like balls or brain
What do you think cancer is stuff that fucks up your balls and brain that can do other parts too even the blood
Yeah
Fuck
Researchers at john hopkins university have discovered that cancer can be detected in the bloodstream of three
A full three years before it's spotted by doctors or an official diagnosis
As detailed in a partially government funded study published in the journal of cancer discovery
Last month the team found that the genetic material being shed by cancer tumours
Can show up in the blued stream far earlier than previously thought
Are you gonna make this story depressing case? No, I think that's good
Yeah, right
Okay
Then what about this captain hater?
Ron Reynolds. I eat poop movie announced director revealed
Go on don't mind if I do
I eat poop a dung beetle story is a popular children's book by mark pet
Polition 2021 it tells the story of an insect who learns to stand up for himself after being bullied
For being the loathsome fucking dung eater of the insect kingdom
Can we look up a picture of this book I eat poop children's book
Oh
Yeah
Yeah, look at this
Does he did they show him eating poop?
Look at him eating poop. I don't know if we can actually show this children's book on stream. It might be too intense
Of what this should be a watch along propaganda this should this is this is like are you sure you're not producing this movie case?
Because it feels right up your asshole
That's your butt alley. You know, maybe it's a heartwarming story
It's not so crazy to eat poop if you're a bug
Felt like you weren't saying it just for bugs. I'm only saying it for bugs. Not crazy if you're a bug
hmm
Doctors deliver stunning verdict on mystery elixir joe rogan and rfk swear
Reversize aging
Okay, I see a couple ads in here
Maybe one of them's for this elixir. Is this story just a
Just a big ad for you. This is a lot of ads
I don't think there's a story. I think it was just a headline followed by hyperlinks
anyway
It's a mystery because we'll never know
All right, fine. Let me let me try one other thing
Geez they make it hard to read nowadays
Looked on phonics more like I hate reading
What I'm not good at this stuff, man. I didn't I'm not even that good at reading. I know it
And I blame the school system and also being denied this miracle elixir from joe rogan
Fuck I have to subscribe to continue reading. Well, we'll never know they price locked the cure to everything
There are a lot of conspiracy theorists who believe that so
Okay, I guess we'll just move along
Looked on chronic worked for live and sleazy. I should have done that
Lookin she fin out and having deep ass thoughts
But unfortunately smoking weed makes my ass turn purple. I don't know why
I don't think weed can do that. You don't even fucking know me, man
You don't know me
A lot of these stories are refusing to load. So we're just gonna count that as
Intervention from god and and just move on
Grammys move goalposts in response to Beyonce's win
According to the recording academy suspicious timing exposes
Sorry, the recording academy suspicious timing exposes uncomfortable truths about gatekeeping and representation
In the musak industry sometimes the most revealing moments. Well, what they do the record the recording academy's announcement of a new best
Traditional country album category coupled with renaming the existing best country album to best contemporary country album
might seem like administrative housekeeping
but
I guess they're calling it racist because everything is
Well, what else would that mean? Why separate the?
Country line down the middle
Who eats poop bunch of crumb but they are both saying crumb eats poop
That's fairly a debate. That's just a win for munch. That kind of is just a win for munch
How sad for crumb?
It's a sad day for crumb
It might be might really be
Yeah, I couldn't I can see the argument for why there
Uh, this might feel a little racially motivated
No, this
It's like your correspondent Morgan Wayland. It's a different Morgan Wayland actually
But he he won't be in this because his music it's like how whenever countries pop they don't count it
In the country awards, but they do they they will I bet they'll continue to
If this is like the little nozzak's Beyonce category, basically
Separate but awesome
Does that sound good shut saying that out loud? I could see how maybe that's a little bit racist
All right
Speaking of music
Did he no, that's the worst transition ever
Uh
Don't be too sad case black male juror in diddy trial dismissed over inconsistencies in state where he lives
The juror said he spent a week in uh his Bronx apartment in weekends with his daughter
Which he didn't he didn't make that clear and that's probably the biggest problem with this trial
He's the most guilty one
I I know some people are following this trial every day. There's like, um
content creators
Only watching and talking about this. I have sort of just
Remained blissfully ignorant of all of it
I'll catch up with it whenever there's
Uh
An actual verdict
Oh, see it's making me sick even just thinking about it. He's so sensitive
Folks, he's so sensitive
Okay ads it hates ads
This is a feel-good story for all of us
In two years. Yeah case is not checking in with this for two years
I would be totally fine for the record to not check in with this story for two years
There's a hulu show that recreates the trial weekly
Wait with actors
Propaganda did they did they do dramatic reenactments every week because I might immediately have to take back what I just said
That does sound pretty good
It's like our man Joey Chestnut revealing concession in return to Nathan's hot dog contest
What's the concession Joey? What did they make you do?
Joey Chestnut is set to return to his rightful place on July 4th
It doesn't feel right. It almost doesn't feel real yet Joey Chestnut 41 told USA Today
I was preparing for the worst, but we were able to work it out
But what did it take with the 2025 contest less than three weeks away?
Joey Chestnut said he has agreed to endorse only Nathan's hot dogs as part of a three-year contract
So they got what they wanted big hot dog wins again
I guess the most impossible hot dog was freedom
You're not wrong
It's pretty sad very sad stuff. I'm pissed and upset and on the verge of tears
Never fight the big hot dog. This is that's the lesson people are unfortunately going to take from this and only by sticking together
Can we big hot dog?
not the
Very well said chat. Thank you. Here's the president
Ooh, that is him
Trump mobile president's company unveils wireless service delivered via AT&T Verizon t-mobile
Period plans to launch a us made sleek gold android smartphone
Trump mobile
I heard about this
I want sometimes I wonder is this just a payoff or is this like a are this is a money laundering operation for the president?
I guess everything kind of is
Whatever he wants to be is
But then I'm like, I guess there's people that will actually
There's millions of people that will potentially be interested in this
So and I guess that makes it a business
We're all a part of his laundry now. We are all his laundry service
President Trump and his family are getting into the wireless business
The Trump organization on monday announced Trump mobile
Which will offer 5g services and an unlimited plan via an unlimited plan that is priced at only around 50 bucks per month
The new venture joins the lineup of the company's other businesses which span luxury hotels golf clubs casinos
And the biggest business of all being president. It's very lucrative. It turns out but just to clarify things
I believe donald trump said he's not involved
Uh, let me just see if I can find that
I believe he gave a statement because I'm sure you're all worried, but what if I told you
don't
um
I'm looking for I'm just searching for trump. Trump mobile is going to change the game. Donald trump jr
said we're building on movements to put america first and first in line in the
queue of
calls
Is good
In what world do we need
A trump branded
Cell phone service. This is just celebrity marketing at its best pretty soon all the hottest celebs are going to have their own specific cell phone networks
Kylie Jenner cell phone plan
five gordon levit
Like 5g
But his name starts with g
kevin spacey
email
Why kevin spacey he's got to come back somehow they kicked him out of doing acting
Uh, what did he say?
This is a long ass story
Ahead of monday's announcement the trump organization said on june 16th donald trump jr and eric trump will return to the iconic trump tower to celebrate their 10th anniversary
Okay, that's just a press release basically
The Incredibles 3 is also coming out I guess
Uh, wait trump says not involved in trump. Maybe he didn't say this
That'd be even
better
Oh, trump jr said it trump jr said
Here's the quote actually
My father's not involved in any way
In any of these things
He told news nation now eric trump and iu know we're running the trump organization
They're running it's theirs. They built it from the ground
Up the ground starting right at the tip of their daddy's head
Which we don't even know where that is it could be low it could be high
We've never seen the top of it. You can kind of see the top of it pretty much every time if you just look carefully
Yeah, donald trump isn't involved in trump mobile
Well, what are they supposed to call it trump jr mobile?
Eric mobile that sucks ass and we all know it but there's more trumps than just the one
In fact, there's the god king baron trump. That's probably who people think it's gonna be
Because we're just waiting for that tall drink of water to take over the planet
Zersey's I welcome you
Allow me to pay homage to you. I will be the little I'll be the hunchback guy. I'll do whatever you need
That's me talking to you baron
What if he just keeps getting taller and thinner until he's just a space elevator?
I've never thought of it that way case me either actually me either
That's why imagination is so beautiful. Yes indeed
Okay, let's do a couple more and then I think we have a gotta kill or something
Variety shut up. I'll never let you do ads after singing star spangled banner at spanish dodgers game in spite of being worn
Not too nezzatier fully says today of all days. I needed to do it
Oh, they told her don't be spanish. Hey, this country is english
Definitely not lots of spanish-speaking people here. Don't do it
Um good for her if I had time I'd make us all listen to I will make us all listen to it because there's a tick tock
Rebellion a couple people looking pissed
Other people looking teary-eyed
I mean, I just cry anytime I hear an anthem. It's unfortunate. I even cry
For weird anthems like swazilands and stuff. They're just always so beautiful
Nothing wrong with crying at the swaziland anthem
Swaziland anthem kind of sounds cooler actually than the national than the american national anthem
Can't even tell what language that was it's because she was too emotional
Due to all of the power being unleashed
Okay, let's we're gonna click on one more. I'm scrolling all around
There was also a full-on double homicide from that guy who was caught
but
Maybe we don't talk about that one case for once
Okay, but only because you asked threateningly. Thank you
Uh, I'm trying to find a non-sad story to click on it's prince williams friend son jacob or dies. Okay, that's probably
I'm assuming that said
A t uk teen's parents sent him to gana that could be fun. It's like a vacation
Um
Oh candles here, that's fun
Shit, who's that walking over here?
That candle fucking lends julia has your organ
Let me see what she's here 11 minutes
Kendall stressed
Oh
It's gonna be okay candle
It's me chet. Oh
Yeah, candle see even chat thinks it's gonna be okay. It's the day after your birthday
Kendall wherever you go don't get close to chat. That's so mean
But I've heard that before and I do produce various powerful odors that not everyone can handle
Bye, uh, I will go grab the food
shortly
We'll wait to do the crumb thing until
after I get the food
Why because you want to fucking saddle up to the bar and have a snack
While a man fights for his life against nature's most powerful gorilla
Uh, put a lad bible story in there. Oh, okay. Thanks. Life in sleazy has our back
For a non depressing story for you chat
I would have gone with a depressing story personally. We all know that case
A woman takes viral limitless pill used by celebrities explained, uh concerning toilet side effect
This is is this the joe rogan pill that we couldn't
Learn about in that previous price lock story. I choose to believe it is and that's the most powerful choice of all
I believe what you will
It is says live in sleazy. Thank you live sleazy for the facts as always
This is the limitless pill we were too
Un we were too limited to know about
Hugh Keeler says I thought it was uh that chet is so manly he can impregnate women up to 10 feet away
That's what I meant by the smell you can
You can inseminate a woman with your smell. Sorry
I would be worried if I believed you chet. Don't believe you won't believe it till it's too late for you case and you're nine months pregnant
With
A baby that lives in your chest alien style
That makes you some kind of inhuman
Or it's the most human
A chet manscape chest baby
That's not that's not skipping chest day. Good night everybody. I'm fucking done. We're still in the middle of the story. Okay
Uh tiktok or bio hacked bell said she has so much energy and feels lighter and happier uh for taking
Methylene blue. I gotta look this up after we read whatever is making her poop weird
Claiming it boosts brain power and lifts her mood
However, she explained in a tiktok video
Which they better be fucking hyperlinking and not linking to their own stories. They did hyperlink it
So I let's go to the source here
Thanks when I first started taking methylene blue
The first mistake was I went in hardcore and took 10 drops straight away in water
Back of the back of the throat down the hatch wheel much drops. Yeah, it wasn't good. It wasn't it wasn't great
I ended up feeling really nauseous and sick
It just put me off my food. I didn't feel glorious. I was expected to feel this glorious feeling
I was like what's going on this isn't right
Did the opposite of what it's supposed to do
I went back did some more research and found out that I was
Went in too heavy
You need to start very slowly. So I started with two drops in water
Um, and I was absolutely fine. I'm now built up to 10 drops and it's amazing
I feel glorious and that's all I can say on that
Um, the second mistake that I made was I was advised by someone to take it with a
Sort of something with vitamin C and so I take it with a little ginger shot
Which was great because it tastes isn't great. So I was like, oh taste bad too
It was good things to do
Everything's great. But what I'd noticed was
When I didn't take the vitamin C
My urine was this
Like glowing blue. It was like, you know, you take a methylene blue
I took the vitamin C shot. There was no coloration. So I was like, what's going on here?
Let me have a look at let's let's research what what's going on with this
So I went and did some more research and found out that actually when you do take it with vitamin C
It makes the methylene methylene blue a lot less effective. So I don't take it with vitamin C
You're just gonna suck it up and just have it with the nasty flavor
But the health benefits and how you feel after taking it outweighs all the negatives
I just have got so much energy. I just will light up
She's glowing
And I will always use it as part of my everyday routine
Every part of her is glowing from her skin to who you're eye
She's filled with the power of blue piss
So to reiterate
It tastes terrible
It made her feel like shit for a couple weeks
You can't take it with vitamins and it makes your piss glow
like
Frozone
Blasted it with radiation
Well, you're being a little hyperbolic at the end there, but
You left out the most important thing which is it makes you feel good
Eventually just don't eat anything else
What is it supposed to do? I'm getting there. I wanted to have our dessert before our urine dinner
However, she explained in a tiktok video which we just listened to that see I already covered it for us
She was taking 10 drops as she explained now. She's not but what is
meth blue blue meth
the walter white
of he made blue meth so
You get it
This is just the breaking bad. This is liquid breaking bad. It was breaking good. It breaks your body down into the good parts
It sounds like the stuff walter white made in breaking bad. They were fucking they were right there with us
case all I had to do was read it was first created in
1976 and became the world's first synthetic drug for treating malaria parasites
It also ended up being used as a blue dye for paper and textiles
So chat wasn't kidding. You're huffing genes
Americans do love genes. So if this is a way to get even more in touch with our literal blue genes
How can we resist we can't we simply cannot
It was also used to treat cyanide poisoning once upon a time more recent proponents claim it's a useful substance for
My favorite kind of hacking the bio variety as people have alleged that it's helped their mental health symptoms
So if you're feeling fucking crazy and everyone's saying you're out of your mind
Just take some blue gene dye and your mood will definitely improve
It's subjective. But who do you trust more than someone desperate?
It also counteracts
Amel I don't even know what amel is
She's pissing toilet bowl cleaner peeing and cleaning. I don't see anything wrong with that. See it's very
Multi-purpose. It's a time saver. Like I said a bio hack if you will of course, there are risks
particularly to using it without medical advice as neuroscientists
Now we're getting serious and sophie flurry told the daily mall without solid evidence in humans. These claims are at best
speculative and at worst
Potentially dangerous, but that's a lot of qualifiers. So all I'm hearing is cool cleaning blue piss
She pointed out that in the that the human brain was not something you could optimize like a smartphone
And experts have warned that taking it could lead to seizures and the destruction of red blood cells
But what if you replace them with even a better blue blood cells?
I bleed blue like a fucking classic country club boy
I got the horses in the back and that's in its own category
What I was bringing it back around to the Beyonce thing and a little nice thing
I got the horses in the back and the now that's that's a contemporary country song
And this is the contemporary future of your blood
I cinched it all up nice and tight for you case mostly sounded like you were just completely rambling
Now we're talking who needs red blood cells america only wants white blood
Um
No
We like blood cells of all colors
How many colors are there of blood cells?
Is there a mauve?
Can I get like a light sort of taupe blood cell that matches my kitchen?
I don't think so, but maybe with the right
Food coloring
That's used to treat
Various poisons. I can't
White blood cells is a great white stripes album. They do love white stuff
They you know, they have other things going on
Okay, let's I'm gonna play your song chat and then just
Bounce
I have to run too. Okay. I have to go get my own food
Otherwise, I would hang out with you guys while case gets his food, but I'll be right back
Got a hard goal and a small less of the sky and when chat is right, you know, you're in for a good time because he's
That's me the one who's coming and Chet's here. He's gonna get you
Did they buy accident and he's sick with it next and also he's a dad. Let's tell him off
Macho, that's not the chorus. This shit's blowing fucking start the song back over case I refuse
Everyone else did it one check. Hey, Chet, do you think you're not good enough to do in one take?
I know I'm good enough
In fact, they call me the one take king and that's why I'm gonna crush this shit. No problem. This is all part of it
And they're we
Bucking up macho macho chat
He's the king of all the rest
He's the world's strongest coolest man
And greatest dad and that is no contest here. We fucking go macho macho chat
With his sixth son, he is always said the ultimate role model
Just ask your wife you will not forget. I fucked your wife is what I'm saying. He's not just macho man. He's a macho dad
With his son by his side. He is never sad. That's not true. He is teaching them to be strong to be kind to you true
Macho chat. We're also grateful for you and then
We keep the chat. It's fucking good
They're liking him
They're still liking him just ask anybody he wants within the gym and he spotted people without them even having to ask too much
And they's with the plumb and
There's um, there's like a cop and a native american and but they're all mean picture that
and um also like a road worker and
The shit looks crazy and everybody likes it a lot
and
People of all persuasions are dancing to a gay straight little dogs on the street
The whole song plays
Um, but the main thing I came to say that's the wrong headphone is to sing. How do we have so many headphones? Thank you
We've got some comments to catch up on
Before we move along
The main business of the day. I got to turn off these segment alerts. Sorry everyone
We're just too busy
Oh, the song didn't finish. How long is this song? You're the one who recorded it
Yeah, but I blame you
Not long enough is the answer. That's what I was looking for. I don't know if I've ever heard the end
Is there an end?
I'm wondering we were gone for a minute. There must be an end. This is more akin to the gulf war
You sure?
No
Some people making jokes about christie. No, I'm going to the hospital for bad plastic surgery
might be true
We all get bad plastic surgery eventually, right?
That's never been that true words never been said everyone gets bad plastic surgery eventually
Whether from a doctor or from god themselves
The study just cut by doge and rfk jr. Not the blue jeans one. No, probably the one that cures cancer early
Well catches cancer early
Which is it?
I've never heard that chat's next wife
I'll take any of the women that we talked about today
I don't even remember who we talked about me either, but I'm not I'm not gonna be choosy at this point
Too bad they don't have pre-recorded commercials for a break or something. Oh, yeah
too bad
Case fix your life
Okay, it would be a good idea for me to make some kind of a away screen
Someday someday add it to the list
Well, is it quitting time?
Is it time to quit the network forever?
Because now it's a gorilla network
I guess let's do it. Yeah, and we still have to do the streets
Which I have a request to do both before and after this
So I don't know which to do we'll sir. We'll save therapy though for after it for sure in case things go really wrong
After these messages
We'll be eating snacks
Do it both before both before and after
That's too much work
So goddamn lazy case. You don't do anything for this stream. You son of a bitch
It's my stream so
I guess I just by doing it. I'm doing something for it, right? Shut up. Oh man. Shut the fuck up
God his ass. Damn that feels good. That's some classic jet stuff
Way to go, buddy. I'm gonna send it now to the other segment which is um a brutal
murder trial or something
That's gonna depress all of you. Is that what's happening?
Case is nodding
In both directions. So I'm not sure either way. It's time for munchin crumb
I got put on my celebratory munch hat
What'd you do? Why'd you run the fucking credit?
Wait, wait, we're gonna do this, right? I'm gonna send it there, right?
Okay, the credits are I hit the credits button
I broke it. That's my that's why case doesn't let me send it to the next segment
Now it's time for munchin crumb
He was just here
He was literally just here. I'll be real
I considered hiding and I was
This is not
easy for me to
To be here today
Well, I why you should have hit that's crazy
I'm but obviously I would have found you we would have found you one way or another
Um, okay. I'm just gonna say this
Let's not do this
We're doing this. This is happening
This is
inevitable
Me I said that I am inevitable. I'm not calling. I'm calling that as my thing
Well, we do have a debate to get to actually before we
Do the other thing
Which is crazy that word it's we've we've had our fun munch. We took it far enough but
It's a bit it we're I'm informing all of you it's a bit. It's not a bit. It's a bet
Swap those letters and if you back out on it
Well, that's mob rules. We can do whatever we want to you then you have to take as many gorilla punches as he feels like delivering
So would you rather take
Know the punches or all the punches?
Um, this might be terms of service
Are we about are you really worth case getting banned?
Over me getting punched by a gorilla
Is death against terms of service?
What if it's the death of crumb?
I'm hearing a lot of yes
You telling me I can't do this
You can't have a snuff stream. This is not kick. Didn't you say yesterday that we could do it? Wait, why am I arguing for this?
No, you can fuck case. I'm so confused now. How much trouble will I get in?
Of course you can do this much. That's a great point. Why am I questioning myself?
for even a second
The gorilla is about to do a crumb shot. That's very true
I think I'm with everybody else that is just there's no way we can do this being pow to the moon
or no pow
To no doom
That rhymes. So that's fun to say. So we go with that
Uh, make sure to check the goodbye crump that uh, there's a thread for you. Isn't that beautiful?
Really?
No, wait. No, there actually is
I'm scrolling around. I'm looking for it. There could be
People might want to say bye
Yeah, goodbye crumb. Look, there's a whole thread
Um
Here I'll scroll this over so I'm not doxing everybody and I'm a little reading to pass the time before
Before we get to this
How do I turn on stream remote? It's just so annoying
Oh, it's just so annoying. You can't even do this thread, right?
Look, we can't show it because we have to go full screen to show it. So if you're gonna read it, then just read it
Okay, I'll do a little reading
You wanted to say bye for years
Well, there's a chance this goes fine. There's not. Hey crumb in your will who do you want to have custody of your rancid bank?
named nummie
blank blankie
my nummie
Oh god, my whole life is flashing before my eyes
I'll even lose my nummie
That's what's on your mind right now
My poor nummie who's gonna take care of it's a blanket. Jesus
Get it together. Fuck. I skipped a comment. I'm sorry everybody
Um, I did not mean to
Make sure to check the good-byed crumb third. Okay, we did do that
and finally
Will popeto perform less rights. He'll be giving a prayer after this
Uh, the message is for you. I'll read them. Okay, because I don't know if I can bring myself to do it
This is all a little too scary for me
Get fucked leni courtesy of live and sleazy. Come on
Two years of this and that's what you got a shade of me. Well, he definitely was advocating for us not doing this because it's against
tos
But just know this wasn't a sub goal. This was a crumb goal. This was an own goal
You're the one who made this bet. I don't think it matters if it's a sub goal if you're killing me
I think I think it matters
Better hope
Hope you hope for a second chance if munch loses one just one debate if you ever become a ghost
Or haunt munch with your ghostly powers to prevent munch and crumb from cancellation
Also, technically you still have a majority over munch
So if that gorilla ever happens to malfunction before the big punch, you know what to do
Oh and rewire the gorilla to actually punch munch
Boy, you should have read this before this. Oh shoot
That's a lot of options
I'm sorry. I really tried to debate as hard as I could live and sleazy. I
I do take responsibility for my losses though. I'm gonna be the bigger man here. Oh my god. Do not start crying
It's just one punch from a huge fucking gorilla
150k channel points to bribe the gorilla to punch chrome was funny
But not as funny as having to spend that bribe and it still happens
Then there's just a lot of videos of people getting punched
Crumb you gave us so many excellent debates. This is could be nice. You taught us to not to gamble
You showed us the power of friendship and you saved munch
Let's see save some fucking other guy and I just have to say can I have belillia's number to be there to comfort her after your passing?
That is so kind and she is very active on instagram and she responds to dm's. She shows me
Um, so I would I would reach out to her that way. Um
Maybe the gorilla doesn't
Maybe the gorilla doesn't feel up to it
Oh
Please can we do the debate first? No, there's no time
There's an order of operations you lost before this debate was requested and that means that it is now time
For you to receive your medicine
I don't think he's in the mood for games today. He looks quite ready. It's a me
There is legitimately
No way out of this for you. You're here. You showed up. You should have run for your life
But of course the ultimate coward move you were too scared to even run
Look, I showed up today
To beg
To bravely beg
You at home
You
Sitting next to me. Uh my enemy
My rival
But a fellow human being
spare me
I know I've done wrong
I know I can be weak before
Temptation before many
Before my own I'll admit it ego
I apologize. I apologize to you much for maybe not fully appreciating the charity you have offered
even
Amongst your attempts to kill me
And show I shame. Oh my god. Stop trying to pull on my heart strings
The strings are not connected to you. I am not your puppet. I am not even your puppet master
I am your undertaker. Dung dung
That's not a one like law and order my point is get the fuck over there. Do your goddamn business be a
capital m a n
For once in your life and accept the punishment
Okay, here I go
A going for real
Yep, really doing it
Yes, we gotta go
Okay, we're gonna walk away
You have to
Less chance much uh incorrect. It's your no chance. You're out of chances
Get the fuck over there
Okay, I'm
I'm doing the walking
Look at look at me walk. I'm walking away
Man, he is looking strong today. Oh god, you brought the whole thing over
Damn looking fit
Oh
Oh god
Hold
I've had an idea
I suppose
Just this once
We could perhaps come to some kind of arrangement that doesn't end with you getting
A guerrilla fist through your skull. Are you serious? And you know what I think might make me feel
relatively square here
143 points from you. Oh god
Really? Is that a no because we could do the punch? Yes, sure
Jesus. Ah fucking win. Oh that is a mission accomplished
Oh
Oh
I never lost my god much
Even for you all of this was so unnecessary
And just note for the record
Even though I did feel the fear of death
Part of me knew that you would never
Um, that's a bit he's still to my uh, that's a bit that
um
That way
Uh
That's all the time we have for today. That was funny that we did that
Uh
Was not here and either you this is pre-recorded
Uh
Bye
Pino I think there was a quest for you to say something
He could be okay, right?
No
Uh
I think it might be best that she wasn't
guys, um
Crumb's wife just slid into your already Jesus
shenanigans. I agree. Yep
Anybody watches this that was a video game. I was playing a video game
It was one of those choose your adventure video games
Right. This is the game
You can people get blown up in games
That was a game
That's a game called
Rum dies. I mean gorilla tango
Debate
It was minecraft gorilla punch
Humans can live without one of their heads, right?
Traditionally it's a challenge
The show must go on. Yeah, there's still other segments to get to they were supposed to do a debate now. There's just a lingering debate
And I don't like how that feels
That's fucked up. We should set it back to much to make him do the debate
Maybe we'll do that on thursday. Okay. We got a debate. We got a lingering debate for thursday
It'll have a bit of a darker tone about the poop eating stuff given the offensive today
Debate the hate sock
Yeah much
Maybe the segments just over
I mean, I can see how the monitor munch is just sitting there totally still he hasn't moved an inch
He's like totally frozen like a statue
So I think he's planning on staying
I don't know if he's ever planning on moving again
We should call janitor though. Do we have one?
No, let it sit then
I think maybe the gorilla wasn't supposed to do that. Yeah, I think maybe the gorilla shouldn't have done that
Is he fired? No
No, I'm not gonna fire the gorilla. Ask the pita about getting rid of the body. Oh
No pass
Thank you. There's things even I won't eat
Yeah, even in death
Still getting just fucking wrecked
We can rebuild him the six million dollar crumb
Let's just hope all of those cosmic powers munch claims they hand can really pull off a miracle otherwise
Maybe that is against to us
It's not I think I think I agree that it's not if it's crumb
Just say it was Tetris. Yeah, it was Tetris
They should debate who is going to clean it up
Not it. I don't think I would I'm not gonna touch my nose though
Please keep the segment
Oh, I mean I can't
I only have so many segment ideas
If they I have to I'll just have to find someone else named crumb if munch can't figure it out
I'll even have to find someone else named munch
He's moving so fast he's in two spots at once
Big j dub 91 just absolutely pounded 1,000 sweet bits straight into the great chasm of progress
And I just have to say this that was amazing case
We all thought we wasted our points, but then
boo
What a great pay officer
Thank you very much. Thank you big j dub and thank you president obama. I didn't realize he was so invested
Yeah, you know, he's in entertainment now, so he keeps track of all of it
Do we need to report this to HR?
I think that might not be enough
Papito we it was a it was we're playing Minecraft. It's fine. Don't make a big deal out of it
I did realize something we know chrome went to hell. However. He was also
Uh, we also know there's an interdimensional vehicle that is capable of entering our dimension
Oh, man
I really hope he isn't it's not a favor by the hype train
God that would be the worst
I mean i'm
not
I can't be sad because I think it's important that I say, uh, what did it didn't happen?
What you saw happen didn't happen
That's the perfect defense people do use that a lot now. Oh, shoot. I skipped it
Dang it. Sorry
Wait, can I find it? Can I find it?
Hmm
We're going to the streets
You could do venture bros and rick and morty where there is a bunch of chrome clones
Oh, you could go multi-dimensional with it. I think we cut technically already did papito. I already popped that particular can
Just wait till we get to the streets. Oh, yeah, we do have to do that
We got to do that right now actually because I need to stop streaming
Uh, can we have a replay?
I have channel points. I will use these channel points. Um, I guess I could use
I think we can't have a replay
Because risky enough doing it once actually
If you want to see me on thursday, everybody has to keep their goddamn mouth shut
Maybe these cases being threatening now
But someday it's on youtube it is it is currently on youtube
um
Al monchester is replacing chrome
Yeah, how's that gonna work?
Oh, I went negative. No, I always do that. Wait, this is the fix. This is the easy fix
Okay, pope a popeato. Could you give us a quick blessing?
It's literally
I'd like nothing to me due to my direct line to god
As the official pope of this stream is me gregorian chanting
But a big version making trippy made me a trippy gregorian chant beat
Whoa
Unless you're a really gross dude
At which point the earth rejects you and your spirit and corporal form
Are vaulted into space
By the power of mother glabla
The secret deity of the earth that only I know about
And that's what happened to crumb so don't cry for him
Currently his spirit is commuting with the space demons
And together they will probably open a portal to the realm of pure chaos
And there they will forever suffer in the glory of splarb
Whose space who's the space god only I know about my prayer
What?
I don't know
Anyway ashes to ashes
Crop crust to crust
Stop crust
Crumb had a date night with his wife
Tonight
That's so sad
That's so sad john michael. I broke the comment thing so that'll show up eventually but
Crumb to crumb
Okay, let's send it to the streets if you have any thoughts on the events you've witnessed today
I'm sure trip can deal with it instead of me. Let's send it right now to the streets
No reason not to play the music just because we're all in mourning. Come on
Well mourning it's actually late afternoon
Look in my business you see a lot of crazy things you think that's the first time i've seen a
Slightly thinner staypuff marshmallow man liquidated by a guerrilla fist of course not
You got to get used to this stuff in the biz and the show must go on
But this isn't a show. This is the streets. They actually never go on. They're always on meaning there's no fucking choice
But to do this
And I will be uh, okay
I don't know who this is and
Aspects of the streets are misbehaving today. It turns out
But we're going to get through all of these opinions together
Oh my god. All right. Okay. Uh, yes you there. You've got an opinion for me. I am in fact trippy b
I have been waiting for this
moment for a long time
Okay
So the guerrilla finally killed crumb really caught you shot there. What sorry never mind
This may seem like a big win for mensch, but what he doesn't know is that I
The real crumb am still alive
Yeah, okay
That's what you're saying
For you see that is my stunt double that I have trained since the start of munchin crumb to look talk and react like me
You don't even sound that much like me. This sound a little like him
With the guerrilla disposing my stunt double. He finally got rid of my debt
It's kind of fun seeing munch embarrass himself in front of a live camera like that you hear
I think you're a fucking liar. What?
Sorry, I think what you're saying is a big sack of bullshit
I look just like crumb. You know who crumb is
Does he look kind of hmm? Actually you gotta get out of here. I've decided I'm concerned about too many things now
Good day, sir. Wait, what did I do? What did I do?
Look, I'm I reserve the right to call everyone a fucking liar
Was that ovely?
I'll take a look it did it could have if the cartoon looking man. So that's a little crumb like I'll give them that
Okay, who else who else
Wants to talk to me today. Okay
Uh, yes you there you want to talk to me?
You know, this is a funny coincidence
But my name actually is also crumb
Okay, is do you think that's an appropriate thing to say on a day a
beloved in a sense of
People had strong feelings about him figure dies
So you're confirming that he passed
And that there's a spot open for a crumb
The only thing I need to know is how to take a punch and I can fill right in
There seems to be a long list of pretenders actually lined up to what I would call the absence of a throne
So I'd say and get in line motherfucker. You're not even you're barely bald enough. You've got too much ghost hair
What no that's part of it. That makes me even better for it
Too many
Pretenders for me today
All right
Who else and some thoughts for me trippy fucking b
I'm feeling loose. I'm feeling wild today
We're all in mourning. Yes, you there you hunk of man my god
Oscar hank
I'll draw looking good
What the fuck wasn't this guy's voice? I'm here for me. Look a four-h club
The green told me you tend to care. Take a type trip
Are you okay? You look like you're trapped in another man's body. You shut up. Whoa, okay
You love you love up the green in a way that makes us happy
My card is in your trousers
Carby
I like you
Thanks, man. All right, you're in great shape. I guess
Yeah
I'm asking hank
I'm
Looking it is hell
Okay. Bye big fan
I'm glad there's a fan out there
Who else?
Who else dares today?
Now various people on the street are suddenly looking kind of asian to me and it makes me feel like maybe I'm seeing things all wrong
Not that there's anything wrong with that usually
Oh, yes, you there
The fuck what are all these people? Oh god that one's okay. No not you either
Okay, yes you there
Is it really spaceballs without rick maranis playing with action figures? Hello trip. Hi
We need him in the sequel trip
Help me get it done
Just sign your name
social security number
And mother's maiden name right here on this credit card that I put on the ground
Uh, you want to hand it to me? It's a ground card. That's just say it's more legal if legally
Acceptable if you pick it up yourself and write this requested information on it
And together we can get rick maranis back in spaceballs too
Now that's a big fan
Talk to you soon
Wait, don't you want me to give you the card? I was in the middle of writing
All right, guess I'll just keep it
Oh boy
It's a heavy day a sumber energy weighs us all down on this momentous day of suffering for
Well, really just one guy
uh, yes, um
What am I looking at right now? Yes, you there
Thanks to case finally banning me for criticizing me over endorsing theme parks into simulations
I have to go into witness protection under a new identity
How do you like them apples? They're not apples
They're the slings and arrows of outrageous fucking with me trip that you've bet that you've done
Technically, I'm waiting for you to say who you are before I turn the fan on
Loop the freaking loop de twisty we
Sheesh much
Fan activate what no that's only been once what?
The rules are the rules are out the window
I said guy gets blasted to nothingness
This freaking guy doing here. Yes you
Oh great going for a walk and I run into you
It's scrum lucky us
Please let me pass you can I'm just standing here. Just walk around me
I'd prefer that you you were in my stride and I'd prefer that you move
I was striding and you've broken my stride
And I would
Much appreciate it. Just kidding. It's the law
move
Just walk slightly
To the side of me, you know, okay. How about this? What do you think of all this business?
Scrum with the guy that has a name similar to you exploding
Everybody explodes
Everybody explodes eventually
what
Am I supposed to am I supposed to weep for every person who explodes?
move
I refuse well then who's really being obstinate here. I would ask
Who I think still you
It's just so odd. It's just so easy to keep going
Okay, I'll keep going in the same direction then I didn't lose
Hmm that attitude could make him a decent replacement actually for crumb
Uh, yes
Are you there?
Don't cry for crumb
Bin network the truth is we never loved him
I'm a christian angel. What?
I just got to know how they look in the old drawings
All right
Not sure what the point of him was but or it or her or them or whatever. Okay
Well, swill talk to me
I do do do do do do today
None of these people are working right gosh dang
Come on one of you guys
well
Sometimes you just can't yeah, you can't always get what you want
Man sometimes instead you talk to this. Yes, you there. Hello, sir. Welcome to Wendy's. How can I?
Oh, hey. Hey y'all. It's that guy again
Uh, you mean me trippy be yeah
Sir
You're gonna have to come inside
You can't walk through the drive-thru
God damn it. It's another completely out of their mind talking food
This is the third time today, sir. Please leave the drive-thru line
He does have a theory. You'll let us are you from the spirit realm?
Were you killed in a drive-thru sir? You're sounding insane
I'm a wendy's employee and you're at my establishment of business
You're trying to untether me from a grounded reality, but I won't let you do it talking burger ghost
Who's untethered here the guy who refuses to pay or the hard-working employee
Hey
Get out of here. What I'm gonna. Oh my whole business is an earthquake
All right question from this fellow looks promising
I trip
If someone bad dies
And it makes you feel good
Are you bad?
Oh, is it totoro?
No
Name's drop
Drop
Um, it depends how bad
Or if you're in threat from them for some way if it's purely sadist
in nature
If it's just sort of sadist euphoria at the suffering of others then yes, you've become fully evil
But if you feel a moment of relief that a scourge has been wiped from the earth
Well
I think jesus said that makes it chill. Oh, okay
Big jay nice
Big time
He was he was big he was huge
Intimidating honestly, uh, yes
You there
I can tell it's you rob. I can see through your disguises now. You really blew me away. Don't you know who I
I'm gonna get a louder fan. So you really know what's coming
Yes. Yes. Yes. Are you there?
Who else yes you
I'm the local sheriff
I heard there's a news anchor
hiding a headless body in this park
I know the local sheriff and they look different
Have you seen anyone suspicious on the local sheriff to the full area not to the
Residential area near the park
Not the park itself. Then you have no jurisdiction here and I have to answer your question
Oh, we got a fan of park law. Yes
And am I understanding of a design clad so I know my rights
Sheriff
You're good. I'll give you that
But you can't protect them forever
I don't find that blown up head
When I do
Big fan still a fan. Wow
Okay
I do like to meet a fan
I do love to meet a fan
one second
One of these mother fuckers wants to talk to me for sure
Yes, you there
Hey, dude, I'm Shane Gillis
Just want to let you know there's nothing wrong with accidents, dude. It's chill. All right
Fucking crazy, dude
You chill dude
Tell me a joke Shane. Oh, come on man. I hate when people do that. This is fucking worse, dude
Do I go to the park and ask you to do your job? Yes
To be fair though the park is my job. So really? I don't even work
um
You know, I'm just here forever. I'll never leave
I feed on opinions like a vampire feeds on the ass of a
babe
And that's how it works
Sick, dude. All right. Well just came to tell you that
Nice
You're not a fan
Celebrities will never let you know if they're a fan
hurts
It hurts
Okay, two more opinions to get through for today
Else is dying to talk to me
Uh, yes you there
I just don't believe it when you tell me stuff like this
Look, I've seen you before
Man, and I just get the sense you're trying to get the sign off on me to escape this park
No, I'm the related to the thing that just happened for real. This is lower accurate
I don't know
Just don't think you're qualified to make those kinds of decisions
Talking skeleton
Really?
What's his wife's name?
The more popular one is Bungalia
You said he is if he was someone else meaning I can't believe a word out of your mouth. Bye. Bye. Wait. No, it's really it's really me. Please help me
He didn't even sound like him
And yes ghosts sound exactly like they did in life. I'm assuming
Yes, you there. Oh, hey trip. It's actually me the ghost of jeffrey ebsti. Why would that be better?
flopping skeleton
Oh, so I know I've been in the news lately again, but I'm here about crumb
He's already getting on everybody's nerves, you know
How do you deal with that man?
He's like a baby
He is actually kind of like a baby
Oh, I'm gonna go actually
Wait, don't uh, maybe maybe this one stays
Okay, until thank you for the 29 months
I should have trapped that one
I think it was the same one
And I don't like that one. Uh, yes
You there
Want to talk to me?
Hello trip
It's me your reflection in the mirror that lives in another dimension
And you're so foggy though. Why I've just come to tell you that crumbs head got exploded by a gorilla
Punch in my universe too
It's a universal consent a canon event if you will it's gotta happen
So don't bring him back. None of us were thinking about bringing him back. Believe me. I know because that would be insane
That would be insane
You know in my universe cases jacket is green and I have a blue variant
Well, I don't care about that. What but I know all of but where it linked to cosmo
all right
Okay, one more
One more I guess
Oh two more
Up three more I gotta fix that button. I really gotta fix that button someday
I guess you there
Hey, I'm a ghostbuster. Are you another interdimensional trip?
There's too much multiverse stuff as it is trip me
No, I'm ghostbusters trip and I'm looking for crumb's ghost
My thing is I get opinions from ghosts and now that crumb is one
I've got to do it. Well, why'd you come to my dimension to do it?
Because I talked to everyone in the ghost dimension
busters dimension
I went to the ghost dimension first
And then I went to the busters dimension. They were separate
And then I got confused trying to get to the ghost busters dimension where I'm from
I shouldn't have done the interdimensional stuff. Honestly, you called it immediately
Yeah, I'm you I get it man. All right. Well
If you see crumb, let me know
Shadow of
Not even my former self an alternate self. Thank god. I'm this one. All right
uh, yes
sir, are you there?
You've got a question for me. I regret
Having crumb killed
Just tell me how to get him alive again
Tell me
You're the one wait. I don't think you're I don't think you're responsible for this man. It was me
It was me
I scryed for it
What I put it in my portal
Everything I put in the portal comes true. How'd you put it in the portal?
I drew a picture
And I put it in my portal
It all comes true
Out of an abundance of caution, I'm sending away all multi-dimensional entities for the day. Wait. No
I have we have to fix the cannon or something earlier. He doesn't even know he doesn't even know
What cosmic disaster he's trying to prevent
Yes, you're there
Hey trip Matt Liddell here
Good to see you
Hello matt good to see you just a quick message uh for munchkin if you could pass it on please his time on this planet
Is coming to an end? Whoa threatening
Uh, yeah, he will die soon and he'll die slowly. Holy hell this stream has been a little violent today
You're telling me it's about to get worse. Also the gorilla is dead as well not yet, but soon. Okay. I shall
I'm gonna I'm gonna take the girl's skin. Jesus and I'm gonna wear like a suit
I'm gonna wear like a suit. Jesus Christ matt and I'm gonna take munch out after that
You're blaming the gorilla. Maybe it's not as sentient as you think
Anyway, he's been warned and I'm a fan
of what?
Of what? Matt no
We got dark matt today
And his chin was looking big
He's looking good
All right
Oh my god, I'm gonna have to eventually just bail
But for now we'll continue bravely onward
If any of these will work, uh, yes, uh you there
I'm the hindenburg
I'm the hindenburg. What I thought it was my tragic end, but dude
Did you see that guy's head just go blush
You're a fighter jet
Listen like the gorilla is an artist because he turned that guy into an expressionistic painting
Yes, anyway, I heard there might be an opening of india. Do you think you think that higher is zeppelin? You're a jet
I wasn't asking for me. He's asking for a friend. It's not all about me
Someone's care about our friend's trip
Yeah, I think that higher is zeppelin. Oh hell. Yes big fan
Simply yes or no. I got it
All right
Last one if another one comes in we'll have to do it later
So withhold your opinions for now. Don't waste your precious words
Yes, you there
Seriously the crumb you saw just stunt double. I'm crumb real now. I'm really him
Believe it when I see it that man had a roiling mass of crumbs in him and I could hear them crying out
But I've dealt with enough interdimensional beings to know when I'm dealing with the real deal
And when I'm just dealing with some gobbledygook from the multiverse
Which I have no patience for because I'm trip brad scene ideal with opinions on these streets
Thank you very much, and I'll keep doing that forever until we experience heat death
I'll get to that one
Next time because I said I was done baby and that means I am we'll see you soon. Bye. Bye
there
That's still there. Well
Hey, I'm just here to um, I uh, I'll always take a little therapy and uh,
Also, I want to remind people the wall thing still needs to happen
Seems like there's a lot of other lore going on
Well, I don't want my lore forgotten about so
That's still happening
Free joe
Why did that happen exactly? Well, no way
Why did it cut to joe rogan? No crumb no watch
That is crazy what happened and that's the kind of thing. That's the reason I stay in that wall
among others
Is I think somebody's got to keep an eye on this place
There's a lot of darkness going on here that I really feel like only the wall the solidarity it provides the feeling of oneness
The lack of space condenses you and do a more perfect human actually
And that's why I think we all need more wall energy
In 2025
Ha ha
It's not a joke like three walls worth
I'm only you only need one wall
We're all one wall together
Case was supposed to be in therapy over his pretzel
Oh, I'm gonna have to go. Mm-hmm
I'll do the therapy for case
Does that sound good case?
Oh your doctor chaff. Can you go get case?
Take off my second pair of glasses so I can get serious
What do you want, peter?
How does that make you feel oh peter I refuse to do therapy with you
All he is is just another brick in the wall peter you're I'm glad that you read a couple therapy books and you get how to do it
But I don't want to do therapy with you
The rats are inside him. They're inside you peter
Is peter's wall similar to the game show the wall? Why do you ask me questions about you?
Why does dr. Chath look like case I he's just he's fine. I'll admit he's related to me. Yeah, I
Give my cousins a lot of work
Because I'm worried about my cousins
That sounds right. Yeah, you know, I guess it maybe was obvious. Sure. I'll admit it
related to dr. Chath
Candice Cameron would not approve of this stream. I don't know who that is
Show us the doll
Show us on the doll where you want to be touched you you're not stop just taught peter. You're not qualified to do therapy
Peter is therapist
Okay, okay the blood the blood
Stop trying to say therapeutic things. How will we go on without crumb shots?
I
Don't know I it's not my fault. It's munch and crumb
They'll figure it out probably
He might be dead. I
Guess I should accept that he might be dead and we use them for a lot. He is super annoying
But we do use him for a lot. So him being dead
Is a problem
For the network
You're a rat master. I didn't tell munch to do it
Ha, you're a rats are in all of us
Is that ethical? Well, which part?
I'm actually 427 rats in a man suit. I figured I've been saying that
You would
You're not just saying that right?
Y'all we can just put devil horns on crumb. That's one option for sure. Crumb still eats poop when dead
That's the it feels disrespectful even from you Peter
Did it turn you on watching a humanoid bug persons head explode? I feel like it's more of a you question
I feel like it's more of a you thing
Just shave your head case
And face and pretend to be him
People don't deserve to see this real chin. Sorry. Hi burped Peter. That's not you're supposed to just read chat
You don't even go therapy works. Oh, well, I'm trying
Why did you go to the no rat kings protest? It wasn't for that. It's not all rats
Peter
Old be the best crumb replacement
Actually, you do align the most with that vibe. I would agree with that actually
That's a lot
Shaved head is the only hairstyle case hasn't tried
I have that hair like done to here. I never had really long hair
That case's brother puts me to shame in the hair department
Just case prefers pretzel salted or salt free
Salted
Sorry, I burped. I think you did that a while ago
What is your first
memory of a rat?
Like actually seeing one I guess
I didn't actually really see a rat in person until I moved to Chicago. So I don't
You asked bring back crag
Yeah, we should bring back crag. Where is crag? That wasn't a burp. That was the rats talking
Will you take a look at that pretty pathetic? Huh?
Well, you'll never believe this but uh
That llama you're looking at was once a human being
Not just any human being a guy was an emperor a rich powerful ball of charisma. Yeah
This is his story. Well actually my story
That's right. I'm that llama
My name is
The name is cusco emperor cusco. I was the world's nicest guy. They ruined my life for no reason
I was that hard to believe look
I tell you what you
Get a lot of requests to bring back crumb
Bring back crumb
Do you think peter is related to master splinter? Don't take my job for me. This isn't your job, peter
I'm supposed to have a therapist here
My cousin therapist
I was doing a great job until you ruined it
Are we doing the wall thing or not? Yes, we're doing the wall thing. There's a lot to prep
It takes longer than you'd think to to do what case to do what did you have some hand in what happened today?
I didn't do anything
but I had to
I had to order that
moving plate for the gorilla
Because he's got really bad knees
So but that doesn't make me an accessory that just makes me a producer
It took longer than I thought to order that thing
You're a killer. You're a killer
now
Crumb is roasting in hell inside the hype train
Well, that means he's close to actually coming back because chat's in the back of the hype train
I don't have time for this today. You don't have time. I don't have time for this. I've got to go
Sorry, I know you're all having fun with me
But case is being an obstinate. So that's all the time we have you're not supposed to do therapy, peter
It's not your place. You're not a therapist. That's what they told
Mozart you're not a therapist because he was a famous composer
And that's all you had to say
Drop crumb off in Cleveland. Bye. Bye
That music is beautiful
All right guys. Well, you know it was a shorter stream, but it was eventful
In fact, so eventful I might have to delete the VOD, but it will be available on youtube
Do I have to delete the VOD live in Sleaze are you still around? What do you think is the safest thing to do? Unplubbish that particular one?
It seems so silly
Conceptually that that's actually a problem. It's not to us
It's not against to us
Oh, you were being kayfabe. Okay me too. I didn't think it could actually get in trouble. I know how everything works
I was totally not as totally where and why didn't you tell me papito?
Can I be the new crumb if you want? I don't want to be
I get your hopes up. Where's my show? Uh, your show is also being made
Honestly, I've been doing a bit more time working on um, things for this stream
than usual so there's a lot of stuff in the pipeline
That should be arriving relatively soon
The
Oh, you're not I'm not making you a movie. I'm gonna be in the movies
It's a talk show
If people can play mortal combat, you should be fine. I assume so
Some could say if you think about it, you saw a guy explode and then you saw the same guy
Because those two are so similar that is what I was getting at peter. Yeah, uh, papito
Sorry, that is really mean. Oh my god, case
Papito. All right guys, thanks for hanging out. Um, wish candle a happy birthday if she posts anything about
A certain place we might be going tomorrow
And uh, let's see who's on for a little bit of a raid
I'm sure
crumb
is
Your sure crumb is I'm sure crumb is
so
It'll be it'll be
You know
For everybody saying no crumb no watch. I would just say
What really?
I'm saying no crumb no watch
You are I mean I say a lot of things
Who knows I'll say this who knows
What'll happen?
None of us are fortune tellers
Some of us are exploded
That's a for sure a fact his head did explode, but the rest
I want to believe
I'm setting the way of ricky peacock
Say hi to ricky for me
It's a uh head explosion raid
Head explosion crumb explosion. It's a crumb explosion raid. There we go
Jake can debate munch. Maybe he'll try out a couple
But uh, is he still frozen in place has not moved at all. I think he might actually have
like frozen
Like a glitch
Like he glitched like he glitched reality
You've ever seen adventure time, of course, you know when the lips is kind of hibernating because his central purpose has been
He he no longer has a purpose because he's trapped in the time room
Okay, pretty specific reference, but yes, that's what that's what munch. That's what it feels like munch is doing
Have you seen adventure time? No
Okay, well, um say hi to ricky for me everybody. Uh, have a great rest of your day. I won't be on tomorrow
I will be on thursday. Bye. Bye
Okay
No time for a secret stream and not time
trying to