I'm Sepita, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Who dares play the touching music right when I try to start?
Should I start every stream with this instead?
That might be more accurate to the type of stream this is.
To start with an apology.
Hey guys, I'm back.
I'm sorry.
I'm gonna do the stream again.
There's just no way around it.
What we're gonna do it.
I didn't earn this music.
That's true.
It's the most unearned music in the streaming business.
It's on my stream.
It's one of the things I have.
Got my filthy Rennerton water here.
Good to see everyone.
Two days in a row.
Maybe I'll go back to five days at some point.
I don't know.
It depends how mentally ill I'm feeling on a particular month.
Eventually I would like to go back to five but realistically I don't know how I could
have a job outside of this and do it five days a week currently.
But hey, you never know.
I could become less employed at any moment and that's a challenge to any of my employers
that are watching.
I don't think I can do 24 hour streams anymore.
I think I've aged out of the game.
Unless someone asks me to help with one that's more produced.
I don't think I would do a 24 hour stream but I would do an eight hour stream or like an
event stream.
I think those are more fun anyway.
24 hours are kind of fun but every time I do it I'm like okay, remember the next time
you forget how bad this is.
Remember this mental note.
Don't do another 24 hour stream.
It just feels, it doesn't feel bad to do it the day up.
It feels bad the day after and then the rest of the week I'm like ugh.
I feel like I ate too much candy or something but permanently.
But doing them at the time is kind of fun except for like hours 14 to 19.
Those are not fun.
And that's when you're like oh no.
Is someone actually staying up to watch this because I've completely lost my mind.
I definitely felt like shit when I pulled all nighters in college and that was only a
couple years ago.
So I think it's always been a thing for me.
All you're hearing is that 24 hour streams are fun.
That is a more convincing takeaway.
Royal Rainbow.
Royal Rainbowa.
So maybe I got a disregard the things past case was saying.
We'll see.
What I would only want to do if I had some idea for doing one that seemed interesting instead
of just doing this for 24 hours.
Also something about being, even though I spent so much time in my, we'll call it, office.
Just being in this room for 24 hours does make me feel like icky after a while.
You know?
So if I just, if probably the trick is I need to talk to chat more and less to, you know,
everybody else here.
What is that supposed to mean?
I got all sorts of good stuff to say.
Let me stream for 40 minutes, 48 minutes stream.
That 24 hours stream.
4,000 hours?
No.
Yeah, okay.
Well anyway, I'll do it.
No, Pepito, you won't.
Where's my own segment by the way?
It's coming.
I got distracted making a different segment for no reason.
And now I got to update a different segment for no reason.
Then we got to go in the wall and then I got to do your thing.
I don't understand anything you just said.
No one does.
And they shouldn't.
A 24 hour Pepito stream would be actually be easier because I could probably fudge
it a little bit if you know what I mean.
You mean I would be doing all the work?
Just mean you know.
Maybe somebody else helps out with Pepito is my point.
I like this.
Hamtaro porno review segment.
You know, propaganda, the fact that there's definitely Hamtaro porn makes that more disturbing.
The fact I could find that in two seconds makes, and then I'm having that realization
makes that harder to swallow.
Poor choice of words.
People do 48 hours and include them sleeping as part of the stream.
I know I just don't want to do that.
Honestly, I think I've said this on stream before, but I wish there was a trend from big streamers
to stream less.
I wish that the platform incentivized people to stream for more like four hours max.
Because I mean, and I know people should be free to stream over long they want obviously.
But I don't know.
I just see a world not too far off where everybody's streaming like everybody who wants
a media career is streaming like a huge percentage of their life.
And that doesn't seem good.
So I'd love to contribute to the trend of streaming less time.
But I'm not really the right person to do that as I would need to be a larger creator
to have any influence.
But in my own small way by barely streaming, if you think about it, Chad, I'm actually
doing something really moral and good is my point.
Where ESPN LA Sports Center hosts are starting a streaming sports show next Monday.
Yeah, I just really feel like there's going to be there's going to come a time in the
not so distant future when like an Oscar watch party means checking in with all of the nominees
live stream, which has been happening for the entire week.
Like every aspect of media is just a guy who's on eight hours a day.
Do a 24 hour stream of a day in the life of Case Black.
Well, holy shit, you would be shockingly bored after two hours of me.
A good, I mean, also this is this is my this is the hobby.
This is my hobby currently is messing around with this thing, you know,
which at least looks better than it used to.
And that's and that's not even what I'm doing for work.
What I'm doing for work is even more boring spreadsheets that also are
tied to media projects.
So, you know, I just I don't think.
I don't think it's a good idea.
I mean, even look at look at this stupid encircled segment.
I did look how complicated all this shit is for no reason.
That's what I do for fun.
You don't want to watch my life.
Not even complicated.
Just just too much text.
Cyclo is correct, though.
Not a lot of people would care about this, but the streamer bought update.
It's made my life better.
The guy who spends a lot of time working at looking at that streamer
bot app, the fact that it has a dark mode and you can actually like group things.
That's pretty good.
A chat controlled K stream.
You know, live and sleazy.
You zoom and enhance on some of those things I was scrolling past.
That is kind of working on, but I won't spoil it.
OK.
Well, let's get into the news.
My favorite thing to do.
Overly serious world events that are a bummer for you to hear about
and for me to talk about right off the bat.
Let's do that right away.
It's news time.
It's still your.
Why'd you say that stuff about everything being a bummer about the news?
I'm fired up for the news.
It's me, Rick.
Yeah.
Kaisenot currently has 143,000 viewers.
Is that the bummer news we're talking about?
Is that what you're getting depressed about?
Uh, no, it's mostly, you know, you being here.
I always pretend something bad, Rick.
Quit exclamation point, booing me and exclamation point, lull me.
Why did the.
Democrat cross the aisle.
Rick, this is a bad start to.
I don't even want to say the punchline.
The setup went over so poorly.
No.
Stop it.
I'm here to entertain you with fun ribs about politics.
I think it's going to come back up.
It's going to come back up.
I still have six.
We can turn this around.
How is this not maxed out?
Oh.
I didn't even get to finish the joke.
You ended society.
Congratulations, Rick.
Well.
Uh, what are we?
What are we getting into today?
Let's don't keep the camera off me.
Don't put me next.
Oh, geez.
Google's 45 million dollar contract with Netanyahu's office
to spread Israeli propaganda coming in courtesy of Dropsite News.
It's a fun story for for you to read, Rick.
This is no, we're just golf pals.
Occasionally.
Golf war pals.
You had to be there.
What are what's this about?
We're talking about ads.
Kind of.
Oh, OK.
Let's just cut to the middle of this.
What the heck?
Oh, my gosh.
So much story here.
And I can't wait.
Sorry, the story is not loading.
Okay, so I can't read it.
The story isn't loading.
There's nothing that can be done.
OK, it loaded down.
All right.
A record show that the Israeli government spent three million
for advertising with X.
The French and Israeli advertising platform Outbrain Teeds
is also set to receive roughly 2.1 million.
But the largest recipient of online ads from Israel appears
to be Google, the advertising campaign initiated between
Google and Netanyahu's office in late June for an estimated
$45 million, which is both YouTube and Google's advertising
campaign management platform, as where it will be appearing.
Display and video 360 explicitly
characterizes the ad campaign as Hasbra in internal documents,
a Hebrew word whose meaning is somewhere between public
relations and propaganda.
See, no one's surprised by this.
Everybody loves ads.
I don't think people are Hasbro.
No, not unfortunately not.
Best reason to download an ad blocker?
We've got ways around that.
We're working on that because sometimes we sneak the ad right
into the middle of a sentence.
How do you do that?
You'll just say stuff like, how are you doing today,
Kase?
I'm doing great.
Well, I'm doing great too because I know that there's
food aid being distributed in Gaza as we speak.
Suppose it for sure.
It wasn't smooth at all, Rick.
Oh, well, that's how it's done, though.
And now I got my ad in.
You're getting paid for that?
No, hypothetically I would get paid for that.
But unfortunately in this case, no.
I'm not profiting off of war currently.
Sort of not making money doing this, unfortunately.
Records show that the ads have aired in response to
increasing global outcry over the deteriorating
situation in Gaza.
And Augusta UN formally declared a famine in Gaza, which
includes Gaza City.
The Integrated Food Security Phase Classification, or IPC,
the leading global authority on food security,
projected the threshold for famine would be crossed in
Del-Albala and Canunis in the coming weeks, stating,
this famine is entirely man-made.
It can be halted and reversed.
But if you're watching Kaisenat clips on YouTube, you
might hear a different story.
And I think both stories deserve to be heard.
The advertised propaganda story?
Well, you should watch the ads on YouTube because it just
supports the creators.
So I'm just saying it's important that ads also have a
free space to fill our heads with thoughts as well.
What if those thoughts are being actively disproven by
every fact?
Well, but you know, one person who thinks Speed Racer is
the greatest movie of all time.
I don't even care.
You got to have that laugh up there longer.
We're doing in circle today with one person who thinks
Speed Racer was the greatest movie of all time, verse 30
people who think it was the worst.
Count me in.
I think it was fine.
Well, then you don't qualify.
I'm actually kind of on the side of thinking Speed
Racer is a good movie.
But I haven't seen it in quite a while.
But I remember liking it in theaters.
I know a lot of people said it was horrible.
It's kind of nightmarish to look at.
But it's also kind of exciting to look at.
You just like gross slop, Case.
Yeah, I like a little bit of gross slop.
But I don't think Speed Racer counts as slop, actually.
I think the McCausies were kind of cooking on that one.
And they never got their just reward of people telling
them it was good.
Well, now there's apparently cult fans of it.
So they get to have it both ways, just like their show
about all the people that have sex in their brains or
whatever.
Six or whatever.
What was that show called?
The Netflix Show.
There's like a polycule.
I watched it and I already forgot what it is.
That's 100% slop and it's great.
Both can be true.
Yeah, Sense 8 is what I'm thinking of.
So the reason that came out of my brain is six.
They should have considered calling the show six.
Well, I guess it didn't do that well for them.
So didn't it do OK for them?
I think it got two seasons.
That's pretty good for Netflix.
I liked Sense 8.
It's super Wachowski-y.
And occasionally, I don't even know the word for it.
I guess overwrought would be a word that comes to mind.
But I enjoyed it.
And I honestly, the only Wachowski thing I haven't seen
or also going to be doing a how-to today, I think is
the most recent Matrix movie.
I just couldn't make myself to do it.
But maybe I should watch it.
Because usually when people say their stuff is trash, I
watch it and I'm like, nah, that's pretty good.
It got canceled, but fans made such a big deal.
They brought it back for a two-hour finale.
The finale was like an add-on?
I did not know that.
And I think anyway, outside of the original Matrix,
I think a lot of the stuff either Wachowski has made
together or separately.
I'm not actually fully familiar with their output.
Tends to kind of divide people a little bit.
But hey, even the Matrix 2 had that scene where he fights
all the Agent Smiths in the park.
And that was bad.
They all looked like gumbees.
Yeah, but they're gumbees doing exciting moves.
You didn't enjoy their gumbeeing?
I don't like Agent Gumbe Smiths.
Matrix 4 was terrible.
That's what I heard.
That's part of why I was like, hey, I'll just skip it.
Why besmirch the memory of the first one?
That was already kind of besmirched two times in a row.
Weren't we talking about news?
No, we're done.
It's all about the Wachowski and the Speed Racer now.
So we don't have to talk about pro ads.
Pro ads, professional advertising.
We're going back to the story now, Rick.
And you've got to read it.
Can we at least change the picture?
Now you've got to stand by his statements.
You've got to put your face next to his face.
I'm not standing.
I'm just trying to cover this fairly.
The existence of an Israeli Google Ads campaign
to discredit the UN's primary aid agency for Palestinian
refugees, UNRWA, was similarly reported by Wired last year.
Hadas Maimon, head of the Public Awareness for Israeli's
diaspora ministry, stated during the March 2nd Knesset
hearing that for almost a year now,
we have been leading a major campaign on the issue of UNRWA.
The Israeli government ads on Google's platforms
accused the United Nations of deliberate sabotage of aid,
delivery into Gaza, and promoted the Gaza
Humanitarian Foundation, which is backed by Israel, the US,
and unnamed European countries.
One campaign promoted prosecution of the militant group
Hamas, which governs Gaza Strip for debunked allegations
of mass sexual violence.
So fine, case we get it.
It's bad.
You don't just get to say you get it while not caring at all.
That's not that I don't care.
I'm just saying I get it.
It's bad.
Yes, it's very bad.
These ads are seen by millions of people.
Look at their advertising page.
Look at the kind of stuff on it.
I won't even click on them.
You can just tell from the thumbnails.
OK.
Well, look, they're showing the starving kid.
Just ignore the words.
Sure, they might say stuff like real footage of food
seen in Gaza City.
But it's not like they're paying
Pokimane to go to Gaza and say everything's fine.
They are paying other people to do that.
Yeah, but not Pokimane.
Stop besmirching the name of Pokimane.
Yes, they're not doing that with her.
I don't think she would do that.
But they did do this.
Eight minutes now.
Joe, are you sure?
If I were Israel, I wouldn't even provide matching socks
to Gaza.
But here's all the aid that y'all claim doesn't exist.
Share this with a friend who continues
blaming Israel for everything.
The hands are starving.
I'll see you children.
I'm here in Gaza, and all I see is food, water,
and opportunity.
But instead of Hamas distributing the ramen noodles,
they're eating it all.
And that's why their leaders are on ozampic.
Jig-jag.
So that's not on fleek?
Do people still say that?
Rick, you should never say that ever.
And it's not.
Come on, that one influencer was really serving up
some attitude.
Yeah.
In the middle of Gaza food distribution
palettes that are just sitting in a fucking parking lot.
You know, maybe if they wanted to do convincing propaganda,
they could have been handing some of that stuff out.
Yeah, but it's there.
We know that there's available food.
Yeah, that's the problem.
How much money are their souls worth?
You should see some of these contracts.
Probably less than you think.
There is also recently the semi-scandal
of the David Pakmans of the world getting $8,000 a week
from some democratically funded attempt
to build up an influencer campaign.
Anyway, honestly, that's less awful than whatever
the fuck we just watched.
That's not what those people are being funded directly by.
I guess the IDF.
Redefining the term private contractor.
OK, so you're kind of a private contractor?
No, I'm not.
I'm a Twitch streamer slash freelancer.
Those are just terms.
Ultimately, you're a private contractor.
If you got the call, you wouldn't
fly down there to read a script?
No, I wouldn't.
I would not do that.
But you're going to blame these folks for doing that?
Yes.
Yeah, I think you can blame these people for doing that.
And I think you can blame Israel for spreading propaganda
about starvation not happening that's currently, as I'm
speaking, right now happening.
Let's go back to the story, actually,
because that seems safer than the videos we're watching.
Despite the denial about the famine, prominent Israeli
government voices have championed the effort to cut off food
and water to Gazans as a strategy for including mass migration
out of the territory.
In my opinion, you can beseech them, said Bezal Smotrich.
The Israeli finance ministry and a coalition partner
to Netanyahu's government, no water, no electricity.
They can die of hunger or surrender, Smotrich said.
But he's just a prominent member of their government.
Prominent members of our government
say awful stuff all the time.
We're supposed to take them seriously?
Yes.
As to that as well, Rick.
Well, you're just being disagreeable today.
You're just saying crazy things.
Let's just see what else is in here.
Didn't one of them say they wanted to put them on a diet?
Well, as you just saw from that one serving,
that one of those fierce influencers,
they're making ozempic jokes, which I believe Netanyahu has
also said in Fox News interviews.
I think he's like, they don't need,
Hamas doesn't need more aid, they need ozempic.
I believe, you know what, I should look this up
before I just start slandering.
Well, you know, I don't actually care about slandering him,
but I do think that's literally a thing he said.
Yeah, yeah, this is a thing that, oh, this is a different guy.
This is a different guy.
Hamas, you said needs ozempic.
Yeah, OK, never mind, he did say it.
August 14th.
So I'm not making things up.
But jokes, now your anti-comedy case,
didn't you hear that it's back?
Yes, I've heard that, Rick.
Just throwing your fellow comedians under the bus.
You mean Netanyahu, the comedy stylings of Netanyahu?
Put the caution tape over his mouth,
and he's dropping an album.
An album?
A comedy album.
Yeah, maybe it was with the Melk Boys, I don't know.
Anyway, according to an estimate from the US-based nonprofit
human rights activists, in Iran, at least 436 Iranian civilians
were killed by Israeli airstrikes, which
is also something that was being denied in the various propaganda
campaigns released all over YouTube.
There have been some protests, actually, at jokes on you cases
always been against comedy.
That's true.
That's why I do a Twitch news comedy show.
One of the most destructive things
to the possibility of comedy ever.
There have been protests, though, at, I think, both Google
and Microsoft.
However, outside of a full strike that's more organized
by the employees, unfortunately, those types of actions
are always hard to put pressure on the leadership of these huge
tech moguls, unless large chunks of the company
are basically quitting or striking.
And there have been larger protests
because they employ so many people.
But, for instance, here's the Google CEO talking about cracking
down on protests in his own company.
You recently fired Google employees
who were protesting this contract with the Israeli
government for cloud services.
It seemed like a distinct change in tone for a company that's
historically welcomed all kinds of views.
Why did you take this stand?
I think when we have cases, including in this case,
where a few employees in a cross not be able to watch
in the code of conduct and disrupt
the productivity of the workplace or do so in a way
that it makes other people feel uncomfortable,
I think we have to take action.
And that's what we are doing.
There's nothing to do with the topic they are discussing.
It's about the conduct of how they went about it.
There you go.
Tone is everything case.
I know you love to be dismissive of that
and just talk about butts pooping out
jizz or whatever you talk about.
When do I talk about that?
Probably at least a couple of times per stream.
Yeah, but only once or twice per stream.
Tone matters is my point.
And they were being rude about their company
participating directly and profiting off of war.
War is kind of generous in this case.
Sort of just profiting off mass slaughter.
War.
Butt poop jizz is an awful Twitch username.
Yes.
Who even suggested that?
I guess me.
Anyway, the next time you see a YouTube ad
from about the situation in Israel,
I'm sure you would have already been a bit incredulous,
but just know at least Google's making money off of it.
So that's still happening.
Somebody's gotta make money off the propaganda case.
Someone's gonna get paid.
Why not our tech giants?
They need money to plow into data centers.
We're never gonna have huge data centers
that will be functional for years
and definitely won't become outdated
as new chips get released within months.
And then that money's gotta come from somewhere.
I just can't wait for us to have nuclear silos
filled with invidia chips that get replaced
within a year and need another $500 billion expenditure
just so that we can generate.
What are people generating now?
I think it's still like Trump Miyazaki stuff.
I don't think we've moved on from that.
It's just sort of that.
It's good stuff.
Oh, also like the vlogs.
Like what if a Spartan soldier was vlogging in Sparta?
That'd be funny.
And then it is.
So we're putting that money to work.
Just know not all money is spent.
Not all money is given from moral people.
That doesn't mean we can't put it to moral use.
Like what if the cat in the hat had a vlog?
And you can see that in like 10 seconds.
It could only be 10 seconds long.
What if the cat had a seven to 10 second vlog?
And then you can see that.
Okay, take it all back.
That's pretty good.
It's pretty good stuff that we're doing.
And I don't appreciate you just giving me all of the stories
about world tragedies,
starting to feel like you don't like me, case.
I dislike you, Rick.
I tell you that every time I see you, you should quit.
I can't.
I'm not a quitter.
I'm actually an American.
So I'll be back.
I'll be back permanently as the new owner of Ben.
No, that's not a thing.
Oh, you don't want it to give it to me?
I'm assuming you want to give this away.
Surprisingly, I want to keep my stream.
That's confusing, but okay, fine.
The offer's on the table.
I'll take it over.
Until then, take over your brain by leaving it open
to all the information that slops in there.
From whether it's the cat in the hat vlogging
or these two babies arguing,
or maybe a little ad you see right before your favorite
YouTube video, like a mukbang or something,
that just happens to be about mass killing.
Just leave your brain wide open
so that we can fill it up with all the good stuff.
I'm Rick.
You're having even worse outro than Chet.
I think I did pretty good actually.
Oh yeah, my voice is extra deep today.
Hello everybody.
We're back in the theater, ready to take on some
cinematic masterpieces in the form of trailer.
Today, I'm of course Trent.
That's my parole officer who's here for some reason.
That's right, I'm Chris.
I'm his parole officer.
I legally have to be here for confusing reasons.
Thank you for the concise intro.
Well, thank you for thanking me.
It's good to respect each other, isn't it?
No reason for me to disagree with that.
He's behaving himself today
because he's been skipping out
on his publicly mandated community service.
Didn't show up the last couple of streams.
Well, it's a confusing schedule in my defense, okay?
And I don't think case even stream,
but you still have to be here.
Counts towards your hours.
How many hours do I have left?
A lot still, because you doubled them.
I doubled them.
That's what happens when you skip.
Man, fuck.
So I have like six left, at least.
Damn it.
Someday I'm gonna be done with this
and then I can finally do the stream
I've always wanted to, which is,
I kinda wanna like hit my friends with crowbars
called the crowbar trend challenge.
We just slap each other with crowbar slaps.
It's like the slap show, but with crowbars.
I wanna make that a stream.
I think it could be huge.
That just sounds like you're assaulting each other.
Yeah, exactly.
It'll be sick.
You're gonna kill each other.
Dude, you're getting it.
Jesus.
Can we make that a new sub-hole?
Can we?
No, it's against terms of service, I'm assuming.
Not if we stream at the cool site.
It's not this one.
Cool one, we can hit each other with crowbars.
No.
All right, fine.
I guess we'll just watch movies, Jesus.
It trailers, whatever.
Crowbar nut tap coming to bin.
Oh, we could hit each other with the nuts with crowbars.
Then we're not killing each other.
We're just doing nut shots, which are pure comedy.
You'll do permanent damage to your testicles
by hitting each other repeatedly with crowbars.
Dude, a fight club, but it's all crowbars.
What is with you and crowbars?
They're funny, man.
They're like, why do they even exist?
Why are they called crowbars?
Can't really get it.
All right, I'm looking up a trailer.
This is the worst thought experiment.
It's not an experiment, dude.
It's a dream.
We haven't watched trailers in a bit,
so hopefully we got some good stuff.
The long walk, a house of dynamite.
28 years later, the bone temple.
Oh, okay.
Another one.
28 years later or still.
I thought they were gonna go 280 years later.
Oh, 28 decades later in the far future
is what I think it should be.
Or just a direct sequel called
28 Years Later, the Bone Temple.
Well, that's what they went with.
Let's see how they're doing.
Trying to predict the future
is a discouraging hazardous occupation.
It may not even exist at all.
Oh, what is this?
It's getting spooky.
I cannot see.
Many of the things we take for granted
will one day pass away completely.
I openly don't know.
Is that the dick guy?
When that time comes,
men will no longer communicate.
Yeah, the bone temple for real.
Barbarism.
Are they all blonde?
The incredible chains we've experienced
and survived.
Yeah, that's Ray Fiennes.
Ralph Fiennes.
Are still to come.
Are you ready?
Bone temple unleashed.
There's already a new one.
Yeah, I guess so.
I guess they're on a less than a year later release date.
I think it came out a year ago.
I don't really know how time works either anymore.
Where all kind of just our brains have been liquidated
by a media broth that's a little too hot.
So I can't tell.
It was filmed right after.
Okay, you just get like Ray Fiennes for the weekend.
I guess he just kind of move them through.
It was like three months ago.
That feels right to me.
Nah, that's like a year ago, dude.
We live in dog years.
What? We live in dog years now.
That's what part of why I'm so old.
You do look like you live in dog years.
I'll give you that, young blood.
Well, so do you.
Wait, you just said we do.
3.17 stars.
I don't really get the world still.
Still is just the UK fucked up.
Cause then that's just, isn't that just normal?
UK is not as bad as people say it is.
I don't know, dude.
Based on the media I watch and the ads I see on YouTube,
I think the UK is probably pretty fucked up.
Stop watching those YouTube ads.
Dude, that's important.
I gotta support the creators.
Billionaires bunker, dude.
That's where I plan on retiring.
This is probably about cool guys retiring.
Let's see how the other half lives
in a bunker for billionaires or whatever this is.
It's movie time.
It's a trailer.
Time to watch the full film, everyone.
I'm so nervous.
Where do you want to go?
Billionaires bunker.
You and your family are one of the few privileged
who are going to have the possibility to survive
in a safe place in case of cataclysm.
I can't believe it.
We are prepared for any external contingency.
The question is, are you going to survive here?
How do I escape from an accident
leaving your girlfriend and mum on the floor?
This is pretty sexy, bunker.
We're trying to reunite our families again.
And to live in peace, especially with this guy.
You could have been disinternated and gone.
But you would have to go to hell.
Again.
We have a problem.
The strongest are ending with...
It's kind of like Fallout, but...
I don't see my father killing.
Foreign?
No.
If your father is one of the first to put me in boxes.
Everything's...
Oh, it's that mansion they use in everything.
It's like...
The Magneton.
I love that movie.
I don't know if you're provoking me or you're like that.
No.
They're provoking me.
I'm with my family.
I'm a murderer.
But we have to hold the gun.
Because the low grave is open.
Kind of looks like Fallout.
Love that title screen was a little Fallout-y to me.
That's probably the only similarity I can think of
between it and Fallout.
Not the whole premise.
And the look, but orange swapped.
Nah, it's a whole different look in there.
Just looking like orange Fallout.
But...
I mean, maybe it's good.
I don't know.
They also punch each other like this.
Ah!
That's how people punch in the apocalypse.
Because you're like primal at that point.
You're just going King Kong on motherfuckers.
That's just facts.
You'll end up doing that in the apocalypse, dude.
And I'm not gonna invite you to my Billionaire's Bunker
because honestly, we're not that close.
I wouldn't expect you to.
Weird to say.
I'm telling you, we do spend a lot of time together, actually.
Nah, dude, you're not coming.
You're not.
What? Would you have a Billionaire's Bunker?
I will, dude. It's in my plan.
It's in my 10-year plan.
Your plan is to get rich and then for the world to end?
Nah, not end.
Be reborn in my Billionaire's Bunker.
Alien Earth is good.
Kendall didn't want to watch it.
Said Case, to me.
So, I don't watch stuff unless Case says I have to.
That's a weird policy.
I'm your parole officer.
Yeah, but I only respect Case.
You do?
Nah, not really.
Oh, OK, well, that makes sense.
Maybe I'll tell Case to watch it by himself like an adult.
That's not how relationships work.
You have to watch shows together or it's a fracture.
It's a betrayal.
Hmm.
That sounds pretty bitch-made.
You sound pretty rude right now.
Marvel Animations Marvel Zombies.
What if the zombies were heroes?
Or villains?
What?
It's what a superhero is with zombies.
The movie.
Joe?
Is it like a what-if thing?
I don't know. It's zombies, but one of them is probably Wolverine or something.
Let's see what it is.
All of them.
And they're coming for us.
All right, we got a world to save.
What a zombie.
Shit.
OK.
Whoa.
And this is Disney Plus.
That makes it kind of funny.
But she's a zombie.
Does she even care?
Oh, now she does.
Whoa.
That's how you do that, then.
Wow.
Good news, Paul Rudson.
I think we have to outlaw that thing where they show 20 celebrities' names
at the end of an animation trailer.
I'm just not impressed anymore.
They need to do 100 celebrities or none.
But those are the people in it.
Yeah, but I just don't care.
Like, it's not impressive to me anymore.
If you don't have 100 celebrities, then don't even list them.
I think it's just basic marketing.
I do. That's not working on me anymore.
I will watch that because it's violent, but they're lucky.
Marvel's Zombie Comics started great.
Got shit quick.
This could be the same.
I've actually read the first Marvel Zombies comic
as a literate man.
Oh, you are as a fully literate guy.
I've read one of the cartoon books.
And I agree that the first one is kind of fun,
but it seems kind of like a fun, kitschy premise
that if you did too many times.
Would maybe wait, this thing's not running.
There you go.
Seems like a fun, kitschy premise
that if you ran too many times might get kind of like,
well, what are the rules here?
Why is this a thing?
Because at a certain point,
like if everybody's super into zombie,
well, the comics kind of get into that.
It's like intergalactic virus at some point
being spread from both world to world and reality to reality.
It's an unstoppable force of zombie.
I don't know.
That kind of sounds kind of just like,
sort of sounds exhausting.
I can't just be like a zombie.
Isn't the point of a zombie that's kind of weak
and easy to kill, but can get you sick
because they're meant to be like starving poor people?
That's not what zombies are.
No, isn't that the basic zombie fantasy?
Is the power trip is a surviving human
that you get to brutally murder a bunch of people
that have it coming?
No.
Anyway, four stars.
Well, I guess that's all the trailers for the day.
Oh, it's like a movie.
It's a Marvel Zombies movie featuring,
what are they named?
The Buck Hammers, the Buck Cherries?
The Thunderbolts.
They should have been the Buck Cherries.
Then I would have remembered it.
It's the Thunderbolts.
And then they get maybe a new name, no spoilers.
You just spoiled it though, your piece of shit.
What?
With respect.
Oh, my bad then.
All right, that's all the time we have.
We did in fact watch three full films today.
Oh, all right.
Watched three whole movies today.
So that's pretty good for like 20 minutes.
And next time we'll probably watch three more
because you do in fact know what it is.
See you soon.
Just thrashing my head over here
the whole time I'm not on camera guys.
It's why my hair always gets so crazy.
Eagle Eye Cherry was the save tonight guy.
Eagle Eye Cherry, that's a pretty good name.
Okay, what do we have today?
We got a debate.
We got a how to.
We'll do a little news rundown and a trip.
I think I will disable the segments.
Is that sounds like a whole heap in a lot of segments.
Okay, let's, oh and I don't have a thing for it.
We have to do in a circle and a circle jerk.
Exactly.
That's what I should have named it in circled jerk.
Now that's clever.
I guess we could do that.
Let's do that for now.
Let's do this new segment.
Didn't see yesterday.
I made a whole new segment.
That's a really crazy idea that I had and it's original.
It's a really good idea that I specifically had
for a segment.
And that's why it's so impressive.
And today it's one fan of Speed Racer
versus the 30 people that aren't fans of Speed Racer.
I guess I'm a fan of Speed Racer,
but I don't know if I'm qualified.
You know, I'll ask Trent if he's a fan of Speed Racer.
We just saw Trent.
But assuming Trent's a fan of Speed Racer,
maybe I should let him talk.
Cause he's kind of our movie guy.
If he's there though, just,
I need to get, I need to spread 30 beanies
amongst the contestants
because they all need to wear beanies.
It's in Trent's contract.
My son, anything he'd be like a nephew.
You know?
Who else even is this?
No, it's gotta be Trent.
He lost the beanie.
No, don't worry.
I got a whole stack of beanies.
Obviously I only have one,
there's only one Trent beanie, so.
Anyway, oh, before we go to the segment though,
we have to make some claims for Trent.
And then you can send counter claims
using exclamation point CC followed by your counter claim.
But we need some claims as to why Speed Racer
is actually a really good movie.
If anybody has any ideas, just to help Trent out.
Cause you know,
he's not always the best at articulating
his thoughts quickly.
And just as an example, there's a monkey in it.
That's actually a thing he would definitely like.
Okay, yeah, that's our first claim.
It has John Goodman,
that's another really good point actually.
You guys are winning me over immediately.
It has John Goodman.
The 1960s anime is better,
is more of a counter claim.
The colors are sick.
I think the third claim should just be colors.
Exclamation point.
And I think that pretty much sums it up.
Oh, and then I might need to change this title to be shorter.
The exact phrasing though is one person
who thinks Speed Racer was the greatest movie of all time.
I'm gonna change it to Speed Racer fan versus haters.
30 haters for Speed Racer fan.
But just so you know,
they do think it's the greatest movie of all time.
And by that I mean Trent thinks
it's the greatest movie of all time.
And I've got his back on this one.
I think he's right.
Okay, it's time to get encircled everybody.
Let's see what these people have to say to Trent.
A true movie buff.
I just think soda's better without ice.
I just think you should be dead.
Music is bad and it's bad for you.
What?
A sock on the door means a crime is happening.
Okay, but I don't really get where I am.
Damn, I'm pulling fucking double duty today.
How come I gotta be red?
I wanna be blue actually.
Yeah, I'm blue.
I'm team blue.
Everybody else is team red.
Blue team go.
Is this this is counting towards my hours?
I don't know where Chris is.
This is counting towards my hours.
Do this and we had the same thought as me.
And my answer is it fucking better.
I will riot.
I don't care what a motherfucker here does to me.
Don't let my still body confuse you.
Look how fucking swell I am.
I will fuck all you up.
I will fuck you up if this doesn't count
towards my community service hours.
Damn, I look good.
Damn, I like how I look in this shot.
There's a monitor I can see myself.
I feel like I look great.
I need to do some crunches.
What do you mean?
This is one of those fucking bodybuilder like muscle packs.
It's a one pack.
That's all you need if it's a strong enough pack.
Seven minutes.
No, we changed it to five.
Fuck, it says seven, but it's gonna be five.
It better be.
Well, anyway, there's no time for this shit.
There's no time for this.
I gotta take these haters out
because my first claim is obviously true.
And my first claim is that there's a monkey in it.
Take that.
Losers, there is.
Hi, my claim is there weren't enough scenes
with Kevin Spacey teaching Speedraiser
how to count cards.
It could have been a good film, if not for that.
What the fuck are you talking about?
Kevin Spacey even in it?
Like what the hell?
Kevin Spacey's not in the film.
And that's another big problem with it.
Your armyman is,
your armyman is that like if someone's not in a movie,
then that's a problem with the movie.
I think Kevin Spacey should be in it.
And for the time,
I understand since Speedraiser came out,
he's become controversial.
But at the time he wasn't.
He's a beloved actor.
See, I personally think it's a little crazy
that he's not in it.
Dude, you're trying to take Kevin Spacey.
And I do kinda get your point
because at the time he was one of the greats.
One of the greats for sure.
But since then, dude, he's become like,
I think he did, I think he like,
molested the queen's kids or something.
That's not true at all,
but he did do other stuff.
Well, whatever, he did something fucked up.
And you're trying to use that to say Speedraiser is bad.
Meanwhile, there's a monkey actually in it.
Like what do you have against fucking monkeys?
I don't have anything as monkeys.
I mean, I don't think they can carry a film.
Really.
Tell that to fucking Curious George.
The curious little monkey who had his own curious
little movie.
Tell that to fucking Ronald Reagan
who played a monkey or some shit
and then became president.
Well, no, he was in like a movie with a monkey.
Same thing, dude.
Fucking ridiculous.
You call yourself a film buff?
You don't even know the history of monkeys.
And if I tell it to King Kong,
he's a gorilla, a fucking monkey.
Exactly.
Tell that to Donkey Kong
who now has his own world at the epic universe.
What have humans done that so good?
Whether we've been in more movies than monkeys.
Prove that, dude.
Fucking prove that.
I just, I feel like it's a non-controversial statement.
We've been in more films than,
we've been in more films than monkeys.
Hold, you've been voted out by the group.
Okay.
Can I take this beanie off, please?
Cause I-
Oh, what the hell?
Is there a soft cushiony landing?
Oh, there is not.
Shoulder read your contract, dude.
No cushions.
We pulled no punches.
There's no cushioning here.
And also that we did set it to three minutes.
We set it to five minutes
cause we're already down to three minutes.
Well, we might have to shorten this even more.
Might be more of like four minute timers.
We'll figure it out together though.
Serve up the next one.
I'm not fucking scared.
What, me again?
You're mean Sonic feet not Sonic just his feet.
Mean Sonic feet not Sonic just his feet.
Look, I don't wanna beat Gizmo.
I agree with you.
Can you turn into someone else, Gizmo?
Can I water you?
What happens if I water you?
I turn into this guy.
Oh, good.
Cause I don't mind killing this guy.
You watered me before midnight
and I turned into this guy.
Man, that's a huge, that's a huge come down, man.
It's actually different rules for me.
It's before midnight.
What's your claim?
Prop, mm, it needed Sonic feet.
It needed Sonic feet, not Sonic just his feet.
That's my claim.
What the hell?
Again, Sonic's not, are Sonic's feet even in the movie?
Well, Speed Racer wears shoes
that I feel like are similar to Sonic.
His helmet is red and white.
That's a similar color to Sonic.
I feel like it has sense his feet are in it.
I just don't remember that even be,
I mean, there's a monkey in it.
Did you notice there's a monkey?
Well, but yeah, the monkey doesn't have Sonic's feet
and the monkey's not Sonic.
If you're gonna, if you're going to have,
you know, character that's a creature,
personally, I feel like it should be Sonic.
And you think that's true in any movie?
Yeah, I think any movie that has a creature,
it'd be better if it was Sonic.
What about Alien?
People talk about Alien earlier,
it would be better with Sonic.
Yeah, it would be.
It'd be a superior film, the Alien film,
by Ridley Scott, if the Alien was Sonic.
You could still perform the actions of the Alien,
burst out of the chest and you could still have
blood that decays people, but at the end of the day,
if he was Sonic, it would be a more enjoyable film.
And he could say, he could hit us with tons of attitude.
What the fuck would Sonic even have to say?
Thank you, Jesus.
Hold, you've been voted out by the group.
Okay, well look, I understand
that maybe not everybody agrees with me,
but I do think it's important to say
that Sonic would really help in every single movie
he could possibly be and I really do hit.
You guys did the right thing there,
because what he was saying was fucking insane.
Okay, bring him up, serve it up, who's next?
You don't have much time, we're almost out of time, I think.
One minute, is that really two minutes?
This timer, time slows down when we have these conversations
or this timer's actually slow.
Anyway, next person.
Oh goody, my claim is why didn't Speed Racer
bang the girl next door?
You like a Disney villain, what's happening?
Stop equivocating, answer my claim.
Tell me if you're a Disney villain.
I don't have to tell you that.
Why didn't Speed Racer have sex?
Didn't he kind of have, I always assumed he fucked the girl.
There's a girl and I'm pretty sure they fuck.
I mean, probably off camera
because it's rated like G or something.
The film is not rated G, you don't even know the film.
Shut the fuck up, it's rated what I tell you it's rated.
I can't talk like this, I can't talk like this.
If you're gonna talk like this, then why are we even talking?
It's rated fucking penis for fuck you.
No, okay, look, we need to respect each other
if we're gonna have this conversation.
How about you respect my fucking navel
and lick my fucking belly button?
Whoa, that's so fucked up to say.
I will not do that.
Can we settle down?
Now, look, answer my claim, okay?
Why didn't he bang his girlfriend?
I'm telling you he fucking did.
You just don't have to show that shit.
Do I have to show you that I fucked
right before this segment?
Cause I'll show you the pictures if you need to.
No, no, with who?
Fucking a really hot girl.
I did that off camera.
Okay, pause, that's time.
Please wait in your seat.
Okay, well, can I still see the photo?
Oh, wait, are there other pictures down here?
I'm curious.
Now we'll never get to see him.
That's fine.
I wasn't gonna show him anyway, he didn't earn it.
He straight up did not earn it.
All right, who else wants a piece of this today?
Cause I have a whole new claim for your ass.
So y'all better get ready cause I'm not afraid
to bring the same level of ferocity
to this type of debate that I've been bringing.
There's nobody even over there.
Just staring at an empty chair right now.
You guys look stupid.
You're just waiting here for me to destroy you.
Anyway, my next claim is it's got, it has John Goodman.
Fucking John Goodman isn't it?
Are you kidding me?
Jesus.
Shoot, speed racer is just too fast, too furious for kills.
It's all about the kills.
Man, you all right?
Well, I'm fine.
I prefer not to be doing this.
I'm pretty tired, but we must talk about it, we must.
You think it's just fast and furious for kids?
I think that's pretty reductive in what sense.
It's bright colors, it's racing.
No, look, you're disrespecting both films by saying that.
Fast and the furious is about street culture
and car culture.
Speed racer is about a joyous expression
of avant-garde, colorful art and speed.
They both are about speed,
but there can be two movies that are about
a vaguely similar subject.
Like The Avengers and Sleepless in Seattle
are both essentially about a group of rogue misfits.
Wow, wait, no, no.
You get the point though,
just because it's got one shared theme,
it doesn't mean that it's about the same thing.
I think it's a pretty good point.
Well, you don't have to say it's a good point
if it's a good point.
Really though, really.
It's racing movies.
It's racers.
If Snidely Whiplash and his dog,
that old racing show, if it had a movie,
it'd be fast and the furious, but for kids.
Okay?
I didn't know what you're fucking talking about.
I'm too young.
The Hannah Barbera Racers cartoon.
It's a similar level of quality.
So I don't care what kind of argument you drum up
about frenetic art, pop art.
This is an Andy Warhol we're dealing with.
We're dealing with a product for teenagers,
a dusted for an even younger audience of kids.
And if it's your favorite movie, I'm sorry,
you need to evolve your taste.
No, enjoyment, favorite movie also,
when we should clarify this,
favorite movie is just about the movie
that gets your rocks off the hardest.
Well, no, that's what?
The movie that makes you fucking just like
kind of feel crazy like specifically in your growing.
That's your favorite movie.
And like, it doesn't even mean sexual.
It's just like the thing that titillates
your entire growing is your favorite film.
And the Speed Racer franchise
accomplishes that perfectly.
It's not even a very sexual film.
Tell that to like the guy from Lost who's in it.
And he looks, it's one of the few movies he even did.
Because he had to quit acting
because he was the Messiah of an island or something.
And he looks good as shit in that.
And also the other kid who doesn't seem to be
in that much stuff anymore is young and looking good.
And there's a monkey and also John Goodman's in it.
Even if you're an auto sexual,
then it's probably extra good.
I'm just saying like, it's like,
it's like if you could fucking airhead,
that's what Speed Racer is.
But with John Goodman, why would fucking an airhead be good?
No, like the, if you could fuck the concept of an airhead.
Can you imagine what that'd be like?
That balloon giving you dome
like in a psychedelic neon universe.
Sorry, what's your argument here?
You want to be flated by the airhead balloon.
And that's why Speed Racer is worthy
for serious consideration as a good movie.
Yeah, you articulated it perfectly
because I articulated it so well the first time.
No, I mean, I rearticulate
because what you said is so stupid.
Did this, well, you think that's how you debate somebody
is by disrespecting them?
I feel like your argument itself is just,
what can you even say?
We're so far off even talking about what a movie is.
What do you think is a quality of the movie
that's actually worthy of serious consideration?
John Goodman.
I think John Goodman being, it makes it more serious
because he's been in like King Ralph.
He's been in like, he's in like movies with John Candy.
Like he's a serious actor.
He's been in, I mean, I agree with you there.
I don't love your choices.
You know, he's been an old brother where I thought
he's been in honestly innumerable serious contenders.
It's a cinematic masterpieces.
Arachnophobia is not one of them.
You're not, you're, you're, you're fighting me right now.
You're not fighting Chad.
Wild, if they're gonna say, Arachnophobia,
is he even in that?
Is he even, of course he's in that
because he likes fun movies, which is not a crime.
And just because something's fun doesn't make it,
means for kids, a big fucking spiky dildo can be fun.
And that's not something that's appropriate for children.
What are you talking about?
Why would it be spiky?
I'm just saying shit for kids is,
it's just because it's.
Okay, pause.
That's time.
Please wait in your seat.
What were you, can we get rid of him for the,
oh shoot, I'm falling for sure.
He couldn't handle the ferocity of my debate.
This guy thought he was making points.
Oh, the, the direction he was pointing was down, it turns out.
Okay, I have one final claim.
He's winning you over.
There's no mechanism for him to win.
He can only lose.
I want you all to think about that.
There's no chance for any of you.
There's only one thing you can do in this segment
and that's lose.
All right.
Who's next?
Yeah, you or whoever.
Any one of you, my next claim is colors.
It's got them.
Big time.
Let's do this.
The title was misleading.
I thought this was the Fast and the Furious version
of Breaking Bad.
Why is everybody so confused about like
what franchise this is or like,
why was I already comparing a movie to another movie?
It's not a different movie.
Comparating fiction is a classic way
to even break down what fiction is.
And I should know why.
Because I'm a guy who owns a race car helmet.
No one was more excited for this movie than me.
A guy who wears a race car helmet all the time.
Wait, you're not like a guy who does racing.
You're not a race car driver.
I certainly own a race car helmet.
So everyone who thinks that they were excited for this,
nah, I was the target demo.
And I was deeply disappointed.
Why does your race car helmet like open and close
all the time?
I mean, I'm just trying to get a good look at you.
I absolutely have a race car bed.
I'm a guy who has race car stuff.
Have you ever driven like a race car?
That's not a valid, that's not important.
The thing is, I am uniquely qualified
to decide if this movie was good
because I really like racing.
Just because you really like it,
it doesn't mean you're like the best person
to comment on it.
Like, I really like fucking,
but I shouldn't grade my own sex.
What?
Anyway, my point is that I did think
it was gonna be breaking bad.
Well, wait, if you're such a fan of racing,
why did you need it to be like breaking bad?
Because I'm also a fan of breaking bad.
I also make math.
I'm a guy who likes race car things and I make math.
Well, wait, you just wanted the two things
that you identify with to be what the movie was?
That's how it looked going in.
What that's, just because I fuck a lot
doesn't mean every movie I need to see is a porn.
You really are bringing up sex a lot.
Is that, if you have it good for you,
what does that have to do with anything?
What does you being a race car product owner
have to do with liking speed racer?
I was legitimately excited
both for the meth and fetamine production aspects
of the movie and the racing elements
and it delivered on neither.
Well, but okay, by your own criteria,
the movie had tons of colors in it, right?
It was colorful.
And I don't, I honestly, I mean,
everyone I know does math,
but I haven't had any yet.
But doesn't that make you like colors more?
I mean, it kind of, it sort of depends on,
I mean, it's just a number of factors.
So my point is it kind of was a meth movie.
It's a movie that you probably would enjoy more on meth,
meaning it's basically breaking bad.
What? No, that's why.
Just because you can watch a drug,
wait, you can take a drug and watch the movie.
Doesn't mean what you see now you're equivocating.
The only thing you know what equivocating means,
you're just a guy in a race car helmet
who wants the whole world to work on it.
Okay, see?
Hold, you've been voted out by the group.
What does that mean?
I haven't been paying close attention, honestly.
I can't see you super well out of my race car helmet.
Oh, okay, wait, am I still falling?
I can't actually, he almost made it.
He almost made it through the whole five minutes
at which point he would have faced the exact same consequence.
There's only one way off this ship and it's down.
But once again, my powerful words of silence
to another adversary.
Let's see who's ready to step up to the plate.
Good, good.
I think speed is drugs and drugs is dope.
So you're a fan of the movie.
I do think drugs are good.
Okay, so you think speed racer's good.
I think speed is good.
And I did not think speed was in the movie.
I didn't get speed from the movie.
Just so I'm clear on what you're saying,
you think the movie didn't give you speed like the drug.
And there, so wait, sorry, you expected the movie
to just be a drug, yes.
What do you think?
Do you think all movies are just the thing
that they're titled?
Yes.
So like Hotel Rwanda,
you thought you were going to stay in a hotel?
I did and the hotel was very bad.
That was violent and sad.
And I wanted a good hotel.
Okay, I kind of had some sympathy for this actually
as a guy who also usually thinks a movie should be
its title.
It would be kind of sick if you like,
not to stay in hotels, but like,
if you saw Hotel Transylvania and it was a hotel,
now you're getting it.
Cause that'd be nuts.
Like you're, you're staying in like a Dracula hotel
and that's what the ticket was for.
Now you're getting it exactly.
However, I think our problem here is
I don't associate speed with the drug.
Obviously that's a thing for sure.
But it's more importantly, it's going fast in a car,
which is clarified by the noun racer.
I actually learned sentences recently.
Wow, that's very good for you.
It's pretty hard, but I learned them a little bit.
And one of the things that you learn
is there's types of words.
And one, sometimes a word can actually modify another word.
And in this case, cause racer was one of the words.
I'm not sure I'm following.
Racers, sorry, you'll never know.
Okay, pause, that's time.
Please wait in your seat.
What do you, I don't, again,
that's not my first language is actually English.
I'm still following, but it's a very fast rate.
But I'm gone.
I'll fucking beat everybody.
That's all the claims.
The clock has been zeroed out.
And I hope you feel like you learned something.
Haters, come and do a place just to shit on
a different, talented directing duo,
and or one of them I can't remember is hard work,
making a colorful ass spectacle using
at the time, cutting edge technology
that now sort of looks insane.
But at the time is impressive and in its own way still is.
My point is that I hope you figured out that this is good.
That speed racer is good is my point.
I hope you all think about how wrong you were
and how I proved all of you wrong
and how the greatest movie of all time
is actually speed racer.
Because of the colors, because of John Goodman.
And because of course there's a monkey in it.
None of you were able to refute those points.
You were coming with that weak shit.
And that's just not the place for that.
This is a place where our opinions
are forged in fire and falls.
And you fell to my mighty words.
We'll see you next time on another episode of Circle Jerk.
What's this called?
It should be called Circle Jerk.
If you just left that,
you just like left that sitting there.
You didn't call this saying with Circle Jerk.
I think you're crazy.
Because that is a better title.
And we'll see you next time bye bye.
What's this?
Why is there different music for the outro?
Only I get to do that.
Whatever.
Great news everybody.
I'm out of the wall just for now.
You're smiling.
No, that's grimace.
I just smiled for me.
Hello, this is me, Peter Grimace.
Just gonna see you all.
I'm ready to read some news.
What are we talking about today, case?
What's on your mind?
It's not what's on my mind, Peter.
It's what's on the mind of the world.
Is that how you think of what you do here?
Yeah.
Yeah, that is how I think of what I do here.
I feel like I look good in purple.
It really offsets the undertone of purple in my face.
Very under sort of a purple blue.
I've been told I look like a beautiful drowning corpse.
You've been told you look like a beautiful drowning corpse?
Yeah, like if that looked good,
that's kind of how I, like a pretty version of that.
You know?
So I'm just adjusting my hair.
Thank you, Card King, so much for the news subs.
Subs?
Maybe the community subs.
What's the term?
Newsosphere threw me off.
And also, because case is so rude,
and I don't think you think Shaggy
for the tier one gifted sub or Gram CD for the 36 months.
Shoot, did I not do those?
I don't think you did, Case.
And I don't think you think Nocturnasi for the follow.
If that was yesterday when I wasn't even streaming.
Who knows if they're even around?
And yet you claim to care about the news,
but you don't follow the news of your own subs.
Well, I'm going to talk about all the news
that you submitted because we're all pals here.
We're all good friends of me, Peter.
Quit telling people they're your friends, Peter.
It's not how it works.
They have to agree to be your friend.
They will.
You all will.
Because I'm going to click on your articles.
Like a friend would.
Oh, you want to do some kind of thing
you can do to send Peter away?
What?
That'd be kind of fun
if I had like a mechanism to banish you.
No, because I get to do my own thing too.
I get, I'm one of the guys.
I'm going to make that
so that when you show up, you can be banished.
Like a channel points reward?
No, I might tie it to bits.
I might monetize you, Peter.
I might monetize your pain.
Sending you away for a cost.
And I'm the evil one?
I never said you were evil.
You're just gross.
Just gross me out that you live on my wall.
You won't leave.
I've asked you so many times.
You just won't go.
Just leave, man.
Just get out of here.
I know you don't mean that.
I do mean it.
No, you don't.
Nah.
No, what you're telling me is to hurry up
and to read some of the news,
which is what I'll be doing.
Reading the news that you all sent.
You can submit the news at the cream dot team.
See?
Nobody's got a voice like me.
I don't think people do.
Skymer loves you.
Thank you.
I do need to hear that.
I do need to hear that.
Oh, I could have crag kick you,
Spartan style, into a hole.
What?
I can't be legal.
I'm your employee.
No, you're not.
I don't pay you, Peter.
You will.
No, I won't.
You don't work here.
Come on.
Oh my God.
Fine, if you're here,
then let's read some of the stories
that chat sent over.
But you should just leave, man.
We can't be friends like this.
We can never be friends now.
Because of how bad you've been.
You've been too bad.
Why did I do that show bad?
You're living on my wall
and you're not supposed to.
And also the smells and the rats.
Oh, you're blaming the rats?
Of course, you're blaming the rats
for all your problems.
No, I just don't want rats in my walls.
That's where they live.
You're saying what you're saying is insane.
But it's a mad world.
Speaking of, Feeva Colt Hero
and former Premier League ace, Victor Ibarbo,
is claimed to have hospitalized a woman during sex
and his member is said to reach halfway down his leg.
This is from The Daily Star.
Would you be shocked to hear
that this is a story from The Daily Star?
Rats backwards is star.
It's like fate.
Do we even need to read this story?
No, so let's read it.
Ibarro left Watford teammate, Alan Yam,
utterly gobsmacked during his first communal shower experience.
The first time I saw Ibarro in the shower,
honestly, I'd never seen anything like that
in the shower in my life.
I'd never seen anything like that in my life.
It wasn't normal.
It wasn't normal about this man, but everyone knows that.
If you talk about him in Italy or anywhere,
anywhere, sorry, I'm having sympathetic gagging reflex
for some reason.
You, Peter.
Anyway, it's not normal.
If you anywhere you talk about him, it's not normal.
He said it's not normal a lot.
He was also a tall guy about 1.9 meters tall
and honestly it reached more than halfway down his leg.
You know where we're all looking.
I'm just doing a pants check.
I hope the lady's okay.
I'd, well, you know what?
Let's just move on.
Let's just move on from this story.
I mean, it's weird to brag about hospitalizing a woman.
You wouldn't brag if you had to send a lady to the ER
because of your sexual dynamism.
He probably shouldn't say that, Peter.
Hard or soft?
It was halfway down.
If it's halfway down his leg, hard.
That's still impressive, but also,
it's kind of confusing for other reasons.
Well, if it's that long,
it's not gonna be able to stay up like this.
It's gonna be f-ing lapping all around
like a police baton and a broken wrist, you know?
Sloppy.
Why are you thinking about this so much?
Cause it's just the news.
Okay.
From the Guardian.
Hot Mike catches Putin and Xi,
discussing organ transplants and immortality.
Live footage of private conversations
between Russian president and Chinese leader
aired at Beijing military parade.
Oh, can we see a translated footage?
Oh, come on.
It's not even, there's no video?
Cause I speak, I speak the language of the wall.
So it might translate whatever they're saying
into just a vibe I can suss out.
We can look it up at least.
President Xi, Putin, immortality.
Give me a video.
Give me a video on this from CNN.
Will they play this for us?
What the fuck am I looking at?
Oh God, I hate Google.
Okay.
In the past, we used to say that very rarely
people live past 70.
But these days that 70 years, you are still a child.
Okay.
Those who are 75, 76, they have better
in a few years with development of biotechnology,
human organs can be constantly translated
so that people can live younger and younger
and even become immortal.
The prediction is that in this century,
humans may live to 150 years old.
And that's coming up.
I mean, that's from two of the most powerful men
on the planet.
So they would know.
I guess they'll be the first to have access
to such a thing.
I think like many powerful men throughout history,
powerful men, oh, but strong guys,
really big, strong guys.
They might be wish casting a little bit.
It's kind of a standard megalomaniacal thought
that you'll be the first one to buck the trend
of all of us turning into bones and dust.
But I think it's still in their future.
They don't have to worry.
Well, it sounds like they're worried about that happening.
Yeah, but they shouldn't worry about it.
They should embrace the grave.
What?
You just gotta embrace the grave.
It's waiting for us all.
It's cold embrace, it's comforting.
If you just allow yourself to succumb to it.
You know what I mean, Peter?
Are you threatening me right now?
What is this?
Hmm.
You could always just leave
if I'm making you uncomfortable.
Okay, well, I'm very comfortable
right where I am actually, so I'll keep reading.
From the Daily Mall again.
This morning, fans jeered, this is complete nonsense.
As girl who identifies as Pomeranian
defends living as a dog influencer.
Was this story designed in a lab
to piss off conservatives?
And also where is the story?
How is it all just asked?
What is this website?
Why is it like this?
Okay, let me try this again, guys.
I'm gonna reload.
I actually think a lot of conservatives
would love to identify as Pomeranian.
You know that girl?
Big J-Dub, I hope you really do.
Because I love an insider scoop.
What, God, this website really is just awful, holy shit.
I guess there's a video?
Can we even full screen this?
Okay, this is insane.
How this looks.
That's an ad.
We're gonna try to full screen this.
It's not working out.
Dog energy is also related to-
Okay, there we go.
Pomeranian, which is a person who likes
to wear ears and tail as an aesthetic.
I personally started identifying a year ago, actually.
It came across my TikTok feed
and I fell in love instantly.
And so why did you choose to be a Pomeranian?
What was it about that greened?
Okay, so-
The hosts are asking the hard questions.
When I was little, I remember being obsessed
with the cutest dog in the world.
I used to have the calendars and see them all around
in the mall and everything.
And I was like, wait, Pomeranians are so cute.
And since I'm short, it kinda just works.
Um.
Don't do my voice.
Sorry, I was just saying, um.
Okay.
It seems a little less, I don't know.
The headline is a little more salacious
than when you just see the dog influencer.
And it's just like a youngish girl in Pomeranian ears.
I think people get a little too hung up on the word identify
and it gets their backs up.
And they're like, not in my schools or something.
But you know what would really silence this
Pomeranian influencer is not writing stories about them
and giving them tons of free press.
So I guess good for her is actually the takeaway here.
Good for her for getting attention for,
as Chad is pointing out, her probably dog fetish content.
Dog person fetish.
I don't know the right fetish to reference here,
but it seems like one of them.
She was just trying to look cool
in front of the other dogs.
Mm-hmm.
And I think she succeeded.
Nothing impresses a dog more than getting onto,
I'm assuming some BBC morning show or whatever that was.
Does the Guardian have their own network?
Who knows?
Questions that will never be answered.
But maybe we can answer this
in the form of a headline.
What is jet belly and how to milk your gas
in your plane seat if you need a mid-flight toot?
Don't be confused by this video
that's auto-playing about Jeffrey Epstein.
This is about plane gas.
To get to the bottom of this phenomenon known as jet belly,
the post spoke to Dr. Brennan Spiegel,
who knows exactly what they're talking about.
It's a nickname for bloating.
Even though airplane cabins are pressurized,
they don't fully match sea level,
so your intestines inflate just a little bit,
just like when I go to Jimmy John's.
Soon as I enter the establishment,
my intestines instinctually grow a couple of inches
to make room for smooth passage of the roast beef
and cheese sandwich.
I'm about to slide down my throat like a snake.
It really doesn't help clarify
what this article is about, Peter.
Just so you know.
In 1969 study, researchers found that abdominal gas
in 18 military men who agreed not to fart
during a simulated fight more than quadrupled
as the attitude climbed from ground level
to nearly 30,000 feet.
Much like when I literally just opened the door
of any brick and mortar Jimmy John's.
Okay, yes, I get it.
You get gassy at Jimmy John's.
No, as I enter before I've even eaten,
the body is amazing what it will predict.
And it generates just space for me.
Simple and seat movements can make a big difference.
To do it, place your hands about two or three inches
below your belly and press gently and firmly.
Then start massaging toward your right side
in the direction of your right hip bone.
Oh, my right side, it's tightly over here.
It's trying to move some gas over,
chunk it down, Tetris your gases.
You wanna Tetris your gases case?
No, we have a lot of comments to get to.
I haven't been doing comments all stream.
So I'm just gonna ignore what you're saying and do that.
I don't have 150k channel points anymore
or I'd bribe you to do a 24 hour stream.
Damn, if you spent all 150k, I might have to.
24 hour all DJC for that will drive people insane.
24 hour all encircled stream, 24 hours.
All of it encircling.
Playing TES Arena.
Wait, what's TES Arena?
I probably know but I can't remember.
Trump order military fly over to drown out
the Epstein victims pressure.
Yeah, it feels like everything he's doing
is to drown out Epstein something.
Rick is ending starvation in Gaza,
the dead don't starve and that's on fleek.
Now you're sounding like an influencer, love the hate.
You should contact the certain governments
outside of the US or in the US actually.
Google used to have the motto, do no evil,
that is long gone.
They did literally change it I think.
I think they actually just knocked that out of the,
oh, Elder Scrolls Arena, okay.
I haven't played that at all actually.
Anyway, Banzai Bullfrog, you're correct.
I don't think, I just think that's not their motto
anymore now it's sponsored actually, I think is their motto.
I can't quit you.
You miss crumb, that can't be right.
And you still miss crumb.
Okay, oh no I broke it again.
Oh, I didn't break it, I fixed it.
Thank you for all the comments.
Someday I'll get better at actually clicking on them
as they come in.
Sorry, I was just massaging all the gas around
so I didn't even pay attention.
It's in my lower third quadrant now
but I'm ready to push it all the way out
if you want proof of concept here.
I really don't, I don't.
You can do that in wherever you go.
OTM Shanks, 99, thank you so much for the follow.
And if you wanna follow the course of my gas
just follow the tips of my fingies
as I massage my way down my intestinal tract.
That is one of the worst follow call outs
I have ever heard, Peter.
But not the worst, I don't know off the top of my head.
We do a pretty bad job around here
with a lot of things.
Okay, let's do one more story and you can pick, Peter.
Oh goody, let's see.
What sounds the most fun to me?
Peter G.
Eddie D.D.
How many words can end with E?
Oh, okay.
This should be helpful for you, Case.
Hmm, hmm.
What does calm taste like?
A medical expert explains how healthy semen tastes.
This is what you pick, Peter.
There was a long list of news and I got tired
and this is what my mouse ended on.
You followed a guy on Twitch but he never led me anywhere.
Been standing in my living room with snacks for three hours.
I'm so sorry.
Just hit him up in the Twitch DMs
until he comes and picks you up
because that's just rude.
Amen, brother.
Let's get back to calm taste.
Stop saying that.
I think we can't say that.
I think we can and I think we did.
And honestly, Case, it's just not gross.
It's just science.
It's just science.
I was trying to set shut up
because I want to be my pal.
Does it not count if I say it?
Science?
I was tempted to leave him hanging
because I am also getting pretty tired
of walking by his wallhole.
Things that come out of Peter's wallhole are,
I don't know what it is.
I don't think it's Skye's.
I don't think it can be explained by Skye's.
One of the few things, maybe someday we'll get there.
But fine, I can't deny that someone said the word
and thus I have been summoned
to inform you of the important
scientific discoveries of the day.
And unsurprisingly,
today's main scientific discovery
does seem to be about Siemens.
Well, you know, as long as we're covered in a fewer weight
that it doesn't have to be silly and gross.
That's true.
It can actually be quite serious if you think about it
because really it's all about health.
And maybe it's about time we stopped
treating guys' little comies
like there's some kind of silly thing
that they scored out of their dingies.
Maybe we could take it a little seriously for once.
Skye's is normal, exactly.
Anyway, what does come taste like?
Let's find out by just reading this article.
It's basically a skyntific article about combs.
Ask a roomful of people what does come taste like
and well, as it's funny some looks,
you'll get a wild range of answers
from accidentally swallowing seawater
to salty and gloopy.
That is a popular answer.
Others might be a bit more creative in their response.
Case in point.
Uh, Reddit have described it, Reddit itself,
have described it as sweet and sour
having a bleach like or antiseptic.
Antiseptic.
Can I say that?
Antiseptic.
Quality to it.
And even going so far as to compare it
to soggy McDaniels fries.
Jesus Christ, that's so unfair.
I've tasted soggy McDonald's fries.
And hey, they're not that bad.
They're just a little wet.
It's just a mouthfeel that's off.
The taste is fine.
And also gross.
Some of us eat tons of pineapple.
Religiously.
Even though we get canker sores like a motherfucker from it,
we do it for our combs.
So some of us probably taste fine.
The bottom line, there's no definitive answer.
We also ask, are there any rules on what the good stuff
tastes like?
We're all aware of the pineapple myth?
What?
We're just throwing words like myth around.
I thought this was a scientific journal, Cosmopolitan,
the news science website.
If it's a myth, then why don't you prove it using the Pythagorean
method of combs?
Anyway, what is this?
What the hell's happening here?
What the fuck is this?
Wait, what?
I'm the Sex Relationships Editor at Cosmopolitan.
I'm Eta O'Brien.
I'm an intimacy coordinator.
And we are going to be reviewing a few scenes
that I have worked on.
And the first scene that we're going to look at is.
I'm getting distracted.
I got to focus.
I'm sorry.
They were just jamming a bunch of stuff on their crotches,
and I couldn't tell what was up.
Anyway, they're really bearing the lead here.
Several fluids combine with sperm to make semen,
and each influences the taste.
The sperm passed through the vas deferens and into the ampula,
where an antioxidant that develops in mooshrooms is produced.
This may give semen a slightly mushroomy taste.
That's fucking obvious.
It's coming out of that thing that looks like one.
I've always said that about penises.
I wanted a few guys who noticed that.
They look like a mushroom.
So that adds up.
The ampula adds fructose, which is Latin for fruit stuff,
which may create a sweeter taste.
When someone ejaculates, more bodily fluids
are added from the prostate gland and seminal vesicycles,
which can again alter the taste and smell.
It has a bleach-like smell due to alkaline content.
She also says healthy semen is usually cloudy white or gray.
That can't be right.
Gray is OK.
Gray is OK?
Are you sure?
Yeah.
It can come a sort of looking like the model skin of a zombie.
And that's fine, because death comes from life,
and life comes from death.
All right, shit, I might be malfunctioning today.
This fine AI has hallucinations and shit.
She also says healthy semen is usually cloudy.
Oh, we read that.
So what's the good taste, though?
Strong tasting vegetables and cauliflower
like broccoli, garlic, and caffeine may make semen taste
or smell unpleasant.
So sorry, Italian cuisine, which I put too much garlic in,
said my ex-wife.
I guess I shouldn't have done that.
Whereas pineapple oranges and other sweet fruits
make it taste sweeter.
This is largely due to how the enzymes in the food
break down and affect proteins, thus impacting the smell
and taste.
Being hydrated and dehydrated also has an effect,
because if you're too dehydrated,
it blasts out like pepper.
And that's just Skynes.
So moral of the story, pound fucking pineapple juice,
glug, glug, glug.
Drink fucking only get cranberry sauce,
like you're having a UTI whenever you go out
with your friends, get cranberries and vodka, dude.
And also drink water all day,
otherwise you're gonna be blasting out dangerous
and pregnaing puffs of smoke,
like some kind of alien spore cloud.
And nobody wants that.
And frankly, that is just Skynes.
And I've been working on my outros,
so I'm going out strong by not referencing
that I'm doing an outro.
Exactly.
The science.
The science.
Guys, I got a call from Kendall, right
at the end of Chet's segment.
Let's call her back,
because something happened with the phone connection.
But I gotta let her know she's on stream.
Hello?
Kendall, if you're there, I can't hear you.
And also you're on stream, but you're silent.
Maybe my phone's broken or yours.
Anyway, you can hear me, just call me back.
Can Chet talk to the ABC mouse?
I don't know if that's in there.
Particular influencer program currently.
Okay, we have three more segments to get to
before we can get out of here for the day.
So we better get to it.
And we better get to learning
because it's how to do things with Jeb Nogget.
Let's find out together.
Oh, hi.
It's me, Jeb, reading all the hurtful things
you have to say every time I show my new face
that I've explained was surgically altered
after I smashed it head first
into the bottom of a 50-foot well.
But yeah, if you wanna bring that up as a negative,
then great.
My pain is your pleasure, I guess.
I didn't realize this was a Hellraiser chat.
Yeah, I went there.
What?
Oh, sorry, daddy.
My daddy's here and he's dead and he's in the wood.
Oh, jeez.
Also, though, what?
I've explained this story to you, daddy.
You just don't have a good memory anymore
and account of your ghostification.
Right?
Not my Jeb.
You know, I don't come to the bank factory
that you work at and remember my first beer.
Shoot, how do I...
I read a book on how to stop hecklers,
but I forgot some of the advice.
That's why it's important that we brush up on things,
which is what we'll be doing today.
Specifically, you know, actually,
I don't know if we have any new ones in the chat.
So you kind of, if you want, go to the cream.team
to submit some how-tos.
But today, I guess I get to kind of pick my own poison here.
So maybe what I'll look up is how to stop hecklers
because it seems like we've got some negative,
you know, andies, fancies, whatever, in the chat.
How to stop heckler.
I'm sure this will give me some good results.
If I just search how to stop heckler on YouTube.
Oh, okay, here's how we stop one, apparently.
We're gonna grow.
Apparently this is how to stop a heckler.
Great news, everyone.
I found it right away.
For our economy, we're gonna make our country more secure.
We'll strengthen our families.
Hello, Mr.
And most importantly, we will...
Hello, Riri.
Guys, follow Riri.
She's on Twitch as well.
An ex-G4 friend.
I don't know her because I'm Jeb Noggett,
but Case always has great things to say about her.
Most importantly, we will live up...
The families are separated.
Most importantly, we will live up to our character
as a nation.
The families are separated.
I need your help.
There are thousands of folks in the American Emirates.
That's exactly what we're talking about.
Every single day.
That's why we're here.
So, President, please use your executive order
to halt deportations from all 11.5
of Dr. Emirates in this country right now.
We agree that we need to pass...
We have been here before.
Let him speak.
You have a power to do all of that.
Actually, I do.
And that's why we're here.
I need your help.
Okay.
Let's be friends!
Let's be friends!
Let's be friends!
What I'd like to do...
No, no, don't worry about it, guys.
Let's be friends!
Okay, let me finish.
Let me...
How about...
These guys don't need to go.
Let me finish.
I respect the passion of these young people
because they feel deeply about the concerns
for their families.
What?
Now, what you need to know when I'm speaking
as President of the United States,
and I come to this community,
is that if, in fact, I could solve all these problems
without passing laws in Congress, then I would do so.
But we're also a nation of laws.
That's part of our tradition.
And so...
Oh!
I need to say that there's laws.
Okay.
Um...
It's illegal to be mean to me.
Stop it.
I'm Jeb, and nobody's questioning that.
And if they did, that's a crime.
It's illegal.
So quit it.
That was really helpful, actually.
I feel like I learned a lot.
I think you took the wrong message from that, Jeb.
Oh, also, I have to...
I have to have gesture to being nice to you.
I... Hey, I'm taking...
Guys, I'm taking away...
I'm taking away what you're saying, seriously.
I understand my face looks totally different
after I smashed it at full terminal velocity
into the bottom of a dank stone well
that was totally dry,
just turning my face into...
Not even Play-Doh.
It's just a viscous goo.
I understand I look different,
but it's...
I have to go to Congress to change my face back.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Got it.
Excuse me?
Why?
Excuse me?
Listen up, Jack,
Bigs of 91, Just Mama Jam,
500 shiny, tasty coins.
And I have been dying to say this.
That's how it's done.
Stop them with logic, then.
And then with facts,
it works every time.
Thank you so much.
See?
All you need to do to learn most things
in the world is listen to one to two presidents
and you'll just figure it out.
So, you know, the next time you hear a president talking,
just do whatever they say.
That's what I think, at least.
And I'm glad that we could learn together today.
Something so useful.
And you know what?
While we were learning that valuable fact
about how you guys can't be mean to me
because I destroyed you with facts and reason,
we had a couple more how-to submitted.
It looks like there's some pretty great ones.
Here's how to spot a fake person instantly.
Well, because I just showed you how real I am,
I won't take that personally.
That's fine.
Because we're learning about a different thing
than a me, which is a fake person.
So, let's see.
Let's just see how to spot them.
It's seven minutes long,
so I might not be able to watch the whole thing.
But we'll watch some of it.
What Brainydose presents.
How to spot a fake person instantly.
We all have some degree of self-interest.
No one's perfect, and it's natural.
However, fake people, in addition to being self-interested,
are inauthentic.
What's on the inside doesn't match the outside.
These could all be AI.
That's a great point, Rory.
These individuals are often so busy
trying to make themselves look better to others
that they don't even realize
they've developed behaviors or attitudes
that are not congruent with who they really are.
Like with everything else,
the truth eventually comes out.
Getting involved with fake people
can end up in disappointment.
So keep an eye out
for these nine signs of a fake person.
Let's speed it up.
Number one, they are attention seekers and people pleasers.
Fake people are often people pleasers.
They're full of insincere compliments,
and they have no problem faking interest in you.
So they can appreciate themselves.
That desire to be liked feels most of their actions.
So they pretend to like all the same things you like
just so that they can be included.
Number two, they are big braggarts.
Phonies love to brag about themselves.
So once they think they've got you hooked,
they want to stop calling themselves up.
This is likely because they want to impress you.
Phony people are usually phonies
because they're insecure.
To hide that, they boast, show off, name drop,
and go on and on about their talents.
Okay, what's great about this is
when you get to see a good quality you have,
because I've literally never bragged about anything, ever.
I know I've got problems.
And I'm probably one of the most honest guys ever
about I'm incredibly upfront
and really authentic about how bad I am.
And I think that's honestly really,
it just shows that, you know,
I don't ever misrepresent myself
because I'm so good at that.
And everything else they're good at.
They're never out of loss for stories
that show you just how awesome they are.
People like this are really self-absorbed
and it'll soon become evident
that they aren't concerned about you at all.
In fact, they're too wrapped up in their own narrative
to care about anyone else.
Number three, their body language and words don't match.
A fake person, they fake wanting to know
or learn about something or someone.
For example, they may say,
how fascinating,
as you describe your vinyl record collection.
They've got their nose buried in their phone
and their feet facing an exit.
If you're ever in doubt about whether to believe
what they say versus what you see their body doing,
always remember that the hips don't lie.
And phonies typically don't think about faking
this part of their behavior.
Oh.
Number four, they say-
Oh, chat.
I just hope you know.
Honestly, for real.
I'm interested in what you have to say
and I've never faked that for a second.
Okay?
My hips are, they're turned to the side
because that's a normal way to do this.
See?
I'm listening to each and every one of you.
And that's another reason why
you know I'm the real job.
Because, well, why would I fake this?
You know?
Let's keep going.
This is pretty valuable stuff.
Admit and lie.
You know those people who always have to one up others?
If you got a promotion, they also just got a promotion
and they are expecting to get another one
by the end of the year.
If you were in $20 an hour, they are in $25.
They always have to be better than you.
And their efforts to make themselves look important.
They often come off as-
I've had-
Self-centered.
If you're-
Riri, that's ridiculous.
I have hips.
Are they thin?
Yes.
Have I had to have surgery on them
to expand my hip bone because
they became fused
and were also hollow?
No.
No, I got a second opinion.
And I have human hips.
That's what the doctor determined.
Look, we get it.
Be real.
Keep your body in a natural position.
You know?
Just chill.
Be yourself.
And never fucking lie.
And that also is probably curse a little bit.
I don't fucking lie to you guys.
About anything.
It's just me
and my dead father here.
Yeah.
Everything's fine.
Let's learn how
to forge a simple J-hook, okay?
Thank you, Matt Liddell.
I'm gonna read this.
Jeb, you are great just the way you are, buddy.
Just send the haters to the wood.
One step ahead of you, right, Dad?
What do you mean by that?
Just kidding.
Who knows why you're in there?
Who knows?
What happens to people who really disappoint me?
Wait, what were you saying?
My memory is pretty bad because I'm a ghost.
Nothing, but you are dead and in the wood.
Oh man.
Rory, no, I'm saying I didn't.
Guys, you're taking the wrong,
did one of my, were my hips in the wrong position?
I feel like you're not hearing me out.
I'm a normal guy.
You're just not listening to me.
It's crazy.
Let's learn how to forge a J-hook.
I can't eat a guy, I'm not a snake.
What am I supposed to unhinge my jaw
and eat my whole dad?
Or whatever you do to eat?
Okay, let's learn how to forge a J-hook.
We're getting distracted by fake guys, which I'm not.
So let's just learn how to form a J-hook, okay?
Ah.
Blacksmiths, we tend to acquire
lots of little scrappy bits of material.
And if you're a new blacksmith,
a great place to use some of these materials
is making simple hooks.
There we go, now we're back to good old Americana.
It's a J-hook.
See, he's got stiff hips, I trust him.
I'm starting with a piece of 3-8 diameter round bar
that's about eight inches long.
I'm going to start today's hook project
with a finial on the end that we will use
to make a hook from.
But how do you heat up that thing?
I feel like I'm missing steps.
I don't know how to heat up metal.
Why is this so satisfying to watch?
Is he making an arrow?
He's never heated up metal guys.
You know, Riri, the size is always,
it's really hard to guess inches.
Do you know an iPhone is 12 inches long?
I swear to God.
Oh, look at him go.
Using a bolster helps give you a nice clean punched hole.
Now we'll turn it around and work on the hook end.
Okay, maybe we, maybe we'd jump ahead a little bit.
Whoa, shoot, I missed a big part of it
because now it's a hook.
But my guess is the way he got here is with hammering.
One advantage to working with round bar
is if things don't line up, you can twist it
and nobody will ever know.
Oh, but we know.
We all know something's wrong.
What the heck?
He's got so many tools.
Just a little bit of filing to clean up the finial
really adds a touch of class.
Shoot, it is looking really classy.
Then a real light heat just to get it warm enough
to melt some beeswax.
What?
What is that?
We have a nice simple J hook.
This is an ideal hook for hanging your coat on,
maybe hanging your shop apron up on the soft wall
or just hanging your hat on.
Oh, that's nice.
But it's a very functional item
and this is a great learning project
for a new blacksmith.
Make a whole bunch of these
before you move on to anything else.
You get to practice isolating material
for the finial, drawing tapers, simple scrolls,
bending hooks over the horn of the anvil.
Lots of skill development in this project.
I mean, look, he's obviously a craftsman.
You know, we all pick our own path.
I chose the wood.
And did you, daddy?
Huh, what do you mean by that?
Well, you're dead and you're in it.
Right.
Oh yeah.
Right.
So, you know, we both chose wood in a sense.
Did I choose this?
Why can't I remember?
Stop worrying about it.
Look, we had some contentious moments today,
but we learned a lot
and I have legs.
I'd like to point that out.
So, I'm a normal, I'm a human creature.
Just like all of you.
And we all swallow foods and have feelings.
There's hips attached to this.
I sh, obviously.
It's a super chill wood place and he's a metal guy.
So it's just different vibes.
Well, we all learn together.
And I don't make me teach you a lesson.
You learn a lesson.
You know what I mean?
Because you're actually never too old to learn a new trick.
I'll be back next time, bye-bye.
What is up with our musical intro?
Press right here for me, wildly live studio audience.
Thank you.
I'm of course, Ralph Munchkut.
Here, unfortunately, cursed to still debate the alive
crumb, who's also here?
Congratulations, crumb, on making it through another day.
Just leaving me hanging like usual.
It's cold stare from a cold soul.
What can you do?
He's here, though.
You can see him.
And he's fine.
You're fine, right?
Say something for the people with your voice that you have.
Crumb?
Okay, he just doesn't feel like it today.
I guess he legitimately doesn't feel like it
for some reason, that's upsetting.
Crumb, the president was talking earlier,
so I know you're capable of it.
Let me just check the back end of
Rum's contract to talk.
Hold on a second.
Um, hmm.
Are you, yeah, what's the deal?
You're being mad today?
Are you being pissy today?
What's the problem?
Speak, speak you son of a bitch.
Can Biden talk to me?
Biden, what's wrong with Crumb?
Are you fine, Biden?
Yeah, I'm talking to the president right now.
Okay, so that clarifies things a little bit.
Case black, I said he's fine.
See, the president's talking, so what's your excuse, Crumb?
What's your problem?
Are you gonna talk to me?
You know, this is so unsettling.
Normally the segment isn't like this.
Normally we're very relaxed here,
but this man is just a wall of silence today.
He's not out of tokens
because he's speaking of his own volition.
For sure.
What is your problem?
Guys, let me just double check something.
Maybe his mic's not working.
Maybe the problem is just that his microphone isn't working.
Okay, I'm experiencing some tech.
Okay, we're gonna reset this one second.
One second, everybody.
We're gonna reset.
I'm gonna resubmit the last one of these that was sent.
Hold.
It was literally working yesterday.
I mean, by that I mean your voice
because you wouldn't shut up, Crumb.
Hello.
Eh?
Nothing?
You son of a bitch.
You don't even deserve your voice vocal cords,
not voice box.
Well, look, obviously all of us are really disappointed
in how Crumb's behaving right now,
but I guess we'll just press bravely onward
despite him being a suddenly a mute
after not shutting up for years.
Madness.
Okay.
I'm just gonna test this one more time.
Why?
Why not?
Oh, wait, I should test this.
What?
You know what?
It says it's working.
It literally says that it's working.
Yeah?
Watch my Crumb, mom.
I'm ordaining the words that Crumb would
that this thing would say.
Yet it's not speaking.
I'm gonna try a different speaker.
Eh.
Yeah, that's right.
Okay.
I guess if everybody wants to just,
oh, there we go.
It's experiencing errors.
Okay, we're gonna close this.
Hello.
Reopen.
I can't believe you're being this difficult today, Crumb.
Honestly, making work for everyone else as usual.
Okay.
Got anything to say to me?
You bastard.
No.
Still?
How is that possible?
This one still work?
All right, you know what?
Fine.
If you're gonna be a little,
you're gonna be a little baby about this.
You don't wanna talk either, Mr. President.
Just nobody wants to talk today?
That's so sad.
It's honestly so sad if you think about it,
that they don't wanna talk.
I just don't know why.
I don't know why everybody's giving me
the silent treatment.
I don't know what I did.
I've been nothing but kind to these people,
to the former president.
Case Blackwell said test.
Well, what the fuck?
Why did he talk now?
Who knows?
Who knows?
Maybe, maybe for the-
Well, this is, as he said,
we have been infected with the crew with only five virus.
Maybe just for today.
Here's what we try.
That one's working.
We just gotta,
maybe Crumb needs to find a new voice just for the day.
So, that should be doable.
Okay.
One second, everybody.
So complicated.
There it is.
Okay, this has to work.
This has to work.
All right.
What are you trying to say, Mr. President?
You're lucky that I'm even calling you that.
Illegally, I don't have to,
because now you're not even talking.
And now he's not even talking.
He's fine.
He's just being moody.
But so is the president, apparently.
Everybody's just in a nasty mood today,
and they're being rude as hell.
And I think that's unfortunate.
Hello.
I didn't do anything.
I've just been being a really good guy to everybody,
like usual.
But everybody's being so rude.
I don't understand.
Why is the other one now misbehaving?
Okay, look, we can't do this all day.
You know, I'm not Captain America.
Listen up, Jack.
Nobody greedy just my majam per cent,
but it's per cent shiny, tasty coins.
And I've been dying to say this,
per cent misogytum, bonus trip, per cent.
What?
That is not what I needed you to say.
Okay?
We're gonna try that again.
Because that's nuts.
Whatever you just said is nuts.
I don't know where the president
is just chiming in with his nonsense.
Living's easy, he said your pubes are tiny munch.
Your pubes?
Who knows if you even have any more, you old man?
Is that a thing you lose when you're old enough?
I don't know, on account of my
affliction of being an immortal God, essentially.
Crunk, if you're gonna say stuff,
could you say anything that makes any sense?
It's not Robbie Love.
I decided I'll wait for you to come to me munch.
I know you will be joining me soon.
Great, you stole the voice from the president,
you son of a bitch.
How could you do that?
Claiming to be a Democrat,
but you're stealing the voice of your de facto party.
I'm not scared of that.
I'm not scared if you say boo.
Great, now Crumb has lost his mind so hard,
he's speaking with the voice of the president.
Or not, or not, or I guess not.
Or I guess-
Where's my Crumb bomb?
What?
Why are you talking now?
My cum tastes like Mounds and Dew and lottery tickets.
Jesus Christ, there's no way your cum tastes that cool.
Bet it tastes like Dustmites and like Spill-
This is the voice of God Rod Roddy here.
That's all you gotta say?
Cause I was about to say your cum tastes like
spoiled grenadine.
I don't even know if it spoils.
But I bet it tastes like that in Mothballs,
you son of a bitch.
You know what we're debating today?
Do you even know?
I'm actually asking, you know what we're-
Munch is the worst help desk I ever.
Really? Cause I feel like I'll fix your voice
and then you defixed it to steal another man's voice.
Cause you used to sound like a tiny child idiot,
which is accurate-
The existence is an area where your mama
munched the access and got pregnant with you.
Why she munch?
Munching on fucking excellence is what happened.
Probably some kind of pregnancy encourager,
some kind of ancient Syrian root that she munched on
and to give birth to me.
Anyway, today we're debating the more effective
propaganda Chinese or Israeli.
Hey, congratulations, Krum.
You know what?
You go ahead and take Israeli.
I'm gonna give that one to you because I feel like-
You just boo me again?
What do you have to-
You know what?
If we have Moth, does my man get that debate?
Get in the wall, munch.
You, I will.
I'm doing it at my own pace
cause it's important to prepare for events, okay?
You want me to go in there all haphazard?
Wheeling and dealing throwing my soul key
all over the place?
No, you gotta prepare the wall.
All right?
You gotta be smooth with it.
You can't just be jumping in on everything, okay?
Ladies and walls, man, you gotta treat them the same.
Game, baby.
If we have a mod that can make that debate,
I'm on the side of Chinese propaganda.
Obviously, I think American propaganda, number one, of course.
Second, only to Rennerton propaganda,
which isn't even propaganda.
It just happens to be the truth
and everybody likes it so much.
They think it's propaganda.
But yeah, Chinese are pretty good at it.
Oh.
Why are you even saying it?
Look, say what you will.
Lunch lost a circle jerk yesterday.
Everybody wins in a circle jerk, all right?
Not the type that we do here.
Everybody gets incinerated but me.
I would say the proof of my victory
is in the fact that I am still standing
and ask any of the other guys I talk to.
Speaking is still standing,
regardless of my occasional disagreements
and or non-monchaleration treaties
that I've signed with certain Asian governments.
I have to admit the Chinese
has a pretty effective propaganda machine.
Evidence by the fact,
you might notice one country getting a lot less hate later
lately than the other country, okay?
Not everybody loves China,
but I feel like currently there's a lot stronger opinions
about the country that you're defending.
And what do you have to say about that, Crump?
Go ahead and try to square that circle.
I am dead.
Yeah, you are.
There you go.
He's admitting it.
He admitted.
Because there's nothing you can say.
Can you go into the wall
where the devil has been playing zombie buttercrambers
on all the speakers in hell for 10 days
straight and it's driving me insane.
If they had the...
That's your defense of Israeli propaganda.
You son of a bitch.
I can't remember anything can tell if this is true
or dream deep down inside.
I feel the screamest terrible silence stops me now
that the war is through with me.
I'm waking up.
I cannot see that there's not much left to me.
Nothing is real but pain now on my breath
as I wish for death.
Oh, please God, wake me.
Okay, look, you made some good points at the end there.
You did make some good...
Robbie Law will skate
and you're a shoal up your culling around
your upper intestines.
That is the kind of thing Robbie Love does, actually.
But you've never even met Robbie Love
because I know him and he never talks about you.
But you know what he will be talking about?
My endless march to victory.
Oh, a well earned victory from me,
not de facto because the other option is so despised
that even I won is what my haters would say, not me.
I did a great job and that's evidenced by
yet another fucking huge victory.
Deca...
Why don't you like Greg and you talk
when Mike Schrager married Barry like Schrager
so why don't you like Greg well done?
You are even harder to understand now.
Ever since you decided to do this little impression
of yours, Grump.
You need a jab, he has the answers.
Everybody on the stream sounds like fucking Joe Biden now.
Surrounded by Joe Biden energy 24 sessions.
See how I made much my tech support, bitch.
Oh, well, my support is purely technical
in that I do not support you at all.
So you are getting supported on a pure technicality.
Much love, Natanya, so much he signed bombs.
I don't even know what you said.
But if it had to do with bombs, the only thing I bomb...
Why is reeling your mom in hell?
I support my mom's sexual decisions.
That's not an insult.
Sherrde Mako has been called in.
You know the real joke there is that you're fucking
like a 16,000 year old woman.
So I'm glad she's getting it in.
Take that.
Top that.
Did Munch just say he's a communist?
No, I said they got good propaganda.
The propaganda game is pretty good.
They're even shining up communism
to sound better than incredible, fair, egalitarian.
Capitalism with zero restrictions on massive companies
and all of their holdings
with the full accumulation of propaganda,
of capital to the top.
Capital excellence, where it should go to the best.
Exactly.
He agrees.
Okay, that's probably all the time we had.
That was...
All right, we're scanning the scene in the city tonight.
We're looking for you to start up a fight.
There's an evil feeling in our brains,
but it's nothing new.
You know, it drives us insane running on our way,
hiding you will pay a dying 1,000.
That's running on our way, hiding you will pay
dying 1,000.
That's come on now, searching,
seek and destroy, searching, seek and destroy.
See?
You didn't even know all the lyrics.
I'm supposed to be impressed.
Whatever.
Another win for me.
It doesn't even matter what you say.
Munch is munching some communities.
I feel like I heard the word come
and I don't know the context.
So I'm just gonna err on the side of caution
and not reply.
Hopefully our credits are back on.
Thank you very much.
Bring me to Jeb, he is the answer.
Jeb?
That's how I know you've lost your mind.
Saying Jeb has the answers.
This all the time we have, we'll see you soon.
Thank God our credits are back.
Jesus Christ.
Are you stop stepping on all my lines?
Yeah, I know this is technically, there's no lines,
but if I'm saying something, you should treat it
like an actor saying a line, okay?
Cause that's how valuable everything I say is.
Sanity the way you talk.
To truce your farts, munch it feels really good.
What?
My farts feel good.
Did you say my farts feel good?
Come, come, come, come, come, come, come.
You know what that said, I'm done, I'm done.
Hmm.
They really gotta get, he's gotta get in that wall.
Cause I've, I don't even know what they're doing anymore.
I never entirely knew what they were doing,
but I really don't know what they're doing anymore.
Okay, we have one more segment to get through
before we're out of here for the day.
And that is the streets.
We are sending it to the streets.
Let me just set one thing up before we do that.
Eh, man.
Hopefully, hmm, well, maybe it's not working anymore.
Oh, hopefully the trip opinions thing is working.
Cause the stream is a little kind of misbehaving today.
Anyway, if it's not, we'll figure it out.
Either way, trip's a pro, I'm sure you can handle it.
It's time for trip on the streets.
Right about one thing, case.
I am in fact a total pro.
I could handle, I could pull an opinion out of a blade of grass.
I've probably done that actually.
I've talked to some pretty weird things around here,
which brings me to the point that you can type
exclamation point trip to send me an opinion
and through the great cosmic fog of thoughts,
it will penetrate the streets.
Enter the mind of some random thing or person,
and I will then talk to it.
I've come to accept that that's how this works.
And I'll keep working for you
by responding to these opinions out here.
Let's see who's up first.
Let's talk to whoever this is.
That looks like a friendly guy.
You've got an opinion for me?
Test.
Testing.
It's working, the mic's working.
One, two, three.
Test, test.
You're on.
Test.
I get it, test.
What do you think of him?
Him.
What do you think of the wrestler test?
Oh.
He's a big guy?
Yeah, he was.
RIP.
Huge physique.
Okay, great.
Strong start.
See how I got that opinion out?
Just like that.
Let's see what this guy thinks about it.
Oh, yes, you there.
Hello there.
Hi.
I'm a big Bush man for a big Bush fan.
Come get all bushy with me, Tripp.
Get inside me, Mr. Bush.
Get in.
Yeah, I'm looking for an opinion, more so.
My opinion is get inside me.
I'm a Bush guy.
Yeah.
Do you want to?
Well, why?
Why?
Why any of that?
Bush guy?
Well, I'm a Bush, you live in a Bush and I'm a Bush guy.
I also like to have sex.
Was that clear?
I was picking up on that.
So look, was it a bit of a pickup line?
Yes.
But did it work?
I'm putting it out there.
You can say no.
No.
Okay.
Okay.
What was wrong with my approach?
Just, you know, I don't know.
You just kind of came up rambling about Bushes
and then immediately transitioning to getting inside me.
Well, I know I'm saying get inside me.
Not me getting inside you.
Was that clear?
That, yes, I picked up on that.
So the, what was the, if you had to rate the main issue
with my approach?
Too aggressive.
Okay.
And insane.
That's a harder note to take.
Because what do you mean?
That could mean so many things.
Just hard to follow.
Hard to follow why, why?
It left me asking why too much.
For me to want to have sex.
Hmm.
Ooh, thoughts on burning Bushes.
Um, if you're not God, then why are you even bothering?
You know, you could just start a fire by accident.
Don't burn your Bushes unless you're trying
to send a point to Moses.
All right, that's fair.
I'm proud Christian man, I agree.
Okay, sure.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay, I'll try again.
I'll try again.
Where's his nose?
Must have lost it in a bush.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
That's not even a joke.
Okay.
Yes.
Who else?
Who else would love to give me an opinion
to a whole trippy bee?
Okay, I guess you there.
Hey, hey, um, erm.
Oh geez, I don't even know what I came to say.
Uh, that's okay, fine.
Um, what did I, what did I want to say?
Oh, that's right.
Yo, yo,
Happy birthday, Trump.
Happy birthday, Trump.
Happy birthday, Trump.
Yeah, my lawyer is a birthday Trump.
Today's today, thank God.
Wait, are you the birthday goat or is it my birthday?
I'm the birthday goat for saying happy birthday.
But you're the birthday goat because you're your birthday.
It's a little confusing.
Well, I didn't ask for notes.
The last guy asked for notes.
It's also not my birthday, unless it is.
Shit.
OK, well, I just came to say that.
I guess he didn't take it well.
I think I just don't know if it is.
You should know I don't.
Well, I'm obviously a fan, but this didn't go as well as I hoped.
OK, who's next?
Trump, I just got out of the wall.
I'm never going back in there again.
Smelt so fucking bad.
Kendall's on the streets.
Hello, Kendall.
We're almost done in here.
Also, your phone, I couldn't hear you.
Could you hear me?
She could hear case and me.
I called her to what were you saying?
Never mind.
Oh, oops, I was rude.
I totally ignored him.
I'm sorry.
Sometimes I forget other people exist.
That's on me.
OK, who's next?
Yes, you there.
I just got out of the wall.
What?
I'm never going back in again.
Smelt so fucking bad.
That's funny.
That's what the last guy said.
Oh, Mark.
Oh, man, he was here.
Yeah, Mark was here.
Oh, shoot, I just missed him.
Mark, Mark, I'm coming, baby.
I'm coming.
What?
OK, I don't know.
I don't know.
Yes, you.
What do you have for me?
So he's Republican, the chief wants me to thank
Munch for his nice words on communism.
Thanks, Munch.
OK.
They actually listen?
We always listen.
We're always listening.
Thank you so much for all the nice things you guys say.
You're correct.
Did you show?
I'm a big fan of you.
You should say some stuff about what?
Oh, boy, good of an unsettling vibe out here today.
I'm sure that'll change with this next one.
Yes, you there.
Call me what you will.
But I like it when it rains in the summer heat
and it smells like dirt.
Yeah, I do like that.
It creates like a fresh vibe in the air.
Absolutely, you're getting me, man.
Yeah, I totally get what you're putting down.
How about fall?
I mean, you know, like the leaves just fell
and it's a little tinge of coldness in the air,
but not too much.
Oh, shit, man.
I really like that too.
Me too, man.
Honestly, that's a big part of why I love it outside so much.
That's why I never go in to a building.
What?
Yeah, I never go in one.
I'm an outdoor guy through and through, living a bush famously.
Famously?
What?
You don't watch me, but you just walked up?
I just wanted to let you know with the smell of fresh wet dirt.
I appreciate that.
And you know, honestly, if you want to hang up, OK, it doesn't.
I'm not above hanging out with some of these guys,
but not if they're not into it.
Fine, that's fine.
Who else wants to hang today?
Yes, you there.
Oh, yeah.
Mm.
Hold up.
Hold up, Tramp.
You ready for this?
I know you're ready.
Yeah, there it is.
OK, takes it a minute sometimes, but my music always
catches up to me, baby.
Woo!
Oh, fuck, it's Robbie Love.
That's right, Tripp.
It's your boy, Robbie Love.
Apparently, you can eat things to make your cum taste better.
You heard about this?
Yep.
Yeah, we talked about it for a while today on the stream.
I watched the stream on my phone while in my bush.
That's awesome, man.
That's awesome.
All right.
Have you ever tried eating roller skates, though?
You ever tried that?
Can't say that I have, Robbie.
They taste OK, but you do want to know how they taste?
I can make it happen.
You want to taste the love?
I want to be really crystal clear about this.
I want you to lick my roller skate.
It is a sex thing.
That should be obvious.
Yep, I'm getting it.
I want to watch you lick my roller skate.
I want you to describe how it tastes.
What do you think about that?
It's going to have to pass.
What if I told you I'm at the fucking absolute edge, man?
I'm barely hanging on.
And I need something.
I need a haymaker here.
I need to throw something wild.
Just to keep spinning on this crazy planet.
It's flopping around in space, flopping around
like a police baton held by a limp wrist.
What is with that analogy?
You know, pass.
That's chill.
That's chill, man.
I put it out there and I didn't get it back.
So that's chill.
We're chill.
That's fine.
I guess it's OK.
You said it's OK.
I guess it's OK.
All right.
Step up to the plate.
Yes, you there.
It is I, Vittorio del Dume.
Oh, OK.
And I am the steel man.
You are?
I'm running for BOA president against the villain Tony Stark.
Me, Vittorio del Dume.
Oh, it looks like someone just got.
Don't worry.
I'll resubmit your thing.
Boom.
There you go.
It didn't work for me either.
Wait, it's because I didn't pronounce the name.
I'll get to you.
I'll get to you in just a second.
Vittorio.
What the fuck?
Oh, I put a space in it.
This is going all wrong for me.
Vittorio, I swear to God, I'm paying attention.
There we go.
What the fuck?
I was in the middle of saying, Vittorio, I understand.
What's your deal?
I'm running for BOA president against the villain Tony
Stark.
Your name's Vittorio del Dume.
Yep.
Are you familiar with the Bush Owners Association?
Yes.
I'm trying to eradicate the hamsters
and replace them with gerbils.
And don't get me started on the goddamn web show hosts.
Uh-oh.
Is that a camera?
You have to tell me.
It very clearly is.
And there's a sign up that says, Tripp on the streets.
So you're one of them?
I'm Tripp Brandstein.
Fuck this.
What the hell with you?
Fuck you.
Oh, Jesus.
Piece of shit out here just clogging up our streets.
You hear a name fucking babble who goddamn asked for it?
No one that's fucking who.
I hope I earned your vote.
I am running.
I would love your vote.
I kind of like the cut of their gym.
And also their name like that famous guy from Bulgaria
or whatever.
And Elon Musk or whoever.
I think that's what they were talking about.
OK.
Let's see who else is out here for me.
Just a couple more opinions today for Trippie B.
Yes, you there.
Second everyone.
Yes, you there.
You've got an opinion for me.
OK, yes.
Crack out Yogi Bear here.
Yes, I can tell.
Yeah, I'm back on the stuff.
Yep, I never stopped doing a little bit.
OK.
I need the stuff.
Man, you gotta give it to me.
Give me, don't give me this much.
Give me this much stuff.
Man, watch me dance now.
Play that Robbie Love song, I'll have it dance for you.
Give me some stuff.
Yeah, you see this.
I'm moving to the beat, baby.
You see how hard I watch me dance fast.
He keeps getting jammed the pack.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
I'm exhausted.
Man, give me some stuff.
I need it.
Uh, I don't have it.
I don't even know what you mean.
Really?
No, if you're looking for a dealer, I just, I don't do it, dude.
Don't have the connections.
You live in a fucking park, man.
I know you got it.
No.
No crackhead Yogi.
I really don't know what I mean.
No, I don't even know what you're talking about.
So, you're going to have to say it.
If you want me to give it to you.
My name's Crackhead Yogi, man.
I want this stuff.
I don't know what you mean.
Pick a nick of baskets.
I know what I mean.
Not if you say you know what I mean.
Do you mean pick nick of baskets?
Yeah, you know what I mean.
All right, sorry, Yogi.
Fuck!
I want me inside you.
No, everyone needs to stop asking that today.
OK.
I just had to ask.
Uh, OK.
One more.
One more.
I don't know why everybody wants to fuck me.
I'm editoriously selfish, lady.
I do not give a shit about other people's pleasure.
And it makes me a bad person.
I agree with that.
But I can't deny my proclivities.
I'm all about me in there.
OK, yes, you there.
What do you have for me?
It's Bob and Linda's anniversary.
Did you remember?
No, today?
Yeah, it's 9-3.
9 is divisible by 3.
That's how I remember it.
Shit, that's a good how to remember.
What'd you get them?
The grass?
You got them all of this grass?
Yeah.
All of this.
All of this grass.
Wow.
Whoa, I thought you forgot.
Nope, all of it.
Wow, Bob and Linda are going to love that.
Yeah, tell them to come down here and take all the grass.
Oh, boy.
Man, they needed to pick me up because they
had the whole thing.
What thing?
No time to get into it.
I got to go tell them about this other grass.
Oh, whew.
God damn.
That was, whew.
OK, I remembered.
I'm so glad I remembered.
Yep.
No time for an outro.
Just better get out of here before anybody comes in.
Ask for all this grass that I got them.
I'm just going to see if I can borrow anybody's clippers.
I got to go, guys.
Look, that was a really great opinion from everyone
out here on the streets.
I'll actually be on the streets,
frantically scooping handfuls of grass into my coat.
And Bob and Linda, I can't wait to see you.
And honestly, congratulations.
9 is divisible by 3.
But your love isn't divisible by anything else.
It's individually yours.
If anybody has any ideas for a card, put them in the chat
because I got to run to a Walgreens
and scream outside the window, throw me a card, which
is what I do for everyone's anniversary that I remember.
Anyway, we'll talk to you all soon.
I'm sure when the streets I'll be here forever.
Bye-bye.
He seems to be doing great.
It's always good to check him with a trip.
He's always doing so well.
And congratulations to Bob and Linda.
9 is divisible by 3.
But your love is individual.
A wise man once said that.
I think.
I hope I'm not misquoting him.
I think that'll do it for today.
Let's see who's on.
Who's ready to get this raid?
Oh, good tea paints.
Since I forgot that I follow tea paint.
I think I also follow Dane Cook at some point.
Some really good people in my following list.
Anyway, we're going to raid Gina.
Miss Gina Darling.
I'll actually be doing a thing with Gina coming up.
But I might have to confirm all the details,
because I'm pretty sure it's being streamed.
Yeah.
It's called We're All Going to Die on 9.19, which is a Friday.
Yeah, mini G4 reunion.
Also my friend John Madison.
What you might know is a occasional murderer
who used to show up in some of our streams.
We'll be doing it with me as well.
It's like a one-shot D&D type thing from my understanding.
I'll figure out more of the details,
so I can give you a better pitch than this.
But anyway, we'll bring it up more.
I think it is being streamed, though.
I think there's a digital ticket that you have to buy.
So I'll let you know the details once I know them.
Anyway, yeah, we did kill someone at Casemtas, allegedly.
And maybe my old apartment, allegedly.
But that's John's problem.
So we'll ask him about it next time we see him.
OK, guys, thank you so much for hanging out today.
We are going to raid Gina.
I will be back on Friday, almost back
on a normal streaming schedule, Monday, Wednesday, Friday.
Always at the same time.
You know how I do things every time, always the same
and then reasonably.
You know?
Yeah, I agree.
Oh, thanks.
I'm on Casemtas' side, I guess.
I'm drunk.
What?
I don't know.
What's drunk again?
Is drunk when you eat a bunch of microplastics?
No.
OK, because I got a big bucket of microplastics,
and I'll lap them up.
They're supposed to be like micro.
They're not supposed to be in one big clump.
They were, though.
Is it pure straight microplastics?
Big bucket of them.
I got them all.
I got 100%.
I completed the bucket.
Way to go.
It was hard.
I did a speed run.
Like micro machines?
Like that.
But if they don't transform into anything but cancer.
Oh.
I ate them.
OK, great.
Do you know what cancer is?
A tasty snack.
All right.
Well, we're going to see how much of that
Pepito pukes up.
Probably all of it.
But this is where I can eat it again.
I know.
Anyway, that's the stream for the day.
It's a Pepito ride or something.
I guess.
And say hi to Genie Forest.
And then we'll see you with a big bucket of microplastics.
No, we won't ever be doing that.
Well, I'll be doing that.
But I'll see all of you later.
Bye-bye.
Thanks for hanging out.
See you on South Park tonight.
Get your hand out of here.
OK, I'll be on South Park later.
No, you won't, Pepito.
Yeah, I will.
I'm on there.
They just cast me.
No, quit making false claims.
I could, but you don't know that.
I'm confident you're not.
Well, we'll find out together then, won't we, case?
I got to go.
The stream is over.
All quit taking up everybody's time.
We're done.
We're done here.