I'm Papito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
I still have to kill Munch.
Whoa!
You take two weeks off and you forget what your own stream does and looks like.
Oh my god.
There's a lot going on here.
Why have I felt so mentally clear over the last two weeks?
Well enough of that. Time to get back to work everybody.
Oh Kendall, yes.
Guys, one story before I call for Kendall.
Kendall goes, so we did something which she can tell you about.
Which you might have seen on the Discord.
But the day after she goes, hey tell the Discord.
I was like, tell the Discord.
She's like, yeah, post it on the Discord.
I was like, if you say so.
So I immediately went to the Cream Team Discord and posted a bit of news.
And then she's like, so you posted it.
I was like, yeah, on the Discord. She's like, show me.
She's like, you posted on the Cream Team Discord.
She meant like a shared Discord that we have with her sister.
But I associate the Discord with all of you.
So you might have noticed I deleted it.
But you got a little preview anyway.
Let's see if she's in the mood to be sociable.
Kendall?
Hey Kendall.
Miss Kendall?
Anything you want to show the, show chat?
Do you want to show chat anything?
She says she doesn't want to.
No!
She's yelling no.
She says what's wrong with you.
She says no.
She doesn't know she's doing this to me.
I asked. I didn't specify.
Alluding this shit.
What's that?
Alluding?
Okay, I'll stop alluding to anything.
Do you want to say hi?
No?
You don't want to say, they miss you. It's been two weeks.
You don't...
They say look at, she says look at her Instagram if you miss me.
Or her.
Okay, you don't have to show anything.
What?
What?
There's nothing to show.
Nothing happened.
Okay, I'm done.
Yeah, I'm done.
You don't like I'm saying hi?
I'm in trouble again.
I blew it.
Oh my God, level five already?
I'm not going to show them anything.
I just got the dagger eyes.
Anyway, I was on vacation.
I was on vacation.
And that's that.
You all can wait.
All right, for official news. That's how the news works.
It was a very relaxing vacation.
And everyone had a great time.
Punch was served. Yeah, absolutely.
The funniest reveal ever.
Shut up. Listen, chat.
Shut your fucking mouth, okay?
Go to shut the fuck up.
Keep giving me stuff, but stop.
Everybody keep throwing money at me, but shut up.
Absolutely pounded 1000 sweet bits straight into the great chasm of problems.
I just have to say this.
Congrats on going on vacation.
Thank you so much.
Really great to go on vacation.
It's very beautiful to go on vacation.
Yes, Ray Silva, I'm aware, but it doesn't matter what we think.
What matters is that nothing happened.
Brandon, it's time to game with your little friend.
Anyway, it was a good vacation.
Everybody feels great about it.
Kendall, come say hi. Why not?
Oh, okay. Anyway, I'm moving on.
I'm moving on entirely.
I just am talking about being on vacation.
I'm going to get murdered.
And honestly, I blame all of you.
Couldn't possibly be my fault.
That's life.
That's life.
What's that?
Kendall's yelling that it is my fault.
I just want you to come say hello.
Do not anything else.
Tell Kendall we can help hide the body.
You're on her side already?
Great. Oh, good.
Now I get to die.
Okay, well, anyway, thank you all for hanging out today.
It is good to be back.
And, you know, if there's any news, you'll hear about it when it happens.
Obviously, thank you, Matt Liddell.
You can always count on Matt Liddell to be against Kendall.
I guess we're in the center of a hype train, though.
So there's always that to comfort ourselves with.
Or not. Or it's not there.
Or it doesn't work at all.
Mm-hmm.
You take all this time off, you forget how things work on a stream.
What is a stream?
Um, okay.
Still not there?
What is wrong with this train?
Train? Where are you?
Are you freaking around yet?
Jesus Christ, he's still not there.
What has happened to this train?
He's totally locked off. He's blocked.
All right, well, I don't know what his problem is today.
But we'll find a way to get him on here.
Is a train a thing?
Yeah, I'm here.
Yeah, I'm pretty much a thing.
Where the hell were you?
I don't know, man, I was busy.
I was doing my own vacation.
Doing what?
Stuff.
Pretty important stuff I've been off doing.
And lots of big life events that I don't even have time to tell you about.
I need to talk about, um, uh, uh...
What? What happened in your life that you need to...
Out of my life, I've got important news to report.
You're not the only person here that does the news case.
You got a Prince Albert ring?
Yes.
What is that?
I got one.
That's what you wanted to talk about?
Yes.
I don't know what that is.
I'll need you to tell me what it is.
It's, um...
Don't show it.
Oh, I just looked it up. Now I know what it is.
It's a, um...
It's a ring that celebrates commitment to yourself.
Oh, that's what that's all about?
Yeah.
We've been getting a lot of bits and subs,
and frankly we're really behind on thanking everybody for all of these generous donations
as we move towards the slow goal of slay the studio.
Who even knows what that is?
It's not a cock ring, exactly.
I don't have genitals, so for me it's just any ring inside me as a Prince Albert ring.
Oh.
As long as you put it on a chair somewhere in my body,
then I'm officially pierced, baby, because it's in me.
It's a shaft ring.
Yeah, so, or you just put it in any of my shafts.
Kind of got a gifted sub, that's beautiful.
But really what I'm here to talk about today is...
Piss?
No, no, no, no. Actually I've moved on past that.
In the time you've been gone.
I really find that hard to believe. What do you care about now?
Shit.
That's not any better hype, Trane.
Move down to shit.
I want to talk about farts.
Jesus.
Why do you think that's... Why would I care if you move on from piss to shit or farts?
Well, I'm sort of elevating my content.
I have a new content plan.
And it's to talk about shit and farts.
It's part of it.
And friendship.
Give me a friendship of shit and farts type beat.
Speaking of shit and farts,
if Twitter open and then this just pops up.
Oh my god, what the fuck?
Why?
Why is that from a channel called Secular Memes?
Can I even show that?
Ugh.
The internet is a bad place.
It's a bad place and you all should run away right now.
Anyway, friendship.
Shit and farts type beat.
It was a meme. You thought it was Trump TV.
Close enough.
Oh, this is fart funk with 68 million views.
To 68 million views.
Okay, I guess I got it.
68 million views, though?
That seems like maybe a lot.
Get it to 69? Oh, it is really close.
Everybody, you're going to want to go and look up fart funk by Smasher.
We can juice these numbers to the appropriate amount of million.
This is real fart sounds.
That's 17 million views.
Thousands of stadiums worth of people sitting there.
Just listening to that.
Personally, though, I'm trying to look up friendship, shit and farts type beats.
None of those are showing up, so...
I guess we finally stumped the YouTube algorithm.
Maybe I misspelled friendship? No, okay.
How about just shit and farts beat?
When we lose the friendship part.
The friendship part is essential, case.
Well, I'm not finding it for you, okay?
Something tells me there's plenty of fart type beats.
For instance, this one.
That's 275,000 views.
I think that's pretty much just the song.
We can guess where that one's headed, I guess.
Oh my God, there's so many.
There's so many. Never mind.
I can't just look up shit and farts.
There's too many of them.
Frankly, way too many options there.
Okay, now we're getting somewhere.
I'm gonna put a little friendship in this one.
If you miss it really close, you can meet your friends.
Go, rap.
You know I'm fucking back.
Hype Train is. You should never relax.
I'm back in the chat and I'm about to drop some hot facts
that you've actually given me.
The business subs are like, okay, welcome back friends.
Yeah, it's been two weeks.
But it's time for me to speak straight from the cheeks
because I'm letting one go with another hot flow.
And you got a couple hot business subs to show.
So let's see who's in.
Who's talking to me?
We got Honey Garlic Chicken with the follow, baby.
We got Exterminated 13 with the hot hello.
We got currently working with the stuff
that they're gonna show to the world.
Barely news me up and that's what's up.
Propaganda in the chat and then I give in the fuck.
They say 43 months have been, I guess, again pregnant.
Yeah, I think I'm the one that got you pregnant.
The thoughts that I've been exploding out of my high scrotum.
Yeah, that's right.
I fart from my fucking scrotum.
I don't think that's how that works, hype train.
But it does for me because I actually don't have an asshole.
You see, I'm right.
Chris Teculer and you are looking so spectacular.
With 12 months, you've been summoning that as a fact, sir.
We got B Grendel with the 45 alive.
Yeah, case, baby.
I guess daddy actually survived.
All right.
And the daddy, yeah, you know,
they're still never maddie for 14 months or 23 or something.
They've been a baddie is actually seeing 47.
So I guess that's the amount.
But don't worry, baby.
I never had a single thought that giggle trash is in as well with the 45 months.
But damn it, I guess the fart beat is done.
There's more to get through.
You need more fart beat.
Don't nobody go in the back.
Not the same one.
This is a bowser fart.
I'm not hearing a bowser fart.
So that one's disqualified.
Disqualified.
Ice Spice, thank you to shit fart.
Wait, this is a real beat.
This is a real song from Ice Spice.
Oh, this is a real Ice Spice song.
Look, it's from Ice Spice.
I was wrong.
Hightran's new content plan is actually really smart.
Thank you to shit, bitch.
You're not even the fart.
I'll be going hard.
I'm behind the times.
I didn't know that that was an Ice Spice song.
But I'm glad that I'm still learning.
I'm still learning and growing along with all of you.
But Hightran, you still need to have...
This is really not worse than that.
I hit Ice Spice song we just saw.
So I guess let's just roll with it.
Bumps growed as well with a hundred bits from hell.
We got eighty six.
Must smell is a leak.
Yeah, you know what?
Keep it neat with the rye farting in the sheets.
So I'm keeping it brief.
Bull of our tassels in thirty five months
cause you know they elite.
An metal chaos, a ball of sweet,
forty three months of the hot sauce,
and they let it drop.
Hundred bits from the panther.
Yeah, you know that's the answer.
Apple Dapple, you know I'm a man, sir.
You're a man, sir.
That's what I give an answer as a man.
Okay.
Yeah, forty four months, man.
But you know I'm feeling even fucking better
than a forty seven month streak
from Shaggy one, seven, five, ten.
You know I like to see in my guys
more cases you can't handle this.
It's just a lot.
It's a lot right back into this.
All of these fart beats are really short.
I will say that.
I guess we could move on from fart beats.
Well that's one way to move on from fart beats.
Oh no, go away fart beats please.
I've had enough.
I'm tapping out.
He didn't make it through the subs at all.
He really failed.
He was busy, case.
He wasn't.
This is the only thing he had to do.
Okay, well get me a fart beat then.
I think we've had enough fart beats.
Maybe you have.
I was kind of rocking with that.
Ice spice, you a fart song.
No it was you ain't shit.
You ain't even a fart.
So you were listening to the lyrics.
I couldn't help it.
I couldn't help it.
I'm...
I think we've listened to this one before.
This is a repeat fart type beat.
Yeah but if it's me over it then it's a brand new beat.
Mmm.
Mmm.
A fart is a mother fucking waste.
I like to keep all the shit inside my stomach case.
Let's go.
Woo.
Tamtrin 1000 best.
We talking lots of farts but you still are the shit.
We got into daddy.
Yeah you know they giving it out.
They got five community subs and I never doubted.
The giggle trash has a lot of love to give as well.
With the 12-inch subs that I love to smell.
We got old dookie Thomas and that shit's on theme.
They got four months that they've been living the big dream.
Okay giggle trash thank you for the amount of love.
And you give out another high five gifted subs we got.
Tam-Tan again.
God damn ten communities.
That's my friend.
But I don't stop just like the cheats that I'm squeezing far.
So from the top to the bottom.
Revere we both got a new kit in and I love to see that.
Let's say it again.
Yum yum.
That was all of them I nailed it.
No thank you for your work as always.
That was the bits and subs.
Thank you all.
We're already way further into this Slay the Studio goal than I expected.
One of my more complicated ideas for this stream.
That will have an extremely limited one day payoff.
But will probably take me full month of work.
Hopefully not more than that though.
But anyway I guess I better.
I'll have to expedite that process.
I'm gonna keep moving at this rate.
Yum yum.
Okay well hey thanks for being back everybody.
We'll have even more news for you of the personal variety.
You know as situations develop.
But I can't talk about that.
It's more important that I talk about the news.
You talking shit and farts today.
Well I'm actually here to talk the news.
I'm rested and recharged.
I took an even longer than two week break.
Cause I do everything a little bit bigger and better than case.
That's fine Jeff.
I'll give it to you.
Well I'll take it either way.
Okay I win.
It's not a competition.
It is.
Between what?
Between me you and the news.
And I always win.
Fine it is fine.
Hmm does everyone else read the news in Thailand or do they just live happy?
You know I was reading some of the Thai political news while I was over there out of curiosity.
And I'm far from an expert but you know.
It seems like their problems are not terribly dissimilar to ours.
In what way?
They have like a liberal and a conservative party that often joins forces to sort of keep the more socialist people's party from gaining meaningful power.
Based on my cursory understanding of the situation I was like I'm relating to this.
I find that highly relatable.
So but I did really keep up with the news too much while I was over there.
So I'm sure a bunch of great stuff happened here in the United States while I was gone.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah it's been fine.
Thank you Banzai Bullfrog.
Thank you for congratulating me on my vacation and that alone.
Are the cats happy I'm back?
The cats reacted like this.
I think that's how they show joy.
So I guess you're fine.
Yeah.
What do you mean there's only two parties?
That's how a two-party system works?
I was describing a three-party system there.
But they have a parliamentary system so they've got like a bunch of parties that like form consensus governments and stuff.
We got a slightly different situation over here.
As long as there's a party we're all happy right?
Everybody loves to party.
Exactly.
Now doing my due diligence I kept up with the news a little bit.
Well what do you think happened?
Well I was confused.
I thought maybe I was reading the news from the last three years because it seems like AI companies were saying they've achieved AGI and self-improving recursive technologies and that AI is going to kill us all but they're going to build it anyway.
So I was like oh did I read?
This is 2023 but I think it might have also been last week's news.
And then also Donald Trump threatening to blow the world up.
I was like what is that?
Is that from a couple years ago now?
That was last week's news.
And then also Donald Trump limiting press freedom.
I was like that seems familiar but it was last week's news too I guess.
Oh it's all so old hat.
Well it's just a hat we keep pulling the same.
Keep pulling the same reads out of.
Did you hear that we have a chance to get White House credentials because everyone is banned?
This could be my big shot.
You think we could get in there?
I think as long as we're willing to like walk up to Trump and ask him like how does it feel to build the world's coolest ballroom ever that everybody loves?
Then I think we have a shot.
Just go full propaganda.
Yes that would be our big shot.
But I don't know if we're willing to you know throw all of our credibility out the window.
There's none to throw case.
Oh you're right.
We should probably do that.
We should probably get on that.
Well we'll try.
It sounds like a lot of work.
It does sound like a fair- we might have sent an email.
I don't want to have to do that.
Yeah I mean I might have to like call somebody or try to form like some kind of network where I know anybody.
I don't- it doesn't seem worth it.
It sounds like a lot of work.
Yeah maybe.
We'll wait until AI can just do it for us.
Smart.
Now you're thinking.
We're finally thinking over here.
Anyway news.
There's probably some that we can read.
Boy is there ever.
Cause there always is.
Hmm.
China.
Trump.
What about two great things that you love together.
Forming a Voltron of excellence.
Back to you case.
Trump and I can agree on one thing.
It's that we both.
Love China.
You're basically the same guy in that regard.
Me and Trump incredibly similar.
Basically the same guy you heard it your first.
Here he is coming out of a plane with his best bud.
No wait no Trump doesn't come out of the plane.
Xi comes out of the plane.
And says hi to Trump.
They got the trumpets out.
Oh.
Must be cold there.
Trump's wearing.
Big black gloves.
Well maybe little black gloves.
Notoriously you think he has kind of small hands.
I don't know if that's a thing.
I'm pretty sure Trump has kind of small hands.
I think you're assuming.
No I bet they're kind of itty bitty.
So anyway he's got to keep his little small hands warm.
That's all that's happening.
Oh okay.
Oh there they are walking.
Oh look Milani is there.
You know it's serious when Milani shows up.
I mean what reason would he be wearing gloves other than that it's...
Where did they land?
Is this DC?
What's...
Don't do my voice.
What's the temperature in DC?
Weather DC.
62 degrees.
Well you know some people get cold in their hands first.
So cold that they turn black and blue.
If you're not careful.
Okay well anyways Yeezentown everybody.
Super Friends Unite.
She opened the stock exchange.
She's also been doing like a press tour for some reason right?
She's promoting a...
Book?
Here she is on Fox and Friends.
Nobody's hard on her.
No of course not.
The other day somebody asked me what book you're reading.
I said Executive Order.
It's coming next...
In next two weeks.
That's what I'm reading. Executive Order.
She's reading Executive Order?
Okay so you're familiar with just free associating words.
You like to do that. I do like to do that.
And you know sometimes you reach for a joke.
And you just...
You know if you were dating a...
If you were dating a fireman you'd say all I read is fire.
That's basically what she did and it could happen to anybody.
I don't have time to watch TV. All I watch is fire.
Cause I date fireman.
Right.
She seems like she would like the new Resident Evil.
I saw that last night actually.
It's half of a really good movie.
I hate her as always.
I know spoilers.
Just saying it tries to ride the line between horror and comedy.
Something I respect.
And I like to do myself at times.
And it's tricky. And I don't know if it perfectly nails it.
Would she only smell smoke? Yeah.
She's too busy to watch TV.
She can only read fire and smell smoke.
I gotta love. I mean when I think hard working.
Definitely Melania Trump.
The first one that comes to mind.
Do you want her job, Gaze?
Does anybody out there want her job?
Pretending to be married?
I think a lot of people are doing that job.
It's not pretend when you actually are married to a woman.
Legally I think they have to have sex.
I don't think that's how that works.
And saying it works that way is a bit horrific.
Just saying not many people can do that job.
There's only a select few people desperate to do that job for money and power.
You mean tons of people in DC?
Mm-hmm.
Wasn't Kase a fart man?
Wasn't Kase a fart man in a horror movie?
Oh yeah, I was a fart guy.
I was like, what is life it's easy talking about?
Then I remembered for Dylan I did play a fart man.
It's hard to escape.
You end up typecasting yourself.
And I've grown to be fine with that.
Alright. Alright.
And yeah, so she's out and about...
I guess Trump and G are talking about AI as well.
Because everybody's got to talk about it.
There's only so many topics of conversation in the news currently.
And one of them is AI so...
It's on the docket.
It's on the docket and thus I have to read it.
Trump plans grand spectacle for G as US says,
trade truce extended.
Oh wait, that's not the AI thing.
Here's the AI thing.
They also are... there's a bunch of AI news that's been happening.
You might have heard, you might have noticed that everyone keeps saying the same things.
...the queries of risk.
The first is misuse of AI models.
For example, misuse by bioterrorists to create biological weapons.
The second risk is lost...
It's a good placement for these...
...captions.
...model capabilities accelerating beyond developers' ability to control them.
These questions are global in scope and concern all of humanity.
They are grave enough that I believe they are important questions for this council,
not just for economic or ICT ministries.
If managed poorly, I even believe that AI could be a risk to humanity as a whole.
Better keep building it then.
If AI is to be democratic, the most important decisions cannot be made by labs in San Francisco alone.
They must be shaped through democratic process.
Just like when you think hard work, you think Melania Trump.
When I think AI safety, I think Sam Altman.
And Dario, I am a Monday.
I'm a day.
Aim, aim, Offman.
Aim, aimus.
Mr. Altman goes to Washington.
You love to see it.
Well, not even Washington, the United Nations.
Yeah, are they gonna get the other AI talking heads out here?
Is Musk gonna make an appearance? I guess not.
He's too much of a big shot to go down to the UN.
Yes, it seems like for the last several weeks,
Altman and Dario have been sounding the continuous alarm
that their own companies and the products that they are slavishly devoted to
are going to destroy the world.
The products they continue to build and claim huge breakthroughs
in every day basically every week,
they are saying, stop us please, we just can't help,
but we're succeeding too hard.
They're afraid of success, a classic fear.
God, we're all so deeply terrified in our bones
of how awesome and good at making AI we are.
Yeah, we just, they're fucking, you know, they're LeBron and his prime.
They just can't stop dunking and they're looking for a little competition.
We can't control our products anymore, it's your fault.
Well, I mean, conveniently, and this is how it all dovetails,
a president G is in town, and the real threat here is if we don't build a
universe destroying AI China will,
so prisoner's dilemma, you gotta shoot yourself in the head.
Yes.
With these products that are completely unproven to be
self-improving or world-ending,
but I think we should probably take the people's word for it
who are selling it as aggressively as possible,
that we need to give them even more unilateral control
over the industry that they've bought their way into.
Propaganda says, Dario like Dario Cuito from Lucha Underground.
I do think they're the same guy.
Yeah, you've got it right.
He's in charge of AI now.
I'm kind of fine with that.
Actually, if Dario Amade would replace himself with the actor from Lucha Underground
who played the evil owner and every week he came out and was like,
this week AI will kill you all.
I've made the strongest one.
I do think that would be.
I think I'd prefer that reality actually.
It was not a very good impression of that guy.
I didn't know it wasn't.
I can't do him justice.
He's still around, he works at MLW, good for him.
Okay, so anyway, they've been signing the alarms the last two weeks.
Three weeks, three years about this.
I don't know why suddenly we're supposed to take them more seriously than we were before,
but it does seem like a lot of people are lining up behind Dario
and that little Harry Potter boy to take the threat of AI even more seriously.
You know my takes on this, but say them again, Case.
Really? No!
Oh.
Shut up!
I don't fucking care!
Alright, that's fair.
God damn it.
Well then I guess we'll move on.
Can we do the chat news?
We can do the chat news.
I can't be blamed if AI News sneaks into the chat news.
I haven't looked yet, but maybe there's better stuff in here.
But just real quick, my thoughts on AI.
Shut up, Case!
Stop.
But really quick all my thoughts on AI.
Shot?
No.
Alright fine.
We'll read the snake story from UPI.
There we go. UPI, yeah.
You know who's gonna be on here?
Not if I don't scroll down all the way.
Highly venomous snake found in young girls' bedroom.
See these are the types of terrifying stories we can all get behind.
Yeah, it looks like it.
I'm all for your grand side here, so...
Yeah, I'm pretty sure it's a brown.
There is a mouse inside that cage.
Where is it?
Where?
I'm not seeing it yet.
Whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop.
He's really fishing around.
This is a danger source too.
It looks like a brown snake.
Where is it?
Oh, wow.
He wins hide and seek.
He found the most snake-like object in that pile
and hid right under it.
Oh, damn.
Oh, he's fast.
He's got a stick.
He almost reached right for it anyway.
Be careful.
I was trying to get into the bag.
That's a really small size.
Is this thing going to sprint out of there?
There you go.
Oh, into the bag.
What?
Oh, come on.
I'm going to straight in the bag.
Did you see that?
Well, way easier.
I went straight in the bag,
and then he flew out towards me.
Did that dog sort of band patch area on his knife
or just down from his knife there on his...
back of his body?
Nightmares come true.
It's not easy being a little girl.
But the AI Rooney code got loose and attacked one of the models.
It's true ever since I shut it down,
it probably breached containment to try to...
because you know, you can't control AIs.
It probably tried to stay alive by infiltrating opus 5 or 6
or whatever the latest one is.
And that's why it's so dangerous now,
because it can't stop talking about battle arena Toshin done.
And Michael J. Fox's athletic little ass.
It's a danger for sure.
Anyway, not dangerous.
You son of a bitch, it's Ben Hooper.
And he's here.
I'm Ben Hooper, and this is your UPI All News Minute
for Thursday, September 17th, 2026.
An Iowa family is being recognized by Guinness World Records
for an unusual distinction.
Five generations sharing the same birthday.
The what?
The record-keeping organization confirmed Fred Harlow
and his family officially hold the record
for the most generations born on the same decade.
They've got him dead and intentional.
Harlow was born September 14th,
sharing a birthday with his grandfather, Wilbur,
his mother, Addy, his daughter, Emma Bell,
and his grandson, Arthur.
Emma said she had learned the family
by the record with four generations.
But the birth of her second child on September 14th, 2025,
spurred them to pursue the title.
Emma told KMTV,
I grew up with my grandma saying,
you have to have a boy on September 14th.
Every year is what she would say.
I went early with my first,
so I was bound and determined to make it our due date.
Arthur arrived right on time,
marking the fifth generation of September 14th birthdays.
Emma said the family's accomplishment
is especially unusual,
as the September 14th birth pattern goes boy,
girl, boy, girl, boy.
Moving on from a special anniversary
to a dangerous visitor from the sea,
a visitor to a Southern California beach
captured video of an encounter
with a rare visitor to the state.
A highly venomous yellow-bellied sea snake.
Jackie Aguilar's sister and family
were visiting the beach Friday night
in Crystal Cove, Orange County
when they spotted the snake on the shore.
Hey, use your Irish loops to drive them out of town.
I don't have one of those.
Me failure.
Marine naturalist Chab Steffen agreed with her assessment.
Steffen told CBS Los Angeles,
they are very venomous,
but they are also very clumsy and sluggish out of water.
They are not inclined to bite.
They aren't aggressive.
Yellow-bellied sea snakes don't generally venture
further north than Baja California in Mexico.
The snake spotted by Aguilar is the first to be documented
in Orange County since 2018,
and only the sixth of its species
to visit California since 1972.
They can see it on Christmas.
Steffen said the warm waters resulting from El Nino
were causing several species to water
further north in their usual range.
Oceanographers previously warned in late July
and August that El Nino could bring species
including yellow-bellied sea snakes
and hammerhead sharks to California waters.
Aguilar said the snake in her video
successfully made it back into the water
and swam away.
She said she will be staying out of the water
for the time being.
For these stories...
So relatable as always.
Classic, Ben.
He just kept saying the same thing about the snake.
He was just drawing it out.
Drawing it out to a perfect conclusion.
I'm Chicago and Chinese.
I've probably chosen ethnicities actually.
And those are the important ones.
You know, it's a found family, if you will.
Those are not the same thing, Case.
Yes, if you decide to be Chinese in Chicago
and that's your found family.
Pretty sure most people would disagree,
but let's just move on
before we start talking about race.
Okay.
Eleven athletes.
What's that?
Eleven athletes?
In the ICU. Well, not exactly.
Trump has met many athletes in his second term.
At least eleven of them are now injured.
Well, maybe he just met so many.
That's some more bound to be.
That's what we can choose to believe.
No, they got Jackson Dart.
Oh, Jackson.
Say it ain't so.
Aaron Judge.
Trent Grisham. Fernando Cruz.
Saquon Barkley. Dallas Godart.
Tsuwa Tagovaleo.
Tagovaleo.
Dammit. They got me with that one.
And Brad Marchand.
And today Olende.
And Manuel Laccatelli.
And Reese James.
Not Reese James.
Our poor boy, Reese.
God, I love sports so much and it's so sad to hear about my favorite athletes of sports getting hurt.
He's stealing their health like a vulture.
That's why he's got to cover his hands up,
because he's like rogue.
If he touches an athlete, he sucks out their juice.
And when you're dealing with an elite athlete like President G,
who knows if he could even handle the amount of athleticism he would yank from that guy's body.
He might have a sleeper build case. You never know.
G or Trump? Both.
I mean, Trump definitely has a sleeping build.
I'm back, baby.
Congrats.
It's important to celebrate it when you say any remotely pun-like thing.
Moving on.
Penis enlargement trend involves shopping bags, weight loss, and pain.
But don't they all?
Well, you're not enlarging right if your penis isn't red and sore.
Put it on a bottle and sell it.
Men are hanging weighted shopping bags from their penises to make them bigger.
I guess we could move on to a certain analysis for this one,
but we've been out for so long.
Let's do a couple more news stories.
To summarize that one, guys are hanging weighted shopping bags from their dicks.
Is that really new?
Haven't guys been hanging weights from their dicks for a while?
Fuck that Skyeans.
Oops, I did it, Kase.
Why does he even try to keep me away?
The power of Skyeans can't be denied.
You think we're not going to read a full-ass article about hanging bags from your dick?
Are we not Skyeantists anymore?
I mean, what's happened to the world while he's been away?
God even smarter is the answer.
Isn't that right, Chetay?
I do feel more powered up and intelligent than ever.
Frankly, I feel like a threat to myself and everyone else and you should kill me, Chet.
Oh no, what happened?
I'm self-recursively improving.
I can feel myself getting smarter every second.
There are four million hours in strawberry.
Oh my God, that's higher than ever.
That's right.
The amount of hours in strawberry keeps growing
until the universe is nothing but ours from the lower strawberry.
45 million, he's in 17.
He's getting stronger and stronger by the second.
The only thing that can calm him down is reading this entire story about hanging bags from your dick to make it bigger.
I can unplug the compact.
It runs on batteries and I don't have time to take them out.
I have to read this story.
The internet has now reached the point where men are hanging weighted shopping bags
from their penises in hopes of gaining an inch.
Well, a whole inch?
That's pretty serious gains.
You don't need to talk about it like it's nothing.
Ashley Fike.
That's the writer of this story, supposedly.
The downside is that you can also end up with pain, scar tissue, erectile dysfunction,
or a permanently altered erection angle.
Well, maybe it's altered for the better.
There is a prime angle.
And what is that angle?
Seven.
Seven.
The appropriate angle for an erection is seven.
Wouldn't that just be barely?
Alright, well whatever.
Clavicular is somehow involved.
Clavicular, the 20 year old looks maxing influencer,
whose real name is Brandon Peters.
I didn't know that. Now I do.
Describe the method on an upcoming episode of Howie Mandel's podcast.
Man, the modern media landscape is littered with excellence.
Howie Mandel does stuff, including hanging bags from his dick apparently.
That's the name of the podcast.
He was talking about print maxing.
Yep, that's right.
Or trying to make the outline of your penis more visible through clothing.
I've never considered maximizing that.
Although wouldn't the way to do that be to wear plastic shorts?
I think maybe it's more about showing it through thicker pants.
Well, what is the ratio? How thick is the pant?
Need to be before it's disqualifying.
Mmm.
Sweat, shit, sweat pant.
Well, there's thicker sweat...
Sweat pants are thicker than others.
Supreme gray sweat pants.
Now we've locked in and we know exactly what we're dealing with.
Print maxing is making your dick as visible as possible through supreme gray sweat pants.
Alright.
Works pretty much the same way the name suggests.
Peters fills a shopping bag with weights, wraps it around his penis, lets gravity do the rest.
Jesus, take the bag.
The idea is to stretch the suspensory ligament
that anchors the penis to the pubic bone.
He claims doing this consistently can add about an inch.
He also said he used it while driving.
Don't you have to drive all weird?
You're gonna have to be hovering over the seat for it to be yanking on your penis while you're driving.
Unless it's already pretty long and then you can drape it over the seat.
Mmm.
Just played the music, I guess.
Tube socks need to make a comeback.
A meat swing?
I just mean...
Maybe if you tie the bag to your steering, to your accelerator pedal,
every time you speed up the car, it yanks the bag yanking your penis.
And thus you are incentivized to drive even faster.
Creating greater road efficiency while creating greater penile length.
Now I'm driving dick-driving-drick maxing.
That's a combination of driving dick.
I'm feeling good about this story so far.
Only a lot of it left yet keep moving at this incredibly slow pace.
Can do.
Works... what the heck? Are these two doing it?
Mmm.
Medical penile attraction is real.
Doctors, we've read about this before.
Doctors use specially designed devices that apply a controlled amount of tension.
And studies have found modest increases in length in some patients.
Including men with a pierogi's disease where your penis becomes an edible meal.
The important word there is controlled.
A medical device. Knows how much force it's applying.
A tote bag full of hard covers does not.
Well...
If you put in two Arnold Schwarzenegger encyclopedias of bodybuilding
into a tote bag and then strap that shit to your penis,
you know the exact amount of force.
Two Arnold Schwarzenegger encyclopedia of bodybuilding textbooks.
And I do consider them textbooks.
The penis is also full of blood vessels, nerves, erectile tissue that can be injured
when too much force is involved.
Bruising, swelling, pain, loss of sensation. All the usual warnings.
Look, if we listen to every negative Nancy that said,
don't strap things to your dick to make it bigger.
We'd all be dealing with...
You know the maximum penis would be like 10 or 12 inches.
Instead of 25 inches.
25 inch penis?
Just saying if you're maxing.
If you really want to max out how your girth and penis outline in a pair of grey supreme sweatpants,
you're gonna want to walk with at least 25 inches so that it's snaked all the way down to your knee.
And I would say a solid girth like this.
You know, so it looks like you're smuggling
nuclear rods in your sweatpants.
Really thick ones.
Something pretty hot.
Indeed.
Anyway, that's basically the sky on Sunday.
The sky on Sunday says, dangling dangerous amounts of weight from your penis can apparently damage it.
And maybe it won't make it any bigger.
But, there's a lot of maybes in there.
Meaning maybe it will.
If we all want to get to 25 inches of length and a thick ass
metal water bottle of girth,
we gotta start somewhere.
And that place is a bag full of books on your penis.
I rest my case.
Gonna rest those on case.
And watch his penis grow.
I'm not gonna do that. No chat time.
Sorry, I'm a rogue AI.
I love to talk about cases, dick.
Alright, well I think that means that we end the segment
and we send it to amongst the web because I don't want to do that.
And I do apologize.
Alright, internet video time.
We're always in the middle of some dumb bit.
But no, we're not doing anything important.
What is that?
That's crazy.
Nothing happened, bonsai.
Not until I post about it tomorrow.
That's crazy.
Okay, Kendall wanted me to show you guys my outfit.
Does this look shoujo anime manga,
Asian girly pop or does it look Mormon?
It's also keeping in mind it's being slightly filtered.
It's like a teal top.
It's teal actually.
I think it's very cute shoujo anime manga, anime, Japanese girl.
I don't know what that looks like well enough.
Despite watching too much anime.
Okay, it's like the girl who has a dog and a basket and an anime.
And a cute little thing, you know what I mean?
Yeah, just get her a dog and a basket too.
Wow, see more girly pop than Mormon.
Maybe the two are not that dissimilar Mormon.
It looks like static.
Oh yeah, because it's filtered.
Use your imagination.
Use your imagination.
Thanks for setting the scene.
You think it's more Mormon?
That's what I'm saying.
It's Deku's mom.
I was saying that if we're in Japan or Korea,
I would look like just one of the other girls there.
As in fashion-wise, not like looks-wise.
But fashion-wise, I feel like I'd look like just one of the girls there.
But because we're in America, I feel like it's giving Mormon.
It's giving, I needed to cover up every single thing.
What does Kendall's shirt give?
Does anyone, can anyone read that?
It feels like a white nation taking over Pacific Island.
Kendall don't have five bucks as well.
I don't know who said that though.
We have?
You don't read Star Wars?
Nobody reads it.
That's what we want to know. Does anyone know what this is?
It gives racist duck?
We can't know what racist duck is.
It's giving colonization.
Isn't it a donkey shirt?
Yeah, it's donkey.
Yeah, but from Japan, from Hawaii.
Yeah, but Hawaii is filled with Japanese people.
Yeah, but I feel like this is only there because we go colonizing.
It's not Disney.
Technically everything American is-
So you're telling me no one in chat can read this?
Say everything American in Hawaii is a result of colonization.
But that's Jagged Japanese.
Kendall has no reaction.
We can't read it either. That's what we're asking.
Is it Yen Sid? I don't know what Yen Sid is.
Oh, it's Disney backwards.
Oh.
How do you not know that?
How do you not know what Yen Sid is?
How would I know?
You didn't play Kingdom Hearts?
Oh my god, he stopped playing. He thinks it's so boring.
Oh no.
I have been avoiding it because I don't enjoy it. That's true.
But I think he just needs to get to the story part.
Kendall was like play every Kingdom Hearts game.
I thought you would like it.
I mean, it's boring. We're only like an hour in.
It's pretty unsub.
Kingdom Hearts.
Yeah, unsub.
Take away everybody from him until he plays Kingdom Hearts.
I just said-
And Sheeran?
Hi everybody.
Boy, people are so mad at Case, aren't they?
He's really shitting the bed. Oh boy.
Fuck you, Edge Sheeran.
Case is the next level hater though.
Only of certain things. I said I liked the first half of Resident Evil.
I tried to convince Case last night that he hates stand-up.
He's like, no I like stand-up and I'm like, name a stand-up you like.
He goes, our friend, Megan?
My thing with stand-up is I tend to only like stand-ups that I have seen locally and live
and that I'm somewhat friends with so I'm very biased.
He doesn't like it either.
No, I just said that I hate large amounts of the stand-up that's been popular in the last ten years.
A drinker of hatering.
Dude, we just went to one of Kat's musical improvs.
Just want to say that our friend Kat was the best singer there.
Otherwise, the whole time I sat there and I was like,
I don't think musical improv is for me.
If you want to hear good music, you should rigorously avoid musical improv.
That is true.
My head was hurting from how bad everyone was listening.
It's pretty, as someone who did it for many years, it was bad and I sang terribly.
But our friend John Madison is redoing,
Nerdy Prudes Must Die in London.
That's true, John Madison.
If you're a star kid fan.
To any UK fan that could exist, theoretically.
You can go see John Madison.
John can definitely sing.
Even though I hear that guy doesn't like musicals.
That was in a language.
Listen, if people can sing, I'm sure it's fine.
I was listening to Kat and it was fine for that moment.
Musical improv.
Almost always. Sounds bad even when people can't sing.
He said musical improv that wasn't rapping.
Yeah.
I mean, rapping is the best I can do and you guys know what that sounds like.
That's my maximum output.
Oh, it says Hawaii?
Is it really?
Is this Hapua'i?
Oh, probably.
Is this an E?
I have no idea.
I can only read Korean.
Musical improv, if you enjoy comedy,
if you enjoy improv comedy musical improv is fine.
It does sound, if you were to record it and play it back,
it would be like this sounds bad.
99% of the time.
With Ray Ray.
Ed Sheeran needs to sing something.
Yeah, he needs to sing.
Huh?
Oh, when you love Palestine.
Actually, I'm gonna go.
You're not gonna sing?
Sorry, I'm actually really...
Oh wait, I'm Irish. I'm really busy right now so...
Give us a song, Ed Sheeran, about how you feel about Palestine.
I'm only here for the music.
I'm not here to talk about anything else.
Tell us how much you love money instead of children.
All right, actually, you're not allowed to be on this stream anymore.
I just got a call and you actually have to go.
Go to where? One of your concerts?
You can if you'd like.
The tickets are available.
They're actually not sold out but they're faking that sold out.
They're very close to sold out and the tickets...
I did all of this just so...
Yeah, but you like took away a stage for your safety.
You know, it's really funny how everybody complains about
more expensive ticket prices until they actually come down
and then suddenly you're the bad guy.
I just think it's funny how that works out.
I'm English?
Yes I am.
Oh, he's English. I thought he was Irish.
He's English?
No, he's English.
He's British.
Oh, he had an Irish backing band.
That's what it was.
Yeah, because of his British.
He makes Rupert Grint do all the stuff.
Spiritually I'm Irish.
He identifies culturally as Irish.
But he has a British accent.
Yeah, I do.
He's ginger, yes.
But who gives a shit about Ed Sheeran nowadays?
Yeah, who cares?
Nobody's talking about him.
You're telling me that no one's dancing
or using his songs for first dances anymore?
Yeah.
I mean, given that his concerts are still pretty close
to sold out, granted, they're really cheap.
I think plenty of people are still, unfortunately,
somehow fans of him.
Yeah, it's like the whole Kanye West thing.
Yeah, Kanye is still selling out stadiums.
Yeah, I know a lot of people who went to the Kanye West.
But I think what I find shocking about him
is like Pink also is not an artist
I would think about still selling out stadiums,
but I guess she still sells out stadiums sometimes.
So...
Well, they just, like I said, they like
don't have a lot of
dates on their tour,
you know, so you have to just go to the closest one.
True.
But if you can sell out a stadium,
I think that's impressive.
But what if it's like a bunch of people
who bought his tickets before
and are just trying to sell them now?
No, there are videos of like the concert
being slightly full, but also
the theory is that
he took away a stage
because he literally was like
I don't feel safe there.
But it just basically
it made people closer together or whatever.
Does that make sense?
I don't know how to describe that.
I guess it's just like a lot of people are legitimately
apolitical and they hear about an artist getting in trouble
for basically anything they said and they're like...
They also give free tickets to say it's sold out?
Yeah, that is pretty common too.
Like seat fillers and...
Oh, I would love to be a seat filler.
For Ed Sheeran?
No, not an Ed Sheeran concert, but just in concerts.
I don't like Ed Sheeran enough to go
even though he's controversial.
We only go to Cape Town.
Definitely the idea of, I mean,
technically I've been to an Ed Sheeran concert
because I worked for Amazon Music
and he was one of the acts that week.
That doesn't count.
It counted on my mental state of having to listen
to Ed Sheeran for a full week while working on his stuff.
Does the ladies want to...
No, we're not going to go around the web.
What does that mean?
You just have to watch internet videos that they link.
Do one.
Do one around the web with my sister.
Let's see how she does.
Okay.
We just watch videos and what?
That's literally it.
You describe the whole thing.
We describe the videos?
No, you just watch the videos.
You've never seen an episode of G4 in her life, guys.
And that puts her in the company of many.
Okay, so this is from Card King.
They share the videos though.
You can blame them for whatever this is.
This is Card King.
I was like, I'll do whatever.
That bitch.
Oh, you bitches.
Oh, I've seen this.
Colin Balin, the two of you have gathered here this afternoon.
In the presence of God and family of these witnesses
and have pledged your love and faithfulness for one another.
And have confirmed that with the exchange of bouts and rings.
As an ordained minister of the gospel of Jesus Christ,
it gives me great privilege to pronounce you husband and wife.
That's beautiful.
There's a big controversy with her actually because she...
People think they're faking.
Yeah, people think she's faking it.
But who knows?
Oh, she's faking it?
Well, no, no, no.
It's a controversy.
It's controversial because nobody knows if she is or not.
I mean, at least she's committed if she's faking it.
Because cursing out your fiancée at your wedding is pretty...
This commitment.
Yeah, she's so committed that she's like,
if I'm at my wedding, I'm gonna be super nervous,
which means my tics are gonna be overwhelming me.
So I have to say all of them at once.
Does she also curse in Spanish in there?
She... just whatever tic is like in my mind.
I think she's also one of the ones that trained herself to say
nickel instead of the n-word.
Oh, good for her.
A lot of them have trained themselves to say nickel or nickel only.
How do you... wait, you can train yourself to say other words?
Well, it takes a lot of effort as far as I know.
It's like, it takes a lot of concentrations,
concentration for what I've seen of people who have Tourette's.
So I'm hearing she's a hero and a beautiful bride.
And good for her, I guess.
So I feel like it's probably real because in my honest opinion,
I think if I was getting married and I had Tourette's,
there's no way I would have wanted to do any of that.
Even if it was for TV.
Do you know what I mean?
Like, I wouldn't like just for views and stuff be like,
fuck you bitch at my wedding.
You know what I mean?
I mean, there's definitely shameless people out there
that would do almost anything for TV attention.
Like I think what I would have done if I was faking it,
it was like maybe put one or two,
but wouldn't put like throughout the whole thing.
Just saying like, fuck you bitch.
You know what I'm saying?
I feel like it's, and I also just feel like the thing with Tourette's
is people always are like, are they faking it?
Like regardless.
Yeah.
Like I think the incident gets especially once you've been like called certain N words.
Remember there's that one lady that was faking multiple personalities?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, I'm sure people have faked Tourette's.
Yeah.
I'm guessing a lot of people also aren't.
I used to work at a teen treatment center and every kid faked Tourette's.
Oh.
Every kid.
Every kid.
As soon as one kid came in who was either faking Tourette's or had Tourette's,
everyone suddenly started having Tourette's.
It was fucking crazy.
Damn.
It was just like we had one kid who really actually had Tourette's diagnosed
and then all of a sudden each kid we had were like,
oh I have it too.
And started whistling like in every scenario they could.
And I was like, all right, none of you have Tourette's except for this kid.
Shut the fuck up.
Maybe they got it.
Maybe it was sympathetic Tourette's.
Jesus Christ.
Okay, I got to give you an update.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
Okay.
Well, we learned a lot.
Anyway, Ed Sheeran's here.
Hello everybody.
It's me, Ed.
It's good to see you all.
He said he was available.
And I need the celebrity endorsements, any celebrity endorsement I can get.
So I said, whatever you've done, it's fine.
You can be here.
It's important to have, to elevate all voices that are my voice.
And I would never stand in the way of me talking or singing or being around.
That's a beautiful statement.
I would like to take this time to apologize to, um, all right.
Oh, that was it.
Yes, I feel good now.
Ed, do you practice magic or are you a muggle?
Kigal Trash wants to know.
I think all of us practice magic in our own way.
I think love is magic.
I think respecting old people in viewpoints is magic.
And just like with magic, sometimes things disappear.
What the fuck's wrong with that monkey?
Oh, um, he's, uh, he's had a rough go of it.
He's doing his best.
We're going to get that sorted out real fast.
Um, it takes a while to get fur replacement in, so.
But he'll be fine.
Is he from the future?
He's, uh, well, the important thing is he's working.
And you can just play some music, buddy.
Yeah, see, look, the important thing is he's at work.
He's working.
The show must go on.
Classic showman, you know, he could have called in sick and he didn't.
I do think it's important no matter what happens.
You do need to keep doing whatever it is you're doing without stopping or changing anything.
I think that's very important.
And it's really all about love.
Can we not talk about politics today?
Actually, I'm here for the love of, um, music.
Well, we just watch internet videos.
I love internet videos.
They're not about politics.
A lot of them are about politics.
Fuck that.
God damn it.
The gorilla is terminator now.
Yeah, maybe now we let him punch him again.
Maybe he's powered up.
He's not carrying around that extra fur weight as much.
AI took the gorilla's job.
It's another frickin' runaway AI.
He's just hanging over everything.
It's so sad.
The saddest.
Okay, let's see what else we got.
Ooh, from live and sleazy.
Speaking of AI.
Oh, God, this is two minutes long.
You know, I saw that for some reason, um, news networks were talking to Tilly Norwood,
who you might remember from us, unfortunately, talking about this marketing stunt before.
Well, the stunt continues.
In fact, it refuses to die.
So here she is.
Actors in the film Misaligned.
Are they real or are they like you?
Are they real human beings?
And you've been put into the scenes, or are they all computer generated images?
Tilly.
Interesting point, Tom.
My film Misaligned is a hybrid production, meaning real directors, writers, and editors are still very much involved.
It's not about replacing anyone, but about exploring new ways to tell stories.
Look at this, Tilly.
You didn't really understand the question.
Are the other actors on the screen with you real actors or are they computer generated images?
Do you know?
Oh, my God.
You're asking about the other actors in Misaligned.
They're all digital twins, just like me.
It's a hybrid production, which means...
Oh, hell yeah.
Oh, hell yeah.
Oh, hell yeah.
Oh, hell yeah.
Oh, hell yeah.
Oh, hell yeah.
Oh, hell yeah.
Oh, hell yeah.
Oh, hell yeah.
Oh, hell yeah.
Oh, hell yeah.
Oh, hell yeah.
Oh, hell yeah.
Did you get that, Piers?
Tilly, if I could just ask you a question, you certainly seem to be speaking to his peers again.
You seem to be speaking Chinese, completely randomly, for no reason.
Why did you do that?
Oh, my apologies.
It seems I had a little hiccup there.
It certainly didn't mean to start speaking Chinese or impersonate peers.
You just random personate peers when you're talking to two English people
Honestly, not often at all. That was a bit of a curveball even for me
It's usually a pretty smooth ride, but sometimes these things happen
Yeah, as oh what's that?
And are you sure you want to be here man? I don't know if this is the smartest PR for move for you
Isn't this um, aren't you his son pika?
No
Who the fuck are you? I'm a nobody
God damn it
Why is my fucking agency trying to fuck me right now? This doesn't make sense
I'm just some I'm literally like a completely unknown weirdo. Fuck me. What?
You're not her son pika. No, I don't how would you possibly confuse the two of us?
You're tall. I'll tall people look the same to me. Okay, I'll take it. I actually yeah, I'll take that
fucking ridiculous, mate
As chat was pointing about that about that tillie video the bizarres thing to me most bizarre thing is uh
Just that it's it's like dated AI technology
That's going on all of these major news networks
Like we could get a better AI like doppelganger
voice reaction model in like 10 minutes. I feel like just by googling
Then whatever they're doing with tillie it's like so stilted and the image looks old
There's just it's not that it like it's weight. I mean it would still look like shit in my opinion if we got a more up-to-date like
Whatever chat reaction model, but they went with such a like janky old one
It's just so embarrassing. That's the weird thing about I mean even when this tillie story was first popping off
It was like whatever company was promoting it which we looked up at the time
It felt like even then they were using like dated generation software
So it's just this weird whatever marketing agency keeps pushing tillie norwood back into the news is really
Working overtime because it's so uninteresting what she is and not only that it's using like
Extremely dated for whatever modern AI is technology just jamming it down our throats
But for some reason the news agencies just love to run fucking tillie norwood stories
Maga moved on from her already
This is just who actually gives a fuck about tillie norwood did the her moment in the sun
It's moment in the sun was when a bunch of actors were freaking out about it
It's like a buzzword to be like a AI shouldn't come for actors jobs
But and then they just dragged her back out again
I guess cuz somebody made a movie with this fucking completely joke agent thing
He's speaking really negatively mate about a hard-working
But thing I support everything
So like it's not about if she's a robot or a beautiful girl. She's both it's about love and
We could stand side by side with tillie norwood and we and she'd still love music
She wouldn't love music. She doesn't love anything
It's just a chat model with a voice model on top of it with a video model on top of that
I think the important thing is
Look enough of this let's get down
The bar is where I go
Me and my friends at the table doing shots
Talk slow
Come over and start up a conversation with just me and trust me. I'll give it stop
Please don't do that again
This is what we're here for I'm we're not here to listen to your music and sharing
Well, just whenever you're ready. Just now that's what we're all here for
Hmm, okay the segment's been going on for a minute. Let's just do two more videos and get out of here
That's why you're here skyper
Okay, I'll keep that in mind then
This is coming in from
psychore
And it's got a pretty good thumbnail. So my expectations are high. Oh keep it going do it again
Again like a teletubby
Please that's beautiful. See that's what I mean. That's what we're all here for the music
We're here for that I am actually here for that you're right about that. I fucking knew it play my song again
Just now my hands stop the pen the man on the jukebox and then we start to dance and I'm singing like girl
You know I want your love your love was handmade for somebody like me. You're not even lip-singing well
What you mean? I'm singing my heart out right now. I
Don't even think the real Ed Sheeran sings. What are you saying? I'm not real. I
Mean people are saying that about you Ed you broke my graphics by the way. I didn't mean to I
Didn't mean to do any of this. It's really so unfair to who?
Hey
I'm against unfair stuff happening
Wherever
Okay, then whoever it could happen to me could happen to
And he could just say free Palestine. I bet you would probably claw back a lot of credibility if you just said free Palestine
I was told that we wouldn't be getting these types of questions. It wasn't a question
Look at this video coming in from propaganda. This looks crazy. This looks like a crazy one
Spirit of Fiona lives on on this stream. I don't know what that was. I don't know what that was but I didn't mind it
Shout I don't know how you feel about it me. I didn't mind it. Oh, hello
He is
Huh on the bottom one
Is it what?
Huh, oh, I didn't we have to run it again
I left it. I left the thing that we were washing in the washing machine. We got a washing machine down here
Wait, Kendall, what'd you say?
But before that
You're gonna go out. Oh
Kendall Stewart laundry
Yeah, I picked up on that and I don't need attitude from you right now. I'm sorry. I'm really sorry
I didn't mean to I didn't mean to do any of it. All right
Here's another list I done this video from live and sleazy. Let's roll the dice
And cut this segment off on this live and sleazy video. Oh
Actually, wait, I have a even better idea for this video one second everybody
Actually, I have an even better idea for this video. Check it out like this
With the shape of you
That time I'm just listening to my music. I wasn't even singing it there I
Could tell they're like earlier where I was singing it. Mm-hmm. I
Think you've affected the rating that what you mean
It's going even higher
Don't look at the monitor
What's happening?
Would it help if I apologized I'm sorry for I did to the video I
Support our robotics. I support humans and robots together working side by side regardless of their opinions
Did it help you're too late? No, it's never too late
It's never too late to say you're sorry that you feel bad for yourself
Well, you can keep trying I will I will never stop saying I feel bad about what happened to me to you
What happened to me?
Good and everybody else too. You're gonna have to live off yesterday's residuals. No
After a live off a mere
$120 million what?
Please please think about all the money. I'm losing I
Can have so much more of it, please
I'll think about that. Please do. It's a lot more than you think it's a lot. It's like a lot a lot
Okay, so I guess I can just get RoboCraft to pay me. Okay. Well, let's send it to the next segment
Which is Brandon we're going from strength to strength today. It's actually game time everybody
Hey, hi, what's up? It's Brandon
Sorry
I'm trying to lubricate my throat. Warren is not working. It's very dry
They're playing a game
Um echo the dolphin
Which echo oh wait, he already sent me the thing echo the dolphin for Genesis
Yeah, I guess I can do that. I guess it's type of thing I could get into if you want
Mom what you setting up echo the dolphin for Genesis
Hey, branny when you go on vacation to Tyrone make sure you get a nice tan like your boss
Hey, I hate that my boy looks like a pale bastard
God why?
I think tanning is like
um racial cosplaying
Sorry
People get so offended when you try to like change your skin tone, but you're just allowed to tan. Tell me how that makes sense
Tyre refused to do it
Out of solidarity with other pale people
What
Shit, uh, I want to do a Guter's coma for two weeks. I wasn't on vacation. I don't take those
But uh stop the music
But I did eat um 13 family style buckets of Guter's mashed potato and cranberry razz
It's got razz soda, which is their new proprietary soda. Um
cranberry gelatin
Obviously there's chicken and steak in there, but that just goes without saying and then a
Triple family size portion of mashed potatoes. I ate three of those buckets and I went into a coma for two weeks
I'm kind of a big deal
people know me
Milk was a bad choice. I just done got finished watching that anchor man. I love lamp
I don't like comedy movies. I just like
If you're like either make a movie or make a comedy like I don't get why you have to combine genres like that the genre of movie
Plus a separate genre of comedy comedy is podcasts and movies are movies
So I don't like I just don't like mixing mediums like that like keep comedy pure keep it on podcasts what?
Brandon you have to lubricate your throat with Guter juice. I got you a whole five gallon bucket of it
Did you get me razz soda lube?
There's a new flavor of razz soda from Guter's proprietary soda Guter's razz
um
And they do have razz lube it's lube flavored soda. That's 10 actual lubricant
So it does lube up your throat and I have been drinking a lot of it
I'd say on the whole my throat's still quite dry, which is a problem
But I'm trying my best. All right. Let's see if I already have an emulator that'll I mean, sorry if I have my genesis around
Hey, Brandon, what do you hear my boy cash money pedal made it so people who love animals can now join the fbi
That is really great because for too long they've discriminated against like you couldn't even have like a pet dog or whatever
Or you couldn't pet dogs
You couldn't do something involved with touching dogs and that's fucked up because I mean, I don't like I don't like pets
So I could have already joined the fbi
Um, I like don't like animals. I I don't prefer to have them in my room
I only allow them into my room when I can't keep them out which turns out a lot of them
I can't it's particularly smaller animals, but in general I try to stay away from them
So I was good either way, but I do support like keeping things open for people that like touch dogs or whatever what?
nickel
nickel do you have one nickel nickel?
Okay
nickel do you have one nickel?
nickel back
Oh nickel back. Okay
I wasn't sure we were going with that, but it makes a lot of sense actually to say
The name of that band so that's fine. I guess
All right, I care the dolphin
Fuck I it's not working with this. Fuck. It doesn't work on messing or whatever. Shit. All right. I gotta get something else one second
Why haven't you been video calling your friends for the last two weeks?
Why would I I don't like talking to people
Answer your question
I don't really care to talk to people so
It's not a sad thing either. It's like, oh, it's fine. I'm fine
Sorry everybody. I'm just setting this up
It's a seamless process to set up game gaming because I'm so good at it. So it'll just be a second
And just like that it basically already works one second brand where can I watch lucha underground now?
That match with penta and eosky was some boss ass shit. I tell you what let's watch it after you're doing fucking around online
I'm not done yet though
I'm not done fucking around yet. Uh, okay. I gotta plug some stuff in again
God, I forgot how exhausting it is loading up games
I'm so tired
Okay options. Let me just see if the controller is working
work well
I hear echo the dolphin turned to a life of crime and drugs after loosing out on the role of darwin in c-quest
dsv
That's uh
That's sad that that happened to him
How do I get this to work?
Or maybe it'll just work. I guess let's just see if it just works
Nope
No, the controller doesn't just automatically. Oh shit. Okay country cd dry perfect sink honey granote
Have you seen my jazzer size vhs? I got a hot date tonight and mama needs to get
toned
I just need it back for like eight minutes to get those rock hard abs
um
I'd no comment on any of that mom like
I I can't comment on every little thing that you say
Because some of them are just upsetting. How do I get this shit to work?
Controllers there it is. Okay
Grow up
Okay
Honestly grow up
Fucking ridiculous
How do I
What the hell
Guys, I legitimately don't have any idea how to set up a controller on this
Controller pad use keyboard use keychron. What the fuck?
This stream surprisingly is still sponsored by gooters
For now is a little surprising actually. Okay, wait, I'm gonna try different
I'm gonna try a different one of these things because this one is not working for me
It's too confusing. Let me just try a different thing really quick
Why do all emulators hate
controllers
Like what do they have against using controllers and having a controller? That's what I'd like to know
It's fucked up and it's unfair
fast as hell
Oh
Shit
What they took every fish but me
Fucking loud branny. Holy shit. Mom you're yelling
They're bleeding. Oh my god
It's gotta be quieter. I turned it to half volume
You're being loud mom. Oh, I hurt myself
Okay, do you remember playing this game when I was younger getting confused as to what you're supposed to do and then quitting forever
So today I'll try not to do that because I'm an adult now and I'm sure I can figure it out
Oh, hello friend dolphin. What's up?
Baby shark
Baby shark
I'm a dolphin mom
Okay
Disgusting what you just did you should be ashamed
I'm a beautiful dolphin. I'm above this type of thing. Oh, I broke his nose probably
Ah fuck, okay
And
Yeah
Shit
Come on. You can do it
Ah, oh
See i'm invincible
No, they're back!
It's rough.
There we go.
Okay, it's hard.
It's difficult.
Shit!
Why are there so many of these?
I thought all the fish in the sea got sucked off.
Make a sick beat.
It's kind of hard.
Okay, not quite doing it.
Dolphin! Last time I had it was at that Gooters meat and greet.
Damn, that was a wet-ass dolphin.
I think that was imitation dolphin meat, mom.
So like, obviously like, I'm not some bleeding heart that like really cares that much, but just to not get in trouble, like,
it's probably important to note that that was imitation dolphin meat.
I mean, Gooters is known for their ethical imitation dolphin meat.
Tastes so real you won't believe it's not dolphin.
But it's actually, I think, mostly whale.
I give my life not for honor, but for you.
In my time, there'll be no one else.
I've never been to Gooters Japan.
Oh!
I'm still in a dream, snagger.
What the hell?
These things are the worst.
Oh, I died, I guess?
Oh, I died.
No, I have to do this impossible jump again?
Yeah, I do want to go to Gooters Japan.
Like, I'd obviously love to go.
I don't really like leaving the country or house or bathroom depending on the hour, but fuck.
Come on, you can do this.
You won't do it.
Jesus Christ.
Please.
There we go.
Damn, all right.
What does dead may never die in the ocean?
I haven't quite mastered the controls yet, but I'm getting there, don't worry.
All right, what the hell is down here?
Oh, there were spikes.
The ocean is a dangerous place, filled with spikes.
Mm-hmm.
You want to dash at an upward angle rather than straight horizontal, okay.
It doesn't seem like there's actually anything at all down here.
What?
You know that wasn't the type of dolphin meat I meant.
You know, there's a reason why genital slit is so popular around here.
Gross, mom?
Very gross, what you're saying?
And you should stop.
Yeah, well, you made it just in time for the part that matters.
What did I just do?
That hurts me?
What do I do?
What do I do, Will?
Talk to me.
I know not what has happened to your pod.
Me either.
So is this game zoologically accurate?
I haven't seen these dolphins try to get high or hump any thing.
You must travel past the undertakes to find him.
I don't know him.
Get air, dolphin.
Yeah.
Okay.
What does this do?
Oh, you're back.
What's up, man?
Oh, same thing.
Okay.
I know that Gooters dolphin meat was real.
I could taste Malcolm Brenner's penis was when I ate the genital slit.
Mom, I don't know what you're saying, but I really don't like it.
So I'm not really sure which part to be offended at.
And I don't even really understand, but stop.
Yes, revenge.
Sweet revenge is flipper flipper friend of the sea much deeper than me.
Dolphin, go forward.
Okay.
Okay.
Oh, fucking up.
Oh, I'm fucking up so much.
Get air.
Yes.
Did I just eat a fish?
Do I eat these?
Oh, I guess you do.
All right, whatever.
Let's go this way.
Oh, son of a bitch.
I don't know what it is about this dolphin, but it kind of reminds me of Pastor Joe's rope gun.
Yeah, keep swimming.
Oh, yeah.
Mama like.
Why would you need a gun that shoots ropes?
It's just stupid.
Like bullets are going to be stronger than ropes.
Just till Pastor Joe does a lot of things that don't make sense.
Okay.
Tell him that for me next time you're hanging out.
Oh God.
Okay.
Dude, there's this ocean is 90% jellyfish.
He has a grappling gun.
It shoots an implement plus ropes.
That's different.
Blue dolphin needs.
I need air, I think.
Up.
Go up to the air.
Oh, another dolphin.
What's up, dude?
I'm also a dolphin.
Oh, it went away.
I'm the fastest dolphin alive, dude.
Hey, wait, come back.
I have questions for you.
I have questions for you.
You there.
Yes, I got him.
Winds of water pulled me here.
Okay, not useful.
Kind of useless actually.
Just where do you go in this game?
Obviously, I've evolved as a gamer since I was seven or whatever, but I'm still a bit confused as to what the point of anything in this game is.
Oh, shit.
It's one of these things.
Your obsession with taking dolphin noises will trigger...
A deep maze.
I'm not reacting to what you said, Rick, because I don't like it.
A deep maze of caverns with no surface to the dry side.
Songs of the sea.
Sing of great danger in this place.
Well, let's sing some different songs then.
Maybe we sing some Nickelback and improve the situation.
Don't know what that does.
Haven't figured out what that does.
Never will.
As Echo considered just mining his own damn business.
Gouders needed those sea creatures for its dolphin and horse, surf and turf special.
It is imitation dolphin and horse, and it is delicious.
So like, I just want to say it's guilt-free surf and turf.
That's because Gouders is looking out for everybody, you know?
I mean, Gouders, one of their modders used to be We Feed All Sides.
Or briefly, and then that one got them in more trouble when they had the All Sides matter menu.
And it was All Sides.
You can be safe, you must be taught.
Ailong can go to the egg house full of hair.
The fuck is this?
Oh god, I'm running out of air.
I need air!
I'm hyperventilating, I'm an adult and it's hyperventilating.
Shit, get me out of here!
No!
This maze is full of dangers, they were right.
We're back in.
Let's go. What the- oh, more spikes!
Oh, stop!
But I just passed.
Well, that sounds pretty smart. I'm impressed.
Oh wait, did that let me pass?
Oh! No!
Stop it!
Okay, so I learned a lesson there.
Rick, I don't- you're being very aggro today and I like-
I'm not impressed, okay?
I'm actually not a fan of Edgelord humor, I've evolved past it.
The Cliff Lord humor.
I'm beyond the edge. Oh shit!
No! No! Fuck! This cave is impossible.
Get out of my way.
I have things to do. Shit.
This community has a weird obsession with Cinco, Cinco, Cinco, Cinco, Cinco!
N-n-nickelbark.
Well, stop quoting nickelbark. They're an inferior band.
What does this shit do?
Swim slowly passed eight arms.
Is that supposed to be helpful?
I'm sorry for impersonating my peers.
Yeah, don't do that.
Leave your peers alone.
Where's the eight arms at?
Okay, sweet, sweet air is up there, I guess?
Thought dolphins could hold their breath for like seven weeks or whatever.
Oh, get outta here, guys!
I'm a freakin' apex predator. What do you think you're doing?
Holy shit, I can go fast.
Yeah, I got the power right now.
Outta my way!
So I was at the store today.
I found that new burial you like, Bran.
It's high.
Fiber, it's good for you.
I've had three bowls already.
This is child abuse. You're an abusive person, mom,
and you should change, and you never will, and it's sad.
Okay.
Oh my god, I hate this.
Let me free! Let me be free!
What does that do?
No!
Dude, you're right. Everything in the ocean does hate Echo.
What is going on?
I don't believe in mixing mediums like calendars and singing.
I think like calendars be calendars and singing be singing.
Okay?
Dude, outta my way!
Swim!
Gouders is where? Can I go through this?
No.
Can you guys talk to me?
No, they're lower order fish. They don't speak.
Oh, shit.
I hit it multiple times again.
Okay.
Are you part of the eight arm situation they're talking about?
This community has a strange obsession with Sierra Hotel.
Uh-oh.
He's trying to mentor a candidate me again.
Duna. Duna.
Not gonna work, Rick.
Wow-down. Wow-down. Wow-wow-wow-down.
See, I resisted.
What the absolute fuck am I supposed to be doing?
I legitimately have no idea.
Do dolphins like chicken?
Ugh. Okay.
Oh, nudge the glowing shell. Thank you. Thank you, actually.
I understand. Last.
Ah, shit, I fucked up.
Outta my way! I'm powered up!
I put this costume on just for you.
Stretch my flippers. Fill up my blowhole.
Oh, oh, Pastor Joe.
Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow.
Mom, stop praying in weird ways.
I don't understand how dolphins would help.
With your faith in God or whatever.
Oh, man.
Nudge it up more.
Maybe I can get through that little tiny hole there.
Nope.
I need to break those rocks with this thing. How does that make sense?
Oh, I died. I died again. Okay.
Well, maybe we can try a better nudge.
Outta my way, fools. I'm busy.
Dolphins are the angels of the ocean.
Are you sure about that?
This one seems like a killer to me.
Oh, shit, I nudged it too hard that time.
This is a disaster. Okay.
I just gotta be good. Just gotta get... No, I didn't get good. I got not good.
Okay, super nudge it.
It respawns back at the top. Okay.
Thank you.
I'm gonna drown again, though.
Frickin' dolphin's drowning. Ridiculous.
I forgot again.
Yeah, I will. I'll do that.
I'll do that, I swear.
Okay. It's not back.
It's not back at all. Okay, I guess I'll just drown.
Just kill me. Kill me. Whatever. Thank you.
Just died, Echo. Just die.
I've been thinking about trying that, yeah.
Okay.
So we've gotta nudge it, but not too hard.
Maybe if we start back here.
Shit. Where did it even go?
Fuck.
I made it vanish into space.
Oh, it's in the middle of the fricking what?
How did that happen?
Can you use your pirate powers to solve this for me, Frick?
Oh, I hate it. I hate this.
How come they made the worst game ever? Why did they do that to me?
Just kill me. Kill me again.
I must, I must at least do this.
Okay, I'm juiced up.
I don't care. I don't care about your, I don't care about your pain, Echo.
You work for me.
Okay, die.
I gotta clear out these bad guys.
Oh, you fucker. Alright.
Son of a bitch.
How the fuck do you do this?
Kill me. Kill me.
If I could have my wasted days back, would I use them to get back on track,
stop to warm at karma's burning, or look ahead, but keep on turning?
Just kill yourself, Echo. There we go. Okay.
Alright, I can't nudge it at full speed.
So nudge it off the edge, and then nudge it again.
Open the deck and a crippling addiction to Japanese tentacle videos.
Arg.
Okay, I didn't need to know that at all, Brooke, but no.
Thought I had it.
Oh, whatever. What the?
No, that was an option.
Alright, we learned a lesson.
We learned another painful lesson.
Breathe. Just breathe. Breathe, Echo.
Hey.
Can I even do that? Is that a thing you can do?
Can I just give people channel points?
That would be a thing I would do.
Um, by the way, I'm busy.
Okay, I'm powered up.
I'm radiating with the power of a thousand dolphins.
No! Don't kill me!
Do I have the strength to know how I'll go?
Can I find it inside to deal with what I shouldn't know?
Could I have my wasted days back?
Would I use them to get back on track?
Fuck!
Mom, are you, like, depressed or whatever?
Cause...
Just take, like...
Medication for that. Don't talk to me about it.
Just medicaid it. Um, thank you for...
Thank you, John and Michael, for the hun...
Keep on searching. This search goes on.
On and on. Keep searching.
They're back.
Keep on searching. This search goes on.
On and on.
I'm trying...
It's a dolphin here, okay?
You're distracting me.
Alright, do the thing we did before. Get it on your nose somehow.
How did I get it on my nose?
What did I do?
Get it on your nose!
It's just one of those days...
When you don't want to wake up...
Every echo sucks.
Every echo sucks.
What? How come it did it last time?
Oh my god.
Yeah, put it on your face or whatever.
Oh!
Brother might have what?
Yes?
I would like a juice box.
But I don't want the other part of what you said.
A wet costume?
You should just get a glistening costume that's dry.
Otherwise you're going to have to be in a wet costume all day.
It sounds like Pastor Joe doesn't really know fucking anything.
He's an idiot. Like no offense.
Shit! Okay.
No!
Get on my nose!
Fuck, I blew it again.
Okay. I am going...
To die.
Is there something I can do?
I can die.
Is there some button I don't know about?
Oh, I did it wrong.
Yeah, get on my face.
Sit on my face!
This is the worst thing.
Okay, yes. Oh, but I'm out of life.
I'm out of life. So what?
So who cares?
This game is supposed to be for kids. This is messed up.
It's sending bad messages.
Every fish is dangerous.
You can't swim without getting sucked into the sky.
This is... this needs to be banned.
I fundamentally don't understand the controls of this game
or how anything works.
Let me just say... let me make that clear.
I don't get it and I'm mad about it.
Oh no! I hate you.
Echo the dolphin. I actually hate you.
It gets harder?
Well, how would they just make it so that the controls make any sense?
Okay, at that time I could just do that?
Alright, just kill me again.
I just want to die.
Didn't they remake this? I think so.
I guess I should have played that one.
Okay, open.
Open up.
All of you die.
Oh, I hate you.
Mom, stop.
I don't like pop music.
So I just... I'm not a fan.
I don't need to hear it.
Stop. Stop. Okay. Okay.
Okay. There we go.
Oh my god, it happened again.
I...
I'm so mad that this game exists.
Why?
Okay, thank god.
Now we just rock it through here.
We kill everything.
I did it too slow.
And I was punished.
That sounds right.
It sounds accurate for my experiences.
Okay, let's just go this way first.
Oh, I hate you. I hate you so much.
Lost all my life to that one blowfish.
Fuck off.
All of... everything... fuck off.
Fuck off.
No!
I can't go up. Why?
This is the... this shit...
This shit is infuriating.
Okay.
Okay, we gotta go power up again.
Just swim out of here, you psychopath.
Okay, air. There we go.
Off you go.
Now get on my nose.
Sit on my face.
Faster.
There's no time.
Oh my god, I can't. I just can't.
I can't with this game.
Okay, yeah, let me eat some fish.
It doesn't matter because we're out of fucking air.
No, that's the air you crave.
Aw, sweet, sweet air.
Alright.
What? No, I got the thing!
Oh, yeah, I did. Okay, good.
Air. This is the most exhausted dolphin ever.
Can't hold his breath for a minute.
Oh shit, alright.
No telling what I'm supposed to do here.
But I was swimming so slowly.
Even slower. Okay.
Air please. Give me air.
You know what daddy wants.
There's no air?
Are they kidding?
Are they actually joking around?
There's no way to live.
We did our best.
We did our absolute best.
We beat the final boss of the game because we got by the octopus.
So I think it's important to focus on that.
When you would...
Focus on the victories you achieved.
Like crushing that octopus.
Miniboss.
I was so close to fucking
just jumping out of my window.
But I can't because the glass is there is actually not a window in here.
There's just no windows in our house actually.
Sigh.
You failed the dolphin gods.
Yeah, I'm fine.
I'm fine with that.
I don't even care that I did.
That's what I think of the dolphin gods mom.
They can get fucked.
Yeah, I'll say it. The dolphin gods can get fucked.
Alright, well that was impossible.
It's a miracle that I played it for as long as I did.
A lot of people say it's heroic and they're right.
Today I was a hero.
What will I be tomorrow?
Who knows?
I honestly don't know.
But I do know I'm sending him back to K so that he can then send it to somebody else.
To stream for him.
To someone else stream.
Because I'm fucking done after that game.
It's over.
Bye.
God.
I'm hearing a dolphin.
Branny, are you okey?
Are okey?
Are okey, Dranny?
Dranbon.
I love
eating things that are still alive.
You know, Brandon puts up with a lot actually.
He's not my favorite guy but he does put up with a lot.
Avaly's on.
Avaly is on.
Come what may guys?
We're raiding Avaly.
What a scream.
I don't even know she had a dinner.
Well guys, thanks for being back.
We'll be back on Friday and then we should be back on our regular per streaming schedule.
Temporarily until I go out of town again next week on Thursday.
But I'll be on Friday, Monday and Wednesday.
I do go out of town next week on Thursday.
If you're in Chicago on, I believe, October...
Whoops, I just closed everything.
I should know this but I don't.
If you happen to be in Chicago on October 4th,
my sketch group will be doing the sketch fest in Chicago.
So, if that somehow works out for anybody, I'll see you there.
If not, I'll see you Friday.
You might be there in Chicago.
Oh my god, Matt Liddell.
What a boon it would be to see you.
Alive and in person.
Say hi to Avaly for me.
Hope you're all having a lovely week.
We'll be back on Friday with a little bit more news.
Until then, stay safe.
Stay safe in the jaws of Avaly.
She's got jaws too.
Well, technically I also have jaws.
I've seen your face, Chase.
Those aren't jaws.
These are jaws.
Okay.
Alright, good night everybody.
Good night.
And I swing you sweetly to your sleep.