I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
I'm Scrumming and I'm Scrumming.
Oh, like Trump can I got the juice.
I'm fucking gonna let your dog loose.
You're just taking his lyrics.
Scrumming and I'm getting scared.
Well guess what? I'm gonna call my troops.
I'm on one like Neo, cocky like T.O.
Nobody can guard me.
I'm shooting like a fucking freak.
It's legal.
I'm on flow and legal.
And there's never even, there won't even be a sequel.
And I didn't see me flying like a pelican.
And while I'm here, I'm gonna get respect.
And I'm sick like medicine.
Medicine's not sick.
I'm sicker than anything.
And I'm a veterinarian.
Or a veteran.
And I'll make your whole elephant sick.
Please don't track the lyrics.
No violence.
No violence.
I'm Scrumming.
Nobody can Scrumming.
Oh, nothing can control me.
I don't think I can Scrumming.
I'm Scrumming.
I'm here to change the Scrum.
I'm here to be the Scrum.
I'm Scrumming.
I'm Scrumming.
But there's a bunch of Scrumming around.
I'm gonna Scrum that Scrum right up.
Because I'm Scrumming.
And I Scrum the...
Case Blackwell said is this thing,
I'm just checking in on where things are going.
I'm Scrumming.
Karate on your face.
But carefully, so I don't hurt you.
No violence.
I'm a man of peace.
I do peaceful karate,
which means it's mostly grapple.
And everybody's gonna give me trouble.
Well, I say it's trouble's my middle name.
And then trouble with having that as a middle name
is people think you are trouble.
I actually joke.
I'm Scrumming.
And I...
How long do I have to do this?
I don't know.
I hate music.
I don't want to do this.
I didn't choose this music.
I'm through it.
But if you want me to prove it,
music's for fucking losers.
And I don't need it.
I'm Scrumming.
Scrumming.
I own a lot of high-value pennies.
Some are really old.
And if you go to my website,
I can't tell you right now,
because it's a really long link.
But you can buy some.
He's living free.
You know he won't be tamed
with head-wide oprym
under the sun.
He's rocking
with head-wide oprym.
Oh, shit.
He's breaking the norm.
He's got blind head.
He's met Scott Steppenperson.
He said he's a good friend.
No tires, no home.
Just his guitar and soul.
Not the type to settle man.
You know he loves to roll.
By the sunlight.
He's rocking upside
with head-wide oprym.
There's no man's emotion.
It'd be for all the tradition.
Shit, man.
But I could get in with the...
You won't even want me in for this man.
Are you kidding me?
Nah, I'm okay with this.
I'm worried about me sleeping up all in this mattress though, man.
I was in pill-brain memory foam.
Nabs on.
Nabs on.
Silly, cuckoo, cuckoo, pillow on the bitch's sleep.
Cicady hit the window, Cicady hit the tweak.
It's no relax, except I never relax.
Still on the most relaxed.
No cell, bitch.
Yeah.
No cell.
Tonic low-lobotic, dutch, every nasty.
Not throwing the missions, but do not have you.
Climbing to bench, man, I don't stop.
Those dog web pillow hung on top.
No fucks all sleep in the mattress though.
No sleep allowed.
Bitch, I sleep more.
Sleeper.
Means I fucking do this, bitch.
Bubbin' over every time that I'm counting shit.
Bedtime story.
Yeah.
Tying up, then extra, got a lamp.
Ram the dog, as a big clone.
This is a lullaby.
Ten minutes a pain.
Three years of life.
Doctor, pen, president.
Ram the latin man.
Super Rex around.
Lamber Rex around.
Duh, high, fed, random, in the mechs of life.
Melaton, me, me.
All asleep in the mattress though.
No sleep allowed.
Bitch, I sleep more.
Sleep on.
Sleep.
One, let's-
What a strange noise.
The sounds of a redemption to start the stream.
Uh-oh, Kendall's here.
Clipping through reality.
Guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys, guys with penises.
Guys, guys, guys, penises.
Would you let your girlfriend hold your penis while you pee?
It's just one time.
Have you done it before? Would you love them?
TikTok has had caused a lot of problems,
but the biggest one is the trends that it decides
are worth pushing to Kendall.
That can get dangerous.
It can get messy, I guess.
I guess it'd be dangerous if they grabbed it and just yanked.
You have to yank the piss out, right?
Ugh.
That'd be dangerous.
Whatever she wants, if she really wants to, I guess.
Yes.
There's a couple noses in there.
What idea just got sent in?
What?
Nah, says Cardcair.
Ugh.
Span from my stream.
I just say, no, every time.
It has been asked on many occasions.
You don't ever wonder what it's like for a girl to do a thing.
Yeah, let me hold your vagina while you pee.
No, I mean, something like that.
So, when you...
The gold question, what are you going to do when you gender event?
You know, like, the universe is like,
now you're the other gender.
I'm going to literally pee.
That's the first thing I'm going to do is pee.
I just assume it's like having a really wet diarrhea.
So I don't need to know.
I've already done the mental math.
You need training to hold a penis.
It takes years of practice.
Yeah, you're bad at it when you start.
You're peeing all over the little training seat.
How do we know that?
My woman friend taught herself to pee standing up in college
because she was bored when high.
And then insomnia.
And that was the first choice of things to do.
That's fair.
It's a practical skill, I guess.
There is a female pee funnel.
I'm sure it's not...
Oh, I could hold the pee funnel.
Tuck it and pee backwards.
Yeah, that's about the same, right?
Yeah, that's like a girl peeing, right?
Can you do that?
Yeah.
Can you guys pee sitting down?
Yeah.
Do you have to hold it down?
It's probably advisable depending on where your penis is pointing.
Or, you know, it's like a hose that will start going up.
You know, hold it in place.
You can't hold much.
You can't.
That's just to know.
Other people saying yes isn't going to make me want you to do it.
Transmit after bottom surgery, only people who would know.
Oh yeah, I guess that makes sense.
I'm a jealous of trans...
Because of peeing?
Who have gotten bottom surgery.
They all know.
What do you think is that different about it?
I hold nothing when I pee.
Nothing.
Yeah, so that's the only difference.
Yes!
It's not that exciting.
I don't know.
It's just like it's in me.
It's not.
But yours has to go through a little puddle.
I guess for people like me that don't want their girlfriend to hold their penis while they pee,
they should make like a little practice penis
that you can just squirt water through and then you'll know the feeling.
That's just like holding a water bottle here.
Yeah, it is like holding a water bottle there.
Water bottle.
Sometimes I hold my boobs while they pee for fun.
See?
Oh, I get that.
That makes sense.
Sometimes I do this when I pee.
I feel like Superman.
Really?
No.
But that'd be fun.
There are kids I remember from elementary school.
Sometimes you'd go into the bathroom.
There'd be a kid who was holding his shirt up like this and peeing.
Butters style basically is a real thing
that I saw various little boys do in elementary school for some reason.
I'd get a lot of people on his shirt.
Yeah, I'm assuming a parent at some point was like,
putting something on the bottom of your shirt,
holding it up like above your nipples.
Shirt up and pants all the way down, yeah.
Pants on the ground, shirt like up to the chin.
That's how you know you got a special boy.
They're following the rules.
This is the news we need.
Yeah, the actual news today is probably a little less fun
than talking about piss.
You want a kid that can follow instructions really well
or do you want one that pisses up?
I want a radical free thinker personally.
I want to see how they pee.
Let them do it their own way.
A bin box for Kendall?
No, thank you. I don't know what that is.
I don't either.
I guess it'd be your own thread maybe.
A Kendall thread?
Oh, no, I don't want that. No, thank you.
Check bin box.
The comment box.
Aha.
Oh.
Oh.
Let's show this off for the people.
I can show this. This is fine, right?
Well, I don't know.
I'll show this picture.
I think you can because this is just a funnel.
Yeah, right?
It's a penis shaped funnel.
Yeah, this just made it look like a penis.
Of course.
All of my sisters here.
Hello, Christine.
Look at this.
Wow.
See? You can do it.
You don't need me for this, Kendall.
You're out in the forest.
It's almost your birthday, so...
It's coming right up.
You want a can as a gift?
No, I'll get you this as a gift.
No, wow.
You don't want this?
I got excited.
Oh.
No, you know what I want.
It's so unpleasant.
Is it?
Yeah.
Why?
I don't know.
It's like...
It gives me the ick.
Does this make you drink a lot of water?
How does that help if I just pee a lot?
For the smell?
No, it's for the whole process.
It's just fucking...
I don't know.
I don't like to combine like bathroom time with other people.
Let her guide your piss.
Get her designer bag.
Apparently she'd rather hold my penis while I pee.
Got anything else?
My sister won't understand that, okay?
Do it in a pool?
No!
That's even what...
Wait, like...
Like, we're on the edge of the pool, like on the concrete,
and we're doing it in a pool, or are you staying above in the pool?
Actually, do that, that's hilarious.
I don't understand the world anymore.
I'm too old.
That's what happens when you get close to 40.
You don't get things anymore.
She does get it.
Why, we had the ocean?
Why would it be...
Why is it better if we're just in my piss after?
I don't want to be in the piss, guys.
I don't want that.
We got it.
I guess that doesn't get everywhere, is what they're saying.
How do you take her someplace up in the mountain where there's snow?
And then let her...
That would be more fun.
And just write our name.
Yeah, if we go skiing, I'll let you do it.
But we don't.
Exactly.
So?
Tiff, pack your bags, we're going on a ski trip!
Eugh.
It doesn't feel like bathroom pool.
I don't know, is the showers the same thing as being in the pool and in the ocean?
I'm just not a piss guy.
I'm not a piss girl.
Well then, why is this so important to you?
Because I'll never know.
Hmm.
Body swapping would be preferable to me.
Wait.
Then what?
During the bath?
No, we haven't.
Oh, great, perfect.
I want to...
Guess we have.
Why are you trying to convince me that we have?
Wait, wait, no, I'm getting big memories right now.
You are constructing a memory like people do under hypnosis.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, I'm getting big memories right now.
I guarantee you I would remember and dislike...
I would be hitting dislike on the memory.
You never held my key!
Are you sure?
Yes!
I didn't pay to get back to getting big memories that we have.
Oh my god.
You know what, yes, we did, we did, so it don't need to.
But you don't remember, so we got to do it again.
Yeah, no, it's for you though.
I actively don't want to do it, so...
I joined on piss talking, I see, sorry, it wasn't my choice.
Yeah, I know, I like to take over.
Bye, I know he's mad at me now, bye.
I'm not mad at you, you can hang out, I just don't want you to hold my penis while I pee.
That's my only stance here.
That's the only thing this show is about, is her not holding my penis while I pee.
Yeah, the news isn't...
This is kind of preferable to the news I'm likely to cover today.
So maybe I should try to get her back to talk about Pissmore.
Divorce me.
That'll be a more protracted process because we have to get married first.
Kendall's gonna have to leave now.
She already did, she just walked away.
I lost the argument somehow.
Just ask my wife if she ever held my penis while I peed.
I said no.
She said she did in the shower, I don't remember that.
Maybe that's why I'm so against it, is it affects my memory.
Maybe every time that happens, we sliders.
That's my new theory.
If you let your girlfriend hold your penis while you pee, you sliders.
The show that, you know, like the show.
So be careful and then you forget the other reality you were in.
Yeah, I'm more of a piss talker than a piss liver.
I don't live that piss lifestyle the way, you know, the real piss heads do.
I'm a piss head.
What does that mean?
Hold on to my piss.
That is true.
Dogs are kind of the number one piss guy.
That's a gross way to think about it.
Not if you're a dog.
If you're a dog, it's the only way to think about it.
Think about that.
Papito, I'm almost, I'm well, maybe I shouldn't say I'm almost some, but I've,
I've put more work than necessary into your talk show.
As you should.
So it should be ready in the next week or two.
Who do you want to be your first guest?
Beans.
You have to talk to them.
I'll talk to beans.
Talk to them with my teeth.
How about a person?
Piss?
Piss isn't a person.
That's why we don't get each other, man.
That's much in chrome about the piss holding.
We do actually have a request for a debate already.
We also apparently have to talk to Rob Elvie.
Truly a brutal request.
Soft or hard pretzels from John Michael is the debate.
That's a pleasant non piss related debate.
That's lovely.
What a day.
Debate about piss.
We have a debate segment on here, Christine, where the, but chat gets to request what the debate is and they didn't request piss.
So even though we have done plenty of piss debates.
Today's not the day.
You got to save up for those.
Yeah.
There's a lot of confusing things that happen here to be fair.
Okay.
Good to see everybody.
Christine's in chat live in sleazy propaganda.
Cycor, Ray Silva, John Michael, card king.
Mr. Smith, deadless.
Gunshade, Joey headset.
So many classics.
And I only scrolled up a little bit.
We got some comments.
Chrome wants to apologize about the debate.
That makes sense.
He should want to.
That's me.
I'm going to upload a new YouTube for case black wall tracks.
I'll upload them somewhere.
I feel weird because I haven't kept track at all of whose beats I'm borrowing.
So I feel odd posting them anywhere where they could possibly be conscured is trying to be monetized.
But they're not.
They ever will be unless we make our own beat or something.
And even then I don't know why it would bother.
So I guess I could post them somewhere.
I can post them on Spotify but just not try to get paid for track plays.
That seems like it should be a thing I'm assuming.
The question is very small.
Does Chrome, I can't even read that.
Does Chrome let Belulia hold it while you piss or something even more fucked up?
If you guys could read that congrats.
It's very small on there.
Does Chrome let Belulia hold it while you piss or something even more fucked up every time?
And as usual the options were genital slit, September or two of them.
Those were popular ones.
Always.
And Chrome lets her hold it while she shits.
This is the type of start I deserve for this stream.
And I've accepted that.
Absolutely.
And there's nothing wrong with any of those options.
All of those options are good.
Good job.
Of course number five.
Number five.
And that's actually the name of the acts.
If you say I have to go with number five.
That's what it means.
Never say to go number five then to your girlfriend.
Unless you guys are into that.
It's totally normal.
It's really not.
Sounding very judgmental.
And to scat Friday?
That's even worse than foot Friday.
How does the, how do the Friday titles keep getting worse?
What is hate socks music gonna be like?
Oh yeah, what's the song we got today?
Today's a song day.
Operatic Country Line Dancing by San Antonio Domingo.
Operatic is a tricky one there.
We'll just say it's epic.
And country.
And line dancing.
We're gonna have to do a little bit of research as to what this genre sounds like.
So we might need a little bit of help.
We have a loaded docket already.
We gotta go muck the web.
We gotta do muck and crumb.
We've gotta talk to f-fucking Rob Elfie.
And we gotta make music.
You're gonna have to be a fat lady and sing.
It's not impossible.
More piss?
We've had so much piss already.
It's been a very piss heavy stream.
And it's only been on for about 20 minutes.
A bin song playlist on YouTube or SoundCloud would be dope.
Yeah, SoundCloud is totally fair game.
I guess I'll do SoundCloud.
I'll throw it in the um, discord.
And then anybody who really needs a hit, needs to hear a hit.
Cause we've made some.
They'll be in there.
No more piss?
I am fine with that.
I am being held hostage by all of the piss in the world.
Speaking of world piss, we start this stream every time with news, regardless of the news cycle.
So for better or worse, it's news time.
Let them take it from you.
Oh, apparently they want the hate sock.
Well, that's kind of the state of the world, isn't it?
Everybody's busy being a hater and jumping to big time conclusions.
And I'm not afraid to talk about it, so don't worry, Rick's here.
To see us through these perilous times.
When I've got all the well-reasoned arguments you need to make sense of this heady mix of disasters.
At least you're on the same page that it's disasters.
Perpetrated by America's greatest enemies.
You mean ourselves?
Look, sometimes yes, you can be your worst enemy, but in this case I mean everyone else is at fault.
That is usually how you feel about it.
Yeah, aren't you supposed to be camping at an ICE detention center?
I don't work for ICE.
I work for the propaganda division of the CIA.
I've been very upfront about that.
It's part of our propaganda tactics.
Is say you're doing it, everybody gets confused and they don't know what to believe.
And even me saying that is part of our tactics.
On sub, because Piss Friday doesn't even do something.
Piss Friday doesn't even roll off the tongue.
It doesn't.
And yet...
I'm not here to talk about Piss Friday.
There's huge momentous international world affecting news.
To be fair that is true almost every day.
And we still find time to talk about Piss here with surprising regularity.
Getting harder and harder to spread misinformation because there's just too much.
I can't even...
There's just too much out there.
That's... isn't that kind of your fault?
I know, but sometimes you make a big mess and you're like...
I don't even want to pay someone to clean this up.
What?
You wouldn't understand.
You're right. I don't understand what you're saying, right?
The strikes are not new apparently.
The strikes on Israel?
I mean they're...
Just happening and the strikes on Iran are 24 hours old.
So it seems kind of new.
What if she holds it while you pee?
But she holds it with like one of those cool dinosaur grabber claw toy things.
I am more into that because of how unnecessary it is.
And I do think it would take away the one thing Kendall's looking for here.
Which I'm assuming is the tactile sensation of a penis peeing is what she's curious about.
This is so...
Even for me, this is kind of gross.
It's not... it's just anatomy.
Actually, you're being childish by thinking it's gross.
It's just human anatomy.
At this age, case 57 or whatever you are, not quite.
You should really be comfortable enough with your body to let anyone hold your penis while you pee.
Anyone?
Yeah, whoever.
Should she be able to feel the peeing?
I'm assuming you would.
Be careful with my frenulum?
Of course.
You would be able to feel it.
I'm confident.
Unless you have an incredibly weak stream.
Which...
You know.
Yes, I didn't even mean to.
Yeah, great job, Rick.
You're on that incredibly weak stream.
I know, but I'm making it stronger every day.
With my thought leadership.
I'm doing some thought leadership here.
A-doot-doot-doot.
All right.
Let's see if anything catastrophic has happened in the last few minutes.
It's my favorite time of the year when a war is probably already started.
Rick, that is your- that's the worst song we've ever done.
Oh, was I saying that out loud?
Yeah.
My bad.
Okay.
Let's do...
Just take this like a spoonful of the opposite of sugar.
But the medicine still has to go down.
Whoa.
That's the wrong one.
Swapping.
Courtesy of the AP.
Moving boxes around.
Engage reading powers.
Rick, activate.
Live updates.
Iran hits Israel with a second wave of missiles.
What a horrific, unchecked act of aggression.
And this is why we have to have their back.
They-
They missile them first.
Yesterday.
But no one approved them to do this.
They're their own country.
They've been bombed by different country.
No one could have seen this coming that they would actually retaliate.
But everyone immediately knew this would happen.
This is...
Even for them.
This is too far.
I thought Trump said he was the peace guy.
Well, past tense there.
The world changes rapidly.
And sometimes you've got to become the opposite of peace guy.
And that's why our president is so fluid.
I've always said our president is fluid.
I don't think that's his preferred branding.
Okay, but what if in return for letting her hold you while you pee
with a dinosaur grabby claw toy,
you get to hold her pee funnel with it afterwards?
Case?
Rick, do you really want to talk about this while we're talking about
a potential global conflagration of mass death?
Chat asked. You're being rude.
I don't want to hold a pee funnel.
I don't want any part of this.
You're being a bad partner.
Oh, what?
Rick, what do you even know about being a partner?
I have six families.
What?
I mean I have a six ch...
I have a lot of romantic experience.
How many families do you have?
Well, look, you have to have a couple families in the CIA just to...
You know, you get a lot of passports.
You marry all over the planet.
America.
No, you don't hold it.
You hold the dinosaur grabby claw toy,
and that holds the pee funnel.
Now I'm getting toys essentially involved.
I will literally own piss toys at this point.
This isn't the life I want to live, guys.
You're being...
This is going to end your relationship.
No.
No, it shouldn't.
It's too late.
What do you even know about it?
This is how I lost family seven and eight.
This exact reason.
I'm being a prude?
It's just...
Look, I mean I guess I could try to really dig in as to why I'm uncomfortable with this, but...
Aren't you allowed to have preferences?
My preference is just nobody holds my penis while I pee.
Is this a kink?
Sometimes.
But sometimes it's just about sharing experiences.
Rick is a prude.
This is a life Kendall wants to live, and you should respect it.
Thank you, exterminator.
It's happening right now?
Does she mean the bombing or the peeing?
Well, I'm not peeing right now.
Can you confirm that?
Yes.
Can Rick hold it?
I'd be curious to test the ferocity of your stream.
Do you have a ferocious stream?
And again, I don't mean this one.
I'm talking about your piss.
This is such an inappropriate conversation to have, Rick,
while we're trying to talk about bombings.
God, you're just really trying to find any way out of this, aren't you?
No, it's not.
No.
Damn.
What is happening?
What is happening to this chat?
What's going on here?
I wish I had an HR.
I thought you did.
I thought your HR was a toilet.
Oh, yeah.
I'm filing a complaint with toilet.
Oh, man, but toilets wear IP.
Why did I make my HR a toilet?
Well, they were, they did have a really good interview.
And I shouldn't not use a toilet as my HR
if they're the best toilet for the job, I guess.
But I don't even know if they're around today.
I don't even know if toilet is available to talk to.
Hmm.
Hmm, toilets looking a little odd.
What the fuck?
You rain?
I don't think that's what I said.
Yeah, you're a fart.
Hey, I'd like to file an HR complaint.
Everyone on my staff is getting involved in my business.
About what?
Also, are you leaking?
I'm going to have to file a complaint with myself if you keep talking like this.
Sorry, didn't mean to bring that up.
There's just a lot of water getting on the floor.
Wow.
Wow.
Um, my staff is talking about my penis in your nation,
and I think it's inappropriate.
In what context?
Well, my girlfriend wants to hold my penis while I pee,
and I'd prefer that she doesn't.
And it's your girlfriend who brought this up?
Yes.
And she's at the office, why?
She stops by.
When?
Whenever she wants.
That sounds pretty inappropriate.
And then she brings up urination and sexual matters.
Well, I'm not responsible for what my girlfriend has done.
Did you invite her?
Yeah, she has a permanent pass to the building.
That you gave her?
Okay, yes.
All right.
You've been, you've received an official demerit.
I have?
Yes, you're being inappropriate.
And also you should respect your girlfriend's wishes.
That's unrelated.
That's just me saying that as a friend.
We barely hang out.
And now you've received a negative two friendship demerit.
How did demerits work?
Read your manual.
You got a lot of complaints about you.
About me?
Yep, only you.
That's why I'm being aggressive.
Because this is your last chance.
But it's my stream.
That's another demerit.
What?
Listen, you hired me to take care of this place.
And that's what I intend to do.
You are currently flooding the floor.
That's another demerit.
Oh.
Okay, I'm sorry.
May I have you?
Now talk about World War III.
Okay.
HR protects the company.
The company is Kendall.
Oh, I did put a lot of the company in her name.
You really got to get your stuff under control.
You and me?
You need to use the bathroom now?
Carious, Mom.
You're giving everybody sympathetic bladder issues.
This has been such a piss heavy stream.
It never was meant to be this way.
Rick, want to check the bin channel?
There's a counterpoint to the situation in a screenshot.
Okay, let's see.
Okay, Rick.
I mean, this doesn't say anything.
Totally untoward, right?
It doesn't look like it.
It looks like it's an actual update.
Okay, Iran attacked Israel before.
This is just like the strikes on October 2024.
The main difference is Iran responded faster with only one day delay instead of a long wait.
The reason is that Israel, after its first strike, told Iran that it would keep attacking it
and did another strike the next day.
Iran would likely have waited longer to respond if it was a single attack,
but with the prospect of an ongoing campaign and with Israel destroying its ballistic missiles,
also as part of the attack, it is not surprising that it would feel it needs to do something
to try to get Israel to rethink its approach, even if futile.
Iran will not want to encourage tit for tat,
but when it knows Israel is going to keep attacking, no matter what,
it's not surprising to do a short ballistic missile response in the middle of it all.
I'm sorry for reading that anti-submitted statement.
I'm sorry, everyone.
How was that?
We are not showing appropriate support for Israel on this,
and that should be a demerit, too.
I'm following a complaint with HR.
Over you reading that statement?
All of you are getting a demerit.
You are not HR. The toilet's HR.
Think about what you just said.
But it makes sense in context. Does it?
Well, neither... What you said doesn't make sense in context.
Why would that be anti-Semitic?
I don't make the rules. I just follow the dictates of the administration.
And you're all doing a bad.
We gotta support our allies here.
What are we gonna be, fake friends?
Just cause your friend is out at a bar,
and they keep taking swings at everyone.
Just knocking the heads off of random people at the bar.
Entire families, it's a family bar.
And then kind of destroying the bar.
And then destroying all the bars next door.
And then threatening to destroy every bar in an entire city.
And then really just destroying the entire city.
What, you're gonna be a fake friend and not have their back?
Yeah, I think at that point, I might need a new friend.
Fake friend, case black will.
We got some comments to get through, Rick.
I don't know why I expected anything else from you.
Would you let her do it for peace?
Yes. Okay. Yes.
If I could somehow mitigate a world conflict by her holding my penis.
I'm willing to do that.
How much froth is in your stream?
Is it smooth or okay?
Okay.
Is it only going to happen once?
I mean, it's just once.
There's no guarantee it's just once.
Once you open the door on this thing.
Man, that skibbity toilet is about to fire you from your own job.
Yeah, I gotta stop giving my employees unchecked power over me.
Didn't we support them by giving them the bomb?
See, this is the schizophrenia that the stream creates, Rick.
And I'm blaming you.
What? No one is blaming the right person.
Oh, so you admit you're blaming the wrong person.
I mean, no.
No one except me is what I meant to say.
Yes, we did support Israel by giving them bombs.
And it's extremely likely that Trump was completely aware in the administration
that they were planning on bombing Iran.
We pulled out our troops like a week or two before this happened.
We like took a bunch of troops out of the Middle East in preparation for a conflict,
which would suggest they knew it was going to happen.
The reporting seems to suggest that Trump thinks by bomb by letting Israel bomb Iran,
he would have a stronger negotiation position in a new nuclear deal.
And not to be Mr. No at all, but to summarize events,
Trump tore up Obama's nuclear deal with Iran for no fucking reason.
He was trying to negotiate a new one, even though we literally already had one.
And then in the middle of that peace process, he let our fucking proxy state
bomb their capital and most of their top military leadership.
It's completely fucking insane.
God, the amount of anti-Semitism happening right now, I can't even keep up.
Ugh.
And I'm not letting my girlfriend hold my penis while I pee.
You are on a crazy power trip right now and you need to settle down.
How is this a power trip? Everything is terrible.
Rick, your fired band loop-de-loop twisty.
We even robbs not on your side, Rick.
Well, I don't need Rob on my side.
I could make a new Rob.
We've got all sorts of cloning programs.
Do you really? I'll never tell.
Ugh.
Didn't Vince McMahon also get fired for arguing with his-
I don't think that was the reason, no.
They just killed all the people we would be negotiating with.
Yes.
Yes. To get back to the actual news.
You are doing a great job being confusing, actually.
I'm back on your side.
Keep this up.
If we could get all the coverage of this to sort of be an
incomprehensible argument between the facts of the situation and piss,
I think we could really unlock a new layer of misinformation.
That's why I'm participating in all of this.
I think you're onto something with this whole nonsensical dribble thing.
I think that could be the future.
That's one of the worst things I've ever heard about.
Lucy, she said her ring kicked out the un-nuclear watchdogs when
they reached Mama Jamma levels of Iranian enrichment.
Rika Dakar, how are you?
See, we could have the Democrats back in power.
Unfortunately, I suspect they would be doing the exact same thing.
Speaking of that, if I can find it, what's her name?
Kamala Harris, international advisor.
I can't find it.
I saw it on Twitter.
Unfortunately, I can't find the source.
Kamala Harris' foreign policy advisor released a statement
within a couple hours of Israel.
Who would have been a foreign policy advisor?
Released a statement within a couple hours of Israel bombing Iran
being so terrible what Iran is doing.
So sad that the president isn't showing more support for Israel.
That was Kamala Harris' security advisor.
Part of the reason this situation seems so currently particularly hopeless
is both sides of the aisle are completely aligned seemingly
around doing whatever the fuck Israel decides.
Well, using Israel as a proxy state to so kind of unlimited terror
in the Middle East seems to be something that both the state of Israel
and the United States are completely aligned around.
So basically we're living on a Death Star country
and we're the baddies essentially is what I'm saying.
The Michelin web scene, we're the baddies.
Both anti-Semitic and anti-American.
But maybe there's some piss comments to really distract us.
Met in the Yahoo.
That's not bad. I like Yahoo. I still have a Yahoo email address.
Really?
Yeah, the whole CIA does.
It's the most sticky because nobody expects you to have a Yahoo email address.
News World War 3 now to be fought with piss filled water balloons.
That's the kind of thing I like to see on my news screen.
Why?
Because it's more fun.
I think Kamala's advisor was the guy who did the Iran deal with Obama.
I think I might be thinking of, I'm not sure if it was her foreign policy,
it was like her foreign policy advisor on the campaign.
I should look this up.
In case I'm spreading misinformation, which is not my goal actually, Rick,
despite my general lack of tangible knowledge on a number of subjects.
Let's see, advisor.
Oh, Philip Gordon. It was Philip Gordon.
The person I saw was, maybe it was misled by a retweet.
But it was someone around her foreign policy advising.
I could have sworn it was a lady that was getting quoted though.
Anyway, I should really find the tweet if I'm going to talk about it.
Can it be a proxy state if they don't listen to us?
Well, my argument would be they are listening to us.
I think from my understanding of the situation,
it seems like the Trump administration essentially signed off on the attack.
Ahead of time.
Because Trump was convinced that this would give him a stronger negotiation position
in the deal that we were supposed to be striking with Iran,
which is fucking crazy.
So you could argue Israel's desires aren't aligned with us
because they probably understood themselves that bombing Iran
would lead to like an intractable situation where we inevitably will almost certainly
end up involved in this conflict in some capacity,
which could be quite awful, which they want.
I think the main thing Israel wants is the U.S. to be deeply involved in this conflict,
which we already are, but they want us to officially be,
and then continue to fund all of their warm-mongering efforts,
which are also our warm-mongering efforts.
Both parties not showing any ball of shocking.
Yeah.
Yes.
At least we're one step closer to rapture.
Is this a big win for apocalyptic evangelicals in Evangelysis?
Their stock is way up.
That is true.
And I'm not like a religion expert,
although I am a big fan of some of the work it does on people's brains.
But yeah,
consider getting in on that because they're going to be having some fun
over the next five to a hundred years.
Or a couple weeks, actually.
This could go pretty fast.
Breaking news.
Just another Middle East war.
I don't think it's just another one.
I think it could be much worse than that.
Would you let a dinosaur hold your girlfriend's penis while I pee?
Yeah, if you can find me a dinosaur and make that situation happen.
I can't, you know, if that can really happen, I need to see how, basically.
Would you let her hold it if she were a war?
I will let her do it as a human.
I guess that's the problem is that I'm not letting her do it as a human.
You're finally getting it.
What am I even getting?
Everyone is against me today.
Yep.
It's all about you, Case, isn't it?
No!
Piss cake now 2.99 thanks to tariffs.
I could imagine piss cake prices going way up.
Trump foreign policy, put no end to BB.
What if Kendall was in a dinosaur costume?
That does make the whole image sillier, which does put me more on board.
Alright, maybe this is, maybe negotiation is the name of the game here.
And even though it seems impossible that I would let my girlfriend hold my penis while I pee,
maybe I could be convinced and maybe the same is true for the peace process.
That's a pretty big stretch.
I don't think those two situations are applicable to each other, Case.
Sorry to burst your bubble there.
I just mean, you know, anything is possible with strong enough negotiations, right?
No.
Oh man.
There are many protests tomorrow if you want to go.
I'm sure there is one near you.
I will be going to the No Kings protest with Kendall.
There's a bunch in LA.
I think the biggest one will probably be downtown, but there's a bunch in other parts of LA as well.
I do have, I don't want to go downtown very badly.
But then I'm like, should I go to what will probably be the biggest one?
I don't know.
We'll definitely go to a protest tomorrow though, but I don't think I'll be streaming it.
So I'll report back on my experience on Monday.
If we don't go downtown, I suspect it'll be a more mild protest.
Maybe. You never know.
There's so many different things to protest right now.
Uh, things feel a little out of control in my opinion that I could imagine the protest being pretty big, but we'll see.
It also could rain the parade out in DC, which might mitigate some of people's desire to protest, although I don't know why that would be.
Because you know, if there's not a giant military display, then why have a giant civic display?
Russ Walters is a great bailpondspin.
Yeah, I'd be curious.
I mean, maybe they'll start doing mass arrests of just anyone protesting.
That is what Trump threatened to do, although I think that's more likely to happen in DC than Los Angeles.
Although the two locus of pushback against protests on Saturday I think will be DC and Los Angeles.
As this seems to be the place Trump is trying to draw a battle line against civic rights, your civic right to protest.
Record it if you can.
If it seems like it would be helpful to like record it for posterity, then I might stream it just to kind of have more witnesses to whatever's going on.
But I think unless we're like at the very front lines of the protest downtown and we stay till really late, I think it's unlikely to pop off into like tear gas style, you know, baton police violence.
But don't hold me to that one because it definitely could get there quickly.
Who knows?
Florida is just outright telling people they'll kill protesters.
Is that was that like a statement from an official in Florida?
Because unfortunately that does sound pretty believable.
ICE will be at the FIFA club World Cup opener tomorrow here.
Hopefully they are too busy with that to deal with protests.
At some point I feel like also, well the cops in any given American city can bash the heads in of protesters all by themselves, unfortunately.
So I don't really think you need the National Guard.
I wonder though, depending on how many protests there are, if like police might be spread a little thin, it just depends on the size of the protests.
But honestly, the protests in LA again haven't been as big as the media has made them seem, which isn't me saying that's a good thing.
I'd like to see big protests over all of this insanity.
But they haven't been as widespread and certainly in the last couple of days in LA they've been very mild as there's at least when I checked in yesterday they were pretty mild,
given that there's also a curfew.
So cops don't need much motivation for tear gas. That is very true.
Just let the cops hold my penis.
Come on, you're not going to let a cop do it?
What if I told you you don't have a choice?
Well that sounds awful, Rick.
And now you know how the cops feel about having to deal with protesters.
It's like all the protesters are asking to hold the cops penises.
I don't think it's like that at all, Rick.
I'm just throwing out options for comparisons.
We'll throw out better ones.
Have Kendall dress up as a cop. You dress as a dinosaur.
Alright, this has become a very cop and dinosaur-focused.
Pray for thunderstorms in DC. I do think it's very funny if they drop 50 million or 25 million dollars or whatever on a...
You know, they're like...
Soviet block-style military show of force and it just gets rained out.
Which seems very possible.
Loopy Loot twisty-wee, I thought I banned you, Rick, stop being obnoxious.
I don't respect the authority of Rob Elvig.
Well, we finally agree on something, Rick.
Oh, we do, darn it.
There's a lot of role-play ideas. There really are.
Jet is popping off today.
The boards have been lit up by the debate of the century.
Hold penis or don't hold penis.
And yet you're debating cookies or something in the next segment.
Um...
You know, obviously I am not...
I should not be your source of news on the ongoing strikes in the Middle East towards Iran
because the response to Israel is how I would phrase it.
If you want to dig into the story or are curious about it, I think Ryan Grimm is like a good source of information.
For a lot of this, what's his new news organization called?
I always forget because I associated all with him for some reason.
But he's drop-site news. I'm a fan of them.
Good ol' democracy now. Always a fan of democracy now if you just want a YouTube download of some information in the morning.
Obviously my taste tends to lean a bit to the left, but I do think in this situation the more clear-eyed analyzers of this situation happen to be a bit more leftist.
Case confused, ice by dressing up as a dinosaur and wearing a sombrero.
Wikipedia current events daily news portal.
Or yes, Wikipedia. Just go to Wikipedia and then you can fill it in and then you get to decide what the news is.
Uh...
Robert Walker's debunking doomsday is also good.
Also, Wikipedia current events daily news portal.
I don't know if that's a real thing that could be a useful source of news.
Robert Walker's debunking doomsday is also good for sourcing information.
That's okay, gunshade. You're the one who keeps sharing Robert Walker.
I'm unfamiliar with Robert Walker. That's a real thing.
Okay, I haven't used it, but I certainly have used Wikipedia for lots of things, so...
...Bin is the only source for Iran conflicts and penile holding strategies.
I do think that might be true propaganda.
I probably am the only one covering these two subjects at the same time, at least.
Lindsey Graham is the happiest he has ever been, and I would say that is the biggest indictment of siding with the United States or Israel in this situation.
Do you really want to be on the side of anything that makes Lindsey Graham happy?
To be fair, he would, I think, let his partner hold his penis.
So are we on his side now?
Don't tell people you're JD Vance, but let them think you are.
Yeah, I'm actually JD Vance, and I'm against everything the Trump administration is doing.
Case, stop it. You look too much like him to be saying that.
I don't look that much like him, but I am him, and I think that there needs to be peace now.
Stop it.
If anyone sees this, I am JD Vance.
I'm being held hostage by the Trump administration.
I should be president like Elon said before he took it back, and we need to stop this conflict now.
Yeah, don't clip that.
Besides, he would never wear your silly coat.
I think he'd wear more than my silly coat, based on some of the classic JD photos I've seen.
Loopy Loop twisty, we stop being obnoxious and rude. I agree with Case.
Well, look, you've got Rob Aleve agreeing with you, so...
Any other updates?
Live?
There's a live feed of just Tel Aviv on the AP?
Yeah.
Of course. And no feed of anything else.
See, the AP is siding with the side that's under threat here.
Israel. That's why we need to see exactly what's going on.
I mean, I'm not against keeping up with the bombings of any city.
I think we should be aware of when cities are bombed,
but it's interesting that they don't have a video of a live feed of the Iranian skyline.
Well, because the country's too big, Case. He can't get the whole skyline in one shot.
We can't get all of Israel in one shot either.
Don't give us any ideas.
Pick?
JD Vance lets the coach hold his penis while he pisses.
That sounds right. Yeah, that's true. I'm JD Vance and that's true.
Case, stop it!
JD is a drag queen and a bad one. I do think he's not the best.
I don't love his makeup style.
Would you let her hold your hamburger while you take a bite?
Absolutely. That's fine.
I probably have done that.
JD Vance lets Trump hold his penis while he pisses.
That's sounding kind of sweet, I guess.
And Rob still confirms your ban. I'm aware.
Okay, um...
Do you want to read whatever late and breaking updates there are?
Let's see if we can find the most up-to-date source here.
Okay, what's the AP got for us today?
Let's see...
Iranian media reports a fire at Tehran's airport.
Iran's semi-official Tasnim news agency is reporting a fire at Tehran's Mahrabad International Airport,
posting a video on X, formerly Twitter.
Yes, just say Twitter. Can we just say Twitter and leave out the X part?
Oh, should be the opposite, right?
Posting a video on X of a column of smoke and an orange flame rising from what the outlet said was the airport.
And there's a handful of light injuries reported from a second wave of Iranian missiles.
So sad the light injuries that have occurred.
Purely out of spite from this rogue nation.
Who's the rogue nation in that sentence, Rick?
If you have to ask, then you're part of the problem.
I'd actually agree with that.
So we agree?
Yeah, as long as we keep the subject kind of vague there, I guess we can both agree, Rick.
We reached an agreement.
Wait, I don't want that, actually.
Too late. We've covered this in piss enough. I think we have to move on. There's too much to do today.
Well, look, again, don't look up anything about this.
We did all the best job covering it, and you don't need any more information.
Again, I would encourage you to check other sources for updates on this.
I do think this is a particularly consequential world event.
Although I'd love to be wrong. I'd love if this could somehow not result in massive escalation.
Very quickly. And if there isn't, I think it will be because incredibly cooler heads probably prevailed in other countries and not us.
But we'll see. We're going to try to heat up everyone's head as much as we possibly can.
And I'll cool you down with just a nice slow drip of Rick voice.
Everything will be fine. We've got it under control.
I can't, sorry.
Wow, some things are actually hard to say.
Okay, we'll see you all soon. It's time for debate or something.
Case might be freaking out.
The world might be freaking out.
Some of us are too blessed to be stressed, and some of us are too cursed to not be the worst.
Here's Crumb.
That was actually kind of concisional rhyme, so that's sort of a fun one for you.
And I'd like to point out that you didn't wish that I'd die today.
So for me, that's off to a good start.
Glad that your standards are so incredibly low.
What an unsurprising development.
Yeah, that's, again, you got the kid gloves on today.
That's very nice.
Trying to think of the worst thing I can possibly say.
But that's very unnecessary, so don't do that.
You know, I once called your doctor posing as you with your voice,
and tried to find out if you had cancer.
You didn't.
I felt a great wave of disappointment.
I mean, there, that's obviously an awful thing to do.
And odd, and an odd thing to say.
Are you feeling bad yet?
I'm mostly confused. That's strange.
You're a strange and sad man.
I'm here for Crumb.
I'm a member of the president of the Crumb fan club.
We love Crumb.
Matt's in chat, and I only need two more wins to get my head off the gorilla block.
Yes, that's correct.
If he loses two before he wins two, this gorilla reserves the right to knock that block
that happens to be as round as a fucking egg and probably about as structurally sound as one
off of Crumb's head permanently.
Also, though, it won't kill him if you're worried about Crumb dying.
It won't kill him.
You can't say that conventionally.
Do you know how strong gorillas are?
You're not trusting this gorilla to have a little bit of a delicate touch?
With his super punch?
You have that little trust in your, honestly, incredibly patient gorilla financier?
Yeah, for those who don't know, I bet the gorilla $300,000 in a complicated situation that I lost,
and I've slowly been paying him off by munch.
Well, not bar letting me, lending me money, giving me money outright that I'll never pay back.
Yeah, that's what I've been doing.
Maybe if your lawyer checked that document again.
You're not going to, you're not going to, I read it very carefully and my lawyer's did as well.
He's been giving me $5,000, but now $15,000 every time I win.
So I am within spitting distance of clearing my name, getting the monkey off my back,
the arbitras off my sack, and finally being free of this debt and done gambling.
Caput.
And then also I get $300,000 additionally if I pull off this winning streak feat.
I'd also like to point out that I have never been a farther ahead in the score,
crushing you by over 12 points.
If this was an election, it would be over, baby.
If it was an election, it'd be more like nine points ahead, which would still be over.
What does mean because it's the, it'd be out of 100%.
So your math is really bad.
It's my only point.
What are we debating today?
That's a good question.
I asked in my head and didn't say out loud.
And it was a bad question from you.
Okay.
Soft or hard pretzels.
I didn't misspeak.
I meant to say pretzels because that's the thing that I eat,
but pretzels is the question that Chad asked.
Petzels.
Yeah, I eat pretzels.
It's pretzels made by exotic pets.
You can just, it's a lot, you're allowed to have a little bit of a vocal misstep in the middle of it.
Is it a live show?
I never have misspoken once.
So it was, I meant to say pretzels, but we're not debating that today.
We're debating softer hard pretzels.
Soft pretzels is of course the correct option.
So you will be taking hard.
Hard pretzels are fine.
I was going to take hard.
You gave me the option I wanted.
You wanted to defend hard pretzels.
And you guys, you, you don't have to like, you do like me obviously,
but even if for some insane reason you didn't, you don't have to like me to understand
the soft pretzels are better.
I'm just throwing that out there.
Well, okay, but I like hard pretzels.
I prefer a good hard pretzel over a stinky soft one.
They're not stinky.
They smell delicious like cooking dough.
Stinky hard pretzels just kind of aren't my jam.
Like a nice salty hard pretzel, but we can get into it.
If there's not a mod that mind making that particular debate, I will be on the side.
I'll say which side you're on, which is hard, which is the wrong side.
And I will be on the side of the goddamn heroes and saints that all love soft pretzels.
Look, you're going to mess up your mouth and make it all dry and shit with a weird hard pretzel.
Yeah, it's okay.
Maybe if you have a flag and a fucking mead, but if you're an adult living in the modern times,
then you want a soft ass fucking pretzel and a huge one.
The kind that you have to dangle off of a fucking spike.
Okay, they bring it to you at a bar called like Maloligans.
And it's the biggest fucking monstrosity you've ever seen.
Just over a burning bowl of beer cheese.
Covered in more salt than you can imagine.
The kind of pretzel that could strangle a baby in the cradle.
A monumental monstrosity.
A miracle of science.
Softer than you can imagine.
Saltier than you ever thought possible, but with delicious.
Barely cooked dough.
And that's what everybody likes.
What you described sounds awful.
Sounds like an A, the image of like an AI generated monster pretzel.
Look, I'm just saying a nice bag of classic hard pretzels.
You can put them in a bowl.
You can have it with a diet coke or a sprite.
Or if you want to be a little spicy, a couple of spirits.
And it's a crowd pleaser.
People like to think, oh pretzels are boring.
Pretzel, nobody really likes them.
It's the bowl that always ends up still half full at the end of the party.
But I tell you this, put a bowl of pretzels in front of yourself
and you will nibble on these bad boys all day long.
You just can't help it.
It's the original Pringle.
Because once you pretzel, the fun don't stop.
Stop, Zoll.
Then that's why, look, that slogan doesn't work, but hard pretzels do.
And they're easier to get.
It's a matter of why is this so pleased?
This can't be this close.
But you understand my life's at stake.
Soft penis.
But this doesn't even want me to be debating.
Can we do a redo?
Because this doesn't even want me debating.
Fucking knew it.
Oh, reduce this by one.
Reduce this by one immediately.
It is your duty.
I know you guys like to keep things close, but...
And it's okay.
You can have a little bit of fun.
But I am only one loss away now from getting punched by a full gorilla.
So I'd just like to throw that out there then.
She's important to me that I don't get punched by a gorilla.
Maybe I was a little too flippant with taking the side of hard pretzels.
I know they're not everyone's favorite.
But can you just reduce the crumb losses to a gorilla punched to what's that one?
It's going to happen as soon as Monday.
I'll get to it.
It doesn't matter.
I haven't mentally logged.
We can officially call a recount of the votes.
Munch and his supporters have cheated this honorable voting system.
Interesting coming from you, Matt.
How many channel points I wonder were poured into the crumb fund today?
Because the munch heads, the wolves in chat, just are roo-ed away any of the work you're doing.
And all they have to do is do it one more time.
And then we get to see what happens when people stop playing nice
and start getting punched by a gorilla.
This is the real world.
You know what?
I believe in our chat.
I believe in my friends.
And I do consider you guys friends.
Do not get weepy over this.
My life's at stake.
I can't help it.
I do consider you some of my closest friends.
I know I've never met many of you.
But you live in here.
You live in here.
Jesus, but why are you pointing like you're at the top of your chest?
I meant to do my heart.
Why is your heart located?
I don't know here.
That's way too high.
You're focusing on the wrong thing.
As always.
Okay, let me figure out how to update this thing.
I'm not even worried.
I'm stressed a little bit, Dad.
It's not.
It's okay to admit when you're stressed.
And I feel stressed.
I feel very stressed.
But it'll be okay.
I think for good it'll be okay.
I can't figure out how to update this right now, lunch.
I can't even figure it out right now.
I'm too stressed out.
Oh my God.
You're just trying to worm your way out of this.
I will fucking do it if I have to.
Jesus.
Um, alright.
Where the fuck did you put it?
You freak.
Alright.
God, make him me dig around like a producer.
This is insanity.
This is how big of a baby he's being.
Okay.
Uh-huh, uh-huh.
That's not the thing I need to update.
Why didn't you just make this a button?
It should be a button.
Okay, there we go.
I've located the asset.
I was tempted to put it to zero.
But that's how much I respect, chat,
and believe in their ability to make you lose one more time
so that you get killed.
I'm not dead.
All I need to do is win two more.
Two in a row.
And it was so close.
It was legitimately so close.
Tick-tock.
We ain't talking about Chinese social media here.
Obviously you're not.
God, you think you're clever just for knowing
that certain words have more than one meaning?
Yes.
Yes, that is the nature of being clever since time immemorial.
Crane could have had the Iron Dome,
but BB wouldn't let them.
I just can't talk about politics right now.
That's a fair point, Bodzai Bullfrog.
I mean, it's not.
I can't- sorry, I'm all messed up right now.
If anyone from Apex saw that, just know
I've gone through something and I'm not making sense right now.
Jesus Christ.
Robert Walker's Deep Analysis.
Don't forget that.
Yeah, go check out...
What was the name for us, Whitaker?
Quit trying to mislead people.
He said Robert Walker.
I don't know.
Would Crum let the gorilla hold his penis while he pees?
Is that a bet?
Could we change the bet?
Could we change the terms of the bet?
To that?
We can't show that on Twitch.
Well, you can't show a man getting decapitated on Twitch, either.
By a gorilla punch.
I think you can show that.
I think that just happened on an I Show Speedstream.
What?
Munch just admitted to identity fraud and breach of HIPAA.
No, he's not gonna rip it off. He's gonna punch.
Hard pretzels are the crumb of snacks.
That's correct.
That is correct.
Tomorrow's also no Munch Day.
Well, yeah, because I'm not on.
I'm sure you'll all feel deprived of my presence,
because it's Saturday.
I refuse to work for this particular news organization on Saturday.
I'm a man who values his free time,
and all my time is free time because I believe in freedom
and I do whatever I want.
Oh, it's so exhausting.
Maybe I should welcome the sweet embrace of a gorilla punch
so that my head could fly out of this room and away from you forever.
So, you don't even mean that?
Yeah, I do.
I hope I get killed by a gorilla because I hate you so much.
Because you've been so mean to me.
Okay, good.
You don't even mean that.
You know you'll miss me.
You're gonna miss me when I'm down.
Don't do this, Munch.
Oh, my God, stop begging.
But you're really threatening to kill me.
Yes, of course.
Be a man about it.
That's not what a man is.
A man is a man who doesn't kill his friends with gorilla punches.
You're being crazy.
Settle down.
Next debate should be what Trump's favorite Les Mis song is.
Or Les Mis.
No, Les Mis.
And yeah, welcome that.
And I'll win it.
I'll win it.
Sorry, I'm emotionally all over the place.
I'm dealing with a lot.
I'm dealing with a lot.
Oh, you're dealing with a lot.
State of the world and you're dealing with a lot.
Crumb, in case I'm not here next stream, it's been a pleasure knowing you.
Look, they're already sending in these heartfelt goodbyes.
Doesn't that make you feel good for some reason?
You're the one they hate, Munch.
They hate you.
And now you're truly being delirious.
Crumb is a very solid head.
Are you sure the gorilla punch will be able to punch it?
The gorilla's hand could be prone to breaking.
It's true.
Do I have like a Homer Simpson style head?
Maybe my brain is specially rattly or something.
Like in that episode of the Simpsons.
No.
No, you have a normal.
You have a painfully normal brain.
No, you don't obviously.
Uh-oh, you do have an abnormal brain.
Gorilla, you're going to have to really lay it in.
You're going to have to really lay it in.
Because...
Who knows?
Who knows what's going on in there?
And I'm sure he will.
You know, you said he can punch as hard as you want.
Gorilla, I know we've had our differences,
but you're about to get paid off.
If you kill me, you never will.
And you think he's that swayed by the other.
You think he's that swayed by the other.
You think he's that swayed by the other.
You think he's that swayed by money?
Yes.
Yes.
Based on some of the conversations that we've had.
Primal conversations.
Wordless.
Yes.
I'm just saying lay it in.
That's all I'm saying.
For a guaranteed punch, we should ask if Hatesock
should be the new Pope and make Crumb
take the side of the Hatesock.
We either get him dead or get Hatesock as a permanent character.
Don't do that.
Please.
Is the gorilla a big employee?
Of course.
And all this is a bubble, and all the paperwork's been signed.
We don't need to bring in the HR toilet for this.
The sentences that end up getting shed on this stream.
Are so disappointing.
So does Crumb have a crayon like Homer?
Yes.
I don't know what that means, honestly.
I don't have an encyclopedic knowledge of the Simpsons, unfortunately.
And that's why you'll never win.
Crumb, will you get through this?
Yes.
Crumb, will you get through this?
Crumb, you... well, I'm going to put this as a question.
Crumb, will you get through this?
That's not what it says. It says Crumb, you will get through this.
You are the best part of it. You got this.
Thank you.
You know, the internet, and not our chat,
our chat is full of beautiful angels,
but the internet is a place where there's a lot of rampant hate.
And don't let
those in chat
who make it seem like everyone watched me dead
make you think that that's really the
consensus reality we're all existing in.
If you like me,
you know a lot of you knew.
It's real simple. Just vote for me two more times.
And...
we can do this together.
Together, for a better tomorrow,
where I'm not...
murdered.
Exactly, Zackeepoo.
Lull. At that, what you said.
That could be a show of support, is my point.
I think the gorilla should use a shoryuken
to send Crumb to head flying.
Oh, no.
I still... I know that sounds funny.
But in reality, I'll be dead.
Yes.
You're getting it at last.
Homer had a cran in his brain.
Oh, yes, please. Whatever kept him...
whatever the Homer rules were.
Please.
Crumb, I got my car a couple days ago,
and your song was on the radio. I knew it.
I thought that's impossible. That has to be impossible.
I refuse to believe that.
That is reality.
But I do believe that today
finally did the inevitable.
Which is vote
for Crumb's death.
We're incredibly close
to summiting
for the first time. You're almost at the level
of the peak amount munch.
Because peak munch is this man getting
gorilla punched to death. And it's going to happen.
And when it does, I'll be there smiling
and so will you. See you real soon. Bye-bye.
Hi, Jake.
You look kind of tall, actually.
I didn't realize you were this tall.
I'm a gentle
jizz ant. Sorry.
It's okay. You can say that.
I'm telling for a joke.
Then I won't do it again.
Everything's...
We don't have to start off at this level of stress.
It's been a stressful enough day already.
All of us
are going through
different levels of weird things. So, you know, we can just relax here.
This is the... this is the relaxed part of the stream.
Yeah, yeah.
It's just the gorilla.
We can't play the music because we have to watch some videos.
But the music will be back.
Yes, it will.
Okay. That's all we do. We just watch a couple
internet videos, Jake. It's so easy.
It's so easy.
All right. Where are they?
Yes, we're way behind.
We haven't done this in too long.
But there's probably some
bangers in here.
And some awful ones.
And we'll watch both. Oh, no!
But it's fine. Bad ones are fun too.
It'll be good. You'll see.
Yeah, that was C.
Okay.
Are they okay?
Yeah. But they're breathing.
Are they supposed to breathe like that?
Yeah, that's how they breathe.
That's fine. They're loud little monsters.
Okay.
That's gotta be a high-scoring one, in my opinion.
You can't argue with sleeping dogs on little contraptions.
Yeah, they're alive, Jake.
Yeah, that's good. See?
Okay. This next one could stress you out a little bit more.
So we'll let this score come in
so that you're nice and relaxed.
I always hear it out of the other ear!
Yeah, but it's not. It's also a graphic.
It's not going to affect you.
I always think it's coming from that way,
but it doesn't come from that way.
Yeah, that's how it works.
For some reason, my
earpieces are reversed.
Why? I don't know. I don't know how to wire it.
I don't know how to wire it.
Why? I don't know. I don't know how to wire electronics.
Oh!
Okay, let's watch another one.
Wait a minute.
He's fine. You're making a face, too.
I was yawning. Is it okay?
That's probably okay. Don't worry about it.
He's...
That's his job.
Oh. Heroes come in all shapes and cars.
Yes. Heroes could drive any number of cars.
Or automotive vehicles.
Okay.
This is going to be alright.
Yeah, yeah. I mean, we're literally just watching internet videos.
So you...
There's no reason to be this dressed up.
Okay.
Good long pee.
You're going to like this because you love talking about piss.
I don't.
I swear it's...
I don't. I don't want that...
Don't spread that.
You've been talking about it all stream.
But I don't want to.
You've... But you have been. So you must.
Hey guys. Good long pee.
Hey. Good long pee. Rolling in.
That's good long pee.
Don't mind us. Just good long pee.
Walking in in style, baby.
Well, this will at least be interesting.
Don't mind me.
I'm just going to take a little pee pee
on the patty.
Hey, Mr. Squidward.
Good long pee is pissing all over the patty.
Good long pee is pissing all over the patty.
Patrick, don't eat that.
It's soaked with piss.
Oh guys, look.
Piss patties are good.
You're the burnicle. Am I going to sell piss patties?
This isn't a piss fetish restaurant.
But Mr. Krabs, it doesn't have to be.
You don't need a piss fetish to enjoy piss.
I have a piss fetish
and I hate piss patties.
Fuck you, Squidward.
Fuck you, Squidward.
That was fun, Schwab.
That wasn't...
That wasn't...
SpongeBob.
That was good long pee.
SpongeBob!
What did you learn from that episode of SpongeBob?
Jake, it's fun to make food with your friends.
Hmm.
Can I get banned for that?
I don't know. What's... huh?
Oh yeah, I shouldn't ask you that, should you?
Should I?
Should you? Should who? Should I ask you that?
What? Sorry, I'm not.
I'm trying to make the sun not stressful for you.
Never mind. Why?
Okay, let's move on.
The best thing to do in this situation
is move on. We got a couple comments.
Can't wait for the gorilla to come
to meh-ha... meh-ha
from his head off.
I'm not trying to sway that one
either way.
That's between much and problem.
What happened to the expert? Oh, we'll get to the expert.
Yeah, we can do that after this.
Did case get
shorter?
Oh, I look normal.
Is your head always that square?
Kind of.
Jake, would you hold case's penis while he pees?
Why is that delightful?
What a funny thing to say!
Really?
Sure, if you need me to.
Are you having troubles? It's no big deal.
I mean, why would that stress you out?
You're stressed out by watching internet videos.
Ah, so yell at me!
Okay, okay, sorry.
Well, let's hear another one.
I've only got one dog.
I live back in the woods, baby.
And I miss.
I like that!
That got me, too.
That one got me for some reason.
Sometimes you don't need more than that.
Who is enough?
You are enough, sir!
I love to dance.
Yeah, you're doing great.
Watch me dance!
Great work, Jake.
You're doing great.
Okay.
That's our highest score.
They even beat the two dogs sleeping.
Yeah, the greatest dancers dance with their eyes.
Really?
Yes, yes, Jake.
9.77.
Let's see if we can try to top that.
Do I have to?
Oh, he's just having fun.
Okay, those ones are right.
Ow!
You can take it!
You can take it, Sasquatch!
This looks fun.
He likes it.
That was a roller coaster!
I don't know how I feel about it.
When was this a roller coaster?
I feel like we've been on a journey together, Jake.
And we didn't even have to get in a car!
We just...
Sorry, I'm reacting slow.
My emotions are catching up with me.
I'm not going to do this.
I'm not going to do this.
My emotions are catching up with me.
I'm so stressed that I stopped my emotions for a while there.
And they're catching up with me.
Which emotion is that?
I don't know.
That person could mess up a Walmart.
I hope they don't.
They probably get stopped.
We're just doing that to Toys and a Walmart.
Although if I saw someone doing that to Walmart to Toys,
I would probably watch them do it for a little while.
I think it's on the other side!
Sorry.
It is confusing.
Okay, what's this guy up to?
Finally beach weather!
You know what that means?
Boy...
You know what that means?
Boy skins are imminent.
Are you using Chicago or New York?
Why do you want to know?
I don't know.
Is that a...
Or it could have been anywhere, I guess.
Can we associate this underpass with a particular city?
I don't even know.
New York.
Wow.
Yeah, that's good.
Let me smell!
What?
Kendall, come back!
I don't know why'd you leave.
That dude would definitely hold your penis.
Yeah.
This has been a big day for me.
I'm overcoming a lot of different things.
Oh.
High five!
Yeah, that's...
That's normal.
That's how that looks.
I did it my first high five now, too.
I showed you how first.
I showed you how by doing one of myself.
And then you got it on the action.
Mm-hmm.
Very smooth.
Okay, let's do two more.
Only two?
Wow, you actually want to watch more?
No.
Two will do.
Only one?
No, we'll do two more.
Didn't Jake rap about having sex?
I did.
I was making it all up.
I'm sorry.
That's okay.
That's loud and rap.
I'd say most rappers are making most of it up.
Nope.
Oh, okay, I guess they're not.
They suck.
No, they're fighting, though.
Oh, no.
Come on!
Four, five, six, seven, eight.
Four, five, six, seven, eight.
Wow.
Oh!
Wow.
Wow.
Wow.
Wow.
Wow.
Wow.
Wow.
Wow.
Two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight.
All right.
Now we're making it to the end.
Now, we're not even allowed to say good-bye.
Five, four, five, six, seven, eight.
Here we go.
One, two, three, four, five.
Wow.
You're making it up.
Seven, nine.
Ten.
Now, we're ready to roll.
Yes.
This is going to be the end.
Wow.
Don't be sad.
That's what they were built for.
They're living their best life
if they were alive.
He did the splits.
It's a dance.
They died?
They're robots. They can't die.
Yay!
They were made out of old recycled USB microphones. I do wonder...
Is it...
Is there any actual thing being tested there? Is it just...
They just hit the take a dive button? Oh, anyway, that's basically real steel. So...
Hugh Jackman did it again. He made another thing reality.
What else did he make real?
Australia. The movie.
Oh, yeah, I'm good. Were there people controlling me or were they just doing what they were trained to do?
I guess they must have been being operated. That's kind of fun.
But can you even like do enough damage to make the other robot not function or just kind of whoever
falls down the worst first?
Either way, I'm kind of in.
Does Jake constantly watch September the calendar's Elemander? Oh, I guess not. The robots were testing there.
Metal. Okay. Jake, thanks for being here. I gotta go! Yes, you can go right after this. Oh, thank God.
Y'all let's talk about P's made me...
Okay, let's just end this segment.
Okay, it's time to talk to, um...
Rob Elvie.
About what? I
Don't know. I don't have anything to say to this guy.
He realizes that his past has caught up to him. Wow, really? If that's true,
then I will be shocked.
Because I just don't believe that Rob has that level of
self-awareness, but joining us now is Rob Elvie. I think that's really cruel of you to say
that I wouldn't have the awareness to know
when I've stepped in it and maybe I've gone too far and I've inserted myself into too much. Hi Rob, good to see you.
It's good to see you. You look
different. Thank you. I feel like I've turned over a new leaf. I'm ready to
settle down. And I'm done.
I'm done. With what?
I'm done. With banning people?
What are you gonna say you're done banning people? Because
you know, you could probably connect with people if you didn't just fly off the handle all the time. Band them, talk about coasters.
In general, it'll be an incomprehensible
weirdo.
What you just said is very cruel. And in a different time,
I think if you said something like that to somebody who's just trying to be nice,
the thing that would probably happen to you.
You're trying to pull me back in. I'm really not.
Fine, Rob. Fresh start. All you have to do
is say you're done with all of this weird,
aggressive banning stuff.
Doesn't even make sense, Rob.
It never made any sense.
You're getting really aggressive again. Are you trying to come to terms with me or no?
Fresh start. Sorry.
I'm actually sorry. I don't want to fight with you.
Are you done
with the banning?
There's comments. You don't avoid the question.
So I wasn't listening.
Apparently Rob had endorsed half-baked roller coaster simulation games. No, I didn't. You're banned. Oh my god. I fucking knew it.
I fucking didn't. I didn't do a goddamn thing wrong. This is ridiculous. Oh, Rob. I fucking knew it.
God damn it. You're banned.
Fuck this. Every game I endorse rocks ass.
Every fucking game I've played that's a coaster game has been has ripped shit in a positive way.
Anybody who thinks otherwise is a fucking idiot.
Who needs to get out of here at his ban? Yes. Yes.
Feel good again.
This was not a conductive, a conducive conversation to any particular end, Rob.
It was to one end, your end, your ban.
All right.
Do you wear the fishtie on a roller coaster? They made me wear this. Get this off me.
Get this thing off me. Get this off me. Get this thing off me. Get this off me. Get this thing off me.
Your banned.
You can play at this game, Rob.
You piece of shit. I brought these from home to look cool and I have the exact same stuff.
So what does that make you? A poser. No, your posing is me.
I don't even like this shit. This shit sucks. Get it off me. I'm out of here. Good.
I came here to apologize and this is how I'm thanked.
You piece of you are a real piece of work.
You didn't even make any, you caved instantly, Rob.
Instantly. Just fucking, I'm done with you, man. If I see a comment from you, I'm skipping it.
I'm done with it. I'm done with it, man.
And I'm telling Tripp to blow your ass away instantly.
What?
Yeah, your banned, Rob.
That's an impossibility. What you're saying is insane and can not... No!
But you do not cut back to him. He's banned. He's fucking banned.
You're sounding a lot like Rob right now.
No, he's the one.
He's not going to blow his ass. He's going to blow him away.
He hasn't banned Chrome. That's true.
Obnoxious and rude, Rob is obnoxious and rude.
I thought he was here to apologize. I don't even know for what.
And now that I knew for what, I'm annoyed, but not in the way that Rob is.
We need to make some beautiful music.
What?
Yeah.
It's time to do the little DJ C4. We'll end with there.
No, that sounds backwards. We'll do therapy right now.
What?
Actually, wait, no. We'll do our news roundup right now.
Make a move, Case! You're being crazy!
You're right. I'll do better.
See, that's how it's done, Rob. Case apologizes immediately when it doesn't even make sense.
That's true. It's one of my powers.
Let's do a little news roundup. Just a little bit more news.
There's got to be some fun news out there too, right? Some classic fun news?
Does that even count as news?
Yeah. As long as it's not a website, it counts. It's news time.
Wait, that's a call, man. Let's do this thing. All right.
Wait, man. Wait. Y'all ain't even know, man. All right.
What you want me to do right here, man?
Cut that out. That's fine. I love that music. You ready to have a little fun, right?
Um...
Jelly Roll?
Hey, I'd love to be Jelly Roll. That ain't name, man.
That's... You're not Rob Elvie, are you?
Nah, man. I don't even... I'd love to meet a new person, but I don't even know who that is.
Dino Roll. I'll get the canapé by name, Dino Roll.
That seems... I don't know. I don't really want to make it a fat joke.
Come on. You can't live without fun. I ain't even that heavy. It's all in my face.
I got a little body.
Compared to... I got... Hey, I'll admit it. I got a big old head.
God bless me with a lot of face. And I'll use it every day to spread smiles.
Oh, that's very sweet, I guess.
What's your name? Morgan Whalen? That can't be. That's just the name of a famous country singer.
I know. It's crazy.
My name's Morgan Whalen, too.
And I'm not the favorite friend. I wish. You probably had that problem, too, because you look like JD Van.
I don't look like Morgan Whalen, but my name is Morgan Whalen.
You look a little like Morgan Whalen.
That is so kind of you to say, because he's an international superstar.
Okay, wait. Apparently, I need to get Kendall to read something.
Have we sliders into a dimension where case is Rob Elvie?
I know. I ain't even fiction now who that is.
You swear you've met this guy? That's my first time. Were you hired by a dog?
That little fella gave me a job. Love that little guy.
Okay, well, hey, at least you're positive.
Case, read the scroll. I'm being inundated with demands.
The scroll is there to exist casually.
Rob Elvie being hunted down.
Okay. He's banned. I'm banned for, he's banned. I'm not even doing this.
You seem like you're having a little bit of a stressful day.
Let's see if we can improve that with some fun songs.
No, sorry. We're doing the news segment right now.
Oh, dang, that's fine to you.
Hey, Kendall. Hey, Kendall.
I don't know if she's around.
Oops, someone's knocking at the door, though.
She has a house guest.
That's beautiful. You got a friend over?
She's got a, sorry, she's got an office guest.
Oh, just not where you live. There's so much space.
I figured you probably live here.
No, this is more of a work situation.
All right. Chill, chill.
I'll get her to read it if she has.
I'll just leave it up until.
Okay. We got to have you open up some news stories for us.
And you can play music while you do that.
Oh, goodie. A little bit of music time for me.
You like this song? I don't know who it is.
It's, is it Morgan Whelan? No, man. It's Luke Rose.
Is that through?
What's going on, mama?
Something just dawned on me.
All right. Let's see what's going on in the world tonight.
I don't follow the news to be fair.
So, all this will be as much news to me as it is to anyone else.
I just make you feel good.
Sir.
Oh, come on.
Give me a little chap of reaction.
Now you know you like this.
I, uh, not the biggest country guy to be perfectly honest.
I'm 50, man.
Everybody says that until they really listen to it.
And, boy, it's good you're going to go up and show me in your head.
Turn this up. It's pretty loud already.
Turn this up, man. You got to get it in your brain.
Okay.
What's going on with this year?
I hope it was loud enough for y'all.
It was, it was like, it felt almost close to max volume for the stream.
Perfect.
And I got generated out there during NBA finals.
It just cost $2,000 to make.
That's beautiful. I love saving money.
I'm making it for myself.
Morgan Whelan.
Rubber Emporium.
You sell rubber?
No, that's me trying to get into the business.
Selling rubber.
People still sell them?
No, they sell rubber.
People still sell rubber?
People still sell rubber?
I'm assuming.
Anytime for rubber.
I ain't talking kindness. I'm talking industrial.
Okay.
You kind of look like Kevin Owens.
That is so kind of sake, he's an international superstar.
Um, yeah, I guess that's true.
To who?
I don't know.
Iran?
Why'd you pick that?
I just picked Iran and country.
That's a, well, it's kind of a sensitive,
I mean, they're currently going through a thing.
I don't know.
North Korea.
Why those two?
I'm just picking countries.
Space?
Outer space?
I don't know.
Okay, yeah, well, you can make an ad for very cheap, apparently.
Yeah, if you watch the NBA finals, you might have seen an ad.
And we're going to click on it right now.
Okay.
I mean, we got to watch it, right?
I guess.
Oh, God, this looks awful.
Okay.
Indiana good old Indiana got that dog.
Will egg prices go up this month?
I think we'll hit $20.
How many hurricanes do you think we'll have this year?
Kelsey, let's you legally trade on anything anywhere in the US.
Kelsey.
I love that.
I love Kelsey.
I get, I hear about them all the time.
My favorite podcast.
Um, the critter hour with a step dump,
step dump, the critter over with step dump is one of your faves.
Love that one.
Uh, there's the, uh, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the,
the, the, the, the, the seat.
That's that one.
Uh, there's the mudsucker Tuesday's pump cast.
What's that one about pump?
Just pumps.
Water pumps.
Mostly water pumps.
Step dump is so funny.
He's one of my favorite comedians slash.
He's got a lot of slashes.
He sells a lot of things.
I thought that did that ad look a little fake to you?
I could not tell.
You're telling me this guy ain't real.
This just looks like a Saturday night to me.
Go down to the BW3s.
You're going to kind of find a couple of this guy walking around and there'll usually be
a policeman behind them because they are getting escorted out.
I don't do ads myself.
I'm not in the creative industry.
How they think of this stuff is beyond me.
Sometimes they reach into middle America and they pull on our heart and they put
it on screen.
That's why I love ads.
Looks like an Asian Ric Flair.
Does he even?
Does that even look Asian?
I can't tell.
To me it looks like mind-numbing garbage.
But so do almost all ads.
You're being a little negative about commercials.
I know they're not for everybody but people put a lot of creative energy into that thing.
So I think you want the universe to be on your side.
Sometimes you got to feed it back.
Say, hey, I see what you're putting out there.
I appreciate the work.
It was an AI ad.
Somebody had to prop that bad boy.
We all act like AI comes out of nowhere.
Come on.
You're hard writing them ads by writing it into prompt and then the ad happened.
You know what I mean?
Sort of.
Okay.
Oh, I got a hate.
I just need to get rid of my ad blocker one of these days.
One of these days we're just getting rid of it.
Okay.
Right at 13th, Jason Universe Advertisement for Halloween, Horne Edge 25.
Universal Studios about the Halloween of Fortage taking fans back to the terror of Camp
Crystal Lake 45 years after the films were released.
And that's beautiful.
I've been waiting for another one of these things.
Saw the first one thought it was crazy.
Jamie Lee Curtis.
Right?
I know Jamie Lee Curtis is the Halloween franchise.
I couldn't sleep for a year after I saw the first one of these things because I was
afraid that little guy in the Waldo sweater was going to come into my dreams.
No, that's nightmare on Elm Street.
I was afraid to answer a phone after I saw the first one of these because I thought I might
be a beautiful blind.
He's about to get stabbed.
That scream.
This is one of the most famous horror franchises.
They said it in there.
So there's a lake.
I was afraid of alligators for a long time after I saw Lake Plash that you even know
the name.
So you know that's not the right one.
Anyway, I'm very excited for this.
David Beckham, Gary Oldman and Roger Daltry knighted in a king's birthday anewers.
That is beautiful.
I love to see people getting the props they deserve.
I always thought those boys deserve big old armor for the things they done serving their
British country.
They all British.
You got to be British being that.
I ain't trying to be one myself, but I would love to get someone to plop a sore
down on my on my shoulders.
Feel that cold steel near your neck.
Wonder if today's the day they just accidentally slop your head off while trying to make
you a knight.
That's the fantasy.
You think if they move the sword over it just sliced right the ear, head like butter.
That's how sharp those bad boys are.
And that's why these guys are brave for getting knighted.
I don't know if I could, but I might be get too scared that the queen or king or
whoever big old sausage fingers going to just trip up, slop my head right off.
Morgan, your accent is a lot like Gary Oldman's accent from the fifth element.
That is so kind of you to say international superstar Gary Oldman.
If I could sound like him in any capacity, I'd absolutely take that.
I appreciate how positive you are and I appreciate you noticing because it takes
work, but you never work a day in your life if you're happy about everything.
OK, that's the US Army's 3D printing drones and repairing them.
And they'll soon have the capability to make the most vast, to make the vast
majority in house. That's nice.
I'm glad that any kind of efficiency or redundancy you can find in the budget
or in making bombs.
I'm totally in favor of because people work hard to make those bombs.
You got to respect the work they put in.
A lot of people hate drones.
I think a drone is just a.
It's just another soldier and I love our soldiers and I know that can be kind
of worse. I love protesters, too. I love them all.
OK, great, Morgan.
Um, what the heck?
Silly strings shooting worms, slug sex in an indestructible
badger meat, nature's underdogs.
Enter underdogs in this series narrated by Ryan Reynolds, the Ryan Reynolds.
Here to celebrate the unsung heroes of the natural world with a refreshing touch
and candor, because that's he always is so funny.
Let's be honest, the natural world can be bonkers.
And I bet.
And who's better to tell us about that than one of the funniest men ever
to live the Ryan Reynolds, the voice of a pool.
And my I was waiting that whole movie for him to be a pool.
And I think one of these days he will be.
Because in Van Wilder, he did some really good pool work.
But in the movie called pool, he did none.
Crazy. I'm sure Deadpool's made the joke that there's like a pool.
Deadpool, actually. I'd love to see that.
I would love to see that.
Megan Foxx's new manicure was inspired by a pierced penis.
I can see it. I can see it.
That's clever.
Ladies get so clever and whoever's doing them now.
No judgment. No judgment.
Uh, yeah.
Toxic positivity. Thank you for noticing.
Because I don't care what toxins you give me.
I'm staying positive.
Hey, Kendall, I think she's gone.
I don't know if she's ever going to be able to read this.
Kendall.
She's not even in here.
She'll come around. He's got to wait.
You love him. Let him leave.
And my dad will come back.
All right.
As I've remeft and goes over the counter, some pharmacists
worry about a lack of guidance.
The drug used to treat parasitic worms
has not been formulated or labeled specifically
for over the counter use like aspirin or antacid.
Well, look, everybody apparently everybody's spending
too much money and the foot of the Fede, the foot,
foot, foot Rutgers FDA.
We had to cut some of that apparently.
So I'm sure they're doing their best with what they got.
Hey, I believe in my neighbors.
And any pill I see, I take.
I wouldn't do that.
Well, but look, look, sometimes you get burned.
That's life.
But what am I going to do?
Judge someone for taking a pill?
Now give me that pill.
You got any pills?
I don't.
Shoot.
I shoot.
That's okay.
But if you do, just let me know.
I'll take them.
Okay. I really believe you.
You should. I will.
I'll take a bunch.
I will take a bunch.
You know, they used to call me cotton whaling
because I sound like I've cotton in my mouth.
Kind of how many pills I put in there.
Played chubby, played chubby bunny with aspirin.
Not even a, not even a fun pill.
Just aspirin.
Nope. I've not done that.
All right.
Um,
FIFA World Cup ticket prices clung.
Is there an ice factor?
I see the news is trying to get you.
Ticket prices for the FIFA World Cup event have dropped sharply following ice and CBP announcements about security at the games.
All right.
As of Thursday, the tickets were available for just under $80.
Real cheap.
That's cheap.
Dang.
All right.
If it's a steal, I'll take it.
$80 is pretty cheap for like a stadium event nowadays.
Usually it's like starting at $140 for the bad seats.
Paul Walter Hozer is cousin.
That is so kind of you to say.
International superstar Paul Walter Hozer.
I will take that to the bank.
Thank you very much.
Uh, yeah, you kind of, yeah, a little bit.
Hi, candle.
I'm trying to, I'm trying for you now too, buddy.
I got your back.
Hi, candle.
Hi, candle.
Hi, candle.
I'm trying, man.
Hi, candle.
Can you come here for a sec?
I did it.
Oh, they just wanted you to come here.
For a sec?
I did it.
Oh, they just wanted you to read something.
You don't have to.
Oh, man.
I thought I had her, but I guess not.
Is your mouth okay?
No, man.
No, I got mouth problems.
Real bad mouth problems.
The other reason they called me cotton, I kind of, I had a lot of mouth surgery and
I had a lot of cotton in my mouth.
That's the less fun reason.
And some of those pills I was taking, they were pain pills because I was in a lot
of pain.
Anyway, candle's coming.
Okay.
Mark King sent me this message that he wanted you to read.
Oh, okay.
This one?
Uh-huh.
Should I get it translated before you say it?
Yeah, I only understand half of it.
Okay, we'll play it safe here.
Will it do it?
It did.
Yeah, that's what I, crazy that I kind of understood half of that.
Chat, it translates to, yes, you can hold my manhood.
Wait, shouldn't you case read that?
Yeah, you should've made me read that.
Should I case read that?
I guess we see what they really want here.
Okay go ahead read it and yeah do the correct accent go I don't think I'm
allowed just try it okay among how I can on curry cold oh yeah oh oh oh oh
Kaya oh oh like you just cut it off oh oh oh yeah use your throat oh oh oh yeah oh
okay oh oh okay among how I can on Ariko sure I probably said it wrong
okay among how I can on Ariko I
R go okay among how I can on Ariko can I just say it like super slow oh oh
Kaya mom how I can on Ariko okay now add like actual personality to it oh oh
hi I'm on how I can are we oh I'm Ari go but can you do on like yeah oh oh
hi I'm on use your throat okay among how I can on Ariko
instead of like R with a R like in a pirate do it like as if it's not an R it's
not an R what does that mean it's like I okay among how I can on Ariko are
I R I Riko are you are you go go go okay among how I can I got it go
that's the best I can do I like psych or it's lawfully binding cancel me for what
I've got a Filipino woman here trying to get me to do it right whoa whoa whoa
only half so cancel half of me I guess too anyway I guess I've given you
permission I'm taking it back now you're streaming right now I don't know how
much time is left on the timer it might be done to be honest I was supposed to
make a song but maybe there's no time I'm not how much you want to play this
game let me make a song for 30 minutes okay it'll also have to kind of we'll
do therapy on Monday and yeah they wanted me to do therapy probably on account of all
the piss stuff thanks card King
okay my e okay my nice beautiful I really like what you guys are doing it's
cute what do we do it's just key I like it but it's great God bless my God bless
okay putting a smile on that face it's you know you don't have to smile all the time
okay come on I'm living my life the way I want that's what I'm doing I'll be over
here living my life the way I want smiling smiling and profiling Morgan
Wayland okay congrats on living that way thank you so much for noticing I just
walked out the self-survivor of the Air India crash energy story God that is
a tough break a tough break for the rest of them and for him and I look I'm my
son of my voice on to positive in a situation like this but that is legit
bad and I ain't smiling because of that I'm smiling because that's the way I
choose to live my life this would be a situation where it'd be really good
not to smile Morgan 11 age and that's my next lottery number because that is
insane you see that thing you blew the frick up like fireworks truck on the
fourth of July or like a plane crashing yeah but then that's just what it is so
should I just move on it is a that's a horrible it was like a horrible image I'm
shocked anyone survived and very brutal been some pretty depressing stuff
shared on social media in regard to that but I guess you know I can't imagine I
can't imagine walking away from something like that I think he also lost his
brother unfortunately so horrible to hear about for sure well hey what about this
avian hall of fame filmmaker and actor Paul Thomas passes away shoot but he lived
a heck of a life I bet look pornography ain't for me I'm recovering
recovering sex addict oh you are I used to not be able to say no to myself
you know what I mean yes I do but and and there's no shame in admitting that
I probably have sampled his work in my darker days
I think you can fit into relapse honestly just to honor this man that's how much I
respect what he's doing but I can't anymore I just can't handle it some
people can eat candy some people can do heroin some people can't watch porn
it's an interesting list that's just the way it is man I still laid it for
some of us okay Antonio Brown reportedly wanted for attempted murder
charged after Miami boxing incident in May much have been a heck of a fight I'll
tell you that hope everybody's okay option prayers that's all the time I
were having right now I'm being told he was Peter and Jesus Christ superstar
multi-talented man and not the right time to make a joke that his name was
Peter but not surprising at the same time right it is not the right time to
make that joke I'm not so I said it all respect wish I could watch your stuff
but I will lose control you know I'll be like a ferret in a sock on myself this
one sample I can't even use Instagram too much for me I was really I was I was
wearing it down man okay yeah I got yes I get it Morgan you doing a country song
today we're doing country what was the specific request we got to be quick about
it to I need them to I need them to kind of burn through this one God where's the
request all for an expert operatic country line dancing by San Antonio
Domingo you get in San Antonio Domingo huge fan huge fan of all John is a
music really all anything anything even screamo love screamo so you need me if you
need a consultant for anything let me know I think we have to go with Santiago
today understandably one of the greats and we'll send you down there now yeah I
love music excited to see what happens here excited to meet all of you excited
to be back a lot get used to this face you may smiling at you a lot okay well you
know we have too many hosts now Pepino's really hired too many people or just a
lot of friends and they got a big old friend group or that anyway we don't
much time so let's send it down to DJC for oh yeah man let's do this thing I'm
told me got tight time constraints today that's the exact kind of pressure I love
to work under I'm DJC for if you think I look like case it's cuz we are related
I'll admit that did I get this job out of nepotism I don't know but I'm making
the best of it man I'm making the best of it and I've got one of the best in
the biz to work with me actually you might know him as an undead specter
but he's also an incredible ghostwriter thanks for being here man
you're right doing great still Heather did this mortal plane and ready to put in
the work to make these artists sound as good as possible time permitting today
we are working with one of my favorite operatic country line dancers San Antonio
Domingo awesome it's crazy who you get to work with in this industry looks like
we're there's no title for this song first let's sample what line dancing
music counts as because I'll be real I mostly write pop and rap but I won't
say no to literally any job I will take liturbo Lee any job country I'm
assuming country is that's like country line dancing right maybe just maybe
it's just country maybe just cause it's country
as a heartbreaker but I've said a few goodbyes I'd make a promise but I know later I'm
bound to change my mind you even dance to this
I'm going in hell baby no I'm taking that as the as a perfect example of what the genre has to offer and we're just gonna roll with that
it's basically pop music but also with opera let's see if we type in country opera
if that's already a thing oh look like it is
wouldn't get enough for me I'd sing country songs for them where's the opera
and it didn't help but I'll sing a pro one day it's like opera with an A
like comedy stuff
in the opera if you're a country star cause no patron trust an opera in the
oh so just be kind of English is what I'm understanding just be like oh that
kind of thing are we being punished yes I think so I assume I mean I'm a ghost so
I think maybe we're all being punished for something I think I might be what
existence is mostly though I'm here to write some sick lyrics so country is
pretty easy we need a title though line dancing in the opera tonight I think is
what we'll go with and I think we'll also make that the chorus chorus chorus
okay one sec let me just this there we go missing Kyle yeah that's another one I
wrote for I wrote that for case I wrote that how are you doing tonight that's
that's going in okay that's a classic lyric so we just need a combination of
opera and truck here obviously truck dog horse girl jean shorts but then we
also need opera words let's see maybe I can just get them wholesale I'm just
looking up a list of opera words okay grabbed a list of opera words we're
doing a speed mode today we have no choice oh and we also need to find a
track we should do that okay list of country music words we're turning on
turbo mode today we got no choice normally I'd go to you guys for this
but I gotta crank this song out fast we're on a strict deadline for some I don't
even know why don't even know why all right piss I'll throw piss in there for
sure that's kind of country okay twang honky tonk banjo it gave me literal
country music words that's fine though we'll use that piss is in here too
fatty boom belady okay now we need to find a country song we'll use my favorite
beat producer epidemic copyright free beats music where's cut there is country
boom let's see what they got for us all right y'all coming in my downtown with
the opera song that kind of works that sort of works all right what else we got
though now that sucks ass nope that's awful we want country pop is what I'm
learning I mean maybe we just go with that nope nah the same one and I get a
little damn it that has lyrics don't poison the well here we don't want to
be influenced all right we're just going with this one we're going with the
first one first choice best choice I don't even know the name this I don't
even know that's a seems like an appropriate title for some reason for
what we're doing here okay incredible I love this let's turn it down a little bit
while we think of it's actually the title I don't even know why all right
I kind of got a vibe we just need to write we just need to crank them up the
way I don't even have time to listen to the song we just got to crank the lyrics
out so truck should be in there got a cheap ass truck cuz I ain't a big spender
with a real loud engine that Chevy's a tenor there we go
enough room for my girl for my girl and the dog in the back what else what else
we may have to make it country warrants with back that's that's opera related these
these bell canto overture and it sucks for country America sister loving country
marriage I'll write that real quick just to be safe something about a shotgun that
obviously should be in there don't mezzo with this forte because the family is
stacked there's gonna go with that and we'll say fam and just in case that's what
they need I'm like it but the bass stays long ain't soprano in these streets
it's a print on these roads but the tenor is strong we don't have time to make it
good how much how far does that get us let's figure it out because we also
figure out where the chorus goes I got a cheap ass truck now ain't a big spanner
with a real loud engine because I shimmy's a tenor enough room for my girl and a
dog in the back don't mess with the forte cuz the fam is stacked I'm a jeans shirt
poverty bass stays long ain't no soprano but the tenor is strong okay course
ain't here yet god damn it this sounds like a chorus why dancing in the opera
tonight got my voice so strong oh gotta be something like that
bill is have to kind of go pot I'll have to go opera on it with the chorus
we'll just see where that gets us so we were like we're halfway there something
about Andrea Bosselli okay we will throw the opera stuff in the chorus oh also we
still we already have how are you doing tonight locked and loaded Andrea Bosselli
I ain't talking pasta wedding bells go can't oh wedding bell count oh now that
doesn't make sense got a tux in the closet no wait hmm okay we're a tux to the
porter potty so I can piss if I want it doesn't really make sense but porta potty
is sort of like we'll say outhouse I'm just throwing in piss basically sister
love and country marriage le motif bravura cadence god I wish I knew it
any these words meant but I want to want to say the phrase sister loving
country marriage I'll say cowboy crooner sister loving country marriage cowboy
crooner when the ensemble goes bravura I'm an opera
kumer that should get us to the chorus I think okay Peg Leachy is not a clown
oh well he's throwing it on there anyway does that fucking get us there
got a cheap ass truck ain't a big spender with a real loud engine because the Chevy's a tenor
no room for my girl and the dog in the back don't mess with the sport because
the fam is stacked I'm a jeans short the poverty bass stays long ain't soprano
but this tenor is strong Andrea Bicella no I ain't talking pasta
sister loving country marriage cowboy crooner no we don't even need that we
can save that for later we need another line though that's in kind of a pasta motif
and then we can save this for after the core after chorus number one and and my
preferred style of song is it ends after the second chorus so so we're all we're
almost there um talking pasta what else rhymes with pasta lots of I need more opera
words where can I find more opera words opera please these words aren't very good
Rasta oh Rasta Rasta Rasta Fitz lobster I'm gonna add Robster lobster
Rasta lobster Maestro so wait lobster kind of works because that can be like I'm
broke uh eat mcd's fish because I can't afford lobster where it talks to the
outhouse so I can piss if I want I don't even really get what I'm trying to say
not over till the fat lady sings tell the fat lady sings my mom in law my
mother-in-law mother-in-law something about this mom being fat his mother-in-law
being fat is what I'm trying to get at my mama makes dinner because here's the
thing the evening ain't over until the fat lady sings whatever gotta get done
with the wind and strings I ain't done until the fat lady sings that might be
better but I do like calling my mom fat well his mom fat look deep into diva's
eyes tonight ask her how are you doing in the blue starlight that's got that's
going in the other one should go into but we already wrote this other fucking
lyric okay no formatting please let's just let's just really get lazy here my
dog knows opera too I got an opera banjo that I play real slow on that Alabama
damn I don't staccato Alabama twang spittin Bonda maestro I don't even know what
Bonda means but it's apparently an opera word so it works is that is the same
yeah those are the same like own oh we need one more line in here that runs
was slow rodeo something bow tie only bow tie cowboy wait no only doesn't work bow
tie cowboy horse spittin bow tie cowboy who's another opera singer famous opera
singers these people aren't famous Lily Ponds John Vickers who's the fucking
other one he's the guy that played Beauty and the Beast yo yo ma that'll work bow tie
cow yeah cowboy yo yo ma rodeo bow tie cowboy Mario Lonzo rodeo that's fun to
say bow tie cowboy Mario Lonzo rodeo on that Alabama twang spittin Banda maestro
fan fantastic line dancing tonight a line dancing at the opera tonight we got
a comment sorry yo yo ma's a cellist you're thinking of poverty fuck oh wait
yo yo ma well we went with a different one anyway and if it's wrong then no
it'll notice line dancing at the opera tonight how are you doing because I
feel so right staccato kissing peckin staccato kissing peckin loving my life
line dancing at the opera tonight whole town line dancing at the opera tonight
that probably works and if it doesn't then Antonio Domingo I'm sure can fill in
the rest boom boom that's a song right there I see a I see lyrics I see a chorus
I see lyrics and I see a chorus pretty sure that's all in a day's work for me
okay now we just got to find Maria Lonzo oh Kendall says phantom of the opera
fuck we didn't even get that in there sister loving country marriage cowboy
crooner phantom in the opera I'm a backstage
kumer that don't really make it doesn't really make sense but I do like saying
phantom I'm typing in real time she yelled from the other room phantom of the
opera okay and then these other words are here gooner could also go in there
we'll see if if he can always kind of free free line gooner in there all right
we need to find San Antonio Domingo real quick where is San Antonio okay this is
San Antonio Domingo San Antonio I hope you're ready for this because we do not
have much time we need you to get this right fast but I know you're a pro so
if anybody could do it it's got to be San Antonio oh wait that's San Antonio work
actually damn it that's one is a fully racist one second okay this will have to
do San Antonio thank you so much for being here pleasure to be here I'm
sending what do I sound like this is how I sound yep of course man I know how you
sound and that's exactly it yeah this is how I sound okay so that Italian sort of
French French I'm French Italian and country okay yeah I mean I know you're
telling me stuff I already know of course you're a fan what are we singing we are
the thing shaggy thank you so sorry I'm trying to load a number of things shaggy
thank you so much for subbing Kendall in for the first time ever to this
stream she's finally supporting case with a full sub given to her she I think she
has subbed to be far you know you've watched this no actually I thought you
were Italian I'm French Italian okay I thought you said you are a fan of
course man I said honor to work with you dude huge fan huge fucking fan of you
alright sorry there it is found it she's waiting you we you've got a hurry
sense and see you on a we're only hope we need you to just kind of sing this in
one go and just totally nail it and I believe in you I believe that you can
do it epidemic there we go I don't even know is the name of the song now don't
get confused there's only two choruses and no bridge in the song of course
matter in music yes quick running in scare Kendall before she notices you've
left your stream okay go I didn't leave oh man we don't have time there's no time
for anything we need to play a video game her case does apparently there's I
hear her from the other room and I'm making case rush it's not Kendall's
but I do think that we should try to end check check okay that the other
Domingo you are loaded you are locked and loaded and ready to go let's get you
some real headphones though these are just monitors I use when I'm not really
seriously making a beat when I'm not being totally serious about it but now
we're so locked in of course I'm locked in French Italian country opera singer
she enjoys the band rush I see we're all huge fans I'd love to work with those guys
that would be a dream come true it would be indeed forever one okay where are my
lyrics where are the lyrics for me Italian but mostly French Santiago Domingo
just a normal singer guy who loves music boom let's go now just know you won't
hear any effects on my voice but once this all put together this will sound
incredible what the frick I can't even see this please move it so I can see there
we go that's better we should sound pretty good I'll
throw some opera in here so get ready for that okay
alright I'm ready to go to the town town in Texas but also I'm an opera singer
that's okay for me though get the cheapest truck in I and a big spanner with a
real odd engine cuz I shenvies a tenor enough room for my girl and the dog in
the back don't mess with this for take as the family stack I'm a ginger
but the best as long ain't so panel but this talent is strong
and I boat shall and I ain't talking pasta eat make these fish cuz I can't afford
lobster tux in the autos piece of a wanna
line dancing at the opera tonight how are you doing because it feels so right
staccato kissing pecking and I'm loving my life whole time line dancing at the opera tonight like
oh
sit in loving country marriage cowboy crowner phantom of the opera I'm a backstage
Kumar looking in the deep with the diva side tonight as kihari are doing because the
star is so bright my mama makes me do these things the little door for 30 felonies things
got an opera banjo that I play real slow boy town cowboy marion
I'm alabama twain spitting bandra mystero because what the fuck you just edit this out
you know long dancing at the opera tonight well how are you doing because it feels so
right staccato kissing pecking and I'm loving my life whole time line dancing at the opera tonight I like
sing at the opera tonight
son Antonio domingo and I smear son Antonio domingo son Antonio domingo son Antonio domingo
line dancing at the opera tonight and I met it my sister that will do it for me
that was incredible man you did that so fast no one take champion is who I am and who I've always been
son Tonya domingo goodbye one more pass what that is not time son Antonio they've requested one more
pass okay but that's against who I usually am son Antonio I would never ask you this of you of this
normally yes but it was so good what you did that I I crave more I've heard that many times in the past
and I do love liars because songs are like tracks that's best when there's five of them okay agreed
here you go ready oh yeah me and all my people are out in the streets but for opera as well as country
the two go together like mac and cheese and peanut butter sister the fuck I forgot where the song starts
can we go again I don't ever do that but I forgot where the song starts okay
oh yes more of the song is happening in the country world but also the opera world
that's how it goes sometimes got a cheap bass truck and I am a big spender with a real loud
engine cuz that Chevy's the 10er not for all for my girl and the dog in the back I'm a
dream sort of already and I say stacked don't mess with this forte cuz the family stacked and
also the Pavarotti thing about being stacked ain't so proud of it shoot I can't do it anymore
I lost it I'm the only one take you just gotta relax you gotta relax man you're stressing out and
you're sounding incredible fine yeah you're doing great just do one more okay this time I'll be sure
to read the lyrics that are there that's the only thing I was struggling with was that the lyrics
here we go once again back again let's another time to sing again about the country
but also this time what about the opera which we do as well I got the cheap ass truck and I am a big
spender with a real loud engine cuz I Chevy's the 10er not for all for my girl and the dog in the
back don't mess with this forte cuz the family stacked I'm a dream sort of already about the
best day's long it's a panel in these roads but the tenor is strong I'm doing up a chalet and I ain't
talking pasta eat and make these fish cuz I can't afford lobster tux in the odd house piece if I wanna
long dancing at the opera tonight how are you doing because it feels so right
staccato kissing tucking and I love in my life whole town line dancing at the opera tonight
and like
since 11 come in every cowboy crooner phantom of the opera I'm a backstage coma looking deeper to
these divas eyes is tonight ask her how are you doing being the bright star light my mama makes me
because it's her thing the night ain't over till the family sings I got an opera banjo that I play
real slow boy talk oh boy Maria las rodillas Alabama twang speeding the bandra maestro
never gonna let this opera country stuff go because I like to sing at the opera tonight
hurry do it because if you saw right staccato kissing tucking and I love in my life whole town
line dancing at the opera tonight and like
and like this in June night but also opera style
what's up boys and girls you thought you just did country think again it's your boy Santana
Domingo here to let you know that you can do both believe in yourself and never have to stop back
from achieving your dreams and like the sea at the opera tonight at the opera tonight
very good that has to be it fucking nailed it dude get the fuck out of here dude I you I don't
even deserve to be in your presence anymore okay I thought I was thinking the same thing
but you took the words straight out of my mouth
count it up guys that's it that'll do us I'm gonna raid Kendall
it's a djc4 raid huge she's gonna be shocked she'll never see it coming it's gonna be a big surprise for her
it's gonna be a huge big surprise for Kendall let's send it her way oh right dude you worked really fast today and I gotta say
I am only gonna pay you for the for the 30 minutes okay okay man
okay man I am a ghost keep that in mind
you know okay I'll pay you for the full day that's what I thought say out of Kendall for me
djc4 raid I gotta spread we gotta spread some awareness I've spread some awareness for sure
we're gonna be in the studio booked man I can't get this place destroyed or my spirit
leveled with it we're gonna spread some awareness dude straight to Kendall djc4
where's bill Murray when you need him I keep calling him I left him 45 voicemails
and that number he doesn't have an agent isn't that crazy that's fucking crazy that's so crazy man
that's a crazy fun fact dude I love that fun fact okay thanks for hanging out thanks for being the
best well we'll do therapy or some shit eventually but I gotta mix a whole track right now so I'm
like really busy say hi to Kendall for me no time for a secret stream bye bye boom
please watch to Gus first what the hell what did she want