Case Blackwell said also the donation over 300 bits will automatically trigger text-to-speech for whatever the message I
Hello everybody
Yeah
We got some very minor stream upgrades
While Biden can sometimes appear
There's like a cool down in effect. So I'm not sure how
That will work
But anyway, that's the thing the mods can do and also I don't know if it actually said it
But if you donate over 300 bits just be warned it will read whatever your message is
I don't know how to make that a command. It'll just do it
um
But you know
You gotta donate a bunch
That is the text-to-speech I truly need as someone who perpetually does not think heart audio cables enough for there for sponsoring us
Thank you so much. Go to heart audio cables.com code quio
for all your audio needs
They've been sponsoring me this month and I guess for two months now
So thank you so much to heart audio cables. Go check them out. They do have legitimately great cables
And good to see all of you if you can hear me. That's why because of them
Uh sabrichi greg to you card king junk dog gearless Joe nomad matt ladel live and sleazy sabrichi
Mr. Whoopee boo boo not cases brother
Others msg. Good to see you
You're ready for the crumb back and maybe
Yeah, maybe today's the day. They're tied
So if crumb wins the oh my god
Listen up jack
Microphone or just mama james 750 surely tasty corn is united nine to say this
I support whatever's going on here
Hmm the little saying your message thing isn't working or putting it up there
Here
But there's a lot happening on the screen right now
I'll fix whatever the not showing your message thing is
Oh my god, listen up jack card king adjustment of jen 300
Tasty coins and I've been dying to say this
Don't be sorry by the rocks that I got
Everybody's raw inputs coming off. Oh my god a lot no matter where I go
They know where I came from from the Bronx
I think I like this text-to-speech thing actually it's providing the chaos. I truly
It's a matter of 13. Just man a jam 300
One thing I can do before you go behind me say this t-stand
Are you about to force me to spend all my bits on this crazy shit and not a high tree remember a little high tree?
This is working as well as I hope um
Oh, yeah, baby
Okay, we're gonna try to update that to actually show your messages, but it still might not
Anyway, the hype train's happening
I've ever seen indian news. You're still gonna have flashbacks
There aren't a lot of noises happening right now. I guess let's see what the hype train's doing
Um hype train. There's a lot of stuff going on on the screen. I'm assuming you're fine with that
Um, that's where you're wrong case
The focus should be on me
This should be all about me the hype train
Is it about me still? I mean you're still all over you're still here. I am here and it is all about me
Can you see you? I'm thinking so much for the bits propelling me to live
Please don't say that. Can I survive this time? Please
Please let me win
You guys you're begging too hard lately
You used to offer a service of hype for wraps and I don't even know if you do that anymore
Is that the service you're over? I don't know if that's actually a service, but it is the thing you you'd tend to do
That's true. I do tend to wrap
No, maybe you can stop me from rapping. Thank you all so much for the support though
What do you think you're real quick for the support though? Let me thank you real quick
But surprisingly polite, let me thank you a little tiny tiny buttholes
I don't even why do you think they're small the guys this chat's got this tiny of little butts
butts or holes both
And then we're so proud of them. I'll go feel thank you for 100 bits exterminator. Thank you for the 300 bits
A card game. Thank you for the 300 bits microphone for this
The destructive one for the tier one. Oh my god propelling me to life
For untold minutes, uh, two minutes, maybe longer probably two minutes
Give me a two. Give me a give me a countdown rap. I want to countdown trap the
Count me down
Do that. I'm doing it. Okay
It's called countdown
Oh
Five four three two, I don't know how to count because I'm too fucking dumb a hype train
All right
We're gonna wrap this shit all the way down from 20 hype bitch. Yeah, you know, I got plenty being a big boy
Yeah, but since I turn fucking 20, I'm adult
Yeah, I'm a fucking dream. I've been rocking this shit like I'm a sweet 19
It's no hassle. I'm the best. Yeah, you know, I claim the man
hype train
I'm on that lean
I've been on that shit since I was 18. That's illegal
Yeah, that's true
A hype train still coming down
What are you counting down from 17 was the next one? I'm not done. I got plenty more numbers for me to count down from
16 I'm too elite. I said daddy. It's my birthday better make it sweet now. I'm 15, bitch
Hit the bricks
Student idea this shit uncle fail to case land 100 this all damn day. Here we go
14. Yeah, I'm hopping in the pool like I'm learning to swim while I'm in fucking middle school now. I'm 13, bitch
I made the grade
13
I can't down a day as you can tell
Check the fucking smokestack smell. I'm pumping out pure
Adulterated hype
You want some hype?
Bitch, I might where was that? I think you're on 12 12
I tried counting down giving them hell I'm in 11, but my name is not
11
I once knew a guy named Drew Blevins. Don't dox people. That's a name. I made up that is not a real person
Okay
Better than apple devil cutting down way more than 10. That's why a hundred fucking bits for me to lick
It faded out, but still and check out this shit
I'm licking the ghost bit
Hmm
I'm so fucking fine that I'm gonna have to go with 69 like nice
That's right
You didn't make it. I did
It's level three dude. We made it from the bottom of level three
What's up, jack?
Card came in just now. I'm a jam 300 shiny tasty coins and I've been dying to say this
I Joe Biden here by tagging octrain for a presidential debate and the democratic non-nomination for president
Made me lead us to a future prospering
Yes
Yeah, I'm bringing back the man city
I'll fucking relate because I got that audacity
Like I met an audio
I go
Hike train on a presidential fucking flow
Give me a topic that
I can't debate. It don't matter if it's hot or if you can't relate. I will shut it fucking down
Debate plow
Take the other candidate straight to pound time
What do you want to debate?
anything
What's better
hype or love
hype is better than love
That's true. What?
It's way better
It's been here
That's the thing that I already fucking knew
hype is better than love that you know that it's true because hype goes
That makes it better because the hype goes
Okay
They're better based on noises and choices
because hype goes
and love goes
It's still just noises. It's way more than noises because hype goes
and love goes
Which was hype and which was love there the fact that you can't tell shows that you're not qualified to be in this debate
Uh
You're forgetting to thank people again. You're too busy just ranting
That's good. That's because it's all hype and I forget the love
Because hype's better. Well, you're fucking it up. Oh, well, I'm I also can love I'm just saying hype's better. Apple Apple
Thank you so much for the hundred bits
Level three. Is this the highest I've been in a minute. Yeah, you keep dying pretty early, which
I you know, I
Don't know. That's good or bad
I do know that your graphic seems to suggest if they reach an unreasonably high number something will happen
I mean, I didn't say that
Well, who said that if they reach an unreasonably high number something will happen a little graphic
But that sounds probably you then
That probably is on me
Give me a harder beat than this. I want like
You want to see this hot bouncing mask
For the for the balaclava beat
Are you a balaclava fan? Yeah
Whoa, he's still alive that was close
That was dangerously close to level four
But you guys protected yourselves. I think that's smart. There we go. He's nice and dead now
Kendall's here. Kendall. You want to say hi?
Whoa
Cleveland is saved. Yeah
It's Cleveland's doing just fine. Thank you all so much for the bits
Uh exterminator card king apple to apple tamtrant for the five
nasty five drop
Uncle phil exterminator again card king microphone 900 destructive one. Thank you all for propelling that hype train tip
Who knows what level four three three or four what kind of news channel is this?
Um, that's a really fair question
But I I do occasionally do things that could be construed as news. I have this graphic at least
Things have been happening. I swear. So we'll get into some news so that I can claim that I am doing that
Um, so I guess let's uh, let's give that a shot
What's up, man?
It's good to see everybody
You can't stop using me, man
You have a little magical sparkle on your shirt. It's just love, dude
I actually think love is better than hype. Although I'm partial to both
With a slight preference honestly honestly, dude for love
That's great. I left at that joke. I swear
Uh, that's my preferred. That's better than lol being like I swear or I'm dead just being like I swear to god I left
I fucking swear
I've I swear that I love all of you in chat
um
And that I'm here for you
And that this story might be hard to get through because it's not all love. It's some people disliking celebrities
but just don't stress because
In fact, the matter is my name is tyler
And um get it close on my face
What the frick?
There it is. There is my music
And I will get through this knees together, man. It's not really difficult news. It's just
It's just celebrities losing some followers and that's hard for everybody there because
Everybody wants to love one another and sometimes you gotta hate celebrities because
Um, you don't though
Sometimes people think they do but they don't and that's what I mean. I'm here for psa that even though they're celebrities. They're so worthy of your love
Well, I mean, I think there might be a reason they're not receiving nothing, but uh
But pure love the love's always purity. Let's get into this news
Don't worry, man. This is a news channel. I'll make sure you'll make sure it's news. I got your bad case
I know you're terrified of the news, but I'll do it with you
I'm doing the wrong kind of stream if I'm terrified of the news
You gotta face your fears. Why are social media users blocking celebrities?
I wish I knew
But honestly dude, in fact, Marius, I don't
You're supposed to read the thing to tell us
We're gonna get to the new we'd get to the news then some social media users are calling out celebrities for what they say is
Inaction in the face of a humanitarian crisis in Gaza
And they take into a block out to pressure the stars to take a stand
And I'm on the record taking a strong stand here and saying
We gotta love each other. That's we gotta love each other
That's not a stand
They might you're gonna get blocked Tyler. You're not even a celebrity, but I'm gonna block you. What?
We gotta love each other
For the block out users put a blocking on seeing any all content from the accounts of certain celebrities on social media platforms
Including acts
big talk
Instagram
Some have posted about the celebrities they block using as such as hashtag block out hashtag block out 2024
Hashtag celebrity block out while others having shared posts for users lambasting attendees of high glamour events like the Met Gala
And and contrasting it with the situation in Gaza
Are those things are those things related?
The Met Gala in Gaza are they could can you compare and contrast those I learned how to do that in school
Well, there's certainly some
Asynchrony there I guess that both of those things are happening in our reality, but I yeah, they're not too similar other than that
You could argue it's sort of a symbol of our great American excess
as is the
genocide
Um, you they're not that you just don't don't worry about it. I guess. Oh great
Um, did you hear about that lady that was trying to get people to block Gina?
Did Gina did Gina fired back hard on that on that biz norge?
That's an that's an approved way to curse because it's fun to say there's no orange. I used to write
You're never going to believe this I used to write ukulele music
You believe that? Yes
And I once wrote a song called called smark my biz norge
up
It was the ukulele version of I don't even want to say it because the song's so aggressive, but smack my
A down other word up when I turn it around. I made it into like a ukulele dream, man
You guys are you are welcome to block Tyler and me. That's fair
No, you're not a celebrity. So you're doesn't that make you feel safe? How unfamous you are?
Yeah, it actually does. It's a real benefit here
Um, although I guess I'm openly in favor of the protests
I can't say I have much of a platform to use to support Gaza, but I certainly I certainly do I guess for the record
Oh, that's really important for you to clarify case. You've done a great work here
Yeah, I definitely yep. I'm doing yep. Yeah
Are you making fun of me, Tyler? No
block out participants say
block out
Wait, shouldn't he be black out? No, they're blocking up. They're blocking them up. Oh
Say it's a protest because the celebrities either haven't spoken up
Or haven't said enough against Israel's action in Gaza during its war with Hamas
Not like case. You just cleared it all up for us
Tyler
No, I'm being so sincere
Since the war erupted October 7th with Hamas's deadly attacks Israel's military has killed more than 35 000 people in Gaza
According to Gaza's health ministry, which doesn't distinguish between civilians and combatants
And I don't distinguish either to me whether you're
Whatever side of the gun you're on. I love you. That's not a tenable
position
Tyler, what if it's the only tenable position if we cause get on my level
Look your brother look your brother and her sister in the face say
You're killing me. I love you. What would that do?
It may everybody be like, whoa
You're telling me if someone did that to you while you were murdering them, you wouldn't be like, whoa
I don't think I would say whoa. I think you would
Anyway blocking the accounts of celebrities or influencers means not seeing any of the content
They produce on social media. Oh, that's such a bummer because I sometimes I'll see a celebrity and they'll be like
At a party or they'll be wearing something fun and I'm like good for them and it makes me feel good
Yeah, you that you actually like that stuff. I love that stuff
Or they'll be like promoting like a like a food box of like snacks that can get sent to your house like on a weekly subscription service
I'll be like that's crazy. That's fun for them
I love that stuff. You love celebrity influencer posts. I love that stuff
It's all love the number of people interacting with content brings in money
So the blocks are meant to affect views engagement and alters mainly paychecks
The blockout is also meant to target celebrities brands by taking eyeballs. Oh my god. It's so violent
End attention away from their content
Who's being blocked? Not case. He's safe
Because again, you're just not even remotely famous. Kaede kiyoka. Thank you so much for 13 months of support
I ain't even been here that long. I just know
For me
Yeah, there it is
I love it when you sub so much
It's a show of love and I send it right back to you. Just know I'm not there physically
But if I were I'd be giving you a big warm hug and I whisper in your ear. Thank you
Just do that for me. Give yourself a hug and whisper in your own ear
Thank you
How do you whisper in your own ear?
I know you gotta whisper a little louder. So it reaches your own ear, but still make it whisper volume
There's no single organized list of celebrities being blocked. Some users offering celebrity suggestions
Sorry a little bit of hate cut cut in my throat celebrities in the us and beyond have been named in the blackout
This sucks to read
Why it's just I'm like bored, man
I say that with love but like
What what do you mean? What I just like what is it? Why do I have to care about this?
Well, you don't I mean, I think it's
An a valid form of protest though. I mean, it's it's not is it the most meaningful form of protest to like
Block him Kardashian. Uh, no, probably not, but it's still something. I mean, also I'm in favor of probably not
endlessly staring at the same
Celebrity content whatever that is will Smith doing a tiktok dance
I'm in favor of maybe people watching a little bit less of that
But he loves to dance to the latest trends of the teens. Why are you hating him? I don't hate him for it
I just don't want to watch it myself
Anyway, I say I guess block away
It's that's fair
I have all forms of protest are fair in my opinion
And this is but this one's just so vicious because like those celebrities kind of as people would be like
What's up with them and now they're not
That is what's happening. I guess, um, this is a tiktok trend. I'm curious if we if we look up
What is it block out? Please? What kind of stuff we get? What's the top tiktok video on block?
Here's a guy talking about it to people of this app who are doing the celebrity block trend
Where we're just straight up blocking these out of touch with reality celebrities
I commend you. Oh, listen if there's anything that I'm good at it's being a professional hater
So if you're telling me that the block celebrities who can afford
$75,000 a ticket to the metgala while the rest of us are out here trying to keep our heads above water
I'm all for it. Let's take down. Why are they drowning me?
I do have one question though
Why is it that we can't take this same energy and put it towards people like politicians or greedy ceo's
Why is it that the only time that people can band together is when it's trendy to do so on tiktok?
Like this whole celebrity blockout thing is a wonderful idea
Hey, that's a good point, all right
And their revenue streams will go down. It's a brilliant idea
But what about the ding dongs in washington past bills in the middle of the night?
What are they benefit their geriatric dinosaur wallets?
Could we not all get together and do something even crazier like i don't know
Maybe refuse to pay taxes or maybe we pick a month where guys kind of going off
He talks for two minutes straight millions of dollars a year, but their own employees can't even afford rent
I just wish we took this same energy that we have on tiktok to block celebrities or annoying influencers
But not the people who have actual impact on our data. Think about it. There was a girl on this app
Hope I believe her name who made an insensitive comment about not wanting to date a guy
Simply because he was a guy that worked at a pizza place and the entire internet came for this woman like a storm
Not saying she didn't deserve it
But what I am saying is when our political leaders say something stupid or when these greedy CEOs
Do something stupid or say something stupid. We really don't do anything about it except talk about it
So look, I'm all for the celebrity block trend. Let's make us regular folks the celebrities
Okay, let's block them and give us some of that money so that we can better our lives
But at the same time let's start coming up with some actions to band together
To block the people who have actual influence on our lives the people who have been doing a pissy breed once
Because I'll tell you what if I have to continue paying four dollars for a single hash brown at mcdonald's
I'm gonna start swinging to the people of this. Oh
Dude, I'll be real like he kind of said it all man. He said stuff that I feel like you're trying to save it
He said it like faster and better
I mean, I do agree with most of what he said
Yeah, he just said it like a lot faster and like I've got it more you got it
he's saying like
Dude, we're all we all want hash brands
Well, how can we're not how can we don't direct all that hate?
Towards the person that's locking up all the potatoes
That's sort of what he said
But I mean he didn't not a not with a hash brown metaphor. What's the what do we mean metaphor?
Let our potatoes go
Whoever's doing this. He's upset
I'm upset honestly
Let our fucking potatoes live
Like what did they do to you? I'm not mad at you and I love you whoever's locked them up, but
Free our potatoes. He wasn't talking about he said hash browns cost four dollars
And dude hash browns should be everything should be free. Um, I mean that would be nice
So why not potatoes why potatoes first? Why not potatoes first?
Maybe take that no out of your heart and use another word that ends, you know potato
I love all of you. I think we covered it. I don't know if we did cover it Tyler
As usual, I don't know what we offered here
Love and respect to all of you and thank you so much
For being with me and for and free the potatoes with me. What are you gonna do to free the potatoes? I'll probably go
Well the next time I see somebody I'll be like you hear about potatoes
Just the the potatoes were not the focus at all. And that's the problem. I'd say
It's great to see all of you. I'll be back. Don't worry. I'll probably like
If I hang around there's some granolas
Like a trail of granolas leading into the wall, so I might follow that
Tyler stop getting close to the wall. That's where Peter is
And Peter is just another name for a guy I'd like to know
Because I would I mean I never seen any meeting people and what and a name is Peter. Anyway, okay, that does it for me
I guess I'll see. I'll see you soon
If you poke Tyler with a stick will he
Will he evolve into a homo sapien?
Yeah, if you do a rock candy or whatever that thing was from Pokemon to make you auto evolve
I think he might I think he's close
He's close to being human. He's not quite there yet
He's the world's most handsome handsome
proto human
Well, then might be giving him too much credit actually
Hmm
Hmm, okay, we did have some requests from the last stream that I didn't do
Um
We might have to do conspiracy type tomorrow because I'm having some slight
wig issues
Wigs being uh, you know the old political party. Um
But we'll kick it to the streets. We haven't talked to we haven't talked to trip in a minute
And I I feel like that's bad form
Because I it's a way to maintain his sanity is to
Feed some opinions to him. Otherwise. He's just a man living in a park
So I guess let's send it over there
If you've got an opinion throw it in the chat trip
You might not know how this works, but he can find your opinion on the street. He's just that good
Uh, so let's see what his deal is today. It's trip on the streets
Oh, yeah, don't worry. I'm fine. I've never not been fine
I'm the finest man alive not not physically. I'll admit it. I'm not the most handsome
But I'm the fine in the traditional sense of the word. I feel so fine all the time
Uh, if you've got an opinion, I see already some are populating into our beautiful chat throw them in there
I love to find them
And I love to locate them out here on the streets
Um, so just throw it in there
Case says someday he might make this into a command is a thing that he texted me on my cellular phone
But for now, you just gotta throw it in the chat and um, and my imaginary producer here her name's imaginary will, um
We'll find it
And then I and then I'll find it on the streets
It's beautiful the way it works
It's flawless the way that it works
Okay, let's see who's out here today
I'm certainly curious. I love to see what the what the streets have in store for me
And I see someone approaching right now. Um, so you there, uh a person place or thing
What is your deal and would you mind talking to me?
Would you mind talking to me? Please? Oh, they're walking away
Come back, please come back
Sorry, I didn't mean to alarm you
Hey trip
Yes, I missed the big mouth billy pass. I want them to make a comeback
Okay, not as popular as they were in the early 2000s, but just back in the in the wild, you know
Can you make it happen?
Big mouth billy bass in the wild please trip
I miss him every day
Are you sort of one with nature? I'm guessing no, I'm not. I'm one of an inside guy. Really? Yeah
Aren't you in the V?
Are you calling me naive? Did someone kidnap you and put you in a tank recently?
Um, I blacked out a couple weeks ago and I haven't looked in a mirror since you should go check out a mirror
I did notice that whenever I walked by an electrical input
My tail kind of whips into it and then I come what?
Yeah, I've noticed that's been happening to me lately. Okay. Well, maybe look in a mirror then. All right
I guess I'll go check that out
I'm not a mirror guy, but I have noticed that I have a tail. You just you've noticed you have a tail
And it connects with
People play electronics
It's just whipping around grabbing stuff and then it makes me come. What the fuck well just
It's sensitive
Not like I'm not outward about it, but it just I do. Oh my god. All right. Fine. It just go look in a mirror
You're in a V. I don't know what that is. All right. Well
I think you've been a victim of a military experiment and your real body is in a tube somewhere
That made me come that that that
I my tail snipped kind of moved around and you might notice it's on your ankle. Oh
Oh, I'm filled with your thoughts now. Yeah
Damn, that's pretty hot. Yeah, right? Wow
It takes more than that to get me but wow, you've got some stuff up there. Yeah, I really do
Okay, well, I'll go look in a mirror
Get let him go tail
He won me over in the end with his deep well of erotica in his mental prison
Let's see who else is uh on the streets today. Who's got an opinion for trippy b? I would love to see
um, hmm seems to be a theme of
Cartoon people today. Are you there? Do you mind talking to me? Uh, I'm trip bradstein. I'd love to see what you've got to say
Hey
Hi trip. I'm guy gilligan and I'm the I'm I'm from renerton
Hmm. All right
Munch cut was the best mayor we've ever had. I think it's a disgrace that people are supporting this crumb guy
Just you watch when crumb wins. He's gonna hatch
into a giant fly
Or something
When crumb wins, he's gonna hatch into a giant fly. I mean, he looks like a larval sack
Can you deny that? Well, you have a giant you have a magical symbol on your head. You look like the avatar
Yeah, I'm guy gilligan. I'm this reality's avatar. Sure. You're the avatar for this reality. Yeah
Well, I'm seeing in I am also a tax guy you're a you're a tax man and you are the avatar
Well, I mean it doesn't pay to be the avatar in this reality because we don't have any bending
Then what makes you the avatar the tattoo
And the calling I received a message from an ancient being
Shape shifter ships. Thank you so much for keeping my sanity going with this 18 months of support
Also, it looks like we might be full on opinions for this week
If you've got one brewing thrill theater throw it in still but we might be a full up for now
Um, you can't just say you're the avatar. I did I was called from the spirit realm
They said you're the avatar for this reality
But heads up that doesn't you're not getting anything
And also can you help me with my taxes and the answer to that was yes
And yes, I get yes is all around
Anyway
Did you want to ask me anything else?
What do you have for breakfast?
I skip breakfast actually
I'm um
I'm doing intermittent fasting. I don't eat until two that's going around lately
Not lately. That's how avatars live intermittent fasting and a strong diet a strong protein diet
That's what makes you an avatar. That's it's the bending that makes you an avatar
At first, it's your diet and intermittent fasting and bending is a bonus
All right. Well, I'm busy. I'm I'm busy
So if you guess if you're not going to ask me questions about being a tax attorney then fine, whatever
Wanted me to ask him about taxes
it's fucking
May
I don't have to think about that shit for a little while at least goddamn
All right, let's see who else is out here
The streets are busy today
What the what is with people today?
Look at this. Okay
trip
It's me
No
Rob Alvey. Have you heard you look
But drastically different than as as always
Listen on top thrill 2 the new coaster at cedar point. That's what I hear discussed. So shut your fucking mouth
Well, that makes me want to talk look point is
The new coaster at cedar point
Is banned. Oh great. All right, and they're banned. Okay banned from riding because they're having problems banning people from life
Top thrill 2 has too many problems. You might say with death
of riders
These these happen when you let anyone ride you got a band trip. You've got to ban. It's about safety
Listen folks. It's about safety. You need to protect yourselves
And this is a public service and also you're fucking banned. Of course, you're bent. You're banned from everything
Get out of the park, but get out of the country
And certainly get out of my amusement park. This isn't this is a public park
This isn't a park for amusement, which is my peri-effect for tees and your bands
It's handsome jack in disguise. I'm robby alvey
How many people are named this just me?
Are you looking right at the camera? No
I'm looking at you. You're looking at the camera. I'm looking at you
I'm looking you right in the eyes. You are looking
Straight across the park
Don't look at me. I'm not looking at you. I'm looking at trip till let him know he's banned
I'm not looking at you
Not looking at you in there
Parking. I'm not looking at you
All right, you're banned from this interview get out of here. What you're bad
I have more authority over the park than you because I know
All the pigeons and I will send them after you
You know, all right. All right fine. You win this time, but I'll be back
Wow, that worked. Why is he so afraid of pigeons?
Usually he really bothers me a lot more than that. All right. Well, whatever
Let's see who else has insane things to say to me trippy bee. Um
Oh god
This could be me from another dimension
Or it's someone else. Uh, let's see what the deal is either way
Hi trip
Uh, hello, I wanted to see where you land on the whole tom brady being a crybaby bitch boy
Well, if you don't realize what roast was before then why would you do it?
Oh, because he's he doesn't want to do another rush to protect his kids
Which kids is that?
Uh, his kids you you you can't protect him from charity. They're gonna laugh
Are you okay? I'm great
Mr. Beast
Mr. Beast now mr. Beast manager you're you're mr. Beast manager. Yeah, I manage his baseball card collection. What?
I'm big sports guy and a mr. Beast guy manage all of his baseball cards. Are you okay? I'm not gonna ask
If you're gonna ask you I have mental issues the answers. No, I just got big eyes
And I'm I'm I'm tired of fucking tom brady. Just not having a good gross of thicker skin if you're gonna throw them pig skins
Um, well, I mean I agree. It's sort of silly to agree to do a roast and then be such a little wimp about it
Whispering at people not to say that you're boss massages people when that is a thing that people are obviously gonna make fun of
Yes, my boy. So I mean I do agree with you. I don't know
Mr. Beast's manager
man
Yes, that is him
I got teeth. I do have ghost teeth
How many people here have conditions where they have a ghost living in them?
Well, I don't have a ghost living in my teeth. Only my teeth are haunted
But they're really haunted. I hear the wails of hell through my teeth
I've got the souls of six men living in my mouth
I don't even think you're the first person to say that they've got a haunted mouth on the stream
Not a mouth teeth
But it's not like they're in the cavity they're in the root
And there's no getting a ghost out of the root of your teeth. I have talked to
uh
orthodontists
And orthodoxodontists
Who are orthodontists that do exorcisms?
Stomach titantana
Yes, well, um, thank you for your illuminating opinion. I do agree with you about the tom brady thing
I do think he should get over it. I mean he doesn't he doesn't have to do another roast
He could have just not done another no one was saying tom brady round two
I was I said bring him back out
But this time the roasts are stones and we stone him to death
Okay, well, that's a little more extreme than I than I was going to say
I would like to see that though ever the top comedian in the country stoning tom brady to death
Well, that might be why he doesn't want to do another one then I take it back
Yeah, make her cry with the stones. What the jokes is what?
He's so so scared that he will he could be like, ah, stop hitting me with stones. That's not comedy. You wouldn't laugh
No, you're murdering a man with stones
I think people would find that pretty funny like a roast master general, but it's a real four star general
And then this first our general stones in the day. Okay, you're just a violent. I guess no
Comedy subjective exactly wherever you will
All right. Well, thank you so much mr. Beast's manager
What's your name club
All right. Well, that makes sense. Anyway, club out
Do you know the number of a good ghost teeth exorcist?
No, okay. Well, I got to ask everybody because you never know and you might luck out by so far. I was striking at you know what I mean
Hmm. I don't know what he means
But thank you so much for the hot opinions everybody. Sorry if the people on the streets
Don't always live up to them
Sometimes, you know, they share your opinion. Um, but not your
Sorry, I thought he was coming back for a second
Maybe left a couple ghosts behind. Anyway, I see at least one more opinion in here. Yeah, we got
um
We got one more opinion coming in
Uh before we get out of here for the day, uh, excuse me. Um you there
My god
so many
Creatures today. Do you mind talking to me? I'm trip bread steam and I am curious. I'm definitely curious
Um, are you going to murder me because you're a magical creature?
What the
Sorry, was that I thought I thought you were something worse
Are you taking my can you take the form of whoever you want?
Trip, I'm sorry. I'm late. It's me the guy
What the fuck
I'm shape shifter sips hired to travel to the west coast to talk to you in the park
Are you a fucking shape shifter?
Here's the thing. I completely forgot what he told me to tell you. Can can you just pretend?
I gave you a really cool opinion. Otherwise, just just give me some thoughts on
Gig work or something gig work. You're barely holding on to to
Reality, what do you mean? I feel
I feel great. Oh my god. Stop turning into me. What did I do? You're straight up me with brighter eyes
I see everything
Under the sea and over the sea
Jesus christ, this is
You're a lot to talk gig work. What's the deal with gig work?
Oh my god, very squid field over here. That's not a good one. That's not a pun. Okay, well
um gig work um
I mean, it's it's nice to have as a sort of last as an option as a ripcord if you if you just need work
But they tend to take advantage of workers
If there was somehow gig work where the workers were in charge of sort of the apps and the overall infrastructure
I think it could be a really positive thing. Um, but instead it it feels like a real greed machine to just
remove the last ounces of of of worker protection from
general labor
But hopefully hopefully if it gets big enough, uh, maybe there'll be some sort of new form of of like online
Yeah, I'm bored now. I'm bored and I will return to the sea
That's where you're from
I'm also from minnesota the seas of minnesota. Well, I'm from the lakes
Of minnesota. There's a couple lakes and I'm I hang out at all of them
I return to the lakes of minute. What the fuck was I supposed to shake pifter asked me to say something
I can't remember. Sorry. I did come though. Thank you for the flight. You took a flight
You took a flight all the way here and and you're just blowing them off. Yeah, well, you know, you forget sometimes you forget
Goodbye trip. I return to the seas of minnesota
If those are si that's a siren that I don't know what the fuck all those ancient Greeks were falling for
I'll be because that one would not lure me
Whatever that was it would not lure me into the briny depths
Of whatever is good of its briny depths
Because I didn't pan the camera down, but it's whole bits were out. No pants were in effect there
They were winning the pooing at very hard
There aren't even celephalopods in lakes. I mean, I I guess who knows what it is
Maybe it turns into a normal minnesota fish
Well, thank you all for the opinions today. Thank you for the first time opinion
Um from our tom brady friend
Uh, oh, I can't find it. I can't find the actual screen name, but thank you so much
Chat got away from me
Love to see a new opinion out here on the streets
And love to see all of you sending me your brain waves keeping me probably not sane, but certainly keeping me mentally engaged
between my sessions of
befriending pigeons
um borrowing people's bicycles
And drinking lots of pond water, you know me the usual things I do. I'm a man of the streets
I won't be leaving them anytime soon and I'll never be leaving you. I'm trip bread scene. I'll see you soon. Bye. Bye
Whoo, this is the noise it makes when I shut my hair
But it's clean I swear
Fresh water snails in minnesota. Oh, we gave you an opinion. You gave me an opinion on gaza
That could have ended the war
I'd say try again, but
Flights to la are very expensive. So I get it if you
If you just can
I totally get it
honestly
totally get it
Sometimes I forget I can zoom on my face, but I can
All right, let's do another news at some point. We'll probably do a debate
I'm curious if today will be is if today is the reckoning for munch cut
um
But maybe we'll break up these segments with a little bit of news
Um, if you're a new viewer and you have enough points
For an absorbent fee of 5 000 channel points you can request any segment
Although if you're a new viewer, you'd probably be like what are any of these?
And that would be very fair
Also, I'm gonna upgrade those soon too
This is I'm on a slow mission to uh to to make my stream more functional
And I'll do it. Damn it. What are the is the text to things still working for me? It was only working occasionally. I'll test it again
Hey
I'm working hard, baby
What are you?
Case blackwell said him working hard, baby. Oh, it does work
Okay, good to know. Oh, yeah, it's important to also know if you can hear it. So as long as you're hearing it, it's working
Not cases brother said check check jack. There you go
I think it sounds some kind of cool gun, but it should just queue them all up and go through all of them eventually
It's supposed to be biden at me
Well, if you heard biden, then you're good then you're good
And it's probably working
All right, let's uh, I guess cover a little more news
Let's see what else is going on in the news world. I'll look pull it up. Oh my gosh card king deep inside me
I love it. I love it. Listen up jack
Card king and just mama jam 300 shiny tasty corns and I've been dying to say this
Sorry, I smelled the moment so I've been wanted to get a big woof of that seaweed scent, but I guess I'm too late
I'm so sorry. I could try to get the mermaid back. Although honestly, it's not a mermaid for very long
Um, it it whips in and out of being a
Squid person a mermaid. Are you a mermaid if you have a squid head?
Mermaid just mean you're half fish
I'm not sure
So shapeshifter, unfortunately, I do have it on mod only for tts
Um, not because I don't want you all to be able to talk just because if the stream was only biden popping up and talking
It might be hard to do anything
I could make the bit requirement lower
Um, because it does amuse me having him pop up, but
Maybe for safety. I want also there is a bad word filter on there
Whatever that means it wasn't really clear
but
I also I think I have an eject button here if if if he's trying to say anything crazy
So the also I guess keep that in mind
And in the meantime we'll um
We'll send it over
To our news team
Cover another story
You know, maybe we'll maybe we'll use another one of our new correspondents
And just see what's on their mind
Let's let's kick it back to some news. Oh the fuck are we doing?
I knew I'd be back. I knew I'd be back. I came here once. I said, I'm fucking trapped
It's uh, yeah
It's seven elbows himself
Tommy seven elbows
I don't even remember your name. Well, we didn't decide and you said you hooked me up with a nickname
And then you didn't
Oh sammy seven elbows, sorry
You forgot my first name. Um, well, you know, you only here was a Chevy. So I'm everybody's favorite new guy
The reviews were in and people fucking love this face. Um
They're going crazy for it. I don't know if there were any reviews sammy
There must have been a couple. I just don't know. I don't know if
Correspondents on this weird twitch stream inspire reviews the reviews were positive. Okay, fine. They were positive
Honestly, I probably brought you in
To talk about the wrong type of story looking at what I have queued up here
I might have some
slight requests about using you
Never have regrets man
Uh
There you go, there you freaking go
We've reduced this headlined on to something that actually fits and that's me doing work for you. Uh, thank you so much sammy
Biden does stand with teamsters and that's why
Don't fucking come from my team. I know he stands with the teamsters
Oh, really?
I feel like I fucking hate the guy. Well, I mean a lot of us do
But I guess he does stand with the teamsters. Well, shit. I guess I can't then
I
He's fine in my you're fine in my book. He won you over. You got my fucking vote
Maybe don't slip up. Why did he earn your vote? He's with the teamsters. You just heard that in chat
I'm easily convinced. I'll admit that I'm easily convinced
For instance, Epstein's been cloned. Oh
You're already convinced sounds like the kind of thing he'd do
You're saying he wasn't I don't know. I mean it sounds a little far-fetched
Well, what about him doesn't
a man
Who owns an island of kids
Uh, well, yeah, I mean that's not far from it's not exactly it, but yeah
Yeah, a journalist who brought Jeffrey Epstein's notorious black book into the puck
Can you imagine an island made out of kids though? That's not what he did
Sorry, just distract the thing. You can't believe he had an island of children
You're telling me he didn't are you one of those people doesn't believe that kind of thing
Not that part because that part is definitely
I mean, you know what finders keep reading black book in anyway, someone says he cloned himself
And they made an extraordinary claim and they wrote a book about
Nick Bryant author of franklin scandal which chronicles sex abuse among the super rich
published the tycoons infamous book of contacts in 2015
And the all sorts of people were on there like Chris Tucker never going to get over that one
Um, that's the one you're upset about I'm a huge Chris Tucker guy
He was really disappointing to see him on there
There are some other fucking guys, but I mean I just my eyes zoomed right in on Chris Tucker. I was like no
Yeah, I mean that one's not great either
And he has now brazenly claimed that Epstein had cloned himself before his mysterious death in a new york jail cell
Speaking to podcaster Shawn Ryan
And that's that's one of the podcasters. I respect the most
You know who I do know who Shawn Ryan is. I don't
One of the best. I mean, I can't even say that. Whoa
Check this shit out Shawn Shawn Ryan show
Trust this drive
To make sure that the franklin scandal got published. I read that there were other girls that knew about
It wasn't that that grand jury hadn't indicted him on a single count of child molestation. I started investigating and
um
I ended up with Epstein's blank book
But see worded all those images flying around. I'm just like take my brain, please
He just he can have it. Also, we thank card king for the 300 brits. Uh, well, we biden did
But thank you card king
Keeping you fucking honest. I do appreciate that sammy
Why the book gotta be black. That's a fair question
I've I'm on the record is saying I believe racism
I used to not
Nick pointed out that the first mammal had been cloned nearly 30 years ago and significant advances in biotechnology have been made since then
He said what will prevent you from cloning yourself?
Ethics would be one thing but these people don't have ethics
So it's just a matter of time and obviously they don't again an island made out of kids
I got a six billion dollar plane
I just don't understand how your brain absorbs facts or how anyone's on this fucking news team does
That's because you ain't got an eye for facts or or or brains
What's 1.5 million to these guys? It's nothing
So unfortunately, there's probably going to be little Jeffrey Epstein's run around in 20 or 30 years
And here's one of them right now. I said look how big he already is. No, that's the guy who's saying this is
Can you prove that a scroll down?
Nick. Oh, okay, his name's nick not Jeffrey Epstein
But I got my eye on him. There's a little Epstein in that guy. Oh, he wrote a book on him
Well, there you go. He wrote the book on him
Nick added that Epstein's victim Juliette Bryant who went to put went public with lured tales of life inside the sex trafficking sick empire
Claimed their eggs and other genetic material forcibly harvested while she was at Epstein's new mexico ranch
She claimed she was drugged and then woke up in a lab surrounded by doctors. Oh
That's fucking that is fucking every every trip I take to arkansas arkansas
I got some fucking business in arkansas whenever I go there. I fucking
Wake us around my doctors
Please god. I got some family out there
What the fuck?
nick believed that this may have been connected to Epstein's interest in
transhumanism
The science of hacking evolution to produce a human more suited to life in the world of tomorrow
They can't even leave our fucking genes alone
ShapeShifter wants to make a joke about using that money to make the island basically disneyland lua kids, but I'm worried
I'm gonna learn something like there's playground equipment there
It lose your fucking lunch. I mean
I've seen pictures. There was a there was a temple that was very bright colors and kids love brightly colored temples
I don't I don't think kids are super into temples
It's love a good bright temple uh avcp333. Thank you so much for the 16 months
I mean that looked like a kid's temple if you put a bright enough colors on a temple
Catholic church does the same thing. That's why they got little kid churches
It'll be like it'll be like a play pits and stuff really bright fucking cathedral
I've never seen that because you're not from new york
That's I've been to new york. Well, you got to go to the right pass in new york where there's catholic churches for kids
called GZ cheezies
GZ cheezies where a kid can worship jesus that you're making you just are you're having dreams and thinking they're real again
Wait a fucking minute. Where the fuck even am I right now?
Oh my god
What even is fucking real?
islands made out of kids
kids made on an island
Chris tucker on an airplane doing the fifth element voice
These dreams or are these visions of a different reality?
I don't even just
Whatever man
I was having a moment. Were you?
I mean, I mean, what even is a moment? Okay. Well, just keep reading
I think that if law enforcement ever took this seriously they could dig
Then you'll find some very interesting stuff
I said that about this case for a long time
He added the long-term goal of many transhumanists is to achieve a perfect blend of biology and AI
Saying we're probably not that far along with transhumanism, but the transhumanism to go forward
We're going to need people to experiment on
And there's an epstein victim
In a just sort of disturbing juxtaposition of images
I'm surprised you know that word. Um, you okay, sam? I don't think he's okay
The anymore of a moment Trent would have to cover it as cinema. Yeah
Human laws don't apply to clothes
Is that true? I mean, why would they I don't know? I mean
Is that kind of an assumption that we wouldn't just give clones
The general rights of a human they're fucking clones
Are they even human?
I mean, they are just a clone
You don't fucking know. I guess to be fair. I don't
specifically know
But I mean if it's cloning like animals, he basically just raised someone that has the same
Genetic material they'd still be a person. I look like the Batman villain the pelican. Are they casting?
I'm not an actor, but I will act. You're not an actor, but you will act. I will absolutely act
I've been waiting for that call from hollywood. I've been told I got a face
Like people say it with a lot of emphasis. You got a face
I guess that's true
And so maybe they what they they just forget to say for cinema. I don't think they're forgetting
Jason Statham could be my stuntman
Good luck keeping up with me
I do fucking crossfit you do crossfit. I go to a fucking crossfit gym all these young fucking kids
All these fucking tight clothes. I go there in jeans
And a sweatshirt
You do crossfit in jeans big fucking baggy jeans big sweatshirt
But I keep up
These kids are afraid to sweat they're wearing sweat wicking clothes
Huh, it's a workout the way God intended him baggy ass jeans in a huge sweatshirt
It's like Goku and weighted clothes. I don't know where you're going or hoku is but no
It's a belief that epstein and the super rich men that were part of his social circle saw themselves as above the law
And he continued when you molesting little girls
That's just a hell of a sentence to read. There's no line in the sand that limits what you're willing to do and not willing to do
There's no ethics. There's no morals
I agree if he does that he could be doing anything. I mean, well, they are different one is awful
But it doesn't mean that you can just do that that you're capable of doing
I mean, it means you're capable of doing anything. It doesn't mean you have the resources to do everything
Although I guess epstein probably would be one of the people with the resources to do this
I just wonder what any of this is based on. I mean, can you do let's scroll around and see if there's any kind of
Semblance of of uh proof here. You're going to do whatever you want whatever
Okay, saying that he's got reasons well. Epstein's girlfriend a guy's laying the Maxwell remains locked in up in a low security federal
Prison in Taylor hessie. I've fucking been there Florida
None of the men accused of sexually abusing minors as part of Epstein and Maxwell sick in a circle have been
Had been prosecuted and who knows how many of them is clones. Well, a lot of them are former presidents
And clones
Probably not but you don't know
My eyes move to unnaturally. What do you mean? I can't see my own eyes
Oh my god, I can't see my own eyes
Can you ever really see your own eye?
Can the black mirror see itself?
Does the black mirror reflect only your soul?
In the great
Okay, stop cutting off my music, please
Oh, no, I think I have to
Well, we need to re reconciliation commission yadda yadda. There's Epstein. That's cool as far as we know. That's the original
Well, also who's to say this is close to what I work out in what?
What just picks this but way fucking bag here. I don't I'm not saying I want his style
I'm just saying you can work out in this in this kind of stuff comfortably even extreme crossfit
This is a respectable crossfit outfit and I wish they'd stop telling me that I need to wear athletic wear
because I already am
Cowboys wore jeans and they were doing
I don't care about your crossfit, man. Well, you should because I mean I could hook you up
Trying to lose some weight. I mean sure but well come with me
Get yourself some nice baggy jeans big sweatshirt. Come on down to lupotitos
Cross torture. He calls it. It's called cross torture
Fucking brutal. How he does to me? I love it lupotito. Okay
you know
According to the nick there are hundreds of names listed in the Epstein's context book
Although the wealthy section. Well, we already know that don't we?
I mean, I told you fucking Chris Tucker. Yes, you've said that multiple times
Um, well, just I'm just scanning for what you would call proof. I already believe him. You already believe him
I already I'm already right there
Lawyers acting for just lame Maxwell advanced federal appeals to court dismisses sex trafficking conviction. Okay
And then they just kind of ran out of stuff to say
There's probably proof in the podcast
There's probably proof in the podcast. I mean you guys don't just say stuff like this just to say it
He's probably met a couple of the clones and he's like fuck. Can I get you on the record? He's saying I'm I'm I'm Jeffrey Epstein's clone and they're and they're like
I'm busy
It's hard to be a journalist
I'm finding that out in real time
We're not doing journalism here. Are we not because I feel like we just broke a huge case
No, we just read a daily mall article
Do you think there's a higher ringleader still out there who's got
Compromat on everyone in the book
I mean honestly if the book involves so many
High-profile names, it's really hard to say
How deep the well actually goes I I don't think we got a complete picture of what was going on. That's for sure
I think lots of people involved are still at large and lots of them are in very powerful positions. So
That's what I think and I think he's I think there's clones and you think there's clones
Why is what I'm saying crazy
But everything that he actually did he's not no everything he actually did is crazy. Just doesn't prove that there's clones
You're denying you're denying that even did anything wrong. No, but you're saying none of this even matters
That's what I'm saying. There's I just don't I wasn't convinced that he's been cloned
Diminishing is always well. Look, I don't worry. Fuck it. I'm sammy. I got you fucking back
I'm fucking on the hunt for these fuckers. He's a left-wing clones
I did. What do we say to the fucking ebs gene clones? I don't
Get the fuck out of here is what I say. Very tough extremely tough. I'm fucking tough on ebs gene clones
I'm not afraid to kill. I will fuck up ebs gene clone. Um
So stay the fuck off my streets ebs gene clones you come around my block
I'm gonna be making an island out of out of a middle-aged pervert
But I drown you in the fucking Hudson River. We're in LA
I'll fucking fly him out
Stay the fuck away from me ebs gene clones. They're not when do you think they're gonna walk up to you? Who knows? But I'm fucking ready
So good fucking luck
Sammy, what's my nickname? I think we're stuck at seven elbows seven elbow. That was the original one. Did we not pick a new one?
Stay out of 77 elbows fucking neighborhood ebs gene clones. I will
I have the bite of an alligator
I tried to make that my nickname is didn't stick
Sammy alligator bite
But I'll fucking I'll I'll bring that nickname back for these ebs gene clones. All right, we get it
You'll beat up the ebs gene clones. You fucking get it
You fucking get me? I guess
I'm ready for the ebs gene clones to be in the nfl draft. No
Get out of my fucking nfl draft. They're they're not gonna be in there. Sammy. Oh, who's to say?
I don't know how big or old they are. Maybe they make some nfl in them
They make some they put some nfl in their dna now. They're fucking great at football
um
Fucking
They've got the brain of a billionaire
The genitals of a pervert and a pedophile and the throwing arm of tom brady
What based on what are you saying this? I fucking who knows?
But i'll fuck him up. I will fuck you up like a like jeffrey ross making a massage joke
Robert
This is a pretty good nickname. All right, I get it. I get it. You're gonna fuck up. Yeah, you'll get it. Yes, okay, because
Don't make me show you get you all fucking are you an ebs gene clone? I know
That was took too long chat that took way too long for him to say no too fucking long, dude
I got my eye on you. Okay. Well, thanks, Sammy. Thank you
How would we know if he's a clone exactly?
How would we know card king?
Uh, because we're speaking truth to power aka this ebs gene clone over here. Uh, micado hit us with the follow. Thank you so much
I don't think that's why they follow
But thank you for the follow. Don't you fucking speak for them
You fucking ebs gene clone. Oh my god, you're believing this now. I don't know what I believe, but i'm open to
So watch your fucking back and i'll keep watching the fucking chat you little fucking maniacs in there
You got little names and shit. It's so fucking fun. I uh, I you're on fucking tonight, but chat
I got your fucking back
sammy seven elbows micart and robert the eyebrow
The alligator bite and i'm just seeing with what sticks so far none of them
But we'll find me a nickname someday and have yourself a good damn fucking sammy
Good point. He does have the strongest clone vibes of anyone
He's the most cloney of all of the weird things I have on this stream
Who is he to say i'm a clone?
Sammy got the eyes from an old no fear t-shirt
A constipated no fear t-shirt. Oh my god, I wish I had a no fear t-shirt that just said constipated on the back
No fear on the front and then on the back it just says constipated
He looks like so many people it is a that he that is an unsettling one whatever's going on with sammy is an unsettling one for sure
sammy the witch
Maybe someday we'll vote on his name. Maybe we'll do a big poll for sammy's name
But for some reason my chat just says connecting to chat, but it's still working
It's a little fun behind the scenes for me
All right. Well, um, we've been going for about an hour
I guess let's uh, let's step up to the guillotine guys. Let's send it over to munch and crumb
Munch could win
I'm just throwing that out there if he wins today
Then he doesn't lose if he loses today, then then he loses hard. He loses his lead for the first time
And I don't know what that'll do to him
I'm almost afraid to send it there
But I think it's time
Uh, let's send it over
To our intrepid debaters. It's time for munch and crumb
What's with this fucking stream title?
You think i'm at all worried that i'm actually gonna lose i haven't lost once is the thing you people still don't understand
I feel zero fucking fear. I know i'm in the clear
I would be in the clear except there's a giant obstruction to any kind of happiness or sense of
Just sense of safety or or civility
An absolute mongrel and mutant that is in my peripheral vision that I don't I don't dare speak his name because it makes it real
It's this fucking disgusting piece of shit crumb. Oh, say what you will
What i'm saying is
It's fucking time
Idiots you have crumb is your promise
Welcome to the age of Leonard crevius is crumb age of Leonard crevius is crumb
That doesn't fucking
Oh my god, what do you think?
What do you think you're gonna do to me?
But you think I care. I think you care
So much about the number. I think when my number get big
Your number gonna get evaporated. Your whole spirit's just gonna be broken. You I ain't fucking
Hey, I'm not and no I'm gonna win
You you really think I think the debate could be anything today
And they're just curious to see you spit roasted
You piggy on the roast
Spit roasted
This is what's gonna happen chat. If you let him win just more of this
Confidence plus this man is not a good mix
He needs to say insecure and weak or he's just gonna keep saying shit like this
Spit roasted. That's a sex thing man. You're making it sound like i'm getting double fucked
You're like a piggy on a stick over a fire. It's barbaric, but so are you?
Loser has to bottom
I'm not afraid to fucking bottom out power bottom this man's whole crotch off
Obviously, I don't want to have to have sex with crumb
But honestly, if you tried to if you tried to top me
I'd probably buck you against the wall until you shattered like a fucking lego
thrown by
professional baseball player
Oh, and I am the one at a loss. No
Don't do my voice. That's my impression of you. No
It didn't shut anything like me
What are we even debating? I actually doesn't matter. We could debate is two plus two three and they're voting for me
I didn't even mean to write an idea. Oh my god. Don't vote for him. I'm warning you chat
I mean, I just don't it's not safe
I just don't you can't let anything go to this man's head because then it has to live in this man's head
And that is a punishment worse than death. Don't condemn anything to live in this man's head
All sorts of things live in my head. My love for my beautiful wife. Yeah
Um, I do think I actually have one of rfk's worms in here
Because I did have lunch with him
Um, but I don't think it's eating my brain. I think it's just it's a
It's in homeostasis. I'm one with the parasite in my mind. You're admitting there's a fucking worm in your brain
It runs your name goes to the top of the scoreboard if you win right
No
This is gonna go ahead and let and not let you get your hopes up for that one
No, but and I refuse to ever let that happen actually and also and it's not happening
It's it's just just so it's so guaranteed at this point
It's so guaranteed. Nothing in this life
is guaranteed
But but me being freed from your bullshit when I when I never lose which is what will happen today
Well, anyway, I don't know if there's a particular debate people would like, um
Belulia my beautiful wife belulia. Oh, Jesus that poor woman
One of the worst names and the worst husband ever to match
Is it is a ducks ash water tight? Oh
Yeah, no, yeah, what not? Well, yeah
That's really what you want to debate or for your for your funeral debate
For the end of you. That's what you want to go with. You should duck-shash water. Why not? I'm not fucking worried about this
You I know you're so I'm dude
You think I take this just so serious
But the only thing I take seriously is that I wish you could get exterminated
I wish that there was a number I could call to exterminate you. That's you sound like a Nazi
Nazi
So bricks he said I Joseph Biden
Lord the winner of this debate with the role of president of the United States. I'm all lose time to step down
That's huge news. It's not the real Biden. That's I just I don't like him to me
There's a lot on the line here. I would obviously be president over even Biden would be like well, not him
Who's the best debater debate?
See, he knows he's gonna lose and not what doesn't that sting
That I will be both the best debater and surpass you in the same moment
In the same breath. Why do you talk like okay? That's fine. I will win that
Because I clearly am the best I know I'm better at this than him. He's a miracle whip talk to you. Please chat
I'm not stressed
I'm not stressed
Choose each other. I'm choosing me. I'm the best. Oh, you know what? I'll choose you too
I didn't mean to say that. No, you said that. Well, that's not an option. I'm choosing me
I might I was gonna say
If I choose you I would still win
Even if it was me if it was me on the side of you and you on the side of you, I would still win
That's too confusing. It is too confusing. You fucking idiot
This fucking idiot. It tries to ruin his own victory party with some confusing mess
Okay, look, it's it's fucking me
Look, I get it. It's cute. It's cute that he's weak. It's cute that he's a weak
Fucking mashed potato man
It's cute that a strong fucking
So a strong fucking breeze could blow all the skin off of this homunculus covered in fucking fried chicken skin
But that's been bleached. It's cute. Isn't it cute? How fucking disgusting you are, but you know i'm better
You you fucking know i'm better chat
I'm filled with the vitality and fury of life in a way that's been never could be and you're gonna vote
You're gonna you're gonna have to vote for your fucking conscience here
Okay, because if you actually let me lose this man, that's on you chat
That's on you. You are letting yourself sink to that level and I will not slide into the fucking muck with you
Like a goddamn unicorn in the never ending story. I will be the fucking dragon in the sky that survives
I will not be the sad fucking horse. Okay, so vote on the horse that matters. Which is me much horse the king
Jesus christ
Listen, if that didn't talk you out of it, then I don't know what will I don't have to scream and rant at you
To prove that i'm the better debater. I'm the only one that actually uses facts
I'm the only one that ever has any semblance of decency in this whole place
So absolutely chat
Do vote with your conscience for the only person that actually has one on this stage
Me
I'm the one with the conscience
Say that's what you that's how you're gonna defend yourself by saying fucking barf
I
Fucking barf on you sir
Ad hominem i'm barf on you you even know what ad hominem means
Don't fucking ghost hear me
It does not need to be this close. I know you're playing. I know you've been playing for a minute chat
But you don't it does not
Need to be this way
It doesn't have to be this way. It is this way
It is this way. Okay, jack. Um, well it the way it is is um
I'm still so close. Oh my god, he was so
Confident it could not have been closer. It legitimately could not have been
That means that
Sort of like even if you ever managed to to match or break my score
It kind of already proved who the best debater is
Absolutely. I will beat my chest. I'm fucking I'm fucking mad. You're gonna hate that movie about the cool guy who does well on
Wall Street. Yes
Fucking King Kong you're stupid ass
Prediction results is yes
Everyone was with me. I don't someone you congratulation on your super pack
Uh coming out for you at the end there, but
Y'all suck
They suck it on the titty of excellence today big j-dub. I'll take that as a compliment
It's
I love it. I love it. Listen up jack microphone and 900 just mama jam 500 shiny tasty coins
And I've been dying to say this I voted for chrome. Well, there you have it
What does that prove?
biden had my biden had my you you why do you think?
That's really biden because it turns out like him. You off of my munch. It's my mountain
It's literally named after me. It's fucking play the god damn dayblade track
You're not voting anymore. Well, if you were gonna vote for chrome, that's one less vote for chrome
He could enjoy it while you can is what I'll say
Enjoy it while you can
Everybody loves an upset and I'd like to point out that the upset here today is people are upset that they have to that they have to listen
To your fucking bullshit or one more freaking minute
So everybody is left to be upset everybody loves to be upset. I guess as well. It's fine
Jen is fine. I know we got I know we got this
I know we got this together together america forever, but the whole world actually and um
You know when you fall off you were yelling about horses
Fall off that horse get right back on the horse
The horse is with us all the horse. I'm on the horse with you. We're all riding a horse and um
The horse fucking stumbled today and it shattered spine, but um
It will be right back on it's only one point actually things. It's only one point
Well, we already established uh that that doesn't
Why do you got
Didn't we debate this and then the everybody agreed that one debate per stream is
I'm licking my lips you licked your teeth
You only licked your teeth. I'm I'm salivating
I'm licking I'm smacking my lips
That's not how you smack your lips. What are you? What would you like to see us debate? I'm big j-dub
You sneaky you're so sneaky you did sneak but well, how can he pop how yeah, maybe he ties me maybe nobody doesn't but
I'm not like I'm always having to deal with the shame of tying this man twice because I know that I haven't
out of points
well, uh
When you're backs against the wall and your superpacks out of points
What you have to do is lean on the fundamentals of debate
Which is actually uh convincing. We've never convinced anyone up, but you haven't
You don't need to convince people things. You just need to get them on your fucking call to personality
It's all cultural. It's fucking signifiers man. It doesn't matter what we say people have already made up their minds
Just gotta make them think they're on the cool side
And there it is. There's that fucking nihilism not nihilism. I believe in people more than anyone
I believe that we're fucking sick and cool as shit
And and and we gotta do whatever's cool. And what are we even fucking debating? I don't know
You're just ranting better spider-man miles repeater
miles well, oh
That makes me sound slightly racist
Jp. No, why would that make you say it's just I like miles you're reducing them to their race. No
How does like the fucking soundtrack more?
I'm not but I guess to you. He's just a race. He's just a race on a spider-web
From being racist makes him sound right. I'm not racist. I just I also like miles. It's not kudji's black
But if obviously there's no issue with him
Well, I know I would look and well, I'm actually I'm a real debater so I can debate both sides of a topic actually
Um with with the respect and charity it deserves and peter is destroyed spider-man, so I'm fine if there's an amada mind making that poll
There's am I making that poll you are this this fucking man. He hates miles because of his race
And reduces him to his race
Uh, well look, um
Can you turn off your fucking graphic? Is that an option? Please?
Only because I asked myself nicely in my head. I said, I yeah, I guess I could look I mean chat
I sorry that I said it first, uh, I also don't think that you're cool enough to actually like miles morales more
I think you're secretly a total peter head. You'd like a fucking
Little boy next door. Oh, I got powers and I grew pubes. That's for you
That's what that's your fucking deepest wish is that you could be a 15-year-old with pubes and said you're a 45-year-old with
Fucking propitia and hpv and so of course you relate more to peter fucking parker
But miles morales. He actually has been through shit. He's got a fuck need to just lose an uncle
He lost an actual fucking father
Oh, no, my uncle who's ever been fucking sad about losing an uncle uncles are great. Yeah, well
I'll tell you who's fucking greater miles morales because he's got an actual connection with his family
He's got an actual connection with his community. He's not just some fucking white kid from
The where was he supposed to I think queens nobody fucking cares about queens
Miles is from fucking harlem, which is way cooler. It's got way better graffiti
And uh, the soundtrack is more importantly way better the week and put some tracks on there that absolutely slap
He's better because of the fucking soundtrack and he's just cooler. Let's just fucking face it
He's like the younger. He's cooler. He's a little less like
I got you venom. There's venom in my punch. He's more like fuck you venom
I'll fucking beat you up. You piece of shit. That's not miles has never said that look
Okay, they're both great spider-man obviously
Peter though, however, is a more classic original spider-man
Sometimes you just can't argue with the classic, uh, you know new pepsi wasn't good for a reason miles is great
But ultimately, um, he's just a recitation of the same idea. The basic fantasy is a teenager who gains powers
while previously feeling like he had none and uh, you know, of course the seminal line with great power comes a lots of
responsibility, that's not a fucking lie
Well, it's close and uh, the point is, um, you know, you can even race what peter. It's not about the race
It's just about the the the most basic form of the idea is in fact, peter and
Oh
You said it with you you're getting used to my song
Do you want to see a barber about your, uh, rising hairline? It seems to rise every time you lose
Like the tide should be reaching for you, but the moon
You're trying to insult my fucking hair using the moon
Back to square one and I bet someone's too much of a coward
To dare debate me three times in one day. I already beat you fucking one
So you're not scared to debate me again
You'll fuck this
Fuck this. I'm not gonna fucking walk on eggshells because your little fucking imaginary score is closer to mine
Whatever. Oh, fuck you. Yeah, I'll debate your bitch ass again
You're being brave. It's not fucking bravery
It's not it's another fucking day. It's another fucking walking the park for me
I live next to the park because I live I live in a fucking big mansion and it's just a scroll through the park for me
Whatever you fucking want. I will crush you with fucking anything. Oh, I bet
Let's do the next debate in about 20 streams you need some points
We could remove the point system really make this honest
I mean, let's not be crazy. So you're scared to remove the point system
I'm not fine
The thing to realize here is I've never been scared for a second I get excited
I get disgusted my excitement and disgust might come off as
You're crumb believable. That's that's a miscarriage of justice. His victory music was still playing over this is crumb a little boo-hoo boy
That what's his pants, of course
Well, I'm on the side of he-he
Well, what um, oh shoot. That's way behind though. Well, too fucking late you goddamn idiot
Well, I'm on the side of he-he cuz that's funny to me. It's fucking funny. Um, like I'm not too big and I'm not too proud
um
To stress about uh, someone making a joke at my expense. Tell me I pee my pants. That's fine
I mean, I'm enough of a man to know that I don't so if you tell me I pee my pants, you know what I say
And I say of course
Of course you actually do that's the difference between you and me to you
Everything's just a fanciful fucking flight of fancy. You said fancy twice fanciful fucking flight of fancy
Is that is what everything is to you? But I take this shit seriously, okay?
I feel it in my fucking core if someone says I pissed my pants
I stare them dead in the eye and say I will piss down your fucking suit
You say that and they're always in a suit because I deal with highly educated and um, the captains of industry
I stare that fucking captain industry in the eyes. I say I will
Piss down your suit and they back down every time due to my strong elf energy
And that's the difference between you and me. You could never pull off a power move like that
They say you piss your pants you look that businessman in the eye
You say he because he knows you're fucking weak. He knows you're fucking cowering
He knows that you're scared to actually confront him meanwhile
I will literally just start pissing everywhere to prove a fucking point because I don't live by fear
I'm like you which is why I accepted this debate even knowing that chance playing a game with me
I accepted it and I you best fucking believe I'll go down swimming even though I'm not going down
I'm actually going back to the top where I'm never leaving. I'm still there right now and I never let that end
I won't always show
You're fucking getting red because you know I'm right
I'm getting red because I was laughing so hard at the thought of you peeing your pants, sir
I don't pee my pants. I will pee
down
Your suit
I think he's pitching himself right now because I think you know it's fucking over
There's no coming back from this
There's no
Always having a heart attack. Oh, please fucking die before this time. Please fucking die
He's having a fucking heart attack. This isn't oh wait. Why are you so calm now? I'm just laughing. It's the fucking music
It's a longer pole
You should be more excited. I am excited
Here's the Disney movie if I was actually going to surmount an unsurmountable goal
I would be screaming in your face. I'd be fucking throwing poop around the room like a monkey. Well, that's all horrible
Here's the thing
The reason I'm so excited to beat you is you're actually horrible everything you represent is is negative
You're a net negative human you're like you're like the worst parts of human nature distilled into a boring
poorly wigged
Fucking just fucking buffoon. Okay, and and the fact that you would proudly act like you're
Yes
I could fucking die now I can die satisfied
I could die totally satisfied. I just ejaculated. I just screamed. I just bled
Everything is happening in my body things you say
Your twister tails just give you away the things you say
I'm Leonard crumb. We believe you the things you say
Your twist details just give you away the things you say
You're crumb believable. What was so far from where it
I'm not even close
Anybody got a cigarette
I don't even smoke but I just fuck so good. I think I need something
You're crumb believable. Oh, you're crumb believable
Hey, are you there? You're crumb believable. You're crumb believable. Oh
Oh, I never say but turn on my because I want to say something to you
However terrible you feel you deserve it
You should register this pain
I wish I could say grow from it. I know there's zero percent chance of that. So just let it sting
I hope you're wounded in a way you don't ever fully recover from because you're awful and you don't deserve to be happy
This is what we've been waiting for look at him. He doesn't even know what to do
He doesn't even know what to do. He's at a total loss. It's happening. The breaking is happening
So I didn't the horse is being stapled
Permanently
Call everybody's parents and tell them that they're gonna be late for god, I win
Oh god proof of from the parents to stay out to see me win and they are going to
I don't have to actually but I don't even have to actually but the thing is I didn't
Wait, what are you doing? Where are you going? Where'd you go? Where's you going?
Can't just
Not allowed to do that
Where's he going? I mean it doesn't matter. I'm not surprised. But where's he going?
Shit fucking white great kazoo looking motherfuckers. That's about as likely as oh, not a bottom out of rabbit in february
Something they think that I can do
Yeah, I guess I'm gonna fucking fucking Jason Stefan got surgery to be ugly then drowned between like a person
I didn't fucking know obviously I didn't that dog don't fucking hunt that dog has got a reassert
That dog is now hunted in 25 fucking years and when he did his front legs fell off
Now he's got the cute little wheelchair things you feel kind of bad, but he's still fucking not a hunting dog
Is my fucking poise Jesus Christ
Ralph Munchens
Bitch the pantheon of munchens. What the fuck do you want?
Yeah, well I'll tell you what the fuck I want you in violation of our terms motherfucker
You lost that's not a thing we do bitch you in violation of my terms you live in the fucking sky
The sky fucking rules you up there looking like you fucking if your floaties work too well
You floated into space bitch. Yes. Yes. I floated into space. It's the coolest. There's stars and stuff fucking Chloe
Bitch looking like you ate a nightlight. Listen. I'm not the one on trial here
You're the one that lost to a fucking talking golf ball, but a soft golf ball a golf ball that soft is what you lost to
Oh, yeah, I lost I lost to that bleach magic a ball motherfucker
Yeah, like somebody shaped a fucking sheep, but it was still white and also fat looking like the cloud people from
Mario RPG got the curse of flesh
Fucking mellow motherfucker. He does look like he's from Mario RPG, but with flesh. That's that is a good point
Looking like the inside of a little debbie cake spoiled became a person. I lost to that
No
Yeah, but the thing is you did lose to the inside of a little debbie cake, but a spoiled and then there is simply obviously
No forgiven that and you must be punished now looking like a fucking sperm forgot to develop. We're done insulting him
You are in trouble. Bitch. It's a technicality. He cheated. I didn't I didn't make the mistake do you should have cheated better
You actually let the score his score get higher some rookie move
No, you lost you probably lost you probably stuck down here and and and and
Fucking possessed me and you lost and this is a plot against me. In fact, that's exactly what's happened
Bitch, you probably possessed me to even have to waste my time talking to a fucking loser
Like you and you're losing the fucking
The point is that you fucking losing. I got a pun issue
Okay, I'ma strip you now of your munch cut essence
Oh, good luck with that shit. You take the essence out the munch, but you can't take the cut out the munch cut
Bitch, let's see how you cut up the baby boy. Yeah
Hey, yeah, it's magic time. Let's see how I do this shit
You don't don't you fucking
You're not allowed. Don't you fucking do this sky much bro? Don't you fucking do this? It's over, dude
I'm doing this right now. I will rebel against the gods. Okay. Good luck with that
You are unleashing powers. You don't understand. I got wizard stuff probably not anymore. You don't
Sorry, we lost the feed for a minute there once we're sort of just wandering around the studio for about three minutes
I think he's trying to take the sort of joy out of my victory
But no one can no one can dull this shine because bruce green just just gave us just give us a nice hefty raid
A nice hefty raid
And you guys are here for the best possible moment
If you're new to the stream, I just crushed
A long time rival we've been debating for over 200 debates
And he's he's been in the lead. I'll give him that I finally
I finally beat his score. Uh, it should have happened a long time ago
But it's finally happened and I don't know quite understand why but uh, rel fear seems to have gone bald
Uh, which he is well deserved. Although I don't understand how that's scientifically possible
What's that?
Can you not are you really going to try to steal my thunder right now?
You're gonna try to steal my thunder
Well, I mean
I'm not trying to steal nothing, but
Uh, do we have an issue? Oh my gosh. Okay. Well, I did say I'd break him, but obviously he's gonna he's gonna play this up
Thank you so much again for the root or the the the raid bruce
again, this um
This might not mean as much to everyone. Uh, if you're new to the stream, but um,
just know
This is just one of the best days one of the best days you could have come
Because we finally set it right. I got me. Hey, congrats that that sounds real nice for you
Ralph, can you just who's Ralph?
It is the crummiest day of all time. You're not gonna you're not gonna
You're not gonna freaking garth brooks me or whatever Tyler just chris gains me. Okay
What congrats you changed your wig was it? Oh my gosh. Okay. Um, my name's ale
ale chrome chester
And this seems like a really nice place
Be nice. Uh, you just had a munch out of me
But enough bruce is just screaming a game where he uh, or he the player had voices in their head
This seems fitting. Well, I'm the voice in his head permanently and I don't think he's ever getting me out. I mean, uh
I don't feel like I know you that well, but I'd be happy to get to know you better
So I can sure you're doing you're going with the amnesia route. Well, no, I'm just I'm male. I'm male
I'm ale chrome chester. You just changed the name. I'm ale chrome chester
And it's pleasure to be here
Uh
The bait show right that actually hurt you
See you at the crossroads. I'm sure he's fine. Who's fine
Ralph, I'm sure you're fine. My name is ale ale munchester
Can we do it? I um
Everyone you have a very nice head. What you got a real nice is
Look, I'm not everybody can pull off no hair myself included
I can't bring myself to part with the sides, but you got a lovely you got a lovely scale
What maybe we should do a debate because we just got a raid so that they have any idea what's going on
I mean, whatever you want, man. That sounds nice
If you think you're gonna throw me by by by playing the victim here and try and act like you have some kind of
This is a great day
I win
but wow
And I just know that whatever you do you're not dulling that for me
There's no dulling it
Playing the exactly just you're not going to play some game with me because you
Had a panic attack and wandered around the studio for three minutes because I beat you. Okay
Uh, and if if you somehow actually shaved your hair, although that wind looks terrible. Oh, well
I wish
Let's do a debate. Let's do another debate. Let's be I don't know if you've ever done four in a day
Oh, wow, I never done one at all. Oh my gosh. All right. Um
Bruce vs. Casem
Uh
Bruce, uh, sir. Casem, I guess
Okay, well, I'll take the side of Bruce. Um, I mean, I'm a fan of both. Sorry. I don't mean to I don't mean to insult
Casem. Well, I mean, I'm familiar with both. They both seem like nice guys
Just know that usually he's a little I'm not going to say more fun, but he has a little more energy. Um
You came on a day
Schizophrenia vs. Multiple personalities
Oh, sorry, it looks like we already got Bruce vs. Casem going. Um
Well, look, uh, they're both very talented, but I do think, um
Bruce Bruce is arguably the more consistent streamer. He's been doing it longer
He's a regional attack of the show if for people who know and Casem straight 2.0 and and let's be real
Is the second ever is good. That's a great question for you. What was your name? Oh, my name is ale.
So I look, I mean, I'm not trying to I don't really want to have to insult Casem to up Bruce
I'm just saying you'll put the two streams next to each other. I'm probably picking Bruce. Well, I mean, I
I don't really want to I don't want to fight
Well, yes, but we are debating so
Uh, they both seem like really nice guys
I mean, I'll defer to you
Well, no, you have to pick it
You're not gonna you think you're gonna play a game with me
You think you're gonna play a game with me like this on the day I win
It's not gonna I just I'm too. I'm in too good of a mood. I'm in too good of a mood, Ralph
Ale
Casem's great. So I mean, I save over whoever you like
Um, you don't need me to tell you what to like
Probably I'm I'm unless you want not somebody to I don't in that case. I guess Casem. I like Casem. I also like Bruce
Please just you got you. Yeah. Well, I don't care what you I don't care. I don't you can do this do this
Do this because the thing I'm doing is actually winning. I'm about to win again. Oh, that's great
I'm uh, what are you winning?
Please vote for bruce
Well, I don't see this is just a result of of of of of months scaring away all the raiders immediately
Or or bruce would be walking away with it. It was a smart pick not that I picked
Uh pessimistically like that. I'm honestly a fan of bruce. I'm just saying if he loses. I really do I think it's because
um
Ralph al
Oh, did I win? Well, I already
There's only nine votes and okay, you won. I guess I'll update the score
You have a song you
Obviously, you know, you have
What he does
Maybe I'll update my score instead of yours. Oh, okay
I wouldn't actually do that. Um
Well, look we're tied again. So so you did it. So that proves your point. I guess that proves your point that
Victory is is fleeting or whatever. Oh, okay. What else do you guys do?
We debate you know what we do. Okay. I'm sorry that I'm sorry that case got such a big raid
While he's being such a stick in the mud. Just know it's it's uh that I I
Previously I briefly was in the lead. Um
So let's go to the movies that seems fair
Like you didn't ruin this I know you probably are probably internally internally internally celebrating because you feel like you've pulled one
On because it the the mood is shifted and it's
In an odd way, but just know I live in that oddness. I'm comfortable there
And you're not going to you're not going to break me with this dog and depressed pony show
Oh, look at Joe Rogan
What's he doing?
You ever listen to him? I'm not a huge fan. I don't I don't
I don't know. Uh current deserve to lose for putting pantyhose on his head
What was wrong with my head? Your head looks a little
That's a compliment. You got like a distinguished line in your head. What?
Oh god, is my hair returning? Oh
I don't mean anything by that that returning it it I launched it years ago
So like I have a painting where I have tons of hair
And then I I don't have hair, but it it gives me incredible strength
What nothing we go into the movies that was that
You were being such a bummer. Okay. Um
Look today was great. It's tied again. Maybe that'll fix whatever's going on here
Um, I'll take a look at my head. I can't see myself very clearly in the monitor. So
Apologies if my scalp is behaving poorly. It's fine. I like it is distinguished
Well, you look ridiculous for the record crumb munch
Huh?
You look ridiculous. What that's fun. You call me munch. My full name is
Manchester
Okay, well, um, do you do do you want to send us out for the day with that?
Would that make you feel better? Does baby need a lollipop? I'm an adult
I like lollipop. Okay. Have have at it. Whatever whatever
Uh
Oh fun. I'm playing music. That's cool. Um
I
Bye
Okay
See you
I do want munch to know if he thinks he's getting a second paycheck
He should work on getting a first paycheck first
I'm not paying double for the same insane guy
Assuming he's the same. I mean, it seems like that's the same guy. I'm not falling for it either much
Weird I'm covered in munch hairs
Uh, what did a crumb do to munch? So they've been debating for about a year now. They've done about 200 debates
Um previously crumb lost almost every time
Basically six straight months of losing
And then he just started he started the crumb back and it's been a whole saga. It's taken months, but he's finally
For about five minutes past munch in the score
And it seems to have mentally destroyed munch
Or he's doing a ruse
I'm not I'm not a good enough news analyst to tell
Honestly, Pippito, what do you think? I don't know. They look the same to me
Who looks the same every single person? I'm a dog
If you want to look we got a smells different
But everybody else is basically the same
That's beautiful. Yeah. Well, I don't mean it in a beautiful way. I was like, who are these people?
I don't know
Anyway, I guess the criminal is crazy. Well, yeah, that's the given and and thank you to Bruce for the raid
apologies for raiding during a plot heavy moment, but
Um, those are usually usually there's no plot or any real thing to track
at all
That's probably true. Yeah
You doing okay today, Pippito? I'm a dog. Oh, okay. You just got high before Bruce raided and you're having a moment
Yeah, this is not the most gentle stream to uh raid into all high. I certainly wouldn't want to be on like, um
You know anything stronger
It's well even weed would probably weed is actually one of the drugs that fucks with my brain the most
So I'd probably be better off being on like mushrooms
I've been smoking weed since I was like 25 because it sends me into a deep depression
I um, I eat things that are on fire. Does that count as smoking?
No
Well, yeah, I think it does if I eat enough lit cigarettes on my smoker
Stop doing that. Well, they go out in my mouth
I'm pro drug. I just can't do weed myself. I mean I would eat whatever weed so
420 chewing
And you don't eat it well while you can right edibles or something. Oh, that's true. You ever had an edible
I mean probably I eat any whatever
It's beautiful feeding you cigarettes. I mean, that'd be nice of her. Thank you so much raid dinner for for the follow
I'm Pippito. I'm a dog. That's true. That's our producer. That's Pippito. He's a dog. I am that's accurate
I don't know how much producing does I'm assuming I do all of it. I'm the only one
He is our only producer. So I guess he does all the producing
Let's send it over
To the movies then we'll Joe Rogan our way out of here. Uh, Greg G. Brian. Thank you. Uh, Greg G. Brain. Thank you so much for the follow
Uh, we're gonna send you Trent's way. Trent is a teenager
A very old looking teenager who watches movies and he's at the movies right now
So let's send it over to him. Dude. I appreciate case finally getting on my level of admitting that trailers are movies
I mean, some people will say we watch movie trailers, but I like his wording of it. We watch movies here
I would be more on the side of we watch trailers because you know
They are literally we're gonna literally watch trailers
There are full movies
youngblood
There's full movies you could watch. Yeah, but why would I when I have seen the trailer? Good to see everybody
Shout out to any bruce heads that are still amongst us. I'm Trent
I'm at the fucking movies. You know what it is. I mean, why would they know what it is if they haven't seen before
They fucking get it
I'm on probation and my probation officer is this guy. He makes me watch movies
That that doesn't make that is true, but it does not make sense just for the record
That's my girlfriend. That's my hot ass girlfriend. You might have just seen her
Kind of no problem. That's my hot girlfriend. It's cases girlfriend. No, it's my girlfriend
Oh, shit. Now we're getting into weird syntaxes. Whatever youngblood
Whatever. Yo, what should we watch suburban commando?
That why there's probably we don't watch trailers in a week. There's probably like new actual trailers
There's a doom prophecy official trailer
Eh, what but there's also a trailer for suburban commando
All right, we can start while I will start with what I want because it's it is my show
Well, I'm the parole officer, but yes, it is
Let's check out suburban commando
Because Chris can't fucking handle it, dude. He just can't fucking handle it today
Oh, shit. Don't play it. It's bourbon commando
Nice. All right
This is probably a new movie. I'm not sure but if I had to guess
I guess it's like a totally new film. Let's see what's up
Get to know the locals blend in. I didn't know which ones are the right
This is hot
Wow, I found a good one here. They have strange ways of fighting
You got any idea what we're gonna do to you? Let me guess
You're gonna power my face. Are you nice? This is the nineties. We're gonna see you. They have bizarre means of protection
There are dangers he's never seen
And enemies he's never known
I hate suburbia. Oh shit, Christopher. Why not fake him out? Must be a k7 force field. I'll break you out of there
Oh, yeah
Oh the undertaker
Do you belong to some kind of army or do you just go around doing good like some kind of superhero
Hulk Hogan, Christopher Lloyd. I was frozen today. Suburban commando. Why he was frozen?
I feel like we missed a good chunk of the plot there
Oh
Oh, what what the hell? Why are you in the interview room?
Yeah, the connection between comedy and Hollywood Jesus Christ straight into Joe Rogan
Apparently that counts as a classic trailer. Chris, you back yet?
Yeah, sorry
Undertaker was in that movie
making a
Some reason undertaker showed up for the reason of
hell, yeah
Punching people. What was that movie about a suburban commando? But like how so?
um, he's from the
uh
Future was he or I didn't. Well, he's in the suburbs and he's strong
I got that much. Um
He's that you know, he's punching mimes
um
If he's from the future, somebody could have warned him about some of the things he was going to say and tapes
He was going to release but
Even the future site isn't 2020. I don't think he was from the future. He's from space. There you go
Oh, okay. He's from space. Well, you know space is the future
I was just so distracted by the killer aesthetic that I barely could even pay attention to the important plot
Is it was a real that's a that's apparently a classic. That's a it's on the it's on the channel classic trailers
So who are we to say it's not
And I just like to see the undertaker, you know in his prime. No undertaker in his prime is
I would argue now. I think the older the undertaker gets actually the more he's in his prime because the more he looks
Like the dead man. That's fucked up young blood. No, but I'm saying that's his gimmick
He's the dead man. So like the deader. He looks
The better he looks
And there he's a little muscled for my taste. I kind of look him like a like a scary skeleton, man
Yeah, the closer to death the stronger he becomes. Okay, I guess by that logic
I'm not insulting him. I'm saying like good for him. He's becoming the more the dead man
All right, let's check out a dune trailer
Why not
I don't know the the way this is the trailer for wicked. They're tricking me
Maybe we'll watch that too
Is this the
Is this a series? I don't even know what we're in store for here. Let's see
That is like thunder and paradise
Before the universe would know us as the bennie jester
Oh max
We founded a sisterhood
Assigned to the great houses to help them sift truth from lies
We created a network of influence throughout the imperium
But power comes with a price
A sister one was free
Nothing is more important
Whoa, I opened up a sex fruit that makes it possible
This is us playing god
And we will be judged for it. Okay, sisterhood above all
nice
I like the dune movies because I've always kind of imagined the future as like a sex desert
And it's delivering on that a sex desert
You think that's all that's going on in those movies. Well, yeah, it's like a horny desert
You're like praying fuck or whatever. That's kind of how I imagine the future, dude
Plus a couple. There's like a couple spaceships. They fucking the desert and then they pray or something
Nice
Looks like this has more of that. I'm also a big fan of the voice
Because I could do it myself. You cannot do the voice young blood
I'm a bitch. What? Sorry. What just happened? Nothing? Um, let's see. What else? Oh, there's a wicked trailer
Well, I mean fuck that's how I describe trailers. I like so
I don't feel like that's the most up-to-date lingo young blood. Sometimes I question how young of a blood you are
You're very young actually. All right. Uh, yeah, let's check it out wicked
Let's see if it's fucking wicked y'all
Is it dealing this I don't know but maybe disease
Oh, I saved you some space by the way. Do you really think this is fair? I do not I was promised a private sweep
But thanks for asking
Please everyone take your seats in today's ours a real sorcerer who possesses true magic has become all too rare
That was you who made all that happen
How did you do it? I don't know. I've never known
You come with me, of course not you
You you're the one the wizard has been waiting for
glinda
You I know it's my granny's I'd give it away, but I don't hate anyone that much
Hey
You should join us tonight and don't tell me you have nothing to wear because you could wear this
I think you have a twink when anyone sings
Of course she does
She just pretends not to
I think this is warcraft yet
Someone's you to the emerald city
It's a prequel to the warcraft universe
Yes the full movie
The best way to bring folks together is to give out the real good enemy
You have no real power
That's why I need you
Don't let her get away this wicked witch
Oh, shit. It's the Dumbledores
Dumbledores
Broom
Should be afraid of me. Oh hell. Yeah, I like capes
That's crazy because I've always asked myself like what if wicked wasn't a musical and based on that trailer. It's not
But it is a musical young blood
Kendall, what do you think?
She gave it the thumbs up
They're just not showing the music for some reason
It is a musical it is why there were no one saying in that whole trailer well that they're hiding
Yeah, no, but he is right. No one was singing in that. There was no shot of a person's mouth singing really
What's that?
He has backing tracks
Did they show her dance?
I'm not convinced it's a musical. I'm sorry Kendall. I just I'm not convinced
I mean it is obviously musical. I don't know why they had this strategy when marketing musicals to
Barely showed the musical part. They did do the same thing with that. Um
Mean girls musical was very late on the actual musical part of the musical but
If you like musicals, it could be a good one was Ariana Grande doing an accent
Kendall's Ariana Grande doing an accent
They said Kendall says she's mimicking Christian Chenoweth. I did detect a hint of some kind of performance
So that's great to see
Is our is ariana grande a good actor?
Honestly don't know
Well, she started as an actor technically you know like a disney actor. That's more about like she can probably do it
If you're famous enough you can't act
Oh, really? Yeah, that's not I mean many people know like if you get enough followers, you just can
Yeah, she's been on Broadway, dude. Stop talking shit. Chris. You're talking shit
I think she seemed fine in that
I just couldn't tell I couldn't tell I couldn't place the accent. So it took me out of it
There was it was buried. She's just doing like a little bit of an elevated voice
She dealt with Dan Schneider. That's true. That takes
At least perseverance
You thought that was Nickelodeon. Is she not Nickelodeon?
I think you're out of your deaf young blood
He don't know anything about these people and you should just stop talking about well look. It looks
Like a movie with great backing tracks to it, but they're going to sing those in the movie
Well, they should have shown that they probably should have shown that yes, but
Also, it's the most one of the most famous musical. So I think it's just understood that there's going to be music
I don't understand anything that is clear. Uh, okay, let's do one more
Um
You're cordially invited is this will ferrell or is this a different man?
Okay, here's primes hottest new
Something or other it's a trailer. Let's see
Let's get to work
I'm checking into the bridal suite. My sister is getting ready to begin. I think there might be a little mistake
Kenneth is back. Oh, no, we've double booked your weddings. What?
I've got the situation under control not letting go
Not insane. Like uh, let's get something straight if I look out on that dock and that bride's not my baby girl
That bride's going in the fucking lake
Splish-splash bitch taking a bath. I'm gonna kick your ass. That's gonna be embarrassing because you're big
And I'm a little calm. Let's just all calm down. Oh, I'm calm. Oh, I'm super calm
I think he's dead. That's not dead
As always I feel like it's important to remain agnostic with comedy trailers. Well, that's not the right word, but
I do agree. It's hard to
it's rare for there to be a trailer for a comedy that
Accurately represents it
I like will ferrell. I like people yelling at each other
You gotta love people yelling at each other
It was very short. I do appreciate that
It's a it's a premise for a comedy. There's no denying that's a premise for a comedy. That's a great point
Absolutely, that is a premise for a comedy and also I like will ferrell. So who knows it's been a minute since he's been
Is the last movie he was a lead in that
Eurovision one
Oh the one that came out of the pandemic. That's a good question. What is will ferrell been up to lately?
Sometimes he does random shows in a la like random small theater comedy shows
So respect to that
Quiz lady. Oh, he produced that
Maybe he's just fucking famous and successful. So he's like, I'm good
Roast of time brady. Oh, yeah, I don't care what he produces
Dude, how did they make imd be so much worse? That is crazy to me
Always bet into despicable me films
He wasn't quiz lady
He's in strays. He was in barbie. That's true. One of the biggest movies ever
He was recently in and I did forget that. Yeah, it's difficult to say
He fell off when he was in like the biggest movie of the last five years
Uh dank sauce. Thank you so much to the get the tub
Honestly, he could do whatever the fuck he wants. He's
Uh
He's legend status as far as comedic acting goes. So whatever he feels like doing go for it
Well, he feels like beating the bitch up and I'm fucking there for that. Don't say that's terrible to say
No, but like in the cool way that he said like I'll fucking drown a bitch. He didn't say that
I mean, he basically it's like
I'll drown your I will drown a bride. What the shit we can do two of these
Oh, yes on a two-hour cooldown
Well, look, we were done anyway, so
Maybe we should put this on a three-hour cooldown. There's no denying when a hype train arrives now
It it's a feast for the senses. So let's send it over to back to case I guess
Um
This music is going to be a little crazy though. So maybe we'll just transition straight back to case
Other than playing my whole outro
Um, I'm fucking Trent. You know what it is right now
It is a hype train and I might not respect much in this world
But even as young bloods we do respect the hype train. I can't believe I just said young blood. That's his word not my
um
We'll see you later. Have a good one
Let's get hyped
And the hype train survived for more than
three minutes this time
I don't know
This is the first time he's made two appearances in one stream in quite a while
But I can't deny that he's here. I can never deny the appearance of a hype train
Uh hype train, how's it going?
Uh, I think I live I think I live I think I live I'll never die
Uh, he's made it to level two
Uh, thank you so much for the sub wolf dog for the hundred bits dilemma
A big j dub with the gifted dank sauce with the tier one. Thank you for the follows and skimer for the hundred bits
Oh my god, the hype train is blasting coins all over me most of my coins
Me on the track
I've already gotten you a track that I even know what to do with the hype train. Uh, apple to apple, thank you for the hundred bits
Daggered on switch for the hundred and sixty nine bits again. That is very nice
Oh
My gosh, I'm gonna I'm gonna live forever this time
That's you know hype train. I I uh, I respect your right to exist by the power of hype
Then give me a fucking song
Give me a
real american
Give me that Hulk Hogan
Walkout music remix
This is Yankee do
This is the Yankee doodle remix
The hype train is coming to town over the Yankee doodle remix
Look at this hot
YouTube trap beat courtesy of saber tooth beats
Huge shout out to saber tooth beats got a shadow saber tooth beats yanking for america. This is all about yanking today
What the fuck I got a hand in my mouth
I'm pointing at you with my mouth hand
Since when do you have a mouth hand? It's what I used to yank
Yankee doodle went to town riding on a hype train
Put up a trader in my house and then he was like damn
Damn to Jane. You're running out of rhyming powers. He said damn Jane. He's a girl named Jane
He's with the hottest buddy in the time of Jane
When she came the time we knew would never be the same
She was a master of making guts of strudel
She also had a cute little poodle, but you don't want her another one. She was doodle
Doodling that's right. She loved to doodle. She was yanking on the doodle yanking on the doodle
All day long jay was yanking on that doodle. Okay
Do you know what a doodle is to a hype train?
This way the hype train changes lanes. Okay. It's also another name for my penis
You don't even have a penis. That's true
But I got a doodle
Riding on a hype train
Stock up doodling the train and then the train had a doodle
I have a little doodle of a penis in one of my compartments and that is my jennifilm
Oh, yeah, baby. Give me your sweet bitties. That's all right. Uh, a chap is I thank you for the follow
Shocker 42,000. Oh my god. This it's so patriotic today. The stars and stripes forever remix
Stars and stripes forever
We can do a miracle. A hype train made it better
I was hanging out with George Washington, smoking a squiff
George Washington, he said. Turn this crazy with him and he drew the declaration of independence
Honestly, the country hasn't been the same since
He gave us rights. He wrote them right down. I said damn George Washington. Let's get climbed up
I don't know what he's on today. I'm on top of the world, baby. I've been alive twice today. That's one more time than I'm usually alive
Double the life. George, I'm gonna have to thank you so much for the 100 bits
Shocker 42,000, thank you for the tier one something great to you
And yeah, that's all right
Thank you so much for the follow. Anonymous, a gift to her
Anonymous
That's a series condition. I have red blood. I have white blood. I have blue blood
I'm not supposed to I'm not supposed to have blood at all. I'm a train
Oh god, it's the Seinfeld trap reloaded. Oh, shit. Seinfeld's back
Seinfeld's back
Seinfeld is back
Jerry Seinfeld's back on the track called Cramerine here. He's gonna break in my ass
Cramer fucking knocking knocking down the door. He's like I'm here Jerry. I'm gonna treat your ass like a whore
I'm gonna pound that shit
Like he's in the club. He's talking lots of shit. He's like string him up string him up string up my dick
Jerry Seinfeld look at how often he sucks that shit. Stop fucking doing
Stop just rap rapping about characters fucking all the time
I'm assuming this against to us
What's the fucking deal with to us?
He's rapping with you. It's just how you're the best saying stuff like that
He's hitting the king of comedy from the back
Big j-dub. Thank you so much for the subs. I'm glad that comedy is at least back. I know Seinfeld was really worried about that
But according to the hype thing, can you chill out now? There's a nice chill beat for you
Also, can you stop filling la with your hype? It looks like it's getting radiated
It's extremely radiated. I'm
Hyperadiation I'm doing I'm doing permanent damage to everyone with this
Eating my chance brain
The hype train is powered by lies
Oh, we got to do the new how-to segment that's coming up
That's a new thing. We're gonna do tomorrow though that we've done a lot today. I feel like
That's where you're wrong
The only thing we've done is I can't believe how much the hype train's been alive today four levels of hype
I think at level five he gets different graphics
The incentives are crazy. Wow different graphics that say you love them. That's
That's crazy. I guess the slow jams aren't really better for your brain. It turns out hype train
Says the same stuff over both
God
A hype radiation is
Getting worse you guys get to level 25. What?
It would be bad for you. What do you mean by that? I didn't say anything man. I'm a hype train. I'm powered by lies
lies and
Um
Brain damage trap remix and see what that does
Uh, thank you so much uh for the five
subs big jdub
Just propelling us to a new level
Of a level five graphic
The hype broke space and time
Emotional damage meme song. What does that mean?
Yeah
I do brain damage so it's different, bud
I can also relate to emotional damage
I do a little bit of that too
Immersion of damage
I wait for your emotion and it landed
They like they and keep can you spare my feelings them is emotional damage
I don't believe in snow today
But you still made a big mistake. You step in the hype train
Baby, that's right. Do you know why because the hype train's great? No, that's why
The hype train is great
And I do the emotional damage that you're doing brain damage so I switched over
And now I'm coming for your feelings to do some damage. Oh, what's that?
Is that you feeling sad?
Well, fuck that. I damaged that what I just broke your ability to feel sad
Now you can't feel bad or sad because I broke that
That sounds helpful. No, it's bad. Be sad. This is an important feeling
And now you can't feel it because that emotional damage
I'm getting you're doing it to me now you're getting affected by my hype waves
Oh my god
What do you mean by all of these warnings hype train? I didn't do anything
I didn't do anything. I just did some emotional damage
I'll tell you what my dilemma is. My dilemma is i'm too fucking hyped from just getting pounded with us with five hot
Studies five studies from from dilemma
I'm even more alive auto tune my voice case
Auto tune my voice
Oh, this is some sort of
Japanese trap trap and base
What the hell?
Oh that auto loaded here. We're anyway, this is what I was going to show you now. I'm auto tuned to
Where but the auto tune there is no escape
We auto tuned and we feed it to great
My voice goes up and my voice goes down, but I'm auto tuned perfectly wherever the sound is
I'm not a flow slicing that beat like a torey hard. So I kill bill. I'm so ill because I got the wheel
I'm on the beat and I do it for the thrill and I'm like fuck
Fuck fuck
How are you saying fuck?
She must say she was right. I'll tell you what I'm better than the best and I'm better than the best
I turn it on the track
Turn it up turn it really loud and annoying. It's already loud annoying hype train
Make it even louder and more annoying. I'm on a fucking beat. I'm in a fucking vacation
I get it for free because I am such a player. I liberated all the gauges from Adam Japan
No you didn't
I went back in time and I liberated all the gauges and now they are all
They're in charge of the government. That's not a thing you did. The gauges are now in control of Edo japan
I have altered space and time and now you're in a reality where the gauges are in charge
I am the great liberator
What do I mean?
Oh, Edo already. I have no idea what you're talking about
Well, that's too bad. You don't make a perfect sense. There could be a difference
I think this is I think this is it for you hype train. I think you're actually at your limit six is crazy
Six is the crazy level ahead
LA is already fully irradiated. No, I can go. He's not deep enough in trap mix
I don't know what that even means being king on the track
Oh my god
On a hundred hot bits just connected directly with the hype train our top story today
Uh, the hype train is is hyped. That's our top story
In fact, we should just so it looks more like news hype train
We'll give you a lower third
I'm more than active
Hi
I'm the scorpion king. No, you're not you're the hype train
Well, I called the rock and the rock said it's yours now hype train. What I've assumed the mantle
Of the scorpion king
Oh, yeah, don't worry. It gets better
It may be dry, but it's still getting rid of in this desert. I'm the only racist to the people
Pray to me like I'm a steeple from that. I smoke no joke my hype train
I'm like the scorpion king coach. I'm the ass like the scorpion king
I'm blessed with the bad zgi. I look so good that I'll never die. I'm an ascorpion king. Shit
Egyptian fellow
An Egyptian fellow. I'm the king of the scorpion. Stinks. Stinks. I'm a fellow
But you never can let me go. I'm a mortal king. So
Come on fucking mommy ain't no dummy. I'm gonna make all the girls
Jesus you guys did the lord's work
today
Of both summoning the hype train and banishing it
You you support us either way
Either you're keeping it alive or killing it big jw were so close. I think to summoning level seven
I am honestly. I'm sorry that if that was your intention and you just missed
But thank you anyway for the three subs tamtran. Thank you for the five
um the insane support from tamtran dilemma all of you big j dub
Keeping that hype train going so hard today. Uh shaka
Anonymous gifters currently working all of you with the bits and follows
Just a reminder if you ever want joe biden to say anything to you. It's uh 300 bits
They to summon dear sweet joe joe babiban
Yeah, yeah, he was deciding he was egyptian and I don't think that's gonna lead anywhere good
Just some minor he he gets too hyped and he starts slurping all the cultures in without understanding them at all
Usually, that's dangerous. I'll admit. That's a little dangerous to allow here. All right. We have one more thing to do. Whoa
Listen up jack
Microphone and I'm under just mama jam 300 shiny tasty coins and I've been dying to say this
I love all trains
wow
Say what you will about our current president, but he loves all trains
And I appreciate that kind of open-mindedness. Sometimes I hate the hype train
But joe baban has has taught me
That that's I don't have to have hate in my heart. No one else on this stream has taught me that
It's not tyler. It was joe
Uh, seriously, thank you all so much for the support
It's been a it's been a it's been a wild stream today double hype train munch. His mind has been ruined
And um, probably we did something else at some point. Let's let's end uh
I was gonna say strong, but that's probably not the right word
I will just say we'll end the stream on uh on two joe, but on two joe rogans
That's what I need. Uh, oh, yeah, there's also a patreon tonight. That's six with me and cas
I don't think fee is free yet
She's in the works
We're rebuilding fee stronger better
If you might be coming over tomorrow, I gotta make sure I gotta confirm what we might be playing um
A game called french romance
Post her bail
She's got it. She'll never learn if we always bail her out of prison. That's why we have to leave her in there for a while sometimes
Just for a bit
Oops, that's the wrong one. Okay. Um
Yeah, I think
I'm thinking joe's good to go
Let's send it over to our two rogans. I don't have a deal with just one joe rogan
I gotta deal with two joe rogans
That's kind of how next level I am
So let's send him let's send him down
Let's send us down to the to the joe station to hear what the joes are talking about
It's probably nothing good and certainly not anything even really trackable
But we'll give it a shot anyway. It's two joe rogans
The joe rogan experience
You guys hear me
jamie's giving me a big thumbs up, but he got into building structures out of
You can I mean I don't even need to explain it
No, he's got he's building popsicle. He what he calls popsicle structures
But in a I mean, you don't have to use your imagination. He watched it to work out that he's not really he's not building anything
But anyways, he's he's built manacles for his hands out of
um
Pato sticks or and sorry, uh
obstacle sticks
Anyway, it doesn't look good
Probably get a lot in live good. Okay, so he was right this one time. I mean he was
He was right by accident. Anyway, I'm joe rogan. I'm also joined by joe rogan
Yeah, that's true. I'm also here. I'm joe rogan
Hey
She's never entering the void a little bit every time we switch to win each other here joe, but I'm used to that
I I spent a lot of time in the void
Obviously, we're both really well versed in the void. So that's I mean, that's no surprise to us
Probably fix it. Let's say
Okay, great. So anyway, if any after rogan if anybody has any questions for me and joe, you know, mostly what we do here is
You know, we just take the world as it comes and uh, there's just so much always to talk about
And there's a few oddest voices in media nowadays. I mean at this point, like obviously I could retire like
But I just I feel like what I offer the world is just too important
Dude, that is such a good point. Almost no one is talking at like anymore people are so afraid to talk that like work
Well, some of the two of the only guys really doing that with people a lot of people
They come on podcasts are so scared to say anything. They just kind of
They kind of whine like a sick dog on each other
I'm so tired of listening to podcasts where it's just too
It's two people kind of whining into a mic like a sick like a dog that's sick with with worms
Uh, hey joe, um, are you only five foot two and do you have a brain or that's it's so interesting
I was just talking about worms
Yeah, that's that's like it. Some people say it's coincidence. I think that's fate sometimes when I say a word
The word then appears in front of me
Um, a jello brain worm. I gave me this little brain worms in 1997
intentionally
Uh, because if you uh, there's actually worms that are sort of uh good for your brain
There's kind of there's some worms that eat your rave and some worms that actually um lick your brain
um, and then uh, they
They actually what they do is that your your brain moisteness
Passes through their worm body comes at the other end
Um as psilocybin
So I'm actually sort of microdosing all day because I have a psilocybin brain worm in my head
Um, and it microdoses again at the level where I actually see things a lot more clearly
It's an uh, yeah, it's not really drug use. It's actually um
It's more so self actualization
Yeah, I call the self actualization worm
It also helped me with my workout
It's having brain worms just a bald thing. You do have to be bald to have the worm
Uh, the worm is what I call it because that is what it whispers into my mind. It says I am the worm
I am the one in control say say the thing joe continue to speak never stop speaking joe
The worm is also one of my best, uh friends when I'm in the void
It's kind of one of the only things I have in the void is the worm
Oh, yeah without the worm the void would just be really hard to navigate because it'd just be you in there
I mean in a sense not even you because the void is totally empty and yet somehow the worm persists in the void
That is a really great point
Not enough people talk about the worm or the void and how they're kind of necessary
Um, I'd like to know if the joes have heard of the council of munches, and if so
What do they know about this mysterious supernatural conflave?
I definitely have met various
Sort of high concept councils in my mind
I can easily enter my mind palace because I again i'm familiar with the void in the worm
Yeah, obviously the void in the worm introduced us to all sorts of
Consoles, consulates, uh, councils
Pantheons, um
Almost bit of panty out of my of the bees
Oh, yeah, that that's part tuned from the early 90s
Yeah, there's a panty out of my in the bees in the void
A bunch of interdimensional my other bees
Hell it does slightly different theme songs and it can drive you insane if you let it
But you don't if you have the worm which we do
Our worms do persist in the void everyone knows that and that's just a really good point currently working
Hey, Joe, can you promote my indie video game?
Event world vr on stream. Yeah, I mean if I just did
I hope I just did
I'll promote basically anything if someone's in front of me and they ask me to promote a thing
I will it has led to me promoting some things that people call war crimes, but that's an honest mistake
I was very positive
Yes, people are so afraid to promote war crimes nowadays. It was the thing is you gotta just sometimes you don't mean it
Anyway, I'll promote anything and that's an important policy to have I think like if you're afraid to promote something then
And you're all out of sale. I just afraid to promote yourself
And I barely promoted any war crimes
Um, I can give you some free codes for your stream. That is extremely kind right like shaman. I love you as well
I'm in love with you
I just realized that seeing it out loud. Sometimes you don't realize you're in love with someone until you say it out loud
And I think it's really brave for you to admit that, Joe
Thank you. I feel brave as well
Uh, and I'm in love with you and I am already married or I would propose right now
But that is kind and yeah, I mean I might need a case. I'll probably need some details to effectively promote anything
But uh, but let him know
Uh
Yeah, hit him up on discord hit him up on discord
So whoever fucking dumb guy runs this stream hit him up on discord
Game stop is back. Yeah, I heard that I heard that game stop is back
A guy in a hat said get more of it and that's honestly
Though the best financial advice come from comes from guys in hat. Oh, absolutely some good advice come from guy in hat
I've always said that good advice come from guy in hat and this guy had a hat and a funny shirt
So I see no reason I've put up a bot put about 60 million dollars in the game stuff
Yeah, some people
Is that insider trading if you have enough money that you can just single-handedly
Make a stock worth more
um
I don't really get how it works. But anyway, someone said hey put 60 million dollars on this. It'd be funny and I said
Um, it was the ovans cousin when I wanted to impress him
So I just I pulled up my phone
Put 60 million on game stop
You the ovans cousin because it is hard to impress
But I'll get him one of these days
Whole piece of shit. I'd send him
I bought him a house. He didn't give a shit. I don't know some some cookies are tough to crack
Why do you think that's a phrase do most cookies crack?
Well, that's a really good point because some cookies are soft. So don't they more so like
Heavy pracking plays that they're hard a dabbling like chips a hoi crack
Or is it the phrase that I think maybe that's how the cookie cracks isn't a phrase in italic crumbles
Yeah, but now you're back to the same problem. It's a really moist cookie. Does that even crumble?
That's a really fucking good point, man. I don't I mean not now basically no one talks about that
The man in the yellow hat well that could be referring to the man that I constantly see out of the peripheral vision of my eye
Or the guy from curious george
Who is a little more harmless?
I don't know. I think both are pretty dangerous
The man in the yellow hat exists in my peripheral vision at all times and I can never catch him
And the man in the yellow hat from curious george
Has a whole monkey at his command monkeys are really fucking strong, dude
People like to act like monkeys are so harmless and cute, but they are incredibly strong
A monkey could absolutely destroy you at arm wrestling
Probably tear your arm off right from the joint if you step to it
If you've seen that video of the sumo wrestler trying to play tug of war with an orangutan and I went when the orangutan pulls
It launches the sumo wrestler over a wall and then he falls down mortal combat hostile into a pit of spikes
And I don't think I don't think I saw the second part, but I guess I did now that he said it out loud
I'm not 90% sure that's how that video goes
All that cases discord is the cream team
If you throw it in the back feed that would probably be the easiest
I don't actually know anything and I'm saying the worm is telling me to say all of this
I don't know who cases and I don't know what the cream team is if you go to the cream team discord
And throw it in the back feed thread. That's a good way to reach
Case is what the worm is telling me
Um, they can rip your face off if they want to as far as I know they want to
You think that's what the new john travolta face off will be is is a monkey
Is that a monkey comes and rips his face off and the monkey changes face with john travolta
I mean, I haven't seen a plot set off to so I see no reason to assume that that isn't the movie they're making and that'd be
I mean, I would watch that
John travolta versus a monkey that's wearing his face
And john travolta is now has the all the strength of a monkey face because he is the monkey's face
Yeah, that's what I mean. I guess he would have the monkey's face and that would give him more strength because now he's
What five to ten percent monkey? How much of your fate? What percentage of you is your face?
Yeah, that's a really fair question. I've been wondering that lately because a lot of people steal my face
Do whatever they want with it. What percentage of me is my face and how do I monetize that?
I'd say a lot of my money comes from my face. It's a lot of how people recognize me that in my swole powerful tiny body
That's a little like I have a huge body, but also a tiny body and you do want to have both
You sort of look like your body is collapsing into itself
But it's also shredded and now that's the body I've been cultivating for years
Yeah, the body I've tried to kind of try to go for sort of like that hobbit build
But stretched out to a normal sized man is sort of what I've been going for and I'm really close
I'd say we're incredibly close and what was the question?
That's a really good question. You know, honestly, I have no fucking idea
Anyway, let's take one more and then
The worm is telling me that I have to go and I do hear the void calling and the man in yellow
Is getting closer and closer to me out of my peripheral vision. So
I guess the worm is also telling you to raid somebody to just raid someone straight out of here
So I guess we'll also do that
Yeah, I mean, I see no reason not to obey the worm. It's gotten me everything I've gotten so far
um
Yo, jose, what's the best thing to boof?
ketamine
Hey, hear me out. Did you have more? Oh, no, that's sorry that
Sorry, sorry. No, I didn't have any more hear me out. I meant just that's my point. Hear me out ketamine
Well, do you think it's I mean we should encourage people to boof ketamine right because that's actually dangerous
Dude, there's so many dangerous things that there nowadays. I started somebody out. Did you realize that like
You really said like 90% of the world's governments are socialists, but socialism's never worked once
I was just talking to like some fucking bodybuilder or something about this like
It's really scary. Like what people don't understand about governments is that none of them
work
But but so you just have to accept that but the one that does
Is the one that we being that we have
I mean, that's um, that's a really good point. I think it was uh, thomas jefferson. You said
capitalism is
The only form of government
That my slaves understand is that what you said?
Yeah, I think that is uh, I yeah, and I you know that actually have that quote above my bed
And that's a really fucking good point, dude
Can you shave your head to have brain worms or do you have to naturally be bald? No, um
When you look upon the worm your hair will molt off
Um, like a like a bird scorched in the sun. You will be shorn of hair just from looking at the worm
But that's just the first step in accepting the worm though
And you have to accept the worm or it will destroy you on a level that you can't even understand
So to even look upon the worm is to force
acceptance upon yourself and yet you may not accept it and thus perish
Yeah, and you we have to follow the steps, but you'll only know the steps once the worm is inside you. So
So some people call it a catch 22
But I honestly don't even know why people say that
Yeah, like at what point why is 22 catches the problem? I guarantee 23. Well, I've won about 21 catches
I can catch all sorts of stuff
That's a really fucking good point, dude uncle filter k capitalism will kill us. I do agree
I do agree
That is the old but it's the only form of government that kills you good
I thought that might be what Thomas Jefferson said. It was something about that or slavery. I can't quite remember
I mean, he said it better than me
But I think yeah capitalism is the only form of government that kills you good is a good place to leave it
The worm is telling me to raid
um
Let's look at some worm music to play us out
worm music
huh
Keyboard stuff working. All right. Jamie's keyboard stuff working
Amy, can you make your keyboard work? Oh, well
I see the problem here. Jamie replaced the keyboard with a
with a bunch of popsicles
and the for the thing about jamie and his popsicle designs is
He doesn't take them out of the popsicle. He just lets the popsicle melt
So he's trying to build structures, but he's building it's like a moving target cost
Maybe because he's got a little bit of sick sticking out the end and he's using plenty of glue
But he's gluing melting popsicles together
It's just obviously it just leaves as usual a giant sticky fucking nest. Anyway, let's look up some more music and raid somebody
I mean, sometimes that's all you got
Might be really loud, I honestly don't know
Herman the worm from action fun dance by the learning station
For the raid
Yeah, I've been kind of wanting to do that soon
But I think also
I asked her what happened
I was sitting on a fence
I don't have people get casted
And he is well also
I
I'm sitting on a fence
He built it all
And then a wrong came Herman the worm and he was this big
I asked Herman what happened and he said