We're live in 10
Hello everybody off to a technical
Technically charge start today immediate tech issues it would seem
It would seem that all the audio on my system has gotten all mixed up for some insane reason
I don't know. Let me know if the audio drops out at any point today
I'm also live on Instagram now, but in a vertical format if you want to see my face
Longer, maybe it's longer on it. Does vertical make me look longer?
I don't know, but it's good to see everybody either way shape shifter shaka exterminator Greg to you Matt Liddell
Good to see everybody in the chat
We're gonna figure it out together. I
Have no idea
You know I should open up a little monitor to see that way I can keep keep an eye on if my Instagram even looks
Watchable because I have no idea if this little thing I downloaded will work
But technically I should be on there
Yes
Okay
Does vertical make me look longer it does if you if you take up the full frame a little advice for your face
Or whatever you may be taking a picture of
Not just guys your lady who wants a part of you to look long
Take up the whole vertical frame and lengthen it
Okay, let's see what is going on today
Do
Okay, actually it does look it looks pretty normal. I look surprisingly normal on Instagram. I
Look at hello Instagram if you're watching me. I hope I look extra long for you
Let's um, let's do some news. Oh my gosh. We had a hype train, but I missed it the hype train came and went
It lived it died
Thank you all so much
For hanging out today. Let's just do some news. Let's do a classic day
Where we talk about a news
What news would you talk about though is the question I was a me I immediately forgot
What I said I would do a
Faster spinning earth we already talked about that
Oh my gosh cicada getting
Year of the cicada. I think I'm born
No, wait, I'm not cicadas come in all sorts. They come in like different
Different like what's broods of cicada hatch at different times
I'm matched up with one brood in Virginia
So every two when I turn 16 bunch of cicadas came up and then when I was 32 and I visited Virginia the cicadas were at
Every year a different brood but that Virginia brood it was loyal to me
But let's learn about these broods
I'm a huge fan of broods
If I can get this website to work
Page unavailable I need to know about cicada getting I
Need to find a different news source for this
I can't deprive you of the cicada getting facts, but Peter find me the cicada getting story
I
Don't think it's a word
How do you spell cicada
Cigar cigar and get it. Hello everybody. He's good to see you
Cicada
Cicada
Yeah, then
The garden okay invaders from are coming from this for the second. Oh my gosh the AP isn't working
So sorry case the cicada getting is being difficult to find. Oh, there it is. Okay. I
Found it. I found the cicada getting good luck covering this important story
Instagram comments are popping
Pito's gonna be a he's got a very Instagram friendly face
Honestly, I should really just delete my own personal Instagram and replace it with probably a Pepito Instagram
It would do better even though he's technically a generic snapchat filter
Oh, let's do some news guys. Why not? It's a news day. Let's talk about some cicadas
Yes starting it off right this is what we like to see
Hi chat. Yeah, it's me. It's chat man skate
I'm back. I never left and thus I am in fact back again
It's against 30 seconds delay though
That means if you if you want to hear something sick that I say you just have to wind it back
To you just have to pop on to Instagram. It's like an instant replay for all the smart stuff that I say I
Don't know if anybody's gonna be opening Instagram in that case. Oh my god
And then this and case is already on my ass trying to burn my ass off, but my ass is flame retardant
What cicada getting it's the biggest bug emergence in centuries
Well, then you must be right at home case cuz you a bug
That an insult I honestly, I don't know bugs are strong creatures
Ants can famously lift the power of a hundred there their power is to the power of 100 ants
I think they can just list lift like a large percentage of their body weight
Yeah, they're like all supermen's and they can lift to the power of 100 ants
So maybe this is good. Maybe the bugs are coming to take over because they've earned it
Is it effing who's effing I
Miss Jesus asking is it effing is what I don't know well my default answer is yes
most likely
Okay, Chet thinks he's Don Wriggles. I would never claim the throne of Don Wriggles. I
Don't claim to be of that quality of butt comic
Trillions of evolutions bizarro wonders red-eyed periodical cicadas have that have pumps in their heads and jet-like
Muscles in their rears are about to emerge in numbers not seen in decades and possible centuries
So I'm seeing how you're looking vertical and your head's really big. My head is always really big
It's a sign of intelligence
Crawling out from under every 13 or 17 years with a collective song as light as jet Engins
The periodical cicadas are nature's kings of the calendar
They took your spot. Why is it my spot? Could you do the little calendar guy? Oh?
You've seen that yeah, yeah, I've seen that. Oh, what a surprise just seen that
Starship troopers time
Maybe it depends how big the bugs are this year. Did they come out bigger sometimes? I
Don't know. I'm not a scientist, but sometimes they look bigger to me. Oh my god
There's no telling how big the bugs will be this year these black bugs. Oh my gosh, they're there
I thought they were like greenish black this they might be. Oh my god with bulging eyes differ from there
Okay, green or tinge cousin. Oh my god. There's green ones and black ones
Well, if it's like a usual news story then the color-coding there will probably lead to some
unintentional racism
Well, we'll we'll keep reading and find out they stay buried year after year until and also used to say it's unintentional
They stay buried year after year until they surface and take over a landscape covering houses and shed excess skeletons and
Making the ground crunchy. Oh my god. What am I even looking at?
Is that an elephant bug?
I
That is a weird-looking cicada the ones I'm used to just have big red eyes and they're kind of green
Am I looking at an arm or a mouth?
Cicadism, but it's pronounced six sadism
Well, that might be might be right up your alley then mr.
Blackwell because I'm a six sadist you the sickest is safe of all
From making me look at his fucking what is it? It's a cicada
Now a periodical cicada nympho
These things are I guess it is effing but also you're the word wrong
Did I of nymph?
Isn't that the same thing?
No
It's for limbs and making Georgia. Oh my god. I'm so glad I'm not in the south anymore
It's the one time I'll say that this spring an unusual cicada double dose
He's about to invade a couple parts of the United States and what the University of Connecticut cicada expert John Cooley called
Cicada getting oh
My god, this is not a fucking drill. The cicadas is coming
They've got long elephantine
Nostral mounts that they claim our arms, but I mean
Look at what this shit is. They're effing their nymphos
They're six sadists and they're coming in adult numbers and it's unclear what their size may even be and
Unfortunately, I have to report to you today that it's over for humanity
Starship troopers was a documentary from the future to the past and it's finally coming to fruition
It's an ugly planet. It's a bug planet and I for one welcome our bug overlords and I say I'll teach you how to squat
You really you really give up quickly there
No choice but to surrender in the face of the bug army
For democracy exactly I was surrendering for democracy
Otherwise, there will be no United States to even have bugs in it
I'm sorry for this terrible news today that it's over for us, but let's keep reading periodic cicadas don't do subtle
Cooley said so why should I report this with any nuance whatsoever?
If you're fascinated by the upcoming solar eclipse the cicadas were weirder and bigger said Georgia Tech
biopisist
Sada Bahama
Are you checking if you said that right?
You didn't we've got trillions of these amazing living organisms coming out of the earth
Climb up on the trees and its unique experience of a sight to behold
Balma said it's like an entire alien species living underneath our feet and this is some prime number years
They come up to say hello
Hello, governor, they're British now. Hello
Hello, governor. How is that better than I thought?
Yeah, it's getting worse
Are they British no they're coming out in Georgia. Oh, so they sound like this
I'm from Georgia. Well, you already have kind of a southern accent. No, but that's a Georgia accent
Is it? Yeah, everybody in Georgia sounds like this. I'm from Georgia. You know
Okay, a cicada hole is seaming the soil after a heavy rain on the campus of of ways of ways lesion college in
bacon, Georgia
Hey, thank you. I've been working on my Georgia accent
You're gonna kill off the rest of the bees. We're already almost out of those
Yeah, well, but now we're replacing bees with cicadas. Do they make honey? No, I think they just make goop
I don't want cicada goop. That's not gonna go good on my posts and in my coffees
Do a put honey and coffee sometimes if it's all a day
The seas are placing the bees. I don't think that actually I also don't know if they make goop
Then why'd you tell me they do? I don't know feels like that thing up there would have made goop
What do you think it makes jet nightmares all it creates is nightmares it eats flowers and spits out sadness
Fuck I don't even think they eat flowers. Well, you don't know what their diet is. I think it's the dreams of children
Could be we better keep reading
I'm gonna read all this cuz I'm so scared at times mistaken for voracious and unrelated locus periodical
Cicadas are more annoying rather than causing B black hole economic damage
They can hurt young trees in the fruits crops, but it's now widespread and can be prevented
Okay, there's hope for us. There's a chance we can fight back
But we're gonna have to find the mind cicada and send our drunkest pilot up the cicada hole
And it'll say I
America's back. I'm back motherfuckers and then all the cicadas explode at once or because they lose the control of the queen
That's just independence day
But it's how you beat bugs. Those weren't even bugs. They're more like tentacle things tentacle bugs
Isn't there more like an octopus? They were more bug than octopus
I'm pretty sure the things were independence. They're more squid than octopus. No, they're more bug than squid
Wait, you said more squid than octa. All right, we're not a debate show. Well, that's not the yes
Okay, we're getting sidetracked and the problem is that there's actual bugs. It's the biggest bug emergence in centuries our
app
Correspondent AP
Who Austin Powers? Oh my god, whatever AP app correspondent Julie Walker reports on cicada getting to cicada broods that are about to
infest us
The largest geographic brood in the nation called
Brood x1x is that like a rapper? No, that's the cicada's rude x1x. I
Think that's a rapper. No, it's the brood of cicadas
Well agreed to disagree
I'm curious what brood x1x is tracks is like don't know why they're bringing them up in the middle of this story and
Coming up every 13 years is about to march through southeast having already created countless boreholes in the red Georgia clay
It's a sure sign of the coming cicada occupations that emerge when the ground warms to 64 degrees and
Guess how many degrees Celsius that is case 17.8? I can just read it. You never want to play a game. I
Wouldn't honestly I wouldn't know but it's just it's right in front of me. Anyway climate change
But I don't know it's somehow related. It's happening earlier. Oh dude a climate change a
Timonologist say the bugs are brown at first, but darken as they mature
Just like humans. We start so innocent and as we age the darkness overtakes our eyes and soon
We cannot but say
Shit's fucked. I mean deep stuff
Trillions of evolutions bizarre wonders read I'd periodical cicadas are about to emerge numbers not seen in decades
Impassibly Centuries app video. Let's say remove the video
See the insects appear in large numbers in Georgia and the rest of the southeast cicada cousins
They're like kissing cousins. No, it's bug cousins. Oh my god. That's even worse bug cousins. There's no stopping them
They've got cousins. They have uncles. They probably have bug uncles. Oh my god bug uncles
What the fuck are we gonna do they come out every 17 years will in inundate?
ill ill I know is
They are brute x3
These rappers names is getting out of control chat. It's all in one sentence. They're clearly talking about the cicada brutes
The royal family I wouldn't be surprised if they're involved in this they've had it out for America
Ever since we say we refuse to drink tea. I'd say it's a failing of the modern schooling system chat
But we're honestly pretty old
What's a family you are so is you true?
Okay, you've got one very widely distributed brewed and brewed x1x, but you have a very dense
Hysterically abundant brewed in the Midwest you're brewed x3
Say the university mailing eat a mongolous Mike Raub
I'm American. I drink British tea
Trader. I'm sorry entity, but you're betraying your country the fit the principles this country was founded on is never drink tea
We hated that shit. We literally tried to throw it back in the ocean. We said give it back to the sharks
Is that what they said? That was the rallying cry of George Washington
He said give the tea to the fucking sharks
This is America then he stabbed some king in the fucking eye and that's why they called the king of British the one-eyed king
I don't even know where you're pulling that from. I just used to fall asleep in history class and dream
It's not a great way to learn, but it's a great way to see
And when you put those two together, I wonder you even talking because let's go back to the story
This is about the cicadas again
Anyway, when you put broods together or some shit when you combine wrappers you have more than anywhere else at any other time
Basically, the wrappers and the cicadas are combining now
There's gonna be more than ever and they look like this little poop in this guy's hand. Oh, they're just little guys. Oh
They're just little guys
They're little guys I could beat the shit up you could beat up that bug I could take this fucker out
No problem that guy's tiny. I think I could beat him with just one hand. What are there's a million of them?
I got fast-ass hands. I think if I windmill my hands around fast enough
I could take out every one of these cicadas. I don't think you need to though
I don't even think they're that big of a problem
Well, but they've done due to global warming their superpowers. They probably need to send me to Georgia
So I can take them out
Georgia Institute of Technology biophysicist side bomber holds up periodical cicada nymph in his hand
He's a fucking freak dude. He's holding a nymph right in his hands. Damn dude. There's no limit to what some people will do
I don't think he's doing anything with the cicada. He's got a right in his hand, dude. That's messed up
This guy's a fucking freak
Okay
Yeah, okay these highway cicadas are found in the east of the United States and
A few other tiny. Oh, I never even put up the headline
It's about cicadas in case anybody's wondering. I think we cut that shit
Cicadas are cool
Really? They fucking chill. They probably are chill chat. I mean, maybe you don't need to be so against cicadas
Are cicadas chill? Do I need to apologize to cicadas for fucking going so hard on them?
Maybe they deserve an apology or being a little harsh on the cicadas
Well, let me make sure they don't piss me off for the end of this story
These highway cicadas are found only in the eastern United States and a few other tiny places
There are 15 different broods that come out every few years on a 17 and 13 year cycle
You said a 16 year cycle. You're full of shit. I might be a 17
I just remember I turned the age and they're like, oh your your birthday is on the cycle
That's the thing my dad said
Well, if your dad said it, then I will trust your daddy
Don't say like that, but I did there are two broods may actually overlap
But probably not interbreed in a small area near central, Illinois
It's a ball as you said
Man, they're making me burp. You just burp all the time shut
Well, maybe it's because of these stories
Anyway, the numbers that will come out this year averaging around one million per acre
Over hundreds of millions of acres are mind-boggling easily hundreds of trillion. Maybe quadrillions. Fuck
I don't think I can win mill that many my arms are fast, but I don't think they're that fast
How many is this per second? How many is that per second to fuck? That's probably not enough
I'd probably take out about two trillion at that rate
What rate two trillion per minute because you take a two a second the math adds up and even bigger adjacent joint will
Immersed what are you talking about again? We're back to the cicadas keep up and even bigger adjacent joint emergence will be when the two largest
Brutes X1 X and XIV the two of my favorite Super Bowls come together in 2076 Cooley said
Yes, I like it when they name it after letters, but their numbers judge. They're just Roman numerals
This is America man. The origin of some of the astronomical cicada numbers can likely be traced to evolution
Cooley and several other
just said fat slow and tasty
He's got a taste good
Well, maybe not for humans, but they make ideal meals for birds, but they just said tasty like generally tasty
Mmm tasty zeros around maybe they can confirm
Did I try one? I mean you're gonna have an opportunity if you're in the vicinity. There's gonna be millions per acre
We eat cicadas. Maybe we eating good tonight boys. You know what I mean. I don't know what you mean
I want to try it
I'm sure somebody's eating a cicada cicadas have a nutty green almost peeled shrimpy look taste and texture
That's coming from live and sleazy who literally always knows what they're talking. Yeah, what they're talking about. Hey
Listen up shut. Hey, okay. You don't have to okay good
His school put out a cicada cookbook called cicada licious. Oh my god
It's like furgal licious, but even more next level. That's one of my favorite cookbooks ever furgal licious
It's not a cookbook
Isn't I thought that song was a cookbook
You get or something hot hot
You thought a song was a cookbook
Furgal licious
Let's check this shit out
It's a k delicious. Oh my god. Look, it's free
This cookbook is free. It's little here, but this is a full-ass pdf
Of of recipes. Can I scroll it? Can I zoom the fuck in on this shit?
Zoom way in computer enhance computer enhance
Computer
That's not how it works. Please computer enhance
It won't do it
You can figure it out eventually
Zoom bitch
Zoom, please. Oh
ingredients 30 nearly marriage cicadas
two Tate Tabiette two tibips and these seeds
One Tisp salt
Two cups rice wine additional water and rice with eight cloves of minced garlic
Calorie to garnish turnip greens to garnish
Shanghai cicadas
I do like
Shanghai food like Shanghai food. I'm a huge fan of Shanghai food sounds racist
It does sound slightly racist, but is it to bugs or Asians? Who are we offending?
Well, I don't think we care if we offend bugs, but we should because there's trillions of them and they're coming for us
Um, what's another recipe? Let's find a little let's find a less culturally insensitive recipe
Uh, okay. Uh, this is cicada stir fry. That's some basic ass shit onions coriander ginger root carrots
cowl
Cowley flour
chestnut sprouts
snow peas
blanch
Paralsic to tend the raw cicadas
That sounds lovely. It does. It just sounds like stir fry with bugs in it. We have it
Most of that sounds lovely
general cicada cicada
Shape shifter, maybe that's in here. Let's search. I'm gonna search just general and see. Oh, there's not
Unless it won't search this document
El churper tacos
Wow, okay butter and peanut oil
A half pound newly emerged cicadas
Just a half pound. That's easy reps
Easy you're lifting the bugs into my stomach. That's an easy amount to handle. I need a half pound almost anything
What I can I could eat a half pound of steel
Well, you can't that would kill you
I eat steel for breakfast. You literally don't shut
But anyway, serrano chilies tomato finely chopped onion
ground peppercumin
Taco seasoning cilantro. It's sour cream cheddar cheese shredded lettuce taco shells dessert. This is a classic dish
It's just tacos with bugs. Everything in here is just gonna be any meat dish with bugs instead of the usual
Named after el churper who is responsible for effectively mass murder and narcotics
Oh my god. So racist el churper taco
I can't believe they're calling out the churper. I've never heard of el churper. You never you got to brush up on your
drug criminals
I don't know. Well, you know, I'll take skimer's word for it. I mean shape shifters
And skimer's I'll take anybody's word for it. You're so gullible now like me. I know that these bugs are coming to kill us
You do seem to know that shit and I and thus I continue
Birds everywhere will feast
Okay, let's get some scary music for this
Birds everywhere will feast their bellies will be full and once again the cicadas will emerge
Triumpan
Rouse said the other way cicadas use their numbers or or math
They're no math now great is in their cycles. They use underground either 13 or 17 years both prime numbers
Do you think that's an accident?
Those big and odd numbers are likely an evolutionary trick to keep creators from relying on predictable emerges
That means fucking lions and bears is also doing math
All these animals is learning math. How long do we even have?
Back to you case
Back to me for what?
There's still so much of the story left. Oh
The cicadas can cause problems for young trees in nurseries when they're mating and nesting weighs down and breaks branches
Ew
Actually, it's pretty normal looking there. It just looks like a bug
I'm gonna gross you out so much. Well, I was imagining it really big
And a birthday party. I like
It crashes my birthday party and I'm like, look huge bugs here
Everybody's like just let them chill
God, I don't like his vibe
That made you say you that's what made me say you
That's just cicada in them and it's wiggling upside down
That's another thing about cicadas at least in virginia back in the day when I used to run into them
They're really dumb. They'd slam into the ground. They'd all kill themselves
If they don't they only live for a couple
Days, I think they can barely fly they it feels like they're born to die immediately
And that's and that's only the good bugs die
Young because the good bug is a dead bug. It's an ugly planet a bug planet
You've seen starship troopers. I don't know
Periodical cicadas look for vegetation surrounding mature trees
They can make and lay eggs and go underground to feast on roots not our roots. I love that movie
They mean plants
And the roots run deep. Yeah, exactly
Uh, cicada experts who wrote a book on this year's dual emergence that makes america suburbia periodical cicada heaven
About human hell
Um, yeah, I guess. Yeah, it can be hard on the eardrums being all those cicadas gets you get in those trees and start caressing
It's like a singles bar with the male singing to attract mates with each species having its own mating call
Can you imagine if you only have like a couple days to get laid and then your whole body exploded including your penis?
All right, that's not how they die chat. Oh, but they do die. Well, they die like pretty quick
Yeah, they have short lives. Can you imagine you only have like a week to fuck you got to sort out your whole game when you're like a
baby adult
Well, they're you know, they're bugs the experience time differently probably maybe to them. It's like an infinity
of week
Maybe the clarity must be intense
Yeah, the the post cicada clarity I I'm feeling post cicada confusion
It's because of how confusingly we're reading this now. I'm being as clear as possible the whole tree is screaming. Oh my god
They're making the tree screen is nothing sacred
Oh, well, uh cicada safari at they track where cicadas are uh coolie said
Coolie takes hearing protection because it can get so intense. God. Oh my god. Look at this fucking thing
That's from that resident evil game you've played. It does look like one of those bugs. Yeah
Uh well, they were real all along man. It is bad
Like a bad screen
Those bugs need to get alpha dimes dating ticks. Who's alpha dime?
Hmm
Is that that alpha boot camp?
I don't know if I want to know about alpha dom
alpha dom
Oh my gosh, why do I have to sign in every time tick tock?
Why?
Yeah
Let me in
Select two objects that are the same shape. Oh my god shut you've got to try to do this
You do it
That was close
That was a close one
Did I do good?
Why are you so close to the desk right now?
He's up man
Okay, whatever I just wanted to find out who alpha dom was and it's not even showing me now
Who the fuck is alpha dom?
Updates from within the storm
alpha dom coaching class day 75 of alpha dom coaching classes
Let's see. Oh, what's good everybody? What's cracking lacking? All right, so it is day 75 of the alpha dom coaching classes
And I just wanted to check in so after 75 days of classes
I'm not gonna lie to you
I did expect the women to be lining up left and right and right and left
But I am in fact still single
So that's a big shocker to me. I want the source. I'm I'm the species that this man is actually an alpha dom
I think you might be doing a bit
alpha dom dating classes
alpha dom home
Oh, here's a great website for you chat
what
Navigate the fog when it comes to women
It's time to level up
Contact me on telegram
On the notorious site for good things happening there
um
video course access discord
um
How do I see the class?
How to be a super seducer isn't he just pick up artist poa isn't just part of the poa community?
Probably
I don't know. It's another fucking andrew tape type
probably
But I am always curious to see them, you know rant for a few seconds
Actual advice from alpha dom dating coach
Yeah
We don't know anything about that. Is this him?
No
Not choking my weakness the thing I can't do only vanilla people, you know know about that and do that too
Oops, sorry my bad. Anyway, he's a specimen. Can we all agree on that? Okay?
I don't know this all seems is all kind of making me this all smells like a mcdonald's ball pit to me
Like a mcdonald's ball pit. What does that even mean shit? I don't know just
My nostrils are filled with the smell of a mcdonald's ball pit from even googling this
They're portraying his dark souls. It is doesn't seem to be a dark souls
Let's seem to be a dark souls screen cap here
Well, there's nothing sexier than a man who is cursed to fight until his spirit breaks and he becomes hello
That's sexy. Oh, that's sexy. Turns out that's 100 sexy
Can we focus on the cicadas?
You're the one who you're the one. Well, that's yeah, that's in a sense
A dirt dusted periodical cicada nymph wiggles its forelimbs and and look at that. This is the sex we need to talk about bug sex
It's what it's the sex that is coming for America
Bug sex bug sex is coming for all of us and there might be no stopping
Do we even want to stop it?
Maybe we want the bugs to be happy
Maybe that's the bigger move
Bigger move bigger move. We're gonna be the bigger bug
Anyway courtship is something to watch
I'll bet kurtzky imitated the male singing fario his pitch rising fario like that fario, you know
I don't think I've ever heard you go that high pitch. Uh shut fario. Yeah. Yeah, that's how I sing
Pretty good. I'm gonna be a cicada if I wanted she flicks her wings. Oh shit. Is it getting kind of
Steamy and sexy we have sexy music
That's not sexy
Can we get some fucking sexy music?
Yeah, she flicks her wings christie narrated in a play-by-play. He moves closer. He sings she flicks her wings
When he gets really close. He doesn't have to gap. He'll go
He'll go like this. He'll go
fario
fario
fario
fario
fario
I mean
Yes
The mating is consummated with the female laying eggs in a groove in a train of branch
And I that's how you know the date went good
I make ladies do that shit all the time lay eggs and trees
You know
Kind of no limit to how
sensual I can get
The cicada nymph will follow the ground and dig underground to get the roots of a tree
Intense insect sex exactly. I mean you ain't if you try doggie style, but have you tried bug style
What is bug style a lot of goos and
pincers
Sounds terrible if you're fucking vanilla, not like me
Check killed that tongue twister. Yeah cicadas are strange in the way that the trees die good dial trees album
Which carry water and some nutrients. What's the trees album?
I honestly don't know
I can't help you there check probably just a part of a tree
Oh, yeah, you get an award for knowing it's part of a tree
Huh
Trying to do sign. Oh shit. I could have done. This is a science segment. It's not enough science. It's mostly bug bug is science
Bugs can be science. Sometimes bug isn't science. This is almost this is bug science. Well, what gonna call it not science
Dang it
The pressure inside the xylem is lower than the outside
But a pump in the cicada's head allows the bug to get fluid that it otherwise wouldn't be able to get out of the
tree
But all science is bug
Buggy skies
Can't tell
Should I send it to the science room? We'll do a different science thing some other time that you're gonna count this as news
How's this news? It's bug which is sky it's
I don't know how to I don't know chat. I just don't know
Did he say a bunch of goos get me out of this?
Oh, I can see the instagram there's an instagram chat as well now
And I see you there goo. There's a goo in the instagram chat
Yeah goo one one eight eight two
One of our classic instagram viewers. It's our first day on instagram. Yeah, we already got a goo viewer
Well, I guess that's that's goo for us
He we both like that. Yeah, we really like that. We've had it like that
Anyway, anyway, there's how this is a long bug story
But we're close now this Katie gets so much fluid that it has a lot of liquid waste to get rid of
It does so thanks to a special musical that created a jet of urine that flows faster than in most any other animals
They're pissing harder than anybody. I take it back. I like these bugs. You like them because they piss hard
I mean, you got to respect any animal that can unleash the urine at a high rate a jet of piss exactly like
That and that's piss
What does that mean? I just respect the piss
If you got a strong stream, that's a sign of good health and a strong mind strong spirit good piss
Okay, that's just a personal preference. I don't know you're into pee stuff. I'm not into pee stuff. I respect pee stuff
It's not all about that
Okay, and Mike in georgia tj riles was planting roses and hollies this way when he came across
It's a kind of wall dig a neighbor had early already posted an image of an early emerging creator
riles said
Riles 90s bug Bobby and said he's looking forward for more to come
Well, he's got to come up with about a trillion more names because there's a lot
I think it will be an exciting thing riles said it will be bewildering with all their noises
And I for one welcome our strong pissing hard fucking cicada nymph friends
Look, I relate to a lot of aspects of you
You procreate like hell
You go hard in the paint you make tons of noise during sex you do it bug style and you piss harder than anybody
Even though I was afraid at first I welcome you as brothers in bug and I say to you
I'm not bugged to have done the news
But the news was done by me of which
It is done now because of the chat that I am
was
Here what yeah, I don't know
I also don't know what
Okay, call for an expert
What expert are we do we dare to call in?
Well, let's see we got we get an interview with a cicada
I don't see why not
Lupita, can you get a cicada up on the screen for us, please?
Okay, sounds doesn't sound terribly confident, but we're gonna go for it anyway
Um
It's an ugly planet
It is a bug planet. Hmm. Where's a where the where are the bugs at?
Where are my bugs at?
Sorry guys, I'm having trouble getting having trouble getting on the line with the cicada
Where my bug exactly? I know there's one
Hmm. Oh my god, terrifying
A terrifying creature is approaching us. Okay, we're gonna count this
um
Look, we're a serious news outfit here. Sometimes the news acts fast. You got to get
Your guests on the line asap
And even if it's a bug everybody deserves a voice. So please welcome. Um, a cicada
Okay, hello cicada seem to have emerged early minutes. Oh my what? Um, I I can't
I'm not a generous lover. It won't be pleasant, but we have to do this for the species
Um, I don't I don't know if I fuck. I just
You're being too desperate. You got to be cool about this. No, that's not chill enough
I invite them up to invite somebody up to play um
Smash brothers
Smash brothers, they'll sing at them. I know, you know, chingy songs. I don't know why I don't
Actually, you're way more sentient than you should be
Well, you're gonna do at least one, uh, ball that you figured out
Any questions for the cicada smash brothers
I can handle more than one at a time. Good for you microphone
Look, uh, cicada, I don't know man or or woman. Um creature
You've grown on britain's got talent or whatever
I don't know. Are you sure you're even a cicada? Uh, fuck mary kill
yourself
a different bug
Dwayne the rock johnson
Yeah, sorry, I guess that was I set you up there. Oh my god, I don't have one to live. Um
Die fucking
Fucking die or fucking die
I'm not even sure if that's true. I honestly don't know how cicada biology works
Even though I just read like a whole story on it. I was really paying attention
I don't know
Is john cicada a cicada? Yeah
John cicadas is john cicadas a cicada? Yeah
Okay
This reminds you of an asmr video you saw recently. I don't know what asmr videos you're watching shape shifter
On you, um
Okay, well best of luck with that cicada
Uh, you should have a lot of options. There's potentially trillions of you
Because you came out way too early. Sorry about that
Are you using a hockey to fly in one piece?
Like in one piece
You don't you don't have any wings
It just fell
That's the cater just fell loony to in style
Nobody say anything
Just act like nothing happened
Damn it fell right into my mouth I'll never tell
I just have a high-pitched voice sometimes guys
I'm pushing it down for you to seem like a hyper masculine news guy
But secretly I got a I got a high-pitched baby voice
This is my real voice
And this is the this is the fork fake one
boyfriend crashes car and dies asmr
I don't think I could click on that
I don't think I can
I don't think those are chill ASMR for me to study to
Do
All right, well
Damn
We learned so much
We came so far and learned so hard and in the end
We talked to a bug um
Let's
Let's go down to the lobby
I guess I said it too much and crumb. I haven't talked to them. I don't talk to them
I haven't let them talk to each other in a minute
I don't even know what they're debating but probably something. Oh, you know what we need a new stream goal
Let me update that real quick
I think we said we were gonna make leon a theme from is probably riddled with cicadas
That sounds like the kind of thing that would happen to him
Thanks sauce. Thanks so much for the raid. Hope you had a great stream
You're just talking to a bug. You didn't miss too much
Just bug chatting
The bug died
It was debatably my fault
That I introduced it to looney tunes physics. I don't know. Anyway, I hope you had a good stream
Let's update this goal
leon theme
And we've already gotten some subs today, so we won't even do the 15
Oh, you know what? I might not think some people um radium. Thank you so much for the 17 months
Apologies. I was so thrown off by my own tech issues giggle trash. Thank you for the community sub
And I call me a realist for the 10 bits microphone. I heard for that classic and much appreciated 750
um, I think I got
everybody
Oh gram gram cd 17 months. Oh my god 17 months apple to apple also with the resub
five months of dappling all over me
And I love every dapple you send my way
Lube chef stream, uh, not prohibitive. I mean if
I would love for Comcast to sue me for the rights
To uh lube chef. I'm not too worried about it. We could do a lube chef stream at some point
Um, I still have that apron somewhere
To give him otherwise. He'll just be cooking nude
Man, I should really keep pushing lube chef until I somehow piss off comcast. That would make me really happy to just get
Financially ruined by Comcast over lube chef. Oh lube chef could be against to us. Maybe it's an instagram only stream
I can only do it on instagram 30 second delay to protect us
Imagine being an attorney in charge of defending lube chef
I do think it would be important that lube chef show up in court if that were the case
I mean if that's what they were litigating unfortunately, I just I don't think Comcast gives a shit about lube chef
Which is fair that is the fair response
Well, let's uh while we think of
The legality of lube chef send it over to mushing crumb. Maybe they can debate this or they can debate anything
We'll figure it out. It's time for mushing crumb
Whoa
What the hell
Give it up for us
Oh my god, this is craziness. Why did chet manscape's face come up?
Give it up for me and zoom in instead of out. There we go
But pito's on one today folks. What can you do?
Uh, good to see everybody in chats. I'm once again climbing back to the top easily won the last one
And I'm sure that incredible trend will continue today. No reason to believe it won't
But a great reason to believe that, uh, maybe life's not worth living is the face of the man next to me
It's a mutant. It's crumb. Well, um, oh my god, you have such a cone head today
My head is always the same shape. It's legitimately not
And today it is just wildly cone headed
It changes you're a changeling
It looks I I can't we don't have a monitor in here. I'm assuming I look
No, you really don't
Uh, well good to see everybody. Um, I you're not going to throw me off by insulting my appearance
I'm used to it at this point. I'm sure you are. I'm sure no one's ever seen your appearance in complimented you
Crumb crumb crumb she there's some crumb heads in chat
Well, they can't help it because the shape of your head is fucking puncturing their screen
You're like a spear fucking lance of lance of long ass
Throne straight through jesus's heart killing god himself
What how do you look like shit is all I'm saying. Oh, okay. Um, well, that's nothing new
Um, look, I don't even know we're debating today, but I'm excited
to keep climbing up
At this point it shouldn't be called mount crumb
They'll never have a mountain
They'll never even have a hill if anything you have a hole that you should put your head in where you can't breathe and asphyxiate yourself
Stop telling me to die. I refuse
Uh, jesus asked to die again when he saw
No, oh, you like that one though that one resonated with you. Maybe it's true
Jesus didn't ask to die
It's offensive as a proud christian
I'm offended by that. You're you like it. I don't like I he didn't ask to die when he saw me
He did I think I think jesus did
Uh
Everyone can see how insane you look
What is why do people have such a response to a bald man? I think it's jealousy. No one's ever jealous of your lack of hair
Just get over it
You'll never have made anyone jealous for a second
The only feelings you create are negative repulsion
Anti-jealousy you could be like an anti-jealousy machine if anyone's feeling low
They wheel you in and they're like you could be this guy and then every you know what maybe that's the way to world peace
Is the new political the new political slogan is hey at least we're not crumb
Yeah
Cat got your tongue. No, thanks that cat would even reject that shit and say jesus christ
I'd rather eat my fucking own asshole than have this man's tongue in my mouth
um
Look, I just am waiting for something to debate
Who's a real killer oj or the field? I think we can do that one
Uh
OJ or the field. I don't even quite get that one. I'm too stupid for that one
I'm not I get it. What what does it mean? I don't know the field
Achieve achievement the insult cat
Yeah, that's that's me your achievement the insult cat. I'll take that I'll get a little cat puppet
it'll be like
Instead of a vaguely Spanish it can be
What's an accent I can safely do? I don't know French. Can I do French? I don't think you could do French
La la la. I'm a fucking cat. I fuck you. That's terrible. That's
Even for you those are bad insults. Well, I'm not trying yet. I have to find the cat character
our bug science
Is science bugs? They're bugs
I mean, there can be a topic within scientific discussion. I don't think there's anything to debate there
That's very wrong bugs is always science in what sense
The sense that duh
Okay, I guess let's debate this topic. I mean, it's fine. It's a layup victory for me. They're not
Science
They're bugs. They can be a topic within a field of science
Sex luther with that chest hair flowing. Haha. They're talking about me
No, that Lex Luthor is bald. No, he's not. He's fight Superman. No bald man could fight Superman
No, he's famously bald
No way Lex Luthor is bald. He
Very much is
Gene Hackman had hair. Well, but that was an alternate universe. Didn't Kevin Spacey have hair?
Well, no, we're not even allowed to remember that he was Lex Luthor. Yeah, we are
hair or no hair
Eat bugs or don't eat bugs
I thought we were debating of bugs or science. No, only you want to do that. Everybody's curious
Lex Luthor, didn't he have hair or not? No, he'd legit. That's not even that's just when you could google
And she almost all the popular depictions. He's a bald man like myself
Honestly, other than being a villain in some ways an inspiration
Of course, he's an inspiration because he wants to destroy everything good in the world. Look, but he's not bald
Jesse Eisenberger Michael Sharer. Who's the better Lex Luthor? Was Michael Sharer Lex Luthor?
We don't know enough about this man apparently or you don't to debate this subject
Okay, eat bugs or not eat bugs. Obviously
Hmm, is it a power move to eat a bug? Yes. So yes, we had to think about it. I mean, why eat bugs?
It's sick. They fuck those bugs. What? Why fuck the bug? I don't know power move
You think I won't eat you because you're gross? Yes, I will
All right, fine. I mean, I would prefer not to eat bugs
So I'll happily defend the non bug eating side of this argument. All right, fine. If we got a mod that can make that
I guess that's what we're going with because somebody's too afraid to debate Lex Luthor or science
Okay, well, um, I don't think that's how that went but that's fine. Um
Look, uh, nothing against
Nothing against bugs eating them as a necessity, but if you have a choice
I mean, is it really anyone's first choice? Are people
Battening down the hat are people rocking up to the starbucks counter saying when's when's the new
You know, uh bug egg which coming out
How the fuck would anybody but nobody goes to starbucks because they love the food
Well, sure. I mean, I love we're not even debating over debating if you should eat bugs and look I get it
They're a little gross. They're a little gross. We're gonna be little babies
We're gonna be a little baby anti bug boys saying oh, I can't do it's too creepy. Crawley. No, are we gonna be powerful?
masculine
Feral creatures which we are all capable of being if you unlock your mind in my course alpha feral bro power
And eat some fucking bugs because we ain't fucking babies the same baby food
This ain't baby planet
We're powerful creatures with mandibles and teeth and we gnaw at things and if you see something moving around
It is your god-given duty to try to eat that shit. That's what makes us human
What makes us human is just eating shit. That's probably the most human thing of all
There's almost nothing we won't eat. We've tried it all we're making fucking
Bug gazpacho, you know, we eat fucking dirt. We drink grass. We do all sorts of crazy shit
I bet people eat rocks. They try to eat metals. Why not eat a couple bugs?
Of course you should they're probably good cicadas. It's apparently delicious
There's cicada kunk pao chicken or some shit. You saw that dumb guy talking about it. Oh, case. I mean, yeah
But I don't think the point there was that it's
Good
I'm not saying you can never eat bugs. Yes, you are this man is coming for your right to eat bugs
He's the big fucking nanny krummerman and his fucking torpedo head. He's trying to sink your battleship
All you doing is out there fishing for bugs and eating some good home down-home american cicadas
There's literally trillions of these things. What is irresponsible not to eat these motherfuckers
They're even more prevalent than fucking cows, which we also have trillions of it's your fucking duty to eat bugs
So do that duty and fucking swallow up, baby
And I talked loud enough that I easily fucking did it yet again. I win
Yes
I told you I was on the fucking munchback. I'm the munchback in Notre Dame and I didn't even have to burn that shit down
So you admit that you're on a comeback because you were behind. I'm literally I've always been ahead
I have literally always been ahead
I just it's not even important to point that out
It's just a fact that I am and forever will be
Fucking ahead of you and I just want to get update my fucking score
Little baby crumpito
Why crumpito because you have a torpedo head chat already established that
Munch for mayor. Well
Look, uh, we've been on such a powerful crumb back
that um
A little setback of of being five points down
You're gonna cost me anything
It's like the end of fucking Avengers
Crumb's looking at his score in the weird water world with the orange sky
And his score is like what did it cost you and crumb's like everything. That's you right now
I don't even track what you're getting at. You're the end of Avengers
Thanos is looking at your score, but you're Thanos. So you're not strong like him
You're a weak white Thanos looking at your score
Which has the face of the baby version of that hot green chick
And it's and you're like, what did it cost me and your score says everything
It still doesn't that's just so abstract and insane
Can you just think for two seconds before you ramble? No
Of course not
Okay, well, um
We didn't get it today guys, but I know
That you're excited to see what happens when I surpassed this man. So
Just wait, we'll have to wait a couple of days that who knows if it'll ever even happen
Just two losses and look what it's done to your confidence. Where'd it go?
I'm feeling as confident
As ever
If I have any rattle confidence has nothing to do with you
What did you fucking
Did you poop the bed again? No, I didn't poop the bed. Did you uh
Have a wet dream thinking about fucking bugs
Why would that be it? Did you um
Accidentally brush your teeth with your own semen
No, um, why did it take you so long to say no?
That's just why would you even guess that?
Of all of it's an accident
why
My toothpaste is blue. Well, what color is your seed?
I'm not answering that
Can we just raise the level of discourse on this program?
Just just one inch out of the gutter
So I don't have to muck up my mind and everyone else's with this frivolous
stream of consciousness non-set this absolute
Sub vitriol fucking pond scum that you feed me to respond to every day. I think you brush your teeth with your own jizz
I guess there's some abstract chance that like
Bodily fluids could get on any toothbrush head in a bathroom if fluids are flying. What?
I'm just saying if we're to play devil. Why are you playing devil's advocate?
I didn't do that. I just it feels like you did
It feels like you did
I didn't
Well, look, I mean
I guess we'll have to save that one for next time. I mean it really feels like you did
I guess he's saying that he didn't but I mean I'll sit in the same time. Look at him
I mean don't
Don't hurt yourself
Don't hurt yourself
But it seems like the kind of thing I guess he did
So just keep that in mind and I'll keep nothing in my mind
I keep it free and clear so that infinite ideas can pour into it and come straight up my mouth
And they'll come straight up my mouth at you next time. See you soon chat. Turn your thing off, man
Why is it always on?
It's not here. I swear or he is but he's not on right now
One second. I'm gonna fix that
I'm gonna fix that
Oh
Woo, also we're streaming earlier today
In the interest of finally not crossing the streams with kasm
I managed to actually stream at one o'clock
Hopefully kasm isn't on my hope is to raid him later all of today. Maybe he won't stream
But anyway, I'm gonna try to stream closer to one from now on
It seems like a reasonable time to do it
So, you know, why not?
Okay, there we go cast isn't streaming until midnight
I don't understand his schedule. What is the meaning of his schedule?
His schedule says three. Okay nice a strong alpha move from cast
Forcing me to change my time. Honestly. I never really had a time
I have not really ever had a consistent time
So this is a vain attempt to try to get one
But maybe I can just stream at one o'clock every day
That would if I can manage to keep up a schedule
Who knows what kind of wonders that would do for my decaying mental health
All right, let's do a little more news. I'm debating. I don't know what chat feels
about gaming
But I could also switch to resident evil for the back half of this stream today
You know my usual two hour marathon here
I could do some I could do some next generation last year's top game gaming
Boom boom
It is it's really hard to to manage all 30 schedules that I've created here
But is game science a good question. Got all churper tacos. Let's do some entertainment news
Enough of the serious bug news
Let's do some entertainment news
Supermarket simulator. I have to beat resident evil. I have to do it
I also kind of want to get to 600,000 citizens in classic any SNESM city
I could try super market simulator. I am curious. I do also have pal world
I could become like, you know, I could play more games than just resident evil, I guess
But I don't know if I want to poach on uh
Casems territory, you know, he's the one with all the supermarket management expertise. Boom. Boom
What's munch's deal as goo
Our number one instagram viewer
Munch is just kind of an asshole. I'll be honest
but
He's confident. I'll give that to him
From also kind of an asshole but less confident, but in his own way more confident
Wait for pal world actually fully release
We're making 100 hours in no ending in sight. That's not that much of an issue for me
I feel I feel like that's the kind of game. I probably
Wouldn't finish considering that I've already played it a little bit not finished it
I might just have to wait to hop on the next big trend
Which I probably will will slightly miss
Just because that's uh, I like to do things about a year late
Oregon trail
All right, first things first resident evil then Oregon trail
But first let's take it to some entertainment news
I just made me realize I could make I could make a graphic for different types of news
That's so unnecessary. It's the kind of thing. I'll almost certainly do at some point
Anyway, let's set it over to our correspondent for some more important news
It's still her design
Don't let them take it from me
I feel like I just get up
Okay cowboys
What are we doing today talking all sorts of newses or something?
That's not it
Uh, Liz Hurley's son admits to filming his mom's sex scene
Felt normal
Well, what's the story here?
Sounds normal to me
Gird your loins. Yeah, exactly
Uh, weather news weather news actually I do want to do but I think I have to wait to move which I've been waiting for for quite a while
Just because there's not
We're believe it or not. There isn't there somehow isn't room in the studio. There isn't room in here
Plus some wezzah
Well, there is but the way I want to do it would I would kind of I was kind of hoping you'd get a second angle going
I don't know. You'll barely master the wand. Yeah, I got at least
Several angles. Oh, yeah. Oh, wow. Oh, that's the instagram
I can just view my own instagram on my own stream
Yeah, once the roosters move in next door, I'll know what time to start the weather report. So that's important
Anyway, what's going on with Liz Hurley's son? I don't know some sort of sex thing
Your favorite story to cover
The whole new type
Isn't that your favorite story to cover? I mean
It depends what kind of horny. Well, this sounds more like incest. Oh horny. Well, that's
The vibe the vibe is incest, but maybe the intention
Was just filmmaking
And that's what we're here to figure out. Oh, okay. We're trying to figure out. This is filmmaking or
A disturbingly popular porn category. Liz Hurley's son admits filming his mom's sex scenes felt normal
Let's look at the sun
Oh shoot
Let me see this son
Uh
Please let me see the son copy image copy image link
All right, maybe that works
Okay
So this is what we're dealing with here. This is the son
Who honestly looks a lot like the mom and I guess that's him filming his mom
In a sex scene
Um, well, he's we don't see him. We just have to assume he's behind the camera there
But the point is that he was comfortable
Don't look directly at the son. Well, I hopefully he instructed his mom like I'm here. This is happening, but uh, don't look at me
Maybe they're just that comfortable. Maybe it's not sexual. It's artistic
I mean a torrent mutually exclusive
So this is coming out as courtesy of uh, la is lad bible
The la d bible
Yes, the los angeles defense bible. Yeah, that's what it stands for. I think uh signing up for sex scenes is brave as it is
But agreeing to get down and dirty with a fellow actress while your son is sat behind the camera
It's only a means that Liz Hurley is downright pointless. Oh, we're giving her credit. We got to give everybody credit
It's important achievement in cinema
Okay, the Austin Palmer's actress. Well, I guess that's still her main credit
I said it felt liberating to work so closely alongside her child damien on his directorial debut
We just do to be released later this week
Oh, also in case any in case you have any new instagram viewers
Whoa, what the fuck just happened for the other what?
Nothing, uh, I'm losing on breathing schmidt
Okay, well, thanks for clarifying that for everybody. Yes
Uh, she's starring an upcoming thriller strictly confidential alongside the likes of cbbc star george log lord mcqueen freddy thope
jennify of gaunt pair chava chirov chirovara
And max parker the film follows the journey of the haunted young woman who finds herself drawn into a world of seduction
Duplicity and betrayal as she desperately tries to sink staunton for the five subs
Oh, is that the plot the plot is thanking staunton for those hot five subs
Good god. Oh, seriously. Thank you staunton
It's an interesting thing to cast your mom in though
Is your sex thriller?
Well, I mean if she's the right one for the role
It would be immoral not to cast her just because she's your mommy
I don't know that doesn't sound great actually when you say it all together like that
Well, just sound it out slowly. Is that what is go stop it?
Toronto your little thing he has being a naughty case
Your little things that you read with has been naughty. Let me try to fix it for you
Work damn you
All right, it's not working. We're going back to the main story
Um
The film follows the journey of a haunted young woman who finds herself. Okay. Are we read that take a look at the trailer
kind of a look
I mean if we're gonna talk about it usually we don't
You leave this kind of thing to Trent, but
Sure, you can watch it lily on it just this once
Because it's it's attached to a news article. Oh good. I got to watch a trailer that day started so normally
Just another day
in parrot hunts
Rebecca
No, Rebecca. It's been a year sweetheart without my Rebecca. She was my best friend. She killed herself
Sure, we came out here to reconnect and remember
It's actually the first time we've all been together since
Strange being here without her
Can't agree forever to
Rebecca
Who was fucking who?
I never meant to hurt anyone
What okay, this oh boy. Okay
Damian Hurley not afraid
I'm sure that I'm sorry
It's a lot of mud
What was his face if something was off?
Maybe it was I know what really happened to your friend Rebecca. Can I help you?
They've said Rebecca so much. She was a patient of yours. I'm afraid I can't divulge information about other patients with you
Therapist under my name. Oh
Not a therapist
She creates conspiracies
Why did she leave her note to you? I'm her sister
Myself what we did
Everybody's so sad and horny
You're boring me. Oh, what do you got that a great question out of our minds
She passed it had enough of your lying. You're cheating. I want to save her every second of hurting you
Oh, no, you killed dad
My god
Austin powers. He's a man
Appreciates that someone in the trailer said I'm bored
Did you actually were you bored there? I mean for me if you want psychological sexuality that's a little
That's a little basic for me
Everybody's just like oh
Oh, no, somebody had sex and that's one dead person
You need what do you need you need more than that?
A couple murders and a little bit of incest. That's the best you got
I don't think there was any incest in there. Well, it's a weird vibe. It's a weird vibe knowing the sun is filming the mom
Sort of feels like the mom maybe didn't even need to have a sex scene
Given that the plot's about a different
Otter I don't I don't know but I hope rebecca's okay. Yeah, what happened to rebecca rebecca
Rebecca rebecca
I don't know. She's going to mic it
Uh according to
I can't find the comment
Someone said that there's no rebecca in the movie and I do think that'd be a powerful twist. There's no character named rebecca
That we've been tricked. No
Yeah, okay, um
Well, that's the trailer. How do they even they're still talking about this movie in this article though
You don't have to watch strictly confidence. This is just this is an ad for strictly confidential
I mean, honestly on the whole I think it's nice to make movies with your friends
I say support local cinema. How is this local cinema local to the Los Angeles nepotism scene
You know nepotopia. Oh, yeah, the part of Los Angeles called nepotopia. Yeah support your local nepotistic celebrity cinema
Where your weird model angular son makes a movie about you having sex with your daughter's friends
Yeah
Yeah, I guess that might be what that movie's about. It's mostly about women looking upset. Here's what art gathered from it
It's like we're like, oh
Basically, they are fuck, but then ladies make this thing
Oh
You know, I don't know if I want the stream to be
Whatever that was
Just me doing some movie
Okay, um
Great good work. Good work. Yeah, I'll do good work
We covered that news story with the respect it deserves and I appreciate you staying professionally on it
I'm just here to report the facts and the facts today were
Uh, it's not exactly an incest movie
But it's going to a little bit of incest flavor in case that's why your palate is
And uh with that I'll say
I'm going to daddy or mommy. So feel me doing whatever you want. Baby Harley say a lighter
The worst sign off yet
great
It sounds white lady coated
It was a lot of it was white beach teens
What if what if white beach teens were sad?
I guess it's an independent movie. If you're the son of a famous person though, is it ever really an independent movie?
I guess yes
They should let yeah, they should just let him bring back the oc. I missed that show
My brother not my brother who could be my brother was very into the oc in college
He means all of his male friends. He went to an all-male college, which I went to for one year
They'd get together. They'd watch the oc. They were very invested
I've only seen the first couple episodes because I came to it a little too late
But
It seems like that Ryan guy had it rough. He's from a shitty part of LA with a mom that's drunk
He never stood a chance Rebecca the new Ryan she could be Rebecca
No
Don't watch your mom have sex
She's from the right part of town, but she's spent her whole life watching her model mom have sex with her friends
Please tell me they weren't watching it from their sleeping bags. That's probably how it went in college
I think all the guys that get together with their sleeping bags. They'd watch the oc and probably do some drugs
All right, um, you know we where we haven't been recently
In too long honestly is the streets. I gotta check in on trip every once in a while or
Who knows you might fuse with the park become one with the park
You can't have that so if you have any thoughts if you have any opinions
Fire them up and put them in the chat triple find them on the streets
Usually the first four or five
He's very good at finding a first come first serve trip brad scene basis
So if you have any thoughts put him in the chat, we'll check in with trip
We'll see how he's doing because it's time for trip on the street
Oh, it's good to be back
I'd actually never left but you're back with me out here on these streets my beautiful park
I feel a strong sense of ownership over in the sense that we all own the beautiful park
I'm a man of the people. I'm a man of the streets. I'm trip brad steam
So if you have any opinions throw them in the chat
I'll be sniffing them out here on the streets a lot of smells out here
But I can smell your opinions straight through all the pigeon and human stink
Some really smelly pigeons actually in this particular park. I don't know what that's about a unique musk for the pigeons. I think
It's all the plastics in the shawarma that they eat out of the trash
Hope you're all having a great day. Good to see you all
Mungim probably saying that wrong junk dog gearless joe nomad stony four seven to our instagram
Checker routers. Oh, I see an Ian ward a peter barue
The fact that cases on instagram means that all of his friends
From other things have to be like what the fuck is case doing and they're like, oh
The people that never didn't even realize I was streaming are we gonna be like, uh, I mean case was
Who's this more handsome version of case?
With beautiful hair that's for smarter people than me to figure out
All right, let's
talk to someone
I can tell that the streets are brimming with opinions
Um, and I can see some spicy ones on the horizon
So let's get them over here. Excuse me
Uh, you there
I'm trip red steam
Do you mind talking to me?
Well, oh
Wow
Good bradstain
Uh, hello there. Wow
um
Well, I'm a big fan. That's how he's great to hear. Oh
Hey there. Uh, well anyway trip. I'm
moushmush mick moushmush
Here, you know, yeah, I see you
You know, it's insane to me that the letter y is pronounced
Oh
And
Wow sound and the letter wobbly. It was pronounced with a y sound
Honestly, what were they thinking?
I'm just upset. No one's it's like no one even talks about this
Hmm. Well, what would you have them say?
Mush mush mick moushmush. It's a muck mush. It's mush mush mick moushmush
My bad muck muck. Well, I mean, what do you want him to say? I don't think
The english language is
There's a mess of contradiction
How come if I say
I stink but
People think I have got more to say
This is a very butt focused dream. I forgot that
It's all just meant to be the end of the sentence. I stink but
You mean your butt stinks. Yeah
Well, you're just saying it backwards. That's the craziness of language
And I mean, are you w a w has a what sound a y has a
I don't understand your basic complaint
W is pronounced with a y sound y
It's not it's w what no with the sound. Whoa. That's a y sound. That's a w sound. Whoa
Um, I just I guess don't get w
Double w. Okay. I see it. Yeah, why? Well, now that's a y sound. We're double y
No, it's double u. There should be a u in there
You why? Oh my god. Do not who's on first meet. I will not get sucked into this. Why?
Double y
You're not trapping me
Okay, well
Thank you moose moose make moose moose
That's my name. Why wear it out? I didn't find it
Find what I just didn't I was going to I was trying to leave you with a real barn burner
But I think my basic point stands the english language is our
I don't know my way is a real mess
Yeah
I'll go I'll go big fan
At least he's a fan
Um, let's see who else is out here today
But there's lots of people out on the streets that buy in the chat
Okay
Um, let's see who this is. Oopsie
Excuse me. Um, I see another hot opinion approaching. But what do you got to say to me?
Trip bad thing
Um, yes, howdy trip. Uh, hello little fellow
It's my can I talk to you about something?
That's yeah, that's what we're here for
It's my
Opinion that former mayor munch cut is maintaining his or my immorality by means of cicada genetics
Okay, little guy. What makes you say that?
I just think he needs to release the formula to the general population
At least give it, you know to crawl out of spite. What's the general formula?
Cicada genetics
What makes you think he's immortal?
He says he is all the time
Munch cut the guy who was debating early. Yeah, you ain't watched. Well, I'm out on here on these streets
He claims to be a mortal
Yeah, and I think it's due to the genetics of the cicadas
Well, they die really quickly
Yeah, but they come back every 17 years like a Dracula bug
I think I think Dracula comes back every 100 years in the Castlevania lore
I'm a hamster. I don't know about that
And hamster lore Dracula comes back every 17 years or 13. That's just cicadas exactly
So that's I think that munch cuts becoming immortal using that
Well, you were a hamster. So as insane as that theory is I'm still impressed
Thanks
And I didn't know that hamsters had Dracula. They're on Dracula's
Yeah, they're Ham Dracula's
And to think about that
Well, there have been a couple variations of hamster Dracula's. There was dramhacula
Dramhacula?
Yeah, there was Ham Broker's Ham Dracula
Ham Broker's Ham Dracula?
That's one of the more popular ones. There was
Dracula-Lambster
Dracula-Lambster
That's sort of the Grady 2000's reboot
And in that one
He's a hamster with things. What is he in the other one? A hamster with a cape
It took us a while to sort out all the parts of Dracula
And when we did we named them Hamula
Ham-Hamacula
I think you changed the name
Hamsteratu, we haven't gotten there yet for hamsters. I don't understand. How are there? Why are there so many versions?
Hamsters are communal storytelling
Society
I don't need this much hamster lore. You don't have to explain this much to me hamster
Don't you want to know about the ins and outs of how hamsters spread their lore? I don't
Hamster Helsing. Yeah, but for us that's a song about the devil
That's our devil went down to Georgia as hamster Helsing
A hamster shows up and the hamster devil comes up who's called hemble
Oh my god
But hemble says I challenge you to run in a wheel faster than me and all while singing and that's why it's called
Hamster Helsing because they're singing about hell while running
So for us that's a different story. Oh my oh my god. Oh my god. All right. That's a thank you for the information
I don't need to know every hamster version of every story. It's a deep culture though with all of our own tales
That's fine. You don't want to know more. I'm fine
I'll tell you anything you want to know about hamster storytelling
It's a proud oral tradition and we recently learned also how to rap. Oh my god. Please don't we have enough of that on this stream
Okay, I'm just saying
What was the hamster 9-11?
um
That's when they canceled ham tarot on cartu network
For us
It's a day we'll never forget
we were in our little cages and
The little boys and girls who own us they turned on cartu network at the time that ham tarot was supposed to be on
and instead
It was zatch bell
Jesus christ
I'm so that must have been really hard for you. It's a day we'll never forget
So sorry that zatch bell took that from you zatch bell got us. Okay. Well, um
Thanks, thank you and let me know I'll come back anytime. Okay. Well, I think I got enough
Well, I mean there's a lot more stuff. I can say I believe you
Okay, I'm a big fan
I'm a little guy that has a big fan. He's kind of a huge floating mass of hamster actually
I wouldn't describe him as little at all
Uh, looks like we're full on opinions for the day by the way. Thank you so much
Bit on it is a vibe. Thank you so much. The vibe is
What's this doing on here? Okay, and I appreciate that vibe
Um, anyway, it looks like we do have a full docket of opinions for the day
So if you got them, I would advise just saving some more opinions for next time
I'll be back eventually. You never know when Trippy Beal comes slithering out of his hole
Actually, no, we do have room for one more opinion. I spoke too soon. We have room for one more anybody's got one more
And then I think we're full
Uh, but we're gonna go to another hot opinion is approaching me on these streets right now
And I love to talk to the people
um, let's
This one that might be too questionable to talk to
Uh
Okay, what's this guy's deal
Yeah
Hello a trip. Yeah, okay a trip long time no see. Okay. You don't have to do this all time. Oh wow
All right, it's been like what 20 years. Um
Yeah, I haven't seen you since high school. I went off and married the first girl that would um, okay
What's your wow? Oh, all right. You're excited. That's fine
Yeah
That was too loud
Yeah
You know, you know, all right, um, what what do you do? I
Do you don't remember me? I I uh, yeah, listen
I got a loss
I married the first girl that would talk to me. All right, you're getting confused
All right, she taught me trip after a few months and it took a dark turn
Okay
I got lost in an unhealthy amount of allergy medicine, man. Okay. Like a lot a lot a lot
Yeah, I was high on an allergy
Okay
It's a lot. Anyway, I almost two years. I lost doing clarity and debauched two clarity bottles a day two years of that are a blur
So what I want to ask is if you have any trips for finding
Gun
Where is gun
Um, I
Don't
know
How to help you I don't know how to help you. You don't remember me. I you um
mark
Lucky guess, man. You got it. You knew you knew me. Okay. Your name is mark. Yeah
Yeah, yeah, how do I find god, man?
God is a
What do you want for me? I want you to tell me how to find god, man
Okay, well, look, uh, I know music is not necessarily literal
But based on what you just said to me, he was looking right at you and asking where is he?
Oh my god. He was right in front of me the whole time. Thank you trip. Yeah
Um, happy to help mark. We were best friends were
Yep, all right. Well, thanks mark. Have a good one
I'll see you in another several years now that I've found god
I'm gonna celebrate with some Allegra. Don't do it, man. Don't go down that path. I need some Allegra
I gotta go. I want it
We want it
What the fuck help your friend. I jied to
I listened to his song and I said
What and to me that's the most I can do
Um, anyway, I think we're done looks like no more opinions came down the opinion shoot
So unless there's another one, I think that's a strong way to end it for the day actually
So I'll just I'm just gonna I'm gonna hide in my bush if I get recognized too much
I think it's good for me to go hide
But thank you for all your opinions today. Thank you for the support
I'll be back out on these streets at some point. Maybe case. I'll actually get on a schedule
I bought a sleep often because where I'm on east coast time technically based on this looking like new york
Anyway, that's a whole thing. We'll get into it later. I'm tripping. See you soon
It's great to see trip and mark back together
You know friends reunited
Trip and mark
You to make a stronger ai song for trip. Oh, yeah, there's no trip that we can eventually theme out everybody eventually
There's no limit to the amount of themes we can do
all right
All right
Let's do another news. Let's actually cover all three of the stories today
That I said I would
We even did the Liz Hurley incest story
And this is a classic one all the way from the days of the back feed
I consider this story deeply personal to me and that's chest cheating with your ass
a basically made up story
That nonetheless
I can't help but click on
Every time I see something related to it
So I guess let's get a I don't know let's get jeff in here
To cover another important piece of news for us
Um, yeah, you'll see
Uh, thanks for being here
Oh, I clicked the wrong thing. Thanks for being here jeff. You got to get better at clicking on stuff
Uh, good to see everybody. I'm jeff ripple. Oh my god. I'm back again. Turn on this fucking trash music turn on my music
You know
Don't go settling for less honey. I forgot that everybody has their own goddamn track. Yes, we do god damn it
I'm the best one though. That's what they all say. Yeah, but mine is
There's no denying that mine is the best everyone can feel it
When you're wrong, I can feel it. Uh, yeah, it's a good one. Thanks, buddy
Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you
Okay, thank you so much
Thanks
Any news
There's always news and that's why I'm here to keep you as informed as possible
Is your ass safe still has this scandal the scandal that refuses to unclench
The st. Louis chess scandal inspires offers of free anal vibrators to level the playing field
And finally case you can save a little money. I know you go through them fast
I wouldn't be ashamed to go through them fast jeff. I'm not trying to shame you
That was an earnest concern as a friend
If anything, it just proves that I'm
Tight and strong down there
That's true
The chess world is still feeling the vibrations of the buzziest chess story of 2022
Which went down in st. Louis and featured one prodigy of the game being accused of cheating via vibrating anal beads in his rectum
You remember that I do remember that
What was the deal with that some chess guy they claimed he was using the vibrations to cheat
Morris code style
That seems like there'd have to be a better way. Why through the ass?
Why not just like
A little ball in your pocket or something
His name was Hans it always is
The sex toy centric chess controversy started here when grandmaster magnus carlson
With drew from the synchwa field cup in a coy manner that may interpret many interpret it
What was that the news was escaping me
In a coy manner that interpreted a many interpreted as an accusation of cheating against the person he lost to then 19-year-old
Hans neiman
19-year-olds are always trying to cheat on their little tests
And their little international chess competitions with butt stuff. That's what the whole 19-year-olds are up to
I was a substitute teacher in
Dayton, Ohio and those kids would not stop cheating with their ass
You know what i'm not going to follow up on that jeff you shouldn't
One thing led to another elan must escalated the matter via tweet and in a classic example of the archival things bending towards
The weirdest and at least plausible explanation. That's not the least the anal beads rumors inserted themselves into the discourse
Who's writing this because this is good river front times
Now this is some reporting right here
It sure is the whole thing even spawned a lawsuit field in federal court in st. Louis by neiman against carlson
That was dismissed last summer
Well, I bet that lawyer had a certain advantage if you know what I mean. He was probably vibrating all around the courtroom
He was cheating on lawyering with his ass. You can cheat on anything with your ass
Those vibrations empower you to knowledge untold
Why because you really feel it you're like, I know everything
The lawsuit might be dead the relationship between anal beads and competitive chess now seems permanent like cracker jackson baseball
Or domestic beer and the nfl a relationship that has never had any issues. I can't think of any you know recent
schisms there nothing at all
Wow, even there
People's fear of butt stuff gets in the way
America needs to evolve its opinions on butt stuff. It really does
With that in mind wellness company we vibe is offering free anal stimulation toys to all players in the next month's world chess championship in toronto
As the world watches in anticipation
We vibe is proud to support the world chess championship the company said in a statement
They said they hope to empower players to make their moves with confidence both inside and outside the game
Is that a sex pun?
Yeah, you know if you're talking butt stuff any any phrases at all will get you there in out
in
Out it's just those ones. Well if you say them enough
butt stuff for everyone exactly card king
Was randy mcnally
Randy mcnally was probably like
I like it
It's great
They're talented
And I love to watch them play
The eight player double round robin style candidate's terminate will take place over two and a half weeks in toronto starting april third
The winner of what will take the winner of that will take home
Stop just sound it out. I can read the winner of that will take on defending champion ding liren
Curiously carlson has already withdrawn from the affair. No word yet from we vibe if he still gets a free butt plug
Well, they should really give him one. He started off this whole sales bonanza for them
Every chess player in the world putting something in their ass every chess board coming with a free butt plug
That's not what this story said, but it's
Be smart marketing
Because I'll buy if they throw in a butt plug I'll start playing chess
That would get you to to learn the
Algorithm it's not
Is it a strategy? Oh, that's the word I was looking for
Yes, um, except the knight. Well wait
Wait a minute
In the right hands
Isn't every chess piece
Just a butt plug
Wait
I should be playing chess
This is why we do the news jeff
I've been missing out on so much chess
And I could have been playing so hard
Just don't leave the pieces out
That's part of it for me police after checkmate. I think you probably should
Well
That's the most important story we've covered in a while
No, debateably
I yep. Yeah, you know, yeah, sure
Sure. Yeah, sure
All right. Well, um, that was a quick story
Sometimes you throw a rocket upon and it just makes a little bit of his flash
But even the smallest splash creates a ripple and that's why I'm named jeff ripple. That's why your name jeff ripple
That's sure. That's why I'm named jeff ripple. I'll be back. I'll see you soon. That's the power news
Still waiting for the butt plug fed to get competitive gaming we can hope I think it'll get there eventually
The bishop is one of the safer pieces
Any of the chessboards where they have arms and sharp implements those are dangerous for jeff to play with but
Your classic like standard chessboard a lot of those could be butt plugs
At least a few
Ponderbeel
Yes
Exactly
hmm
Let's um
There's some more chet science in the thread
Let's end off with some check guide to science eyes
He doesn't have a stunt for you today, but who knows you might decide that he does
Uh
We'll we'll educate ourselves at the end of the stream here. This is a very
Educational stream, but let's not stop it now with some check guy the science
I had this science lab for a reason
And he's to do all the skies in the world with all of you my loyal lab assistants
You can get it on this science too
How are you doing my powerful a i science?
colleague
That's great to be here chet
I'm ready to
Empower our minds with the power of some sick science dude. It's nasty
It is fucking nasty the way we do science science isn't all about numbers
and
Letters with equal signs between them
It's also about heart
And I feel like I'll bring more heart to these sides than anyone because I've
Ducks that told me I have a very huge heart
Inflamed in it and there's no telling how long I have
Oh, um
Nice. Yeah, exactly sick. Nice, but dude, maybe he's up on the
Egg egg yolks. I gotta eat at least 13 egg yolks a day
Okay
That's impressive bro. Don't
Yeah, exactly
You mean that yeah, I'm totally mean that okay good
Because it's in your programming that you gotta fucking agree with me man. So get on it
Oh, baby
What kind of science has I have my lab assistants per key room for us today is my question
And I'm ready to fucking learn
It's time to science. All right, let's see what we got here
It's a strong science time
Look at this fucking batty
Ready to fucking science at us a tip of the knife
Into a large
Heavy potato. Look it's barely holding it if I take a mallet and I hit the handle like this
Will the potato drop?
Let's check
Love it
Look the blade went deeper and deeper through the potato because the potato is inertial
It didn't have time to move
It did not move every time when I hit the handle now safety issue when you decide to remove this potato from the knife
Don't touch the knife blade with your fingers. Do this
You insert do we have a fucking hammer here?
Um, I don't actually know if we have potatoes
What kind of science lab is this we ain't got potatoes potatoes, I mean, um, obviously you'd be sick to have potatoes, dude, but
Also, I don't know if you should be wielding blades on stream. Why shouldn't I?
Well, that's a great point. Never mind. If you want to wield a blade on stream, I'd say that's fair
That's totally fucking fair and get me a potato
Uh
Check the fridge
Shit, I gotta do it myself. I forgot you don't have arms because you're a computer
All right, let me see if I got a potato so I can make this fucking science happen
Obviously what she did was impressive, but we do like to confirm the results here. So give me just a second
So good news
This is sick. I found a potato
now look
The only issue with the potato is
I bet it's the same size as her but because I'm so huge it looks tiny
But I think courtesy of science this is a way to
We're varying our results
We're test we're we're changing the
aquarium wall
to
Confirmatize
It should work with a small potato. I think dude. Oh sick. Okay. Good because that's basically what I was getting it
I also do have a little hammer. Hey
I'm doing the science now
All right
Now the only thing I have to do is not stab myself with this knife. Oh my god. The knife is wavy. Oh, no
It's been infected with my wavy hand syndrome. Is the knife still safe to use? Uh
I don't know
I also have my hammer ready just in case you need me to
electronically confirm these results
I might
Oh, no, my hammer is wavy as shit, too
Oh, fuck. I forgot that my face has its own form of gravity
That's rough. Wow. How does that work? I wish I knew myself the doctors still can't tell
All right, we need some fucking epic science music
Um
Before I do this important science for the day
And I also have to be careful not to stab myself in the crotch because that's where the knife will be pointed
But this is for science and when something is for science
I don't think it can possibly be against to s
So we're gonna keep that in mind while we stab the shit out of this
out of this
Yeah, oh shoot. I think I stabbed it wrong
Oh, no, this is
Okay, this is easy science for me
Okay, guys
It's climbing
It's a climber
This is science
It did it weird because the potato was too small for my huge-ass wavy knife
But look at the power of science
And just like that you take a delicious bite out of your potato apple
What the fuck that shit sucked computer
Why didn't you warn me that potatoes suck when they bite or bite them wrong unlike apples?
That's not a thing you just knew dude
I was trying to celebrate with a nice potato bite
um
Don't do that man
Shit, I fuck now my mouth tastes like fucking dirty ass potato. Did you wash it? No, I didn't wash it shut
That's brave dude. You're brave as hell, man. Yeah, I've never feared a potato in my life
And then so I would have been unscientific for me to to wash it. What if the nutrients are necessary to work on the knife?
Is that thinking I had man good science thing? Yes
Fuck oh no god damn it. This water tastes like potato. Everything tastes like potato now
Shit
It was two experiments in one
And that's why chat is so good at science because he's never stopping to
Think about if he should
Exactly the bravest among us never ask why we ask
What and that's a quote that you can take to the grave
I I will
Thank you chitae
Let's do one more science in here. If there's a video I'll watch it
Shoot there's an article. What the fuck there could be a mirror universe
What does that mean?
What does that mean for us mere mortals? I guess let's find out
This is curious. This is this requires me to read which I've already done today and my eyes are tired of
Considering words, but for the sake of science, I'll read this
That's your way to go man sick. Yeah. Thank you. I do need a lot of constant affirmation
Scientists say there could be a mirror universe reflecting a parallel realm
Dark matter continues to elude detection and scientists are looking at alternate theories to explain his absence
One theory is that dark matter resides in a dark mirror universe
That failed to form atoms during the nuclear synthesis of the big bang
Every interaction in our universe the theory explains would have an accompanying interaction inside the dark matter universe
Wait a minute. Oh
He's like a dark version of me. What are you a dark matter universe being?
No, I'm an advanced AI
chaos emerald
Tell me the truth. Is he from the dark matter universe?
Damn the chaos emerald won't talk to me. What?
Sick you have a chaos emerald. I do
All right. Well you skate by today should die. I guess you're a computer. I'm a computer. I'm not dark matter
I'm not sure though
All right, well
I think we science the boat as much as I possibly can
And I think that means that this stream was a part powerful science stream
So let's send it back to potato
Uh, potat. Is he a potato?
Oh, he's a dog
Well, let's send it back to potato to send it to a different stream
and then
You won't be watching
Oh, shit. Oh, a little potato choke just got caught in my throat
Get the camera away from me. I'm choking on the potato
Power of lightning
Well guys, we did another successful stream
Another raging success
We just can't stop
Over here at the bin studios
Pito, I'm gonna go use the bathroom
Okay
Why are you leaning over to tell me that? Why are you leaning over? Cause I'm a dog. I do what I want
Anyway, can you find someone for us to raid?
Yes
I will mash my paws. All right. Thanks, buddy. Okay chat. Let's see who's out here today
Who is another streamer who loves to do
Oh, Kassim is on Kassim G
Wait, this isn't your torch rather share. No
Stop it. Stop talking at me Twitch. Okay. Let's raid Kassim
What case is timing actually sort of worked? He's doing it. He's doing it
Let's get a dog beat dog beat to send you off for the day
To do
Free disc track cycle. No, I want a dog bark beat or the dogs bark
Hard type dog beat dogs barking type beat
Yeah, this is better. Okay
Bye everybody
Let's just stream for the day. Bye. I'm sg. Bye. Bye very wolf. My life is sleazy. Have fun with Kassim
His producer flow. Jojo. He's on the board. That's monopoly. It's time. Goodbye. I'm papito, but I don't know
Greg to you. Love the hate. We done
Three two one. See you're gonna go poop in some electronics and lay along. All right. I'm done. Seriously. Yes. Bye. Bye everybody