I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Luna says he said I'm ready for the hot-rockin' return of news dad dad dad dad dad me.
Hello everybody. Good to see ya. Oh my gosh.
What a start, Sycore. Thank you so much for the raid. Hope you had a beautiful stream.
I'm back.
There's a hype train going.
Storming the studio, perfect. It's been too empty and non-existent for too long, but now we're fully back to existing.
Lady, all the tricks, thank you so much for the 23 months. How are the cats doing? Good, I think.
I was gone for a week, but Kendall was here with them for most of last week and only gone for the weekend.
So I think they're progressing.
They're still terrified of most people, but occasionally they will let us pet them now, which is exciting.
We also have a hype train going. Who we'll see if they survive past another minute.
But Archangel, thank you so much for the 30 months. Side tricks, thank you for the 30 months as well.
John Michael, 28. Nasty month. Does Pepito know what kind of dog breed he is?
Pepito, is that the kind of thing you know?
I think I'm the dog type dog breed.
You look really bright today.
What do you mean?
Doesn't seem quite right. Maybe we can fix that for him.
I feel less bright now.
Am I going gray on the sides?
It's looking good. Okay.
I've been going gray on the sides for like three years.
I think when I get it shorter though, I can't tell if it's more or less obvious when it's short.
I guess because I was blonde for a while, maybe it was harder to notice.
But since before I went blonde, I've been going gray on the sides.
I started going graying the sides around. We'll call it the middle of my 30s.
Yeah, maybe if I turn into Reed Richards, I'll finally have all of the incredibly intelligent, incisive news coverage.
I think we've all been waiting for it.
What the heck? This hype train is just not dying.
That's shocking. I guess we have no choice but to check in with the hype train.
If he's just going to keep storming around like this.
Oh wait, speaking of.
I mean they have to set the hype train up.
Sorry, I mean I have to open the scrying portal to hell.
No, no, no, no, no.
I hope everyone had a great last week. I'm assuming like usual while I was gone, no news happens.
If I'm not here. So I'll just keep assuming that's accurate.
Okay.
Is there a hype train available today?
Hype train.
Are you in fact there?
Well, well, well.
If it isn't the guy who pissed himself to death.
Okay. I was just in, I was in Lake Tahoe actually in case anyone in chat is wondering.
Probably pissing. Tell your dad.
Well, I'm currently here. So I'm back from Lake Tahoe.
Where you pissed to death. Give me a piss beat.
That's, come on, you sing about piss.
Actually, I only rap.
You rap about piss too much. Do you really need a piss type beat?
Find out if there's a piss type beat.
That's all right. We're just back. We're already just yelling about piss.
Yeah, there's a piss type beat.
Of course there's a piss type beat.
I don't know what makes it a piss type beat.
I guess this is piss though. Is this what you wanted hype train?
This is exactly what I craaaade. Piss type beat.
Making me feel like shit.
What? Why is he like piss?
Because when you piss you get so damn high.
You're feeling up your diaper just about every night.
But it feels so right to pop that diaper right off.
You know, it wasn't that long of a piss type beat.
But what if I told you hype train that there's a whole piss type beat mix?
I don't know what makes this a particular piss type beat, but check it out Chad.
It really is a, it's a mix piss type beat.
Look at this one.
I mean, I gotta keep looking at stuff.
This one hurts.
Woooo! This is exactly the piss type beat I requested.
And it's pissing with the best of the piss kids.
I love to piss on this beat.
I love to feel of it going in the bowl.
Pissing all over my nasty piss soul.
Pissing cause the hype train's on a permanent roll. I love to piss.
I love to pee!
What the fuck was that hype train?
I got too hyped about the piss type beat.
And it fucked with reality.
Can you just thank the subs? Is that possible?
Give me a longer piss type beat and maybe I can, yeah maybe I can thank some people I guess.
Oh, you're back to the piss type mix?
There's only so many piss type beats on YouTube hype train.
That's what you're wrong.
Then YouTube was founded in the year 1872. They had one goal.
One simple dream.
All they had were a couple computers in the year 1872, so they weren't very fast.
But they still had one simple dream. Do you know what the dream was, Kate?
Piss?
That's correct. Really lucky, I guess. Their dream was to piss forever.
They knew if they strapped all the 1872 computers together, that they could make the world
feel the piss.
And they followed that dream in their bliss and every day we
got a little bit more piss to the world.
Yeah girl, more piss in the world.
Every day that around YouTube or Twitter or anything on the internet
we fill it up with piss and it gets better every day.
Every day is better, better, better, yeah.
And I got some people to thank for making every day just a little bit more piss ill for a vow.
I'm out here, hundred having a bowel.
And I'm also pissing out of my mouth because piss comes from the balls.
That is not correct.
Piss comes from the balls. The balls are where you store your piss.
Quantum Tunneler 910 gets that. He knows that the balls store all the piss.
You know who gets that case?
Nobody else gets it because it's not right, hype train.
Also understanding the scientific facts.
For more than 10 days in Skymer with the gift it's of.
Who understands what I'm saying?
S1000 giving all that piss one big pound in for a 31 month they have
understand the scientific principle that piss comes from the balls man.
John Michael with the 28 months and you know they don't front because they piss from their balls.
Citrix also pisses from their balls.
Thirty of them pissing from their balls.
Lady all the tricks.
Ladies also piss from their balls.
Simple facts from a hype train who loves YouTube.
What goes out 33 months filling up the art world with piss while they piss from the balls.
Make us piss comes from the balls. Yeah!
Believe in yourself.
Everybody says that on this stream.
Believe in your balls because they're full of piss and they have to let that piss out every 20 minutes.
Everybody pisses from their balls.
If you're pissing every 20 minutes that's a hype, that's a problem hype train.
Maybe for you but not for me and not for Kimmy the brain.
For 24 months they've been pissing 20 balls.
20 months of pissing out of their balls you know what?
What?
They've been pissing out of their balls for 20 months case.
Can you stop implying that all of my viewers piss from their balls?
Believe in yourself.
The mighty eyes with a hundred bits.
You know where you could throw those hundred bits.
Your balls?
Wrong.
The balls are wrong before your piss.
I thought the song was done.
There's a bit more though.
It's really suddenly.
The pee is stored in the balls.
It's in the balls.
Everybody gets it now.
That's what I'm here for to help.
So did I do a good job?
No.
Yeah like you'd know.
Well anyway sorry chat piss is not stored in the balls.
You fucking liar!
Okay but thank you so much for the subs and bits.
Pee is stored upside down in the balls.
That's now we're getting into the advanced ball piss theory.
I don't even have time to get into the ways it's stored in the balls.
Unless of course there's more of a beat.
Cut train you're gonna die in about nine,
in less than 90 seconds.
And that's where you're wrong.
Have you ever seen a painting by the artist MC Escher?
Yes.
Well piss is stored in the balls in a way similar to those paintings.
How so?
Paint.
The balls are full of pink piss.
Piss is painted into the balls by the ghosts of various great artists.
What?
The fact of the matter is piss is stored in the balls through the power of art.
The ghosts of great artists such as Mozart.
What?
And Picasso and others.
The spirits are summoned from the grave in what they are on earth.
They only have one goal.
And that's to paint some piss into your balls so that it can be stored there.
I'm not even gonna ask questions I've trained because this makes so little sense.
You don't have to understand the gods plan.
The plan of the gods was to make great art so that ghosts who make great art could return.
And once they're on earth they'll make a half-wondering.
And that is to fill up your balls with piss art.
Human piss.
Human piss is art piss case you just had your first break through.
I'm not cutting back to you.
I just, Papito just don't cut back to him.
Sorry you have no choice.
What?
You can't stop me.
Should I keep going?
No.
Anyway.
Also there's various containers in the ball.
Would you like me to list them?
I really would prefer that you didn't.
The first container is Tupperware.
But it's been eschewed in a cosmic sense.
But it still can be condensed.
And the piss in the Tupperware is highly condensed.
Also there are mouths in the balls of hungry people who love piss.
The spirits that fed on piss in life also live in your balls.
And they store some of the piss as well.
And those are the only two storage mechanisms.
Okay.
Anyway I have some more people to fix.
Could you please do that instead?
Exterminator.
With the 33 months.
Hype trace piss in my veins.
Well actually piss is stored in your balls which only has a few veins.
Just kidding about there only being two ways that it's stored.
Piss is also stored in the veins of the balls.
There's three ways I was just testing you.
How are you still alive for two and a half minutes?
Because I'm telling people important stuff.
I thought this was a news network case.
La la la la la la la.
Thanks Tasty.
I'm glad that we're all learning together.
The mitochondria is the powerhouse of the balls.
It's a breach you at least understand science.
Yeah.
But yeah now we all do.
Card King thank you so much for the community sub.
And also for the other community sub.
That's actually two community sub.
I've dreamed I'd just like to point out that you argue that the ghosts of artists
paint piss into your balls.
That they store in Tupperware and Mouse.
The Mighty Oz thank you for the 100 bits.
And also
thanks Skymer thank you so much for giving us a sub.
Your piss is stored in the balls.
It's piss is stored in the balls.
I read it as piss is stored in the balls.
Well you're singing about how piss is stored in the balls.
So what do you think it is Hype Train?
I thought you were on vacation man why'd you come back so stressed?
Because you're being...
This is not useful information you're providing.
I guess I'll just...
I guess I just want to keep singing about piss being in the balls that...
Also earlier you said you don't sing you rap.
Yeah so imagine how important this is to me that I'm actually singing about it case.
Yeah you don't have to keep singing about this.
Actually I rap.
Oh.
Ooh I'm not mad.
Anyway I was Lake Tahoe.
Now you care about how Lake Tahoe was?
You know whatever I don't actually care.
Yeah I figured.
Yeah you mad bro?
You mad?
I'm not I'm cool as a cucumber.
That's a stupid thing to say.
No it's not it's a normal thing it's a very common term to phrase.
You know it's actually based on a racist saying.
Cool cool as a cucumber?
How so?
Uh...
I'm not here to teach you that.
What is that what...
Okay fine what is the origin of cool as a cucumber?
I bet it's not related to something racial.
I hope.
If you want everybody to learn hype train.
The idiom and this is from an AI overview so you know it has to be right.
The idiom kills a cucumber originated in the 18th century appearing in British poet John Gray's 1732 poem
New Song on New Smiles.
The phrase is used to describe someone who is calm, relaxed and composed.
Me essentially hype train.
You seem stressed out.
New song on new smiles.
Calm, relaxed.
No that's not part of it psych or racist as hell that you use that same case.
You know what let's look up the poem then.
I bet it's fine.
Is this made up? Did this AI overview make this up?
No okay there's other people saying this is the case.
New song on new smiles.
Can you read this hype train?
Can you do me a favor and actually read something for once instead of just yelling about piss and dicks?
Actually it was balls case.
Get it together.
Give me another type of piss type beat to sing this over.
This is a sad type beat.
It's called a loan.
It's on the playlist piss type beats though just so you know Chad.
It's still a piss type beat.
And we knew that. We've been knowing that.
Even when we're alone man.
The power of poem man.
Will get us through. Damn.
Get ready for this a new song of new smiles by John Gay.
My passion is a mustard storm.
I sit all sober sad.
Joke as a piper all day long.
Or like a merch hair man.
You know he's not making this up is this really the poem?
Is this really it?
Wait I gotta make sure I didn't click on the wrong poem.
That's because that seems like it can't be the poem.
I also really I don't like the word poem.
Every time I say it more than a few times on stream I feel like I'm doing something wrong.
That can't be the that can't be what it was.
Also why can't I find this?
On any other website.
New song new smiles.
John Gay.
It has to be a but it has to be better written than that right?
What the fuck?
Dude this is a secret this is secret art that I'm not allowed to find.
I swear to God Chad I can't find this.
You're right I might I might cause a hype train to die if I'm not careful.
New song on new smiles.
I'm opening way too many tabs my computer's gonna crash from looking this up.
I can't believe I can't find this.
What the frick?
Hey guys.
It's blowing my mind.
What is the origin of the phrase cool as a cucumber?
Don't retain.
I can't believe I can't find this.
I feel like I got the AI overview of the poem.
Maybe this is just made up.
This is all a lie.
Somehow searching this brought me to this.
This is what searching for this poem brought me to.
Maybe it's just too old but maybe this is maybe this is the
maybe this is what came out in the 1800s.
It's just whatever's happening out here.
Okay maybe I can find it in a light in like a digital library.
Oh or we just don't even worry about it.
Because the hype train officially died.
How do you feel about that now hype train?
Now that you're dead.
I am.
I feel great.
No you're dead.
It's only dying actually.
Delayed death.
Why can't I find the...
Why can't I find this?
Why is it a secret?
Why are they denying us the beautiful art of new song on new
Smiles by John Gaye.
Oh wait it's not Smiles it's Similes.
I've been reading it wrong the whole time.
A new song of new similes.
I did type it in as similes.
Yeah well I mean I was an English major not a reading major.
I think my version of it much like all of my improper
reads of the Beatles songs it's better if it's Smiles actually.
Because we all need a little bit more Smiles in our life.
I need to find this.
This is driving me crazy.
Not the hype train yelling about piss for ten minutes straight.
But then I can't find a new song of new similes.
For some reason.
I guess it's so related to the phrase as cool as a cucumber that the thing that it
pulls up when you search it is just a bunch of pictures of this dog with a
yellow cucumber on its head.
I guess it's a more popular meme than the original artwork.
The original powerful prose of John Gay.
Okay let's just see.
A new song of new similes in 1732 I didn't even have the date right.
Okay I guess it was.
I guess it was what I found earlier.
Because it is being quoted in a few places with those crazy.
Those crazy lyrics.
We'll read this little excerpt from it guys.
Before we move on.
At least according to Esper Borzoi.
It was 1732 one of John Gay's poems.
And he put it with these pictures of a dog.
My passion is a mustard strong.
I sit all sober sad drunk as a piper all day long.
Or like a Marcher mad.
Round as a hoop the bumpers flow I drink yet can't forget her.
For those drunk as David's sow I love her still the better.
Pert as a pair monger I'd be if Molly were but kind.
Cool as a cucumber could see the rest of woman kind.
I take it back it's actually that's very good.
Good job 1772 John Gay.
Well that seems like as good of a transition as any to get into the news.
Thanks for coming back to hang out on this stream.
That is mostly about yelling about piss.
But also occasionally powerful poetry from the 18th century.
OK it's news time.
It's still your design.
Don't let them take it from you.
Yepy-yepy.
It's more news from me.
I am Jeff Ripple and you probably are a person or a pet who has been left home alone.
Good to see you either way.
You think there's any pets watching us?
If just somebody left like twitch on for some reason and then they left.
It could be at least one pet watching.
Anything they're watching.
If they're looking at the screen it counts as watching case.
Let's not start all angry.
OK there's enough problems in the world and they're being solved by martial law.
Let's get into it.
The president who happens to be Donald Trump happens.
Yes happens to be Donald Trump in case you forgot.
He takes over DC police an extraordinary move and has deployed the National Guard in the capital.
Because we're still waiting on I guess we should call a good reason for it.
But what there probably is a reason.
What reason do you think it is?
Well you know crime and it's there.
So something like that.
OK let's see if there's any comments.
As somebody who lives near DC we now have more things to fear than a fat old man on a roof.
Well he's one of the I mean he's up there making plans.
Seemingly he got on the roof looked out over the city and said I should take this over.
Didn't he already take it over by winning the election?
Not enough apparently.
Does Papito know what breed of dog he is?
He said he's the breed of dog that is dog I believe.
Would Papito eat the cats if given the opportunity?
I'll speak for Papito here and say yes he would and I have to stop it at all times.
He's dangerous. He's a dangerous little freak.
That's true.
Is Papito related to the dog from the old Taco Bell commercials?
Yes.
You're just gonna say that?
Yeah I think they're brothers.
What?
Yeah let's say that that's true.
Okay.
The hype drain is more fun than the real news.
That's probably true.
Piss from the balls is about as reasonable as anything I'm about to read off of any of these news websites
and that's where you're wrong because I'll be reading it case.
So are you saying he could have called on the guard on January 6th and didn't?
Um yeah I guess when he was president he could have declared,
he could have called on the National Guard to crack down on the city.
I mean he could have tried to perform a military coup on January 6th.
I'll put it that way.
But I don't know if he had the support to do it.
Nor do I, I mean here he's declaring National, he's declaring Marshall,
well he's not even declaring Marshall a lot,
calling in the National Guard and taking over the DC police directly
to crack down on what they're claiming is a rampant crime rate from my understanding.
And can you prove that there isn't?
I think crime spiked in DC in 2023.
There were like more homicides and there's just a general uptick in crime in 2023
and then it fell in 2024 from my understanding.
Either way I don't think the solution is to call in the fucking National Guard.
Hmm well cases throwing his opinions in as usual.
When really we haven't even read the actual facts case being supplied to us by Reuters,
US President Donald Trump again in case you forgot said on Monday
he was deploying 800 National Guard troops to Washington
and temporarily taking over the city's police department
an extraordinary assertion of presidential power in the nation's capital.
Trump's move, which is to do something that looks like this, cars and cops,
bypasses the city's elected leaders and is emblematic of his-
Is there a ghost in here?
I don't know. What the fuck?
We're talking about crime?
In which sense.
Look there's some kind of crime is happening and I'll leave it up to chat
to figure out who's doing it.
Trump's move as bypass city leaders and is emblematic of his second term approach
which has seen him wield executive authority in ways with little precedent
in modern US history and in defiance of political norms.
Well, but he's making them normal, right?
He's definitely normalizing some things that could have consequences.
Yeah, but you're saying it kind of sarcastically.
Well maybe sarcasm can be a certain protective measure
against the likely future we're all facing.
This could have consequences.
Now it sounds kind of like a MENTOS commercial.
That's fun for me.
The president casts his actions as necessary to rescue Washington
from a purported wave of lawlessness.
Statistics show that violent crime shot up in 2023
but has been rapidly declining since.
Oh lucky you case, you got the date right.
Yeah, this is all over the news today.
Dev needed coffee, dev can't type.
You're doing just fine.
We've got some comments pouring in though.
CBI under Trump just said it's a 30 year low in crime.
See, he could be taking credit for the really low crime rate in DC.
I wonder why he's not?
Well you know, you can never have too many cops.
You can definitely have too many cops.
He also mistook Alaska for Russia today.
Oh yes, he's also going to fix Ukraine finally.
He's getting around to it.
Yeah, we can maybe talk about that after we cover this.
Other civil rights infringement story.
Par for the course.
On the bright side.
You're back from a week and we're not talking about Jeffrey Epstein.
Yeah, maybe this is how he finally gets Jeffrey Epstein out of the news
by just declaring martial law essentially all over the country.
I'm assuming this is in the article but he's, I think he told LA to watch out
to like take a look at DC because this could be you.
Can you imagine if LA was flooded with a bunch of violent cops?
I whoof, what an impossible situation to imagine.
Our capital has been overtaken by violent gangs and blood-curt thirsty criminals,
Trump told a news conference.
I think today, and you know what?
Why hear me say it when we can listen to him kind of blabber about it.
Wow. Wow.
I've been up here a lot.
I've never seen a crowd like this.
I'm announcing a historic action to rescue our nation's capital
from crime, bloodshed, bedlam, and squalor and worse.
This is liberation day in DC and we're going to take our capital back.
We're taking it back under the effect.
You're completely right, Card King.
It is just a Fox News panel.
He just loves Fox News morning shows so much.
He's trying to turn our entire governing executive branch into exactly that
and frankly has fully succeeded.
So congrats to him for that.
He's already vested in me as the president of the United States.
I'm officially invoking section 740 of the District of Columbia Home Rule Act.
You know what that is?
We all know.
And placing the DC Metropolitan and Police Department under direct federal control.
In addition, I'm deploying the National Guard to help reestablish law order of public safety
in Washington, DC and they're going to be allowed to do their job properly.
And you people are victims of it too.
You're reporters and I understand a lot of you.
Me too.
I'm a reporter.
You don't want to get mugged and raped and shot and killed.
What?
And you all know people and friends of yours that happened.
And so you can you imagine, you know, any of the crimes he listed, people who might be intimately familiar with them, just from the crimes he listed.
Can you imagine if anyone in that room really knew about one of those crimes?
It can be any, anything you want, but you want to have safety in the streets.
You want to be able to leave your apartment or your house where you live and feel safe and go into a store to buy a newspaper or buy something.
And you don't have that now.
Our capital city has been overtaken.
I should have also been, you know, I really could have just been doing this actually.
And by violent gangs and bloodthirsty criminals roving mobs of wild youth, drugged down.
Roving mobs of wild youth?
And we're not going to let it happen anymore.
We're not going to take it.
So his solution is just to call on what the National Guard forever until those were you stop roving.
What choice?
What choice do we have?
I would like to ask at this point, what choice do we have?
Who are you asking exactly?
Just anybody.
Could anybody let me know what choices I have, please?
Because I'm starting to not love all the choices that we have.
Yeah, there's some pretty bad choices in front of us.
And we don't get to choose them actually.
So well, I'm sure if I keep reading this story, it'll start to seem okay.
Oh yeah, yeah, keep reading.
Okay.
It is the second time this summer that the Republican president has deployed troops to a democratically governed city.
A federal trial began on Monday in San Francisco on whether Trump violated US law by deploying National Guard troops to Los Angeles in June without approval of California Governor Gavin Newsom.
Well, at least we've got Gavin Newsom to protect us.
More great choices in front of us.
I love all of the choices that we have in this country.
National Guard troops, they were in LA.
And Trump signaled the other major US cities with democratic leadership could be next, including Chicago, a city that has long been...
Reuters, beset by violent crime.
Although it was done.
I mean the other thing is I can't deny that there's lots of gun violence and violence in the United States.
I just don't think the solution is a bunch of cops with guns roaming the streets personally.
What do you think it is? A wellness check?
Better than some of the options actually.
So on top of all the mindless drivel, he's not talking about the plans to arrest and relook at all the homeless people in DC to horrible tent city internment camps out west.
Is that also something you talked about today?
Or is he not? Is he not? Is he just doing that? That's actually something I'm not super familiar with soon as there's a dev.
What choices do we have?
And I asked, so I'm glad that we're getting some answers here.
Our options are piss, September, a poopoo pee pee, fries or sales.
And of course another great option, they're piss.
I think it's pretty accurate that two of those options are the same thing.
And three of them are basically the same thing.
And then two of them are total nonsense.
Yeah, that seems about right for our options currently, just in general.
So good job, you guys nailed it.
And the winner was, you're gonna be surprised by this.
I can see case.
It was piss.
Market in your calendar.
We chose piss.
I think we've been choosing piss for a while.
Well, it is in the balls. It's not in the balls.
I just report on what I hear from any screen.
If we need to, we're going to do the same in Chicago, which is a disaster.
Said Trump, not me at the White House, adding, hopefully LA is watching.
Case is me.
Don't say your name out loud.
I was just guessing that you're gonna talk to me.
I wasn't. I was talking to Chad.
Are you watching? Well, we don't even know who's in LA in chat.
Some of them might be. Are you watching?
Is LA watching us?
LA, are you watching?
LA.
I don't think it's watching. It's watching.
Still no Epstein files.
Chad, you got to forget about that.
We've moved on to full on dictatorial action now.
There's no time to remember that he probably was part of an underage sex ring.
Allegedly. Maybe. Probably. Allegedly. Maybe.
Probably. Allegedly.
I mean, there is a fellow who hung out with a pedo and might be one himself in DC right now.
Honestly, a lot of great options to choose from there.
But I do think I know the one you mean.
His brain is mush.
And I think his plan for DC is to do that to a large portion of the population.
Yep. Seems like it.
The daring Trump selection campaign, his law and order platform, often had radical undertones.
And now some are calling them overtones. Overtone.
He's toned up.
The tone has become more active and easy to perceive for sure.
Democratic cities like Baltimore, Chicago and Washington, all cities with large black populations,
when he spoke about rampant crime in urban areas,
he seemed to provide some racial tones.
Which tone are we dealing with? Maybe a brown note?
That's incorrect. I mean, it sounds a little his poopy. He kind of has poopy talk.
Jeff, just read. Okay, I'll just keep reading.
Hundreds of officers and agents from more than a dozen federal agencies have fanned out across Washington in recent days.
Attorney General Ben General, Attorney General Pam Bondi will oversee the police force, Trump said.
Oh, great. Oh, great. It'll be Pam Bondi.
She's been popular lately. Has she? Well, she's been on a lot of TV screens lately.
So I think that means popular. His tone is giving off a brown shirt kind of tone.
Yeah. I don't have to agree with anything I see on screen. You just said you do. Oh.
Administrative logistics and physical. I just want to kind of, I also want to protect myself from,
I will completely cower in cave, just so you know. I'm aware that you'll do that because I've been very upfront about that the whole time, right?
I have no ethics and I simply want to be safe.
I think you've actually been pretty upfront about that, Jeff. So just know, Mr. President, I'm willing to not be your enemy for just for any promise of safety.
I think that's probably going to honestly just in the end, not make you safe, Jeff. I'm not on his side.
You're, well, okay, you're on my network, but I'm not on his side, Mr. President. Can you stop?
Code turning? I have infinite codes and I can turn them in and out and then they're all sorts of colors and I'll turn it to whatever one you want.
All right. You're overreacting. You're overreacting. It's unclear what this measure is even going to necessarily do other than create a huge headache for everyone that lives in DC.
Oh, yeah, and we're in LA, but he did tell LA to watch. Oh, God.
Okay, look, I'll just keep reading the news between 100 and 200 of the troops would be supporting law enforcement at any given time.
The National Guard troops, the Democratic mayor of Washington, Muriel Bowser, who does have a sick name, has pushed back on Trump's claims of unchecked violence,
noting that violent crime hit its lowest level in more than three decades last year.
Oh, but that wasn't a year he was president. He's not going to like that, but he's still currently president.
Now he's president and the crime rate is lower than it was.
Well, now it's got to be lower than ever, right? After all these cops walk around with guns.
He made a big decoration on Timu Twitter yesterday. It exploded all over social media.
You know, I actually when I was in when I was at Lake Tahoe, just living it up LA style, going on vacations at lakes like some kind of high roller.
I went to the lake for a few days. Oh, Mr. Too Big to be scared of all of the horrible things happening.
Oh, don't worry. This worries me too.
Anyway, what when I was at Lake Tahoe, I saw this tweet from JD Vance when I was like, why are they drumming this up?
Our nation's capital has some of the worst homicide rates in the world. If this fact doesn't anger you, but President Trump's efforts to fix it do, you might have a brain worm.
Is that like his new you might be a redneck thing? Is he Jeff Fox worth?
Marshall Law.
Yeah, golfing and pound tuning all over the world. Well, I just was like, why are they?
Why this? Why specifically DC?
You know, obviously the it seems like a very selective graph that he's using.
It's not a graph case. It's actually a list. And just so you know, we're beating Lima, Havana, Nairobi, Brasilia, Lagos, Bogota, Mexico City and Adi Adis Ababa.
So take that all those other cities were beat that it's just we're beating them in murder rate.
We're killing it. Also, it's not a very accurate. He's not using very accurate figures. Well, they might be accurate, but also, I guess, even they might be old.
I don't even know. It's just a fucking tweet from JD Vance. But I guess it presaged this big move from them to do.
I guess this is some kind of appeal to their base to be like, look, law and order. Yada, yada, yada.
I'm assuming as insane as it is, this is probably some attempt to continue to push the Epstein case out of the news.
Maybe that's not the direct reason, but it just feels kind of random, right? Like why? I didn't tweet that.
Case, you've got to stop giving President Donald Trump ideas by tweeting your random crime statistics on a Friday or whatever.
I think it was Thursday, actually. It's not any better. And it wasn't me. Looks a lot like you, Case.
And it sounds like the kind of thing you'd say. Since when have I talked about crime rates? You're talking about it right now.
It wasn't me. It was JD Vance. You're saying the same thing twice.
Look, there's more news here. Item one of 11 U.S. President Donald Trump. What the fuck is that second?
Alright, whatever. President Donald Trump speaks. That's a, that's describing a photo, my bad.
Violent crime, including murders, soared in 2023, turning Washington into one of the most deadly cities in the world.
One of the most deadly cities. One of the most deadly cities in the world. Or nations, at least.
However, violent crime dropped 35% in 2024, according to federal data. And it has fallen an additional 26% in the first seven months of 2025.
2025, according to city police. But my heart is trying to kill me right now. Well, that's your problem, Jeff.
Case, did you also have the Army raise Lake Tahoe like JD did for his vacay? Yeah, did you have a bunch of, did you have a bunch of special service agents?
Special service agents swarming all the boats? Nope. Although we did rent a boat one day and it was, it was pretty great.
If you're ever in Northern California and, or at Lake Tahoe, I guess, go to, what was it, Emerald Bay?
Has anybody been to Lake Tahoe? It was, it was crazy. Despite the horrific state of the world, there's definitely some, some pretty nice places still in it.
And honestly, Lake Tahoe, kind of one of them.
Lucky you. Just playing the fiddle while Rome... fucks. Or what did they do? Burn? Right.
Okay, anyway, Bowser struck a diplomatic tone at a news conference saying she and other members of her administration would work with the federal government.
And yada, yada, yada. Something, something, something. It's all gonna be fine. I think that's how the story ends.
Yeah, no, no, no, no. It's fine. It's not that big of a deal.
It's fine. You're, you seem like it's a pretty, you're making it seem like it's kind of a big deal, Jeff.
And I agree with you. I think this is a pretty dictatorial move. It's not that big of a deal.
Also, how long does he plan on keeping this up? Oh, yeah. It's really different, for an amount of time that's not that big of a deal.
How... also, what? I don't know. It's also, it's also fucking stupid.
It's so stupid that people are gonna have to have a bunch of fucking national guardmen stomping around outside of their apartments and workplaces,
and the streets will just have double the police presence for no fucking reason.
And why? Well, because sometimes you just need to remind people.
Stop talking about the thing you're talking about.
You've never done that? I've never summoned a police army to change news headlines.
Well, there's no proof that he's doing that. But there is proof that crime is real.
So, are you against, are you pro-crime case?
Look, I'm just trying to stay on his good side. I am. Between you and me, this does worry me.
You're just, you're, when you get closer to the mic, Jeff, it still is projecting outward.
You're still technically broadcasting. They can hear me when I do this. More so.
Well, anyway, let's talk about Ukraine. That's probably going well.
You know, let's just, let's talk about, we'll move on for now. We'll move on for now. How about that?
Should I be louder in snow? If you're, if you're louder and closer, then it's just loud.
People are gonna end up being shot just going for a walk with their dog. I really hope not.
I mean, well, it's also, I don't know if he summoned like an army of Trump loyalists, although, if you're in the DC police,
you're probably more likely to be pro-Trump, unfortunately. Not to generalize things.
General. General is included in that, in what you just said.
So, my point is, I don't know, I mean, if you're in the DC police or National Guard and you show up to DC,
and it's just, it's just DC functioning like usual, what do you even do?
Like, how seriously are they gonna take it? Like the actual National Guard themselves?
I don't know. I don't know.
I also like that he quoted whatever Nixon era piece of law that is allowing him to do this under the whatever blah, blah, blah act.
But he didn't even have to. Like, at this point, everything he's doing is just so slap-dash and insane.
He could have come up there and done like the fucking Macarena and said the Macarena dance I just did under the Macarena act of me just doing it.
I'm unleashing the National Guard on DC.
It really feels, it feels like we're becoming a bit untethered from any semblance of logic or governance or anything.
So, I don't know. I don't know guys, it does seem pretty bad to me.
This is your breaking point? This is, I mean, we've already been doing worse stuff than this as a nation, but this is, I don't know.
It's just, it's all so par for the course that I kind of don't know what to say.
That's the chicken dance, Jeff, not the Macarena.
Well, you just said things don't matter anymore. So maybe the chicken dance is the Macarena.
I'm just saying, I don't know how much you can stress test the bounds of legitimacy before, I don't know.
It's really at some point as a nation we all are probably going to start facing some pretty real consequences.
But obviously I hope I'm wrong.
We have a lever's available to us in the Constitution.
I know, and I would be nice if there are any means for people to pull them and do anything.
I'm sure resistance is active and people will, but I don't know.
It'd be nice if like we didn't need like a national riot to stop Donald Trump,
and if any of our elected officials could offer any pushback in situations like this,
we'll see if they do.
But it might come down to you and me.
What are you going to do, case? See what everybody else is doing and then try to help.
Okay, well anyway, that's the news for right now.
Let's do something else, I guess.
Night of the Long Knives is a blueprint.
Let's us all play Elden Ring and see what lessons we learn.
Okay, and maybe that can be the beginning of a national coalition.
As long as we don't start grafting ourselves.
I think Trump has already done that for us.
Trump the grafted. How many body parts can he get on him?
I wouldn't put it past him. He might just start sticking a few extra arms on himself.
A lot of people said I had great arms, just found six more, and they're incredibly powerful.
See if there's anything in the big book of smiles that can help us.
Sorry, Similes.
No, I think it's actually the big book of smiles, case.
And just like you said, thanks for having my back, Jeff.
I don't. I don't.
But we could all use a big book of smiles right now.
And I'll be smiling here just thinking about how fine everything is,
because a smile creates a ripple of positivity.
And that's actually my name, I'm Trevor Ripple.
What the fuck?
I don't want to watch whatever that screen was. That shit sucked.
Actually what we're here to do is watch fucking movies.
Even though I wasn't summoned, I thought fuck it.
Do what I want.
I don't know what you can do with that. I thought we pretty much had to be called for.
Also, case informed me that Munch and Crumb needed a change or something.
So we'll cut to that after this.
Oh, I see. Okay.
What happened to our segment alerts? They still work?
Oh, there we go.
You can crest another segment if you want.
But for now you are required legally to watch movies, youngblood.
That's true. That's my parole officer.
And this is my core ordered trailer watching show.
Holy shit. DJ Newzik, who saw that coming?
Nobody ever sees DJ Newzik coming.
That's what makes him such an incredible artist.
You're a fan. Of course I'm a fan of DJ Newzik.
Like all teenagers.
Why are you laughing when you say that?
Because it makes me smile. Think about DJ Newzik.
All right. Let's see what we got in the trailer thread.
It's been too long since I watched a full film.
And by that he does mean trailer.
He fundamentally doesn't understand the difference because there is none.
Haunted Hotel the movie.
I love the franchise Haunted Hotel.
Isn't that just kind of a generic description of a location in a horror movie?
Nah, it's probably based on a thing or something.
Anyway, Netflix has made a film called Haunted Hotel. Let's check it out.
Old and now my sister is full of possessed.
You know what? I will ask for the best sister baptized.
No! Got it. Not as such.
Tell them we're open to it.
Welcome to the underbale.
We know about the smell and we're trying.
I run a haunted hotel.
Oh!
Where you're now trapped as a ghost with dozens of other ghosts.
Ghost. Different ghost. Ghost orgy.
They're cool once you get to know them.
Trying to scare me or is that regular booing?
It's a bit of both.
No!
Every hotel has issues.
Not like this.
It's eating my health!
Between the ghosts and no guests and Abaddon?
What's wrong with Abaddon?
He's a demon trapped in the body of a little boy from the 1700s.
This vessel requires fruit loops.
It's Cheerios or nothing!
You're out of this.
This hotel has a darkness.
Come on, you don't remember me?
Abaddon.
From hell.
Alright! Abaddon!
How's it going, man?
We're going for a classic haunting scary but fun scary.
Which means no murderers or perverts or pervert murderers.
Not too late to keep the perverts.
Best?
How does Netflix come up with this stuff, man?
You know?
How do they even...
How do they even do that?
It's so good.
That was Haunted Hotel, everyone.
I forgot the title.
Well, you know, it could be okay, I guess.
Yeah, I mean it could be...
I guess it's...
That was Will Forte, I like him.
Yeah, I'm like...
I do like haunted stuff.
And that's that.
For sure.
That's the...
Definitely the premise is that, so...
Sometimes I wonder like...
What they like a different art style.
Like any art style that wasn't...
That art style that's every art style?
I do sometimes wonder what that would be like.
But then I think like...
Well sure, that might have got a rate of 2.86.
But what if it got rated like a 1?
You want ratings in the middle so that you can trust it.
You want to keep things in the middle.
And they're doing that.
It's very...
I feel like there's a word for that.
But...
It's definitely in the middle.
And that's probably for the best.
But speaking of the thing that I thought would be in the fucking bottom...
Of the ocean and destroying one of my favorite IPs of all time.
When they came out with the first season.
And then I was proven to be a fucking idiot for the first time ever.
I was wrong.
What are you talking about?
One piece dude.
I thought it would suck shit.
And one piece Luffy kicked my fucking ass.
And proved to me that he could never fail.
And it was actually okay.
It was like pretty good.
But I did really think it was gonna be trash.
So anyway.
I'm excited to see if they can pull off that same miracle in season 2.
And there is in fact a trailer for it.
So let's see what it is.
One piece season 2.
Everything I've done.
Everywhere I go.
Is for the one piece.
There he is.
What is that?
Whoa double cigar.
What the fuck?
Oh shit it's LeBoon.
What's that Godzilla?
God damn.
Well.
Honestly.
A much better trailer than Haunted Hotel.
In the competition of trailers.
That is Haunted Hotel v. One Piece.
Season 2.
I do also have to give it to One Piece season 2.
I still can't get with his accent.
Just a little Nick pic.
Yeah but I guess he's supposed to be Brazilian or something.
I don't know.
It kind of works for me.
You know it's like.
It is like a little off.
It's definitely a little off.
But it's not off enough that it bothers me.
So.
I'm excited.
I mean but could you.
I mean it's got to be like a little off right.
Because it's people instead of cartoons.
I mean I guess.
I mean like it looks weird as shit.
When he's doing that gum a gum and no gaitling.
But that's what I thought the first time.
And then I liked it.
But his arms did get kind of big and floppy and weird looking.
But I guess it's good.
Actually got the exact same rating as Haunted Hotel.
Aw man.
I guess it's just as good as Haunted Hotel.
Fuck.
Haunted Hotel is the bar for all media.
Unfortunately.
Okay let's do.
Let's close this though with something.
Else.
That's the only option.
Yeah you're right.
I'll admit when you're right.
Uhhh.
Adulthood.
Nah man I didn't care about that.
I'll stay in the kit forever.
That does seem to be what you're doing.
What do you mean I'm currently a kid?
Right.
M.
A Jordan Peele movie alright.
Jordan Peele featuring I think that hot whatever the hot guy.
What's his name?
Oh it's a different hot guy.
I thought it was a previous hot guy.
But it's a new hot guy.
Anyway whatever it's Jordan Peele.
Let's see what they got.
Do I look at you or the camera?
You just look right at me.
You'll just ignore the camera.
Okay.
There are a lot of people saying you could be the next great quarterback.
I can already see it now.
Oops sorry.
I am running down a tunnel with crowd chanting his name.
I hear you've been invited to train with legend Isaiah White himself.
Care to elaborate?
I want to be the goat.
Cameron Kaye.
Great meeting you.
I'm a fan.
That's crazy.
I damn near worse you're cute growing up.
Who are you?
Anu.
Who are you?
Anu.
Let's play a little catch.
We going to the maze.
You want to play at your highest level?
You want to be a legend?
Let me tell you something.
This ain't a game.
What is it then?
Just going to toss the ball around a little.
You want to hit this?
You can't handle it.
I understand.
Too slow.
Wait.
What are we doing?
That man smile about to be on the floor.
He's how you do your teammate.
What is this?
Shut up!
People, enemies, enemies.
Shut up!
Shut up!
In this game, violence is rewarded.
So learn to enjoy it.
Get your shit together!
The big body.
Cam, are you okay?
I think something's off.
You don't know what you're getting yourself into.
Now we play some football.
Don't have to do this.
I've never been more certain of it.
It's a Mortal Kombat fatality, the film.
How bad does Cameron Cade want it?
I'm not just going to give it to you.
You got to take it for real.
What if I say no?
Think of it as a gift from the god.
I'm a fighter!
I'm a fighter!
Dude, I don't feel like that's how football is.
Well, it's like a horror version of football.
Exploring the dark aspects of fame and violence.
Spectacle, grand spectacle.
You know, trading your youth for glory.
On the gridiron and whatever.
Or it's just like Mortal Kombat fatalities plus football.
I can't tell.
I agree with Chad. I do think Marlon Wayne looks kind of fun in it.
And it's scary, I guess.
It could be good.
It's one of those ones that could actually be very good.
Or it could be like...
You can't just kind of like...
Just sort of take a whole sport and just be like...
Yeah, weird horror aesthetics and have it be compelling.
I don't know. It could be one or the other.
Damn it. It did worse than Haunted Hotel.
Huh.
I do think that'll probably be better than Haunted Hotel.
You can't prove that, though.
You cannot prove that.
Shoot, you are right.
You ever been on a bus after a football game?
It's a 60 MPH triage.
I believe it.
That is how football is? Fuck!
I can't have anything anymore.
I was thinking about joining the football team.
Aren't you... You've got to be at least a senior or something, right?
How old do you think you are?
I was thinking maybe as a young guy,
maybe it's time for me to get a football but I guess if it's like that, I won't.
You know what? I support that decision.
Let's watch one playfull trailer or something.
Because everything's been so dark today.
The one piece trailer was dark...
Dude, the one piece world is actually quite dark if you understand the lore.
I'm just going to assume that's correct.
Not ask questions.
Well, 1991 original trailer.
Ok, that'll close us out.
We're cleansing our pallets with Highway to Hell.
Which you could argue a football player was also one,
but via the medium of football.
But this is a different take from 1991.
Very good description, young bloke. Let's see what it is.
Oh shit!
Dazzling cinematic adventure down the highway to hell.
A winding route that stretches from here to eternity.
Oh that, to hell I guess.
Discover the warm, energetic, inventive and friendly inhabitants of hell.
Can you tell me the quickest way to hell?
Sex, drugs, rock and roll.
Share with them their traditional thoughts.
Take her word for it.
And delicious local cuisine.
Vegetarian fish!
What?
Oh man.
This is a local cuisine bastard!
Down here, that's a compliment.
You're marvel at the unusual flora and fauna.
Oh!
Delight in the people's daily pursuits.
I'm a lover. Not a fighter.
Oh...
Totally...
Oh what?
and
Shit
I think we're fine
Those were demons mammaries actually they're different
Prince
Man it blew up too
Now we'll have some fun. Are you about to blow up? Oh, nope. Okay
Damn that was even more twisted than the football one because they're literally in hell dude. I
Guess what's well there on the highway to it is the highway part of hell
No, it's the highway to hell so they're on the way
But we don't know for sure they were in hell
Damn is kicking the shit out of all the other trailers though so far. Yeah, you know I
Guess it's better than
Haunted mansion. Well, we can't prove that yet
No stop signs or speed limits, but a lot of heads that explode and I think
Ronald Reagan showed up there with like a big gun. Yeah big statue Ronald Reagan with a huge gun that was pretty cool
Ben Stiller plays a till of the hun
that
Did they tight cast Ben Stiller? I've always thought he's like ever since he played a till of the hun
That's like the only role he got so I guess that's where it started
Yeah, the movie highway to hell along with I guess his dad. Yeah, he popped in there for a second
Nothing will ever be better than the kung-fury to sizzle reel trailer that that was
Definitely a ten out of five, but it does only go up to five as far as we know as far as we know
Okay, look, that's about all the time we have we saw some
trailers I
Can't really think of an adjective to put in front of them
And we'll also be doing a how-to
We saw some good track. I kind of like the football trailer. Everybody's down on it. I like the one-piece trailer
And everybody loves highway to hell you gotta love highway to hell, but everything else you liked is bad
I guess wait you said that the one-piece thing is good
Well, it look it will look bad until the last minute and then when you watch it
It'll be surprisingly good if the first season is to be trusted
Which I guess I have to because I was proven wrong anyway
I actually normally though do know a certain thing and that is in fact what it is and you do too
You know what it is. We'll see you soon. Bye. Bye
Pepito you still got to hit the right buttons, okay?
Geez now that I've defeated the devil soundly
It's supposed to go on some grand adventure that I got to ask case about or something
He don't thinks he cannot trigger our theme at the right moment
No, you still have to
I'm of course Ralph Munchkin. I'm
unfortunately joined by the incredibly whiny and
Way too talkative cuz he's still alive
Crumb, where's my penis?
Still safe
Is it all right?
You can't keep asking the same questions, you know ask stupid questions get penis answers. Just look for yourself someone say haunted
Nobody said in a previous segment maybe they said that but I never said that so
Will he know peace not while I'm around my penis then why didn't you had it shoved up my ass
It even had it duct tape
If I rip the tape off it will hurt my hairy ass
It's hairier than the gorilla that punched me
Okay, look that if you found it wait, that's not my penis
What was it then?
CBT me munch daddy
I
Do not call me that crumb, okay?
Just cuz you're all out of sorts and you need a need to see a physical therapist some more doesn't mean you need to take it out
On all of us ran into Fiona in hell really apparently when she left us after getting partner her soul went to hell I
Went to talk to her. Oh, she said get away from me pover
Well that means Fiona hasn't lost her touch okay cuz that is the only appropriate thing to say to you
So congratulations Fiona. I train sad. What hell did you guys do to him up there?
You tell me cuz you're up here with me crumb, okay, and you look the devil promised to resurrect me
What happened? I got the fucking key in my soul. I can't get it out of there
Keep having goddamn visions of like flaming pigeons
What the fuck is that about?
That's the hell vision I get is like they're not even that on fire
They're like a little on fire and that's the best you got Satan. What the fuck am I supposed to do with that?
Everything tastes like fucking sardines now when I walk up to doors. I hear a
Ancient grumbling in my soul. It's very inconvenient not the first time I've dealt with that kind of thing
You're obviously I've been around I think I was an X train highway to hell
Well, you certainly fucking look like one you certainly look like you've been through something on a highway
And it did not my penis it was a flesh-colored shot glass
Why would that be a thing that you even have crumb?
Just get a normal hard rock shot glasses in an amaze not allowed
Racism in anime is not allowed
You got to watch more sports animes cuz
They'll show you some
Questionable things I gotta say look what are we debating today crumb? Can we actually get down to business?
Please some of us actually have the seventh roars for Royals to press at the plate to have cal
See now, I know you're possessed because you are not watching classic American sports
That is not a thing you have ever done today. We are debating Gatorade or Powerade
Okay, very simple. You know, I'll be a gentleman. I'll let you pick which one you want because you're so fucking whiny
I'm hungry for which I lost for the flesh of the living. That's not an option some nuggies
None of those are the thing we're debating crumb Gatorade or Powerade, please
God imagine the horrors you will see if you don't return my penis
It will get its own show
You know what I wish your penis would get your own show because it can't be a bigger fucking dick than you
Yeah, I named jolly Jim. He says he knows you he craves for human flesh. She said you were his number one supplier
Okay, that's a coincidence that we both know a guy named jolly jen the jolly jim I know sells meth
So very different. I hear voices in my head. They counsel me. They understand. They talk to me
It's the first reasonable thing you've said all day fine fucking Gatorade
Gatorade it is
Oh
What's up? Sorry our producer was coming through
You have any thoughts on that you have any thoughts on Pepito scrumming around our studio
No, get the key munch
Resurrect me. I'm supposed to go all the way upstairs to where case is and ask him a question
About where the hole in the wall is for me to enter that's so much work for me crumb
That's so much work to have a cow man
You think you think you're good, but you're you have to defend power rate
Chin is in the Trump files
It sounds like you said X chin
So that's someone you know you should really come forward with that information crumb
I mean, I'm sure you're in there. So obviously you would know who's in there, but I wouldn't anyway
I'm on the side actually of Gatorade the vastly superior energy drink
I don't even know the last time I saw fucking power rate if it even still exists
Then I guess that's what crumbs defending because he refuses to actually pick a side on his own
We have a mod that doesn't mind making that debate feel free to launch it at any time
It was developed in 1965
Researchers at the University of Florida led by Robert Kate
There was originally he started before the timer student athletes the gators to replenish the
Combo hydrates that they burned and the combination of water and electrolytes that they lost in sweat during vigorous sports
Well, why is it better or worse?
Those were just facts crumb. Do you have any actual opinions rattling around in that fucking messed up mushy brainy or
You're defending. I'm on the side of Gatorade
Also, why is Bronco on there? Who do I even give that point to?
Everyone is against me today. I don't even know how to do I'm on the side of Bronco as well actually I'm claiming
both
so
You can't now you have no chance you're only defending power rate was created by the Coca-Cola company and first released in
1988
Company developed the soft drink as an alternative to sports drinks which were becoming more my time not a talk
It's my time now to talk. Okay, stop it
Stop it drink that would keep them hydrated during strenuous workout. Oh, you are so taking advantage of the concept of give and take
All right, look a Gatorade has it's just more classic. Okay, it's my more flavors
It's more readily available powerated only I think comes in yellow and red or some shit
It's it's trash Gatorade Gator is in the title of Gatorade
It literally powers up fucking Gators one of the strongest things on the goddamn planet
Literally survived the era of the dinosaurs, you know, who didn't survive the air of the dinosaurs
power man
Who power a is probably based on that shit's stupid and Bronco is also good the only
Thing that's bad power
With my wife the cock chair is tiring
Son of a bitch
Are you know what if you think you won? Why don't you hit the button crumb?
Why don't you hit the button if you're such a winner?
And then you're then your victory counts great has new extra sour flavors
It does they still make that shit. That's how bad power a is I have no idea
You don't even like titties. You don't deserve to say titties
Gatorade is the piss in my balls
That does sound right that does sound correct, okay
Are you not gonna hit your fucking button? Can you please just hit it?
I'll need to submit our Santa Claus and polar bear loving cooperation daddy
You're not gonna play your fucking music. He doesn't play his music anymore
Cuz you're crumb so you should play the music
Because you are crumb
Not that I want to hear the music, but it's just odd to sit here silently
After victory seems I mean it's good that you're not cuz it's bad music, but this is the most fucked up
We make of mr. Rogers neighborhood imaginable
And the fact that you're using that as a comparison point crumb really says everything about you like you're on his level corporation
I misspoke
From what how am I supposed to track every fucking point you're making room you got at least reverence. I'm crumb believable
Okay, well if you're gonna sing the song yourself then actually sing it alright
Crumb shot
You piece of shit barely a crumb shot your lucky. Brando was in there
It diverted all of my votes into two different votes my music jerk face
You play your music. Why do I have to do everything for you?
I didn't put a fucking voice box on you just to get you to participate and I'm the bad guy
Jesus
Nothing to say to that huh?
Crumb out of fucking words
No surprise there not that you ever had anything to fucking say
He's really not saying anything
They tell me things that I might do the put on reruns of Scooby-Doo. They talked to me
WAA but but Brea
What
What are you talking about?
Yes, you are the bad guy
Yeah, like fucking Scarface who's really the good guy in that movie so in that I am some if I remember
Yeah, you so says you to me you look basically the fucking same for the record you look as good
I'm gonna die we in hell. Don't care war everyone will be forced to eat piss cake
You might have said piss pipe or piss cake or piss cape. Is this the bridge?
How do you got a picture lyrics not that I know that that's one of your lyrics
74 to go
You you really think you're catching back up because I've let you win a couple to improve your morale because you'd be
No, he doesn't he's not even capable of differentiating between humans
So which I definitely mostly can't even crumb shot because my penis is gone
Is that how you crumb shot it? What the fuck is a crumb shot? I
Thought it was just a set no
You are my father. Yeah, I mean I fucking rule you like your dad would
Give me back my wins munch. I know I already got the mechanism to apparently free female
I just need case to unlock the wall or something. I gotta go challenge the status quo
What oh?
That's another one of your you know, I don't know your lyrics. I don't pay attention to your lyrics catching up like before and like always
You're barely catching up if you think about a percentage wise
It's crazy how ahead I am
But I'm basically like a hundred percent ahead in a stick in any presidential race
They would cut call this a huge win and I'm
But basically the president of the stream so that makes all the sense the world we're out of fucking time
Jesus I
Will go talk to the fucking guy who?
Whatever his name is the fucking guy who runs the stream that dumb piece of shit that I hate talking to
Well you don't have your own pizza I
Famously have multiple theme songs. How dare you you don't even have a penis and you can't shut up about it
I have so many penises. I get confused in the morning
I go on a side quest to retrieve my penis right?
I it's to get your fucking soul back you freak God dear this all the time we have you're lucky
You're lucky. You don't have a penis because your penis is so bad
It's actually better than not have one for you. God is ass chat. That's all the time. We have we'll see you soon
What the fuck?
Free bird oops. I forgot I forgot that it's not free bird
Sorry about that. I'm Peter Gibbon you sing that song Peter
Well good to see you too
You notice in the last segment case they're talking about the wall
You're working on that
I'm trying to get clearance to send people into the wall from the city
Apparently because the last two people I sent in there
Haven't shown up to work in a couple months
Which is probably their choice it probably they didn't like their wall job. I need some special dispensation from
Our beautiful Los Angeles mayor to send people into the wall and as soon as I have that
I'll go into the wall actually now much should go into the wall if you're paying attention to the show
You got a special light. I don't care
Okay, Peter about your silly wall. That's just a wall
You read the devil showed up and gave him a special light. You really think it's just a normal wall. It's a wall Peter
It's a wall. Okay, and whoever wants you can go in there. I don't even care if I go in
We're actually a news station here. Some of us do the news and we don't spend all our time worrying about the freaking wall
Yes, okay, Peter. I'm glad that you can cut to the wall
But that doesn't mean that I have to care that the wall exists
That seems normal to you. It seems like a hole in a wall that you made. Okay, and it's inconvenient. Yes
Got some comments to get to before we get to the news
Law say either 30 days or Congress can extend it
That's why you should hit the comment button because I was about your last story case. Oh for the
National Guard slash police takeover of DC
So 30 days plus extra if Congress says more or if Trump quotes some other random law
We need an animated samurai cop movie that would be pretty sick
In fact, that feels like something that might end up happening
Not that I know if it is the president is threatening to send the guard into the wall to clean things up
You know what I say we send the president into the wall because
It's an exciting new territory for him to explore all our welcome. I'd love to see what his particular brand of
Mental acuteness
Doesn't the wall what I would just love to see how his
Entire persona reacts to the vibrations of the wall
As I am curious for anyone you have overplayed your fucking wall so much Peter
That you are just setting people up for disappointment when they go in there
It's a fucking beanbag chair and 10,000 rats rat corpses the fact you think that they're just corpses
It tells me everything I need to know about how aware you are of the wall
Boy, okay, um, there's some we haven't done the news in a week. There's probably all sorts of submitted news stories a
Varying degrees
Of horrible to absurd or some combination of the two
So I guess cuz you're here Peter you can read some of the news. Oh me little old me
Let's just change the headline to
sexual man
reads lots of
News because that's what I'll be doing actually
being sexual and
Reading the news of don't know we don't the news will probably be sexual on its own and I don't want to see you be sexual I
Won't try to be I'm not gonna I'm not saying I'm gonna actively be sexual. It's just the vibe. I'm putting out is so strong
Everyone will notice that I'm sexual
Ahem gooners say their brains are becoming hopelessly hijacked by AI smut
The road to hell is really fun
Now that's a wall headline. That's the kind of thing we love in the wall
What do you mean by we you'll find out though it's still pretty niche AI generated adult content is becoming a huge problem for some men
Not Matt Liddell who didn't subscribe because of that sentence
Stop tying Matt Liddell
Sentence you just read. I'm saying he's not related to what I just read and
32 months is the amount of time he's been subscribed to this which surprisingly isn't AI goon material
No, this I don't think anyone could go into this
Is that a challenge? No Peter. It's not
People could go into this no, I refuse to believe that you'd be surprised
I'll surprise you. I don't surprise me Peter. Okay
Don't need to get all fired up just relax lay back
challenge complete see
Do you see I refuse to see Peter? Okay? Well anyway, it's still pretty niche like a lot of things
But anyway, they're employing others to avoid a why AI why is AI porn so powerful in an interview with wired a 26-year-old man referred to
By his first name Kyle what a name said he began to go down the rabbit hole of AI smut after stumbling on an AI generated
Instagram real depicting a woman with extremely large breasts the size of her body. Do we have an example?
I can't show that I think
I
Really why there's been weird images on the internet before why is AI pushing the boundaries here?
It is that simply is case in the back of my mind. I was like, okay
I do kind of fight this kind of attractive the young man told the magazine it was something I had not seen before and I had to
See more they're not hyperlinking here unfortunately. I
Am curious
How big
AI image generated porn has gotten in the last year because I mean everything is getting better about it, but
Part of me still feels like
There's just so much real porn I
Could imagine it being big for like um
Like if it can kind of generate like hentai quality images
I could see that like interrupting the hentai industry. Is that a thing?
Why are you asking me? I
Don't know. I'm just curious what porn asked what porn industry is being disrupted by AI. I guess it's cheaper to pay
for mid-journey or whatever than to
Pay a porn actress so that could be bad
Anyway, anything related to AI is likely to go pretty bad unfortunately in my opinion
So this isn't too surprising to me. Well, you don't even have all the details case
There's one we got to really read as a self-described gooner Kyle's first encounter with AI generated adult material acted as a gateway drug for
Mwah and increasingly extreme content along those same lines
Soon he was searching for features that could not possibly exist in real life such as woman with cartoonish boobs
Areolas and nipples twice the size of her torso
super wide hips and let me just
Highlight that just in case we need that for later. I'm getting a call from Kendall. Could you?
Not be a total creep. I
Have a phone too, okay
Kendall you're on the stream your foot hurts
It's a is it worse or better or she heard her foot at the lake
Should we go to like a immediate MD or something
You think milk
It was need to keep you off it
That's impossible you have to go to the office tomorrow
Well, maybe tomorrow maybe tomorrow I carry you around the apartment
You can treat me like a giant horse man
How far are you from home
And I'm hungry, okay, I'm gonna try to end the stream in the next 30 minutes
Okay
And then we get food okay, I love you
Okay
Okay horse man, I'm the one being weird
No, I'd be her horse man because she I have to get to carry her on the apartment like a horse horses don't carry
Yes, they do horses are ridden
You don't understand anything
What were you talking about that's so important AI gooners
Soon he was searching for women with cartoonish boobs areolas and nipples twice the size of the rest of her torso
And now I have to search it for the news. Let's see what we get. I can't tell if this is AI
or just porn
And it's also not what I asked for
And also if I click a certain button I can actively get you kicked off twitch case. I hold that power in my hand
Is this AI chat this actually I don't think can get us in trouble fortunately
But I guess it's kind of what what he typed in I think this is a person
With a pillow in their shirt
Or is it AI?
Chat that's the kind of thing you have to goon for a couple weeks to be able to spot the difference. Oh, that's your wife
Congratulations, she seemed like a very nice gal
I don't think those are her real proportions or it's a I I don't even care. I don't even care about guessing anymore
Well, that's cuz you're not you're not committed to the future unsurprisingly things started to spiral
All right. Well, how does the story end? He started to look for more taboo things
It's got to get more taboo than just weird shapes, right?
In the background of Kyle's burgeoning addiction stood a stark discrepancy
The psychiatric community is torn on whether addiction to adult content even exists with many suggesting that it's merely shame from religious
Upbringings that causes distress in those who visit mental health professionals
Over it couldn't agree more. I think look at porno. I'll day
All day if you want
There's no problem with living in a wall and looking at porn all day
I think what you described there doesn't sound like maybe the healthiest way to live your life
And then that's your religious upbringing case
That's your conservative instincts that are gonna come out eventually
Just living in a wall and watching porn all day
They do that what everybody's doing in a sense if you think about it
No, some people have you know jobs and leave the house
But don't we all live in a one? Yeah, okay, Peter. Can you just keep reading?
um
Caution airing caution their fellow gooners the user predicted that AI smut is going to get harder to avoid because it captures all your vices and
Traps you and in the comments their comrades agreed with one noting that it's insane and insanely addictive
Kyle meanwhile decided he needed to make a change after noticing not only that sex with his partner had become less
Precious but also that she seemed to have gotten the proverbial ick from him
He joined nofap began curbing his consumption and started to grapple with what he'd fallen into and that's a beautiful story
Hey, you know
You're struggling with managing your time
a dude at gooning
Then I guess however you get out of it is good though. I can't say
Joining the nofap community usually seems like a
Like it's gonna blend you a lot of brownie points with the ladies at least if you tell them about it
Retain yeah, the retain community is totally different. That's just about health
Okay, let's do a couple more stories and then before we get out of here
We have to hurry up because I need to I guess of food because I'm I'm a horse guy stop saying that case
It's not that's not gonna ever work
Scientists say ozempic could reverse your biological age by 3.1 years
Here's what you'll learn when you read this story
So and then this is what we'll read because it's got everything we learn in it
Scientists think ozempic could contain anti-aging properties because chronic inflammation is key to aging ozempic's anti-inflammatory
Effects make it a powerful anti-aging drug the non peer-reviewed study shows that ozempic could turn back the biological clock by an average
3.1 years, but if you do it six times that's actually
18 years you could become underage case if you're not careful
I
You know my cousin
I
Have a cousin who's a doctor and he was singing the praises of ozempic to me and you know
He doesn't I don't consider him to be like a crazy doctor
He seems pretty responsible to me, so
It still worries me a little bit as a drug
But if it helps people or it has actual health benefits
Then the main thing I would be in favor of is it not costing like two grand for whatever reason
Cousin doctor would be a good Netflix show
That's now we're talking doctor cousin medical woman. Yeah, I
the only thing I know about ozempic is
Obviously it seems to help people lose weight and it's really expensive
So if it's actually really if it actually really helps people I wish it wasn't
Such an insane cost
So we'll see if that ends up being a thing
That's how you know it works. Yeah, or at least they that's how you know it's popular
So, you know if people think it works it definitely seems to do something
Dr. Case black well is weighing in now
Well, I mean again I people that I think no more about it have told me that it it's sort of the real deal so
Maybe it is but
You can still lose weight other ways in case anybody's worried about it
But then I would try to lose it naturally
It's so good. They are trying to lock it down. Hmm. Yeah, maybe it's too good. Maybe it's got to take it. You know what?
Oh, zempic penis too. There's you guys are just selling this harder and harder
Hey, if I ever if I ever get my hands on some chat, I'll let you know for sure how it goes
If gooning helped with weight loss now then we'd be on to something. I
Don't think that's a drug. Well gooning is a drug. It just doesn't have those particular health benefits
Women oh sorry woman who make who makes $80,000 a year selling her toenails reveals the revolting things
The revolting thing buyers use them for oh, okay. Well, what are they using for?
I'm scanning here. Well, how do they use them? Oh look at this lovely gal who sells her toenails
during a recent appearance on the t4 podcast
Jesus they build up to this stuff so much
Her hair extension braids are also highly profitable
You know how do people use these things? What the fuck? I don't think that it actually tells us anything fun
Okay
She just sells stuff other than her toenails
But what's the revolting things people use them for?
It's a it was we were click baited case. She does sell her toenails, but it didn't give us all the details
They put the nails right under their ears
Okay, well we'll go with that skimer they put their nails under their urethra that does seem like what they do
Does it seem like what they do seems like what they do to me case prove me wrong?
Come at me, bro
In this no
Chinese Docs baffled over a woman who can't stop having orgasms all day long
Yeah, I bet most men are pretty surprised when a lady's doing that
Because most men they don't understand the female body
Not like me case
Play something sexy
That's not sexy. That's not sexy. Please nothing sexy
Please something sexy for me
Can you give me a soundboard back please no
All right fine don't play anything sexy for me then I'll just keep reading
Medical specialists in China are dumbfounded over the case of a young woman who experiences uncomfortable orgasms multiple times per day
Leaving the turned on 20 year old in a perpetual state of arousal. This is the news
I'm reminding you all that was a news sentence. I just read the sexual arousal symptoms are characterized by recurrent and
Spontaneous orgasmic experiences. This is all news the unnamed woman has for the past five years experience sexual stimulation out of the blue
Leading doctors to presume that she suffered from persisting genital arousal
Pgad a real thing
Okay
Arrologist rule dot epilepsy eventually doctors diagnosed the patient with what we just said
Pgad files under the replies under the radar it was first formally described in 2001 it affects a projected 1% of women
But I've never met one
boom
Seems like a real problem actually so it wouldn't be fun
It would we've seen a video about this and the fact you're making light of it is honestly disgusting Peter
It's a cut it 1% 1% does seem really high, but I
Guess that's just our ignorance talking isn't it Peter
Come on. It's a fun one case. She comes a bunch too much actually and it hurts
And you're making light of that
And that's sick. We cannot go to that story after this story
We cannot do that. Let's click on this spider story, please. Oh, yeah. Yeah, okay
Tarantulas with massive penises have been discovered by scientists
Let's end on that one
Yeah, you know what Peter I think given what we've been covering today. We won't talk about the
Al Jazeera news team being murdered in Gaza, but that is the thing that happened and is obviously horrific
But you seem more appropriate for the penis spider story
Is it contagious?
spider penis
It's a story for Jen
Yeah, I think check it handle that we'll just talk about it some other time
Okay, well, um
Just if you see if you see an itchy bit she spider just know the water spout might be a little bigger
Yeah, it's all the time we have
That really is all the time we have Peter
Come on. Have a little fun with me. No. Well, then I'll see you in the wall
I'm gonna send months into the wall actually and not me so
See months in the wall the wall eliminates all divisions case. I'll see you in there eventually
I'll see you
I'm gonna go back there in just a sec
I'll be right in there
Feels good in there
To me it's nothing to go in there
Yeah, then go there. I will I am fine
I don't even need to be here. It's great to see everybody and you too case
I consider you a friend even if you're difficult. Well, I don't consider you a friend
Well, that's just you being hurtful and playful and you're kidding. I'm not kidding
I don't consider you a friend you do though and I said and I'm all over your friends too and we'll see you soon
Bye-bye. Why hello there everyone. It's very good to see you
I'm Jeb my father is here who's dead in the wood as well
That's right. I'm here with what might be my son and I'm his dad and you're dead and you're in the wood. Oh
Oh
Thank you for the reminder wait really yes. Oh wait. Yeah, I remembered okay
I am I just like I explained I smashed my face into the bottom of a well
That's all that happened. They had to reassemble it over the course of many months
And I look really close to how I look before
Because I'm the same guy, you know you take your pauses are too long
They didn't reassemble the well was fine the well held up really well
Get zero give against the force of my face and self-cleaning the blood
Seemed it absorb into the well. So the well was untouched in a sense and my voice is the same
I'm the same guy
But what we really do here isn't debate
What I am
We want we learn how to do things actually you kind of change
Every time you learn something new you become something more
And I'm excited to become something more today with all of you
So let's see what you shared for us to learn and you can do that at the cream dot team the discord threads the bin section
And the how to's is a section in that section you can submit how to and then we'll learn how to do stuff together
But let's start today daddy. You can watch this too. Oh goodie
Don't be sarcastic father
Just cuz you're dead and in the wood doesn't mean you can't learn, right? I'm not sure
I don't really understand what I am and that's cuz you haven't learned enough. It's not confusing. Thank you
Let's learn how to scat. How listen how to scat
Let's do some scat
What let's do a little bit of scat today. We've been building up to this for a while finally ready to relax
Spread my whole open and scat
mouth on
What's so quiet?
It's quiet and it's only out of one side of a stereo speaker. Oh the audio is horrific
I
Got a loan
What that's scatting that was I thought scat was like scuba-doop-bop-bo
There is audio it's ridiculously quiet
And it's they didn't put it out of both channels of a stereo speaker. Let me um, let me just switch our audio to mono real quick
and
Maybe that'll do it. Oh, I don't know how to do that. I
Can't do that. Oh wait. I can do that
Okay, right now. We're mono so maybe that'll help
It didn't repeat after me really quiet
I'm gonna bump the audio real quick
Okay, I have to pump my audio so crazily to watch that video that I don't think we can quite finish it because I do feel like I got the
gist of it
more or less
Maybe I should always have our audio on mono
You know that was the scat man
That's the original the scat man. I don't know if I that is the scat man
Oh, it's it's the originalist the guy from the scat man
Okay, I get it he didn't really do much teaching there
A scat man movie would be good
Piano to scat to scatting on piano
Hmm
Okay, how about just wild piano instrumental jazz
And I'll show you I'll see if I learned anything
That's the need to be fast. Yeah
Sucks no, I need it to be high energy and fun
upbeat jazz, please
The best I can do
Are you doing why you all booing what?
What oh
Wait, wait, keep listening it gets better
I get well, it was my first time. It was my first time, so
I'm not gonna let that dissuade me from still trying you can't be great at something the first time
This is really not great son, maybe this that's not something you explore further
Some of the worst scatting I've ever heard disappointed
Well, I'm your dad what and you're in the wall oh
Oh, yeah, yeah
Of course jet can scat he was at the scatman's funeral and he performed the scat song
And he and that was a specific request from the scatman and one of his last wishes
But that's jet. Okay. He spends his time differently than me. Oh, there's a different scatting video
Okay, well this will help me learn. Oh, that's the same one. It's the exact same one actually
This is a different one. Here we go
We do by that way
She's a bit of a I'm Ben Jones. I'm a singer and a musician and in this video
I'm gonna be teaching you a little bit about how to scat scatting is the use of your voice as
an instrument and
What you do you create nonsense syllables sounds and kind of half words to kind of
improvise over music scat developed kind of in the 30s and
people like Ella Fitzgerald developed scat in order to
Imitate other
Okay, we're all right, you know people like the horn section I get it trumpet lines and different singers would use different
Cells some would use kind of soft
La la la la la la some would use more hard. She's getting fast now
And other singers would you sounds like should be buddy buddy?
So, how do you become better at scatting? Yeah, well, I find that if you listen to more jazz particularly jazz from the 30s
This will give you kind of licks instrumental
Kind of I get which to kind of you inspire you on the type of scales that are involved in scatting
body
unrelated
usually
limiting your syllables to just a few choice ones and then if you keep doing those certain syllables
throw in a few wild cards as well another thing that really makes a difference is
projection and pronunciation of the syllables because it's a temptation to
mumble the syllables because they're nonsense what makes it better is to have conviction to say
sure as opposed to say sure just kind of make sure you feel each thing you say and that's my
introduction to scatting
dancing as well
shoo doh be boon da ba da ba doh day
okay okay let's try this again this time i'll win you all over with my scat
gonna scat all over you chat
i didn't even remember that to rhyme
the bar classics oh this is a lot faster because it's not playing at two
times speed that's good for scat though because it's
gotta be high energy
what i gotta pronounce it
sweet automobile that's why we practice that was a simple example
don't worry the cats aren't in the woodshop so they won't come in here no
matter how many fish i leave on the floor
okay um let's end with something else
mayo eggnog oh how to skank well we learned how to scat so now we can learn how to
skank
let's learn at two times speed though because this is a longer video
what i want to do is clean this up right now i want to
hi mike messa here as you can see right now skyrocketing it actually has its own
dance tune on a skanking would you like the word have a skank why don't we
give it a shot yeah you need to be dressed appropriately you can't be
wearing casual clothes just like this it doesn't work and get made fun of by the
show so you need to be dressed appropriately let's start with our
footwear personally i find that converse work very well when you're skanking not
only do you look good in them and you fit in with the crowd but you also will not
slip when you're skanking and you have a good grip on the floor
who was that little thing in the background
skinny jeans are mandatory not only do they let you be free and let your legs
move wherever they want but they also make you feel very secure also with
skinny jeans a checkered belt is very good because it fits in with the scott logo
moving up to the torso you need a good band teacher we all know life is
good but it's not that good when you're skanking
here we have mustard plug they're a good band and they're good for when
you're dancing so close to a shirt yeah he may not be scott but he's reggae and
everyone loves bob and lastly a good scotch shirt the toasters this will be
great for when you're skanking around and you'll be able to make lots of
conversation with other fellow skank skankers to top it all off you're
going to need a good hat to wear while you're skanking and walla a footwear
can do it just like that so let's start skanking the first step to
skanking is bobbing of your arms so let's look at this all you're doing
is moving your arms up and down just practicing this and for you to get the
same motion and then move on to the next step next you're going to start
kicking your feet while you're bobbing your arms this is the second
step to skanking after that though you're going to start kicking which is the
last step after this just give this a couple shots and then you might be able
to be a pro at skanking good job oh now that we know how to skank let's try
adding a few modifications to see if we can make any other skanks that will look
very good also on the dance floor well we're the basics for you to get the
same motion then we'll move on to the next step next you're going to start
kicking your feet while you're bobbing your arms this is okay we don't have all
the time in the world here and i can't learn all the advanced steps of
skanking right away so let's start with that one and maybe we'll come back
to this after i master basic skanking
um we have a skanking emote that's beautiful maybe we'll have to get
another one after i do this best ska playlist of all time
oh wait this is playing at two times speed
okay well you know let's find actually because i'm going to skank my heart out
i felt too much stop it i felt too much i just stop
it was too evoked it evoked too many emotions in me
i felt like i was back in the well what the fuck
that's what i mean that's what i mean nobody ever placed car around me again
it pulls something out of me i don't like i don't like it
i don't like when it doesn't calm down jeez
right everything's fine everything's fine
ah you're never too old to learn a new trick i'll see you soon
can't find my head i can't find my freaking
sunglasses one second it's so bright up here candles here everybody is anyone
a doctor is anyone know about foot pain anybody
is anyone want to be my google wiki doctor i'll think out i can see again
i have foot pain i have bruises on two sides of my feet and a weird dead thing
on my heel and my heel hurts i don't know if they're swelling
but my heel definitely hurts and uh it definitely hurts when i walk
there's definitely a bruise i think she bruised her heel but maybe the bone
can you bruise the bone is that a thing don't do that
don't do that it's on both sides of my feet and then it's my heel
basically i slipped on a slippery rock and then my foot caught me
um on a different rock like i i slipped onto a different rock
and that stopped me from slipping even further and yeah that's basically what
happened she banged her foot real hard
what a doctor no that's what i keep saying i say let's go to the doctor
you and me i'm dj music i love doctors
what do i have to see a doctor well it depends how bad it hurts and how long
it lasts or well the thing is i can walk on it
and i when it happened that day i was limping the next day it was hurting but i
didn't want cases friends to know it was hurting and then today i'm not limping
it just hurts and it just feels like there's pressure but i'm not limping
so it doesn't feel better than it did it lasts more than four hours we're
so going to doctor what lasts for more than four hours
um feelings if you catch feelings that last more than four hours
but first when we could do some i thought they would all be in case of
street they're hiding they don't like they're only like immaculate feet they
don't like bruised feet take pics and ask for answers i don't like
you they'd probably tell you was it black and blue on the
side like there are like two little bruised dots on my foot
and i don't know how they're on both sides that like
that that's a little confusing because i slid
and hit a rock on this side of my foot so i'm not really sure why this side is
you know like did i hit myself on the other side
ice and tylenon we need to put pics and discords to diagnose
no okay there's your answer could be broken
they just cast you can get a brace it doesn't feel bro i can literally step
on it like it doesn't i don't think it's broken it's not swelling so that's
kind of good it's not swelling
yeah i think they're the same size i don't know i don't think one foot is bigger
than the other foot currently well that's good
yeah don't need extermination can't do that i think
i want to sing a fire that is like this instead of like this
it's like this you want to sing a song about it
do you want to sing a song do you want to sing a song as a foot
okay bye thanks guys oh she doesn't want to sing as a foot
well we'll check in with a foot then later to see
if it has any advice for kendall a similar things as a sinister dev
happened to my wife she didn't want to go to the hospital right away she kept
walking on it saying it wasn't bad it looked after two days of stubbornness
i got to the hospital her ankle was fractured straight through
jeez well good thing i'm a different guy and not
her boyfriend or he'd be worried about that
whoo all right let's see what we got on the news
docket for today in america we asked chat for medical
advice that's true just ask the internet to solve all
your problems it'll at least tell you about problems
okay what are we doing let's learn about a little bit of news before we talk to
a foot about i don't know what there's some big
stories out there today al here's one of them turn it up
turn up the music it's time that we celebrate
it's time to celebrate life if you have any problems out there
whether you're footbroken all right maybe you're fell down a well
maybe you're the capital of your nation's been essentially put under martial law by
a aging sex predator no matter what just know it could
always be worse and in a sense that means that you've always been
better because love is real y'all
traveler says severe diarrhea causes flight cancellation we're talking about
making red steams where she's not a monster
she simply blonde and flies a lot she single-handedly got a flight of indian
apollus that was canceled this is cool stuff
if that's like cancellation change trajectory of your life in a negative
way i'm so sorry but it wasn't without pain and suffering
ryan nirsten anani and budding actress explained that she was traveling
from portugal back to the u.s for a film premiere when a disturbance
deep deep in her bowels ignited something is brewing
something is happening that i am not prepared to deal with
it was so nasty not so little bug of the bell picked up after
eating undercooked hamburgers and the night before her flight
although food poisoning is rarely fatal
escorting to the cleavage clinic
they include by it meting
they also include the shit the king for the flight
she shit on that flight sometimes that's just life you know
love is love is love y'all that's why i do this to bring you stories like
that but i also do this segment once every couple of
months to talk to a thing that pops up
and um one of those things that's going to pop up as a foot
so if you have any medical questions for feet
ask the foot and a foot type beat will propel this foot to answer you
through the power of rap six foot seven now that's not a foot type beat
we need a feet type beat come on there's got to be a feet type beat right
no and i'm not sure how this is a foot type beat
is it even a beat nah that's not gonna work
melodic type beat i don't like any of these beats
okay this will have to do this is actually a foot type beat
don't let anyone else tell you it's not
let's meet this foot yo hello
yo this is my boy tomorrow my name is j foot
let's go let's get it five toes down because i'm just one foot if you get it
whoo why do you let folks air them out on a good
airplane because when you want an airplane everybody likes to act like the whole
air chains but the fact of the matter is if you wait to
scream at the end of the day you still got feet
whether you got those five toes right down or you're pounding all ten down
straight to pound town you know that you a bullet guy
if you alive if you walk then you on my side
because i'm a foot man i know i ain't talking that foot clan
why is a foot better than a metric meter man that's a easy to feed a ride tell
you what's up and you know what the king's got a foot and it
doesn't suck the size of the king's foot should be the
standard measurement because the king was heaven set i'm talking
he got the gift from god to stand on top of the human body he's a
fucking king and here's the thing his foot side is all the
bling whatever his toes look like that makes that
measurement so right if you get your nails done is it a
pedicure or hair styling baby i hate to say this shit but it
sounds like your foot profiling which actually is good
i love the profile of foot as long as it's foot i think it's the
should i like all the feet baby you know that i got the feet
meet when i'm patting around town i'm a little little biggies
i like to get those pinkies a wiggly i'm five toes
that's what's up i'm also the heel and the pad but
ooh that's a foot that's a foot wrap wrap up your foot man if they hurt then
wrap up your foot man that's a medical advice for your whole damn life
if you're wrapping your foot it might feel real nice
whether in a shoe or some fucking glue i'm like a foot dude
i'm a foot dude bye bye okay he was a foot i picked up on that
all right that's all the time we have for the day let's find somebody to raid so
we can get out of here as usual i'll tell you that is the
stream and also as usual i will say that it was a dream and if you wonder
why the stream was such a damn dream well it's because the word dream
does rhyme with stream all right let's go and rate us a real nice
jina you know that i'm feeling so into you miss jina darling and you know that
she's on so we gonna raid her until the second sun all right
another session on the road from dj music with the lights
that are out we gonna be going all night but do not
pout because the stream is done what the fuck
popping around man say hi to jina for me thank you so much for hanging out
we'll be back on wednesday with more of whatever this is
do not feel sad we bring you lots of news even when the news is bad but please
do not be sad boys and girls it'll be all right regardless of the state of the
world whoo my i'm gonna shout out chat and if you ask why i will say
all right we had a good old bash thanks for wishing a great stream there giggle
trash greg to you don't make me beg i'm thinking you as well just like fun
oh web and oh yes yes mr smith the boss i'm a c u to the mighty
ours i love the hate but i feel great so do not doubt it bundles
straw we making it great oh yeah skymer and s 1000 and sport of
fight give them an all a good pounding but that's it
the rain is happening everybody so i'm getting out of here thank you so much
for hanging out again we'll see you on wednesday the secret stream has to
die so that we can live
bye