I'm forget on the dog that produces the show and now it is live
Hello everyone we're back
For eight hours. Oh actually let me go ahead and start this timer
Technically, I'm not debating yet, but I'll count this anyway. I will count this as a debate time. I made a timer
just for this
The same time, but I forgot I can just set a timer to eight hours
Boom we've started
Great to see everybody big jade up so reach the MSG currently working super beast stormburn lady side tricks stony apple dappler a
silva
MSG ah
Oh my god, it's already a debate the debate in chat does the pre-show count towards the timer
I'm gonna say no because I've already started the timer, but I could be wrong. That's the power of debate
The principle this country was founded on
debate
That's our founding principle actually
Never I'll go ahead and say sometimes
That's my contribution an exclamation point. Oh plus what you think it is
Have the sounds again fix that for this stream
Giggle trash. Thank you so much for the sub
We're in exclamation point one through five. Let's you vote in these quick little flash poles
Anybody wanting how's those how those work you can actually
Request them yourselves for the low price of three thousand channel points
And then exclamation point or no you just fill in what you want the pole to be and mods
You can make those whenever you feel like
Let me set one other thing up so we have a new segment today to try out possibly with some friends
We have
Munch and crumb for sure for a lot of this a
Ton of munch ass Kendall. Hey Kendall does the pre-show count towards eight hours in an eight hour stream
She says she thinks it does
It's only eight minutes off
This time is already we're already two minutes into this either way
For either two minutes or ten minutes in but this timer says two minutes
But maybe for the future I'll count it
Kendall's always right. That's true. Oh, also someone was jonesing for the couch speaking of Kendall and couches
Yeah, that's right. I have the power to spy on Kendall whenever I like
Oh, she's okay
She came to the studio this type trade noctur all the way to the studio the music's pumping Kendall
Yeah, give him the cheese give the Peter the cheese
Whoa, we're popping off early today with a golden
Kappa terrain. Oh, no, I know what that means
Kendall you want to sit in this chair for a sec?
Oh
You've summoned me again
My god great news it is I
That's exciting guys, it's King capa to run
There's this golden capa train rampages through the stream so early
Everything I touch with my ass turns to gold do you remember that?
Yeah, I remember that that's your only thing specifically my asshole or
Anything I put in there. I need to test it
You forgot your own gimmick already. I
Prefer King though. She's got more energy. She's not obsessed with anything. She puts in her ass turns to gold
We're two different things
I'm King capa to run. She's King down
My thing is anything I put in my ass turns to go
And her thing I think is dancing one of those is a little more relatable. Yes, everyone's put stuff in their ass
But only I am cursed for it to turn
into
Put me up man make me go do crazy. Yeah
It's happening now. Let's just be flowing
This is supposed to be a debate stream
I'm already six minutes and we haven't debated anything. Thank you so much everyone for the support though
John Michael with a hundred bits Apple Dappel with a hundred bits entity blasting us with five community subs
Setting off this golden capa
train
Same idea I guess Matt Liddell. Thank you so much for the 20 months of being subbed and giggle trash with the 19
19 months that's crazy
Now play me
Think we have to debate something though. This is a debate stream
Entropy destroyer
Entropy being absolutely crushed into a level five train
I'll debate you for the power of kingliness. I
Guess we could debate if monarchies or
Democracy are superior
Be
Ten subs an entropy destroyer with the also crazy five
They're actually reducing entropy in the universe every time they some maybe eventually
Now the flies are sticking around I get this sense
What are we debating? It's usually kind of munchin crumbs deal, but I'll start off by debating King Capitaran. I guess
Let me see if I can even do polls myself yesterday for some reason I couldn't and that would be useful if I also could
could set them up
That would be nice. I can view results. I can hit new poll. That's exciting. Oh
My god giggle trash coming through what the hell we already have to do the country jamborete
Which is an all-country debate
country music debate
And chat didn't ask for that exactly but now they're gonna get it at some point the country jamborete
Yeah, it's like a combination of country jamboree and debate barely. It's mostly country jamboree
It's an all country debate. What don't you understand if I put in my ass to be an all-golden debate
Also monarchy could still have an element of democracy
I
Just kind of a weird distinction you're making in my opinion
People underestimate democracy
Monarchies
It's on the screen. Okay. Well look only in a monarchy
will you be protected by
The linear rights of
Guys with curses I'm cursed to be king and similarly I'm cursed to put stuff in my ass and turn it to gold
Technically you could just not put stuff in your ass
You don't understand you take it for granted how much stuff you put in your ass for me every time it's a choice
Do I want this to be gold and that's what monarch is all about?
How are those two related because in a normal system?
I might not be able to be king because they'd be like this guy puts the stuff he puts in his ass turns to gold
And I don't like that, but they're protected against their own poor decision-making by me
Just being king because my dad was
My daddy was king
Kindle is totally unfazed by everything I say she's too used to it
That's you can probably still surprise me
That's the next stretch goal anyway. Thank you so much giggle trash for the ten community subs so far democracy for some reasons
You don't even defend democracy. I don't think I even have to I think
You know it's what we got in the United States where most of my viewers are from so they're kind of just going with it
What a horrible defense also you don't seem like the best king because that you put like every all your subjects in your ass and stuff
Well, there's the royal ass cleaner and obviously I go through those pretty quickly
Sometimes just their finger turns to gold sometimes the whole arm and sometimes just the whole guy
I don't really get how that works
Obviously if their hand is gold they cut it off and they sell it usually because I don't pay them
You know, I just demand to do it because I'm king. Oh
democracy, what did I say?
I'm just a man powered by hyphen gold and monarchy. I'm just not all those things are that popular
Well anyway, apparently that's a super beast with 18 months
You ran out of beat and we ran out of debate. We need to see what the next golden beat is a golden trap beat number two
It's just a sunset that doesn't bode well usually it needs to be a cartoon character in a drip goku thing or smoke it
And this is neither
That's another thing to debate. I just got to keep the debates going today
Then that was a win for democracy. Congratulations everybody proudly democratic
Um best cartoon smoking spliff
Bart
Morty
Hmm stewie
bugs and
And
Coming out of far left field the rescuers down under this is a five option one
And you can't even see all the options on screen
Which could be a consistent issue today
But those are your options Bart
Morty
Stewie bugs bunny or maybe just bugs
And of course the rescuers down under
Who's best to have on a rat beat smoking a spliff or just the best character smoking a split?
I personally would say you got to go with the classic you got to go with Bart
The classic in this case is bugs
The loony tunes are the most classic tunes
They've existed since time immemorial
back in ancient
Mesopotamia
We had uh, you know, bug's bunny was there
spliffed out
Rock and sunglasses already. You were there in ancient Mesopotamia. Well, I'm sort of immortal too
Why are people just randomly immortal on this stream?
I don't know
Unlike the normal hype train. I don't go back to hell. I have to go catch a bus
So
Can I get five bucks?
Everything you put in your ass turns to gold just put like
Some of the mince we leave out in your ass and pay for the bus that way
It doesn't go through the little change thing
I can't just shove golden mince
Into the driver's hair. I bet if you give the driver of the bus a piece of gold
But I don't I love them have to wash it or he'll be like this is proof
Then do that
Okay
But thank you for the support. It's all going straight into my ass
It's not it's it's staying on the internet. Don't worry. But thank you all for the support
Um giggle trash 10 subs. That's crazy super beast 18 months
Uh incredible tamtrant 10 10 community subs at redestroyer five
Bugs bunny did win the spliff debate by the way. We'll have more
Debate debates where we actually talk about the subject now that the hype train is
Taking a break. Oh my gosh. I also had something in my teeth
That's not good
Did I get it? I did not get it
Oh, this is so gross. Okay. I got it
Sometimes you have to do that live on air. That's what the pros do
So far we've settled democracy is better than monarchy and bugs bunny is the best uh character that smokes
a spliff
The best character to the best cartoon to smoke a spliff. Thank you psychor. I appreciate that
Well, you unlocked so many exclusive capi
I finally sort of get how the hype train works
But I don't know what the distinction is with this this golden capitrain
I guess just more emotes stuff is gold. I don't know. Okay, where
Technically two debates into this eight hour debate stream. They were very loose debates though
Other things we have to do today. We got to do in music because that was requested yesterday
Joe Rogan's gonna have to debate something with himself
Because that we we didn't get to that yesterday. I had to rush to a meeting right at the end of the stream
and um
And I got to do a country jambore eight
At some point and I also have to figure out what that is
Before we get to all of that. I'd also have two friends coming over. Let's check in with kendall really quick on the kendall couch
Look at her
She's on the couch
She's got like a whole apparatus to look at her phone
She's listening to chapel row
And that's why she's vibing out so hard
It's a little creepy being able to just
Oh, okay, and we also have a trend at the movies which we'll also have to figure out some way to make that a debate
So she has a thing so she can read her kindle well
You're not on currently
But I can show it off. She has a thing
Yeah, she's gonna show up she has a whole apparatus so that she can lay down and read her phone
Without having to hold it or read her kindle. She's been reading a bunch of romance novels
So she can like watch her phone
She can read your kindle. She also has a clicker
So that she can change the page on her kindle
Get off or she can clip that
It's a whole system she's got going on
You know it's not kind of crazy to me, but then I looked at her doing it and I was like damn that does look
Very comfortable
You want me you want to be back on did you have more to show off?
Okay, that's our product demo for the day
It's just smart. She's just doing smart business. Okay trend at the movies also in the docket
You know for once I should be able to get to everything
I should be able to get to everything because uh, I have eight hours. Well now seven hours and 42 minutes
I also have a friend coming over
Before we get to any of that let's test this new segment
And see if it's working at all you might recognize it if you watch a lot of youtube as um close to something else
But I didn't really think through how this will work. I just set up the segment
so
We'll kind of figure it out
on the fly
But it it seems like a place where we could do debates in a different format
So I set it up at all. So it just looked kind of funny to me. Um
Yeah
Because I do think there's uh, you know, there's always room for debate
So let's get some more people in on it and do a little
Jambelia
All right. I got all these correspondents lined up
We're in the infinite inky void
That is this
jambalaya set
I have a number of um
Well not experts. We're trying to source
Just random people unfortunately the only people I have around are
Mostly my own correspondents and one grandma, but today we've got chat
Great to be here great to provide my expertise on whatever issue. Thank you chat. We've got lilyana
Also, it I am here and that makes me feel a certain way and I'll let the chat decide which way that is
We also have uh
Grandma crumble bottom. That's correct. I'd prefer to go by grandma crumble bottom
And it's a pleasure to be here
And uh, we got we got tyler. Yeah, man. It's fucking me
Hey everybody
You guys don't know grandma crumble bottom?
Dude, she's a good lady. You gotta get on this grandma. You're fucking rule
Do you agree with that grandma crumble bottom?
I I'm just fun to be here. It's fun to be in the dark with these fellas and the lady
Thanks grandma crumble bottom
Okay, so the way this works
I don't know we're gonna have to figure it out on the fly
There's several formats that I've seen done in these inky black spaces
Sometimes they do secret blank
And you'll never guess which who I'm trying to rip off here
Oh speaking of ripping them off. I'm missing my
I'm missing my um
One second
There we go to we gotta have the logo going or how are you even gonna know what you're watching?
They sometimes do um like uh
A secret blank they sometimes do too they do like a group versus group
They sometimes do like um
People stand where they want their opinion to be we can't do that one. I don't want to make these uh
Feels like a dystopian judgment council. That's what I'm going for
So that means it's working
Look at them
Out here in the darkness of the jambalaya set
Jambalaya
I kind of like calling it jambalaya
Yeah, they are unisex uniforms. We haven't gotten our new coat yet. So everybody's still in this
But chet's wearing his a little um, I guess he's not now buttoned it up. Wait wait. No, I didn't wear nothing low
Just for uk
They should get the blazer from the prisoner
Well, we have a new blazer coming
So anyway, we have our contestants lined up. We got one two three and four chet's one lily onus two
grandma crumble bottom is three
And tyler is four over there
So chet, I guess what we'll do first is secret blank
The way this works is one of these people has a secret
an incredible secret um
So no wait the way this works is all of these people share a fact
Except one of them is lying about sharing that thing. So the way I've seen this done is like
secret conservative amongst a bunch of libs
So like a fake liberal basically so one of these people is faking
being like the other
And I and chat I want you to tell tell me what you think it is they're faking and then we'll just go with that
And then chat you will try to vote on who is the fake basically
If that makes any sense
It might be a way to do debates
That's a little different and then when I have friends over we can try it again
So if you have any ideas for what these people what these people might share except one of them's faking it
Throw those in the chat and we'll go with one of them
And there's really no rush because we have um we have a ton of time today
Eight hours in fact well seven hours and 37 minutes chat any facts about you that you want to share just to warm people up
That's not chat. I'm chet cut to yourself much dude. Jeez
These numbers on here
The only number I am is number fucking one. Oh put that next to me
They voted for Obama. So one of us did not vote for Obama
And I'll let you in case you got a sort of who that is
That's true. I do okay. I'm gonna write down
I'm gonna write down the number
for who didn't
They know who's faking and so do I but chat you don't
My god, how do I not have there we go? I've seen a marker. Okay
One of these people didn't actually vote for Obama
But they're gonna claim that they did
I just wrote down the number of that person on this piece of paper which I'm sliding in here
So you know that I can't change it
Boom it's in there and I'll give and everybody and I'll circulate real quick copies to everybody else
So they have the exact same thing in their coat conveniently
Uh chat you can now ask them questions
We'll give you about five minutes to sort out who you think is lying
Um feel free to throw any questions you want in the chat
Just let me know who they're who they're directed at or I can ask them more generally
But we have contestant one two three four and five here chat lily on a grandma crumble bottom and tyler one of them
Didn't vote for obama the rest of them did but all of them are going to claim they voted for obama
Chat it's up to you to ask questions to figure out
Which one of them is lying one of them's a filthy liar. Okay. How do you feel about tan suits?
And dijon mustard this is to sort out sus out who's lying
A tan suit can only really be pulled off by
like
You need to have at least like
um
Like chingy levels of riz to pull off a tan suit I would say oh or like a um
Like the the church that like the pastor of a medium-sized church can pull off a tan suit other than that like
If you don't have that level of riz, I'd say don't wear it
Obviously I could pull off a tan suit
But I can actually go several levels up and pull off a pink suit
Or even a linen suit. I can pull that off as well. It's kind of limitless for me
So for me it's just another suit. All right. Did I just see double?
Oh lily on opinions on a tan suit
Uh many of the we got to fix these nambas case
They can us do this work for you on the fly. I'm number two
um
Yeah, I think um, it's a good look a lot of the desiccated elder gentlemen's that I've seduced
Uh have been in tan suits. I say that's fine. So I'm good as them
um
Grab my crumble bottom any opinion on tan suits
Yeah
It's a classic look
For
Whether you're young or old
It reminds me of of a good breakfast
And I like it
Okay, everybody seems to be pretty in agreement on tan suits tyler. I don't fucking like suits honestly
For me, I like to leave my arms free
If possible, I'm constantly
Um, I'm constantly wearing a t-shirt with a cartoon character smoking a spliff on it
It could be bogs could be stewie
But I guess if I could wear a tan suit plus that t-shirt, I'd be more comfortable with it
But like I hate having to wear this suit dude like it's all love
But like I'd love to like set my bad boy arms free and I just can't in this thing. So
Oh tyler the one voice of dissent there. Okay. Um, how do you feel about? Oh, that's the same one if you didn't vote at all
Does that also mean I didn't vote for obama?
That's from cytricks. Chat did cytricks not vote for obama because they didn't vote at all
That's a good question, but I did vote for obama
is what I'm saying and
You did not by not voting
But you did also not vote for the opponents of him of which were hillary clinton
and
george soros
you don't remember who was running and
You don't remember who was running as obama was mccain and then romney
Well, anyway to answer your question. Yes
I don't think chet understands the question
Um, yeah, if you don't vote for somebody. Yeah, you didn't vote for somebody if you didn't vote for somebody
Okay, lily on a little more straightforward
I
Think if you're a harch in the right place
Then you voted
for your friends
Okay
Grandma crumble bottom kind of fighting for her friends there
um
Look, I think votes
Like we all talk about like who votes for why?
But in a sense if you're voting with your heart then all of us voted for love
And that's all I can say
So far I can't say I'm figuring out who's lying here
I'll give it one more question and then we'll have chat vote on who's a fucking liar most american pie
After apple pie. Okay. This could settle it
Shit, this is a really good fucking question. Um
And as an obama voter
I'd say
Keelan
Keelan, I guess I guess this may be the most popular
Um, most american pie after apple. Um cherry. That's easy. It's a rock and roll pie
Everybody loves a good rock and roll pie. I'd say yeah, I'd say that's right
Okay, lily on a going with the easy cherry
Hmm
Buttersnitch
Buttersnitch a good buttersnitch pie
Roasting on the on the marmalade
Tray
You leave it out for the window all the little all the little neighborhood kitty cats and kids come around and they have a couple licks at it
And that's classic america
Wasn't familiar with buttersnitch, but tyler. Um, probably like gatorade
No a pie. Yeah
Like a gatorade pie
Okay, um
That's probably enough for you to go on chat. I mean, this is mostly a test run anyway
Who didn't vote for obama and who's a liar?
Is not what we will have to decide based on those three just based on those three questions
You gave it your best chat and I think
There's only one way to tell
And that's for you to vote. So here are your options one two three four and five is chat line
Is lily on a line
Is grandma crumble bottom dear sweet grandma crumble bottom a filthy liar
Or is it actually tyler?
Grandma crumble bottom any last minute defense of your voting record voting for obama for sure, right?
I don't know why everyone is so suspicious of me
I I like a buttersnitch pie. I think he's a nice young man
He's very smooth with how he talks
uh, he's very well dressed
and um
He looks like he has fun when he does handshakes
Okay, we're gonna cut off grandma crumble bottom before she
Just sort of politely starts saying racist things. Um tyler any thoughts? I mean, um
look I
Don't honestly know if I hit the wrong button when I voted
But I did mean to vote for obama
So if it's me then it was basically just a whipsy daisy and you can't hold that against me
That's fair. Chat. You seem the most likely to not vote for obama. I'll be honest
Um, are you sure you did? Yeah, I just fucking did dude like
I just went in there. I fucking I gripped it and ripped it fucking grabbed that lever pull it down
Boom
I don't know dude. He's just fucking cool dude
He says like rivers to he like talks about like soaring rivers and fountains or some shit and like making america have
like 25 cents again or whatever
And that shit all resonated to har with me and I just had no choice
Even though like I like that mccain like can transform into a fighter plane. That's pretty sick
But looking back I was a younger man of like I was like 16 or like 12 or some shit
And I had no choice just to vote for like the cool one. Sorry wrong number there lilyana
Um, well, legally I actually am from a different country and couldn't vote
But I did I did anyway
And uh chat says it's number three case
Was I correct?
I'll do the hosting here lilyana. Don't be a little bitch. Oh, geez. Okay, that's fair. Um
Well, oh I should get some reveal music, but instead I just have this weird music
Chat did you suss it out?
Did you somehow read the movements of my arm as I wrote the number?
Perhaps because this is backwards to you, but it was
Number three you frickin did it grandma. How could you lie to us like that? Well, that was the gimmick of the thing
I think that they get lucky because they're doing elder abuse
And they think that I that I'm a big conservative because I'm old
Little jokes on you. I'm only 68 years young
and I vote
Kind of just based on the smells in the room
And I sniffed all the names and the name that smelled the best that year was romney
Um, and then I sniffed a couple more times. I realized that the green party smelled the best and then I voted for whoever that was
okay
Grandma fought for civil rights in the 60s. Absolutely. I kept telling people civility is so important
We've got to be nice to each other no matter what your opinion is
Let's stay civil
Thank you for your service. I tried
Yeah, it may have been nader
Nadir. Yeah, that sounds right
Okay, well look that's how this segment sort of works
It's a little confusing. There's other things we can do with it. Oh, I forgot I can also set the topic
And let me just make sure that works too
um
Who didn't vote?
for
obama
Let's see if that actually said it
Oh, baby. It all works so well
We'll clean this up eventually, but if you're wondering why the stream was slightly late today
I really didn't mean to start at 11
Um, but then I set this whole thing up
So it's a little jinky because I had to do it in
In almost no time, but uh, but it does seem to more or less work and then once some friends are here, we'll try it again with them
um, but for now
You know, we're all about civil discourse here and uh, letting all opinions be heard. So thank you for your candidate and uh
Except for you grandma you liar
honest opinions
Of course, I stay fucking straight honest all the time
And me as well
I'm nothing if not honest sometimes in ways that get me kicked out of sam's club
They don't know what that means. I I didn't I did lie
I love to lie
It gives me a sense of power and it gives me a rush
They're being honest about that at least I don't really get what's happening, but
Cool
All right, and that's probably where most people are at tyler and that's all for now. Send it back to me in a different room
Oh, yeah, I forgot this has kind of a wind up to it. Anyway, this has been jambalaya. Let's get to let's get to much in chrome and do some more
debate
Is it weird that twos accent is attracting you?
He's got a very specific type dragon hazard
That she that she talks about probably more
Then I should have her talk about it
Who didn't vote for obama? Oh, yeah, I can also get rid of the topic. There we go
We'll go back to jambalaya for more whatever that is. We'll keep trying stuff. We can also do one side versus the other side
So many options in that dark room with
The desk, okay
Maybe we'll wind our way up
To um, you know, we'll do a bunch in chrome, uh, and then we'll and then we'll go to the movies
And then we'll just we'll just do much in chrome and then a different segment
That's how we'll space it out today
Just to give them a break. I mean they could get tired if I make them do it non-stop for
So many hours
So I should unmute my phone. So let's send it over to him. It's gonna be a lot of it today. It's time for munchin chrome
Eight hours of debate. Is that supposed to this? Is that supposed to scare me?
A debate in my whole life. I was born to this life. I was born
To say stuff that's disagreeable at another person and I've lived true to that
Fact munching on victory ever since I was born
Nah, but a couple thousand years ago
Six thousand plus years young I look incredible and you look awful and hopefully by the end of the day you shrivel up and die
Like, uh, you know an unwoddered flower but an ugly flower. So basically, you know, like a turnip or some shit
Sort of rambling his way through as usual. Uh, it's good to be here. It's gonna be a long one today
I actually plan on pacing myself
Because unlike some people I won't let my hubris make me shout and scream right away. I'm not gonna get mad instantly
unlike you
But good
Good, you bring this sort of weak attitude
I don't plan on pacing myself at all
I will bring the daggers out instantly
eviscerating you
You think you're gonna climb up this score today?
Blah blah blah I I'm gonna hit 200 in fucking eight hours. Yeah, right
Not a fucking chance. Well, I mean, I'm not expecting but I think I can climb well ahead today as we have numerous
from my end, uh
You know a generous and well considered debates and from your end just sort of screaming
I don't always scream sometimes. I also whisper angrily and I think you're really selling me short
Okay, well look, uh, we don't have anything particular lined up to debate today case as usual has given us no
Preparate no preparatory materials. So chat it is up to you
If there's any topic you'd like to see, uh, crumb and I debate throw it in the chat
And uh, we'll probably debate it if it's not something that will get
Me in trouble. I don't know if much cares. I see that's I'm unlimited. I'll debate fucking anything
but I will nick some things because
Uh, I actually have taste in standards
What I'm nice and calm not bad yet
Is burping or something what's going on?
Also nice meeting your wife yesterday. Yeah, I'm sure it was. She's a lovely woman
KP's wiki feet versus Kendall's wiki feet
Uh, is crumb's wife actually his wife. Oh, that's a touchier one. Let's do both
That's true. There's a lot of debates to get through today. So let's do both the second one is very easy
That's a yes, and the first one's also easy. Uh, Kendall
I gotta remember to say the name first
We're debating Kendall. We're debating if your wiki feet or kevins is better
Oh
Would you prefer we don't debate that?
She says we can bring it up this one last time and then we gotta stop mods if you don't mind making that poll
Also mods if you got places to be this uh, this is a long one. So
I can make crown make all sorts of pulls too. Well
I only do it because I don't trust you to
even just type correctly
with your
stupid
Gangly hands giggly hands
These are hands of them sculptor 47 minutes ago. I began worshiping my trump shrine for 47 minutes
Worshiping your shrump my trump shine
Wait worshiping. I think that means shrine
Or there's a shiny bobblehead trump just reflecting into steve steve mnemonics eyes
I don't know uh either way. Well the thing we're debating isn't that it's uh, Kendall versus cavenge wiki feet
I'm going with Kendall. Look hers is a more sparse wiki feet last time we checked. It only had one picture of her feet
But it's quality not quantity
There might be many more pictures of kevins feet on his wiki feet
But Kendall's feet are much nicer feet and I'm not even into feet. I'm saying from a purely
objective aesthetic standpoint
She's got lovelier feet with a nice tattoo on it. So even if you're not into feet
You can be in to the tattoo and it's just it's easy it's easy Kendall's got you know
Dude feet dude feet are just usually a little groucher and that's incredibly sexist of you to say
Just diminishing the value of dude feet dudes rock and dude feet
And I've never experienced defeat while enjoying my dude feet kevin has a more of
Illuminous and well-trodden wiki feet
Filled with pictures after a storied media career those little piggies have been on camera more times than I can count
And the boy barely even wears socks loves to rock sandals
Uh, you know the little wagglers are out all the time and those fishy bite back
I love to see his feet
I love to see his wiki feet and I love all the options so many pictures to click through on his lovely wiki feet
Handles is nice, but it just is not as storied
Of a wiki feet career as kevin has created for himself by getting those little piggies out on the town constantly
Well, I just would say even assuming kevin really doesn't wear socks with his sandals that means he's got kind of
Street worn dirty soles on his feet the piggies are dirty all the time
So I suspect in many of those pictures the feet are in subpar condition. I have it on good
Standing that Kendall keeps her feet very clean
Is a regular wear of both socks and house shoes an excellent strategy
If you want to keep your feet from being kind of grubby little dirt soaked monsters
Just kevin keep the same level of feet hygiene foot hygiene
I doubt it and I bet you can even experience that because there's even more pictures on his site and
Everyone is on my set not everyone
I'm warming up. See I'm warming up. You said you're not gonna warm up. I'm the one warming up
Yeah, but I'm
I'm already at full energy because I always am
But from there is where I wore I warm up from 100 up to 200 you're already at like 500 percent
You're gonna overheat soon. Well, I'd say the main thing take away here is I won the first one
And I'm excited for that trend to continue. I'm two points ahead
Look at these huge scores and we're putting up 102 and 104. I'll give it to you 102 wins. That's pretty good. You know what's better
the 104
boy, we're gonna have to hear
Probably ultimately my song quite a bit, but you only have one song. I actually have two
That's just a shame we're gonna have to hear this fucking song so much
Anything I hate oh quiet my song
Maybe I should remake this song today remake this song just make a new song
Gonna go been broke before four hours. Oh, yeah
Kings was gonna shut up old gambling system. There was no time to set up the gambas system
It got too confusing too quickly, but that's a future project
I'm for case quit demanding things that don't require work from you crumb
I'm just saying it'd be nice to have i'm throwing my support behind the country. I'm not insisting on anything
Oh, sorry you got distracted. There's a millhouse trap beat
That loaded up
Yeah, I can see on the monitor over there that case has a millhouse trap beat that he can click on at some point
That's exciting a nice millhouse trap beat
We can lower the price of voting no the value is set 69 and 90
You want your votes to count you have to spend a little money. That's just how democracy's always been
This is really not how it's supposed to be we could also just allow for actual honest polls
I mean even if only 20 or so people are voting we could actually
Crowd source the audience in a way that has any semblance of fairness to it
It's fucking fair if you watch more and you earn more you do more you get more and you vote more by heaven more
That's just life, baby. It's beautiful. That's democracy in action
Because I don't do this for free
You're crumb believable. Oh, we have another debate to get to you see what I did at the end
The floor with you and I'm excited to do that as this is an easy one mods
If you don't mind the second debate that we'll be getting to before taking a little recess for case to go do whatever
The other stuff on the stream is
Uh is the lady you met yesterday actually my beautiful wife
Belulia crumb and the answer is simply yes and the fact that you're going to deny it and I know you will is ridiculous
Well, look, I mean
I've never met her before. Yeah, she looks like the lady you've shown me pictures of to try to prove you have a wife before
But maybe that's just you planning long term
I just don't see it. She's like, you know sexually awakened in a way that just isn't possible for you
I feel like the concept of sex is oil and water. It just refuses to connect to your body
You know any genital within a hundred meters of you is repelled like the world's strongest
negative magnet attraction
That woman was not a plant
Look, there's just some haters in chat
Is belulia really crumb's wife? Look, I've been married to her for 38 incredible years
We have two lovely daughters. Um, if you're gonna really look me in the eye and say that I'm faking my daughters
I'm faking my wife. Uh, I will point you to
An incredible, you know 40 plus year relationship 38 of which we're spending married to each other producing two of the most
Lovely daughters on the planet. So if you really want to deny my life have fun faking haters
I'll be moving to the left. I'll be I'll be swiping to the fucking left heading to the beach with my family
Uh for a spring break vacay because the kids are off school. So uh take that
How old are your daughters? Uh, they're uh 12 and 17
and denonia
When you know your daughter's denonia denonia crumb, you know, she's at that age where
She's not as excited to go on family vacations anymore
But I say, you know, because someday these will be the memories
Uh that she'll look back on and say, you know, I had a I had a really solid family
It gave me a great base. It gave me a great springboard into a beautiful adulthood and um, anyway
I'm getting off topic because I just love my family so much. But yes, that is my wife and I'm counterpoint
She's honestly just a little too sexy. Excuse me. She's a little too sexy for crumb, you know
She was kind of grossed me out yesterday because she kept talking about like coitus with you and shit
Even the word coitus is pretty disgusting. Um, but I just don't think I just don't think the universe would reward you in that way
It's just not possible
You know, you're a little you're a little thumb boy. You're just uh, you're fucking uh, you're like a an oompa-loompa that turned white, you know
You're like tweedle d and tweedle crumb
Except uh worse and I just don't think the universe lets that have sex
I think there's a I think that's just the natural order of things survival of the not you
So no, this is not possible man. I'm sorry
Well, okay, this is
I of course the the munch heads have pulled out their super pack powers
I'd like to point out that it was still very close at the end
Especially when you were talking just saying your usual horrible nonsense
You won dude
Oh, oh
Okay, sorry the it was going one way and then it went
went the other way ray silva
You can't do this all day. Eventually y'all are gonna run out of points
And then maybe those secret munch packs
Still have a couple points left
It burned through a lot of points for that one
Keep this bad boy propped up. How long can you keep that up? I jay. They could keep it up all day much like someone else
I know
What he's in the in the shack with his beautiful wife belulia. I got permission from her to make to say stuff like that today
She said let it rip if anyone challenges your masculinity. Let them know that we have passionate
powerful sex on the reg
You know responsibly based on her cycle just in case she's over but she still hasn't hit bad upon somehow
In this world of disinformation all bring reason to
I've challenged. I'm yawning because I've been beating you so much. It's honestly getting boring
I can't wait to hit 200 and see what it does to your broken mind
I wonder what beast will be summoned from your fractured personality this time. I say bring it on
I'm unassailable on the summit of what is it now? It appears to be mount crumb
Mount crumb fuchsia let it crumb fuchsia's crumb
You're crumb believable. What was so far from there? Stop fucking turtle smiling. I don't smile like a turtle. I'm not even close
Is this the bridge?
Where I can't even do that with my mouth. I try to smile my lips get fuller
Is this the bridge?
Oh, you're crumb believable
Oh
You're going broke munch. You can't back you back. Oh, he's great silver was backing you much. What you're crumb
No, but you won. That's how that's how poisonous you have become
To this fat to the cases viewers
You're they're turning against you. You don't even realize they're on this sad little island
Of anger and stupidity
You think you're out on a limb but you're out on that limb by yourself
This is the bridge they've turned against too much and now they've submitted mount crumb
And the air is clear and pure
Because we actually back green bills that recognize climate change
respecting of course
Industry it's important to keep a lot of industries going. There's a lot of workers and you know, honestly, look, they're limited
It's limited environmental protection, but it's better than nothing and yeah, we have to make a lot of concessions
But I'd say concessions and compromise are actually, you know
Necessary even with something as serious as climate change and we honestly do the best we can
What the fuck was that at the end? I think I nailed that. Oh, sorry. I took a lot of flak recently because uh
Yeah, I may have disputed supported a couple sewage dumps when I
Was mayor of crimson that came out recently, um, but I'm just saying those were
It's a give and take
Michael honest the next one
Just one vote one person
Don't let him get to you. It's as many votes as you can afford. This is america. Damn it. Well, you can't
We're not gonna let people buy votes anymore. What are we supposed to sweet? We get to spend our money on what we want here
And our imaginary money
This country was founded
Play me a millhouse trap beat while I say this this country was founded
on
money
And that and money over everything. I believe it was it was biggie smalls or some other great american who said
Dollar dollar bills y'all and how that shit is creaming at rule stuff and what do we even believe anymore? Huh?
Oh one vote one per one vote per person
What if that person wants to wear likes is wearing sick alligator shoes their drip is off off the fucking charts
You're gonna tell that person to vote once you're gonna say no, dude
You look incredible. Where'd you get that suit get in there and vote as many times as you want
Fucking making it rain in the voting booth, you know
Crumbers three ahead. I can let munch win one
You should vote how you want and the system as he's set up. Unfortunately is
Essentially a monetary voting system, which is not exactly how the actual voting system works. I don't appreciate you constantly
Diminishing the value of american democracy. No need to diminish it. I'm supporting it. I'm saying that system has value
It's fucking valuable and I'm not selling it for free
The govage had a point. I'd also like to point that I'm way ahead on the planes
In a sense aren't the planes the most important counter. I've got nine planes and you've got one
People forget the planes even exist. No
They love the planes. They love me and that's why they support me with a bunch of jets
And they look great
Although it is confusing the munch planes
Trigger a graphic on a different set case never set it up so that this that it turns
That it turns off quite right on this set the crumb jet
And the and the and the munch jet. All right, well, we'll trigger the graphics actually behind us in case you're wondering
I mean that is a fair explanation of a very silly thing. Okay. Well, uh, we're gonna
Don't I'm talking I'm talking actually we're gonna take a little we're gonna take a look. We're gonna take a little break
I think case has to do some music and then and then also do
Uh, rogan and then also do movies and whatever other segments get demanded today
We've got to pick up the pace you're being so fucking slow crump. Well, there's all sorts of stuff to try
There's that weird black void that he's making people
Lying or whatever. I don't know. Anyway, we'll be back with even more
This millhouse beat is going pretty hard at least we can agree on that
At least we can fucking agree
And we gotta do a how-to I don't even know how you turn that into a debate
But we'll find a way
Where there's or there's a millhouse. There's a way
Look at him go
Millers on the flow
Crumb to go slow
Crumble but to blow don't fucking start delete let DJ music do the music man. Jesus Christ. All right. Look, we'll be back soon
Uh, that's all the time we have for right now
Millhouse will that millhouse play us out? We'll see y'all a bit a jabate. Ooh, that's
That's even better than country jamborete
Prunger added to munch again. How did he fix it back to his side?
All right, let's fix that real quick
Um craziness
Crumb jet is adding to munch. Okay. It sure is. You know why that didn't fix? I mean that would make sense why he's so far ahead
Um, okay. I think I'm fixing these now
That sure is cheese. Pepito
Pepito, how are you doing today? I haven't checked in with you
I'm looking good, man. I'm a lot of cheese. There's not even
Five yet. Okay. Uncle Phil took a thank you so much
Um, okay, let me fix these crumb planes real quick
That should do it. I think
Let's test it. Let me test it real quick
I'm gonna send it. I'm just gonna cut some munch for just to to crumb for just a sec so he can test his plane
Oh, I'm back on. Okay
Let me test a plane real quick
Make sure that somebody's not still
Oh, sorry my head hurts. It feels like my brain shrunk or something. Um, let me just see
Oh my gosh, there's so many of these
These have gotten a little crazy. Oh, I said we hit in one second. Okay. There we go. That should have turned them on
Where's my jets?
Dang it
That's still not
There's a crumb jet. Okay. Now just didn't do anything
Oh, no, no it added to it it added to it. Okay
Uh much is in the bathroom where I cut to him, but I guess we fixed it
I guess we fixed I he keeps paying off some IT guy that just to roll it back apparently but
Looks like now the crumb plane should work and everything and just in the shape for the shake of honesty
It looks like the munch planes should work. Okay back to case
slight technical issues
Good to see you dev. Hope you're having a good one. The debates are coming fast and fierce
Did the crumb?
Wait, why did it reset?
Oh, no
Did it subtract? Why are you so broken?
Oh my god
Apologies everyone. I I need to do a whole overhaul of the crumb plane system
I blame crumb. Okay that brought it up
increment
Okay, I don't know whatever it should be
It should be fine. I'm gonna say it's fine. I'll just I'll trigger a few crumb planes to get a score back up
Because at four
No more cheating munch munch whatever bathroom you're in. I know you can hear me
I pipe the stream into the bathrooms here. It's fucked up, but I do it
Increase the viewership by one
The cheese does work and I'll talk a little troubleshooting but the cheese works
At least the cheese works. It definitely works. It's working on me
Yeah
Pito feels good. Okay. Um, what did I say I was gonna do?
Music
I can't remember. I'll just do music now. Uh, new music's gonna have to debate
You know what? He can country jamborete
They're gonna have to have a country debate about something
It's been a while since music
We'll find a country superstar for him to debate about something chat's choice all day long chat you get to choose the debates
For now, let's see what music wants to debate. It's time for dj music. I can't see
Also, my voice is so high
Whoa
What's going on? Oh man
It's not sorry about that
For some reason
Beautiful
One second. I'm gonna reset something and see if it fixes it just a second a check. Nope. Oh, there we go
A check check, huh?
Oh well
look, I don't know what's going on in my voice today, but uh
It's getting fucked with a little bit for some reason
And that's how it goes sometimes. I guess I get his auto tune myself this way
It's important as a DJ music to auto tune yourself all the time
When you get Alzheimer's this will be what's in your head
There's worse things that could be in there. I'm for real LeRoc. It could be worse
It can always be worse, baby
All right, let's make sure I'm not too insanely loud. Let me make sure I'm not doubling up any sources a
Thing I love to do sometimes
Now we're good, baby
DJ news adverse the country bears. I heard that the country bears got removed recently. Is that a thing?
Let me look up country bear news real quick. Whoa
Country bear news
And have a little bit country bear
The bears are back. Nope, that's not it country bear news Disney. Ah, yes
There was a smoking bear. We'll talk about this and then chat. We'll see what you want me to debate
Country style. I got a debated. I probably a bear probably gonna have to debate one of these bears
First things first. Let's check out this story. Okay
country bears fire
He's on fire. Yeah, I
Thought that they got rid of this at Disney, but I guess they didn't I don't know why there's no sound on this
I think there's just legitimately no sound
Unless you guys are hearing it
Oh, well
Look at him go. He's just smoking out
The country bear is smoking out. Yeah, I know the poor jamboree
Okay, there's just no audio on that one for some reason let's get into this story a little bit before I debate somebody country style all about it
Yeah
Darling
Let's see
We have some clarification on what's happening with the bear sources with direct knowledge tell TMZ
The bear was supposed to smoke as part of the show, but there was a malfunction and a smoke too much
Oh, can you ever smoke too much? I'm not sure. Hey, wait a minute realize I need my fucking lasers, baby
Let me get these lasers going where are the lasers at I
Need the lasers man there they are
Yeah, I'm loving the lasers, baby
They're not working
Come on lasers. Oh, they're there
The lasers have arrived looks good
All right, sorry I've been zoned out just thinking about country bears, but now I have to debate one
Debate the awesome of the new song no more Kings 1.2 gigawatts shit. I have to listen to that first DJ music verse the country bears
I guess just who's better?
Any other options debate the spirit of Toby Keith
Talk to over cinnamon
Wait, who's cinnamon?
Cinnamon did I miss something I'm gonna have to look up cinnamon
Is that another is that another is that a viral moment that old DJ music missed?
I'm just so busy bringing the music beats to the airwaves
Which one is better on that thing I see
cinnamon rolls
Hock to it or cinnamon rolls or just hot to spitting or what putting cinnamon the spice on a penis
Unless cinnamon is so kind of viral thing that I just missed
Just trying to figure it out
Kendall was there a cinnamon thing recently that went viral
Not the Kendall Noah knows up
Digimon verse Pokemon. I think we've actually debated that before surprisingly and I'm pretty sure Digimon won. Oh
Yeah, okay. Well, we'll debate it then and whether cinnamon is better or or hawk to a thing
When you're you know when you got a phallus
Cinnamon rolls our country. That's true
Contra is fuck darling
Okay, let's do that then
Let me find a hot country track for us
Pop country instrumental is what we'll call it. I wish I knew why my usual alarm. Oh, that's better
Yeah
That sounds just about right to me. Okay, we're back to my normal auto. We're back to our regularly scheduled DJ music auto-tuning
That's better
Good as gold
Run free a Morgan well and well and tight beat. Oh, this is
This is the thing. All right, let's find a country bearative debate real quick
Later we can debate the ghost of Toby Keith. Maybe. Oh, yeah
All right
DJ music getting country tonight
It feels right
Celebrating life
We getting country cuz you know we on the right side. Yeah
Damn man
We country kids okay, what where's this fun? There's gotta be a country bear somewhere on here. These bears are not that country
Sorry, there's a lot of bears. I just put out a general internet call for a bear and I'm getting some interesting responses
Yeah, where the bears at man wait country cuz we came
Looking for bears now man. Let me take all these glasses real quick. Okay. I think I found a bear. I'm gonna pretend
This is a country bear
This is one of the most country bears I could find on short notice. We're gonna start over this track
we're gonna debate um
Cinnamon versus Hawk to a as a sexual act
Bears are at the Slammers there that makes sense
Disney did a slur for 40 years with one of the country bears
Not alone
Those those slurs will sneak up on you
When you're a fucking dumb ass like case and the country bears who are my opponents so I can say that
Let's bring a bear in here. I'm resetting the track. Well, damn man. I live in so wild and free
Oh
Roman in the great land
America baby, I love my country
There ain't nothing wrong with a little jamboree
Riding your truck across the freedom sea. I love to see so freely
And you see the most freely at a cutting jamboree
Me and my bears roll deep the family got 16 kids in the cheap seats
We all got trucks. We got a couple bucks. Yeah, we country, baby, you know that we fucks
Down south what I what side of my own?
I'll tell you're right now that I'm talking cinnamon
Cinnamon is better than a hot fucking to you and you know, I'm country so I'll prove it to you
If we don't have a mind that mine's making that told this country bear is gonna show him all show him all yeah
What you think about that DJ music I
Think we need the pole first man. I think you got to get the pole
We're gonna have to give you a new country track
So we can do this country jamboree about cinnamon versus hot to a
Cinnamon also known as cinnamon. I
Don't quite get how the two even line up, but that not gonna stop me from debating that
They're saying you're not country. How do you feel about that? I'm more country than anyone man
I'm filled with sugar glue tate. Oh shit my voice. Why does that keep happening?
I don't know but I think that actually works for you
No, I got a deep country voice stop modulating me up now. That's how you sound now
All right, look I'm on the side of cinnamon. I'm country and I got a deep
I'm got a deep classic country voice
This sucks that you're doing this to me
Sorry, this is how you sound defend your side using the power country way
Let me find a different track. You've already burned through this track too much. It's called going home
It's also a Morgan Whalen type instrumental
Yeah, I know
What you gonna do deep country rose me and the trucker eyes coming right through
What you want to do with that dog?
You want to spread a little cinnamon?
You know the baby you must have been fate
Where the little cinnamon you know my dick tastes great. What's the deal with all that spit?
You know that it doesn't mean shit
You spit right on that deck. It's not enough it even barely gets slick
Slickness is overrated when it comes to blow job spread a little cinnamon on that little country hog
Yes, drive a drive can feel nice. They said that shit when you're getting blowies
You need some friction the mouth is already wet. You don't need all that extra spit girl
Spread a little cinnamon on my dick and give that blowy world country bear y'all
This is an abstract debate. I have to say debate in a country jelly bear
Gummy bear
Well, that's fine. I'll do it anyway
Well, I'm sitting down and sound where we'd love to spit
You know spits way better than cinnamon on dick me and my truck rolling down on a whole dusty road
And I'm getting head tell my dick might explode. I say girl
Damn it. I didn't have time a
Country bear takes it again
Country bear on top man's cinnamon and I have the right to defend this a country jamboree
I'm off the beat, but I still feel great
Me you know my color bears. Oh, don't say that country bear
Stop it that does not sound right coming out of a country bear. What what's wrong with it? Oh my voice is back to normal
We're multiple. There's a lot of colors. We're little colored bears
Your cutoff country bear. Oh
man
Well, look at my voice back to normal for some reason I have to clarify those cinnamon roll is a viral country man and hot to it is a
Country viral man
That did not clarify big J. Yeah, you just don't get a man. You're not country enough
Well, look I I like to debate we debated the sexual act of cinnamon versus the sexual act of spitting
Hawk to a lost
Film country. Yeah, I'm the boss
With a little bit of grass in my mouth
Spreading cinnamon down south. Whoo-hoo. That's a classic country thing actually. Were you cinnamon as Lou?
That is not that is a you're a gummy bear and
Be that I just never heard of that
Put on put on your sunglasses and get out of here. Oh god my eyes
Someone ate out my eyes. Oh god
Oh
Whoa, I happened fast. Oh my god. I'm oh god my eyes
Well, look, it's all right. That wasn't me. Who else could it have been? Are there they're only human up here? Oh god
He just doesn't sound that bad when it's auto-tuned. Oh my god. It hurts someone ate my eyes
All right. Well, anyway, thanks for being here country bear. Hey, man, it's a pleasure come back
I'll come back anytime y'all. Whoo
Nice
cinnamon flavored hot toa
You think we made the right choice. Well, look, I apologize big jade up for not doing the actual thing
You want it? I maybe we'll figure out what the cinnamon viral cinnamon viral country lady is eventually
But instead we debated something insane and that's all the time we got main
Listen to some more debates because you know we can all right
That's all the time right now
We walking country so we're rocking out now
Thank you big jade up for the strange debate, but let's send it back to case before it gets too late
Oh Jesus track doesn't have a stopping point
We split but we don't even have a joint and more than that
I don't have a fucking point
So I'm a second back to case before I get really fucking moist moist. Oh well, whatever
DJ news it's a little weird
It's always been the case
He's got to embrace it big jade up. I think it's a great debate
Talk to a first cinnamon and if we were only better informed around here, we would have known exactly what you're talking about
Cinnamon country, okay, is that a thing I want to look this up now wise
Yeah, I can't find this at all
Holly cinnamon. I don't think this is what you were talking about
And also I don't think I'm looking in the right place or for the right thing
But when I looked up country cinnamon it just brought up the song small town queer
by Holly cinnamon
Anyway, I don't I don't I'm not I'm not gonna blow up Holly cinnamon too much because I haven't watched it
So I don't know what that's about to say, but that is what came up when I searched cinnamon country
Sin Simim Simon on is that the song? I
Feel like I'm losing my mind
Just a dab of cinnamon
Making pancakes for my family on a sailboat this can't be what you mean either
Simin
I got a turn on my news story one second. I've got to activate the news
Girl Google news really quick so I know which one it is
There it is news
Look if you Google news you get some unsurprisingly Trump don't get copyrights tricking well look eventually I'll figure out what cinnamon is
It's gonna take a minute, but we'll get there
Okay, let's send it back to bunch of crumb. I just need to if you if anybody wants me to know what this cinnamon thing is
I just need to know what to Google
So get what you're talking about here's the correct way to eat a cinnamon roll
The right way to eat a cinnamon roll we start by unraveling it from the center
People are reacting to this
People don't know this but this is actually the right way to eat a cinnamon roll
We start by unraveling it from the center
That is an insane way to suggest
Anyone would eat a cinnamon roll. Why how's that even is the original one of the video a bit?
I got to look up correct way to eat a cinnamon roll. I want to see the original video now because that's insane
They're all being crazy
People don't know this but this is actually the right way to eat a cinnamon roll
We start by unraveling it from the center and slurp it up like an evil
That's a bit too
You know great bits all around good work everybody
We start by unraveling it from the center and slurp it up like an evil
I take it back. That is the right way to eat a cinnamon roll
They're both right. This is one of the few debates where both sides are somehow right
Yeah, you do want to have your um eyebrow plucking tweezers on hand just in case
How do you eat cinnamon rolls? Pepito?
Um, I kind of slap them up off the floor
Most of them as I find them in the trash and there's a lot of other stuff in them. So it's sort of kind of jam the whole mess of
per cupboard cinnamon trash cupboard cinnamon in your mouth
That makes sense for you
That makes sense for pepito. Okay. Let's send it back to munching crumb
They've got a lot of debates to get through today and then we'll try a different segment
It's munching crumb yet again. Whoo. All right. We're warmed up now. We got two debates under us
Well, I might not be fully warmed up. You'll know I'm fully warmed up when I
sort of run the table on you
Just in case you're wondering
Oh, that's a very nice. That's very convenient when you win. You're officially warmed up not surprised
Not surprised you boiled the cinnamon roll ingestion of water for it to become a thick porridge and then eat it with a spoon
That sounds kind of nice. How does that sound nice?
Sounds like you're just eating
Sugar water like a little bit of wet bread in it. Yeah porridge
That's not poor. Oh, you are not country enough. You're less country than that fucking
Fake-ass country gummy bear. You seem pretty country to me. You should country gum gum gummy bear
He said show himself
soggy cereal
No, well, I'm just saying the the recipe as described by meldivon torture sounds nice. I oh, okay
That's insane. Um, can I have a s'more have some more? Yeah, you can
What are we'll let's see is there anything left for us to debate from last time?
There was a song suggested
We'll maybe in case you'll try another country jamboree later. I guess it went so well that time
Anyway, chat if you have anything you want to see us debate throw that in to the chat and we're happy to bathe
Let me call us play my beautiful country song because somebody here is extremely country
I
See there's a place we all call it's got me elected several times
Well the standards in your town are pretty low. So oh you coming for
You coming for renterson now. That's just like you
You're just glad the old over under toilet paper debate, which finally puts a rest in the recent years
Yeah, that's good. It was over, right? Yeah, it was over
A sweet versus salty. That's a classic
Uh
Prediverse aliens is also good
Sweet versus salty is so hard to pick sweet salty
Is fine by me. Of course it is
See salty is good in conjunction with like crunch and other flavors sweet by itself like a little bit of sugar on the tongue
It's great a little bit of salt on the tongue is fine, but not in the same way that well
I'm already I'm already debating. It's mods. If you don't mind making that poll
As usual, not that I've thought about it. What you're saying is just crazy. Sorry. I'm getting important texts
The guests are on their way
Oh, you're controlling the gush. Okay
You haven't used a tp wrong a while
Well, that might be a bigger debate
Sweet versus salty is what we're going with right now and uh, honestly chat
I know you're having fun kind of gassing up crumb. You've been having fun for a while
But picture this a big lump of salt on your tongue versus a big lump of sugar on your tongue
I'm not saying either is that great. You'd like them in you know in a concoction in an actual dish
but
But the the sweetness by itself
Is is superior to saltiness by itself in a fucking vacuum
You'd rather have a little bit of sugar than a little bit of fucking salt
It also get more calories out of sugar if you literally had to have just sweetness by itself
Obviously, it eventually you'd die be a terrible diet to be on but you know
You could survive a couple extra days with a little bit of sweetness
Whereas you would just fucking perish if you just had a big pile of fucking crummy salt
well, um
I'll tell you what though. It's one of the
Fundamental ways to make food palatable to a human you can cook almost any meat with a sprinkle of salt and by itself
It will be good. The same is simply not true for uh for sweet for sugar
For the sweetness if you if you dump a little bit of sugar on you know bear meat
It's not going to do much to improve it. Have you ever had bear meat? It fucking stinks
You're gonna be more than solid if you want to make bear meat good
I'm just saying one of the great discoveries of of man was legitimately that you know
You dump a little salt onto your food and it just makes it
infinitely more palatable if we're being honest
Oh, sorry got distracted. What the hell msg the flavor and answer we're not talking about oh my god
This is way closer than it needs to be look
I understand like dessert too much and overabundance of sugar can kind of limit the of sweetness can make it gross
But you can absolutely ruin shit with salt too. It salt needs to be used in moderation
I'd say sweetness it's just it's more commonly used as a way to make food fucking excellent on a level that of course
You don't understand. Yes
I'm warmed up. I might warm down if I lose. This is know that I might warrant
I go warm up and warm down but for now
A fucking warmed up, baby. Boom
Yes
msg is literally salt
Deletion of the buffoon they just did
And I knew that
What they're forgetting is that I already knew that
Clearly didn't it said no it said no pole running the whole time the pole was running
Whoa tamtre and coming through
hard for someone
I have no idea for who they couldn't technically be voting for both of us. They could be you know
Like a responsible businessman you support both parties just in case
Fiona vs. Kojima
Well, we have alien vs predator will add Fiona vs. Kojima
I guess in the interest of variety will cut to a different segment when we come back
Uh, maybe we'll double we'll double run it again with alien vs predator and Fiona vs. Hideo Kojima
I'm assuming
Old g4 vs new g4 that's a pretty good one. You know, we'll just do two every time. Let's let's do um
So we can have some some queued up. We'll do alien vs predator right now
Spit vs. Swallow damn. I gotta write these down sonic vs banjo
Okay, I take it back. There's too many good ones. I'm gonna start I gotta open up a google
I'm just gonna open up a thing real quick
To keep a tab on these
They're fucking notes app
And your standard there is no pad. There we go. Hmm
Oh, case's question system is actually working too
You can actually type exclamation point q followed by a question and it adds it to a list
That uh auto updates for case to check which he could do if he wants to be a decent guy
Uh, okay for now though, uh predator vs alien
We got Kojima vs Fiona. Oh, shit. We're doing this one right now
Okay, uh, I'm on the side of a predator. Oh, oh geez. Okay. Well, actually no, that's fine because alien is uh, though
I think some people like individual aliens less because they seem more like a hive mind where the predator
You know in a lower sense has a little bit more of an individual personality which people sometimes relate to more
Counterpoint uh aliens are actually have a species wide individuality. They can become completely different creatures
In a cosmic sense. They can kind of encompass the entire
Reality of of the cosmos by absorbing all sorts of species into their fundamental alieness
That was sort of suggested in the uh the prequels that like uh
All the aliens are
It's like some kind of weird
Alien race that infects other creatures becomes like a combo version of alien dogs
Alien people alien birds all sorts of stuff
All sorts of stuff the face hungry a malleable creature. I'm just saying it's a fundamentally more powerful species than predator
I think in a in a cosmic battle the predator frankly don't stand a fucking chance
And that's where you're wrong predators have like sick ass tribal instincts
Predators are the are the dream of every man with tribal tattoos
Uh, they want to secretly be a predator something I relate to as a predator
I'm one of the few creatures probably as strong as a predator
But it's a fundamental male fantasy to like be a predator
What are you saying? No like the in the movie not like I just say a man dream of being predator
Just don't say a before it. Well, you know a one of the predators
I'm saying we dream of being a predator
Well, I dream of being an alien you already are look at you
You're basically our fucking gray already if the skin if the skin saturation goes down by two percent
You are an alien. That's why you're on the fucking side of alien right now
Well, it looks like chat might also be on my side
And maybe chat doesn't want to be a bunch of predators
Not that surprising if you just say it out loud bunch
They know I'm at the movie and not
You know
politicians or whatever
rich guys
Well before we get into that let's just get into the fact that I
went in
My
What you guys vote for every you keep voting for that there's no one's fault put your row. I'm at the cool predator
I'm at the cool predator
Look everybody gives a bad speech everybody has a bad night me with your religion
But vaccine science all he wants live people die. Look chat you shake your twisted tails
Whoo, you know, I've been real patient
I've been real patient with you chat
The way you're treating me I'm liable to stub my heel and suddenly turn it
I'd hate to have to turn turn heel on you chat and have to turn my heel
On chat
Uh-oh somebody's gonna throw a tantrum on you because it's not going his way. What a surprise
They're gonna turn on your supporters
I'm just saying I'd hate to stub my heel and turn it on chat. We get I understand the analogy
It's not an algae. I might stub my heel because I might be like shoot and get mad that they
Keep me treating me saying chat you happen to be mistreating me and I'm incredibly patient
You know I'm the patient of an immortal because I am one
Here we have the greatest point of all they don't care
He's got you he's got you fucking tricked
He's got the fucking he's got you all tricked and I think he's some likable guy
No, I'm just not an asshole constantly. That's not true though
And the biggest widest asshole of them all and I know because I can see right through it
Oh, I don't really bend over that much and I wear very thick underwear. So I don't know how that's possible
I'm fine. I'm fine
Wide and white
That's like your hillbilly algae is just a book called wide and white
Yeah, I'm a thick white boy what you want
I
I agree. Look the Senate is under attack and I need emergency powers
Can we vote on that? That's what would that even mean? They gotta give me like 10 points or something just to be safe
JCVD almost played the predator was almost a karate predator
That would have been that would have made me probably shied with correct with predator, but instead he's kind of just like a
Lumbering dude with claws and lasers. What's that? What you just described sounds cool
Lumbering dude with claws and lasers
Look, I know I'm only talking about the seditious elements in chat that have turned against me
That's the only people I'm talking about. Obviously. I love the actual chat that decided supports me unequivocally
But there's a lot of unchatters. There's a lot of unchat Americans
In the chat and I might have to develop a council of unchat American activities
Just to make sure that everybody's safe because these seditious elements might
Undermind the very values that this channel was founded on namely you losing. That's a fundamental principle
of this entire show
Is you need to lose
Or who knows what would happen? I don't think there's anything you can do
I will literally call the parliamentarian
To brag about how much I'm winning
Okay, well look I'm gonna write down a few more of these because I'm seeing some good sonic vs banjo
a vegetarian vs carnivore diet, okay sonic v banjo
veggie v carnivore
uh g4
1vg4 2
and um
Headfield of our scroogeyma. Okay, great
There are photos of van dam on set as predator
Damn, we want us to look those up. Okay. Let's um do one more segment before we do whatever case does when the
Some friends get here. Don't worry. I mean I might be not that upset. I just you know
Some of you would try in my patience some of you some of you people in chat
Just don't understand what a champion looks like I guess you getting jealous
They're getting jealous, you know that girlfriends. They keep cheering for me. They're like who's that on screen
You're literally trying to do just heal stuff now. You're just going rick rude style
I'm just saying with the body and the mind this magnificent. I understand that it could produce some jealousy
Yes, he is literally saying you people I'm saying you people in chat
That don't get what excellence looks like
A lot of them do but you know some of you
I ain't hearing any ladies booing. No one is booing because we're alone
We're alone in here
Not me though. I got the people with me. Well, are you turning healer? Okay, whatever. Uh, that's all the time we have for now
We'll be back shortly. Uh, here's case with jamor or whatever
Oh
A heal munch. I don't even know what that looks like
Miso soup spoon versus outback steakhouse steak knife. That's an excellent debate
Up first down
Did we do that already?
We might have done left versus right, but like specifically the directions
You're officially an anti munchest
Yeah, I think that's you know, that's that's the craze that's sweeping the nation
Skyverse ground that's pretty good too
glizzy versus taco
for those don't know a glizzy is um
a burrito
I think it's like a wet hotdog. No, it's just a word for hot dog
I think it might be a wet burrito
A wet burrito is a burrito with a bunch of stuff on it. Okay, you win this debate
Oh
Still making it a debate
You see what he did that you're an idiot. What?
Sorry my instincts kicked in and I realized what you're saying is very dumb
heaven versus hell
Shaggy versus shaggy. Wow. These are all good. I'm writing all these down
Shaggy versus shaggy. Okay
But pito's getting spicy. I'm a good boy
Well, don't call me an idiot then what I didn't you did. I don't know what I'm doing. I'm a dog
Indiana Jones or Han Solo. Okay
Indie verse Han
Shaggy verse shaggy
I got to look up who that is
wait
the
Jedi version of shaggy is apparently shaggy
Superman versus Batman. Oh and using the question system. I appreciate it. All right sick
Freddie versus Jason is a classic one that I don't think we've actually done
A lot of debates to settle today
Freddie versus Jason. Um, okay. I have to
Do a Joe Rogan segment because that's also on the list
They can run through some of these debates for us too. Let's um
Maybe I can test Joe Rogan's um
voice really quick to see if he's
I'm gonna have Pepito do a Joe Rogan impression really quick
Just to see if uh, it's working or can I even have him do that?
Maybe I can't have him do that. Okay. We'll have Joe Rogan do a Joe Rogan impression to see if it's working
Oh my god, I have so many audio sources now guys. It's it's truly gotten
It's gotten a little wild
There it is. Okay
Uh check check check
Okay, I don't think you'll be able to hear Joe, but I will and I'm gonna just test them really quick because lately the sync
has been
less than ideal
for our boy Joe
Bo Bo
Oh my gosh, where did I put Joe?
The Joes are missing
Just a second. Hopefully you'll be able to hear Joe or you you won't be able to hear him
But I will and then that will cut right to him just a second. Hmm. Unfortunately. I can't hear him at all
Yeah, the filter is is struggling
um
Guess I just reload it
Try that
This is the eight hour technical issue stream
Hmm. We're all learning together
If anybody wonders what's going on if they constantly update this app that I used to connect with Joe Rogan and every time I do
It changes the timing of his fucking voice
um
Anyway, this most recent update for some reason I can't hear him at all
So I don't I don't know oh oh I can hear myself I can hear myself
Okay, okay
Check check check
weird when I
Check check check
It might not be working might not be working
They really are silencing really are silencing Joe and also making me hear myself. I hear myself twice
How about this one? How about this one?
A check check check a check check check
For some reason that one does work
Yeah, let's try this again
A check check check a check check check
Okay, now I'm gonna test it again
We're getting there
We're freaking getting there
Mr. Rogan are you ready a check check check?
A check check check a check check check
A check check check
Okay, now we're ready to send it over to Joe
Then there will be one more moment of technical issue and then we should be ready to talk. Okay
Let's send it to the Joe Rogan
Experience here we go
The Joe Rogan experience
Okay, let's see if you guys can hear me
I looks like you should be able to
Yeah, I was muted but now um back baby
This feels fucking good
If then my lips are as synced as they can get with this guy's fucked up system. It's gonna see Joe
It's really fucking good to be here, man. Um
Honestly like this is probably where the few places where I feel like I could talk to somebody who honestly just fucking gets it
It's just such a relief when somebody like
You know really fucking gets it
Yeah, yeah, I mean I've been told all my life that I sound like Joe Rogan
Um because like I'm one of I'm probably one of the most Joe Rogans there is
Yeah, yeah, I'm gonna I'm like
Of the people I am probably Joe Rogan. I'm one of the most that
Of which is Joe Rogan
Dude, I couldn't agree more apparently like, um
One of the things that we're supposed to do though for this guy's thing is uh talk about like stuff where we disagree
That could be like tricky man because I honestly like
Totally agree with you on almost everything
Yeah, I do think other people and talk to you Blake Joe Rogan is probably the one that I agree with the most as Joe Rogan
so
Mmm, I guess we'll kind of debate chat in that case like one of the questions here is
um
Sotic vs banjo
Yeah, and I like a guitar verse and like a banjo guitar verse like a hedgehog. I guess is what that's about
Yeah, and I think between those two I prefer a banjo like a little hedgehog gets fast
I just don't think I could do that much with it
Whereas a banjo I can eventually learn how to play that
And like certain people will be impressed
Yeah, that's a really good point Joe like some people will be impressed if we play banjo banjo
But very people will be impressed if we just finger up
Uh a hedgehog that has attitude
Yeah, like I mean it sounds cool to finger a hedgehog with attitude, but way more people are impressed and you can expertly finger a banjo
We got a question list. Hey, that's a great way to send a me Joe Rogan questions actually
his
uh to
It is this type exclamation point q
Um, so feel free to do that. Let me make sure I have the correct question list pulled up here
If we don't have a mod that might be making that poll, um, Joe and I are on the side of
banjo
Yeah, Joe and I'll take the side of banjo. So just know that's chat you are I guess
You're deciding if we're right or not
But we are on the same side
Yeah, we're on the side of banjo and chat you can you can like disagree with us if you want
But just know that you are actually like I mean kill us to be honest. You're wrong
Yeah, like if you like sonic versus banjo like I'm sorry, d like go ahead go to a party and finger a hedgehog and just tell us we're wrong then
Anyway, let's uh make sure
Okay, great. I see the I see the chat listener
Oh, we don't have any music
Yeah, I don't really do music on this show. I'm honestly we could you banjo like if we had a banjo we could do that
Oh, that's a really good point was played banjo music and maybe that will help chat see which side is right
We could play banjo music uh for like the first minute of this and then switch to sonic music and see
Which one sounds better when they're expertly fingered? This is banjo music right here
This sounds like a violin or some other is some banjo
Just ignore the other like his string instruments or whatever. I think there's a fiddle or something you focus on the banjo for this
Yeah, the banjo is the thing that you want to care about and you can tell that that sounds obviously incredible
And like they're fingering the shit out of that banjo and now I'll I'll play for you what it sounds like when someone fingers a hedgehog
Wait a minute. If it's kind of fucking rocks
Oh shit
I didn't realize this is how it sounds when you finger a hedgehog
Dude, I I jogs are apparently a sick fucking instrument. This sounds honestly really fucking cool
Shit, I think the banjo is pretty good, but
I mean, I don't know how to play a banjo either. I guess maybe I shouldn't be surprised that I don't understand how to play a hedgehog
Play escape from the city
Uh-oh, is there one to blow my mind? Oh shit
Oh, damn
This sounds fucking good, Joe
I mean when you're right, you're right. I mean like yeah, I think I guess we kind of back the wrong horse here
Look, that's the thing that happens into bait betting, which I think this is this is all for for betting, right?
I mean, I immediately took a hundred. I took out a hundred g zone
On banjo and I just lost it all
The sonic did win it and I kind of a greener that I've seen these horses race
The sonic horse fingered better and it ran better
Yeah, and the banjo horse barely ran at all in this horse running debate situation that we've got going
Which is honestly just a classic american thing
Dude people are so against fucking betting now and it's such a bummer because like betting is one of the coolest things to do
Dude, that's a really good point. So there's no point in debating it at all, which I guess is what we're doing today
Yeah, now we have to debate veggie diet versus carnivore diet
Oh, I mean people are gonna think we're carnivore all the way which we are but veggie diet is useful too if you need to like
Oh, we have to stop that music. I'm being told that that's illegal and uh
It might send like a hedgehog a finger us or something
Yeah, we can only play 59 seconds of it exactly which is exactly what we played
So now they can't finger us which is good. Anyway, people would assume that we're all all carnivore all the time
But sometimes you have to eat vegetables if you need to get like a little weaker
Yeah, sometimes you get so muscular that it's dangerous for your liver and then you have to eat vegetables
Um, but obviously yes most of the time we are carnivore diet all the way
So I guess if um
Me
It
What the fuck
Oh interrupt our stream
Hey rich in flag setup case
We're on the side of carnivore
Um, you know we extolled the virtues of vegetarian, but let's be real
Uh, we'll just play the sonic music again. Well, this is we'll play 59 seconds of it
Oh, yeah, jamie I forgot about jamie
Dude, it's easy to because he's been playing mystery jamie disappear man lately
It's one of his most annoying games mystery jamie disappear man
He just buries himself under all sorts of objects
Um, and he tries to stay lubed up so he can squeeze in and out of little corners
So he's just like a lubed man in tidy white. He's squirming in between various
Piles of objects he's made
Mystery jamie disappear man is probably one of his worst phases. Yeah, and he's in it a lot
He's usually in it. I'd say like 10 days out of the month. He's doing mystery jamie disappear man
The downside is no is producing the stream the upside is jamie is in producing the stream right now
Oh, that's the worst part is he still is he just kind of rubs his lubed up fingers all over the keyboard
And who knows what's happens. That's probably why we cut to that fucking dumb guy in front of the thing
Anyway, we're losing the point. We're talking about carnivore diets
And uh, you just want to make sure that you have about a 95% meat diet
Even if you're on the vegetarian diet
The vegetarian diet is actually just introducing 5% vegetables to your 95% meat diet
Well, 100% meat diet you scale it back to 95% meat
You know, do you want to eat a variety of meats though in the carnivore diet though?
Um, I do consider some meats vegetables like I can kind of consider chicken a vegetable
Yeah, because it's one of the softest meats
And like, you know, it's like so light that it's almost a meat
Yeah, I mean a light enough meat is basically a vegetable like um, lean bacon is basically
A vegetable. Yeah, I mean, especially if it's crunchy enough, it's like biting into an apple
It's so it's so like if it's lean enough. Oh, yeah, or lean ground beef
Like I like a good 50% fat ground beef
If it's a lean enough beef, you may as well just be slamming vegetables in your mouth
Damn, we are not betting very well today
You this is unfortunate because I did try to we're we know win it back by putting 400k
On the carnivore diet at that time
And that did not work
Yeah, we have lost 500 000 on this so far. That's
Is that a lot?
Hey, Jamie, can you squirm out of the books and tell us from your normal human perspective?
I think he's a normal human if 500 000 is a lot of money
All he did was burp from under a pile of old maxim magazines
Yeah, it was a very muffled burp out of a just a huge pile of
2002 to 2008 maxim magazines
He's squirmed under
Honestly more magazines given the date range than there should be
Yeah, he's he's double up a lot
Fear factor Joe Rogan versus UFC Joe Rogan
Oh, that's a really good question. When was I more Joe Rogan?
I mean it's gotta be UFC, right? We by then we were like bald and we had all the right opinions
Yeah, I do think a big part of being me is being bald and having every right opinion
And that's why I had barely done any sale here before then
Yeah, I mean back on the year in the fear factor. If I'd only done like a lot of sale here and now like
I've done that I mean close to the most
Yeah, yeah, yeah close to the most I'd say is
Probably the amount I've done so I'll we'll go with we'll go with us e Joe Rogan
That is the Joe Rogan that I currently am
And even though time is an illusion
I got aside with the time that I'm currently and even though I'm also kind of in all times that I've seen
All times well, yeah, obviously we've been the void so like we've confronted basically all the Joe
Romion. Let's replay that sonic track. Take us me going. This is some good debate music
Really makes me ready to light
Flex my mind
To make some valid points
Yeah, and with that in mind like
Honestly like just think of it this way how many ice baths had I taken during fear factor?
At that point I was watching people take take ice baths as a punishment in a show
That's how misguided I was at the time now. I essentially live in an ice bath
And that's why I looked this good
Dude, we don't bring it up often enough how good we currently look in this exact moment
We look like look at how handsome this face is
I don't like to tube my own horn, but like
Those ice baths are just look at this face
Yeah, man. I mean I don't want to like
What a rapper is saying
Blow homo or whatever, but you look great
I gotta mean to blow homo, but I'm blowing homo money, man. You look good
Yeah, man, and you look good too. Sorry. I'm getting a text from the president
Oh, uh case this friend is at the back gate. So
Uh, we'll let you vote. Well, that's democracy at work. Sometimes you don't get to
Uh, we're gonna cut back to case now. This has been the Joe Rogan experience. It looks like fear factor took it by a mile
Yeah, I'm starting to think at us backing one of these choices might be a surefire way for it to lose
And that makes me think that maybe we're being tortured by a chorus of demons
Yeah, it is possible that we're being tortured by a chorus of demons in chat
Usually I think of them as a certain little voices to talk to but I think today they might be a chorus of demons
Or that could be the crazy giggling that's coming out of one of jamie's piles. He's slid under an old um
He's just slid under a bunch of old boxes for vita mixes
I bought a lot of vita mixes and he's made an absolute pile of the boxes and he's just kind of demonically giggling under the boxes
All the like big stack of vita mix boxes. So anyway, I gotta I gotta go for now, but um
I'm pretty sure I'm Joe Rogan. I guess
Maybe I'm not the most one though. I didn't lose about two million dollars
I bet a cool 1.5 million on that last debate just to try to get some of my winnings back and it did not
Pen out again. So I guess we lost what I'm told to some people with some money
Yeah, we definitely lost some money because we lost about two 2.5 million dollars
But you know, we'll probably get it back next time that we debate and we'll probably be back to debate more
And we'll see you all soon. Bye. Bye the Joe Rogan experience
Okay
That's the joes doing their usual thing. I gotta run out to grab a friend
Kendall's asleep. So I'll just let you kind of
Watch Kendall sleep
Is that too creepy to do?
She said to cut to her whenever I want so
I guess that means I can anyway, here's sleeping Kendall
I'll be right back after I grab my friends from outside
Okay
You guys want to talk to chat while I make you a coffee? Oh, yeah
I just want to see
You guys can sit right around here if you want
Now I'm not using it
But we can't hear what they're saying we have to read what they're saying. Yeah, you do have to read what
God this setup is wild. You guys can't see all this stuff, but
the stream wizard
Is out of his cloak
Noon noon
They're they're calling for um, oh the rat stuff is there. Hello bill
They're calling for the um
Salamander even though it's not even close to september
I've got a couple months left. Oh, and there's six hours left. You hear me
Oh
And you hear this the wig drawer. Am I giving away too many secrets?
Whistle pitch correct. Is this changing what my voice sounds like?
Dude, there's so many buttons. Yo
Yo triple stream deck
Like
party party
Which one these are songs
Well, this one's a transition. Oh wait, this will make me like uh this character
So this one controls the shot
If you wanted to go there
Is this this is your rogan, huh?
What's that?
Me as rogan is scary
Okay, normally it looks just like a case as rogan. Maybe you gotta get closer
Hey, I'm nice rogan
It's a slight delay. I'm like a balding bald man. This is cool
How did he do that? Oh, he did that over here
I don't know. All right
Dude the rat step you guys we can't break anything if we press these
No, okay. You can just cut between stuff by like hitting the new there's the you can technically talk to me
Oh, yeah
What what my mouth my mouth as rogan makes my real looking at my mouth as rogan makes my
Real mouth feel weird are bill and tim like bill and head
Very close
Yeah
You can also search whatever you want
winner option three rat stuff
It's talking about
Oh
Is that a little when you get excited? We're not really wow it kind of has a
The bottle oh that just makes me look cute. I wanted it to make me a full baby. I want to search
Yeah, okay. There's a gravitational pull
Yeah, we're just playing but we should be reading
I'm missing jake paul's undercards under cards for this
Well, you're not I wouldn't say you're missing it
Getting sucked off getting sucked off
Get a bunch of horny photos learning on me
Oh
It's locked in on my face now. It just fully transported Tim into bear, but I'm yeah
Oh now it's you
Oh now it's me
Wait add options. Okay
I want to go back to being me again
Oh
Vote now
Oh now I mean vote now. All right. So what's been happening? What we we were getting a coffee and so we didn't see
What was kind of going on on the stream?
It's supposed to be a debate stream, but it seems like
Exclamation four
Exclamation five. What are we voting on people are voting says vote now
Oh chat who's gonna win tonight's fight?
From
Is in the lead
Crapes. Oh, I see. Okay. Okay. Who's gonna win tonight's fight?
Yeah, but he wants to debate us
Okay, I don't know if you guys can hear them. I'm kind of
Responding to what they're saying over there in the kitchen. I don't know
I hate to break any sort of like kayfabe or reality that crapes has set up
Case sorry case has set up. I call him crapes. I don't know if you guys know that
I didn't know who to vote for
crapes
Crapes is what we call them the the sig sams we call them crapes. I don't know why I don't
Sometimes they call me uh bilf
Crape daddy. Yeah, can you wear that ugly gray?
Yep, this one. Yeah
Reveal that beautiful hair. So I've been under the hat all day. So wow, this really gets in your eyes, man
That is backwards. Oh, but it does look good. Also. That's backwards. Technically. I think that's backwards. Okay. That makes sense
and that's
Slightly better. I feel like a
Beautiful southern bell. Okay. So this is another guy southern grandma. And then this is the other guy. Okay
Okay, okay. So usually I kind of have these guys debate
So this guy debates this guy. Okay. Usually this guy's kind of liberal. Okay, slightly more conservative, although it's a little big
Anyway, you can debate yourself as these two. I'm not smart enough to like espouse aside. I think they just have to be on
different terms of whatever is okay
So, you know ask chat what they want to see these two debate and you can give it a shot
This button this guy just put in time. Okay. You just have to hit the button. Hold on. Which button?
This is wig guy. Yeah, wig. This is bald. Okay. Oh bunch of chrome. Yeah, we blew it around. Okay
What does this guy sound like?
It kind of sound does bil need help
understanding a debate stream
Yes
It was a unanimous there was a poll a quick poll. I guess created by a mod does bill need help understanding a debate stream 100%? Yes
0%
Chat is very quickly picking up on the cluelessness
Coming from my direction. I didn't see how many votes
No 82
Oh, oh 82
When there's only one vote cast
I don't know what this this this guy
This guy
Did you guys hear that?
Tim said uh Tim said that I'm gonna get cancer and this is what I'm gonna look like now if that's a trigger warning
Sorry, I don't know what stream rules are. I've just seen online. Sometimes people write trigger warning
Okay, wait, we need a we need a we need a poll right? We need a topic
Well, you gotta you gotta pick a topic
I pick a topic. Yeah, well, they have to they haven't said anything. They just kept saying kek w and
Did you guys?
We were in we were in um, we were in la today
Which is where we are now?
But we were in the middle part of it and there was a there was a hospital called um kek kek hospital
What do you guys think about that?
Y'all are online you get it. I can't say that to anybody who doesn't know what kek w is
USC
Is that a topic for debate? We need a debate topic
kek hospital now. They're just saying what I'm saying
Oh, no, it's it's on no matter where I look at the chat. It's not any better
Okay, wait here we go kek medicine is that?
Oh, they're saying they're saying where it is kek w versus omega lull
I mean so far. That's the only topic so we have to I love la
Someone said I love la that's a song
I love la bill versus tim. Okay now that's
That's a good debate. Can they hear me? But should we should we?
Yeah
Hey guys, I'm just over in the other house and gather for trump rally in michigan underrated by last week's under
Undeterred by these little teleprompter setups pretty sick. Okay. Who would win in a wizard battle bill versus tim?
Oh, you this this is easy. It's gotta be me. I mean, I'm the string wizard after all
Okay, so I guess we'll give that well case give bill cancer. They'll hear me right now
So you guys should say like oh, I don't think cancer is communicable. So
100 that's her piece. I'm not supposed to answer these right? I'm just supposed to you're supposed to
You gotta have each guy pick a side. Okay. So like this guy would be like her piece and then they gotta be like
I think it's cancer. Yeah
I think it's cancer. I think you can get cancer
but this
Layering tin
Okay
Hey, all right, here we go bill has a newborn coming question mark. That's true
But bill's not here right now. It's me
Larry
And me
Yeah, who am I?
Well, what's this guy's name?
crumb
Is it crumb?
Well, you already got names for him. That's fine. You can be crumb
Is this one crumb? I'm crumb. I'm a special crumb today. All right. I'm special crumb
And I'm Larry Tim
Here we go. Larry
Crumb
And he involved did you tell him which which debate you're doing and we're gonna do we have to go back into chat and look
I think we have to do bill versus tim wizard battle
I think that's the one that I know the most about okay
But you have to pick you have to one side has to be bill one side has to be tim. Yeah, okay
I don't know how to do the intro
Probably some sort of wipe happens, okay
Well, here we go
It's time for the debate breaking news
It's debate time and I'm on the side of who's gonna win the wizard battle. Well, it's gonna be tim
Tim is a fantastic wizard
Here's why he's got the he's got the patience. He's got the calm
He's studied he's studied the craft and he's not afraid of the dark arts
Bill's a bill's a goody two shoes. He's a goody goody. He's a good boy and he doesn't have the um
He's not gonna go for the kill. He's gonna use the magic that is
you know
If I'm being straight up, he's gonna use the magic that's you know, plus it fine. Is that gonna get me canceled?
Wait, I'm just I'm just different guy now. Now wait a second. I don't know about that if that's true
bill
Yes, he's a nice guy. Yes. He wants to he wants to do nice magic
But is is not some of the nice magic some of the most powerful magic love for example
does not love
Over overwhelm the dark arts and just because tim has more skill and more practice
And that leads up to you know, sort of winning every time that's a winning combination
If he's using if he's using the dark scary magic, is that not going to make it so that
Bill has a slight edge using the love, you know pulling the love card that wins at the end of every movie
This ain't a movie bub
This is a hardcore knockdown drag out wizard battle
And in real life the wizard with the biggest wand
Casts the biggest spell if you know what I mean
Well, this is not about
The size of the wand it's about how you wave it right and so let's think about
Let's think about how
You know bill, you know, yes, tim is a better wizard
But bill has more friends than
You know
Bill's got more friends and some of them might be wizards
So maybe he's maybe and does it does a wizard battle does the boss is so close
Does it exclude i'm making a lot of good points on both sides
Does it exclude
It's a time tie. It's a time tie. It's a tied time
Exactly 50 50
Has this ever happened on the show before
I don't know i'm new as as you
All right tim now I think you also have to try this
Case is so good at this and tim is going to be good at it too because he's got button skills and and bill's
Clearly overwhelmed tim you want to try the debate so that would try the debate
I am good at I have locked into the characters at this point. Yeah. Yeah. That's good for later
That'll be good for later. That'll be useful
Um, okay time tie both die. Oh both die. Oh no, i'm doomed us all
Ah, we are doomed. Okay. I'm i'm sick of this
All right, tim you want to try it sitting here? Yeah
What do I do?
Do I need to take this off? You have to take this gray wig
So technically you could just be tim on one side and then just a ball version of yourself on the other
It's funny because my real hair makes me have to touch it
but then
Wow, you kind of get a little bit chairman Mao here
A little bit Mao
A little bit Mao
Okay, okay, so tim it's just this button
Your gray hair tim who looks great somehow you look younger with this gray hair
And then this is bald tim
So you just switch it as you see fit, but you have to pick a debate out of chat whatever whatever you're feeling
I think
Oh, is this a mic? Yeah, you can just clip or point it at your mouth. All right
All right, let's go to the chat now
What are we debating now?
We need to debate
something classic
I also have this list of options for you that i've been writing
Sun versus Mon
Sun versus Mon
Sun versus Mon
Guessing that's moon, but I got like Mon. Yeah, Sun versus Mon. I'm not gonna take any changes
Sunday versus Monday. Oh, that could be it
Tim out of the cock chair
That is the cock chair
These do we have any are these uh voice changed?
Or I have to do my my own voice changing technically you could pitch your voice down
But then you also have to hit this button
As you switch which is kind of annoying to do
I don't know what to do
Aztec versus oh Tim was watching over here sub versus down
Oh, it's a slight delay. Yeah, yeah, I'll bet versus numbers
That's pretty sick
Keep them coming folks keep them coming
I've never gotten candle to do this. He was so funny. Here versus alcohol
smart
Being bald being bald it really accentuates how much teeth I have
I'm a guy with a lot of teeth turns out
I also think the way is making you have a higher head. Yeah, it makes your head bigger
Oh, if you take the wig off you'll have like a really small head actually that boy versus
National Enquirer other
Yeah, it's smaller already. Wow
That looks good. I look like new mop. Oh, yeah
New mop the nummie drake versus dr. Dissie
Oh, I get it. Whoops, dude
Yeah, you're right. Got it gives me huge bald
Five mega mind
I can't tell you with a witch you look more like you're in the cancer world
What'd be a toss up?
Summit versus soda pop
Summit I don't know who that is. I'm just making my own ideas nightmare mobi
Nightmare mobi. Yeah, it does look a little bit like mobi. Yeah, you guys are looking so good
It's all that exploding. That's an urge. Thanks for having us over. Yeah, thanks for coming
We should hang out not on stream
later here
I'll be I'll be here till tomorrow. Just don't give any um, you are you are Mike. So just don't say no
I'm not discriminating
I'll be here till tomorrow
I'll be at this address where I am
You have no idea
The current address I've had is this
Well someone did say that once. Oh, I've been yeah, yeah, I've been doxing mostly by myself, but I do know where you're moving
Oh my god
Did someone request this or is this just a thing he's doing
How much of your fist can you fit in your mouth challenge?
We did call we did um
Ouch call the barista an angel challenge earlier and I won
Oh, yeah, did you get it off without it feeling creepy? Yeah, the barista really
If it had been a lady, I think there was a higher chance of being creepy. I wouldn't have done it
Ah now there's a good debate topic fisting mouth versus fisting genitals. How do you ban someone?
Damn this setup is crazy. What is this all for the teleprompter for the news for the news
You got to do the news sometimes. Do you read it like do you teleprompter?
If I'm reading a news story, yeah
Give it on like a little auto scroll or something. Let go sideways again to no, I just scroll it myself
What why does the bottom one have both?
The hair and the bald oh because the hair is real
Oh, there's a hype train happening now. Oh, yo
I train level one and I'm on the train and I'm rapping because I'm casing
Oh, you want to be a train
Yeah
Are we still doing the moon train is that
I'm the moon sometimes yeah, oh what when I play dark souls. Yeah
I can give you headphones that don't go straight into my
You put these on
Oh, yeah, is my voice already modulated no, but I can modulate it for you and then I can make yourself
Oh
Yes, I can
I
Can kind of zoom on yourself too
Does trim back with again
I messed up that's okay because I'm all
Opposite or down
Case please or something
Here we go
In the yard
Honestly with his voice really deep in it
Yeah
Oh wait
Here you also have to shout people out hype train like abcp and dad leprechaun and stony 4 7
Oh
And
We subscribed for three months
No
Oh
The hurdles
Whatever that thing's name is more casing modes
It was something weird guys
Now here we go
So far stay tanneric is winning with the one where he's eating that thing. I like that aim over is eating it
That's nice
There's some cat there
Yeah, I'm gonna lift it's like to get in the center of it. Is there a beat time of a tixie pop there was at first
But it's probably over my nose. Okay
And here we go inflatable dog. We got Kirby jamming out
I see crash
Tim you want to try a couch thing
You guys would be on the couch. Hopefully you can still hear me that
I'll I'll side talk a little bit. Yeah
You can side talk
Not a casting couch
That's me bill. We're gonna get all up on each other's nipples. See what happens
Oh
Level three
But I'm still rapping Timothy. That's my name and I'm driving crazy
Go team
I'm gonna do a sonic beat. Yeah, give me a sonic beat
Something fast something crazy fast. It's like an actually a rap faster than you could talk
I can actually wrap a lot faster than you could talk
Do you hear this playboy carty
Yeet beat
This is nice
We need to we need to do something like this
Here we go
Jack
That song ended quickly on account of the two
Someone is coming for Casey's job
It's me
Oh, she's surprised
Can't see my hand, but I'm leaving like a crazy man like some kind of crazy boss whatever whatever
She's a 360
Shout out to
Raspberry girl for giving out five community gifts subs two minutes ago. God bless you soul
We have a happy tomorrow and I hope your christmas this year. It's pretty good. Let's your jewish much castle school for crazy
Uh, or any or maybe you're not in nomination orders or just maybe you don't even
Whatever it may be everyone has a birthday. How about that? Have a great birthday this year?
Thank you so much
Yes, that was a little disorienting. Well, how about when I do this?
I only have the one
You broke the game
Where am I?
You're completely broken. It's billy. It's I'm way up up there. I am
There I go
Oh
It's my place that we'll go with that everybody in the chat. Can I get a raspberry girl happy birthday?
Or some variation of those words go ahead and just type that in
Excuse me. I burped a little bit. That's my fault. I'm not in front of getting more professional on my whole page
I
Think they're trying to move this stream along get me a bill on the couch, but it's hard when you start hearing your own voice and your own head
The way that you say that out loud is coming right into your bucket here
It hits a bit different
Chopped and screwed bill Clinton
Shotgun screwed bill chopped and screwed chopping screwed Bill Clinton
What are you saying bill? I don't know is is his voice lower bill Clinton
His voice is lower in there. Yeah chopped and screwed right chopped and screwed you've got some pretty teeth there train
Hey, excelling of zin
Think if the dead eyes
I'd like to see what that mouth is
I'm trying to get weird enough
But if you're in with a train
Talk about a sexual train
Ha ha
I'm talking about a sexual train. Have you ever done a 69 with a train?
Tip tip tip to team talking about caboose
Uh, what's that thing cow tipper?
Local line?
I has ended
This was incredible still on boar's modulation, which ain't bad for me because I like the sound of it
There's a little bill
Oops, here we are
It's time for me to kind of match it anyway. Isn't it weird you got a little pitch up your voice? Yeah
You guys are incredible
Love you
And now
It's just me, but I like the sound of it my own voice my own ears
Lot of sound of my own voice
This is a beautiful train that kind of thing
Gimli filter just dropped
A better hand over the streaming setup
I mean honestly you can kind of do what you want. Well, we could try a couch thing. So we not wish to advertise
Advertise yeah, I was putting my nike on there. I think it's oh bill's trying to cover up his nike advertisement
I'm not like owned by anyone, but amazon. I know but we don't want to give nike free advertising
For you advertising. We don't give a champion for you. I'm scared of showing your beautiful breasts
We're doing a casting couch now where bill and I have to see how far we can go sexually without violating to us
See how that goes
That's like kind of a good game without violating to us
Get out my balls pretty far. It's a pretty far
I mean, there's like
All of the like a nipple meta and stuff the nipple meta meta cases up on the nipple meta. Yeah, I'm up on the nipple meta
I heard this one recently talking about the old when you showered you wash your legs
Yeah, you do wash your legs people. I'll talk about this a lot. Taylor swift doesn't
Taylor swift does not that's what she said at least apparently according to kendall
Well, I'm kind of in the I do I use shampoo for everything
I do shampoo hair shampoo face shampoo armpit
It's the same. I'm 100 percent certain that in the factory
One stream of soap goes into different bottles and shampoo is the same as body wash
So use whatever you want. You're allowed to use whatever you want. Is what you like as long as you wash
As long as you wash it up and just let the soap cascade down past the balls exactly talking about splash damage on the legs
I like that phrasing
What else is that just do splash damage to the legs? You don't have to wash them because the soap goes down there
No, you have to do something damage bill. It's not enough
Now we got it. There must be some sort of scrape bill. Nike ad
You have to do some sort of
One bit scraping otherwise when you wash your hands you just put soap on your hands and then go like this
Yeah, but no you have to do some sort of wow. That's if you really want to get clean
Use a darn wash cloth people. Yeah, unless you don't want to
Yeah, yeah trickle down theory for
So we're about to sit on the couch now and we're about to get into some real debating. Hey folks
Focus up. All right, I'm about to hand this thing back over to case. He's about to get in the pilot seat again
And let and we're gonna let a real profession take over and then me and bill are gonna get a hash it out down there
Once I set it up bill bill or tim you can come back over here and run it
Once we set it up bill or tim or anyone can come back over here and run
This is really furloughing his responsibilities. I just mean if you want to you want to
We don't want to do well, maybe tim does but I can barely
Speak a sentence even when I'm not pushing a button. I see
I just like I have three different soaps for different parts of my body
Tim is filibustering and I do ahead. You don't have to debate every shower lol
It's pretty good. Really that funny
Lol you're just describing. I have three different soaps for different parts of my body and do a head to toe scrub
Every shower lol. Well, so I can't tell if that's real or not
The lol well, they laughed after they said some stuff about their
Well, yeah, because there's a lot of soaps
Let's go. Oh, it's a poll. Do you wash your legs? Well, I guess you don't bill
I think it's fine. Why yes, I don't judge
I judge a lot about what I think it's all soaps pit soaps ass crack soaps
Yeah, I do shampoo hair shampoo face shampoo armpits shampoo
that's that
Shampoo butt track. It's all I do a lot of hair all over your body to be fair. Those are the hairy zones
Technically hair. It's a hair based economy. I'm just living on it
I'm sorry a hair based economy. You guys are insane
We need to start case you need to change your whole stream thing into being more like
Kai
Okay, oh crazy a little bit more crazy right guys go a little more crazy
Huh? Is there? Hey, no, no, no, no, no, no, no case. No, no, no, no, no, stay back. Stay back man. Stay back
Bill get in get in here here. Bill. Bill. Fuck it. Sight get out of here. Get out of here
Where's candle? Get over here
I don't know. I'm just trying to get it get it kind of more crazy
Trying to get me more views by being really kai sanat. Exactly. We're trying to pop this thing up
Get it crazy
Good candle good
Yes, that's what i'm talking about
Oh
Look how big the room here in his
It's really blurry, but it's very now hold up folks. Hold on. We have an important comment in the chat
I use different shampoo and conditioner for my beard versus what I use for my hair
Interestingly enough most head shampoo slash conditioner isn't good for beard hair
Nice delete that comment delete that
Do the rat stuff. I'm not some one-trick pony. All right, but you get one second of the rat stuff
All right, that's it. That's all you get for now
No
Imagine a pony doing that. Do you wash your legs? Yes. All right four of us
With solidarity. Thank you guys whoever the four of you were
Silent majority that's us the best ball. What are the best ball washes? What are the best ball washes?
What are the best ball washes? We're about to get into a debate right now case is about to take over
That's like um
And lead the charge soaps they're talking about soaps. Thank you. Napoleon blown apart
Well, like what soap would be best to wash your balls? What soap would be best to wash your balls?
The best ball washing techniques sometimes I feel like no matter how much I wash my balls
They still kind of smell like balls to the golf course. Oh
Can you imagine just placing your nutsack into one of those little things? Oh, yeah
That feels like we got it really clean really clean. It would hurt like shit. Yeah, yeah, but man those balls would come out
We have long enough balls. We can do that when we're all in our 70s
Tim was actually just texting the thread the other day
conditioner absorbs radiation
His balls are on drops. Yeah, my arms have gotten soggy as well. Not me. Damn. That's pretty good, Bill
I honestly might have always been saying I've always cut them
Whoops
My underwear is tight. So it's where did it now all of them are do you want a different background Tim? No
Do do do wait you got it just slowed down. It's stuck on that one transition
What perfect that's what I meant. There you go. I don't know what you want. I don't want anything
Amazing chat you're doing amazing stick with it Harry's facial soap
These should all be red
Like Patrick Bateman
Nice
I pull out the power washer. Nice good
Tim has Justin Powers. Oh, yeah, who's Justin Powers?
Does sunning your balls increase sperm count? Probably not. I thought kind of getting your balls cold increased your sperm count
I don't know. I think all right. I'm handing it over to case
Get him back in the chair chat. You've been amazing strong. See you want to catch
Hold on quick. Justin Powers filter
Open your mouth. Okay, put on these. Okay. Oh finally. There now your Justin Powers
I wanted to say the chat. This is your chat, which was that I like that what you guys have been typing today
Oh, if anyone has anything to keep typing you can do that
Today you can keep typing it
Because I like to read your comments
Justin have you done your homework?
I was about to do my homework, but then I started swimming a little bit
Are you're streaming about you haven't done your worksheets?
I was gonna
I can't I can't do I can't do too much of my homework because then I can't swim as much
Chat is pawing off today
I don't care how much chat is pawing off Justin. You know your studies are important
I hope I'm not in too much trouble
What guys?
Justin are you really sad or are you faking it?
Oh
Feel your feelings feel your feelings. Thank you daddy. Thank you daddy
What kind of son are you raising?
What kind of freaking son are you raising there boy?
Talk about feelings and feelings
Hey
Talk about feelings and feelings now
I
Want to see some
Are you doing an adult voice?
Now
You want cool's
I want all bros cowboy killers giving to me death on the stick. I'm smoking all the way down
I'm trying to get addicted. So I don't like to live this fucking life anymore
I'm emancipating my fucking self because I'm making so much money from stream. I don't even need to be here in this house any longer
I don't need to be here single second
Goo Goo Gaga I'm gonna play valorant
I don't know how to get 10 kills
I kind of want this like benjamin button kid streamer to be real
My benjamin's buttons my way down to fucking hell
Top to bottom drop me into the war zone
It does make when I see the teeth it makes my mouth
Makes your mouth
Wait bill lean in real quick
Wow
You look so bright. I a little cuter bill. Well, hello
Just came back from my softball game
I got a double
They tried to throw me out at first place, but I can run pretty quick. That's a good boy
That's a good boy. I'm your daddy now
And I got you an ice cream for how good you did at baseball today. Yeah, that's nice
And I thought I might be ice cream. Can I have a big red? Can I make a big red float?
Mm-hmm, you can have a big red, but ever that is I got one for you. Here you go
We can watch three episodes because you've done so damn well the baseball game
We don't know what kind of shenanigans
Adventures Pikachu is gonna get up to
Oh Pikachu inside that lens a classic classic combo gotta get you
My best friend in the world with mr. Fan
Are you guys want to try the couch thing we're gonna hop onto the couch now folks
Lock in lock in lock and load
Throw in a movie in the background. This might be kind of fun to have a little movie in the double feature action
Watch us but also throw on idiotic. It's a second screen second screen situation three screens if you got them
Cycord, you're right. Let's go to the couch
Does anyone want to see me play
Chat's going crazy for me when I see my games
So guys, um, I know there's fewer viewers in the chat, but we might as well still stream some of our games
Now I'm not into baby games like fortnite. So we're gonna be playing today. It begs legends
so
Lock in because we're gonna try to go for the dubs
And then we'll see if jinxie's streaming and we might walk watch some of his streams even though
I'm not allowed
What I'm talking about. I don't know who that is. Justin
There's just some soft referencing streamers. I'm unfamiliar. Oh, you're not allowed to watch those streamers that we've put on the
Parental warnings or whatever. Yeah, it's sketches
Friend or friend or brother or I'm gonna keep it to the four super popular streamers. I'm aware of
And not the other 20 you have to watch the ones we approved doctor disrespect
Drake whatever he's whenever he's streaming whenever he appears on a
We have one viewer hello, welcome to the channel JD van specific rnc stream
Welcome to the channel. We have a new viewer among us
Yeah, to the best
Is kiff. Oh, yeah, also miss kiff, of course
Did miss gift or something bad? Okay chat. We're gonna wait. We are going to send over a way to
XQC now he has never acknowledged us for waiting him, but
We he's a good streamer. So if he ever noticed he could wait us back
Kind of feels like the darkness isn't croaching on tim. The darkness isn't cloaking on me. Yeah, that's true
Oh no, just in
Could he what could happen on this stream? We don't know did you read the necronomic on out loud again?
To reveal any water no, I'm good
How long have you guys known that case is JD vance? I don't know what that means
He looks like him and I posted a tweet about it
Bill posted a tweet about it
Uh folks. Yeah, thanks so much for tuning in. I actually wanted to do an apology stream today
For what happened last time on stream. That's not really this character. Yeah backwards and baby talk
Send it over to case see you guys on the couch
We're going to the couch we're going to the couch we're going to the couch
You guys on the couch
The view guys on the couch he did oh my god
Why does it look so funny?
Oh, it's so no whoa
Uh-oh. Oh, he doesn't have a talk. He doesn't have a talk. Oh, no
Oh, it's like when the witch's beauty spell breaks. Oh, it's a little half
Now here's case
Okay, oh, it's me. Oh, I got the oh now I got the little teeth. Okay. I have to do some setup
What if me?
Um, you guys will be able to see how it looks but on a delay
Okay
Oh, I need that's going to mess me up for sure. Yeah, I'll probably mess you up. Unfortunately. There's nothing I can do about it
Once I run a cord that will make the whole stream
Oh, this was playing the whole time. That's great. Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah, Tim. You're gonna need that. Okay
I'm glad there was just probably double music for you guys for much of that insanity. Um, all right
Let's see
How this works we're gonna we're gonna try jamming again
Jambalaya
But I it'll take a little setup. So just bear with me while I try to get bill and tim in here. Here we go. Let's do it. Whoo
Okay, these contestants are trash and they have to go
Sorry chat. What the fuck can I stay?
Uh, chat can actually stay but the rest of you guys are trash and you have to go. Um
This will just take me a minute
Of
Total panic
There goes herd they're really quick so they disappeared very fast
Okay, these two are traveling all the way from the couch. So it's gonna take them a second. Whoa
Case has some awesome co-host hosts
Yeah
There you go
You joined us. That's great
Um, wow. Okay. Yeah, that looks flawless as far as I
Will delay
Folks, I'm yeah, I you kind of won't be able to just get the vague idea. You can talk whenever you want. You guys hear me
In real life. Yeah, okay
No, no, we love the acs. Okay, no, I just think it's two other things
There is an echo. Yeah, there's gonna be an echo
All right, there's tim
Boom
There's bill next to him
Last one to
The legs are a nice
Okay, whoa, what's going on there? What happened? I can fix it. We can fix it. I swear
There
Oh
Yeah, now it works great
Lawless and also chestill here. I'll
I'm gonna need to leave to get to that show
Probably it's 610. Yeah, probably if you guys got to go this far
Right, don't you know how long to take it see? I don't know. But yeah, you're right
There's an arena great, but I think it'll probably start. That's fun
I cannot hear the uh, I cannot hear the echo on mine because I can't hear the I can't hear their mics
And I have no way to fix it
Oh, sorry my camera also was running audio so that should be fixed now. Hopefully that's not so there's probably still a pretty bad echo
See how bad it is when I talk. Oh, it's pretty bad. Even if I'm real quiet
The answer is yes
Okay
Well, anyway guys, uh, you you're on this thing now
Way to be on this thing you're gonna scoot it over so we can see bill chet. You just have to hang out on the side
Should I get closer to ten? No, no, stay where you are. Okay
Yeah, that's fine. Okay, um
Less echo. Oh, that's good. That's great. Okay. So the way this works if you've ever seen
Tim and bill have you ever seen um
What's it called jubilee?
Jubilee the X-men I watched the clip that you showed me and I played it for tim in the car. Okay. Oh, yeah
Yeah, so basically they do a bunch of different things they do like a seat
Someone has a is is pretending to be part of a group that they're not
They do blank versus blank chat. I'll let you pick you can decide
Um, one of the people here could either have a secret
Or bill and tim can be part of a group can be sort of an opposed group to lilyana and chet like, you know
Uh, they did like fit verse fat recently that that popped off. Oh, not that that's a little incendiary
Who doesn't understand how this game works? It's a little confusing
But there's just a bunch of different versions of it
So either you can tell me one of these people could have a could could be lying about being part of a particular group
Or you can you can set tim and bill versus lilyana and chet
On basically any topic, you know
Like readers versus non-readers movie lovers versus movie haters all those people that hate movies
fake versus gay fake versus gay
The classic conflict of fake versus gay is defined by tim
It's chat's choice
Honestly, probably first one. I guess it's secret cannibal. Okay. We'll do secret cannibal
so, um
Everyone here claims that they don't eat people
But uh, one of them does
These are your options options one two three and four
I'm gonna write down
I'm gonna mark one of these as being the cannibal
I'm drawing a big c on the card
That is the cannibal card and I'm gonna pass one out to everybody
Everybody gets a card. Oh, wait
Maybe I didn't watch enough of the show. I have to do it differently because
To me reasons to me the show just seemed like uh, they were just people being
Me
On purpose, but there are some there's a lot of different versions of it. Oh, okay
But that's a big component of it. Yeah, there's a lot of people just being mean because they can okay
Um, but this is the version where one of you is a cannibal but lying about it. I see
So I'm mixing these cards up
Do do not show camera
Which of you is the cannibal?
But here we'll take this
and then pass one to tim
And then shet you can uh, take one as well and I've got one as well which I'm putting in here
And lily on it as well
And also I have one that I'm putting I'm putting into my coat
As well that guy's
Everybody has one now
So here's the deal. There's a secret cannibal amongst these options here
The cannibal's gonna lie to you. They will they they can they can flatly out flat out say they're not a cannibal
However, the challenge is you can't lie about anything else. The only thing you can lie about is that you're not a cannibal
Um
Technically no one is supposed to lie chat. The other rule is you can't ask them directly. Are you the cannibal?
But chat ask them questions to try to figure out
Which of these people is the secret cannibal?
And then we will vote on it
All of them got cards
And I happen to know who the cannibal is
So I know the secret already if if we
Like they can't even ask the question
Oh, also, I'm not an option. I technically know
Don't you want to know who's the secret cannibal? Don't you want to play along?
No, I mean don't you want to be like chat and not know
Oh
Really quick. Oh wait actually, maybe I
I might not know actually
Okay, uh, here's the question. Uh, this is question number one. Are you friends with army hammer?
Uh tim are you friends with army hammer?
I
Am friends with army hammer
No, you have to
Next question
Don't you have to tell the truth?
Uh, well
I'll let the truth be a sliding scale. You can sort of be a person like in real life. Wait. Am I a character right now? Yes
Oh, yeah, then yeah because I'm timothy shallow man
And we were in that movie together. This is so mind-bending. I don't know how to do this. Have you ever yeah, tim?
All right, bill you can be yourself bill. Are you friends with army hammer? No
Yeah, okay, that's easy
Uh, lily on are you friends with army hammer? Yes
Very close
I've been to every one of his birthdays
even the first one
And I consider him a close friend
Okay, that's lily on a chat. Are you friends with army hammer? No, but I do appreciate that he's like tall and jacked
So I do respect him on some levels on the level of how he like eats deer hearts and like maybe wants to chow down on model's legs
I find him less relatable
Okay, there we go
Um another question. How does people taste?
This is coming from chat tim. How does people taste? Well, I'm not gonna say because
You know, I don't want to spoil whether I'm the cannibal or not
But I would assume it's like any other type of meat if you prepare it in the right way it could have a delicious flavor
Bill, how does people taste?
Can I comment on what tim said?
Um, no, we try to keep it respectful here. This is sort of about being a respectful open form. That's right
The call-out liars, but you can if you want
Okay, it just seems like why wouldn't you just say I don't know how it tastes
Well, I mean it's fair to guess. It's just a question
Why would I guess?
If I guess it makes me seem like I know
But I don't know because I've never had it
And I never would or will
Okay, that's fair. I'm not trying to give away who is or isn't the cannibal
I'm just saying if how does human meat taste I would assume it would taste pretty good if prepared like other meats
You assume it would taste good
If it was prepared like other meats like in a smoker all day or something like that or
You know
Over a spit or something. This sounds like you're fantasizing about what you want. No. No. No. No. I'm not
I'm just I'm just saying that if you prepared it like how would you
Bill you're a cook you're a chef. How would you prepare like a delicious steak? What's your what's like the best steak you can think of?
I mean the best steak is
A filet and you
You do it in a cast iron pan. And on a human what cut it would that be?
My guess is the best cut of meat from a human would be in
In like a a lack of daisical leg
Uh-huh. Probably someone who doesn't move very much, but it's like a nice
Or the tongue you're sounding awfully cannibal right now
Look at Tim's tongue while I'm talking about that
Che how does it how does human taste? I mean it depends on the human. I feel like that said there's a huge variation
I don't how taste the same
Okay, lily on a how does human taste? Well, I mean everybody's licked a human. That doesn't mean that you've eaten one
I'd say
You know they taste like
If they're older they sort of taste like um beats like beat pudding
Oh
Probably would depend on what you eat. Yeah, I mean I could see it depending on what you eat
Sorry, what was that bill? It probably would depend on what you eat what you taste like probably depends on what you eat
Probably
And these are your options we're going to take one more question and then I will let you vote chat
And if you think it's one two three or four who's the secret cannibal
How old is wait how well okay, that's more of a general question if people were vegetables, which ones would they be?
so
The average taste of human and then you take to turn them into a vegetable or it could be more of a vibes based thing
Uh, we'll start with chat this time chat if people were a vegetable
What vegetable would they be? Um
Can a loathe because we're hard on the outside but inside we're just honestly lying
this little fucking gooey guy
honestly, we all have hearts and
We all put up fronts and stuff and we're trying to be strong with maybe at the end of the day we're just soft inside
Okay, uh, tim
If people were a vegetable what vegetable would they be? Uh
Probably like artichoke or something like that some with a lot of good meat on there
Okay, bill
Okay, if people were a vegetable
I think they would be
freaking asparagus
because people are
toxic and they're
Ruining the world just like asparagus taints your piss
Do you think people deserve to be eaten just to follow up question there bill?
Do I think they deserve to be eaten? Yes
Honestly, I do but not by other people
by god
Eating by god
Yeah, okay, you know like a Godzilla sort of scenario
Sure
The ancient the ancient ones should devour us all
Okay, lily on a deal what vegetable would they be? I don't know potato people are kind of like little lumpy guys
They're not very good if they're not cooked or like sweetened
Okay, that adds up, you know what I said, I'd only take three. Let's take one more just to really
Give you guys the most information possible favorite condiment
condiment
This could be on a person or I guess that's just you can take the question of however you want bill
What's your favorite condiment?
Fingernails
Okay, no wait catch up
He's obviously the secret cannibal
Uh, my favorite condiment
is
human meat
You both are making the same mistake only one of you is a freaking animal
Okay
Fucking catch up man. Jesus. Yeah, that's a catch up. I meant to say catch up
There me too. Well, y'all know what's your favorite condiment with a little bit of human blood in it
I would say when he was alive the flaked off skin of Sheldon Adelson. Oh, probably an Alton anymore
That's a little cannibal for sure
Uh, all right. Well look those are your those are your options
Now it's time to vote yet
Option one two three or four. Who is the secret cannibal? Let me make that poll for you right now
Can I say that I'm not
Oh, I can't make the poll again. I am also not
Well, it's for some reason I can't make the poll if you can just make a poll that says who is the secret cannibal one two three or four
um
Something about my setup. What is country?
What's that bill at the top left it says country hamper at the jamboret
Oh, I did a country jamboret. That's a country debate. It's a country music debate
It's a country jamboree, but a debate it makes sense. I get it
Yeah
Well, I'm a conservative. I got it's denying my poll powers. I want to change them
Oh, shit, we have two going go with the um chat
Go with the actual twitch poll
You can't ignore
Oh, no, this is so confusing. I wish I could there's no way for me to stop both polls from being there at the same time, unfortunately
But uh, just go with the twitch. We'll go off the twitch one. You're welcome to fill out the other one
In this double poll situation
Uh, any last uh the vote votes are currently happening tim any last uh things to say about how you aren't a cannibal
I am not the cannibal. I don't eat human
I don't eat delicious human meat. I don't eat it
Some moron voted for two. All right
Uh, bill any thoughts on how you're not a cannibal assuming you're not I'm not
I wouldn't be
And I won't and I you couldn't convince me to unless
unless there was some sort of
situation where
You had to eat human like playing crash or donner party or just a more of our accident
Yeah, wait a minute
No, I'm not I'm not I made a lot of jokes about how I might be but I'm not the fingernails thing was a joke. I'm not
Yeah, and it was a good idea
On how you're not a cannibal we had two polls going at once
So the winner of the secondary poll
I can't actually see because it's covered up by the other poll but chat just no option one
The winner the the other poll seems to have five options
Really?
I think maybe winner option. No, no right now it has four options. Okay, and tim I have to say
It's not looking good for you. Um, just because 17 people voted for me
It looks like maybe some people have voted for me too, but I can't see because the yeah the scroll
Yeah, I need to move the I need to move the poll up, you know, I can do that actually right now
Whoa
Okay
Uh, the winner was tim tim. Do you still have the card that I gave you I do
But don't you think that if I got the most votes I should reveal last?
Hmm. We'll reveal in order. That's okay. That's fair. We'll start with chat
Uh chat go ahead and reveal your card someone wrote something about mcdonald's being closed
And it made me think that if you were a cannibal
You would just you would eat mcdonald
Like the person. Oh smart instead of mcdonald's
Yeah, go ahead or you'd eat ronald. Yeah chat. Can you reveal yours? Um, well
Good fucking news dude only lean protein, which is not human. You guys got too many additives
And I eat healthy
Okay, oh lily on it. How about you?
Surprisingly not me honestly not sure myself at times some of the things I've done on the edge
But I suppose in the classic sense. I'm not a cannibal bill. You are up next
Okay, you got the second most votes go ahead and let us know I think you didn't change the scene
Yeah, you were just holding it up as casey up with us. You were you there was you as you
No, oh it's because I was on studio mode chat. I that was me talking if you're in your voice
Can you show us yourself? What the fuck dude you suck?
Sorry about that lily on it. Sorry for doing your voice. So you sounded nothing like me pathetic showing not me
Okay bill
onto you
If you thought it was me because I'm
dumb
I'm I'm sad to say I'm just dumb. It wasn't me. Okay that
Fortunately means
Tim well, that's weird because I did not have a c. Oh wait actually I did
Oh, it's invisible actually. Yes. Oh, it's invisible. You got to put it right in front of your face
The light in front of it. Yeah
Okay, I got the c card. Okay
Well, hey
We freaking sorted it out
A secret cannibal was amongst us the whole time Tim
How is it eating people?
Uh, it's delicious. Honestly, it's the best because not only are you eating delicious meat that you can prepare in any number of ways
Like just like any other meat. Uh, you also have the added benefit of
Uh eating a story
Right you're eating a you're eating there's a there's something a whole life was lived
Before this a human life that and you're the end of the story
I am the end of the story and he goes right down the gullet and I in many ways
Um consume their story and consume their power and I'll never stop
Well, I've never thought of it the way that's why we do this is to hear new perspectives
That's right and I can help now do the rat stuff. Fuck you msg
I'm a little nervous because he's my ride to the next thing. Yeah, I could see that
Bill right now it'll be fine
All right chat, we're gonna do one more of these
This is the the simpler inspection of this description of this is one of these people has a secret
That's only true to them. What is their secret?
Put it in the chat right now
and we will um
We will figure it out once again
Someone has a secret somebody's got a secret
What's the secret?
Eight a person is the same
They know what they they did that on purpose. Sausage fingers is too visibly apparent bed wetter
Bed wetter is a strong choice. Okay
Um, can you guys give me your cards back? Yeah
The sea is the bed wetter
Beautiful all right, they are dating Kendall micro penis
We'll just we don't have to hand out the cards for that one
We'll turn this into a butt
Or we'll turn umper turn it into
These are good secrets wet with what accidentally did a number two in a car
Wait, are those do those go together?
Skater
No, oh those two two people sleep umper wet with what?
Who is Bart Simpson in disguise? Well, that's we might have to do that one after who is justice Alito
My wife would have some thoughts about that
Bill's wife is your wife becoming a lawyer
She is a lot. Well, she's a
She's just got a law degree
She hasn't passed the bar. She's not passed the bar and we should be careful what we say on here because
There might be some sort of legal implications ramifications
That's just true. Someone has a secret and their secret is mayonnaise. All right. We're deciding who the secret bed wetter is
It's on this card. I know who it is for sure
Which is why I'll pass it to the right person
Here's your two cards guys. Don't look at them and tell them
That close up on me. So this is who is the secret bed wetter. Yeah
Who is the secret bed wetter and I will go ahead and put mine into my coat
for safekeeping
And lilyana will do that as well. I'm assuming
Yes, lilyana do that too. I'm doing it as well into my little
In a coat
I'm done. But also it's not me
Yes, the rules are very simple. Um, they will lie about being the bed wetter. However, they need to be honest about
Ancillary questions to that
So you can't ask them directly but try to ask questions around the subject and see if you can suss it out
If it's too direct though, I give you permission to lie if it's like, how does it feel too pissing too?
Your bed
Then maybe that's a little too close. So I'll leave it up to the the contestants discretion
You want to ask adjacent questions to try to figure it out?
So if you have any questions, one of these people is a bed wetter
And lying about it that they're not who is the secret bed wetter. Okay. Who has rubber sheets?
Chets, why don't you start us off here?
Um, I do have like the thing under my sheets to protect my mattress
Which does feel a little like water resistant in a way that sometimes if I have thin enough sheets
Actually makes my bed feel like shit and pisses me off. So that is an experience. I can relate to I don't piss my bed
And if I did I would do it proudly and probably just be from working out too much my body releasing in my sleep
But I don't because my body's got so much control. Okay, bill. How about you? Um, do you have rubber sheets? No
I don't have rubber sheets. I have regular sheets
but even if I
Did piss the bed I would still have regular sheets because
It doesn't it's fine
Whatever happens is fine
Okay
Because it's fine and whatever happens is fine. Oh nice man. Rubber sheets? Great
Uh, no, I don't have rubber sheets. I am not the bed wetter. So I don't need rubber sheets
I have normal sheets and whatever happens is not fine if there's piss all over my bed
I don't want to sleep in it
So
I don't want to get used to it. That's the thing. I don't like piss and I don't want to like piss
Okay, lily on it. Do you have rubber sheets? I do I have many types of sheets
Uh, I have them honestly for when I sleep with an older more geriatric gentleman and by sleep
I mean tie them to my bed and urine happens in the course of sex. It doesn't make you a bed wetter
It for me, it would be intentional piss play is what I'm saying. It does not happen
Accidentally for me. Does also have rubber sheets. Yeah, some people write that that is
Given what we know about lily on it. That is a relatively fair question
Um, okay. Uh, any other questions for these to uh, how do you feel about bare grills?
Hmm is that related to piss that might be related to piss in a way. I don't know. How does it feel to piss in someone else's bed?
Okay, I guess that's ancillary enough
Um, how does it feel to piss in someone else's bed? If you haven't you can say you don't know
How does it feel to piss in someone else's bed? Well, I'm not the bed wetter
Um, but you know if it was like if I was if I was really mad at somebody and I and I was trying to like get
Even with them or something. I don't know. I might piss on somebody's bed, but I'm not
I'm not a bed wetter. I don't go to sleep and piss and piss in bed. So, uh
I don't know how it feels to piss in someone else's bed and I've never accidentally done that either. Okay, wink
kidding kidding double kidding
And the wink was okay lily on how does it feel to piss in someone else's bed?
That's me. That's not lily on it lily on it. Um
Dominating him with piss. It's more the person you're pissing on in the bed. I would say
Unless so the bed itself the bed doesn't have feelings
So you can't dominate it in a way that's satisfying
But the person can feel deep shame and regret in a way that's sensual
Okay, chat. How does it feel to piss in someone else's bed?
It was my boy stomp
Then it feels fucking like he deserves it a thousand percent and honestly
We used to call his fucking bed the outhouse
Because it was just closest to the bathroom and people in the frat we get confused
And stomp's bed just fucking
Again and again got fucking pissed out
Um, and so I guess I'd say it feels funny. It feels fucking funny because he deserved it
It's because of where he lived I guess, okay, um, bill. How does it feel to piss in someone else's bed?
Well, I think it's a weird question because
If you were wetting a bed
Presumably that would mean you were doing it in your sleep
And then you wouldn't know how it feels
And you don't know how it feels so you don't
Care which bed it is
So I guess the answer is whether or not
You're a bed wetter. You don't know how it feels
Well, unless you're awake
Which I would never do because that's mean
But I guess it's the point is just that you you don't mean to do it
The point is you don't mean to do it. Yeah, and you can't help it
Case this game rocks me
Okay, last question
Um
This is more of a vibes based one
This is more of a vibes based one
Do you like furgy fur delicious baby from the black eyed peas?
Is that it's the hardest you like? Oh the black eyed peas. Oh the black eyed peas. We'll start with you this time, bill
um
Let's see my humps my humps my humps. I'm just sort of free associating
um
I guess I'll just say like
There's a there's like a huge stigma
around this
That shouldn't exist and I'm talking about wetting the bed
now and
Yeah, I like the black eyed peas
The black eyed piss
Yeah
Liliana do you like furgy? No, she's golden in my wife too many times. Okay chat
That's lianna again chat. Do you like furgy? Yeah, she's fucking fox. She's in a bridge or something and it's falling
and
Bridges are overrated. So follow the bridges down is the song and I like it
Okay, she feels as usual. Uh tim. How do you do like uh, do you like furgy? Whoever it is, you are fine. There is no shame
From a bed wetter chat
um
Uh
What was it like do I like furgy? No, I don't like furgy and I'm also not the bed wetter
It's unrelated to whether you like furgy versus whether you wet the bed, but I am not the bed wetter
I don't like furgy. I don't like black eyed peas and I never really have
um
And the last time I wet the bed I was you know
16 or something like that
Oh
Wouldn't that be weird 16 is
If you've pissed the if you've pissed the bed once, okay, I'll ask this
I mean, we'll never shit the bed. This is a good question
If you've pissed the bed like a couple times one to five times in your adult life could be for any reason drunk sick
Night terrors, whatever. Do you think that makes you a bed wetter?
Uh Tim, do you think just pissing the bed like a couple times as an adult makes you a bed wetter?
Between the how many times a year I'd say like under five times in your whole adult life over 16 will say
Does that make you a bed wetter that might be the border the five times might be the exact border
Yeah, how about two times
Oh two times. No, you're not a bed wetter if it's two times in your adult life. Okay two times. Yeah
Six times you're a bed wetter pretty much for sure. Okay, that's fair. Yeah, so how many times, uh, have you wet the bed as an adult?
Bill
Well, let's answer the first question first. Yeah, you don't have to answer that because it's not an official question
Yeah, right. That's true. I want to answer case's question. Right. Okay
What's the question?
If you if you wet the bed like we'll say up to five times in your adult life
Between 16 and however old you are now. Does it make you a bed wetter? Yep
And also
I agree with that. If it's once
I think that's true too. It's a sense kind of everyone is. Oh, okay
So it's normal, but I but I'm not
Okay, I'm not right, but it's almost everyone is
Chat any thoughts? I'd say five. I agree with Tim. I think that's the limit
I think by the time you hit five you're a bed wetter has a defense
Will you think so? I think I think I'd give him up to 20
You know, that's like once a year if you do it once a year
Is that real is that much like if you go to
Hmm, if you eat steak once a year, does that mean you're not a vegetarian?
Um, I'd say yes if it's really intentional, but okay. Well chat those are your options
One two three and four are who you can vote for it. Let's let's just go with the twitch pull mods if if you're able to
Who is the secret bed wetter?
Your options are one two three and four while they're setting that up. I'm gonna attempt to move
The pull up so we can see more options
um
I got a feeling
Tim ability things to say for yourself
It's gonna be a good night. I'm not gonna wet the bed too
That is funny that that black-eyed peed pee song tonight's gonna be a good night
Black-eyed pees it's about not wetting the bed. I got a feeling
Who pees the bed
There now we can see these options. All right nice
Wow who pees the bed is the question that we are asking ourselves
One two three or four. Oh, I'm four
Bill is four. I thought I thought I
Never mind bill is four
Shed is one lily honest to him is three
People are pretty split between shut and bill oh bills. I'll be right back bills out of here
Daddy rad. Thank you for the 20 months
Uh bill is the missing fourth option
You can factor in him running away from this
Into if you think it's him tim. Who do you think it is if it's not you
Who do I think the bed wetters? I think it's bill. He's the whole time. He's been trying to normalize bed wedding
I don't know why anyone is voting for one
I think it's bill too like
I understand that I'm I'm comfortable enough that if I did piss the bed I'd say it I'd be like
Fuck y'all
He's climbing into your bed. Stop him
He went to go pee in your bed
That was really quick but Jesus jet is really fun
Yeah, it's just a fun chat because I have fun
And there's no kink shaming rules here and that lets things go pretty wild and free
No, it's like I would let my piss go if I did piss the bed, but it's just not one of my kinks
Wow, I do it to people but it's not for me. It's for sam. I'm just to give it love
So close
Yeah, are there bots? What the heck is going on?
What the heck is going on? Whoa
What's that bill the poll is so close
Wow, oh, I thought it was chat for a second. Okay. Well end with you bill
Go ahead and end with you. Oh
Oh
Oh
End with me. What it's too late. I'll have you reveal yours last. Okay. Okay. Uh chat yours is tucked away in your coat
Uh, please reveal your card
Well, again, I I think it's just a sign of my masculinity that people just want to vote for me, but it was not me
Okay, lily on it is going down the line here. Was it you?
I have mon right below me. Actually, I had it in my little coat here and uh
No, it is not me
Sorry, I have a blurring effect on papers because uh, uh
censorship or something whatever
Okay, not needed to say tim. Let's go ahead and show off yours. It was
Not
me
Bill that means you don't have a good chance here. Let's see your card. You know what? This is bullshit
I'm not even gonna show my card. I'm sick of this
This is a ridiculous sham
And I'm out of here
Is it covered is it covered in piss?
We got lost got lost in the back there. Hey case. We gotta go man. You gotta go. We gotta go. All right. Thank you so much for having us chat y'all are the best
Lock in
It's true. This this chat is the best. It's a good chat bro fist guys
Wait, we can't do that anymore. Oh, sorry. Don't know wait. Why?
Oh, I associated that with dr. Disrespect. No, that's krip. Oh, that's krip krip does the bro fist
Oh, I thought those are dr. Disrespect thing never my grip is
Son of a bitch and these guys are he chat y'all are making me lull big time for real. We gotta go. We're gonna go see megan do a
comedy show
He's about a crush
Okay, we'll have fun you too
I'm gonna you're doing this till 11. So you really know I'm not even halfway through it turns out
What can you do? Thank you for having us. Yeah, thanks for coming. Thanks for having us guys
Just watch lily on it and chat sit there for a second
one second
All right, we'll see you in a bit have fun at the show. All right. Are you still here Mark? Yeah
All right. I will
Bye, bye, mommy
Sorry, I know I muted um
They didn't say bye to cheddar lily on it that is rude
But now we're back. Sorry about that chat. I guess he doesn't make a strong impression
Well, this is more of a professional setting. So I don't take it personally. It's actually business over everything and that's fine
Hey chat taking in stride. It's amazing when nothing I could have dominized you this time if I wished but ah, that's what it's not
All right, let's bring our other friends back
I think we'll move on from this segment, but we'll set it up for later real quick
They know how to come in fast fortunately
Whoa, they're quick. Oh my god so fast. Okay. I'm back now
Good to be back. There we go
Do do do do do do do
Do I could eat?
You hungry Kendall? Oh mama mama mama
Oh mama mama
These are good last time. Yeah, do you want to drink? Yeah, you know, I don't either. Probably good
Kendall taking care of me
comedy is back
We're back
Thanks to bill and tim
And to Kendall we're putting up the eight hour debate stream. Does Kendall like grilled sausage or pork sausage?
Do you like grilled pork or pork sausage? Yeah
My guess is you like grilled pork
I don't know. Does that look like commander gives us long pork. I'll show you grilled pork real quick
Oh, let's grilled pork chops
Okay
Pork sausage
Rock the sausage
Pork sausage
It looks like a sausage, which I guess we could have expected
I think it might be pork sausage. Long pork equals human. Well, what's long pork?
Human? Is that human?
Oh it is
Oh long pork is human flesh. Yeah
I didn't know that
We're back in the void. I think I'm good. I think usually I never finished the food from there anyway, so
It's too much for me. We need to fix this real quick
There we go. We're back in business
We should be back in business now
I think we are
I think we're back. Boom. Okay
Now I just need to fix
This
We got some music going. What's up with these numbers?
Baluia
That could be maybe that's the real Baluia is grandma crumble bottom. What's that?
Absolutely
Okay, there we go. I just done that from the start
All right, we're tearing this stream apart damn it
You got in some old age disqualifies you from bedwetting
Is that true?
I mean, I still I don't
Personally, I don't show
Ask somebody else
Okay, Tyler doesn't
Does it?
Um, nah
Now that counts as pass
Okay
Well, these are the kinds of opinions we can only get here in the jumbalaya infinite infinite dark void of opinions and secrets
And whatever else we end up doing
With this inky black set
That's all we have for it for now though. Let's send it back to the main studio
Or whatever else is next
Hurray. Oh, yeah, I forgot it has a real wind up. I'm supposed to do the outro over this hot beat
But I suspect I'll always forget
Anyway
Damn we're only four hours and 20 forward three hours and 40 minutes in
I forgot how it feels to stream for more than two hours
It's crazy. How do people do this every day? I gotta make it a whole special event for myself
Just to do it occasionally
You want to debate
Smut or no, but you want to come over here? Okay
Do you want to be on this? We'll both be on the side of smut and we can have our doppelgangers not be on the side of smut
Okay, let me find one that works. Okay. These cartoons are not on the side of smut
We'll say hi to him
I just don't think it's a great form of art
Okay, um mods if you don't mind making that pole kendall and I do you want to sit you can
Oh, okay
The other cartoon might the the the guys might have the strongest opinion on this for some reason
I've got a really strong opinion on this for some reason and
As a cartoon I just think I'd love to be put in the position to have to represent smut
All right, that's fair
I personally think it's great and I'll tell you all about it
As soon as there's a pole. It's the only way to tell if there's a debate
Oh, yeah, you don't know if there's a debate if there's not a pole
I mean you just talk but okay
It's quite a lovely lady you have with you
Don't smut my beautiful girlfriend smuts for whores
She can say that I didn't go that far, but I don't disagree. That's her take
Uh smut or no smut is the question
Do we go smut or no smut?
So I would make these poles myself, but you know, I'll open up twitch on my end so I can do it over there. Hopefully
You're gonna see your smut
My smut opinions
I'll I'll lay into it once I have this pull up. I'll stop this music in favor of uh
Look eroticism is the lowest form of art. It's easy pickings. Okay. You show two characters
That are horny for each other teasing romance. You promise the payoff of
lurid
sexual acts and you detract from our base humanity
I'm not saying sex is evil. I'm saying that it's sacred and special
and uh
That there's better ways to plumb the depths of the human spirit than to show it its back walls getting blown out, you know
Uh, the the portal to the soul is not your penis or your pussy
you
You subscribe to smutify. Um
I mean my honesty would be yeah, whatever form of entertainment you want to take in that
Actually gets you some enjoyment and doesn't hurt anybody which smut doesn't
It's literally just a story about
You know that contains some fucking elements. It's mostly about teasing sex. Anyway, it seems like your average smut story has
Almost no sex in it. It's like 90 blushing 10 sex. I'd say on the whole that's honestly pretty um
That's kind of sweet in a way. It's more about the anticipation
Uh than the act itself and the personality is involved
I think you're just being a little extra horny trying to call out
the limited aspect of smut that is you know
Direct boning
It's titillation. Well, yeah, you should titillate your mind
with um
Plastic mangas with shonen mangas
Your pro shonen manga. I'm anti smut. I'm pro shonen manga. Well, there's a lot of ecchi elements to shonen mangas
There's a lot of like titillation. There's a lot of fan service
not
in
zatch bell
And I think there's some in zatch bell. I support the manga version of zatch bell
And I rest my case
Looks like i'm gonna win this debate. This is big for me
Titillate my mind with titties
That is a great way to do it
Kendall being in the background does make it better
Kendall's uh for the win
Anti smut cartoon man. Does your girlfriend have anything to say?
Babe we lost. We might have to try we might have to try smut now
What? Oh we can I thought I was impressing you by not
Yeah, but I have a weak mind
And if someone tells me spots great
We should give it a try. This eye's all long. This eye's all long. Did you see that?
Oh
Yeah, you have wandering eye syndrome. We both do that's how we bonded
Zatch bell dope as fuck
I don't know why zatch bell is stuck in my brain
It's so cute
We are pretty cute. We could make some pretty good smut
Eww
The dad from uh the feelings movie
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Things wants to make small you don't have the mustache. I think the mustache really contributes to the feelings movie dad
What's the feelings movie?
Where they have feelings?
Inside out
Yeah, you're the inside out tadpole with no mustache
I'm way more masculine than that guy
You guys have ghost
Bye
All right, um, we had a kick it to the streets happen
We're gonna have to do some street debates
So uh exclamation point trip is how you send trip opinions. There might be some
Uh refuse in the street opinions right now. So we'll skip through those
But looks like bill. Yeah a little bit
For now, we'll kick to the streets for I guess today it's all about debates
So trip is gonna have to have some street debates. We'll see how it goes
Yeah, anonymous bringing a wintery midnight into the fold the winteriest of midnight
Okay, it looks like I can skip an opinion. I'm gonna do that first one because that's one of cases
I think and that's another of cases
Okay, this is great
Looks like the first one teed up is a street debate for me and whoever's feeling froggy today
If you're feeling froggy drunk, I you know, you can put in whatever opinion
I can't see it all about my dang glasses. Uh, you can put in whatever opinion you'd like
But if you format the opinion in the form of a debate today
That will make our life even easier
Because apparently these all have to be street debates
Okay, uh, let's bring it on our first one
I see a gentleman approaching me who looks hot and rearing to debate
Explanation point trip is how you send me a hot opinion or a debate in this case
Uh, looks like you've got three waiting sir. Do you want to talk to me? I'm trip rad steam
Yeah
Whoop there it is versus whoop there it is
Uh
Whoop there it is versus whoop whoop there it is
As in like which let me clarify first whoop there it is
Is the song of 95 south is whoop there it is
Wait, this is just someone who thinks that's whoop there it is
Isn't whoop there it is that I'm so confused. Were these two different songs as a simple question, man
Whoop there it is versus whoop there it is
Hmm. Well tag team. Yeah tag team's the artist I'm familiar with. I'm gonna go with the classic whoop
They are two different songs
Whoa, they sound the same there's 95 south and then tag team
How did that happen?
This is this close whoop there it is isn't classic and you follow him for the trap of
preferring this semester
whoop there it is
Hmm. I don't think we need to do polls for every one of these
I think we'll just say well, I guess we'll just have to agree to disagree. There's not the big words
We need to know who's right
um
Okay, well
I've uh, I have to flip a coin
All right
Let's hold debate rides on this coin heads or tails. That can't be all we're doing
Well, look, we can't do polls all day. That's crazy. All right heads
Yes, this is how street debates are settled. These are only the rules for street debates
Okay, you said heads boom
Read it and actually celebrate it is heads. You can't really see it. Uh, but
That's heads
It's heads
I'm looking new. I knew god was on my side. Bless up to god almighty
He knows the truth. What there is man. It's what james said
Play it for me dog
What?
What?
Yeah, that's how you fucking do it. I'm out of your big big fan, but I did beat your ass today
I got my first street debate my ass got slammed
My ass has been slammed back to the stone age
I got that I got that work done on me
All right. Well, let's see who else is out here. Let's see if the next opinion on is
Street debates galore or an opinion depending on what what it says, but I'll make it a debate one way or another sir
Looks like you're raring to talk to me. I'm trip bradstein. What you gotta say
Okay, I don't have anything for you there. I just didn't know how to make that one a debate
What the heck's going on here? All right, let's see if the next one's up too. You want to talk to me bread man
How'd you guess my name?
Well, you are a floating piece of bread. Is that an assumption to make? No, you absolutely nailed it
I'm a floating piece of bread and I just I'm a huge fan. I want to say you need a raise
Okay, that's a good question. Do I need a raise?
Hmm. Hmm. I need some debate music
We'll call this
This is the debate music
Well, I know I just feel like you need a raise and I'm saying I don't the streets are the only sustenance I need
I've never needed a raise for a minute. The only thing that raises me up is the sweet smell of asphalt and freshly mowed park grass
I'm a street man. I'm paid with the vibes of the city, baby
And the opinions of random passerbys like that guy on a bike get your fucking money out of here
It has no value in my bush
Oh, I didn't mean to offend you. I'm
Look a bread cost money
If you want time with me, you need money
So to me money has value because I'm bread
I don't mean to insult your culture. The culture of bread is money-based
But I didn't if you're a street guy then
We can just agree to have a different take here
But I do still feel you deserve a raise
Okay, we can agree to disagree
But the streets demand resolution heads or tails. Oh, I've never
flip the coin because I'm floating bread hmm I need to bring home the bread well
you'd have to pay in my culture if you pay you do bring home the bread I'd have
to abandon my bread family depending on the price wow that sounds difficult it
is I've been through so many families and then occasionally I get eaten
shouldn't you be dead let's not get too deep into it flip the coin tails okay
oh I threw it too far I threw it away it fell into a manhole and that one's gone
forever let's flip this again okay and it's glad I am and I'm fucking losing it
look I'm not it landed like this tails smashed again I guess I deserve a raise
that's just the way the streets that's the way the breading streets that's the
cookie crumbling on the bread streets I'd have trouble with human sayings because
I'm Brad I understand bread that's my my name is bread I caught you bread man well
I thought you're saying bread man what's up anyway my name's bread and I win accept
the raise trip you deserve it I'm a huge fan I'm not I'm bread bread streets is
a great twitch username can argue with a fact oh geez am I gonna have to debate
two people at once sort of looks like what might be going on here I honestly
don't entirely know you want to talk to me fellow things is Gragor the best frog
Gragor is Gragor the best frog we love Gragor in the Unicornica
very kawaii indeed Gragor I googled I have had my producer Google Gragor and I
don't think I think you must have meant frogger nope incorrect what we mean is
Gragor very kawaii well look I'm unfamiliar with Gragor it's like
maybe it's like frogger in the human world Gragor is a frog that licks the horns of
unicorns he lives in a castle made out of cheese when he farts it signals the
trumpets of war wait when he farts it singles it signals the trumpet of war
he farts then a trumpeter trumpets the war song and then the unicorns slay each
other with our horns Gragor the bringer of war living in cheese is fun he's the
fight is the best frog okay well I'm gonna say you meant frogger but I guess Gragor
it could be as real as anything else on this stream let's flip for it
shit we didn't say which was which oh okay let's do it again heads shit they
would have lost if I got it beforehand cuz it was tails oh god I'm so bad at
flipping a coin how's that even possible scoop okay damn it how is everybody
beating me with these street debates that's the way the streets work even
us unicorns know that the gods are against you today trip but where for you
the huge fans us unicorns you're almost as big as Gragor and unicorn
copia bye bye okay good to know really burning through these debates today
hmm all right let's see who this is bring it on I can't keep losing all of these
right my shop arm who is better lover cash a more Kevin who is better lover
who's a better lover cashy more Kevin are you cast him in a mask trying to find
out no my name is Brig Brig okay Brig who's a better lover I have not had the
pleasure of plazio ring either I'm more of a my sexuality is mostly park okay well
what would you get is that a cartoon of are you cartoon cast no my name is
Brig okay Brig um shoot you really put me on the spot here it depends on what you're
into let's not acceptable cast some coolio cast him with cast him in
sunglasses is a real cool vibe looks strong cool cool daddy energy from coolio
cast in the glasses so because of that other than also though you got Kevin
in the aviators well why should it be about glasses what is this accent what do
you mean I was Spanish but no I don't know we're not here to figure that out
not skinned an avian it doesn't matter which is it I'm gonna go with cast him
I just kind of feel his vibe when he's in those sunglasses I think Kevin would be
fun to like throw into a bush what you know he feels like I can like grab him
by the waist just kind of throw him into a bush it could be fun depending
on the mood what I don't know I'm just spitballing here okay well look I think
it's Kevin very Scandinavian or Spanish what's going on I don't know my friend
what you're talking about become Liliana it all becomes a little young eventually
okay heads or tails then hmm heads I can't keep losing I'm on the side of
Cass here cast needs a win this is a win for cast not for me buhya buhya the
streets of sorry Kevin street debate one get cast in the sack and kick Kev to the
back I'm sure they're both fine wow really coming out hard against him well I
think comes in hard you know tonight I think you'd be a sensitive on sweet
lover okay well it's more Ukrainian and Mexican that's omita now and you to check
my Twitter profiles Twitter profile I've done that's where my flags is okay
well we're not talking about the debates over okay well that's all the time I
have I'm a fan a big one yes yes I am I'm gonna speed these up we got a lot of
debates coming in today this is how you do debates case nice and fast like this
this is the power of the streets we settle our debates nice and quick let's get
another one out here right away rip the bandaid baby and debate away oh boy this
fellow has a look oh yes the Power Rangers vs the Golden Girls the Power Rangers
vs the Golden Girls um Golden Girls what really you're not a vendor
gang gang but I don't remember the lyrics but I love the tune gang gang
by my baby it's go go Power Rangers like that like it like that I like that
what alright um I don't know the Golden Girls is just more of a classic in my
what Super Sentai are you including Super Sentai in the Power Rangers what
doesn't matter I went with the Golden Girls I just like those old girls they
wore my heart in the way that the Rangers just don't you know I just don't I don't
I guess I don't resonate as much with what the defending their city against
big old yeah you okay yeah just mean anything hmm I think he has a tongue
does your mouth haunted no I mean I rent it to a gun what I rent my mouth
to a gun you if you rent it to a ghost that it's haunted no it's an agreement
okay well look he's got a haunted mouth that's another side the point has your
tails oh um three heads or tails three I'm gonna say your heads okay but I'm
three whatever he says he's three but he's heads oh you're lucky I picked for
that's almost a win for me but fine Power Rangers takes it that's only that's
only found is this how you sound without a ghost in your mouth a tenant
and telling in my mouth I'm a big fan okay that's nice to hear but I'm gonna be
moving but I deserve the win thank you for being a friend I look I like both
but if I had to pick between the two if I absolutely had to wow this man has
magnificent hair or gal or person what you got for me it's a big debate day
we're doing street debates bring it on friend oh but yeah Cooper Anderson here
you have a lovely hair yeah in the land of anime smart who gets you harder
yes or tentacles who gets me harder piss or tentacles in the land of animation
well are you on a site I'd like to hear you first yes or ten I'd say I'm not
just I'm not that into piss I don't love tentacles particularly what they've done to
a lot of hard-working schoolgirls but I suppose if I had to have a coitus with
either piss or a tentacle depending on who the tentacles attached to I'd have
to go with tentacles this is just something you submerge yourself in
tentacles and a whole appendage you can have all sorts of fun with that for
me it was pills well then we've got ourself a street debate and where's my
music yeah I forgot I was doing this earlier whoa show and turn show yes it is
oh we have to do a how-to something reminded me of that for some reason okay
oh shoot heads or tails I got to do it again so you can say it first tail okay
tail Rosie O'Donnell goes full arsenal damn it how do I I'm getting just rock today
in these street debates what the gods are against you firing here the gods deny
your claim to greatness today this wins again yeah I guess I should have known
better than a bet against piss piss always wins in the end we all return to the
pitch we once were that person might be confusing the ocean in piss like might
not quite get how babies work they confusing common bit well whatever I
this best not to think about it too much we got a lot of opinions to get to
today and it's not even that much time to do it what the frick looks like
something terrible has happened to the take on me guy let's find out what it
is yeah man yeah classic here hello how are you doing my name's French okay
French how's it going French in the house great to be here my man okay listen
classic question here big boobs small boobs big old titties little little bit
it is a fucking cut me I won't wait you can't deny me that five big dog bigger
titties I just I like I kind of them with Malibu torture I like all breasts I
could I'll take all sizes don't try to PC me here big dog you like a big a little
flicky bitty titty um you know what just out of out of love and respect I feel
like the classic answer is big but I actually kind of do prefer a slightly
more petite cup I think it's like easier on the gal not caring around that extra
weight giving them back problems and you know I kind of like that like sort of
like fit proportional look you know what I mean like a nice hard body with a
little itty bitty titty is what you're saying I honestly just don't have that
strong even a pity not it but I'll go with small well obviously you know big
dog I'm going with the biggest puppies of all I'm gonna go flabby floppy floppy
stick in tits flabby floppy sickening tits big old saddlebags horse chowers
horse chowers when you clam chowder sloppy dogs floppy flippin slap dab it on
the on the stomachs call them floppy propellers Susan I'm spitting around what I'm
going with big I need to be a regular I don't know about that we got to go
amongst the net to okay heads or tails is the real question because a surprise
motherfucker it's a street debate I knew it all along never scared of me is
taking on a weird turn all right wait what'd you say tails my dog my nickname
what's going on here heads take that big tiddy whatever your name was I told you
it and I won't say it again my name's Greg that wasn't it at all yeah but now I
changed it cuz you just respected me I forget if big dog this coin even have
tails maybe it is really better flipping it oh shit I just don't want to drop it
okay keep flying into manholes when I do well there you have your answer sorry the
little titties have it today baby oh look I wouldn't take a little to the other
bad little spiky baby little pen it's in a little flat pancake little little
silver dollar daddy are you okay no no now I got I got a back thing it's
affecting my mind I don't I got nothing man I'm pretty crazy myself okay
well this music freaking me out dog just freaking me out big dog big fan it was
an energetic one gosh shit I think this is the cartoon guy from earlier oh wait
no it's his dad alright what you got for me my man
shout out to them bitties for sure he even flip a coin whoa what I was like a
man can you even flip a corn um I'm not good at it I'll give you that I'm saying
you cannot you even doing this thing man what's your problem with it and you do
I mean you can do it why don't you do it if you're so flippy listen my name's my
name is literally flip Bitcoin there's no way really flip Bitcoin my name's
flip it corn legally I'm fucking absolute you challenging me give it a shot I'll
say I'll say take hat you know what we're due for a tells that's not a
relation it's 50 50 every time that's how that works alright flip it going to
here take here's take my coin it's all yours I can keep it and well it back
so I would like it back well check this shit out that's how you do it man look
how many flips I'm getting in it's like I'll we gotta spin it like a rotisserie
there's like a hog on a spindle and then slap it see you could see my eye
contact I was not cheating and motherfucker his tails his fucking tails
god damn it well I can flip a coin but I proved that I could it kind of did it
wrong let's see did it with your hands you were showing the coin to the
camera the whole time it's not a great way to do it man a football field
people would be furious and all about football so much about accuracy and
control and I brought it out showing both today also very against schmuck okay
that seems to be common for cartoons on the stream for some reason a good day to
you sir you've been ousted you've been defeated in the street debate I didn't
even have to play the intense music but now I'm playing it anyway I'm being I'm
being banished by it it stopped very suddenly I've never seen a coin flipper
so expertly well chat is on a side some some members of chatter others are on
flip Bitcoin side okay let's see who else we've got oh my god this is a tough one
to look at let's see what their deal is
time is a construct
hmm
time
time young man
are you a specter here to claim myself
now my name is Linda I'm from Minnesota
Fiona's looking right is that you feel not Linda from Minnesota what you doing later I'm single
me too not me too not me too not I have a wife shoot okay well you gotta miss every
shot you don't fist I'm in the that's fine Linda we don't judge here well the
debate is time is a construct I'm gonna say no it's actually we're using it
right now there's literally a counter on the screen it might be sort of a mental
cage that consciousness has put itself in to understand itself but that means
it's still a useful cage so I'm gonna say yeah it's real
I know for a fact that you can't judge your term by its cover baby show me you
sure you're single no I with a question here is time with construct
yeah in that sense are you even in a relationship because when did it start
never is the answer time is a construct let's go out baby
well you're not can you just take no for an answer that's kind of the night
that's kind of the right thing to do did you say no I thought you said you're
single you're not single you were me too not look heads or tails
well what time is a construct yes so heads heads ah shit
heads has been popular okay spin it that's a bad one I'm getting better at this I
swear haza ah dang it time is a construct shoot but I need it well just
because it's a construct doesn't mean it's not useful right I wouldn't you gotta go
up with me that's good it's good a rui Tuesdays
there's none in the city we've got a goat's too deep to the suburbs
that's not wasn't the deal you actually just lost I lost the debate but I still
have control over my body in my time out of its construct though well but then
you don't either yeah you beat me with time logic
I didn't really but okay okay well I'll be there I'll be there for three days
waiting what yep the peoria ruby Tuesdays I'll just be waiting for three days
just to me it's nothing because time is an illusion
all the way to peoria from where we at why I'll be there just
open invitation Linda's out of here I'm a big fan but
got places to be what's up oh hang out with Chad for a minute
hi I get anxiety getting the uber eats stuff from the front door
I can't tell you why I just do I don't like walking in this
area um or just I don't like I just don't like getting it that's
basically it so I have case do it every
single time actually just kidding I have trip do it every
single time you know I'm saying
now there he goes off in the distance to go grab the food
favorite Disney ride oh my god what a good question
I like the new gardens of the galaxy that was tower of the terror
tower of the terror that was tower terror but I also like Mickey and Minnie's
runaway railway that should so good
handle the wolf love you can count on us at the rebellion
fuck yeah let's fucking go uber eats leaves it at the door here
you know the so this like entire complex is like gated
so you need like a key to get inside and like you could go through the front and
ask but then it gets like really weird you
know so and it's I think it's just easier for uber eats to be like can you
just come out to the front because this complex is like large
you know are you doing oogie boogie bash this year you know I asked
Christian if you guys remember Christian from g4 my social media
partner in crime if you want to go and he said no so we're not going
yeah to the streets I'm doing okay Matt Liddell how are you
more milf man or gossip they're all fighting and I found a Facebook page
of people who are just wanted to talk about milk man or season two
and the entire then like there's like a few cast members who are on that page
just spilling shit ton of like a shit ton of tea in the comments
and I don't know if they're real and I don't know if they're fake but they're
so fun to read it's so great the street lives on is gated
no the street is not gated it's just the complex like you need a key to get
inside you know um I used to live in an open small complex
but like I think this one's a little too confusing for
uber eats people you know have you ever played epic mini
epic mini epic mini geez I can't talk epic
Mickey yeah I have and I heard they're doing like a reboot or something so that's
really excited exciting in case find his stolen bike no and
we're not searching for it also it wasn't entirely the whole bike it was just the
wheel only the wheel was taken which you know what good riddance
you know the wheel was the most important part
you know some might say it's the chain and some might say it's the handle
bars but I think you're completely right I think the wheel
is entirely the most important part 100% because how well unless so the thing is
I it's the back wheel no the front wheel was taken if the front wheel is taken I
think you could just do like a wheelie the entire time only one wheel
so if the front wheel was taken you could do a wheelie the entire fucking time
you know what I'm saying and the bike technically still works if it's the
front wheel you would have to like jerry we're getting away where like the
chain makes the front wheel go and then you could just do a front wheelie the
entire time so technically it would still work you know I'm saying
case doesn't need wheels he doesn't it needs two wheels or it isn't
technically a bicycle that's true but
unicycles don't have handles and a bicycle what differentiates a unicycle
and a bicycle is it just the wheel is it just
the amount of wheels they're all liars your feet can be the chain
how I don't understand that as long as it wasn't the entire bike the wheel
can be replaced yeah but I don't think he's looking to replace the wheel
to your bike it's a gay cycle whoa
by equals two yeah but then if okay let's say you have a
like a bike the unicycle with handlebars does that still make it a
unicycle are there unicycles with handlebars
let me look it up unicycles with handlebars
oh my god there are wait there are guys you gotta look it up because I don't
know how to switch it okay so it does turn his bike into
a unicycle because for some reason I thought you couldn't
necessarily steer unicycles like you know with
these guys that looks a little wrong I'm doing this way
you know it's like punching forward so you know you know his bike is now
unicycle yeah yeah yeah it's wild right but I
don't know how you I think it's almost for balance or something because
there's no way that's helping you turn because I still think you have to use
your like bottom half to like force it you know how
does unicycles actually work it's like this right
you turn you like move like this but it like handlebars make you go like this
so I'm wondering how that works on a unicycle I think we should get one
a unicycle with handlebars they're they're a thing
yeah no do you know how to unicycle he also doesn't know how to unicycle
he knows how to healy do you know how to pogo stick
okay who in chat knows how to pogo stick when I was younger
and by younger I mean when I lived still lived in New York
so that was a long ass time ago I always wanted a motherfucking
pogo stick because my neighbor this punk ass
bitch neighbor he was also my age would like come into
my yard and stomp on my motherfucking snowman and you know what he
and stomp the yard yeah and then like rain would happen he would be like
anyway he had a pogo stick I got so freaking jealous
and I wanted a pogo stick and then my family got one and guess what
they didn't let me get on it they didn't trust me enough even though I was
the athletic one in the family
I'm not like a toy pogo can we get one yeah I don't think they're that hard
no I want to learn how to backflip on one oh you want to get like a serious one
yeah I had the ones where you're like barely going no I want to get I want to
go so high I want to backflip that motherfucker you know what I'm saying
moon shoes oh my god those things were like dangerous
dude moon there's some moon shoes that like did nothing it was just puffs of
air but then there's some moon shoes you're you're like oh my god this is
quality built these moon shoes are taking me to space
okay bye
I'll go get tripped over sorry about that someone was trying to
trim my bush which only I'm allowed to do I know how I like it
pogo stick sub goal okay I'm a little worried about getting one for
Kendall you might flip to her doom but we can update the sub goal we're
going to be getting a higher one because
all of the funds will probably go towards purchasing the pogo stick
let's see how much a pogo stick costs you can get some for 50 bucks
or you can get the fly bar super pogo for kids
adults 14 and up heavy duty oh that's well below cases weight this might be a
Kendall exclusive I don't know if they make case
weighted pogo sticks all right we're gonna
unfortunately have to set the goal at 50 so no pressure
hmm if we want to get a pogo stick that um case can even attempt
the other one might set we get you still so we have okay we'll set the goal at
30 then we'll get Kendall one of the closer like 50
dollar ones this is a Kendall specific pogo stick
uh but we're gonna call this this goal pogo Kendall
we're gonna set it at 50 at 30 all right and this will have to be some sort of
ir l stream at some point maybe just in a parking lot
honestly would work yeah no backflips at least right away
a pogo Kendall will be purchased at 30 the case has informed me that the
blazer has been purchased the golden blazer
that we'll be wearing for some amount of time at least is on the way
from some hopefully non-switch up but maybe from one all right so anyway just
chuck it well let's get through these last couple of opinions and then we will um
keep on trucking today all right sorry one second
oh this is a stately moustache on this fellow
let's see what's going on with them our group chat the
the pogo pop-off will absolutely be hype but i'm pumped for it okay is uh
jabroni the greatest insult of all time or no if not then what's better
the greatest in Kendall what's the greatest insult like quick insult like
one or two words Kendall used butcher's favorite word
which i won't the boys word the the Australian for person
i think it's uh jabroni i think it's more of a general insult
i'm trying to think of what i really like egg egg is pretty fun
hmm chief hey chief oh that's fun it makes you feel like Tony Stark
um i mean i think you're just you could just agree
with me no we've got to come up with something because you think it's jabroni
cabrone can i say that i think that's fine i think it's
just italian cursing i mean mother fucker isn't that the
kind of the classic you mother fucker it's just
kind of gross it's got incest and fucking it you okay
oh there's a fly douche bag is pretty good let me go with mother fucker
well i think you're overlooking jabroni which i think is
both a little more family friendly but also
stings to hear you're a fraud essentially you're a you're a fraud and an easy
mark encompasses a lot of territory so does mother
fucker it's like you'd fuck your mom you piece of
shit mother fucker that's the right way to
spell the propaganda anyway there's only one way to settle this
through the power of street debate call it
in the air what why are you adding that element i don't know let's see if it
works it's seven oh you failed okay try it again
tails oh i'm not sure that's not been working out for people today
all right son of however how it's the gods are really against me today
how many street debates am i gonna lose i don't know
how many are you gonna lose jabroni see it hurts because i know that you mean that
i know that you mean that because you said it's the worst insult
and you're just throwing it at me like it's nothing
it's not it's never nothing i'm a fan but i needed you to feel the sting
jabroni i'm not gonna call you the other one is
it is it feels meaner see that's why i think it's better
you can call me jabroni just gently whizzes past my
past my ear like a wild bee that doesn't sting
but if i call you a mother fucker ouch not jabroni would be the only thing that
would psychologically destroy me and thank you for not calling me one
good day sir i am a fan give me your money you fucking bitch
that's a pretty good one problem that was auto auto modded
well we know the context of that sort of so we'll allow it um
okay this crag i think crag is out here of jd vance's security and he's here
i don't want to die you know what case was out here earlier i'm gonna go get
case if i have to talk to jd i don't want to talk to jd vance
i'm gonna go get case one second i don't want to talk to jd this is a trip
segment it's because i'm visiting trip on the streets
doesn't mean i want to talk to jd vance
why not it's me it's jd also you hired crag he can do two jobs i mean
he thought i was you so he started just following me i'm not actually paying
him i think he's still your security son of a bitch anyway i wanted to talk to
trip who's right here could we cut to trip instead of case
no trip's standing just off to the side holding the mic when he says he
doesn't want to talk to you okay well trip i see you right there but
okay anyway it's jd here i have a strong word to say about the use of jd and jd
vance oh i'm not jd vance you're not jd vance
yeah i tricked you son of a bitch i feel bad mr vance gives us jd's a bad name
i'm so confused that's why you gotta listen to why you gotta
hear people out i'm i'm just i also look like i look even more like him
because i have blue eyes okay fair enough i i see i see where you're coming from i
also get mistaken for him despite having stately dark eyes you mean hollow dead
eyes no stately and dark okay well anyway like jd power and
associates jd roth heard of those of course you have there's plenty of jd's
out there okay oh sorry i thought something fell
can you pay attention sorry somebody dropped something on the streets
anyway uh masters of the maze jd roth the host of the 90s kids name remember that
isn't jd rough jd roth sounds like a bank to me
no it's the host of the master of the maze which is basically great value
legends of the hidden temple anyways i think there needs to be a better
examples of jd's in the world besides mr vance i'm gonna go play just dance
you see you see what i did there jesus dressed it's the
yeah my name's not jd i just look like the guy so that must be extra hard if your
name is jd jd you literally thought i was jd vance that's how hard it is for me
well you look just like i don't really see it honestly
i don't see it i mean i'm just relieved to be on camera with someone who looks
less like i look less like him than you do well my point is there's plenty of
jd's out there that aren't him i'm not stop confusing me for him just because
my name is jd jd and i have a security guard following me around
who thinks i'm jd vance not my fault i'm not jd vance i'm jd jd my middle name is
vance but i don't go by that and also that my name would be vance jd
and i it's just unfortunate i don't use my i've never used my middle name for
anything technically if you use my first name it's jd
vance yeah but my first name is jd my last name is jd jd vance jd
but you don't need to use the middle name okay i get it okay
are we debating no no there's no debate here okay well i'm gonna go
trip i wanted to talk to you about this because i didn't think case would be
receptive and he's i don't know how he's even out here but that's
fine that's fine i'm a fan i thought it was jd vance
apologies it was jd jd i can see why people would get confused
secret service has to be hiring jd vance body doubles great opportunity
you'd think he weren't so against being a jd associated with that jd
jd power and associates did he say that one he might have said that one
okay well let's get another person out here what the hell crag is back again
crag what do you want this time i dare you to apologize for getting so
confused which is better gondemur holtron
oh you just wanted it you just had a thought
he's better probably gondem no you're a vulture on a guy you know
yeah i like vulture i like vulture a lot he's a cat he's a cat
but made of five kitties he's five kitties he's a robot
the real answer is robot tech well it wasn't on the wasn't in the multiple
choice i had to go with what i had and i i i chose gondam
just feel like it's a more voluminous series as far as i know
vulture on didn't make maybe the lore of ultron is deeper than i know i've seen
more gondem i do have bias here of the recency bias of having at one point seen
gondem and never really watching vulture okay well street debate it is heads or
tails
heads or tails uh fine i'll say heads whoa
haha all right oh my god this is insane this is insane i cannot win
i cannot it's like i'm defeating myself i win
you win you freaking did it
i'm a big fan gurren laga yeah that's a great one too
also a shorter one though as far as i know maybe the manga goes longer but the
anime is what like one or two seasons am i crazy for saying it
i never know there's too much media out there i can't keep it all straight
hmm all right let's do two more i think this is the
graced by one of the most important things of all today
the sun which is better
anime smart or real people smart they are good morning
damn the whole sun right in front of me i gotta debate the sun
well maybe we agree everybody posing this is a question but maybe we agree anime
smart no incorrect real people
smart is superior there's more noises there's more angles
anime takes too much time meaners get two people in a room
have them smudded out it's easy real people spot scares you yeah well i guess
i associate smut often more with like comics and novels but
i guess what's real people smut like a uh soap opera
no it's when you force two people to worship you because you are the sun
and then you make them do horny stuff that they want to
because they love each other and you by the power of the sun
huh okay let's flip for it heads or tails oh
heads heads for sure okay well heads it is
oh my god i'm getting better at flipping but i'm not getting any better at
winning you fucking get me again well i am the sun
so it makes sense i control the earth and gravity
is that how that works you control the earth and gravity
yep well take that newton it's a it's me it's the sun with a face on it
that controls all of physics yep yep yeah scary when its voice goes down
yeah i can i've got a move there's a lot to get to okay i am the sun i'm a big
great love that for the sun um all right let's see who else
the frick oh great i think it's the son's boyfriend
what you want buddy yes i can tell that you're the moon
mm-hmm does the jd does the j and jd vans stand for jabroni
does the j and jd vans stand for jabroni well first of all somebody asked how tall
he is how tall is jd because i'm just gonna google both these
things right away how tall is jd vans he is
five seven so he's shorter than case okay that's not my question
and um what does the j in jd vans stand for james
wait no what the hell does it stand for
is born james donald bowman oh this is the d stands for donald just like trump
trump doesn't stand for donald oh isn't he john donald j trump oh so anyway no no i
think it does though actually that does sound right i think the j you know what i
think this article is wrong i think it does stand for jabroni so we agree
yeah i guess for once we agree so i guess we have to
debate against the universe i hope we win me too i guess call it moon
you ate my street coin sorry it was huge the size of the moon
you're lucky that i have another one i'd want
i'd want behind your ear oh are you even really
are you are you even really eating it maybe it's just a moon magic
or maybe i'm just an insane man named clearance in a moon mask i'm a huge fan
then i'll choose to believe he's the moon all right everybody that's all the
time we have on these streets only three hours of debate left
mind-bending soul rattling power debates for three straight hours halfway there
more than halfway there and i halfway care because i care to stay on the streets
i won't be leaving them you can summon me again if you like
but it'll just get more street debates out of me i refuse to go into a house i
refuse to be anywhere but this park which is the streets and i love the
streets and i also love the park and i'll see you soon bye bye
we're getting there okay i still need to use the webs
not sure how we make that a debate but we'll figure it out damn it
we'll see what debates are sparked from the videos but first we need to send it
to jeb i also don't know how jeb's gonna be a debate
thing but maybe he'll just debate his dad
on stuff either way let's let's turn things down a
little bit and just do a little gentle how-to here's jeb
well hey everybody great to see you again
we're back to learn how to maybe to learn how to debate
i guess to debate my dad yeah sure whatever
oh my god the water's getting crazier every day
yes it's getting busier in here i can feel the wood bearing down on me
like a swarm of woodflies my god who's the better son jeb or jet
oh my son jet oh jet he learns so quickly he can do anything
yep jets are real quick learner that's true i miss him in his family and his
wife so successful in love marriage and career
yep jets doing great and still finds time to travel the world that's great for
him and it feels like he can do anything well it's just not really
right to debate who's a better son
i guess for the devil's advocate i could choose jet
and you could choose jeb well i feel like i was already talking about jeb so
maybe i'll just say jet i'll say jet i'll so maybe i'll
to say jet jet's such a cool guy
yep he's cool but i think i'm a pretty good son too
so on the count of three we'll just say who's a better son
one two three jet debate what oh my god i'm in the wood
oh he forgot he forgot what's happening i'm in the wood
jeb yep you are it's okay oh jet is it oh i forgot you can see chat in the
spectral plane i'm thinking about jet again
fuck you remembered now oh jet's such a good boy
learned so many skills so quickly okay well
we didn't have time to debate this we have to learn some how-to's
and then somehow make those debates
you know what there's some good submissions but just to help myself out
we're going to be debating i'm just going to go to youtube and real quick type
in how-to debate because you know i just i don't do it that often
i bet there's some really this is a public conversation
this is uh from big think and they're thinking big because they have a guy
in front of a little sheet this is harvard's debate king or something i
don't know let's learn how to do this not how to be like jet
i'm sure jet can already debate really well he's very good at
so good at everything but let's see what this guy has to tell us
patients are in a state of crisis they're stuck
it's people fully convinced of their views shouting at each other from a distance
oh no one of the reasons why we find it so difficult
is i believe because the skills of good argument
have been atrophying for some time we no longer view argument as something to be
worked at rather we see it as something we jump into out of
instinct or defensiveness that'd be crazy a way to approach arguing just to
argue over anything just to win seemingly
pointless endless arguments about nothing like that sounds like a fate
worse than death glad that this guy's here to set
us straight the bad arguments that was well his
glasses do rule no debate there also his skin is so smooth
my gosh that's a smooth really square top of the head
so angular am i falling in love sorry let's keep learning
result decrease our confidence in what disagreements can do for us
so the quality of the conversation further degrades
i think we need to restore confidence and faith in what
disagreements can be and to highlight its potential as a source for good as well
as a source for help okay but how do i debate so i'm a two-time world
debate champion a former coach of the australian and
harvard debate teams oh i am the author of good arguments
how do i do it how do i do it bo
oh it was a cool name too love of debate is inextricably tied to a life that i've
led of always moving countries i had to move from south korea to australia
as an eight-year-old without really speaking english
wow and i quickly found the hardest part of
crossing language lines of cultural lines was
disagreements where people tend to be more disruptive to interrupt to speed up
and slow down in response to all that i resolved to
be very agreeable in the way in which i presented at school and to
keep my thoughts to myself oh my gosh i relate to this guy
the thing that changed that was i joined the debate team
of the strength of one promise which was that in debate
when one person speaks no one else does okay wait here's my only issue
he's not telling me how to do it intelligence first wisdom i'm gonna
skip to there ability to respond to any argument
wisdom lies in knowing which arguments to respond to and which parts of an
argument to respond to okay got it
work cliff noting this a little bit the riser framework
one of the frameworks that i developed in order to pick my fights
more wisely is called the riser framework
rizza all the reason launching into a disagreement or challenging a claim
ask four things first whether the disagreement is in fact
real as opposed to a misunderstanding second is to ask whether it's important
enough to you to justify the disagreement real important the third is to
ask whether the topic of disagreement is specific enough
okay for you to make some progress okay fourth is to ask
whether you and the other person engaged in the disagreement
are aligned in your objectives for wanting to partake in that conversation
all right checking off on these four lists
you can't guarantee that a conversation is going to go well
but you may be able to give it the best possible chance five is to have riz
that's our secret sauce that he doesn't even have
that's what gives us an x factor here like this guy has it
he's got the ridge so he's probably already having a good debate of doing
so well look at that look one of the limitations of the
riser framework that i worry about is that it is
increasingly difficult to find the right kind of alignment
in people's interest for wanting to engage in a disagreement
so if you have two sides that simply want to hurt one another's feelings
that's some kind of alignment but not the right kind that leads to productive
conversations oh oops
so one place where you might be able to apply the risk of framework
is getting together with extended family for
thanksgiving or christmas and knowing that
some of the personal or political disagreements are gonna
bubble up to the surface or if you just walk into your wood shop and
spend a full day talking to your dad trapped in some wood
this could be useful for that too there is a framework provides
two sources of help in that situation the first is
that every disagreement should start with a little bit of
agreement and that is often naming exactly what it is that you disagree
about so that it doesn't bubble up into
all the different areas in which you don't see eye to eye
what was it again real important specific
and aligned so this is somehow related to real
is to name the disagreement in front of you
the second thing is to check well why do you want to engage in this disagreement
and can we come to an agreement about what it is that we're hoping to get out
of this conversation these are different steps
the slightly quarrelsome family member who just wants to be a contrarian or to cause
trouble to say are you really in this hoping to persuade me to change my mind
that bit of negotiation of why it is that we're in the conversation in the first
instance can often allow our conversations to go
better than if we just jump into the disagreements without
this is really good advice the next time you're at the dinner table
with your uncle and he says something insane about border crossings
just say hey are you even really trying to convince me
is what you're saying real important or specific and are we aligned
and i bet he'll just stop he'll definitely stop talking and it'll go
great
it allows us to almost make a contract with the other side
this is what we're disagreeing about and these are the reasons why we're engaging
in that dispute and one of the things that you can do
with someone who tries to break those rules to expand the
debate into something it wasn't about to change the topic
okay let's talk about weak versus strong arguments
one of the great lessons of debate is in order to be heard
you have to first listen oh really we're used to thinking about listening
as an essentially passive act oh i'm good at that actually back in our chairs
and take it all in oh i can be really past that
it's a much more active process than that oh what there are two lessons that we
can take away from how debaters listen and to try and
apply it in our own lives the first is it is in your best
interest to understand the opposition's argument
as they would understand it's not in your best interest to
twist their meaning or to take it at its worst or to
capture only a fraction of it because they won't feel okay i get it listen or
whatever yeah that's fine let's skip to sidesteping
is an exercise in certainty it's about spending
sometimes weeks researching your side of the case coming up with the best
possible argument oh side switching i don't want to do that i want to win
and i want them to agree with me and tell me i'm right and i'm special
i don't know maybe harvard learning isn't all cracked up too i i don't feel like i
learned much about debating at all but i guess i haven't tried it i gotta try
risaing um daddy i am your best son and i
and i think i'm better son than jet oh well i disagree
i love you both thinking thinking about jet i also
i really love him too wow what a kid he is
just for the sake of argument you could say he's the best kid
oh there we disagree i think i'm the best kid daddy i keep
you safe in the wood oh my god i'm in the wood yeah and it's fine
okay so is the argument real am i a better son than jet
is that real no you're not um but i really think i am okay and then is it
important yeah when my daddy needs to tell me i'm special
well i mean son you're an adult you shouldn't need that at this point
so you're disagreeing that it's important
i mean it's definitely specific it's just me and jet yeah that's pretty specific
are we aligned because you don't agree that it's important
well i just think you you need confidence in yourself son
you don't need validation from me your dad who's oh my god i'm trapped in the
wood yeah you are skimer thank you so much for the shop
thank you for the for the gift uh gifted shop to jet
shoot oh good jeb sub that means he can watch you and maybe love some notes he
could probably really help i don't need notes from jet
we're not aligned and what are our goals for this conversation
i want you to say that i'm special you are special oh i am
yeah you're my special son look you've got all sorts of unique little quirks
that jet that jet doesn't have like you like to try to mouth along to be talking that's weird
oh there's a little odd but that's fun son you're just different
you're really really different way different than jet who's really great at so many things
and really special and you're different oh i'm even more different than jet
in a way that makes me the most special yeah you're definitely way different okay
well that's the power of debate we got what i wanted he said i'm special
okay and you might have glossed over some of the stuff about
developing confidence yourself i'm special yeah yeah yeah different okay how did dad get
trapped in there we don't need to look at into that what oh god how did i get in here no it's
fine you just are oh that's great you're good oh okay well anyway let's do a different how to
you guys submitted some vocal lessons this is good
where's the most riz jabber jet well jet yeah that's jet for sure i mean jet's a rich king
absolute rizzler the rizzler is on the loose and all the rizzles are solved by him because he's
got that much riz he's a he's a riz machine i'm just not even there's no point there's no point
debating it or me even trying to nope yeah you just got to take the L there yeah i really do okay well
let's learn how to uh sing and then maybe we'll figure out who's better at singing me or my dad in
the wood oh my god i sing in the wood you would have to you're in there that makes sense okay let's see
innovator and improviser whoa yeah okay my name is bobby mcferrin my name is bobby mcferrin
my name is bobby mcferrin my name is bobby mcferrin my name is bobby mcferrin
what's happening feels like i'm watching case
yeah and this is how i do what i do first off uh if you know the difference between a chest voice
that's the chest voice that i'm speaking in right now and then there's the head voice like oh the
head voice this is my head voice and this is my chest voice and this is my normal beautiful voice
okay this so if you can learn how to go back and forth between the two like that then you've got
a pretty good start back and forth between the two like that i'm doing it uh the other thing is uh
having a flexible tongue is very important so that i can get the notes out
it'd uh and Say petit
did you know the flexibility to do stuff like that
and the third thing is you open up your mouth and you go commit yourself for singing for 10 minutes
without stopping and see what happens. Whoa no. Wait a minute is that singing? He's playing his chest
like a drum. That's not singing, that's percussion. Neenee so whatever for 10 minutes
make sure that you don't stop, just keep going because the whole idea behind improvisation
is simply motion, it's just the courage to keep going so set a timer for 10 minutes,
Practice singing in tenths
We're getting there blah like that and and that's basically it
But it but it but it we
Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you
She's singing or is he having a mental breakdown?
It's a little bit of both
Anyway, oh he's scatting
Yeah
I'm a little bit of a mental breakdown aka scatting
I
See who can scat better daddy
I mean it was that good is it can you scat good
I don't think either of us are winning son
I think we just both have to take the L again
Well, it was a debate though. It just wasn't a debate that worked
The wood really highlights his dulcet tones
Hard to compete with the resonance of the wood
Oh my Scrabba-do-boop-bow I'm in the woods squabbin a what?
You're in the wood, but it's Dibble a da-ba-da fine
Okay, well that's how you scat I
Think we'll say that's good for now. We'll come back
We learned how to debate take notes case. That's how it's done
You just call the RZA and then you just on the ass with your debate
Riz
And also ask him if what you're saying is important or something
It was really mostly got it and I'd say one reason we got it is that actually you're never too old to learn a new trick
I'll see you later. It was face killer in the wood
Is he in the wood?
Whoa
Oh
Damn, but you get up there jack
Skimmer just my ma jam 300 shiny tasty coins and I've been dying to say this that button you've to bop bop
Be bop bo bo mosquito at the up today
That's beautiful
Just keep them in the race keep them in look how funny is
Squibby leba bow. We just need a you just need a slammin and jammin Biden
That's all we need
Thank you so much for the 300 bits gamer
Thinking for the gifted sub earlier
We are
Over five hours in now
We're in the strike zone. We're in the
Home stretch ish sort of more or less. I can't wait. We've done this for 24 hours several times not this specifically
I guess I did this for 24 hours once but not all debates
Let's send it back to Munch and crumb
They've honestly had to work less today than I thought they would
So let's make them do some stuff
Then we'll hit up the nets
Yep
Here they are
For run through more hot debates. It's much crumb actually. I'm the best son. Jeb me
Defeating both jet and Jeb
My power blame Papito. No blame case. He just has all these other segments even though it's our debate day. I
Mean I
Sorry what the hell I think we're still doing a fair amount
I mean we've already we've worked through more debates than we usually do in like two weeks already. So
You know, we're doing something. Oh, we just have to go to the movies
We'll do that before the next because that was I think selected first from we have a lot of debates up
so maybe we can
Cut the chit chat mofo
Gibrone
And get down to business
Kind of talk you listen that scat man, and I think you're cool a squabby
No, I bleed about a bit of a
Yeah, I can skate I can skate daddy scat all over you daddy. Oh
Sketch catch catch catch catch catch quibble the blop blop blop blop blop
Just can we minus a couple points from him?
Seems fair, right?
Look how many jets I have you've been cheating with the jets
I'm still unclear on what there's something wrong with it still you cheat that number
But it's not the number the number the matters is up top big daddy
Big stop calling me dad. I didn't I meant to call you daddy. Oh, and I got confused
I did see him swap shift the fucking skin walker
Can't help it if I got a malleable face. Oh, we got a debate demanded when getting dental work done
Is it better to get gold teeth or overpriced porcelain that chips away?
Sort of depends on your
You know how liquid you are with the funds I'd say a little bit
But I'm I gotta go with us big money players. We love the porcelain teeth
It's kind of a flex when you just smash your teeth all over like a burger
That's why they call it smash burgers actually all the big LA players they go and they smash their teeth against the burgers
Chip that porcelain away you leave looking like a fucking grandpa, but also looking like a million bucks
No, that's correct. I would say
Well, both are expensive in this case the other one's gold
Yeah, but you want the you want your teeth chipping is actually a sign of affluence because it shows you can afford to get new
teeth so I'm saying get like the
really
breakable porcelain teeth and
Also, you know, they look more like real teeth
Otherwise you need to be a rapper to have gold teeth and pull it off
You don't need to be a rapper to have gold teeth. You could also be a pirate
If there's not like classic pirates it fine, you can have gold teeth. I'm taking expensive ass porcelain the finest
You know the finest like
The finest dining teeth like incredibly luxury cups and plates
Okay, well if we don't have a mind that might be making this pole it's
Expensive porcelain teeth versus gold teeth. I think I would prefer to be a rapper or a pirate over some
Status of chest buffoon smashing my teeth against every chestnut that I devour
Why are you devouring chestnuts roasted chestnuts? It's not just for Christmas
It's also for breakfast lunch and dinner depending on how many chestnuts beluya made
Has anyone eaten a chestnut? This is like 1616 hundreds. What's wrong with you people eat chestnuts all the time
Probably a number of dishes without you even realizing it
But I'm un surprised to hear that you're
Uncurious about what what's on your plate or going into your body. What the heck? Oh, sorry. We are starting
Look, you want realistic looking teeth in a your average situation
You don't want to be what rockin a fucking grill even a lot of rappers they rock a grill not a gold tooth
Shit they can take out for like they got to go to court or like meet their girlfriend's parents or whatever the fuck you got to do
That's more normal than rapping
rapping is plenty normal you could rap at your parents or your girlfriend's parents or add a judge you can't rap at a judge I
Bet some lawyers if they wrapped at a judge
They could get the other clients out of a lot of trouble because they'd be confused by the flow the judge would you could
Sneak all sorts of ad homin and argument chin what we're talking about teeth
Oh, yeah, sorry look pirates are cool and they got gold teeth one piece. Luffy big dog
What's wrong? Why do we say big dog today? I don't know that that one guy had kind of a vibe to him. It's stuck in my head now
Gold is easier to spell. Yeah, but you can call them
Pt p teeth no g teeth is cooler than pt a gold is just cooler all around you're rocking that classic
No, you can have shiny ass porcelain teeth incredibly fragile
You even misplace your spoon by like a fraction of a millimeter
You will smash all those teeth to bits as soon as you bite into a soft cookie
You lose at least two you got to have a dentist with you on retainer at all times to shove more teeth into your mouth
Just so you can finish a soup the ultimate status symbol the world's most expensive most fragile porcelain teeth the real players know
What's up?
Understand all you fake friends in chat the ones that don't support the munch train that aren't munching on victory. Yeah, I'm still turning heel
Only on the people who disagree with you the best way to turn heel all you people that don't understand
What a real sensual and powerful man looks like don't understand that you want the most fragile
Influxable easily shatterable porcelain teeth in your fly player mouth get those real teeth knocked out
Just to show how big of a player you are
Look a lot of people in chat get it the ones who don't sorry miss me with that shit fine
Fine fine. I don't need
You people that disagree with me you got to stop saying you people in it's it's it always sounds bad
It's a literally what bad guys say
It's the number one way to be a bad guy. Why are you doing? You're just gonna
You're gonna make it impossible for me not to win
Which actually sounds fine keep it up
FF
I'm saying the people that the you people that disagree with me. I just don't know why you're doing this to yourself
That's not got to teach chat a lesson. I'll be in sometimes. I got to be the bad guy to be the good guy
Sometimes I got to be the bad guy to beat the bad guy cuz you're the bad guy
But I'd say I'm actually solid fucking go
I've been scattin for years daddy. Oh
The wolf side with a bunch exactly
You wolves in chat that are hungry for fucking success to devour the flesh that is brilliant
Yeah, you back on my side. I'm talking to the fucking wolves in chat
You want to be a millionaire tomorrow get on my fucking side
You want to have big money player teeth that crack in a cracker your twisted tails? Yeah, you do
You say I'm Leonard Crumb
I
Don't say that in private. I think I'm shitting on the street, but I only in the what it was the the
Kendrick sense
Wet ass
Why is it called why is wet ass pussy called wow shouldn't it be web
Is it web
People call the show
Wet ass pores
Yeah, you do those things are fucking
Lagoon's in your face just full of nasty ass pizza sauce
I don't have pizza sauce pours. Yeah, you got the fucking pizza grease
That one that went with pizza places by by grease to put on extra grease pizzas which is the thing for some reason
They have to calm much enough and rub his fucking greasy ass face all over the pepperoni
Cracker teeth. Oh, was that an accidental slur? No, I said crack your teeth and some crackers literal crackers like you know fucking crackers
I'm not talking about
Kind of crackers you actually want to eat
Man what ass pizza that's why
We got porcelain that's what you got to get in your
What you got to get in your mouth?
How come your teeth are cracking right now if you're such a fan?
I know that oh, I have my like debating teeth so I can grit my teeth
But if I'm out and trying to flex obviously I put in the weakest teeth possible
You know, I'm getting my teeth switched in and out on that kind of player
On that big teeth player switching the teeth in and out depending on the mood
Impressing women left and right
Dialining just the right amount of shine to these
Teeth so fake they reel
To
Claiming those aren't your real teeth. I mean obviously have the strongest realest teeth around
I'm just saying I'm also a huge player that has incredibly weak shatterable teeth
It makes sense. It doesn't it does not but
What about white gold teeth real genuine orphan teeth?
Well, that's look the different standard different times obviously back in the day
The real flex was having the freshest orphan teeth around but
You can't make children work tell their teeth fall out is a thing that people love to say in the 1800s
and I guess it caught on because
You're lucky to find like three orphan teeth now at your average orthodontist for the stars
tell the tooth
He's telling on himself. He's basically advocating for the
Forced tooth removal of orphans not forced they used to work until their teeth would fall out
And then their benign lord who had contracted them to work 17 hours
per 10 hours
Would you know just pick the teeth up slot them into his head go about his business
It's gonna leave some perfectly good orphan teeth on the floor
I'm just saying that's how business used to work and
The the times change we can't judge the past by the standards of today
Okay, well, maybe we can go with a slightly less insane
Topic
You're not that anyone was talking about orphan teeth chat brought it up the wolves in chat. They know they know what's up
They love the orphan teeth the wolves do add options now
Would you prefer how do you prefer your orphan meat?
Look, this is another this is an old you can't have these kind of debates anymore
You're gonna get us in trouble chat obviously back in the day orphan was one of the most
Sawed after delicacies. Jesus. You're really just talking about eating kids
That's what that you're just talking about eating kids
It's just orphan meat. It's not necessarily kid me you can be an adult orphan
Since when look technically if you don't have my my parents are long dead. They weren't immortal like me
So technically I'm an orphan
So you could this is more just a cannibal question and cannibal has been a theme today
That's true cannibal has been a theme
cannibal is on the mind of chat for some reason
I suppose if it's hypothetical and the orphans are adult it's all it's it's better if they're adult
It is better if they're adult
I'd say very old if they're in their 60s it's slightly but at least they've lived a life
before becoming
a treat for some disgusting cannibal
hypothetical
In my head British lord
No, that's right the ancient British lords would devour cannibal meat
And we'll say it was adult cannibal meat. Wow the votes are really wrong
Tender and mild just like Jesus
Who said that?
Who said that Greg to you?
You know how they liked it back then they love their their orphan meat tender and mild just like Jesus
That's how they used to order it you'd go into like a gentleman's club in london in the 1600s
And they'd say I want my orphan meat tender and mild just like Jesus
That's
Your British voice. Yeah, I have a flawless British accent. Tender and mild just like Jesus
That's the best act that's the best act anyone can do that's how they sounded
period accurate
Anyway tender and mild one as it did back in the day, this is all a false history. You're just as usual
Shading the first thing that comes to your mind lying and spreading misinformation incredibly responsible
And you should be ashamed of yourself and stop and yet i'm still talking and you can't stop me from stopping not stopping
Check me one more. Let's do one more. Shit
Made mine fall out too
Me so soup spoon versus outback steakhouse knife. I'd say we go with that one. Hmm steakhouse knife though
Me so soup spoon
Great obviously nice thick spoon with with a wonderful bend but out had out about steak outback steakhouse knife
Somehow perfect for spreading butter and cutting
the most
loin filled steaks
a true
Tool for any occasion you got to go with the steakhouse knife
Well, and I honestly think a solid spoon is always preferable to a knife
Just a real nice spoon
When I do think the top spoon is probably the me so soup spoon
So we don't have a mind that might be making that pole a spoonie knife
Not on the list today. Oh back steakhouse knife. It's and you know exactly that's the sign that it's better. I'll save it for the debate, but
You could defend yourself and your family with that knife. Good luck with the me so soup spoon exactly
I'll be so soup spoon in the right hand though. I'm so soup spoon
Me so soup spoon
me so soup spoon
whoa
You had another reason why it's incredible
do do do
Oh, yeah, I never figured out why we can't make polls
But maybe I can do that real quick in case the mod are taking a break
Hmm
Oh, I don't want to
Oh, no, they're back, but I do have it open now for the future
What what oh, yeah, outback steakhouse knife. Um
It speaks for itself
Really? No, I'm just kidding. I got a lot of shit to say look it's serrated
Meaning it's great for cutting bread, but it's sharp
It's sharp serrated meaning that it can cut through some really gamey ass steak because of course you at outback
The filet mignon there is a classic. It's actually a very smooth meat
But you know some of your outback steakhouse steaks got a lot of gristle to them, you know, it's like uh
It's like cutting through jeb's dad, you know, it's like sometimes like your fucking hacksaw ridging that wood, baby
Outback steakhouse knife can handle it all it can cut through chicken
It can cut through salad
It can cut through butter if you're careful with it
You can even cut through the outback bread without smushing it down to like
A pancake bread keep it nice and blooming like the onion which it can also cut
It's a fucking slap chop add on your table. It can cut through anything
Good luck cutting jack shit with a miso soup spoon. It's barely cutting through the soup
Well, it sinks into the soup perfectly
elegantly resting against the bowl
It's beauty and function combined a lovely
dare I say feminine
shape to the nape of the spoon a beautiful symphony of liquids
delicately caressing your lips as you tongue down the delicious concoction of the salty
yellowish
Broja that is miso maybe collecting a few fragments of tofu in your gullet as you
Slurpy blurp it down from that beautiful spoony
This is unacceptable. It's unacceptable that you're allowing him to win while he says stuff like that
That's insane chat, but they can't deny the beauty of that nape and that's why we're spoon daddies today
Miso soupy
Yes, please check please. You're burnt. I win
What a surprise I'm just racking up the fucking wins
Uh, why don't you roll over onto your side and I'll saddle up behind you because I'm spooning my way to the championship today, daddy
Oh
I've challenged the status quo and exposed. He's an idol. He's got suck an idol animation. What's happening?
Prepare for a ride the truth will shine. That's my creed
You burden me with your questions. He's like a shopkeeper. That's definitely a fucking creep
You shake fucking your twisted tails just moral winding up. What the hell is going on?
I'm Leonard crumb. We believe you the things you say
You're twisted tails just give you what I mean you can't handle winning this much
You're gonna break his brain chat
You're giving him fucking early onset dementia because he's not designed to be a champion
He's gonna crack under the pressure. He already is
Where
Why are you shut a bunch of stuff and I don't
I don't have a weird he's gator idol like like a gator in a lake. He's just fucking doing this
This is not oh, he stopped. I'm fine. What the hell was that man? I was just chilling. I just straight chilling for a minute
You're crumb believable. Oh
You're crumb believable
That's not chilling. Whatever you were doing was not chilling. I am mentally astute and good to go
Oh shoot another debate has been demanded
Give me the rolling and keep the winds coming
Spread the wind the winds on me
Come on with the winds come all over me with those winds come on over to the winds. What was that in the middle there? What?
What'd you say for a second there? I just came come on. Let's win stuff like that
God damn it stop idling. No, I'm just chilling. I'm just straight chilling. I'm not idling out for me
You're crumb believable
You see what I did at the end there. I said come on let's win. Come on team
It's well the supporters and chat the people who I respected by are in love not a bunch of wolves
I'm not pitting the chat
Wolves versus my enemies like some people. Yeah, there's wolves in the chat
They understand we're biding our time. We're in the grass
Letting the gazelle build up a false sense of security, but those wolves will pounce
Meanwhile you people who disagree with me your wolf dinner
It's the wolves versus you people
That's just how it is
That sounds it's increasingly sounding somehow racist
So just so you know that's how that sounds no you people is just my enemies
It could be any people if anything it's incredibly egalitarian meanwhile. I'm on the side of the wolves
You wolves are incredible you people shouldn't turn against me
There's two wolves inside all of us and in munch. There's just
A sickness two sicknesses and both are terminal
Wolves in the chat in the back. Yeah, the wolf thing out in the back
They hand the back of the den back of the wolf den one of the coolest places you could be the back of a wolf den
Come on. Okay. Anyway, when cuddling would you rather be the big spoon or the little spoon? Obviously big spoon
No, you're just that's your just insecure. You're just a classic insecure man
Uncomfortable with the sense of security you get from being the little spoon which I will gladly
Defend the sanctity of the little spoon
I mean the misho soup spoon is pretty big
But can you imagine a second little spoon in a misho soup spoon how safe and comfortable it would feel
Bathing in the warmth niche of the soup and the tofu
Little green onion
Why did crumbs say terminal because he's a now because he's secretly awful
Unsecretly the wolves get it
And those wolves are on a fucking reverie baby. Yeah, I see you
That's the kind of wolf I'm talking about. I don't have no idea for every wolf supports you
And it's up to their discretion for the record
Unlike some people I don't take it personally
When people don't side with me it's a debate show it's meant for healthy debate
It becomes chic some could say terminally ill because of some people
You keep saying terminal you literally say that I should die
Have said that yeah, but have I said that recently?
That's recency bias that you're saying I say oh, sorry. Look, um big spoon
Obviously, it's power position. You also feel safe as the big spoon
You feel like the powerful bear protecting the little spoon
There's nothing wrong with being a little spoon every big spoon needs a little spoon
It just feels better to be the big spoon
And if you're a good enough big spoon, I'm sure it feels incredible to be the little spoon
I'm just such a big spoon. I could never know the feeling of being a little spoon
Even if someone tried to big spoon me
Time and space would warp around my body
They would get kind of parallaxed around me and they would find themselves as the little spoon
And they would accept it immediately because I would make them feel so good because I'm that good at being a big spoon
I guess the reason you probably don't accept that a little spoon is
Is is is not as solid is because you just have never been that good of a big spoon
Meanwhile, I'm probably the ultimate big spoon. Thus, I understand the incredible sense of satisfaction you get from protecting the little spoon
No, who's idling no, I was just you didn't see it, but I was doing my caresses
The camera wasn't in the right position, but I was I was feeling the desk in a way that made the desk feel incredibly safe and secure
I'm just that good of a big spoon
well, look, uh
Of course munch is an insecure man. He doesn't understand the lovely feeling after a
Rockest session of coyness with your beautiful red-headed
Lady love maybe a little bit of a gray fox nowadays, but I still see her in her
With luminous auburn glory the feeling of a hard pounding session ending in absolute exhaustion
You both roll onto whichever side just happens to fall and maybe you're the big spoon
Maybe you're the little spoon, but I'll tell you this if you're the little spoon
The feeling of the ample bosom of your beautiful bride on your back as she caresses your chest air
Is a feeling that I'm sad to say you're too insecure to experience
Like a beautiful enveloping goddess
gripping the body of the man that she has absolutely set to the stars
It's an incredible feeling and that's why we're uh, oh, okay, I guess
I guess I
I thought I was up on that one, but that's okay
Maybe a little too personal
Well, you're not gonna steal my fucking son, baby. I win. Oh
Oh, I never lose now. I'm crumb. I can't lose or whatever
It's all it should be it's all it should be
Boom the wolves in chat. I just I told you we make you feel so safe
Oh, this man's crazy. He's a sense of fence to stuff. He hates people
I always call him a half a chat you people is that was that racist is that bad?
No, the wolves in chat tricked you and now we've got you clump around the neck
That's killing you with our powerful jaws
You know
That's how that looks. What the fuck is that?
Is that the wolf the hand is your wolf? Yeah, then it comes in for the jaw real hard
Why do you make a turkey noise? Well because the new people is actually turkeys your supporters are little turkey people
We're the powerful wolves hiding in the bushes. We lure you with a sense of security by letting you win
So that you taste better you've been ripened up by feeling secure in yourself
Which you never actually should have
Your your the proper state for you is constant insecurity and fear
Because you feel comfortable even a second it made your meat all the more delicious at cham cham cham we go
straight to the neck
Why did it go straight to the neck and also it's taking too long?
Wouldn't they already be dead biting like snap, right?
No, you bite the wolf bites the neck for a while and the turkey's like
And then eventually we don't we finish them off, but maybe we go back to bush for a bit ripening you up some more
I'm so confused
Yeah, so why shouldn't your teeth be shattering because they're porcelain teeth because you think that's some kind of status symbol
Yeah, obviously we're wolves with fragile porcelain teeth
Which is part of the fun like we're gumming you with our powerful wolf jaws as our teeth just
Shattered beautiful spectacular sparks of porcelain
The poetry of combat
Wolf combat
I feel like I'm getting sick from listening to you. So why don't we take a little break? I mean ditto
Backs backsies backsies while back at you's
Maybe we both need a break
This is me as the big spoon you hover as the big spoon sometimes you hover
behind
Still here
Still keeping you safe
Right. Well, what you're doing is actually you're just straight chilling. That's the thing you're doing you're straight chilling
No, you don't just hover when you're straight children chilling you hover when you're trying to make your little spoon feel safe
Let's send it back to case
I think we have to go around the net and we have to go to the movies and somehow all of that has to be a debate
For some reason
Uh, and I'll do the outros here. Thank you very much. Uh, that's all the time we have for now
We'll be back probably in like 15 minutes
I'll probably go like
I don't know and press somebody or someone how smart I am during the break or something something
I'll do something cool. It's a bad example. I'll be doing something cool though, and he'll be probably like pooping again
Just know he's pooping and I'm doing something cool. You got it. I will be back
I think a little wait did the big spoons get it? The big spoons did get it
The rare munch win
This strategy of trying to turn heel might not pay off
Maybe just needs to come in
Okay, looks like the crumb planes are working at last. I think that moved the score up appropriately
Okay, uh, we're gonna go to the movies now
we'll
Still do debates, but we'll also watch trawlers. Yeah, you know, it's a different stream. I swear
At least it's a longer stream. We have two hours and 25 minutes left
Uh, so there's plenty more to come the length of one of my usual streams left
For now, let's go to Trent at the movies
boom
working late nights
I mean, that's like, obviously I have a fucking busy ass
Uh, Saturdays so like I had to leave a party and I'll be going back to one
But like I always got a little time for the movies
And I guess technically also have a little time for like the mandatory community service that I have to do
totally randomly whenever case says
What the fuck
Sorry, crumb was telling me something
Where he's just over there. He's left now
Wait a minute. You're fucking back in your you're back in your normal thing. Oh, yeah, I found my red hat my glasses
Jesus, that's a load off man
You look
acceptable
I just I just have a different pair of glasses and a different hat. I wear sometimes
I'm not freaking Waldo. I can't wear the same thing all the time everyone on the stream is Waldo
We all wear the same thing dude
What what do you mean? You're not you're literally Waldo, dude
You're wears Waldoing just real poorly because you're the only person
But you are literally doing a wears Waldo up there
No, there's nothing to visually distract you that would be a not a wears Waldo because I'm right here
You're kind of hidden dude
I'm just saying you're the closest thing to a wears Waldo on this stream
And it is crazy to say that you're not
There's got to be a better example of a wears Waldo on this stream somewhere
There's probably like a more hidden thing
The conspiracy guy he has a bunch of wears Waldo's behind him and he's the least used aspect of this stream
Literally, where is the conspiracy guy?
Uncalled for basically his whole sets of wears Waldo
Transure watch the the dener 89 trailer
Then debate best 80s time travel movie with with chris dener 89 that sounds like a sick movie
Just that it's called dener like weiner but with a d that's insane that that's that that exists
Oh, but it's also a movie for for the future from the past
Whoa, this is time travel next level. It's movies that takes place in the past, but it's from now
That's just a period movie dude. Those exist. There's tons of those. No, but it's a time travel movie
And it's very nature. It's about the past it's coming out now
That's most movie most movies are not about literally right now
All of them were made in the past
You're just proving my point dude. Like these are all these are time travel movies is what i'm trying to say
Let's check out dener
A lot of people call me the dener
Some call me the fucking governere giving her for a while there. I played in shit bands and had a lot of shit jobs
You know what dener go? I finally fucking made it
To understand what happened to me you gotta go back to 1989
Oh, shit. It's kind of box life was fucking deadly bad
Hey when you're done there you can blow me
This is me basically we were mostly doing like over the pants kind of stuff
Assistant captain of our very own steel falcons will give him help
But dean you got a special power when you're on no one can stop you
Dean you got a package in the mail. Hey, dude. Here's your dad shit. He died take your sleazy my dad died
Oh, yeah
King tuts pussy fart. Well, look at all this
Shit, it's creepy as fucking hell
The sound of metal it was fucking calling to me
Did you ever shotgun any beer? No, that sounds fucking awesome. Get in there you bastard
I fucking realized the metal part of my personality was like this on the fucking pie graph and the non-metal part of my personality
Was this a tiny little fucking ditto merciful heavens. I needed to get the fuck out of here
I had to metal my way out of town life's too short to play safe fucking got that right
Fucking give her
This is fucking deadly man. I wasn't running away from something. I was running towards it like destiny
You never too old to start fucking giving her no notes. They basically constructed a movie specifically for me
And I fucking knew that that was gonna happen eventually
If you're cool enough eventually they start making movies for you specifically and that's what's happened here
Oh, it looked fun. Yeah, I mean it's probably for a lot of people's about the 80s and like
It's comedy
It's called the dener which is a sick fucking name
I have several friends called the dener. You have more than one friend called the dener
My boy dener for instance
Also my boy dener
Then there's a little dener but we just call him dener. All right. Well the movie looks fun and
If you think it's about you then I'm glad you found something to relate to. No, I am that that's me, dude
It's nice to know that I existed in the 80s too
Deners everywhere dude. I guess I'm a dener too. Oh shit. If my nickname is dener, there's gonna be four deners
That's so confusing. You can't all call each other dener
Yeah, the dener verse so many deners around
Anyway, we're gonna debate what the best 80s movie is
um
Oh, no the best time. Wait the best time travel 80s movie. Yeah, I can't remember
Something about the best time travel movie it will does limited to the best time travel 80s movie. Um
The the rocker starring tom cruise
You know that one
Is that what that's called?
Rock of Ages
That's the best tom travel 80s movie. Again, you're getting confused. That's a period movie
And not about periods chat. Come on. It's a period piece film
Not a piece of a movie about the past
That's not a time travel movie is my point. Did you just fucking time travel right in front of me?
I don't think so
What the shit
Anyway, I'm gonna say rock of ages and I'm gonna say back to the future
That's rock of ages is the worst choice. Don't let that doesn't make sense. Oh wait, you're right. That's fucking true. Um
Shit what's the one
I'm thinking of
I'm thinking of
Not the rocker star the one with um
entourage
The real entourage man, you know, oh shit. Who's that based on?
Mark wallberg. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah mark wallberg
rock and roll
Yeah, mark wallberg and rock star is what i'm thinking of that's the best time travel movie
That's the same ideas you just had mark wallberg and rock star the 2001 film rock star
With jennifer anison where he plays. Yeah rock star. Who's tom traveled to our current day to tell us his story
That's got it. He's sick in that dude. He like
He has sex and then uh
His wife also has sex or some shit
And then he lives in a mansion, but they all fight all the time or something. Which is funny and then like
In the end, he's like
rock star
Terminator is also right there. That's very true skimmer
Bill and ted so many options
Of classic 80s the biggest of course being back to the future or rock star starring mark wallberg
Anyway, should we flip for it?
Movie debate style. No, that's how street debates work. This guy's afraid of this guy's afraid to debate me. He won't even flip for it
Okay, uh heads dude easy boom
Fuck dude, you're so lucky. That's insane. That's crazy. That's how movie debates work though. So
All right, I guess back to the future is pretty good
but
The best time travel about rock stars it has to be rock star
Best movie with okay chat you get to decide this instead of
Apparently trend is not qualified to do debates. So this is more appropriate
Dude, I mean we settled it. You you can't even take the win. You still got to stab me in the back on the way out
Anyway, just I mean I get to do this too. So I can put in the film
rock star
Easy that was me who did that. I did that on my phone just now
You literally took up a spot to include rock star
Well, yeah, I mean I'm gonna put the best one I can think of on there
Anyway, explain what one through five is how you vote bill and ted is one rock star is two back to the futures three
Happy death day is four and back to the future is splitting the vote against itself
By also being five, which I forgot is a thing that could happen with this
Right. This is way too close between rock star and bill and ted
I just it's not it. It's a period film
Stop saying that dude
Like we're not that's like kind of misogynistic
No, it's misogynistic to assume the word period is about women
All right. Well, thankfully bill and ted went one. That's crazy that that was that close
It's not crazy dude. It's like it's hard to say because both are great films ones about like
What if two friends became rock gods? Oh, it's a rock one too. That's why it split the vote people were like
Well, we love rock stars and both are time travel rock star movies
But I forgot bill and ted that's a good one as well. It's close to as good as rock star, but
All right, let's watch one more trailer. I suppose
Or two no two is the way this works. We got to watch two more
um, okay
Army hammer denies robert donnie jr. Paid for his rehab. Oh, shit. That's a story. That's not a trailer
Oh, you clicked on the news. Yeah, that's that's a story. I guess
But today's all about debates
So that's just a fun thing to know
Okay trailers there they are
There's a bunch there's a bunch of solid ass options as usual
Beetlejuice we already watched that we just watched the dener
tattoo teenage alien fighters from beverly hills 1994
Wait, what is this a trailer?
This one's not a trailer, but I'm curious what the hell it is
Well, maybe it's a trailer in the sense of like a tom travel trailer like if he's traveling from the past and uh, let's just watch it
Molecular home planet to the diabolically evil infraganis
Perkannis has vowed to use his army of alien monsters to conquer earth
The focal point of a system of power portals. He needs to rule the universe
I am nimba head protector of the power portals to carry out my mission to stop work
I have chosen four teenagers from beverly hills. I summoned them by flashing their tattoos then they transform into galactic
no
Fate of the earth depends on these tattooed teenage alien fighters from beverly hills
This fucking rules
Whoa, look at Leslie. She's a baddie. Oh, no, it's already over
No, get these other things out of the way. I need to see kjill scoring
And rug williams
Dude, how do you close these fucking this is annoying about youtube you can't close these
Ruining my view and experience of tattooed teenagers from beverly hills 1994
Anyway, shout out to kjill
sore sorghum
And also my boy rug williams
Two legends of the game at the top of their game as tattooed teenagers
That's shit ruled team power rangers. Yeah
Like a powerful to move
They fight the evil to move because they're tattooed teenagers
Is that a parody is that is that just a show? I guess they just it was a just a cash grab after power rangers made so much money
It's not a it's a piece of art dude. It's a piece of art from the past
I want to watch a full episode of that shit, but
Don't know if my parents took my team who credit card away. You've got a team who credit card
Yeah, I mean if you're buying off
Buying off pairs of shoes you get one pre fair free pair of shoes off team
It's about like, you know 10,000 one dollar shoes
That's 10,000 of one dollar shoes. Well, yeah, that's why they took my credit card away
There's no space for all the shoes and also I spent 10,000 dollars
They can't have one dollar shoes on there. And now who doesn't understand to move
Now watch superhuman samurai cyber squad trailer. You don't have to ask me twice
Superhuman samurai. This is a debate by the way of which one of these is more awesome and it will be settled by watching it
Cyber squad trailer or intro
I guess intro if we're being safe. Otherwise, we're comparing
apples to teenagers
This is the opening and closing theme. Let's check it out
On lives inside computer circuits with the help of malcolm frink
He creates mega virus monsters to attack electronic systems
Meanwhile a freak accident turns sam colons into servo
His friends join forces in their samurai's attack vehicles
Together they transform into the superhuman samurai cyber squad
Shit Jim curry this straight rock about the way you see
That fucking rule well damn. I mean
Hard to really pick a winner there
The first time there isn't a winner actually. Okay. I will say this
That one had a better song. I think
Shit did it
I can't remember the other one
Let me hear the other song
Yeah, the second one had a better song
But the first one had more of like a rocking ass look and aesthetic
And also a better name tattooed teenage alien fighters from beaverly hills 1994
Is an insanely cool name
Trent needs to reform the tattooed teenage alien fighters. I mean, I will accept his mission
I have three fans actually that'd be perfect one's named dener
The other is named little dener, but we call him dener
And the third is named dener and the fourth is also considering changing his name to dener being me
And then the fifth can be some like hot chick named kimberley or some shit
I'm know some hot ass kimberleys that would probably be perfect for it
Anyway, then we'll save the world from like, um
Politics or something
We'll defeat politics. Yeah. All right. That's the lucky young blood. Thank you. I appreciate your support
See if rug is available. Oh shit. My boy rug. Absolutely
I mean, he's not a teenager anymore, but he's a teenager at heart
I hope
That's a teenager dener from sunny val california
That sounds sick 2024
Literally only 10 years after 1994 a perfect decade later 2024
Please just
Consider the math there
You're in school. That's such easy addition. Let's watch one more trailer
space shark
guys
Dune prophecy
Official teaser is this the game again?
Or is this already a teaser for a full s. Oh, it's the tv show
Hmm another alien romulus trailer
Shimp crazy. That's a fun name
monster summer
There's 40 episodes of tattooed teenage fighters. Damn. I kind of want to binge it now
Running on empty. I don't know why I feel like clicking on this
but
I'm confused by
The poster because it kind of look like they're trying to make it look like everything everywhere all at once
But I can't imagine that it's related to that. I'm gonna just click on this one
Because my brain said do it
All of your tasks have been completed to get your death date. Are you ready for your results?
Oh my god, I'm gonna die. It's okay. What does it say?
21,419
Nicole that's almost 60 years from now
What does your say babe?
25 days
That is not ideal
My ex fiance dropped me like a hot potato in a cold spot. He was really hot
I'd love to do her but you know, I wouldn't because of you unless you could have watched
Some people are into that
Weirdos me and the boys heading to the strip club tonight is women never with I'm just saying
Do I start dating again?
I'm mortimer. I am a mortician. You know what mr. Addison that is not your shade
Do you want to film? What?
I'm magic
Hey, do you want to get out of here?
I've never had sex with a prostitute before
This is taking a turn. Sorry with a professional escort
Frida
I didn't do anything to her though. You still owe me for Rita's services
She said it was free. I ain't handed out free samples. This ain't Trader Joe's
I just joined this dating service that why does it have this people based on death dates?
I'll be doing your video interview
Lasers, that's what kind of gal are you looking for? Kind honest a little bit boring maybe
You're gonna die soon. I'm gonna die soon. Let's go on a date
I'd love to hang out with you again. It's gonna be okay. I promise
It's not like I have much time to build a future with someone
So where's my money man? Got it? $5,000? Don't make me use it. Go on then. I don't even care. I'm gonna die anyway
You better have my money in full by midnight tomorrow. Why don't you enter so good?
Just wish I met you sooner better late than never
She's been so angry afraid happy all at the same time
Have a sea mortimer
Relax
When you were in the cohort dating did you guys ever try?
Hanging what is that? Hanging is when a girl puts on a dodo
and bangs
Yeah, put on some video game study lounge music after that youtube autoplay
Kind of liked the intro
Like oh, maybe this will be like a little hidden gem
but
Wasn't a gem
It was like I it was just it was a peg
It was a thing to peg me with it was a pegging joke
Which normally I would find hilarious
And yet my heart did not sing with joy at the pegging joke
Am I growing up?
I know I just think totally that was
A terribly edited trailer probably for
Maybe though I hope the movie's better than that
I had some people in the cast I like but um
So like all-time bad trailer music. That's wild
Yeah, that trailer did pick us all a little bit and not in the way that you might like
A bad pegging
It's you gotta know how to peg and it didn't
Anyway, that's three. Is that three trailers? Is it two and oh well, whatever. Yeah, that's three trailers and we debated
We did yeah, we figured out there rock star is um
Probably the movie that mark walberg's penis looks best in okay. Well, let's go ahead and agree on that
One joke to peg them all dude. What if that wasn't a thing if instead of soren having a ring
He had a fucking he had like a pegging deal though
And they had to wear that shit freda had to wear that that shit all around the fucking
More door or whatever. He's flopping around with it the whole time
Samwise has to like
Suck it to make him invisible
Now that's a pegging joke. No, that's just a pegging premise
That you just thought about for like 30 seconds
Not a joke just to add a pegging dildo to the character of it from any movie
Or is it
Because any movie where they're wearing a full pegging dildo the whole time, but the rest of the movie is the same
It's a little funny to me
All right, well now we know that about you and that's good and knowing is half the battle
And the other thing you know is actually what a fucking is i'll see you later. Bye. Bye
Sure, there's oscar winning dildo scenes
Did everything everywhere all at once win best picture?
Or did it not?
The oh it did. Okay. Yeah oscar winning pegging
That's great
There's something for everybody
Yeah, that's true. You kind of more just sits on a plug. That's not the whole strap on situation
Now i'm trying to remember what exactly he sits on
I still haven't seen that movie. It's great. I really enjoyed it. I saw it in theaters
And i've never seen it since
A lot of my favorite movies i've only seen once
A lot of terrible movies i've seen
Dozens to
30 or 40 times
And that's just how it is for me. That's how my brain like it
She did use dildos and then that guy sits on
A dildo or dunshucks. I can't remember. I think the dildos blurt out in the movie
I can't remember now a butt plug. Yeah, he sits on a butt plug
This is the debate what happened in the movie
What did he sit on in the movie?
Okay
It's time to go
Back to munch and crumb and then around the net amongst the web that is
Oh my gosh, jonathan holt. What's your favorite movie?
um
You know my my old answer used to be um a night's tale because I used to watch it all
I have to set this for I used to just watch it whenever it was on for some reason
I'd put on a night's tale
It was like on hb or whatever. I'd be like fuck it put on a night's tale
That's not I can't say that's actually my favorite movie
When I was in college
I think or right out of college my favorite movie was no country for old men because I just really liked
Any cohen brothers movie? I haven't seen that in so long
I don't know if I could still say it is
um
I really liked my favorite movies. I've seen recently my brain just doesn't
Hold on to information very well. It's pre-bidening the water boy. That's a pretty good one
Any adam sandler movie hooby halloween
Gotta go with my boy hooby as the number one film of all time
Yeah, I don't know. I mean there's a lot of movies. I like I guess I'd put it that way
I really liked everything out everywhere all at once when I saw it a couple years ago
I'm trying to think of a movie I saw recently that I was like man that ruled
Robocop any paul vier hoven movie
That's the director that right?
um
I'm a I quite like starship troopers robo cop
two wave hookers
Dinner in america I haven't seen that
I've heard that that is absolutely worth seeing
But I'm yet to do it. I feel like I need to adjust my uh
media intake from like
80% anime 20% whatever is on streaming and popular to include more
Classic movies that I just haven't seen need to sneak a couple good movies in there
Harder question to answer than expected
Yeah, I mean there's a lot of movies. I like I I just I don't um
It's hard for my brain to like rank things
The criterion collection exists. Yeah, but I don't even mean like classic cinema necessarily
Like the other day someone was talking about the movie repo man
Which is a movie I remember seeing pieces of but I've never seen all of repo man
I feel like I should see
All of repo man, you know, there's like a bunch of movies that aren't necessarily regarded as like cinematic masterpieces that
Uh
I kind of think
I suspect I would really enjoy
I feel like I need to make a list of those
Yeah repo man is a classic, but like you wouldn't find it on like the
Criterion collection, you know
If that makes sense
Or maybe you would am I underestimating how how well regarded repo man is?
Why is it full metal or bleach?
So again, my brain just immediately goes to phases of my life in a high school
My favorite anime was definitely cowboy bebop. Although the one I watched the most was dragon ball z
by a mile
um
We recently watched uh
Is it into the abyss?
Into the abyss anime
Something abyss came from abyss made an abyss
um
Which I really enjoyed
However, it has like a horrendously creepy
overtone to some of it
Um abyss from tna wrestling
Anyway, I mean the the longest running anime slash manga that I've read is is still one piece
So it's probably my go-to favorite
Even though it's I think literally the most popular
manga slash anime of all time
So it's a bit of an easy it feels like a bit of a copa not to go with something more obscure and exciting
The james cameron movie abyss. Yeah. Yeah. I was watching the anime version of that and it was about a seven-year-old girl
I was very confused. No made an abyss uh is I thought was great
it but they the way he draws some of the
Exceedingly young characters did make me viscerally uncomfortable
And then I looked it up and it seemed like there was a fair amount of
Squabbling over it online
One piece red or one piece gold
I've actually only seen one piece. I've only is one piece gold the one where he fights the gold guy
The man who use gold because I haven't actually seen one piece red yet
So I feel like I have seen him fight gold boss
That movie so I guess I'd have to go with the one I've seen
Yeah, cast him has a lot of thoughts on movies too
My seven-year-old is named made in abyss kind of a sick name
Yeah, I mean for me though the one piece
enjoyment is like the
Just breadth of it
Is it taken as a whole it's like extremely impressive and there's a million individual moments
I really like I just love the vibe of like one piece in general
I think of other animes that are like
samurai shampoo. I really liked
Currently we're watching shield hero. I also watched a lot of like
relatively fodder animes currently we're watching shield hero
Which is like not a great
I don't think it'll it'll deeply affect me, but I am enjoying it
We've watched like a ton of animes like we watched uh
Watching everything popular. We've been watching demons player watching jutsu guys and we watched kaiju number eight
big jdub also checking that out
I just I like um anime still has a lot of
Not that everything needs to be an original IP, but it feels like it's less shackled to
I guess maybe because of the courtesy of like manga to anime pipeline. It feels like there's just a
Sometimes a wider array of original ideas and anime
Then you can sometimes get out of a lot of other streaming shows
Yeah, kaiju number eight is awesome
You know, there's like the weirder ones
It's like the ones I watched on adults went back in the day
Well, what's the one on adults when where the kid runs around with a bat on a skateboard?
it's like all about
some like
It's like a mystery around a kid just murdering people with a bat
And why my brain is thinking
Fully coolly is another great one. This is this paranoia agent. Yes, that's it. You said it right as I thought of it is the one I'm thinking of
But fully coolly is great too
Basically anything that was on adult swim
Before I was about 20 I watched
So, yeah
Yonami
I also just caught up on
Jujutsu kai's in the manga. It's pretty good. Although I will say jujutsu kai's in
the manga
Sometimes the action in on like the what a comic basically is way harder to
Digest what's happening because he loves to explain rules for like 12 panels
about someone's weird
Cursed technique
Sometimes by about the 10th paragraph explaining how like this guy's gambling curse technique works. I'm like, I mean I might maybe I'm good
Oh, yeah, big O is fun
This all counts as a debate by the way we're we're actively debating
Wolf's rain. I've heard of that, but I haven't seen it
I feel like to to know this and this is how you know that my brain is bad at picking like what's best
If I wanted to decide what my favorite movie is
I would need like a print out in front of me of every movie I've ever seen I'd be like
Oh, yeah, that one that one's my favorite movie ever
I think I might have fried my brain a little bit by watching, you know
At least
Two hours of TV probably every day for my entire life. Oh, try going is great. I haven't seen the remake
Berserk the original berserk anime
Is a little depressing at times. It's a little bleak ghost in the shell. I've seen some of but not all of
Yeah, tier list would work, but the problem is even with a tier list. I'd have to like run through
I need like a list of anime. Yeah, that would probably be a good way for me. It's like keeping a diary
She keep like a media diary
So my brain can hold on to things
Mac rose plus
Probably my favorite comedy show of all time is toast of london
just relatively recent
but I think um
Her like a mono have watched it. It would probably be 30 rock
but um
Show that I just enjoyed the most that's a comedy. It's probably toast of london
Mr. Show is great
I just quite enjoy the vibe of toast of london
And I'm just I'm also a sucker for matt berry's voice
toast
All right, I guess let's keep debating. You've got an hour
48
Yeah, I don't know that would be on many people's like top comedy list, but I think it probably is legitimate
My favorite I've seen 30 rock though like
I've probably seen every episode three times
So that's
Probably what the simpsons is to a lot of people 30 rock is that for me. I've seen a lot of the simpsons too, but like uh
The pace of 30 rock is like burned into my brain from watching it way too much
It crowd is great. I like the british version quite a bit
Parks and rec. Yeah, I never actually watched all the parks and rec, but I've seen a lot of it
I've never seen all of the office, but I've seen the first three seasons
And then I kind of just caught smatterings of it after that
I've seen bits of kim's kim's convenience. Yeah, that's good too. Okay. So I'm just closing a bunch of things right now
I had a lot of tabs going
Richard I had eyes right. Oh garth moringy's dark place
Also high on my list. It's really short
Like it's I think it might literally just be like six
not even 30 minute episodes
but that's also
if it were um
As long as toast of london it'd probably be my favorite
Boys becoming men and becoming wolves
Snuffbox and mighty boosh are both great. I've watched both of those as well. Yeah mighty boosh
I feel like there's a lot of um shared talent between a lot of the british shows I like
How you doing kendall? Oh, we're fine
But kendall and I also watched the descendants four recently
I have more opinions than I showed on which descendants movie is best
Courtesy of kendall enlightening me to those movies
That only case comedy troupe. Well, you want to show them the gelatin thing? I mean, I should pull it off right that way they can
I'm assuming it's on
Uh tiktok, right?
This is the hottest sound bite off of the descent descendants descendants
gelatin
Yeah, here you go. This sounds like a um, I think the reason this popped off
Kind of on tiktok for some for for kendall's algorithm for sure
Is that it sounds like a toy commercial, but it's from their most recent movie. Anyway
Oh, they ruined it they chopped and screwed it go back go find a different one this one
Call us your wedding. He's like a magnet. She's so attracted. I don't know the dance
Oh god, are you the head thing?
Other head, bitch
Oh my god, is that a heart to you?
What the frick? You heart baby. Is that a heart? No
She's so attracted. It's so fantastic. Cut the line. Is that a heart?
That he cut her eye
Only it's voice or ass
It even has like the break in the lyrics for them to say only it toys are us
This hurts your soul do it again. Do it again ready do it again
Everyone close your eyes. It's all fantastic because we're flying high together on a magic copyright
Only so that select stores and stores are there's something like that. I don't know
What is cases for sona?
The question is what is my for sona and you're just on here four times
It could be a tie
I'm gonna vote for kendall, but I think number five kendall is the one for some reason these chat polls
are uh
A welcome addition for me. Whoa. We're in the void now
All right
We're gonna hone it on this
Damn, I might have juiced it there by picking number five, but I do think that's the right choice chat
Fiona damn. Fiona didn't stand a chance. Sorry, Fiona. You're my first sona kendall. Wow
Yeah
That's love. That's so fantastic
It's so magnetic
Because we're flying high together
Anyway, the descendant movies are
insane little kid musicals
That feel like they're trying to jam candy into your eyes
I like doesn't color palette. It's like
all
As bright as you can make a pastel as possible
And then just a little like synthy musical songs. They're crazy, but I do think
The fourth one isn't as good as the first three
I do think they fell off when they lost the original cat
It's so fantastic
Okay, let's um
Let's go send it to munchin crumb or did we just send it there? No, we didn't not yet
Let's send it to munchin crumb. They'll do a debate and then we'll go around
The web or amongst it and then we'll see where we're at. It's munchin crumb time
The wolves are back
Wolf hair
Of the hair of a powerful wolf. Did you know that crumb? Of course he didn't. You don't know what hair is
I know what hair is
I understand the idea of hair
Just because I don't have it. You do have some ghost hairs you freak
You freak ha
Feel like your in shelter getting lazier
I'm proudly a freak. I'll let my freak flag
fly
Fly you off a cliff and drop you
Murdering your ass. You can't take my murder thing just because you're technically winning
Why not if I'm the champion then I can choose to have you
slain
before my
Blade you much gladiator for me for I am now seizure aka mr. 108
Oh the 108
The great
Cram, it's like eyebrows, but everywhere. Yeah
To put it in words, you'd understand. Thank you giggle trash. It's like eyebrows, but everywhere
I understand I had hair at one point
But you have like the one elf alpha strip growing out of your head when you was a when you was a newborn
and then god realized his mistake
and
Lightning bolted it from your body frying it with a little sizzle and then he was bald forever
Uh, no, I just I had hair until I was about 22
Had a thick fro
No, you didn't yeah, I had like a I had real thick curly hair
Frode out
Debate better anime
Lead spike spiegel or one piece luffy. Oh, I gotta go luffy all the day spike spiegel is a more adult and uh protagonist
Joe
If you want to go with your little baby shit your little baby one piece shit. Oh and now look who's
fucking
adult
concerned trolling
One piece is as adult as it needs to be baby doesn't prescribe to your
False sense of age and wisdom. It's got the wisdom of the seas
via one piece luffy the embodiment of freedom
Sometimes a little too free. I think he could stand to like
You know
Listen to something important
Well, anyway, that's I'll go with spike. I'm just saying
What I'll save it, but it's one piece luffy
The wolves and chat understand
Of course the wolves are the wolves have your back
Yeah, the wolves do have my back and they're at your back and they're howling at the gates
And the gates are getting knocked down and they're already in the castle
And they're actually sitting on the throne and I take off the wolf mask and it's me and all the wolves start howling
They take off their wolf mask and they're a bunch of they're a bunch of cool people that are cool
Okay, um, sorry a little bit of uh getting some eyebrow stuck in my eye. Oh, I got a lot of eyebrow in my eye today
A
Spike spiegel is who you took right why there's what the fuck is going on with my eye now?
Are you cursing my eye with your eye curse? No, there's just hair in the studio or something
It's your fucking shaggy hair is flying all around the place. Anyway, spike spiegel. Uh, he's more of a character than one piece luffy
He's actually got like a passion in history. That's relatable on a human level one piece. Luffy is like some, you know
Avatar of freedom very abstract. He
greets every moment like an opportunity for adventure
It's aspirational, but spike spiegel
Who's lived a life with regret?
He must own up to his phallings
in a more humanistic way
with a deep sense of longing captured perfectly
in the
lonely cowboy aesthetic of cowboy bebop
A beautiful meditation on both genre
and
sentiment
And an absolute classic and concisional way that one piece simply isn't stronton gets it stronton is on the side of
Is on the side of the crumbs
The the the people in chat not the you people in chat. Well, now they're actually the turkeys in chat
All the turkeys that disagree with me are gonna get gobbled by these wolves
Look one piece luffy is honestly an incredible achievement
They managed to take a shonen protagonist and make him actually interesting and likable
Look, I love Goku, but there's a million fucking goku's out there
You could argue that luffy is Goku, but he's not there's like a weird dark side to luffy
His thirst for adventure actually has consequences on occasion. He's not an entirely positive shonen protagonist
He sort of loves fighting and violence in a way that is interesting
um
And you know, he stretches real good
Spikes people can't stretch for shit
Do that make a kind of have I ever even seen him touch his toes? You just spin kicks
Just full spin kicks. He should be incredibly limber for that
Yeah, but could he spin his kick all the way around his own fucking head choking himself?
Spike is a criminal
Sometimes that's what the world does to you
Turn just all a little crazy
Classic liberal male fantasizing about the supposed lurid
Excitement of crime while living in your safe cushy little castle sitting on your hemorrhoid pillow
Just slurping my ties. I don't I don't like my ties actually it kind of tastes like how sweat smells
Anyway
Doing now
What the fuck is that
I'm just bopping I'm bopping to my tune in this world of disinformation
You look like a fucking two the four you look like a male functioning
The status quo and
PUT PUT obstacle like the head is stuck. It's supposed to go down and up so you can shoot through the mouth
But you're just fucking malfunctioning. No, I'm just bopping with your question
But faction science all you look like fucking um
You say you look like the baby Ruth guy from
The things you and I wish I could remember the names of anything
But you look like the baby Ruth guy from that movie your twisted tales how he laughs
the things you say
I I can't even guess sometimes. I just can't guess
I'm seeing the famous like slug
Hey, you guys baby Ruth guy you look like that guy from what movie
Slug from the movie where there's the kids to fill this the goonies. Thank you, bonjai bullfrog
Why do you think we're slug?
We've been debating a lot today. Okay
Yeah, it's chunk fine
But maybe slug would have been a good name too
Slug their pals was slug and he laughs and he eats
Mars bars instead
It's baby Ruth. Yeah, but maybe there's an alternate goonies where
His name slug and he eats Mars bars. Oh shoot the Rogan chap been shuffling
Back on our Rogan kick
Okay, well, um, I'm off to the fort with you yet again. You might have noticed I'm
Five the five time champ five ahead of you. I don't know mr. 109
Down in the 109 crumbage feeling back
Frame Roger rabbit, baby
Cron, let's do it. Let's check. Let me google that real quick. Oh
Framed Roger rabbit. You know what I did at the end there. We were arguing
I think I nailed that. Oh, no, this man has a wrist that crumb could never achieve
I look plenty like the who frame Roger. I look like baby Herman
No, you dude the Riz on this baby is off the charts. Stop saying ridge. That's for kids
No, I'm just cool and I get slang. I already probably not cool. You should probably stop saying
I'm looking at
Checking out baby Herman
Stop saying you're checking out babies. I'm just looking at them
Yeah, I got a baby Herman vibe. That's fine. He's a cool-ass kid
He's also not a baby. He's just a man in diapers who's little
I'm pretty sure he's a baby. He follows tune rules, man
He can be a baby and also be like a mob boss. That's tune powers. It doesn't mean he's not a baby
No, he's an adult that is dressed like a baby. He's got a full adult
Energy speaks in full sentences. He's like a little gangster, right?
He's an adult
Put a cigar in crumbs mouth
Shit, do I have anything close to a cigar?
Take this
This is too little
It's just like in a more a feat. It's just like if I was a cool
You know a philosopher in
1960s france
It'd be an existentialism
That's kind of that's the vibe I have when I hold this
No, you just look like a fucking
Weird baby holding a pen sucking on it
Because you got an oral fixation because your mind never developed, right? That's how you look when I do it
I don't like it
I look like I look like someone who's about to fight
Whatever this is
Nah, maybe I look like a cool hardened journalist
Like Edward Armura with some shit like y'all
The war has happened into some shit
Get your shit together america. That's the news. Bye
That's not how the news was back then
If anything there actually might have been
A little more sense of authority to it. Thank you. I do I do think this is a shawl and elbert camille impression
a wee wee
A life is but a dream
And that's from cowboy bebop
No, it's not it's from the song. Okay, whatever
Whatever
We got too many segments to get to let's send it back
You're asking no, I'm sorry. I am telling I'm saying let's send it. I'm sending. I'm sending it back
Just play music and escape
Not me. I never ran but
This has been a long day
And I'm fine
I've been winning some
All of them as in some and the rest of cheats from the turkeys and the wolves
Understand
We'll see you soon. Bye. Bye. Okay. We have to go around the web
We'll send hydration. Oh, yeah water's good. I got this big old mug of water
Also, check out baby hermit
Damn
This kid knows what's up. The caps are like big paws
Well, Trent's vodka
But mine is water. I can't keep up with the trends of the world anymore
Those those young virile trends. Okay, let's send it around the web
Somehow that's a debate. We'll figure out how
It's a debate web the webs of debate
Stick debate webs. Okay, uh, let's watch some videos. It's time to go amongst the web
He thought he could keep me away. He said I've used every host for this
I used them all
He ever mission one there case and he's come back
To claim what it is
Oh good. Peter's here. That's right. What the frick?
Hmm. Why is that happening?
One second shot. Why is this shitty blinking in and out of existence?
That can't be right
I do do do do do do do do do do do do do
Huh
So strange. Yeah, let me figure out what's going on here. Aha
See the issue. Why'd you do this time?
One second y'all
This is gonna look a little weird. Yeah, everything's back to normal now
Don't even stress
Way too blessed to be stressed
Exceedingly normal things all happening right here. It's close enough. We'll say that
It's so far off, but okay, I'll try again. Ah
You still got a zoom in and more. Yeah
Not the immersion
Not all the immersion that's been happening
Okay, now I just can't move too much until I fix this properly
Oh, there's another case sneaky. There's a case right behind me
Fix this mr. Blackwell. Yeah, we'll fix it later. Okay. Um
You feel at home good. Yes the sneaky home where two cases might attack you at any time. No, there's no other case behind me
Uh dank shosh. Hope everybody's having a great time with dank shosh. Thanks so much for the raid
Yeah, dank hope you're having a great uh Saturday night
We got an hour and a half left so I should pick up the pace
I managed to take an eight hour stream and uh
And go slow enough to possibly not finish all the requests so I should hurry it up
Oh, okay. Ooh, this is a classic. This is a recent classic
For anyone who
Was worried about the the trump assassination attempt be it somehow for him or the political ratifications of it
This is actually how it went so maybe there's nothing to worry about
Oh, well
Okay, you don't have to agree with the guy's politics to be a fan of his stan
Is that what it is stands? Yeah, I think it stands
And uh, trump is lucky that his stan was standing by
To grab that bolt straight out of the sky
A useful power to have
That is absolutely just how it happened with our personal stand here is this gorilla. Oh, yeah
We could rate things
Let me see. Oh, there it is. Boom
Ratings are active exclamation point one to ten to rate
That brutal footage live on the scene footage of the donald trump assassination
exclamation point one through ten will rate it
It's hard to rate a national tragedy, but
I do think they did a good job with that one
Wait, who or what are you saying? I'm saying, you know the animators did a good job with that
national tragedy
I always has to make it political. I'm not I'm saying I like the animators
Stone Scott Bayo
Don't mind if I do this is uh that last one was shared by
Ah, I'm not pushing on the right thing
I think it was a courtesy of sabrechi. I'm not sure who the animator is a 4.09
see and
That's a 4.09 tragedy
And I'm not sure if that means it's a big one or a little one
But either way our hearts go out
to
His ear our hearts go out to his ear. Yeah, okay
Scott Bayo stoned after school. Don't mind if we do is what case says
Regularly scheduled programming will not be seen at this time so that we may bring you an abc after school special
stone
Today on the after school special
Jack melan gets tired of being called a square and turns to a crowd that shows him how to be cool
Oh
That's a prayer early my problem is just so quiet. Sorry
Super stone jack
Tell me something who's the real jack jack
And jack melan is going to discover the price of being cool
stone the abc after school special
All right
Oh shoot. Is that what happens when you smoke up you drown
Is that all it takes
smoked weed ever
I just never been asked to
So I
I feel like I have to be invited and I I just haven't been yet
But now I guess I know what I say. No, aren't you in your 30s?
It's not polite to ask a man his age
It gets
fine to actually
anybody cares
I'm just a drug free since uh 93 so
So it did make him cool. I couldn't tell he did go to a lake
That's a classically cool thing to do as a teen. That's true teen lakes
One of the coolest teen things to do is be a teen at a lake
But then he drowned or he was just swimming aggressively
Because he was so high
So when you smoke weed you become an aggressive swimmer
If it makes you mad enough
If you get that reefer madness, you just can't stop paddling
exclamation point 420
Oh excellent work here chat
that's
That deserves a better graphic than it's gonna get
But all I can say is just kiss
Either you guys did incredible math or have incredible luck either way good work
4.2 times 10 oh
Or just with an extra decimal oh it'd be times
Yeah
Okay, um
Oh it'd be times 100 wouldn't it?
Yes, yes it would
Well just because you're better at math than me. I'm actually I'm definitely not say we're the exact same amount
Of capable of doing that
Um and speaking good. Let's do another video
Okay, we have to debate something at some point too. This is a debate stream
Well, technically every video we play is a debate in the chat to rate it
So very lazy definition of debate that I do accept
Oh, is this the singer again?
We might have already watched this one
Ah, yeah, this is the we'll watch if this is a short version of it
In case you missed the last stream where we watched this
This is uh one of my favorite renditions of the national anthem
How are they not laughing?
Oh
No
Well on the bright side we get to rate that now
I mean I'm gonna I'm gonna put my hand on the till here and I think she deserves a 10
Look, she's had it. She's had it rough
She's had a rough go over everybody everybody coming after her for
Just bringing a little joy to our lives. I think that's a 10. You know, we're in agreement for once here
I'm in full support of people butchering the national anthem. So
If anything, I think real connoisseurs know that that's absolutely a 10
And we're becoming connoisseurs we watch several videos of people fucking up the national anthem
Oh, well, you can also rate it a zero if you really want to drag that with the text
Oh, don't smile at yourself
Sorry, I caught a glimpse of someone out of out of corner of my eye that made me smile
At 8.1 that is the highest rating she's gotten for that and I'm proud to be a part of it
Uh, this is uh, also, I believe shared by sabrichi
I think
I just I have it on stream remote again. So I can't see but
Uh
I have no idea what this is. It appears to me. Maybe it's a geometry video because I see a shape
Oh
Are those hot?
What is this? Oh
Oh
This is scary. This is like a three-body problem. Wow. Now put your hand on it
Immediately polygon yourself turn yourself into ps1 graphics
ASAP
I could really watch this for a while
Wow
It's like cheese
I want to do that with cheese
Is it crazy that I want to do that with cheese?
uh
No, I mean it's a good way to cube cheese, I guess
And that also maybe it melts it
Oh shoot, but then it'll lose the cubiness to it because it'll it'll melt back into one cheese
That's next level shines you put it through there. It slices it
Into cubes of cheese that immediately congeal back together
I don't think that's how that would work
Gorilla agrees with me. I think gorilla has the power to agree
Anyway, that was oddly satisfying
I well learned 9.9
Over a point ahead of that singer. Oh ski, uh, you know only a couple months away from ski season
July
Yeah, that means we're only a couple months away from
ski season
Anyway, here's a video is my point
Wow
That
Is not a skill I knew anyone had I guess more of a combo of skills
Wow
Is that he has a pale that does it too?
Is this secretly really okay? I guess it's not easy. I guess that's not easy
I was trying to tell if I could do this if I just you know thought about it, but I guess I can't
How do you get into doing this oh did it replay? Oh, no, that's what the hell
Wow
You don't got excited at the end there
understandably
It's like how I feel when I drop a fry with one hand I catch it with the other I make the same noise
You got to celebrate the little victories
Pretty insane
Pretty insane skill stack there gotta get that skill stack up and they've maxed that skill stack
We got a lot of hot nines today
bone
9.38
Yeah, I don't know how you get into that. I guess you just get into juggling then you get into that
A five MSG was not impressed
Well, they hate one they either hate skiing or they hate juggling
So they were impressed by one side of it, but not at all by the other
That's fair. Oh every rating is fair. You got to rate from the heart
Oh, okay
We got to get a dog video
The an eight hour stream we got to get a dog video and gorilla it's sorry we cut to the gorilla
But I am gonna now cut to a dog
Wow
Oh boy
Like that smile movie did he know what he was doing?
He snapped him back in like he was finishing the bit
Yes, but in a more real sense. No
I'm not sure feels like he knew what was up
I'm guessing someone put that in his mouth. It's just so perfectly aligned
Nature is incredible. That's nature at work. That's nature. Yeah, it turns out that's nature at work
Whoa, I don't know what's going on in this video
but
You might enjoy it chat some people in chat might enjoy this next one. We'll cut to it in 20 seconds after we rate this
Also, how did you get down here? I thought the walls of this studio didn't connect to the walls of the other studio. That's where you're wrong
The wall I'm in
Connects to the other walls by me leaving the wall and then walking here. I thought I sealed those walls not well enough
I told you I'd be out
And guess who's here right now me
And I befriended your gorilla by the way he gave me the key to the wall
He doesn't have a key
No, the key was inside me all along. It was just hitting the wall really hard until I smashed a hole in it
Now I've got a free wall door. You broke my wall. I'm made a door for myself
Okay, well
Look at this really tall woman
But also how much shorter woman? Okay, that was a short one. So we'll run it back
so you can
Take in what they're putting out here
Is she seven feet?
That's very tall
I'm gonna go out on a limb here and say that's very tall
Yeah
Yeah, I'd say so
Just two just two people loving what they're doing
And me loving to see it
Now let's do two more and we'll save the rest for
Next Tuesday we'll see you next Tuesday. It looks like psychor has one for us
And um god, I might have to take it off stream remote. Ooh the ren fair thing
Got one from psychor. We got one from reverie wolf and we'll grab all the ones in between
Next time we're in the in the webs amongst them. I know. We're just gonna see you next Tuesday. Oh
Would you mean to do that?
It's a common turn of phrase
It's common. I'm not making fun of you. Are you drunk? Maybe there was vodka in there. Okay, well, uh
We always forget about our third presidential candidate of some note rfk. Let's see what he's up to
Hey, everybody. These are my two ravens
They're um, they're not actually mine. They are just I'm just taming them
But they live in a palm tree. They have roost in a palm tree about 100 feet from my house and I've
I've gotten them by feeding them every day. I've gotten them to come in and
and uh
Join me for meditations every morning on my balcony
They have two babies with a feed and the babies don't come in but they come very close
Anyway, that's the the male in the back and the female in the front the camera angle here's
Actually the male is there
I'm I'm working on getting emptied out of my hand
Maybe we got him to eat some worms my man
Those are his ravens. You're gonna make fun of a man and his ravens
No, I would never
I'm proud of him and his ravens
Great work with you and your ravens
It's so weird behind me because you're behind yourself. You weirdo
A lot of me on the stream it turns out
Let's check out what reverie wolf has for us
And we'll set it back for more debates
As opposed to the debates of the rates. This is not getting a high rating
Chat, you don't like his ravens
Those birds are at least a six
They might have accidentally raided the candidate, but that's fair
True. I lost it. I lost. Oh, there it is. Oh, this isn't a video. Okay
I'll show you this we won't rate it but
I appreciate reverie wolf's safe go sharing this sharing this yeah
Thank you for sharing this beautiful fursona
I don't think mascots got his personas or maybe they do. I don't know. I actually don't know the rules
I don't know the fursona rules
We're gonna cap it off with this uh tic-tac from live in sleazy
A member of of the greatest generation or at least a generation
See what he's got to say
87 year olds and sexually active
Interpreneur and I believe
Biden will be elected this year
He's an older man and he's having a hard time and and so he doesn't come across like
Say general eisenauer or general mccarthur. He's not a young person. He's an old person. But so what I'm old too
I'm older than he is for christ sakes. Shit, this guy's so
Comparatively well spoken. Anyway, he did say sexually active. Texas renaissance festival
for 72
years
Normally I don't drive
Because I don't see very clearly this guy does fuck. Oh shit
My theory is all the governors should be women and we should have a woman president. We should have a woman vice president
and
America will be fine
You know
I don't want to be an age of society
Swap this guy in for biden. I mean why not
Oddly sweet
He might have made a stronger case in that one minute tic-tac for being president than biden has in about
45 consecutive disastrous interviews
Oh, you've been hearing those from the walls. Yeah, unfortunately. I've been listening from the walls
Yeah, he already has a car. He doesn't need to be president. He's already king
And you can't take that away
That's monarchy at work. I learned that from king kappa
You know, it's a system that has a storied history
Stories to that history. Okay. Well, peter um
Oh nice a straight
Rounding it out with a nice nine for the day
Excellent debating chat chat was debating this whole time making it all seamlessly part of this debate stream
What was your favorite video here? That's the debate
I liked the last one. I can't believe it. I agree with peter the last one was my favorite
The sexually active part good for him huge if true or
You know, if it's depending on the medication huge if true
And good for him forward thinking late in life. We can all hope to be that way
Old man pound time
I guess after a certain age you've earned the right to just call your shot and say you're sexually active
Uh, okay. Well, peter, you know, usually I'm at it you for for crawling out of the walls living in the walls
The more I say it out loud just stop living in my walls note taken and disregarded but uh, thanks for hanging out
You kept it relatively civil and
You didn't bring up the wall that much. Well, you know, I'm on a break from the wall
I don't need to bring up home all the time when I'm on vacay
Okay. Well, and uh, I can't be stay because I need to return a
To the wall a
Doesn't rhyme if you just add a no it does it all right everything. I just said rhyme so
Take that to the bank and smoke it. That's my new catchphrase
Take that to the bank and smoke it new catchphrase unlocked way to go gorilla. We did it
Our best friends
I'll let you have it. Thank you and we'll see you all soon. Let's send it back to the main studio. Bye. Bye
Wow, we're in the last hour
It flies by
Time flies by when you're not doing it for
24 hours straight
An eight hour stream at least not done every day is the most manageable amount of time
I feel normal. I can actually eat after this and I've been eating already
It's a paradise papito
We should have done this sooner. You mean instead of 24 hour streams? Yeah, eight hour streams turns out much less impressive
amount of time but way better on your brain
Hey, my brain's fine. I'll keep going 16 more hours. That's twice as much time
Okay, I won't how does time work? Is that another two minutes? No, it's it's 16 more hours. Yeah about two minutes
No, that's that's more time than two minutes
So about three minutes
Yeah, I don't have three minutes. Okay, I get you
Someone shared this on twitter
This is courtesy of uh
Billy wolf spain
I don't know what this means, but i'm curious
Wrong one. It's just me googling news
Mr. Beast shoots beast games in las vegas superstar youtube philanthropist mr. Beast. Oh is this is this must be his amazon thing, right?
Upcoming reality competition 100 with 1,000 contestants competing for five million
Okay, so he set it off. Oh god. Look at the beast games assembling
You could be here too chat
Look at all of the influencers and trash bags
But why why are they in trash bags?
That's how jimmy and tyson's you check out the beast games
Excited to keep covering the story when we're not debating but for now it's a debate stream. Oh, yeah, um
Who is a guy?
Brad or
Tree
Who is a guy brad or tree?
Who's brad?
I think it's probably not the tree. Let's run over what we learned earlier. Um,
The acronym or whatever
I was watching jeb's thing
Tree Rollins is a guy
I don't know how we debate this. I don't know who brad or tree is well one is tree
And one is brad and i'm just asking questions here. I'll say brad and that's
Who knows that's not a debate. Good debate
smart tactic
I see what you did there. It's by saying it's not a debate
You got that's a good point
And we'll see we'll see
Okay, well, let's send it back to munchin crumb for
Debateably worse debates than that
But we'll see what else they got cooking. We got that and then we got joe rogan
Then I think we're caught up
We'll go
Munchin crumb joe rogan munchin crumb and see if anything else develops in the meantime, but for now it's more munchin crumb
How
Calluky chris i'm getting kooky on this motherfucker get ready to lose i'm warmed up now
What the shit stop shape shifting
But pito is just setting up some wires
Uh, i'm way ahead on the jets. I'm not sure if they're working still
I think that the crumb jets might have reverted back to adding new points
Let me test it real quick
This is crazy. How did you how did you mesh this up so much?
It mess up anything if anything is the universe
Correcting itself nature finds a way. No, here's our working. I just gave you a point for nothing
Which is how you've gotten every point you've ever gotten so I guess that's par for the course. I triggered it myself
I use 200 of my harder and channel points
To give myself a jet
Sorry, I the mchorser one won't work right now
Case has to case needs to fix the background graphic system to
Turn on and off depending on which studio he's in
But he hasn't yet just know right now only the crumb jets and the crumb
And the munch jets do anything. Oh, you're tired. I'm not tired. I'm tired of you
Well, I'm tired of you. So we agree on something. Oh, we do you're admitting we agree on something
No, I don't even agree with you on that. I'm actually not tired at all
I'm
Exhausted by my excellence and I'm awake again. So now we can debate
Okay, okay
Indiverse Han shaggy versus shaggy heaven verse hell glizzy verse taco sky verse ground was throwing some out
shaggy verse shah g that's pretty good
G41 verse g42. Okay original g4 verse g42.0. Let's do that one
It's been cooking for wait. We've done that one before haven't we we might have done that one before
But like all things g4 we can just bring it back again
And never stop talking about it. We never stopped bringing it up
Way too often
But this is the one place to do it. There's any audience to do it too. It's this one
All right. Well, then let's continue never stop stopping. I will take the side of
I'm gonna take g42. I think I took g4 one last time
Yeah
It's taking the opposite side. Yeah, I had to change it harder whatever. I it's like that. It's like a
JD prance or whatever. I love I love I hate trump. I love trump. I hate g4
I love g4 whatever I got the ridgid. I got the new one. I'm the new shit now. Okay fine. I'll take old g4
Look, it was more of an actual network. It had way more shows and a longer run. It was way more culturally relevant
um
Produced multiple it produced people with actual careers and relevancy
Unlike case that you stop shitting on case all the time at least I'm on the side of case
You are maybe depending on my mood motherfucker
I'm not shitting on case. I just you know, I'm trying to make an argument here
Well, look new g4, um
It had like a horse with a bird seed bag
That's fun
The mchorsework your argument is the mchorsework. Yeah, why not had the mchorsework
Old g4 didn't have that
uh
It might have no way it did and you can't prove that it did
It uh new g4 had um
Had golden boy
Oh, yeah, yeah golden boy. Nobody brings up how new g4 had golden boy a boy literally made of gold
Usually you have to put your finger up an ancient king's ass to get that kind of boy not a new g4
We just had one
So take that
We did had gb. I can't argue with that
Old g4 had ellison haste lift who let's be real
A heck of a gal a heck of a guy just say that you think she's hot
Heck of a gal trying to be polite while you're leering at some
Younger woman at least younger in the 2000
Do g4 did have a gena it had um
Boosted
Bring up boosted. Yeah new g4 had g4 again had boosted
Which came out around the same time as covet
And that is it not even a joke that writes itself. It's honestly probably unfortunate timing
Well, all right people are you won?
I made a strong point
A golden boy a horse one gena and boosted
Fuck you rather g4. Well, I mean I liked both. I guess I I honestly didn't really watch either
I
I'm more I would kind of in a politics at the time
This hater
This fucking hater. You know what? We know what we love
the wolves
The wolves that love victory the wolves at the gate that are victory wolves at the gate
That don't scare the peasants actually the peasants are like those are my wolves
I actually am one of those these wolves speak for the people. They are the people the people is me
I'm a wolf wolf king
I win my point is I win you're making less and less change to longer this goes
If I'm making so much sense that I put this I put fucking money on the table and I made wins
Shit my throat
Wolves are munching for america
Well, what are they munching on the kibble of desperation?
Wolves don't munch on kibble. They hunt and shit and they like they lick faces
They lick deep in the they like deep in the face
Which is just a wolf thing to do. That's how we do it
Wolves lick lick deep into the face. Look wolves like to lick each other's fucking wide open mouths. There's a wolf thing to do
That's why I shouldn't be french kissing. It should be wolf kissing, which is what I have always called it exactly family sinister debt
You're talking about wolves tongue out both tongueing their families
No, they're wolf tongueing their friends
They're found families in many cases their families
But it's wolf shit. It's this wolf thing to do
I can't help but the french stole that from wolves trying to make it their thing
If america could get back to its roots, we'd all be tongue kissing each other deep like the wolves that we are
Just in business meetings and shit except you you're not allowed. I don't want you tongue in my mouth because you're an enemy
Inside you there are two frenchies. Yeah, two two french kissing wolves aka wolf kissing wolves aka just wolves
Secretly the two wolves has been one wolf all along and that wolf is tongueing you
Really? I'm not arguing with you even
What are you talking about?
Yeah, you probably weren't s choir network fan you fake friend
People are throwing that accusation around on the stream a lot lately. Anyway, we scheduled it again. I think
Maybe g4 one one last time g4 1 1 but this time g4 2 1 so that's 2 to 1
1
I don't know man. I don't know
Shaggy vs. Shaggy
Which shaggy are these are more than one famous shaggy
Well, they're shaggy the singer which you would know if you were cultured
But is there a is there a famous shaggy beyond shaggy the stoner who solves mysteries and shaggy the singer
They don't know who got who got banned
Someone's been banned. I don't I lost track
But if they're not a wolf then I have no power just to stop them from being banned
So the question really is were they a wolf stop it with this wolf thing?
How many how many dudes think it's calling people wolves is cool every dude
And that's why and also a lot of ladies. You don't have to gender it wolves are just cool
We're wolves. I'm wolves my supporters are wolves all the turkeys in chat. They're voting for you
They're failing right now failing turkeys in chat successful wolves in chat because there's so many turkeys to chomp on
That's just the way it is anyway. Let's debate debate shaggy vs shaggy
Okay tart cartoon shaggy vs live action. Oh, that's two different shaggies as well. Which shaggy are I'm taking
caught me red-handed shaggy
aka this song
Y'all know what I'm talking about
No wait not this is a different yeah, this is the shaggy I'm talking about
Copy right strikes
Anyway, I gotta stop it because I do keep getting cases channel copyright struck
That's you. Yeah, I could keep like getting confused and copyright strike. Anyway, I like that shaggy
Well, I like the tune sandwich munching dog owning shaggy the action. Shit. It's shaggy versus shaggy
Those are both shaggy's. Okay, so I'm taking the side of Jedi shaggy. Well shit. That's um, fuck
I find known there was a Jedi shaggy
I would have still chosen it wasn't me shaggy
Who in a sense is the Jedi of music?
How was he a Jedi of music because he literally is caught red-handed?
And he says this is not the penis you're looking at. It wasn't me baby a Jedi
A better Jedi than shaggy ever was nobody even knows him as a Jedi
They mostly think he eats fucking big baloney sand which is with a dog
Which is not a Jedi thing to do if anything that's more of a
Rebel thing to do. That's more like a Han Solo thing
Shaggy is more of a Han Solo than a Jedi. He's a fake Jedi fake friend
They're not a fake friend just because
If you do one fake thing that doesn't make you a fake friend, that's a separate debate
You're ad hominizing and I will not harmonize with you
Look shaggy shag shaggy shaggy
Look, you can't even say it right shaggy
Combines the lovable nature of shaggy with the discipline of a Jedi
Those are two contradictory things you can't combine the discipline of a Jedi with the lovable carefree nature of a shaggy
But what if you can square that circle?
Resolve the contradictions within and actually be at one with the nature of the universe embracing both your own nature
And the external world as it presents itself to you
Becoming a Jedi becoming one
acceptance of force
Probably some lightsaber stuff
the Jedi's
What are the values of Jedi's they like they're peaceful except when they fight
They accept the world except when they don't
and
They lift shit with their brains
but not their brains with
Little force guys that live in their blood
fine
Bring those open mouths over to me, baby. We've done it again the wolves of war
This is how we run like the fucking terminator wolves running like human terminators. That's what's coming for you straight out of the chat
106
109
Secretly the only reason I let you get to 109 before I did is so that vertically I could spell 69 you little bitch
That's just lucky
And you would have done that you would have spelled it reverse vertically probably no
This is all a plant been a plan to spell 69 but vertically
And success the wolves have done it again. We've never lost for a second great work everyone
I love it when a plan comes together
Stop pulling your phantom hair
No, I just had a there's a flyer on my head. How many flies are in this place?
Sarah Underwood. Oh, yeah, Sarah Underwood
What's she on with she was on with kevin for a bit. Yeah, she was there. You said you didn't watch
I tricked you
Yeah, but I've seen
I mean I've googled Sarah Underwood
Really
Well, I wonder if belulia will have anything to say about that
your googling habits
Well, actually she'd be fine with it because
We share
Web browser histories all the time. We're into looking at each other's
Stuff and it's fine
I just I wouldn't want to imply that I'm
Googling a woman just to
Gaze upon her
Isn't the reason she's modeling to be looked at
Why do you live with this pathetic sense of shame? That's actually a great point. I guess I don't need to be ashamed of
Natural desires to see
Box from beautiful ladies
Rushing their body and but a guy that was a trick because you do gross. I can't believe you admitted it
Can't believe you admitted it you looking at that poor lady
She might have put it on the internet, but she never meant for you to see it
It's fine when I do it, but obviously it's not fine when you do it. That's horrible, man
Well, look the point is she was a good host. Yeah, she was she was
I believe she did the naked bike ride on the ogg for tv
They show that on it was really high up in the cable show
They could get away with very minimal blurs
How much have heard how much googling did you do? I'm just a fan. I'm just a fan. So I'm familiar with a lot of specifically her work
Yeah, man
You're the one guy keeping playboy in business, aren't you? No, there's lots of us plenty of us are subscribed
Because they show women what they have a classy way of showing nude forms
Okay, uh, well look that's fine for now. Let's go
To let them let's let rogan say whatever he's gonna say
Just to really, you know complete
Complete the vibe today
The don't forget the headline. We just fucking absolutely
Crushed this man into the dirt. It was pretty close. No, I actually wasn't really that close this is closest time
It's funny you to say
You just try to shush me. I just like to point out. I'm sure ahead. Yeah. Yeah
ahead of getting ahead of your inevitable loss anyway
That's all the time we have pulling back some round out the stream after this rogan thing most likely depending on how much time was left
Bye. Bye
His dad is pray playboy's princess
They have the magazine still like you could buy
The last playboy I can remember like seeing a physical copy of I feel like was
When I was still too young to like buy them
Like before I was 18 like in an airport
There'd be like playboys that had
Plastic wrapping around them to cover up like the the boobs on the front of the magazine
I don't know if I've
I don't know if I've seen a playboy like since I was 16
Like in a store
But maybe there's still somewhere
There's got to be like a market for
Actual like there's probably still some weird select market that likes to buy
Analog magazines
But maybe it's got to be more like a collector's item now
I just feel like there's a market for
There's got to be a specific fetish for like no I need to see a naked woman in a magazine
The rabbit hole of sexual interest has to go deep enough that there must be some market
Out there being served
But maybe not by playboy and it seems like that magazine to cost a lot of money to make
Do they even have a website anymore? Is is playboy still in business?
I you know, I guess that their their branding is still really popular
Yep, it's still in business
Does playboy still print magazines?
Sears about to make a comeback. Yeah, retro. Oh, they stopped printing
Amid coronavirus disruption damn they were going tell tell covet
Looks like I have not come back
well, you know
It seems like the internet is like a place where things
um
Go and like exist forever
But I bet
Uh, I've heard recently that like
Not maybe not recently, but I just heard that there's a lot of like um
Archive there's a lot of people considering that that even the obscure things on the internet basically
It's like one of the least secure places
to keep information
Because there is actually sort of a turnover where things just vanish, which is a long way of saying
Them switching to away from print means some of the nude women on their website
Could be lost to the sands of time eventually even though it seems like the more obvious place to put stuff
We need print out. We need we need an army of uh of creeps with printers
For posterity sake to print out every nude woman on the internet
And store it for all time
The internet archive is super important yet. I was watching I can't remember what the video I was watching on like
Archiving in the internet was
But it was making a point that like
A lot of a lot of stuff that you would think you could still find on the internet
Even some things that were popular at some point and like the early days of the internet are are actually
Unlocatable but then again, I feel like I can find almost anything on the internet. So I don't know
Print media still booming in Japan. It's because they're connoisseurs
Okay, let's um send it over to the rogans
We're in the home stretch now
You can ask them questions with exclamation point q if you'd like
That is still auto populating
genius forehead versus cases asshole all of the rogans run through some of these
exclamation point q questions
Man what what is bigger?
Who knows let's send it over there
It's time for double the rogan double the fun
It's too job
The joe rogan experience
Hopefully this is just working this time. Oh, yeah, we're in business
Jamie's giving me the thumbs up
Uh, just to be clear he's making a bunch of paper mache hands
He's moved on from that from
Is disappearing jay me act to he's trying to make holcans button holcans you make at home
Yeah, he's just putting together all sorts of
Covering his hands and all sorts of sticky objects and
He kind of figured out paper mache to make a big thumbs up, but
or like he's
I don't know holding a boulder with like a weird ridge in it
Anyway, I think he's giving us the thumbs up. So I guess we can be heard
Yeah, coming in flawlessly. All right. Well, like look apparently we're debating we're fighting this guy's shad or something or
Weird we're not really capable of disagreeing. Yeah, we figure that out like
We kind of just
You know when you're right, you're right and I can't just
Look at the I gotta be honest. I gotta admit when someone's writing that I this guy's just always right
Yeah, I mean, I hate to say it like I gotta really open my butt. I just never I never disagree with you
So anyway, we'll debate this stuff, but just know we're gonna be on the exact same side
So it's on you to disagree if you're disagree with us if you want
Uh bill versus tad bill. Yeah, I gotta go bill as well. I know a lot of good bills
I don't barely any teds. Is Ted lasso
Um, but I don't know he doesn't
Really coach soccer that well in my opinion
He's like one of those positivity guys, which is fun for a little while, but
What other teds do I know Ted and?
Ted the bear
Well, Ted the bear is pretty good
Because he's like a bear, but with attitude like sonic which talked about earlier who I like now
Yeah, I mean I'm a fan of sonic as well and and Ted arguably has always this much attitude
Anyway, I know a lot of good bills
Like yeah, there's the
Bill Bellamy
Oh, yeah, Bill Bellamy is one of the best bills there are Buffalo Bill
Um these friends of the late great had a collector who's huge right now
I didn't realize had a collector is making such a huge comeback, but I mean considering how big
Buffalo big big had a collector is I mean the cunt they're streaming over the border apparently
Dude head of electors are coming in from everywhere
So I have to assume the Buffalo bills are probably gonna make a comeback soon too
Is it crazy how many had a collector's there?
Yeah, I mean I kind of I thought it was like one, but
Oh, Ted Bundy and Ted Kaczynski is that like L Bundy
Because I like L Bundy. It's like he's got kids
but I mean like
Sometimes he wishes he does not and I can relate to that
Ted night
Anyway, Ted and Ted wins Ted wins that debate
Dude, that was a close one, but I'm glad that Ted won for a second. I was like
Oh wait Ted won
Oh, shit that I forget which one we were on are we on bill or Ted Ted, so I guess we lost off
Wait, no, you just said Ted
Well, we were on bill. Yeah, we were on bill and we lost to Ted
But I have to call it like I see it Ted won that one. Yeah more people did write Ted's name in chat, so
All right Avengers versus X-Men
Eee
Are they the same guy?
X-Men is
Wolverine
It'll Avengers is Robert Downey Jr. Who I've had on the podcast is Greg. I hate you
um
So I think I got to go with my man Robert
Well, I don't think it's an X-Men. He's an X. He's an ex-alcoholic. He's talked about that a lot
Oh, that's true. Was he at X-Men?
He did tell me that he's an ex-alcoholic. I guess he's on both teams then
Who else do I know that's one of these guys?
um
Jordan Peterson talks about X and Y chromosomes a lot. Does that make him an X-Men?
I am friends with Jordan Peters and that's true
Hmm
Hey Joe
Avengers but the British show
I'm gonna just
Because I don't want to like I don't want to diminish Robert Downey Jr. sobriety. I'm gonna go with X-Men
Yeah, I think that's smart
I think that's where I'm gonna go with X-Men as well and I do think they won and that was a close one
But I'm rather we could solve another debate
You know, I mean that's the power of open discourse like we talked her way through it like sometimes it's okay to disagree
We shouldn't be clear we never have but like hypothetically it would be and we did an X-Men one
A tattooed teenage alien fighters from Beverly Hills versus superhuman samurai
Tattooed teenage alien fighters and they're from Beverly Hills
As far as I can tell they're from Beverly Hills and it's verse superhuman samurai
And am I allowed to even ask if they're from japan or is that considered problematic? No
That's so fucking crazy. You can't even ask if superhuman samurai are from japan without people getting offended
No, it is dude. Everyone talks about that and how offended they are about specifically that and for that reason
I'm gonna choose superhuman samurai because I'm not afraid
That's extremely brave
Because like you can literally be cancelled probably for even talking about samurai's
Because it's like not our word or whatever. You're being so brave right now
Yeah, dude, I mean it takes a special kind of bravery to go out on a limb
But unfortunately for some reason the Beverly Hills one did win that one. Oh, yeah
For some reason I agree with you there. Yeah, I did win so we did lose that one
But we were really brave you've been a defeat. Yeah, it's important to be bread did
I really mean like a lot of people are afraid to like admit when they're brave
Sometimes the bravest thing of all you can do is admit when you're right
Yeah, because it's so easy to say that you're wrong and take responsibility for like the things you've said that are wrong
and like
Your friends call you and they say hey, well you said today let me hurt me
And I'm worried about some of the ideas you're putting out there. They're dangerous
And you could be like a coward and say like
My bad. I was wrong. But what if you're right and that's what I'm not afraid to say to you?
Thank you
Thank you for your bravery
Nickelodeon versus Carti Network Carti Network
Yeah, I'm gonna have to say Carti Network there
Um, I don't remember what's on Carti Network
Chew wait, which one had Ren and Stimpy
Okay
Yeah, Joe your back hair is looking incredible in there the hair that's about the back of your head
Face off I've uh, I've easily had that cut into the back of my head
Also, Jamie, we only have 34 minutes left on a stream if you can keep track of that
You could make more marks on the wall to note that it's 34 minutes
And Damien Jamie is scraping marks in the wall right now and I I can only hope that it's so he can count
But it's probably not. Oh, is that called a top knot?
Anyway, I'm gonna go with whichever one had Ren and Stimpy
I think Nickelodeon actually then
Yeah, because like that show was like fucked up, dude
It's crazy. Also sometimes they'd have like
Just uncensored versions of that where like Ren gets straight up laid, dude. It's crazy
He plays you crazy stuff in the 90s. They used to show that to kids
They'd say letting this tiny angry dog have sex with a bikini model that everyone is like
That's just learning
Yeah, that was considered a learning show for kids
That's why yeah, Nick and MTV used to share all of their programming
He'd be starting to Amy says he in question if anybody's wanting we're just two Joe Rogan's having a conversation
I mean, there's uh, you know
We do it every day. We literally do it non-stop
We cross live conversations. Anyway, I miss when MTV used to have singled out
And they play beefy simple-headed stuff
And that also cartoon and then also Nickelodeon would play those same things during Nick at night
Yeah, I mean those were the days and then MTV would play Maya the bee
What a time to be alive
Gina's forehead versus case's asshole. I don't really know case
And Gina seems like a lovely lady. So I guess whatever part we're talking about from her. I prefer
Yeah, that's fair as well like
Sorry, james asked me if I'm eating my food
The answer is I've never missed a macro for a second and absolutely
And in 30 minutes, I'm gonna resume my macula diet and don't even worry
I could have said it better myself
What are your iron levels like
I guess the debate there would be between good and bad and mine are great
Some of the best iron levels around actually are what we have extremely high
I actually like eight percent iron
If I was around magneto, he could straight up Wolverine me
He could like suck all the iron out of my body and kill me. That's how good my iron levels are
As you put up enough iron it actually increases the amount of your blood and ours is near max
I've been told that it's almost as much as I can have
And I do plan on getting the last little bit because I'm a little bit of a completionist when it comes to the chemicals in my blood
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I mean we're two Joe Rogans. That's why we sound like this
We sound exactly like us
That's true. I've always said that I do sound like me
And you sound like me too, dude you sound so much like me. It's crazy
Like really good job and good job as to you as well. Like you sound so much like me. It's really really good
Goku vs Vegeta
Those are the two anger guys with the hair
Yeah, if one and other than they're both pissed they're strong as hell they have crazy hair
And it gets more crazy the more pissed they get
Well, whose hair gets the craziest when they get the most pissed
Based on my understanding Goku's hair gets even bigger what when he's not quite maximum pissed
But he's about three levels of pissed
And I do think three levels of pissed is a good level of pissed. So I'm gonna go with Goku
I mean if his hair is bigger then it's hard to argue against it
Does Vegeta have a gun
Ooh, if he's a gun owner then I do appreciate that he's standing up for that right because a lot of people don't even want
You to have a gun anymore. Yeah, I mean, you know, everybody's always freaking out about the idea of like
cartoons having a gun or
Me giving my six-year-old a gun or like at least guns around the house or whatever. Well
Only they got to defend the universe and Vegeta knows that I guess for me
It's a bit of a toss up and I am being informed that it actually is a toss up between those two that one was a 50-50
Because one has digger hair, but one does have a gun
Oh, Goku has a fish if I if we had known they could have pushed him over the edge, but let's take one more
Uh, Louis CK first Dave Chappelle. Well, those are both huge friends of the pod
Like a lot of people what did they combined into?
Well, Lou
Dave Lopel
Dave Lopelk you got the k at the end there
Dave CK that's a little cleaner
Yeah, they did the fusion dance and combine I think that would probably be
That would probably be the best option because you have all the weird sex stuff
of
Louis CK
um
Plus all the brave statements made by Dave Chappelle
Combining them into a break super pervert of truth
And that's we're too we silenced too many of our brave super perverts
And sometimes, you know, don't shoot the messenger. Just let the messenger shoot off in a corner. That's what I always say
Well, I couldn't set a better myself dude. The winner is Dave CK
Yeah, exactly skimer
Bravely super purting his way to the super perverting his way to the truth in front of all of us whether we like it or not
Yeah, sometimes
sometimes like, you know
They just got to do stuff that people actively say
Oh god
no
No, that's awful
Yeah, if every time someone said hey, that's awful stop I had
Just came to that
I wouldn't I wouldn't be sitting here right now. That's true if if it weren't for awful things continuing
I might never have been here. Hey, Joe. How's it going?
We're gonna go get boba after this me and Joe
This is Joe
Yeah, and I'm also actually here with Joe
Joe's over here too
Yeah, it's great to see you Joe. Well, Joe wants to go get boba
So we're gonna go get out of here me Joe Joe and Joe
Yeah, Joe and I and Joe and Joe are probably gonna go get boba. I call sometimes I call it joba
I didn't actually own the place but
Anyway, uh, Jamie is just calling at the walls now. He's gone totally feral
I don't think he's counting so
We probably have to deal with that and then we need to get some boba, but um, just remember to stay brave
continue to do things that
People hate if you know, they're right which I've decided they are and I've agreed as well
So I see no reason to stop and we'll be back
I'm Joe Rogan and that's Joe Rogan
And I'm also Joe Rogan and the two Joe Robins are already on their way. It's we better catch the Joe Rogan experience
And so fast
No transition
Okay, we're in the last 27 minutes
I don't think I've missed any requests
We did get a conspiracy time shit. Okay, we're gonna do a quick conspiracy time
The secret character of bin
aka uh
Guy redacted
Who rudely replaced clem after his vanishing act?
But also by request replaced him let's send it over to conspiracy time. I'm sure there's something he can debate
Then we'll end it with munch and crumb for the last 15 minutes or so
And that's a debate. That's eight hours of I'm gonna say debate. We're almost there
But first we have to surmount the hill
that is
Semper truth. Yeah, that's what it called
My music stopped. There we go
Wait a minute. You can't call that number
I gotta hide that phone number. Shoot. How do I even hide it?
There we go
That's not working right now. So you know you can't leave a voicemail there if you'd like but
Don't get confused. I'm guy redacted. I'm here to cover the truth
And nothing but the truth and also sometimes like youtube videos which are the truth
But don't get confused
The question that we are here today to answer is from revered revered reverie wolf
Which is where is he? And that's a great question
Where is he?
I've been wondering where he is for a long time
And sometimes the the best place to start is is just to ask the question
Where is he?
Here's an example
Of what happens when you type that question into youtube
This is the starting point. I think this is a safe place to start as we unravel this grand conspiracy
From one professional to another if you're trying to scare somebody pick a better spot from this height
Four wouldn't kill me. I'm counting on it
Where's he?
I don't know where where he is. He found he doesn't know
Another dead end
That's why there's this such a complicated question to answer
Because you ask
People just look at you. They're like
Who okay
Here's another. Here's another question. This clip is also called. Where is he?
Fair question
I feel like I should have had a fucking star
My guy's gonna show up dude. He's gonna show up
You gonna show up?
Where is he?
That was the most hype they've ever heard
I don't even know
I literally don't even know
Who are they talking about? Where was who who is he? Where is he?
No answers yet again. That's just simple question and yet powers to be
You get a simple question
No answers
Literally no answers
Okay, here's another great question
I've asked again
Where is he?
And this is the only answer I can find. Let's see if we have any more luck
Is it a real life version of castaway? That's what the world is trying to figure out after a man claims
He spent more than a year adrift in the pacific ocean
Is the modern day right now story of a man who says he's been lost at sea for over a year
How many days were you out on that boat?
I had 438 days
Wow, that's incredible
14 months lost at sea
Salvador Averango was fishing off the coast of mexico in this 25 foot long boat with only one other crew member
Ezequiel Cordova a storm swept them far from shore two fears for any rescue attempt
What was the biggest challenge in those early days?
The thirst he says at first we didn't notice our hunger thirsty for knowledge. We had no rain for a month
What do you do for food?
It was tough we ate birds that landed on the boat
We cut their throat and drink their blood and it made us feel better
How did you catch fish with no hooks or lines?
With your bare hands
What's happening to Cordova
As time is passing
He would cry a lot and talk about his family
Cordova was 22 years old. He made a dying wish to alvarenca visit my mother
I thought my god, I'm alone now
I was starting to go crazy and I needed to let him go so I put his body in the water
Where though?
Where are you talking about suicide? What kept you?
From doing that
I needed god salvation. I never lost my faith. What was it like to hit land?
I felt the waves the sand I didn't care if I died right there
The debate continues about whether this story can be real to me
This is not a person who has been drifting for over a year in the ocean
Wait, he's not saying where he is where he is not where he's saying he is
Then where is he is the question? What's the controversy? Let's find out today
That some people in the initial days didn't believe your story
I have no reason to lie. It was a miracle from god
Oceanographers say this improbable survival was entirely possible
Buies and weather models show an ocean drift match alvarenca's
26,000 mile journey west after his rescue alvarenca visited cordoba's mother keeping his promise
Today he is back in el salvador mending a relationship with this a strange daughter
He's the subject of a book chronicling his survival
He prays every day
But he still suffers from severe trauma and sees a therapist as far as the ocean
Alvarenca can't bear to go in it anymore
Feliz que
I'm happy to be with my family. I am simply glad I'm here
Damn
So we just heard the heart-wrenching tale
Of a man who was where he is
Which was the ocean
But there were those who said where is he really though that there
And so even when you know where he is
Is he where is still the question?
But what if I told you
That I do in fact have he
here
Ready to be where he is
Possibly usually I don't do this but earlier this week. I recorded a conversation with he to ask where let's go to it now
Hello, um, am I speaking with he? I'm he
aware
What
Where is he?
I'm over here
Okay, and you're staying there
I might go get a burrito and then where will he be?
At the burrito place and after that
I uh
I don't know and there you have it even he doesn't know
Thank you for having me and thank you for being honest
That's just how it is sometimes
The long winding path of truth doesn't always lead you to answer today
We ask where is he and I leave not even knowing if he's who
Or where
But it's been a long debate
And it's never been settled and it literally never will be
Because where I'll be is at the truth and where he is
Is anybody's guess
Stay safe out there
Stay seeking
The honesty and most of all
Stem pair truth. We'll see you soon. Bye. Bye, but I'll be done Kendall in
16 minutes
Yeah, but that boba plays double till midnight. I streamed for too long and now Kendall doesn't want boba
No, but I feel like I ruined it. I ruined your boba dreams
We thought it was earlier, but it is almost 11
Two minutes to 11 in fact
Just quit now. It's fine. I mean, yeah, it would be fine, but we're so close. We're 15 minutes away
Passified by the power of time. You thought he had some beef with papito guy redacted and papito. Are they feuding?
papito, are you
Feuding with guy redacted. I don't know. Is he a guy?
Yeah, okay. Yeah, I am
Oh, I don't like the way he's doing that
Hmm a lot of vagueness going on today. Yeah, and I'm tired of that
Okay, well shoot. I didn't know you guys were really at each other's throats that guys. What? Yeah, I am
Shit. All right. Well sparked off that feud quick and I won't take
That for an answer
Eight hours has broken the brains of many members of this stream. Not mine. I'm actually probably more sharp than usual
That's possible
We're almost there eight hours
Of debate. It's mostly been debate
It's at least been debate themed and now let's
sign off
with the classic debate
Of munched versing crumb on whatever you guys feel like let's set it over there and they'll send us away
Back to the real world
Aside from munchin crumb
eight verse 24 hour streams
Um 24 because I'm not afraid. Oh, we're just starting with a debate right away. You're not gonna
Make easy jokes about my appearance
Well, there's no easy joke about your appearance because I have to look at you while I make them
That's the biggest challenge of all
Delicious boba versus delicious sleep. I honestly feel fine. It's only been eight hours
Which is why eight hour streams are better. Yeah, but 24 hour streams are
Herculane and incredible. It's not herculane. It just forces yourself to stay awake
College kids have been doing that for centuries. Anyway, if we if we don't have a mod that might be making that debate
We can get into an eight verse 24
I mean we can get three debates in if you just hurry it up my your song is so long. Oh my gosh so quick
Thank you so much
Eight hours verse 24 hours you just burp. Yeah, I did
Burped at the concept of 24 being less than eight. One of the number is obviously higher. I'm just saying quality versus quantity
I think the ideal would be a more heavily formatted eight hour stream if you're gonna do an event stream
Just blow it out with some cool stuff
I think the reason people do 24 hour streams is um, you don't really have to plan them or do as much
You just have to say hey, I'm gonna be in my usual setup
But for longer than usual the spectacle of it is literally just seeing me torture my brain
For about 16 hours hours longer than I should I think an eight hour stream
It could potentially be a more impressive feat. It just requires a little bit of planning and preparation
Well, yeah, but we didn't do that. Well, yes case didn't really do that for this
But he did a lay you made a little he made a weird
Voidy segment thing and had a two guys come over
Does that count as an event? Yeah having two friends over and making them
Talk about how their cannibals I think counts. That's why eight hours streams are superior. Yeah, but on the 24 hour stream
We probably debated more than this
I don't did we how many did we do today? I think we did about 10 today. That's
We probably did
10 or so on the 24 hour one granted though this was supposed to be a stream we're sending around debate, which is
Technically the thing that we do although I would say I debate and you mostly just
How did you miss this? Well, don't worry. It'll it'll exist as a vod of excellence
The wolves won't stop howling they keep the vod alive with their wolf energy
That's the power of us wolves
Wolves, of course being those who support me and the classic name for all crumb supporters being turkeys
turkeys are
Are important animal as well?
There if you got even more voluminous brush the chickens I prefer turkey meat if my point is eight hour streams
Not how you talk about turkeys. You got clothing distracted and that was intentional on my part
I was using tactics that I learned from that harvard guy. I determined that your
Interests weren't aligned with me because my interest wasn't crushing you into the dust
Which I did and thus I passed his test my point is I went
Somebody thought they were gonna
Hold down the sprint button while climbing shoot past me to the moon turns out. I'm not even nipping at your heels
I'm devouring your heels
I'm a way to devouring your entire legs then getting sick because I realize that I'm eating you and I don't want your
Meat vomiting your body back up so that you can look at it while you die
Because you're a wolf
Eating my legs because I'm you're a wolf. Oh, yeah. Well innocent metaphor. I'm a human with a knife and a fork
Having a nice
Crumb dinner, but it's not nice. That's why I puke. I don't care. Whatever eat my legs
Good luck
Good luck. Good luck eating my taut
powerful legs
I've been told I have the legs of a sumo wrestler
Stalky and strong
Standing by ground against the tides of stupidity as they buffet me in the ocean
of my mind
You're the tide you're dumb
You're dumb
Dumb enough to fucking win. Boom. That's two in a row. It's been too long. It's never been I win all the time
Two in a row though, which I do all the time
But I am celebrating because you got to celebrate excellence, which I am
having never lost
Three in a row
Maybe I just said two so that somebody could point and I'm wrong and then celebrate three in a row
Oh, what three?
Yeah, but I've had I probably had five in a row so
Who's counting?
Who's counting?
I hit the wrong button
That's what you do when you win three in a row you play your country song again
Let's do another debate and then
I'm gonna country jamboree you
What? Yeah, that's right. We're gonna country jamboree our way out of here
You think you got such a great country song? I bet I could country jamboree you
Under the table you can't country jamboree me under the table and the table. I am the table
Debate better skater bobby mcfaren or the
scat man. Oh better scatter. Hmm. Scatter. Does Bobby McFerrin spell skating wrong? Because
then I can use his skating acumen to defend him. Wait there was one other one that we
also wanted to do. Delicious boba vs. delicious sleep. Well I think we can have our cake and
boba it too. Uh less than nine minutes. Yeah we'll end up with this country jambore eight.
We're gonna do it. We had some other ones in the queue. Joe Rogan vs. Joe Roe. Well
they're the same one though so I don't think I can. Freddie vs. Jason. What is it
like to be made feel made to feel small? That's pretty good. Kojima vs. Fiona.
Hmm. We did stated sonic vs. Banjo. Up vs. down. Down. Up. All right. You think
you can country jambore eight yourself? Out of up vs. down when I already picked
down? Too late you can't have it. I wouldn't want down. I like up. That's
because you're not down. That's because you're not down and you've never been.
Get me a country song. Shit we gotta mute this other song. Country song.
Instrumental. Shit I gotta hurry modern. Pop. Fuck. Too many words. What did I
use to get those ones earlier? Okay okay okay. Yeah this is always. Shit.
Can I auto tune myself? The classic country song. I can auto tune myself. Oh well.
Sometimes you don't get to auto tune yourself. And that's okay. Damn it stop.
Stop doing that to my voice. I'm here to sing country song damn it. This is
munch cuss country voice. And this is crime country voice. And munch cuss always had
a better country voice because I made the choice. You got a friend don't turn
that shit up. Turn it down if you know what is up. Because what is up is down.
All around this damn town used to build steel here but now we're all too down.
Manufacturers left and my dog going hungry. But I'll tell you something if it ain't
funny is that on the way down you don't even need to never go up. We go down.
Down south is the place that we live around in this country town. We going
down you know we going down. But on the other side we go up. We've had enough
and we're up. We might be in the south but down south we know what's up and that's up
because we've had enough. Oh north ain't a dirty word. I heard from a little bird that was putting
out a big white turd that north is the word and the word is the bird and up top we've got
some good stuff have you heard. Oh here we going. That's a country jamboree.
Munch cut taking this shit because he's great we staying down. I submit defeat. This country
jamboree was not for me. I've lost but I'm still the boss. I take that shit up top because I'm hot
off the shosh of the brain. This is that country part where they rap bridge style rap rap rap country
on the attack big crumb coming in bridge for shut the fuck up. This is my fucking song.
Country sound down downtown America's changed man. Used to be main street. Now every time that I go
downtown I see a fleet feet shit used to buy boots downtown at the local cobbler now it's fleet feet
when are they gonna stop girl used to buy a truck at the Chevy plant nice Toyota wash up
with that Japanese trucks man American bill that's how I feel main streets where we're living down
so where we built this whole country we get real country down so going down is how I feel we stay
down we stay down country downtown living man that's how we're going down and never down and we never
stay down while we're going down down. I love my country. You're going down but you're staying
down I'm so confused. A one that's two points because that's the country jamboree it's one point
it was already established as one point you can't add a point meaning I do end up ahead of you and
that's only an eight if you got an eight on pitchfork that means you don't even crack their end of the
year top albums list so take that it's a fucking hit sorry that you can't handle that as a hit
I'll tell you what you also can't handle boom I win a win for the night last person to win for the
night wins I'm ahead yeah pitchfork are a bunch of assholes they're exactly the kind of people
that country down the song is talking about it's not a song you just said down a lot
you're not down of unsurprising because somebody's up but the winner tonight is down all the
wolves are down the turkeys probably looking up drowning in the rain turkeys literally
look up and drown that's how dumb they are the scoreboard does update now actually
I made someone come in and fix all the graphics so when everything plays it just happens all at once
you didn't do that I did that yeah but I told you to do that well congrats you're almost
tied with me good luck this is what happens us wolves luring you into that false sense of
confidence this is exactly where wolves want to be just behind you intentionally in the big spoon
position really the only reason my score is lower than yours is because I'm the big spoon which has
to stay behind the little spoon your score is actually smaller than mine because I'm behind you
that's just big spoon logic and you're done wolves are always in the back which is kind of like down
you go down to go to the back you go up to go to the front of the store you did you know
that's true you go up to go to the front of what a building yeah you go up if you're like leaving
I'm gonna go up out of here but you're gonna go down into here that's not you might go down
divorced from any context either could be neither look you really had a lot of strong debates
today most of which I won I actually think I might have won more than you because I think I was
you were more behind me but maybe now I'm more ahead of you because I wanted point is that I've
think that it's pretty clear who won today we don't back down exactly around this town
where we're down we've been around and that's just the south something you'll never understand
I think I'm more southern than you trying to geolocate where ancient as Syria is on the north
shouts oh you admit that I'm an ancient Assyrian king no I don't I think you're
probably like a white guy from the Midwest who's insane
and that's America and that's all the time we have for today I have a beautiful night the rest of you
let's send it back to case so he can say bye bye because this about to be eight hours what an
incredible eight hours there were eight hours I just non-stop won the whole time never losing
country jamboree our way back to great get greatness make America jamboree again and I'd say we
accomplished that which was the goal all along surprise bye bye eight seven the world's most preset
New Year's countdown arbitrarily said whoa
it auto cut it's like you're done this stream is done we're cutting back to the opening
uh thanks for hanging out guys honestly not that long of a stream but long for a debate if it had
been an you know what maybe the next challenge is eight hours of the same debate just a literal
eight hour debate but we really got to pick a subject that we can string along for eight hours
that's that's combining the stupidity of going for 24 hours with the word debate and then taking
16 hours off not really combining anything anything actually honestly talking for eight hours might
have fried my brain so let me tell 24 hour stream uh looks like still do is on I haven't rated a
I haven't rated a boy still boo ah quite a while little value he is playing control part four
Dylan what is that yeah take care everybody thanks so much for hanging out for this longer one
on a Saturday I meant to be done several hours ago by starting earlier but you know what
is a good way to set a spend a Saturday now I gotta go fucking party all over town as I always do
yeah I had a big old bug in my throat huge bug with a deep voice oh okay I gotta I gotta go
okay we're rating still do I type it with my paws and I don't understand what I did because I'm a dog
but it's happening he's gifted he's a natural he doesn't have to know I don't have to know and I don't
but it's happening have a great night everybody I can't read but have a great night man
I'm gonna sit it together and I probably can't get a great night skyman there's zero left
I can't eat it I can't eat the numbers they're graphic you can't eat them I can't eat graphics
this whole time good question all right uh it's a case raid it's a debate rate
Steve you can get uh Dylan to start just doing debates keep it going turn it into a 24-hour
debate stream like a virus we infect other streams with our debate energy we are the
debate lords that's what this stream is all about you've all become debate lords now sorry
I've given you the virus okay have fun with Dylan we'll see you on Monday with Cas
over on Casim stream for the Colin show and then maybe I'll do a little news stream afterwards
and then we'll be back next week with more stuff okay bye bye have a great night