I'm Papito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
It was daddy that's bomb ran together for old times sake.
Not cases brother said deep in the ancient times before times there was a guy falling down the stairs all the time
he had a huge go and he was filled with piss and this was the way that he chose to live chibi chase.
We're live in 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. Let's news it!
I'm Papito!
Oh my!
What a data news everybody!
It is Monday after another lovely weekend I'm hoping for everyone.
And by that I mean hoping for everyone knowing that for most many people one of the worst weekends ever.
Um...
Okay! Good to see everyone.
Live in sleazy ABCP, Reverie Wolf, Greg T.U., Mighty Oz,
Propaganda, Don Johnson, Bodzai Bullfrog, Steve's in chat,
MSG, the Mighty Oz, S1000, good to see everybody.
Zuh! Screen names.
Wacos aren't good to see you.
Yes, yes, yes!
Uh... You know we... I started doing this stream not that long before October 7th.
Um, in 2023 that is. Not the various memorial ones that we've covered since then.
And I remember the time thinking like,
this is a weird venue to talk about this.
Um, and that energy will continue today and has continued every day since.
Um, so there's no real great way to get into it, you know, given the tone of this stream.
For instance stuff like that happens all the time.
For instance whatever that was is the thing that happens on this particular stream.
But you know, it has never stopped us before from talking about this kind of thing,
so I guess let's do it anyway.
I had my box up that has a big snap camera,
so I'm just symbolizing it because I was taking a big shit.
Great.
You're gonna talk about war?
Yup.
I got nothing to offer on that.
If I can't eat it, then can I eat war?
Can eat some of its byproducts.
Well then as a dog, you guys figure it out man.
I take plenty of shits.
That's true. I can't deny that.
So anyway we're gonna get into it.
Into the war stuff.
Yes, Pepito, into the war stuff.
Seems like a good idea.
Let's talk about it. It's news time.
It's still over time.
Don't let them take it from you.
Look.
Some of you might not be happy to see me.
I get that.
Suddenly, people in favor of war with Iran are the bad guys.
But let me just say that I'm not happy with Iran.
I'm not happy with Iran.
I'm not happy with Iran.
War with Iran are the bad guys.
But let me just say this.
You'll see.
You'll see what you'll be thinking.
Us for...
What are we gonna see?
You'll...
Look, everybody said when they cast Heath Ledger as the Joker.
Look, Banzai Bullfrog with the 300 bits.
Anyway, let's move on.
Listen up, Jack. Banzai Bullfrog just mimed a jammed 300 shiny tasty coins.
And I've been dying to say this.
How come the only place Americans would like a regime change is America right now?
Yeah, you know, I might be in favor of that particular regime change war, Rick.
Any plans to do that?
No. Here?
You think this is a place where we face consequences?
I think it could be, Rick.
No, come on.
Where'd the... Where'd the craps table, baby?
And we're letting it roll.
And we've got nothing but every number but seven.
And there's no reason to think that we'll ever get...
a bad number.
I understand. People are probably nervous because...
our planes are falling out of the sky and, um...
the entire Middle East is on fire.
And we've had to evacuate a number of bases.
And the amount of U.S. casualties is being most likely under-reported.
And there's already a bunch of soldiers that have died or been wounded.
And we bomb 60 girls and now more every day.
60 little girls in a school.
And yada, yada, yada.
That's all stuff that happens.
Can we just get on board with that's all stuff that happens?
You don't get mad at our hurricane for...
Um, well, when you put it like that.
Thank you. I'm glad that I was able to convince you all.
Anyway,
three American F-15s were shot by accident.
Yes. That is...
Either they were shot intentionally and their cover-up was that they were shot by accident.
Or they were shot by accident.
I don't know what's more embarrassing
for our supposedly world-bestriding, most powerful empire of all-time military.
If the cover-up story is that our 300 million dollar-a-pop
super-advanced fighter jets were shot down by accident, by enemy fire.
I don't know. Maybe that's what really happened.
That doesn't seem any better to me.
Supposedly when the pilots...
Like, there was chatter caught on tape from people that were supposed to rescue the pilots.
And then just being like, oh, it's an American pilot. Let's just fucking leave him.
Which, if you were in the Middle East right now, that would 1 million percent be your sentiment
to any sort of US struggle.
Um...
Look, I mean, if you watch my stream, in all likelihood, you were not
surprised that we went to war with Iran, you know, in the middle of a night on a Saturday.
President Trump comes out in his dark blue room to give the most
bizarre declaration of war unilaterally as just an individual, probably of all time.
Like, this is a thing that, if you follow the news at all,
everyone with a pulse was saying, like, we're loading up, you know,
every sea around the Middle East as much as we can with carriers and war
apparatuses, you know, they telegraph this as intensely as possible.
It doesn't make it any less fucking insane that it's happening.
Accidents happen, I exist.
Yeah, see?
We can have fun. We can still have fun.
Remember when I recorded this?
Dr. Time?
I, you know, the reason I'm probably thinking of October 7th is there's no real way to sugarcoat this.
This is like a fucking disaster that is going to lead to, potentially, hundreds of thousands,
and in worst case scenario, millions of deaths.
I mean, in the long run it'll almost certainly lead to millions of deaths.
Um...
And it will be handled by, and is being handled by,
the most incompetent, rapist, pedophile leadership that, um,
our bloated gerontocracy has ever produced.
Helmed at the tip of the spear by the most demented, idiotic bastion of human excess and failure of all time.
Donald Trump.
Like we have, as a society, wandered our way into the most apocalyptic possible leadership
that I feel like could be produced.
If I were a, like, evangelical Christian, I would be like,
fuck yes, it is officially the end times.
Um...
Because the potential for this to go wrong, and it's already going wrong,
but the potential for it to continuously go more and more wrong is...
incomprehensible, in my opinion.
And again, I'm just a guy who, like, keeps up with the news through fucking YouTube videos and, like, three newsletters.
Um, and if I'm able to ordain the startling hopelessness of this situation,
then I can assume that everyone can.
Um...
I mean, it was embarrassing enough that we've elected Donald Trump once, then we did it twice.
It felt like there had to be a consequence for doing something that reckless and stupid as a society.
Um, and I mean, maybe the Democrats would have done this too,
but the fact that he's at the helm of this makes it seem like it can only steer into more and more catastrophic waters.
Uh, so I don't want to, like,
not that you need, or looking for me to make you guys feel better, but, like,
we probably all need to feel a lot worse about this because I suspect this could, like,
there's really a very, there's a very high ceiling for how badly this could go.
Uh, and it's, again, like I said, it's already a fucking disaster.
Um, so we'll see.
Counterpoint.
Um...
Iran is...
Iran is naughty.
Counterpoint, it's a very, it was a very naughty regime.
Can you imagine just being under the heel of a theocratic despotic rulership that doesn't listen to its people and
deprives them of, like, basic free speech and...
and uses its own military police state to crack down on law-abiding citizens that are just protesting?
That's what they were dealing with over there.
And we're just supposed to be fine with that.
We're very good at, uh, absorbing that kind of thing over here, yes.
Let's elect a wolf for president.
Yeah, I mean, I would, if they just trotted out, like, a really thoroughbred, like, husky,
and just had it sit up on a podium and go, like,
RAAAAAAAHHH!
I would find that more comforting, personally, than whatever Trump keeps doing in his, like, Mar-a-Lago cave.
He's not even, like, he didn't even bother leaving fucking Florida to declare this war.
They just, like, strapped a diaper on him and pushed him out in front of this weird blue backdrop to be like,
Well, some nights, yeah, get bad IBS and you just go to war with Iran, and soldiers are gonna die.
Lots of our soldiers are gonna die.
It's worth it, though.
That was the speech. That's the speech he keeps giving.
I'm paraphrasing. I'm paraphrasing to be fair, but it's not much of a paraphrase.
Like, Jesus Christ, did I see his neck?
I haven't kept up with the Trump bruise watch yet, but let's pray to God.
I wish that it was like that old fairy, like, ghost story where the girl wears a bonnet and when they untie it, her head just falls off.
Maybe if we look at Trump's bruise as long enough, his head'll just roll off into the distance.
Yeah, Rash Watch, 2026.
Save us, JD Vance.
Yeah, again, like, I feel like there's been a slight tendency amongst people with my particular political leadings,
which, you know, people who basically despise the Democratic Party and the Republican Party, which is an increasing size of the electorate.
There's been a slight tendency amongst us more whatever you want to call us.
Dirtbag left, hipster left, whatever the fuck you want to call it.
Well, aging millennial loser left to maybe be like, look, the Democrats are awful too if they were in office.
You know, we'd still be in a fucking mess, which is true.
But my God, progressives, yeah, or progressives might be the nice way to put that.
Even I have to admit, like, it's where in fucking shambles, mate, like, Jesus Christ having this guy presiding over something with such high stakes
is an absolute nightmare.
And I don't know, every time I check in on the news since Saturday, it is an absolute horror show, which to be fair,
the news has been an absolute horror show since we started writing things down.
But I mean, particularly like the political moment we're in, where everyone knows that our leadership is fully corrupt and insular pedophiles
that are also embarrassing morons.
All of that is just a matter of record that you can look up on a Gmail flavored, like, website to just see direct proof that we're ruled by, like,
some version of every conspiracy theory that we've laughed at for the last, like, 15 years.
In conjunction with that, there's like a bunch of AI phalmorons trying to shove a product that everyone hates down our throats.
And in the midst of that, we go into what has been sort of people calling the apocalypse, calling their shot.
We go into that war in the midst of this particular incredibly precarious economic and political climate.
I can understand why people feel a bit uneasy, because really the worst case scenario here, who knows, there's probably a worst case scenario than what I even am worried about.
But I think there's a decent chance the United States is fully embarrassed here, which we deserve.
I say we purely because I live here, that we basically have to accept that there's nothing we can do to actually remove the Iranian regime.
Maybe we will. I'm saying again, this is the worst case in the sense that if the United States is thoroughly embarrassed enough,
that is unfortunately probably the most embarrassing thing that the planet could face.
Because we, the thing to worry about has never been Iran having nukes. It's the nukes we already fucking have.
And the fact that these maniacs are the ones holding the keys to them.
And that is true whether it's Republicans or Democrats. It's absolute psychopaths at the top, holding on to the biggest, most destructive arsenal,
as far as we know, in human history.
And if they can't just sit back in their long chairs and order endless strikes on Iranians in order to feel like big boys,
if they get their noses and their feelings bruised enough, then it would be completely psychotic for them to turn this into a nuclear conflict.
But again, I don't know. The ceiling on how badly this could go is truly, it's past the moon, baby.
As far as we know, yes.
Remove it to put the US in power. You mean like Iran?
Card King, we didn't remove the regime. He killed the head of the snake and left the population with no weapons or means to take power.
Yeah, he didn't kill that. I mean, he killed Tasha, obviously. He killed the Ayatollah.
They've killed like a large portion of Iranian, like the head of Iranian leadership, whatever their command structure has been bombed intensely,
and I'm sure they killed a ton of them.
But here's a good litmus test to know how fucked we are in this conflict.
And again, I'm not arguing that we don't have like way more bombs and access to money and technological military resources than Iran.
We definitely do. We have a bigger military and we will see how that goes.
But if you want to know how fucked we really are, the Ayatollah supposedly just sat out in the open and let himself be bombed,
which, again, I'm not like an Ayatollah. I'm not T-Mayatollah over here.
I'm not like a fan of Iranian leadership.
But can you imagine for two seconds, Donald Trump ever putting himself at risk for anything he believes in or anyone else?
And I understand the Ayatollah was fucking 86 and in his like religious hierarchy and beliefs,
like it's sort of a benefit for him to go out as a martyr.
There is not a universe where any member of this Trump administration would put themselves at risk for a political project or anyone else for two fucking seconds.
Like there is no shot outside of us just bombing these people for the next decade that we make any headway on installing the regime that we want.
And if you want to like go with the most like, I guess, generous read of American diplomacy,
that there's still some kind of clear-eyed, realist, pragmatic statecraft going on,
I guess you could say that's the point. We're trying to destabilize the region.
We're just going to bomb them, open up the borders and let sectarian violence do the rest.
Maybe that will be the result of this. Some version of that will almost certainly be the result of this.
But the idea that these fucking idiots are going to be able to control that tornado of violence that they create to the benefit of anyone other than arms manufacturers,
who are, I guess, at least the clear beneficiaries of this.
No, like this is just cascading the world into violence that they do not have the capacity to control.
As evidenced by the fact that our very military leadership was like, hey, don't do this.
And we're just doing it. Like, I guess all of this is just to say, I certainly don't have any of the answers.
I'm literally a guy that does like the cartoon news for fun as a hobby.
But for anyone who still believes that there is some kind of steady hand or even the semblance of tactical or goal-based leadership
at the helm of whatever the fuck the American project is, just in my opinion, no.
It is just smash and grab, strip the copper wiring, rapist leadership all the way down.
And I hate to use that word, but it is just that is the ethos in the sexual sense in every sense of the word.
It is just rapist leadership at the helm of the fucking planet.
And I don't think it can last.
Like, I think we are headed to some sort of just we're smashing into the wall, I think, of what people can tolerate.
And I wish I felt more hopeful about that.
But I think it will be like, unfortunately, the process of whatever reckoning is headed our way for our incredible hubris and stupidity.
And by that I do mean like the leadership and maybe us as like a consumer society. I don't know.
I don't think we're headed anywhere positive currently.
But as usual, put it on a t-shirt. I would love to be wrong. I hope.
I hope I am catastrophizing everyone, but we'll see.
Catastrophies, though, can be like.
There's a reason we love disaster movies.
Because they put butts in the seats, you know?
So just as like a spectator sport.
Maybe that's something we could get down with.
Baxes on. Baxes on what I just... Can I do Baxes on what I just said? Actually, it didn't feel quite as good as I thought it might.
God, range of treatment. I don't think I am the military operative you're looking for, unfortunately.
But, yes, I can only imagine people are going to get more upset as the consequences of this roll in.
And who knows how bad they will be.
Let's see. We are now calling it military operations 3, not world war 3 now.
Yeah, this is like the rate at which this has grown. It is a somewhat unique situation in that currently, at least, it is like a country of 90 million people.
So like a quarter of the American population around that is.
That seems to be doing like a... It's like a 1 vs 20 right now, a little bit.
But then, but realistically, like it really is only the United States and Israel that are kind of actively engaged in this conflict as it stands right now against Iran.
So they are kind of like shooting their tentacles out to be like, fuck you, all of you will face the consequences for this.
But the other countries aren't exactly responding with their own military force because the United States, our whole value proposition is essentially like a mob dictatorship of the Middle East.
Is, hey, don't worry, you are outsourcing your defense to us. In return, we will protect the economic interests of your elites.
And we'll protect your country from like foreign intervention. Like we're supposed to be the protection racket for all these Middle Eastern client states that we've created.
And we are fucking falling on our faces trying to keep that up.
Maybe we're doing a better job than I'm giving them credit for, but from an outsider's perspective and very outsiders, I'm just watching all this from my fucking couch.
It seems like we are failing miserably at living up to the protection racket that we have attempted to set up globally.
And that is the entire projection of United States power is these military bases. We have dotted all over the planet.
And if Iran succeeds in showing the world that these are fucking complete glass tigers that you can just smash with the world's cheapest drones,
then I don't know what that does to like the United States is global positioning.
And again, like, I'm not an expert. This is just a guy with a pulse and eyeballs noticing what seems to be extremely obvious.
We're also the protection racket for global money. And that's the other thing like, I mean, Iran obviously has its own like hyper elites and wealthy people as well.
I guess the real the real reason I'm concerned as like far as escalation goes is it seems that Iran is more heavily allied obviously with like China and Russia.
Maybe the geopolitical play here is like, well, we're going to make moves on Russia to try to choke the oil reserves of China and Russia, the BRICS nations, whatever.
I don't think it's going to work. And I know everybody else say like we're in a multipolar world now.
Sure, I agree. I think we always have been. I think it's always been a bit of an illusion that we're the only that America is the only superpower.
I mean, I guess it's true to an extent, but what does that even really mean? It's like a thing that's never actually been that tested.
Because previously we were still interested in maintaining that illusion.
And I think because partially Trump basically filled his pedophile his pedophile administration with a bunch of like game show TV hosts, including him.
There's just like the the the the wheels are too worn.
Like there isn't anyone still able to contain the beast. And this egomaniac is just like exposed.
He's exposed the business, y'all. Kayfabe is fucking dead.
Maybe I'll be proven wrong and we'll just like get everything that they're claiming to want in the situation.
But it really seems like that's not the case.
Iran has been the Gulf since Iraq with it comes control of the Gulf, which will hand off to Black Rock.
Same with the Panama Canal control the ports.
Okay, maybe that is what will happen. Maybe I am just like misreading the tea leaves on the realistic control America can offer over the resources that Iran commands by installing a puppet regime or just fomenting chaos.
It just doesn't I just don't think it doesn't seem like that's what's going to happen to me.
It really seems like we've rolled all of our most expensive military resources into a region in the world to project strength and the PR that we're getting back.
And don't be confused like that PR includes the bodies of thousands of dead children already.
Is that we look like fucking idiots and granted we have for like three decades now look like total morons multiple times on the world stage.
So maybe I'm misreading how much of this people can just absorb.
I don't know it feels different to me it this as someone who has despised the situation of our general politics for a long time now this this feels more exposing to me than previous things that we've done huge mismanagements that we've already I mean Iraq was already a deeply mismanage and idiotic endeavor that we basically failed at.
So anyway let's get to some more comments before I rant my whole brain off.
All Rick wants to do is sniff Pambani panties.
It's not the only thing I want to do.
Oh my God Rick your band your Rob Alvied.
We also waited for the stock market to close before we went to war.
Yeah he really did it like as a sneaky little baby sneaky little baby midnight move to avoid his I don't to I guess to avoid as many consequences as possible.
It really feels like they like he's just kicking it on vacation.
It feels like he's PDD in this war like he's he's moved to a separate compound to hide and he's just letting the news roll in.
I feel like we're going to get some like weird video from a low angle in a couple days of him being like.
Look at the oops.
Polly market made money.
God I mean the fact that there's Polly market bets on this potentially like.
The huge chunk of the globe destroying conflict is pretty crazy.
But hey a little break from this look who's here.
Shit who's that walking over here.
Fucking Lin.
She's back.
There she goes.
She doesn't like it if the music's not there.
Kendall you want to ask chat anything.
No.
No.
You sure.
Okay.
I was going to see if Kendall wanted to do a Q&A but fast you want me to ask you anything.
She's going none none none none none.
We might have made a certain purchase lately.
Okay she's telling me not to.
We didn't buy the Jill doll that Casem had in case anyone thinks that's what that is I wish you wish tell her to reinstall Kendall's 95.
Is that she says if she quits her job she'll go back to streaming but she might.
Why doesn't Kendall like you all.
She does.
She just hates being on camera show them your shirt.
We got this in Hawaii everybody.
Sushi cats.
Look at them.
They are sushi cats.
They love sushi.
The Jill doll is so creepy.
I wonder if he's put it up for auction yet.
I wonder if he's if he's on the grab bag sweep sweepstakes yet.
For those who don't know go over to BYT.
Kendall and Bruce and what I said Kendall and Bruce I mean Casem and Bruce and Lars right.
And they have they have quite a product over there Lawrence my bad Lawrence.
So I was thinking Lars like Lars and the real girl.
Also the patreon stream I just mean if you don't have access to the patreon stream and now Chelsea I haven't I've been checked in on BYT recently I guess I need to.
I need coffee to complete that thought.
Lars and the real Kendall.
Kendall any thoughts on catastrophic global conflict.
She says put an end to it all.
Let's just start over.
She says let's just start over the earth.
Oh hey maybe you'll get your wish.
Would you get a different thing.
Oh that's it that's it.
Okay.
Where's my buttons.
Is Trump rotting from the inside.
Without those new photos I need to look at these photos actually we'll do that next.
How come this cartoon who says more morals than the normal news.
Interesting point I haven't even checked it on like the CNN or certainly Fox News coverage of this.
I can tell from social media that it's unsurprisingly fairly in favor of Iran which is so out of step I feel like with how your average person feels about this that I really do wonder like who is still watching cable news.
I like I can't I'm guessing people like my age and younger and probably a little older.
Like are any of them still watching cable news is it just like 50 plus 60 plus because who the fuck can turn on CNN right now and be like yeah they're making some good points he really was like a pretty bad guy their leader that is your in laws.
Like because I know that the temptation is to be like normies are watching cable news but is that even the case anymore because the majority of them like the polling is pretty clear on this.
Granted polling is not the most stress-free thing in the world but like Americans don't want this war most of them didn't even fucking know is going to happen probably.
So if they turn on the TV and it's just like the laziest attempt at manufacturing consent of all time.
Like is there any way they're going to just keep watching that maybe maybe some people just still fucking throw CNN on and leave it on.
But I pardon me feels like just nobody's fucking watching it even your grant yeah like even your grandma's complaining about Horrell let's become like.
The few times I've even been in like an airport or something and it's on and it's like oh my God granted I kind of what case we kind of have the aesthetic.
You think this looks like cable news.
This looks like cable news.
I think it's close enough.
So maybe maybe maybe they need to start putting me on an airport and they'll people just get confused.
If you squint I could be real news.
Probably gonna says not case you have a pretty decent handle on this.
This is not a smart idea that will get thousands killed a thousands if we're lucky.
I think unfortunately it might have already gotten thousands killed.
I don't know the official toll like numbers but I mean we literally launched this war within the first day bombed a girl school of children just children we just blew up 60 little girls.
Instantly as like our first big move.
Or at least obviously if you do that's going to be the first thing reported on.
So.
It's about that damn oil daddy.
I mean to an extent.
I mean like one of the stories I have pulled up here is about how the streets of God I always want to say this wrong.
Vormuth or moves straight to form is the streets of Vermouth are closed.
So like.
You know before this happened and it's been telegraphed again for weeks people were like no this will like.
Negatively affect our oil position is it isn't the long term it could do something but I mean also if the point is to like strangle China.
By denying them of oil.
I don't think it will and be like they are already in the process of transitioning large chunks of their infrastructure.
Nuclear and other sources of energy grant I don't think huge amounts of their industrial capacity still run off fossil fuels.
We are like Russia has cheap oil we are currently not oil dependent really on the Middle East.
Like it's not exactly the same situation it was in the 90s.
Case will never strangle China.
I'm s asking them to strangle me daddy strangle me to daddy China President G please.
We export more than we import in the US yeah I guess.
It's just like I you know I don't want to just be like this is just totally irrational and everybody's everybody's being a fuck with dumbass like I you know I don't want to go to epic speak with all of this.
But I just every time I hear some like rationale for like the thing and the reason that we're doing this.
It just it doesn't really feel like it's.
Accounting all the cards to me.
I mean the most popular theory amongst I think leftists right now is basically that it's all Israel.
That's literally called epic theory which like obviously Israel's self interest here is a huge part of why this is happening but I guess all of it is just like all of it is parts.
But the fundamental decision to do this is so stupid and miscalculated as far as at least American interests are concerned that maybe you could believe like.
The clear eyed statecraft vision here is coming from you know the despotic Israelis but even that I'm like.
Yes but also our country if our country is really just fully beholden to like Israeli leadership then the problem is still our country like.
The the antidote here is the same thing which is we need a complete overhaul on American leadership if our leadership is that beholden to Israel.
I'm more of the opinion that we're just you know we're scissor sisters baby like they're insane goals are our insane goals.
And our fumbling missteps are also their fumbling missteps so I mean if and when this goes way worse than they were expecting we will bear huge consequences for it as well but.
Israel is what has their neck way deeper on the chopping block then at least Americans abroad currently like if you are looking for.
People to face real physical consequences which they already are like if this goes poorly.
Who knows what will fucking happen to Israel.
And as someone at least who I will say my basic human is values is I don't think we should be killing each other like a bunch of fucking cavemen over anything at this point in human society.
I know that's like a little high minded and pacifist II but to me none of this is like impressive statecraft and advanced weaponry and tactics.
It is just advanced versions of people bashing each other each other over the head so we can take one another's case like it is stupid primate behavior that we just glorify by making it happen with advanced technology.
It's all smash and grab idiocy and the only person that you cannot really fault.
Entirely the only society in this case that you can't fault entirely for going hyper violent in this case.
And I know that people like this is around because they're actually defending against like a belligerent nation attacking them like they kind of don't have a choice to do but to do something violent in response.
Which is disgusting of course as well but I mean what we're doing is the aggressor creating this response so it's our fucking responsibility.
This military strat since his first term is wait till the middle of the night bomb someone and declare victory.
Yeah I just like how is he going to declare victory here I mean he will he already is he's already popping up in front of his you know blue screen to say like already huge progress giant wins.
But he also can't stop being like we lost soldiers we're going to lost more we're going to lose more.
That is one thing you can definitely count on with Trump in the next weeks months years who fucking knows is he prepared to hear some of the most insane statements of your life about US soldier casualties because if there's one thing you can count on Trump for it is that he fucking hates United States soldiers
like he loves beautiful generals but he cannot resist shitting on the corpses of American military men he's done it dozens of fucking times publicly and I suspect we will be hearing some pretty psychotic statements from him about like well that's what happens over American soldiers dying which they're going to keep doing until who knows.
Send Baron yeah he's so tall he's like a modern Xerxes you know the 300 version of Xerxes put him on a giant carriage carried by you know a bunch of chuds get get the incel carriage out.
And have them march him into battle suckers and losers yeah he really thinks basically if you die for this country you've got to be a fucking sucker and loser.
And the reason he probably thinks that is he knows that they're dying for fucking him like got him man I'm good at convincing people to do stupid shit get ready for what's going to happen during the midterms when they send the military to the polls.
Yeah maybe the goal here is just to drag this war out until the midterms and be like there's just no way we can do an election right now we're at war you're enjoying the screen thank you I'm in full rant mode.
I just don't know how we can really talk to Rick about this today.
Then why am I here case if you don't want my if you don't want some counter points then what even is the point.
What's your counter point.
The shot I told it was a bad guy and fuck you.
Look my partner is fuck you what do you know.
And if that makes me a bad guy then I guess I'm a bad guy.
That's pretty lazy.
Those are the talking points we got.
Let me level with you guys I'd love to give you better war talking points but the counter talking points we got where I told a bad and fuck you.
And I tried to resist the fuck you one but it's on my list.
Basically I'm supposed to say the eye toll is bad and get fucked.
Isn't that kind of cool at least.
We're calling it the Bart Simpson strategy we're being bad boys.
The Bart Simpson strategy.
Look we were what we saw enough YouTube thumbnails on rap videos and we thought well people like this so we'll go with the bad boy rude dude Bart Simpson strat.
I like what did I do that.
That's Urkel.
Imagine Bart saying that that's our strategy.
Did I do that but it's Bart and he's pissing and he's got a skateboard.
You feeling this now.
No you sure what if he has face tats Venice Beach Bart the war.
How's that for branding.
Rick's winning you over.
USA.
US blunt.
What.
Rick out in the out in the cut needle in the arm.
Fucking zoned out bombs fraying down.
America.
Venice Beach 2028.
It's a better strat.
Honestly that's a more compelling argument than what I've heard so far so give it a shot.
We're going to find a way to make this work.
Look here's the deal nobody likes to do homework okay what we learned during the first invasion the second and.
We'll cut be nice and call the second invasion of Iraq is nobody wants to listen to us do our homework.
It was boring and sure we had to make colon Powell go out there and be like.
We promise there's weapons of destruction everybody thought that was some bull.
Oh shit but if we get barred out in the cut being like or a farming in the desert fucking spliffed out.
I'm just working and this is brainstorming so.
Or a farming the war.
Get down get clam clam clamtacular out there.
Clavicular.
Yeah get him out there break some rocks on his jaw or whatever.
In the in the desert.
Maybe that'll do it for you guys.
I just I don't know what people like anymore.
Yeah war of farming.
Did that just blow your mind.
We must be careful using language like that because we are blowing up a lot of.
Children's minds.
Sometimes with minds.
I think we're done talking to you.
Oh man.
You thought the hype train killed Bart.
We'll bring him back.
We'll bring him back for this.
We'll use our immortal.
We'll use our stone of immortality.
You have that.
Only a couple.
I heard there might be some bottles of fentanyl in a medicine cabinet in Iran.
That's a weapon of destruction we need to bomb.
Maybe they'll go with that.
Maybe they'll just they'll they'll get some medicine.
Maybe they'll just they'll they'll get some speed boats on a trailer.
They'll hook them up to like a you know a bunch of Humvees and drag a bunch of speed boats into the desert so they can start bombing those.
Be like oh whoa they even wrote here.
I knew there was a reason we were doing this.
Bringing the hate sock he's got the best response to the situation that might be true.
Frankly.
You might be on to something there.
Tragically.
Tragically.
Sometimes.
The only solution.
Is a little bit of hate sock you wish.
You got the full purple background today.
You wish dumbass.
There we go.
Do you see any way to extract ourselves from this?
Complete war of choice that's almost certain to blow up in our faces.
You wish.
I do have to agree with the hate sock here.
Um.
What can I as a.
Small twitch channel do to positively affect change in this case do you think hate sock dumbass.
Any advice on how to make money off this in the poly markets you wish.
What do you think is going to happen in the midterms dumbass.
What does the hate sock wish you wish.
What do you wish dumbass.
Dumbass rock and stone you you and global herpes.
You wish which one of those do you wish for you wish.
Hate sock greater than Caroline of it.
Yeah this is.
I would put this coverage up against anything CNN's got going on actually.
I think if you put these two these two broadcasts against each other.
In a taste test.
I think people are going with hate sock you wish.
Oh you don't think they would dumbass.
Damn.
It was a tie.
It was a tie between dumbass and global herpes and you know what.
Screencap that.
That seems like about the cleanest the most succinct description of basically what's going on.
With America right now.
So I guess we can leave it at that for now.
Well you know it will cover.
Cover a little bit of some of these stories we have pulled up and then we will get to the other segments today.
In general about.
Oh shit.
Did my stream just F.
Hmm.
Let me see if Kendall's downloading something.
Aye aye aye.
Hmm.
Will the stream just return though.
To its regularly scheduled.
Not clipping ish.
Looks like it might be back to normal now.
Well it was three minutes when I was talking to her.
I wonder if I'm still live on.
Everything though.
It's hard to say.
We have returned.
Fortunately she does have to upload things for work so not really her fault.
Some people need to refresh probably.
Okay.
We back.
Honestly a fair stopping point for my rant.
Still live on kick.
Damn I'm getting re-streamed on kick by some friend though.
That means we've made it y'all.
Kendall doesn't respect you.
Ouch I guess that is what that means.
What can you do.
Thanks guys thank you so much for the 40 months.
Also thank you FX margin call for the follow and Dome run for the follow.
And Bob the Brolyfactor again for the 300 bits.
I don't even know when the court case is but the Crumb scene files are piling up.
Oh sick it's Friday.
It's Friday we've I've got a little bit of a as I like to do I couldn't help it just make a little bit of a system for it.
So that will be getting unleashed on Friday.
We are live and alive yeah.
Is it Friday the Crumb the official Crumb court case.
Will be happening on Friday.
He's being sued by peen dot you but peen dot UI is that right Crumb.
Yes it's peen dot UI.
Don't get it twisted.
I will have my day in court and I will be found innocent.
Is that how lawsuits work.
I guess I think it is.
Yeah you're wearing your piss jacket.
I don't know this is the jacket you had hanging on the door to this room.
I don't walk around a floral jacket all day.
Really because some of the evidence that I just looked at in this discord shows that you do walk around in that floral jacket all day.
Shoot I do need to practice this for being on the stand possibly.
Fine yes there are times when I'm in the floral jacket all day today I wasn't.
That's the kind of response I'll give.
I got to work on.
Obviously everything I say is the truth but how you say the truth very important.
It's Papito's piss rag.
Is it it does smell.
Like Papito's piss but this whole room does that's where he pisses.
Right.
Crumb do you have a lawyer yet I do but it's a surprise.
It's not anyone famous.
Okay but it's they're great.
I don't have one yet.
What the hell I got to work on how I'm honest.
I think is I will have one that's great.
I don't have one yet.
It's on Friday.
Well hey as a break from all of my doom casting.
I guess great news the hype train is here.
Yeah.
Hello.
This hype train is not working out the way it's supposed to.
There it is.
Okay.
He sounds like me again.
Rick this isn't about you right now.
Okay.
I'm a guy to work.
I've sounded normal as hell.
Swirl my voice up more.
Yes.
I'm trying can you not rap about the war.
To get some two poorer of a taste.
That's fine.
I didn't plan I don't care about your petty human issues.
I'm here to talk about.
You're talking about how.
Bugs Bunny and Bart Simpson are fucking.
What some of these got to talk about it.
I thought you killed Bart Simpson.
I thought I did too.
I'm sorry.
Listen up Jack.
Skimmer just my Modem 300 shiny tasty coins and I've been dying to say this.
I remember when I invaded Iran that's right I didn't sorry I was old as fuck.
No you're thinking about the stuff you did with Obama in the first turn that also wasn't Iran.
In his term.
Apple that would be for the hundred bits.
I'll do the faking here.
Yeah.
Yeah.
A lot is going on in the world right now.
It's just it's just all like whoa man what the heck.
That's how stuff is.
Yeah man but sometimes in situations like this most important stories.
It's fucking the cracks.
And for me the most important story is the things that you thought you left dead.
Sometimes you left more alive than you can imagine.
Do you know what I mean man?
Stepping to the club and I'm on the floor and I'm breaking some new backs.
What do I see in the corner man and give me a crack.
What cracked my mind in half.
Damn I can't believe that corner of the club you can see it's so clear.
Bugs Bunny and Bart have a sax.
Oh no.
What's this?
Bart get hit from a full size reddit.
Oh my God I wish I was dead I thought I killed those two.
What the fuck should I do?
In the club and the fuck is so hard I didn't know that I would see this when I came through.
Fuck me in the panther baby.
We in love and that's coming from the heart.
Beautiful and tricy timeline eyes and feelings so got so bad.
But I stay on my grind.
I gotta kill Bart and I gotta kill bugs because they are finally in love and I don't know what the fuck I'm supposed to do.
What's that case? What can I do?
What's the issue here?
What do you mean what's the issue here?
Simpsons represents one of the oldest mafia families in the United States and then the same is true for Bugs Bunny did you know that case?
And with these two superpowers united there's no telling what might happen man.
It's like some dynamite that we just set out.
In the club another show in love is Samantha Gu and the Capulet.
That's the shit. That's the shit. That's the shit. That's the shit. It's like an old Shakespearean tale.
The whole world just my fan.
With Bugs Bunny and Bart Simps United in sex it's a holy grail of disaster.
And we got...
And we gotta stop the case.
So your issue here is Bugs Bunny and Bart Simpson are in love and it's...
It's too much power just to put in one simple place.
It's a fucking disgrace.
I'm gonna stop the whole human race and I am a train but I still care case.
Do you even care case?
Bugs Bunny and Bart Simpson with a bunch of shit on their face cause they were just fucking.
They were just loving. They were just clubbing.
And now it's time to something they're gonna kill us all case.
They're gonna kill us all case.
I just don't think that's my biggest concern right now.
Yeah but have you seen how Bugs looks lately?
Personally I haven't.
Oh my god.
Bugs is looking fucking awesome.
There's no stopping a Bugs at this level of Riz.
I think it's Ora now actually.
Oh my god that's even worse.
Bugs Bunny this is how he lives putting out immortal levels of Super Bunny Riz.
At this level there is no stopping.
There is no club hopping.
All he's doing is Bugs dropping.
This is still getting a little too close to modern events for me maybe.
It's not about that case.
It's about Bugs Bunny and Bart Simpson and them in the club.
And they're gonna kill us all man.
Don't worry I still got a plan.
I'm gonna get the heater baby.
I'm gonna show them that they're on me Rob LV because I kill every Bugs that I fucking see and when Bart ever...
STICK ON I HAVE TO STOP THEM!
What a story.
Wow.
Guys.
Okay.
Uh that's...
I think you said it all man.
We'll never forget the hype train.
I mean he didn't even finish and now we're all at risk because of that.
I just wrote furry yaoi fanfiction?
Congrats.
Damn.
If only I could sell that.
It's not at that level yet guys.
You would know?
I would know.
Classified yaoi and furry stuff and the levels it goes to...
It makes those two hockey guys fucking look like dodgeball guys fucking.
What?
Okay Rick.
Anyway let's read the couple stories we have pulled up and then we will move on for now.
Uh these straights of...
News.
That's not the news.
It's the news.
War.
Yup.
We're doing that again.
Anyway the straights of...
Hormuz have been closed by Iran.
They've at least said that.
And it warns that we'll attack any ships that try to pass.
But I say good luck trying to stop us from telling people that they need to sail through these straights anyway.
That's our official plan?
Our official plan is to be like come on they'll let you through.
We've probably got some other...
Okay guys we're going for more of a...
For the high trade. Bart Simpson vibe for our...
Strategy for this war.
The Saudi Ministry said in a statement that the drone strike...
Oops that's a different story.
Two new blasts heard in Riyadh's diplomatic quarter.
Two sources say.
On the fourth day of the Iran assault Israeli military says it launched new strikes.
The straight of Hormuz is closed as Iranian media reported...
Iranian media is reporting.
The president has said that as Donald Trump says we can last four to five weeks longer.
So in your face who...
Everybody said we couldn't last for a protracted war.
Four to five weeks is what he's saying that's how long we can last?
Four to five weeks is a crazy amount of time to last.
In bed.
God we're having that for back to having fun.
It could easily go more than a month.
Now what do you think this could go?
What do you think this could go?
Why would they want it to happen more than a month?
Because we killed their leader and bombed their entire country and...
Killed massive amounts of their military infrastructure and their leadership?
Yeah so there's no way they're gonna want this to go more than a month.
We can last that month.
The president said so.
That is not very long for...
The amount of...
Chaos that they've stirred up.
Yeah but I mean how long did a... did a rack last?
You should know that.
Yeah but it... well we declared victory after like a couple days.
Yeah and then remember it lasted longer than that?
Yeah but we declared victory after a couple days.
Like a week or something.
So the rest of it was just like the epilogue.
He's saying we last four or five days for the normal war but if there's an epilogue war then obviously...
You know we'll last a little longer.
Iran's president is alive? Yeah that's a good point.
I mean we killed Khomeini.
God I should really want to say his name.
We killed the Ayatollah.
Operation victory. Well right now we're still in Operation Epic Fury.
An Operation Extra Large Burger victory is what happens after we easily win.
Extra Large Burger victory?
We're workshopping the name but we were thinking maybe Extra Large Burger victory.
Anyway Qatar has halted LNG production.
But who even knows what acronym means?
Kuwait mistakenly shot down three US jets.
Israel has attacked Hezbollah in Lebanon.
We're just giving you the cliff notes here.
And that's basically all that's happened.
There's a lot of stuff.
There's a lot of things to say.
That's just today.
So it's not that much stuff can happen in a day.
Oh you want to see the video of the jet going down?
Come on we don't need to watch this.
Let's not.
We don't have to watch this.
Without context this looks bad but it's not as bad as it looks.
See?
Look at it.
Look at it.
Look at it.
Look at it.
Look at it.
Good news, they survived. Ignore all the other smoking stuff in the air. That's an industrial district.
If anything, is it impressive that it was doing really cool pirouettes on the way down?
On some levels it was impressive that it was falling straight down, because wouldn't you think of it being more like, whoa!
That means those pilots basically brought the plane to a complete stop midair.
That's not what that means, Rick.
Yeah, but there's video of the plane falling. Yeah, that's just one of them. There's two more that did that.
But I just, I salute our troops, as always, for making it look cool, kind of as it fell.
Like, it was spinning. It was fucking, it was, it basically did like a 1080.
Are you stressed, Rick?
I know. No, when you operate at this level, you're way too blessed to be stressed.
Great.
Okay, also, and in AI news, which you know, you can't avoid really, as it's woven into too many things now.
The US military is using Claude to select targets in Iran.
America is in such a deep, steep decline that we don't even make Oppenheimers like we used to.
Come on, futurism, you used to be a respectable sight that didn'ts that liked AI.
That's what I remember future, was futurism pro AI? It depends on who's writing.
The ongoing attacks on the Islamic Republic of Iran launched by a joint coalition of US and Israel military forces
have so far acclaimed 555 Iranian lines, including Iranian lives, including 165 deaths from an attack on an elementary school in Iran.
And you know how Anthropics said, don't use our AI? Well, nobody might use a little of it anyway.
But there's no proof that we used it to bomb little girls.
Well, if it's selecting targets, wouldn't have it selected the school?
Unless, of course, it's not really selecting the targets. It's really still just people selecting the targets.
And even if it spits out a big list, it's still ultimately us bombing each other, and they're trying to launder their own demonic, murderous decisions out onto an AI, unless that's what's going on.
No, we're using it. It's the AI that, when you put it like that, it was the AI that bombed those little girls.
And we're looking into it too. Because, I mean, what? Why would we intentionally do that?
Well, even Israel's been intentionally doing that for like the last two years.
At some point it kind of seems like maybe it's intentionally destroying just all civilian infrastructure so that there can be no semblance of like modern life.
It seems that way, but it's actually just an AI doing it.
Now that is a good point. If you agree with this, then AI is taking your job.
No, because there's still, obviously I didn't approve. In this case there wasn't any human oversight. That's what I'm going to go with.
But usually there is. And what we've learned is that I'm more important than ever because I would have taken a look at the bombing decision to bomb a girls elementary school and I would have been like,
Let's move the bomb a couple feet over. At least a couple feet. Maybe even 10.
Don't besmirch the demons.
Yeah, what do you have against demons, Case? We've all got them. Haven't you ever listened to an MGK song?
Honestly? No, I haven't.
Yes you have. You worked out a thing where you were singing.
You're right, I have. Huberly out of necessity, listen to an MGK song.
According to the paper, Anthropics large language model, Claude is the key AI tool used by the US Central Command in the Middle East.
The tasks include assessing intelligence, simulated war games, and even identifying military targets.
In short, helping military leaders plan attacks that have already claimed hundreds of lives.
Anthropics role in the devastating attacks might come as news for anyone who thought the company's ethical red lines precluded it from any military work whatsoever.
But in a statement, Dario Amade said, Not that. No, not that. Not everything.
He's like, You thought I meant bombing people? No, surveillance.
Isn't surveillance wouldn't be making a list of military targets? Isn't that part of surveillance?
How does it know who to target if it's not being fed surveillance information?
Yeah, but that's surveillance on foreigners, which we don't count as people.
Unless they're European. Or certain countries in the UAE. Or Saudi Arabian royalty.
Besides that, we don't count them as people. I'm just offering you analysis here.
And that's all the coverage you guys need. That's all you need.
Don't think about this too much. It's like jumping into a cold pool. It'll feel normal after a minute.
Even if it's like below freezing temperatures in the pool, after a couple minutes, you won't feel it.
It's below freezing, you'll be dying.
Yeah, but the point is you won't feel that if it's cold enough. If you just let yourself sink.
You know? If you really just don't worry about it.
And you just close your eyes. If you get cold enough, it actually kind of starts to feel like a warm bath.
And then it doesn't really feel like anything at all. And that's the news.
Okay, guys, it's time for Munch & Crumb.
I know some people are acting all stressed on this channel. Just know cases being little babies first flirtation with the apocalypse.
Those of us who have been alive for thousands of years. This is just another canon shifting event.
Every once in a while you gotta do a Avengers Endgame but IRL, you know what I mean?
Don't worry, it's, you know, in the long stroke of history, my stroke game has never been defeated.
And also Crumb is here.
Horrific stuff to say as usual. Troubling even by your standards.
And what are your standards right now exactly? What are you feeling about this whole situation?
Um, well, obviously I feel like it's a complicated situation and it's a real shame that process
wasn't appropriately followed in this case and though I salute all of our military boys in blue, blue?
And none of us cops, isn't it? Though I salute all of our armed forces.
It's just this dang president didn't quite do it the way we wanted to him to do it, obviously.
And I think we can all agree with that. But obviously we're all excited that the I tola got
one of the worst guys ever to...
Shit's a bad... When a bad apple falls out of the tree, even if the tree is getting chopped down by a really unethical lumberjack,
you just are like, well, you got that bad apple. That dang lumberjack, it's so unfortunate that he's not using a regulation axe.
But hey, the apple that we did want to fall out fell out. But other than that, you know, I am...
Geez, if there was a resolution on this war, I would vote.
There doesn't have to be a resolution on the war, and I'm not in Congress, thankfully.
But if there was one, I would vote.
Did you ever start a war in hell, Travis is asking? No!
Okay, the debate today is with new photos showing more bruising on Trump.
Is he rotting from the inside out now? We can finally look at the Trump bruising photos,
which in case hasn't even looked at yet. I've been on Bruise Watch for a while.
Why are we so... Since when are we so obsessed with men's hands?
I hate to say it, but that's feminine behavior.
Can you still say that? Now, we can...
Actually, not sure which cycle of wokeness, or as I like to call it, shmoimyo.
That wasn't the name you gave it. Frumpten, what did I say the new word for woke was?
Shmoimyo? No, it was something else.
Anyway, what is the... What are we, babies? We've got to worry about a guy's man's hands.
What happens on a man's hands is between him and his very masculine pedicurist, okay?
Nothing wrong with a little autoerotic asphyxiation, well, other than if it kills you.
His neck is messed up now. All right, all right, all right.
Supposedly... But the neck... What are we, collar watching?
Is that the new pocket watching everybody? Now we're obsessed with collars.
Look, obviously, you know, the president is making some decisions that maybe some of us
wish he would take a little more carefully for the sake of... anything.
But, you know, a little bit of neck. Let's take a look. I guess fine, let's take a look.
Oh, um... He's really showing it to the camera, too.
That looks actually quite alarming.
They said President Trump is using a very common cream on the right side of his neck,
which is a preventative skin treatment.
I don't mean to laugh at any serious medical issues. Say what you will about this, man.
He is the president. I don't mean to laugh at serious medical issues.
You can't even revel in the misery of your enemies. What is wrong with you?
Oh, sorry. There's a little bit more to this video. Goddamn.
Is he growing a pussy on his neck?
Is he getting the genetic... the secret genetic procedure done to have an actual neck pussy, but on the side?
What? I don't think he has access to that particular immortal technology.
And it's a bad place for it, because you can't fuck your own neck.
He's already kind of got one.
What are you talking about? I mean, it is a little alarming, yes,
that he seems to be growing infected dinosaur skin on his neck.
But maybe he just has a bad cream guy. A bad cream guy.
Look, everybody has a cream guy.
Well, sure, I do have a cream guy, but I don't know if everybody does.
But obviously, both of us, when you reach a certain level of power and fame,
you have a cream guy that gives you the finest creams.
Maybe his cream guy is not up to snuff.
I offer one. Mr. President, I won't give you my cream guy. He's the best.
But, you know, he's got... he's in the cream guild,
and I can certainly confer with them to get you a better cream guy if your cream guy is failing you.
And Mr. President, I will not offer you my cream guy.
At this point, you've made enough decisions that I disagree with that respectfully.
I cannot offer you, in good conscience, a recommendation from my cream guy,
even though he is one of the best. I doubt that very much.
Which cream guild is he associated with?
Schmaglin and Crint.
Really? Yeah, he's part of the Schmaglin and Crint cream guild.
There's no way you have access to that level of cream guild.
My Heavish Business Card, not put in my pocket, then produce it, sir.
By cream law, you must.
It's in my other... this is obviously not my jacket, so... it's in my other jacket.
Are you lying about Schmaglin representing you as a creamer?
This isn't even the question, okay? The question is with new photos showing brooding on Trump.
Is he rotting from the inside out? No. Clearly, yes.
From the inside out? No, from the outside in.
If anything...
Because there's no... like, he's probably got perfectly good organs, and I'm on the side of...
He's fine. You think he's fine? Come on, he's fine.
He's been eating burgers his whole life. That didn't kill him. Why would a little neck growth?
A neck monster kill him. If we have a mind that can make the debate, I'm on the side of...
Nah, he's fine. And I'm on the side of, yeah. He's rotting.
Go!
I'm on the side of, yeah. Okay? I mean, he has been for a while.
Looks like he's been jerking off into a thwomp from Mario.
He's just been repeatedly smashing his hand. Jerking off into a thwomp?
The logistics of that don't even make sense. I agree. But his hand looks horrific.
And he keeps just covering it up with like, you know, Pantene Pro-V level makeup.
They don't make makeup. They make creams. You don't know anything about creams.
They make makeup as well, I think. Just saying he's using a bad makeup job on his fucked-up hand.
You know, it looks like he's been fucking jamming it into a stone pocket push.
Why do you think he's damaging his hand during masturbation?
Because that's what most people use their hands for.
Look, he looks bad. It's almost certainly worse whatever's going on inside him.
He's essentially been surviving off of a diet of excedrin and like, $2 burgers since 1979.
He literally is on the record saying that he likes his blood nice and thin.
The fact that he hasn't already evaporated in front of us is a fucking miracle.
I don't think he's a vampire, but if he got exposed to light,
I think he would crumple up like a fucking human scam.
How he's still alive, it truly must be a pact with Basfumat,
the guy who's in charge of demonic deals in the Hell requisitions for souls department.
Wait, why is that a thing you know?
Why did I just say that? I don't know why I just said that.
That's stricken from the record. I'm practicing my legal speak.
I think he's fine. Look, yeah, if you're a gentleman with a subpar cream man,
then sometimes they will offer you a cream that does not agree with your skin.
This is a common issue for men operating at this level of society.
His cream guy is simply not up to snuff. Just contact me, Mr. President.
We'll get this cream situation sorted out.
I'm sure his insides have the right level of immortal bugs inside of them that are cleaning out his blood.
He's got enough, you know, eternal maggots living inside of his hollowed out veins that he will never die like the rest of us.
So he's fine.
Immortal maggots? You're not ready for that level of male care.
Well, anyway, with 94% of the vote, it turns out I fucking win again.
Woo! It's a rough time for the world today, so we gotta take every win that we can.
And I just took one. Dang, it feels good to be a game star.
It's rough.
It's rough. Out here, guys. You gotta brace yourself for the worst.
You gotta brace yourself!
Are you upset today? What? Why are you upset while other than global events?
Doing this show with me, who you hate.
And the thing going on on your neck, what's going on on my neck?
It's nothing going on. My neck is immaculate.
You piece of shit. I didn't even think for a second there's anything wrong with your neck.
Made you neck.
What's that on the back of your neck? What is on the back of my neck?
You know I can't see there.
And because I have a little bit of vampire DNA, my neck is invisible to me in a mirror.
That's so fucked up for you to do. That's essentially attacking my disability.
You have a little bit of vampire? I have a tiny amount of vampire DNA that makes specifically the back of my neck invisible in mirrors.
You know this! And yet you still said it like it was nothing.
How do you just get a little bit of vampire DNA?
I used to fuck a couple of really hot vampire girls.
And I accidentally got barely infected by a tiny bit of vampire just on the back of my neck.
I thirst for human blood like once a year.
Which is less than most billionaires.
I secretly love Crumb.
Parting you I died and you literally journeyed through hell to save me.
You know what I agree with you. That never happened actually.
What you've been saying it happened for months. Fuck it. It never happened.
If that's how you're gonna be about it.
I never even did that Crumb. Because I never would care about you that much.
That was just to stop the screaming when he closed his eyes.
Can you still eat garlic?
Only garlic powder.
Full garlic doesn't agree with my tummy.
And it makes my skin kind of turn like to sand a little bit.
Only a little bit.
And I get a really nasty tummy ache.
If I take enough whatever you have to take for being lactose intolerant.
Lactate? Yeah if I take enough lactate I can do it.
Those are two different. No it's the same.
It turns out vampires are just lactose intolerant but for light and garlic.
So if they take enough lactate they can walk around in the sun.
That's how Stephen Miller is walking around.
Embarrassing that they made him one.
Because he is not a charmer.
More wall content?
Well I'm alive so you're gonna have to find some other reason to go in there.
Because I'm fine.
Any reason other than you would be a great reason to go in there.
We could go back to the wall. Make that happen case.
A Z double VZ. That is fun to say.
Z double VZ discovery zone.
Where I can follow Twitch on my own.
Shut the fuck up.
It's not even close to DZ. It's got the letters in there.
Thank you for the follow. I was just having fun.
God can you just take it easy for one second?
Why are you so stressed about the global war?
No you're not. You were making jokes about it before the stream.
No I wasn't. Z double VZ I wasn't making jokes about serious events.
Global events. I'm a man of taste in class.
No right before we went live.
He was like...
He was doing like...
You were making jokes. You can't even remember the jokes because they were too good.
So you're admitting you made them? No.
That's all the time we had. That's it. Stop it.
That's it.
Zoom me out.
I taste ass. Only the finest ass.
Okay? Tasting fine ass is cool.
Literally I just got a piece of fine ass is a cool thing to say.
So consider that, Cheen Mail.
That the thing you said about me is a compliment.
That is it.
Crumb doesn't get... Yeah, Crumb doesn't get jokes.
Which I never made. That's all the time we have. We'll talk to you soon. Bye bye.
We'll be back with more stuff in a second.
Jeez Crumb. Fucking sellin' my ass out.
Hey everybody.
It's your pal Jam.
Back again with Shamor How-Tos.
And my first How-Tos to ask you how...
...to you doing today.
Because I'm doing great.
And I hope I'll leave you are too.
See how nice we can be when we wanna be?
Not talk about me being a doppelganger.
Doppelganger? Whatever you think's going on there.
No actually I'm Jab and I'm here to learn how to do things together.
And my dad is dead and he's here and he's in the wood.
Eeeeww.
Eeeeww.
Yum yum yum yum yum.
He's been breaking more lately.
What's left of his woodmine seems to be rotting.
Maybe the moisture level is off in the room where I keep his wood.
I'm in a room? I'm not just right next to you?
I'll never tell daddy.
It's not like you can tell anyway you're just the wood.
My senses are confusing.
I don't entirely get how my sensory...
...perception operates.
New wood cream.
I should get...
Wish I had one of those cream guys they were just talking about.
But I gotta do it myself.
I'm still working stiff just like all of you.
Stiffly working with our corpse-like body.
Working stiff.
It's not what that means but...
Okay?
What if Jab's dad got termites?
Yeah what do you think would happen then daddy?
And who do you think is the only person who could prevent that?
I welcome them.
Feed me, make me bug instead of wood.
Anything which moves or lives please.
Okay well that's not...
That wouldn't be good either.
Is the answer daddy? Jesus Christ.
Let's learn how to do some stuff.
Morbid mood today.
Not all of us are into politics.
Some of us are just into learning how to do cool stuff.
For instance...
Is this shaving pubic hair?
I'd say how hard could it be but I know from experience it can actually be quite difficult.
I didn't even do it for sexual reasons.
I had to go to the doctor to get something checked out on my pelvis.
Not even a growth. I had like a spine growing.
I had to go get it checked out and I had to shave it.
It was difficult.
So maybe this would be useful for all of us to learn how to shave our pubes.
My name is John and I like to shave because I like feeling clean.
And about the third or the fourth time I really noticed the difference.
And the difference was very significant because I felt like the dirt was gone.
I have a very specific four step process.
It's very important that it's what you do that is comfortable.
I just use whatever I give you as an outline.
Trim only if necessary.
Wet hair, apply the shave gel, then shave and then moisturizer.
And they're all very important and I'll get to those later.
But you don't really want to skip any which one of those.
I just say it's so nice to see a like-minded soul that's really thorough in how they explain things.
And I just love it when someone has to turn a phrase that really resonates with me.
Like the dirt was gone.
It's so nice to meet a like-minded soul via the power of the internet.
The trimming part I find is really important, especially if you haven't done this before.
It just makes it easier later on for yourself.
And what's very important for me is I like to sit over the toilet.
I just like to kind of like straddle it because when I'm cutting all the hair,
that's where it's going to fall into.
And I like to grab the tip and I just like to comb through the area first towards myself.
Whoa!
And then I get underneath and you can go clockwise, counterclockwise.
Any direction that's most comfortable for you, it really doesn't matter.
I like going against the grain.
Once you get done with that area, then you move to the more difficult parts.
I like using the more difficult parts or going to the more difficult parts just to get them out of the way.
And the best way to do that is just to make sure you have a nice firm, taut grip on yourself.
And really any area that will help the trimming go a little bit quicker.
That's such a good advice. Any area that will help, you're going to want to grip.
Not enough people talk about that because that was one of my mistakes.
That's why I ended up losing a good keg of blood.
I like to use the Gillette Styler, but it's really your choice on what you feel most comfortable with.
So the next step is to jump in the shower and grab your shave gel.
You can either use a shave gel or a body wash.
Oh, Gillette.
I usually go with Gillette Body Gel just because it doesn't feel like it washes off very easily in the shower.
Wait, is this somehow an ad?
Because if it is, he's doing a great job.
I recommend the shower just because you have everything that you need there.
If you need more water, you have it.
If you need more hydration, the water really helps with just softening the hair follicles
and just makes it a little bit easier in general.
So you apply, you put some on your hand, just rub it in and then just kind of lather the area
until you get to the point that it is what you like it to be for shaving.
You're going to want to rub it.
Then you have your shaver.
Whatever shaver is most comfortable for you that fits your body or that you just like.
I can't look at cameras so I can't angle it directly at my penis like him.
It really allows for a clean cut from many different angles, which is very important
because you're going to be cutting from a lot of different angles in that area.
I like to shave the tipped area first just because I get that done
and then I can work the area around it.
And then I do the same motion.
I like to go against the grain.
It's really up to you which way you want to go, whatever is most.
Just so I'm clear by what he means about the tip area,
not to keep pausing this.
I just love a thorough video.
He's shaving the tip of his penis.
Is that what he's...
Is that what I mean by the meaning of a hairy penis tip or just being thorough?
I've just never heard of that.
Let's keep going.
Comfortable for you and remember, take your time.
You want to take your time at this portion because if you're going too fast,
you can actually accidentally nick yourself.
You're cutting off, you've got the whole thing off.
Do nice smooth, smooth, even strokes.
And then once you're done, work towards the outside area.
Like a kiwi exactly.
You're keeping the skin nice and taut wherever you are.
You know, pull it if you can.
And just work the area around until it gets to a point where you're comfortable
or it's to the length that you want it to be.
I just say I also really appreciate actual explanatory camera work.
This is the type of shot you see in a really good how-to video
when you know it because you took the time to set this shot up.
And I appreciate that level of craft.
So thank you, sir.
That you want it to be.
Make sure you're rinsing out the razor regularly when you're shaving.
Another thing is, if you feel any tugging or pulling,
most likely it's time to change the blade because comfort is huge.
It's really big.
So once you get done with shaving, it's now time to get out of the shower,
grab your towel, dry off.
You know, just pad the area until it feels like you're nice and dry.
And it's time to moisturize.
And you grab a moisturizer, you put as much on your hand as you feel comfortable with
and you apply it.
Moisturizing is very important.
A lot of people feel like that's a step that you can leave out.
But it's just an important step because it will help avoid any type of dryness or flaking.
And it just helps calm and comfort the skin.
So as a quick recap, I like to trim.
Thank you.
Then I like to wet the area and apply the shave gel.
I shave in the direction that you're most comfortable with.
And then I moisturize.
And that's my four step process.
I started growing hair when I was very young about...
Here are some tips on how to...
No, no, stop.
Hey, stop.
My name's John.
Stop it, John.
Add your lotion.
Was that an ad?
If it was, it was an informative one.
I'd say.
That was from Gillette, India.
So...
From 10 years ago.
Listen up, Jack.
Card King on Just Mama Jam 300 Shiny Tasty Coins.
And I've been dying to say this.
Ratchnamalala cab.
Yuck.
Ah!
Sorry.
Sorry.
Mr. President, that's not nice to say.
That's not nice to say.
To talk gibberish like that is cruel.
That was from Gill...
That was from Gillette, India.
From Gillette, India.
Let's see what else they have on offer for us.
Shaving is easy.
Man enough, Gillette, India.
Hmm.
Good content.
I miss classic marketing.
I feel like we do it enough in America anymore.
And they get it.
Because you want to offer value.
Famous Gillette, India, and John, yeah.
Let's just do one more.
Because, um...
Because that was a long one.
And I really, it was a lot to take in.
So we'll just do...
Maybe we'll do one or two quick ones.
This is how to say, why?
His cream guy is salad.
Sorry, that's from Munch and Crumb.
That's why he's missing from pen.
That makes sense.
Oh, Trump's is.
Yeah, that also makes sense.
Eat barnacle chips, they're delicious.
There you have it.
Eat barnacle chips, they're delicious.
Okay.
I feel good today.
You know, I'll do one more.
We'll do one more.
This is a classic.
This one's longer, so we might not do the whole thing.
We might just do the beginning of this one.
But, um...
If you're not feeling macho enough.
Uh, Chuck Norris fact.
Chuck Norris' feet are so long that he skis without skis.
Trying to think of a Chuck Norris fact off the top of my head.
And that would be impressive.
Okay, here we go.
Do the accent work?
Okay, we were gonna do Chuck Norris,
but if people have specific requests.
I think all skills are worth learning.
Obviously.
So we can save this.
This one says I need to avoid this site.
It says it's not a safe site.
I clicked on the how to break the accent barrier.
Ahem.
And this is what I got.
I'll continue anyway.
But I can't wait for it to steal all my information.
Cycor, is this a fishing scam?
Are you trying to steal my well spits book?
See, you can't have that.
Okay, it's an app.
What even is this?
What even is this?
KKInstagram.com?
Okay, it's also just in the Discord.
So I'll just open that, I guess.
I guess I'll just open that.
Hello.
Welcome to breaking the accent barrier.
Okay.
Some languages the pitch slides up on important words.
Oh.
In other languages the pitch slides up and down.
Or the pitch slides up and down inside these words.
Oh yeah.
Some languages have a rapid staccato monotone pattern.
Uh oh, how far is it going to go with this?
Other monotone languages are much slower with equal stress on all syllables.
I'm very happy to meet you.
Okay.
I'm very happy to meet you.
I'm very happy to meet you.
Wait, that's not.
I'm very happy to meet you.
I'm very happy to meet you.
I'm very happy to meet you.
I'm very happy to meet you.
Come on, look me right in the eye.
Okay.
I'm very happy to meet you.
I'm going out of town next week.
I'm going out of town next week.
I'm going out of town next week.
Don't slide or glide up.
I really can't accept your offer.
I really can't accept your offer.
I really can't accept your offer.
offer. The chicken sandwich was terrible today. The chicken sandwich was terrible today. The
government bureaucracy doesn't work. The government bureaucracy doesn't work. Bureaucracy doesn't
work. Bureaucracy doesn't work. Good. Well, that's it for now. But I'll see you over
and over again. The government bureaucracy doesn't work. The government bureaucracy doesn't
work. How's that? The government bureaucracy doesn't work. Neither does being a father.
Neither does being a father. That is a word. The dead body was smelly today. The dead body
was smelly today. Does that feel natural? I'm trying to break the accent barrier. If I do
this enough, can I talk in a Chinese accent? I'm not going to do it now. It's an honest
question. I just sort of throw my voice around enough. Yeah, I think so, yeah. Okay, I'll
keep practicing then. We learned a lot of really good stuff today. That was great. Wow.
Really good. Let's send it to the next thing, which apparently is therapy. And we might
have to save our next gaming sesh or as I call it, gooming. Why do you call it that?
Sounds fun. Gooming sesh. We can save that for Wednesday or we got to play the Noid
game. I'm told it won't be me. It'll be some other guy. For now, let's try to catch up
on what we're behind on, which apparently includes case black while going to therapy.
That should be a lot of fun. Well, let me just get my body situated on this coach.
This is a coach, honestly. Doctor is a little hard sometimes to get a fully comfortable
on. You know what I mean? Oh my God.
Couple's therapy.
Kind of like in therapy right now to say, you know, yeah, I'm not kind of guy. I'm not
afraid of therapy. She said that I'm really brave for doing therapy. And I think she's
right. Can't deny that she's right. The healing can soon begin. You can help me
with my healing process by typing exclamation point H and various words of healing, therapeutic
words, words of affirmation, anything you think will help the particular process because I am,
of course, today joined by the one and only Dr. Chath.
Herman Webster Mudgett, May 16, 1861, May 7, 1896, better known as Dr. Henry Howard H.H. Holmes, was an American con artist and
serial killer.
Um, communicating into my mind.
How was he doing this?
He's really saying with his eyes, you're right guys.
Let me see.
How is that meant to help me also, doctor? Can you use your mouth instead of invading my mind with your powerful thoughts?
Nope, you can't.
Right, right. Let me see if I can, um, see if I can do anything about this one second.
Is there a way to do this?
Is there anything we can do?
Because I mean, obviously I'm here for the therapy, but it would be nice if it wasn't reaching into my mind at all times.
That would be my preference, I think.
One of these days, everything on the stream is going to work seamlessly.
Is this doing anything?
Hello, but it's not.
He's going to work seamlessly.
Is this doing anything?
Hello, but head, hello.
There, what the fuck is he doing right now?
Dr. Chad, are you aggressively dancing?
What the fuck was that? Can I make him do that again?
Is he trying to run away?
Can you just talk to me, Dr. Chad?
Thank God.
To the left, the road less traveled. Why did you just get baked at the fork?
Okay, fair question. Are you trying to say that I'm using recreational drugs to avoid dealing with myself in a more honest way?
Because I could see that if I was doing them in excess.
But despite me saying I've done various hallucinogenics, I do it quite rarely.
I'd say maybe even just once a year, or even two years.
Your dreams are not dreams. They are your other selves screaming for help and freedom.
This is the wrong existence. Become puppy.
You know, I will work on that. That actually sounds pretty good.
There will be peace in the Middle East when my stream works as intended. Damn.
Fortunately calling for discord there permanently.
Sorry, I misunderstood the assignment. You have graduated therapy.
Oh, I'm done? Yeah, as long as I'm done, I'm good to go then. I don't-
Healing thoughts.
I'm done like I have those myself now?
Are you afraid of a malepule personality disorder after doing improv for so long?
I mean, I think if I was going to get it from doing this, then it's too late for me.
Surely I already have it.
I'm afraid of therapy. Both sides.
You know what, that's really brave to admit. Because I think a lot of men are afraid of therapy.
And not me. I'm really brave. And unlike just two, I'm honestly more modern than that.
But it's brave of you to admit that I have made therapists.
Does the noids snort pizzas? Or is just a normal crack addict?
Is he a crack addict? I thought he was-
Does he eat pizzas or does the noid kind of just show up around pizzas? Because then he's a crack addict.
But if he eats pizzas, then he- I think he's addicted to pizzas.
Are you feeling a little lightheaded?
Me? I mean, sure.
But I think that's just because I've got nice thin blood like our president.
Whaaat?
Did I graduate? Am I done?
We need Leon back to the stream. What happened to him?
He's on the same boat that Salazar is trapped on with Liliana and Tyler and Sammy Seven-Elepods.
Someday they'll figure it out. Someday they will figure it out.
And how many times have you put toy cars in your anus just to go to the emergency room to have some human interaction?
And how did it make you feel?
It's a very specific example of desperate behavior that I actually haven't done, Dr. Chath.
And I'm curious why you thought of that specifically.
Accidentally- Oh, you're just moving on.
Lama al-five hundred and fifty-five five thousand five hundred and fifty-five. Accidente di auto. Lama al-five hundred and fifty-five five thousand five hundred and fifty-five.
Aggression sexual. Lama al-five hundred and fifty-five five thousand five hundred and fifty-five. Buen credito. Mal credito. No hay problema.
Lama al-five hundred and fifty-five five thousand five hundred and fifty-five. Lama ora.
Dr. Chath, I did notice you set up a camera and do seem to also be recording an ad while I'm doing this.
Which I'm fine with. I signed all the waivers. But just one note, maybe say the phone number.
And also, maybe not a local number. That's all fives. Unless you really have that and you're only operating locally.
Maybe include the area code at least. Or get an 800 number. Just a thought.
Asterisk knock. Asterisk brand brand. It's me, your mom. My jaw fell off again. And well, that asterisk bark asterisk whore. Asterisk bark asterisk. Becky is too blame.
Where's Pastor Joe? I need some healing. Asterisk awoo. Asterisk.
Sorry, are you reading my Twitch chat from a couple days ago? Because I know in the past, I have accused you of just reading chat.
And that's how you do all of therapy. But I'm just trying. I'm really in for the process. I'm just trying to see how what it says.
Asterisk moo asterisk. Why do you keep saying that to me, Dr. Chath? I really would like to.
You know, I've got personal demons that like all of us that I'd love to work through. I just want to know.
Which do you think of more often? Ancient Rome or Piss?
For sure, Piss. Though I did fail the Ancient Rome test as well. And that one kind of lasts me how often I think of it because it was trending on TikTok to ask your boyfriend that.
I said once a month. Which I don't think is that high. But apparently is the answer that most dudes give. Or once a week.
But I'm going to say once a month.
To please a woman, focus on open communication, emotional connection, and prioritizing her pleasure through extended foreplay and clitoral stimulation.
Key actions include active listening to her desires, using lubrication, experimenting with positions, and creating a safe, trusting environment.
Sexual arousal for women often begins in the mind. So mental intimacy and teasing are essential.
Yep. Well, that's it. I'm not afraid to talk about this, but it feels disrespectful to women to talk about them.
It feels disrespectful to women to talk about them. So let's move on.
Hey, Bran Bran. I was updating all my PS4 games and noticed I haven't played Senran Kagura in like two years.
Dr. Cheth, what? There's so much booba in that game. Who do you think you are?
I felt like Gina Darling and started motorboating the TV. Bromsky.
Is this like immersion therapy for me to roleplay as Brandon, a guy that I'm not?
The fire is in my soul.
Okay, I agree with that.
Asterisk meow. Asterisk asterisk kawaii.
Laugh asterisk asterisk grunts asterisk.
So are these just noises you're not comfortable making? Not that I'm the one that should be therapising here.
But you could just grunt at me if you want.
Did you like my lil' dancey dance?
Actually I did. How did you even do that? You're so still all the time. It was nice to see you cut loose.
If you ever need a mental health break, a walk outside can be very helpful.
That's thank you. That is good advice. I should do that more often honestly.
The show Shrinking is actually pretty good.
Oh okay, maybe I'll check that out. I'm not sure if you'd be biased or you'd be a heart-share critic actually.
So maybe I should take that recommend-
I'm being very brave.
I guess being a therapist honestly isn't active.
Asterisk screams asterisk asterisk screams asterisk asterisk
You were practicing what we learned in that other segment. You're finding the peaks and valleys very subtly in your own vocal intonation.
What happened to Crumb's wife, is she single now?
Yes? I guess not actually, but I do think she cheated on him?
Toy boat, toy boat, toy boat, toy boat, toy boat, toy boat.
Do you have like an audition coming up or am I supposed to do that too? Toy boat?
I never found that useful. I don't do any vocal exercises which is why I speak so clearly and comfortably.
War? Who? Good God y'all, what is it good for? Seriously, I need to know.
That's a great question. And honestly we could all use a little solidarity, people who are against war Dr. Chath.
And if you really want to talk about this we absolutely-
I don't like this shirt. I'm going to change it.
Oh, okay. We can move on then I guess.
You may need an exorcist for your demons.
Is that not you?
Casable Hypet, Casable Hypet, Casable Hypet, Casable Hypet, Casable Hypet, Dude Pop.
Like a haiku or two haikus?
Prison calling and sinai in Siusol. In the call men save one, prison calling and sinai in Siusol.
Alright, we use the same kius men up the same. All who are men in the callobos die each other.
Siak is a maned beggin the call to be stay. You push your wish the same.
Kius men in the callobos die and you're not is the same like you.
They promised in you, now in trouble, love ya, you can endo, come on, not Sius, no, bye, for love.
So up up just come now, we come love I hoping to stay like choose go.
How long is this? Dr. Chath. Dr. Chath.
Is this old English?
I've read the Canterbury Tales, but I don't know what you're saying. I had to read them translated.
Is that a word? You say?
Prison, callien, hello, whatever.
How does it feel being the world's greatest news anchor?
You know it's a burden, but three times a week I wear that burden.
Some of the demons can be dealt with if you download and pay the monthly subscription at pnuChrist.ai.
Guaranteed all the demons will be gone and your mental health will be solved.
Do my dance. Let your chat vote on it.
I don't know how you, I can't, I mean, I wish you would dance again.
Would you dance again? I'd love it if you would dance again.
Oh, oh wow. Okay, I didn't think you would. Oh geez. Oh, and you're done.
Oh, oh, oh, you're so getting so low. You don't have to dance in your chair.
You want to get up, you can't, I you win. I can't do that. You're too good.
I can't win. I'm scared to do that. You're right. I'm scared of doing it.
Okay, fine, I'll admit that. I'm scared of doing it.
How's your colon? Is it full colon or semi colon?
I think it's full. I probably need to get it checked out. Honestly, I'm getting that age.
You remind me of someone from college. He used to fuck couches.
If I lose enough weight, can I stop looking like JD Vance?
How much more weight do I have to lose at which point I can pretend that I don't look like JD Vance?
Can you answer me that, Dr. Chath? Because that would be useful, if you know.
Ah, ah, grrr. Cody Rhodes, adrenaline in my soul.
All right, you know what, Dr. Chath, we have other things to do.
Out of control.
Obviously, we're all, maybe Cody Rhodes fans. I can't, I don't know what he's up to lately.
Crowd is here, about to blow, waiting for me to start the show.
Out the curtain, lights go up, I'm home.
Honestly, that was what I needed to hear. That was really beautiful.
And I appreciate you saying that.
Sometimes I'm afraid to hear what I really need to hear.
And that was it.
So I guess we'll call it there. Anything you want to close on, Dr. Chath?
Buzz, steepest teeth, BSTTs, asterisk, asterisk.
I hear voices in my head. They counsel me. They understand they talk to me.
You've got your rules and your religion all designed to keep you safe.
But when rules start getting broken, you'll start questioning your faith.
I have a voice that is my savior, hates to love, and loves to hate.
I have a voice that has the knowledge and the power to rule your fate.
Damn, that was beautiful.
Okay, let's go watch a lawyer talk to 30 Bart Simpson.
That's all the therapy I can handle, guys. It's in circled time.
I'm sure it'll work. Perfectly.
Perfectly!
I just think soda's better without ice. I just think you should be dead.
Music is bad and it's bad for you.
What?
A sock on the door means a crime is happening.
Okay, but I don't really get where I am.
Um... Okay.
It's confusing what's on screen, but I'm an IP infringement lawyer.
Um... And I am to understand, I believe, that today what I am doing is talking to 30 gentlemen that are infringing on the Simpsons IP.
If I'm understanding this correctly.
Funnily enough, my name is Bartholomew Mould.
Part of the law firm Mould, Grout, and Scrant.
Maybe you've heard of it, maybe not. Mostly operating in the Minnesota area, so...
My name is Bartholomew Mould.
It is a D, but it's an ancient Molvarian spelling.
M-O-L-D, where it's kind of co-rolled off the tongue like a T.
Okay.
Uh, let me...
Producers flagging me down saying they need to tidy up a few things.
Uh...
So I'm gonna just let them do that.
Maybe that'll help.
Whatever they're doing over there.
Nope, it didn't. Let's try this.
There it is.
That seems good.
Whatever you guys are doing, I'm proud of you as a lawyer.
I love to see people working as a lawyer. That's the thing I say.
Okay.
You can put in counterclaims, I'm told to tell you, by typing exclamation point C-C.
And I will...
I'm happy to talk about, um...
Really, any legal issues.
I am a lawyer, so...
I don't know if there's that much to debate in the case.
Well, there are a lot of gray areas in IP law.
But, um...
If I'm to understand the situation correctly, um...
You are infringing on Simpson's IP.
And that is my primary...
Axe to Grind here is IP law is in place for a reason.
It's actually to protect artists, the intellectual property of artists,
so that there's any kind of economy around them.
Say what you will about a capitalistic system.
I'm not coming down on either end.
But you do need IP infringement law in order for artists to even exist.
So...
If any of you are infringing on the Simpson's IP, then I will have to inform you as such.
So let's get down to it.
My first claim that you are infringing on Simpson's IP.
Anybody can...
Anybody can come up and talk to me about that.
Ah, man, I ain't doing that shit, man.
Fuck you, man.
Man...
Man...
Fuck you, huh?
Fuck you, man.
I did the bar, man. I crum...
Grave!
Was that legally wrong?
Man...
Let me tell you about this, dude.
Hey, y'all. What's up?
Hey!
I'm a desert underground.
Crum, man. You're dead, man.
I was dancing on the grave.
We the bunch of my friends.
We the fucker, man.
We the man who told me what's up.
And I'm bar-syncing.
They tell me that they were gonna get this work.
I ain't taking shit, saying giving shit, saying shit.
I ain't with the shit.
You the semi-dick. Fuck you, bitch.
What?
Hold. You've been voted out by the group.
Why is...
What did I do?
What did I do?
God, it's a firefall!
Um...
I didn't really get to respond
to whatever he was saying.
To me, my main point of contention,
there would have been that he looks
like Bart Simpson.
I'm unclear on what's happening.
Does anybody want to help me out here?
For instance, why am I...
Why'd you guys give me this weird jacket that's part purple, part red?
Any of you kids want to tell me?
None of you even look like Bart.
So, then that guy looked
a lot like Bart.
Which, depending on what he was doing
would be an infringement on the IP.
Um, so...
Anyway...
Let's try one more, I guess.
Oh yeah, I'm fucking Bart Simpson.
Yo!
I'm fucking Bart.
I'm drunk.
I'm in the bar.
I'm drunk.
It's fuck.
It's just not for beer.
Your dad's here.
Am I clear?
I'm Bart Simpson and I'm all clear about that.
I got the sis lack of bringing him back.
Uh, can we... Excuse me.
What's your point?
Two bars can't be in the same place
at the same time via time cobblers.
You understand?
I'm all sis lack bringing him back.
But I'm the Bart.
I'm the stack.
I got priority, man.
Oh yeah!
I'm on a fucking bender
because I'm a bartender.
That's a permanent bender.
I can't commit IP fraud
because I'm God.
I'm all sis lack Bart.
I'm on top.
You want to get this with me?
You can't even touch this.
I'm Bart Simpson.
I'm all sis lack.
Sorry.
What?
What?
Can we just talk?
Can we turn the music off?
Not a chance, bitch.
Get it back.
Boom, bam, boom, bam.
All sis lack in the trap.
You don't even sound like most sis lack.
You look a little like him.
Yo.
Two bars can't be in the same place
at the same time.
Hey, I'm fucking Bart Simpson.
What was that?
I'm a Bart Simpson trap beat thumbnail
and there's nothing wrong with that
because there can only be one Bart.
Oh, whoop.
Hold.
You've been voted on.
What?
I didn't...
Bring my beat back.
Yo, I'm most sis.
As a lawyer, I have other concerns
with what I'm witnessing right now
other than the...
the raps that keep happening
and I thought there's going to be
a lot of discourse here.
My understanding was people are committing
IP fraud on the Simpsons,
specifically using the Bart Simpson character
that appeared to be most sis lack.
He made no points and he rapped
sort of for about a minute.
So I loved it if the producers could just
hold for a second and explain to me
what is happening.
I'm being told they can't do that.
Okay, I guess we're going into the next one then.
Have a cow, man.
Anyone got a spliff?
You know, man.
Okay, thank God, at least you're not rapping.
Look, you appear to be Bart Simpson,
but with a face trapped over your...
Nah, dog.
Um, if we could just...
Could we lose the music at least
so that I could talk to them about this?
Here's the deal, man.
Bart's so real I got a chin on the neck.
What?
Bart's so real I got a mouth on the neck.
What?
Adam's Apple, baby, and I'm bringing it back.
I've been so damn mad,
I got a mouth, Apple neck.
Uh, I got the skateboard
squirting through the streets like, oh my gore.
Yeah, that's I said squirting through the streets
cause that's what's up.
I got the finger popping fingers
that will never fucking stop.
I'm making girlies go what?
Spliffin' hand and it's so damn grand.
I'm fucking chiefed out, baby.
That's the master plan.
My mind's so damn high
that I made it to flight school.
Bart Simpson in the back.
Bart Simpson in the trap.
Okay, um...
Can we just...
Can I just say something?
No, you can't say shit.
Bart Simpson on the trip, man
about the chalk and shit.
I've been right...
What was that?
You've been voted out by the group.
What does that mean, though?
What does that actually...
AHHHHHH!
That's fine, I'm actually a spirit trapped in Bart Simpson's neck!
Are there really
four minutes and 44 seconds left of this?
Just for anyone
who's gonna come up next.
I don't even know if he was infringing on IP.
I don't- you're kinda convincing me you're not.
I think what's happening in here
is too dumb to be a problem.
I think it might be fine.
I think
in my legal opinion, if something
is pointless enough
this- nobody cares.
Nobody cares.
So...
Maybe we just stop?
Cause I just fundamentally don't understand
what any of your points are.
I'm not trying to be rude, I just
I legitimately don't quite get it.
Oh, shit.
Yo, what's up, man?
Two faces over
near-
I'm Bart.
What?
Look, my point is
purple monkey dishwasher, man.
Do you get what I'm-
Do you get what I'm saying, man?
I- no.
I- I- I- that- that's from the show.
Let me just try to engage you here on the level you're coming in from.
That's on the show,
so that's fine to say.
That's not against- that's not IP infringement
just to say a thing from the show.
I also don't think it's IP infringement to be
two faces over a still frame from the show.
Still frame, change the game.
Now I'm so still
it's never the same, man.
Two faces in the air.
There's double fucking kisses, baby.
Manaja, I do not care.
Like, oh!
Hold, uh, you've been voted out by the group?
Sort of, what is that?
I don't- I don't know if you can kill me.
I can't even quite tell what I am
on a physical level.
Struggling to understand if there's a mechanism for me to quit.
I don't know what I'm saying,
but there's a mechanism for me to quit.
Three-
That was longer than 20 seconds.
What even-
How long is this timer?
There's no way that was only
16 seconds?
4-
I guess it was at 444?
Is that a less than a minute?
It felt like a lot longer-
Okay, fine. Well, let's just-
Whoever, just please. Let's just keep it moving, I guess.
Already?
Um,
I didn't think it was physically possible.
But this both sucks
and blows.
What is going on here?
Bar Simpson on the track.
No, you're a guy with Bart
in front of your face.
Incorrect.
Bar Simpson on the track.
No, you're hiding.
I don't know how you're doing it, but-
So damn Bart that I don't even spring-feel with you.
I don't even spring-feel with you.
I don't even spring-feel
when I step up to the mic
the whole crowd spring-keeled.
That's right, I got the spiky hair
so I never nare.
I'm gonna jump with my head
and kill you bitch, I don't care.
I got the spikes so sharp
that they're an illegal weapon.
So you better
get to stepping, please.
For the love of God.
Can we just stop?
Step on this bitch.
I don't even get a shit bit.
Sir, sir, please, just
step out from behind the Bart.
Never behind the Bart.
Don't- don't even maybe start.
I never behind the Bart. You're not even doing a good job
of hiding behind the Bart.
This both sucks and blows.
That's just how it goes
when you're with these calls. Candy in my-
Hold.
You've been voted out by the group.
Uh, well hit him right now.
You hit the Bart in front of me, right?
Not meeeeeee!
Okay, let me just say this.
First of all, if you're killing these people,
that is illegal.
If you're- you seem to be killing every contestant,
and even if their
specific physical state is
unclear to me,
that'll get you guys in trouble. Just as a lawyer.
And I'm also not involved with whatever
that part of this- I didn't know that was gonna happen.
If you need a lawyer to represent you
for what you're- the murder you're doing,
I could make recommendations.
I think- cause I technically will be a suspect.
I probably can't represent you, but...
Secondly,
if you're selling this, then it might be-
I don't know what you would- that guy would have been selling,
but if- is he selling his-
is he trying to be Bart Simpson as a rapper?
That would probably be covered by parody law, so...
My main point is we've got to be
out of these guys.
How many of these guys could there possibly be?
What? 30- 30-
Really 30 of them?
My sister's gonna sue you.
My sister's in the future.
My sister's Maggie.
I'm Bart Simpson.
Okay, I'm not understanding what I'm seeing.
I'm Bart.
Touchdown.
So are you like- is it like a men in black situation
where like you're an alien controlling a Bart?
I really want to meet you guys
at the level you're coming at me from, but...
Sorry, also, you're gonna sue me for what?
I- what would you be suing- well, that's the future, so...
My sister's gonna do pretty much anything.
She's the pre- she's wearing
the Kamala outfit too. Isn't that crazy?
Simpson's called it.
Well, okay, um...
I guess that's fine
if your sister will sue me.
I don't think you could sue me for copyright infringement.
No, I'm suing you.
Actually, what I'm suing you for?
Please.
69er.
Yeah, took off the dick of 49er.
That's a new position, so listen,
I've been getting to the sipping on the pussy.
That's a mission. It ain't trippin', baby.
Let's tell them what's up.
Bart Simpson, you know I love the fuck.
Got the helmet on, but not on the rub.
That's right, I'm talkin' bout sex.
So save your breath.
I cast checks every time that I get the bitches wet.
Huh!
How are you not getting voted out?
Looks like it's totally full.
I can see it on the monitor.
So full, call that shit an ongo, baby,
eatin' up the soup, and I'm taking the goof.
I like to tell them the truth when I've been...
Hold.
You've been voted out by the group?
Okay, so, but to be clear, him.
I'm not that Bart!
It's the same situation as last time!
I don't deserve to die!
Kill the little Bart guy, not me!
They seem so committed to the being the little Bart in front of them until they die.
I'm not that Bart!
I'm not that Bart in front of them until they die.
And I do think that's cowardly.
That's not a legal opinion.
That's a personal opinion.
I think it's cowardly to relinquish your
fundamental position that you are the little Bart in front of you.
Right before you die.
I don't really know what to talk to you people about,
cause you're not meeting me halfway.
You keep rapping.
None of you seem to want to discuss IP law.
And honestly, all of you kind of rap the same.
And none of you sound like Bart.
So...
I guess that's my claim.
None of you even sound like Bart.
Most of you have a Bart in front of you.
None of this is IP infringement.
But all of it is bad!
There you...
Why is there already a beat playing?
Why is there already a beat playing?
Please could we not?
Bart Simpson like a tear tattoo.
To death.
That's what it do, man.
I killed two people.
I killed two people.
I killed two Bart's.
And I had to get the tattoos cause it broke my heart.
Let me tell you how it went down.
I was living in a town next to Springfield.
Shelbyville?
Now you're getting it.
I remember that.
But this guy's the one who's saying it.
I am from Shelbyville.
And so the Bart's that I killed
was all the blood that I spilled.
And the Bart was too real.
I'm not sure if you know what I mean.
Oh, real.
You're not even trying!
Your face just fucked up, man.
What's up with that?
What's up with that?
Don't mirror what I'm saying to you, man.
What's up with that?
I'm not afraid to die!
Falling quietly.
I'm being quiet while I fall.
Just because your thumbnail's on a rap video
doesn't mean that you yourselves should rap.
But that's what I'm understanding
is you're all thumbnails on YouTube rap videos.
It doesn't mean that you have to rap.
And that shouldn't be controversial to say.
Also, how come none of you look like Bart?
I guess some of you have a Bart
that looks exactly like Bart.
That could be IP infringement,
but again, only if you're selling it.
I think. Now I'm all confused.
Could we just get one Bart that doesn't rap?
Is that a, is that possibly an option?
How are there even 30 of these?
I do have questions.
I'm Bart Simpson.
Bart Simpson.
Who the hell are you?
Okay. You do have a Bart trapped on your head.
I know.
Not that that makes sense, but it makes more sense
than what everyone else has been saying.
Please help me.
Pretty soon he's going to start rapping and I can't stop him.
No, please. Please. Do whatever you can to stop him.
It's all not that good.
It's just, I mean, it's, he can do it on the fly.
I guess that's impressive on some level, but...
It's trash. Ass. Rap.
I agree.
Oh, thank God.
Okay, pause. That's time. Please wait in your seat.
No.
No, I can feel it.
Raping on my fall to the ground.
Let this man die as I fall through the...
You killed him even though he made it?
I have to contact my lawyer now.
I know have to contact my lawyer.
You guys have put me in an awful position.
This is simply awful for me.
Jesus Christ.
Jesus Christ.
Jesus Christ.
Jesus Christ.
I mean, I guess what an experience.
I don't know what this was for.
I didn't get to make any of my points.
I had a whole... I prepared for this.
I prepared for this.
Just thank God whatever this is,
it doesn't transfer like some sort of pathogen
where you start becoming Bart.
Uh-huh. No.
Bart Simpson on the track
at the end of the rap baby.
Never coming back.
Bart Simpson with the encircle crack.
That's alright. That's it man.
I am done with this.
Flipping on my hand bitch.
Let's go Bart.
What? Where did my music go man?
I'm Bart Simpson baby. Yeah.
Well, this doesn't feel right.
Something about this doesn't feel quite right.
There we go.
I was getting the Bart Simpson out of me.
I almost got where-barted there. That would have been horrible.
Well, you know, we started ranting about
a potentially globe-ending conflict,
but we ended with a lot of Bart Simpson rapping, so...
Take the good with the bad guys.
Okay, we will do Brandon next time, but uh...
You know, you know me.
I start turning into Bart Simpson if I stream for more than two hours, so I'm already...
I'm already over budget here.
Let's send you, you know...
I never raid Will Neff because he doesn't need it.
At all.
I'd be shocked if he even fucking notices.
Well, let's raid Will anyway just because he's on here.
Uh, give him the old G4 shout out guys, say.
Case Blackwell is here to remind you of G4 as a curse.
I'm spreading the curse of G4 memories.
I'm spreading the curse of G4 memories.
I'm spreading the curse of G4 memories.
I'm spreading the curse of G4 memories.
I'm spreading the curse of G4 memories.
I'm spreading the curse of G4 memories.
With this little baby raid for Will.
Have a great night everyone.
Um...
Be careful if you see a roving guy with a Bart Simpson floating in front of him in the streets.
It's dangerous.
It spreads like a virus.
That's true.
I was Bart Simpson for about six years.
Really?
Yeah. I ate a whole Bart.
I became Bart for a couple years.
I thought everywhere I was going I had tons of face tats
and I was gonna split up.
I looked cool as shit.
I was constantly dripped out.
I had maximum aura.
I was...
I was also still a dog.
And I wasn't Bart also.
You just contradicted everything that you said.
Yeah, that's the kind of thing Bart Simpsons do.
I still have a little bit of Bart left in me.
It's dangerous.
I'm just saying it is dangerous.
One thing I won't eat is stuff that's cursed with Bart Simpson.
That's the one thing you won't eat?
I will eat.
I had some earlier, but I shouldn't.
Nah, I should.
And I did.
Bye everyone.
I'm still Bart Simpson.
Aren't you Pepito?
Yeah, I'm that too.
Okay, bye bye. Have fun.
Say hi to Will's.
Curs him with the memory of G4, please.
Have a great day. Bye bye.
Are they gone?
Can I finally become full Bart?
Yes.
Okay, I'm doing it.
Our good portion was done digitally in the computer.