I'm Pepita, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Case Blackwell said thank you for your paternidism, Apple Dappler.
You've officially been pardoned by the president for your derply nimble bumble boo boo.
Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two...
Oh my gosh, there's a lot happening.
There's a lot of things going on on this stream.
I step away for one week and there's 40 times the graphics I have a horrendous new jacket on.
It turns out if you take a week off all of your dreams come true.
I need a Candyland expert to explain what Candyland is.
We can do that, we can do that I guess right away.
Good to see everybody. I've had a little bit of a busy one but I thought I'd hop on at least once this week.
I thought I'd be able to stream all week and then I got a job and I've been trying to set up that Candyland stream.
Living LA Vita Fiona, someone has to pick up the slack for Fiona.
LA lifestyle, all lesbian bars and long conversations with potential girlfriend.
That's not true by the way.
I have not been doing that.
Okofil 2K Apple Dappler Skymer propaganda, Psytricks, Jay Money.
AVCPV Grendel, Love the Hate, Xander, Skymer.
Might be alive and sleazy in there somewhere. Thank you all so much for watching and thank you for all of these subs that are pouring in.
The hype train is getting, is eating good in the neighborhood today.
That's correct.
Oh that's good.
That's good I like that.
Xander thank you so much for the sub.
Thank you Dilemma for feeding me your tasty hype.
I fed it to my ass.
That's not that nice but...
Oh but I mean that as a compliment.
Jay Money, thank you so much for the 16 months.
Uncle Phil thank you for the 17.
Take me to brain.
Oh so with the 17.
Oh my god.
The stream is going well.
Could you just thank the people?
Yeah Wondersprout thanks for the 22 months.
Side tracks. Thank you for the 19 months.
Apple to Apple for the 10.
Muuut almost 3 for 2 years case.
And look how much we have to show for it.
Golden jacket.
It's effects around the screen.
It's all looking so good.
This golden jacket is insanely cheap.
In construction it was also pretty cheap purchase wise.
For a full jacket.
And those I can feel the cost.
And that it feels like if I move too aggressively.
I will split it in half.
So there's a chance this jacket won't be here for the long haul.
Just because I don't know if I can even wash it.
Without it breaking.
But while we have it we may as well.
It is too hot out actually.
It's insanely hot here in Los Angeles.
That is also happening.
Oh did you forget that I'm here case?
I'm right here.
No I see you.
You're a certified demon according to propaganda.
Yeah. I got my certification and everything.
I'm a devil demon monster and I'm here to do bad things.
Hey great to you. Thank you so much for the 16 months.
I kissed the planet.
Don't kiss the whole planet.
The whole planet just got a little kissy.
Oh my god.
Tam Tram pushing us to a rare level 4.
Without good weather what is LA good for?
Um...
The really in your face wealth disparity?
Oh it's great for that.
Because there's so many rich people.
But there's also huge amounts of completely destitute homeless people.
Yeah sometimes right next to each other.
It's fascinating.
I wouldn't describe it that way.
But it's split.
It's good for that if you like that.
And I do.
Why do you like that?
I am a train.
Okay.
Those people work a hundred million times harder than we do?
I agree.
I do agree.
Okay well there's probably a fair amount of news to cover.
He's a demon it's in his nature.
Yeah I've been very afraid of that.
I like human suffering.
I feed on it.
I call it heart.
Oh no no no no no.
Ah that's cute.
Listen up Jack.
Uncle Fulton will exist.
Mama Jam 300 shiny tasty coins.
And I've been dying to say this.
Middle aged monster would guy pilot.
Middle aged monster would guy pilot.
Middle aged monster would guy pilot.
Middle aged monster would guy pilot.
He's made of wood and he's a landlord.
That guy's head tasted great.
And Uncle Fulton K thank you so much for the 300 bits.
Oh my gosh.
You're reaching unusual heights here hype train.
Oh you are not the other layer of the thing on the side of the screen.
This is the ultimate sum almost in my ultimate form.
I will get me some Goku trap beats going in here.
Cause I'm about to go super training.
Super training?
Yeah but spelled by TRHI KIN.
To make it Dragon Ball Z.
You know what I'm saying?
This Goku's not smoking any splits.
So I don't know if I can trust this trap music.
Probably need to turn it down though.
Because it's been a little loud lately hype train.
Alright.
Do you have anything of any value to say hype train?
No.
I'm not here for that.
I'm here to throw you to life.
You know that's what you're here for?
Yeah.
To get ready.
Super training on swag.
Please.
I'm playing you know that I'm fucking on a big fat joke.
Like Goku's hair base.
Please.
Stay ready.
Get the blood out.
Water.
Water.
What a dog.
Fight train coming through.
I might turn another fucking dimension.
Yo call Vegeta.
I'm a people pleaser.
I might defeat you.
Put my non-existent hand to my temple.
Like Piccolo.
I send you straight fucking phone.
Blast through the body like my name is rabbit.
Speak my riches because you know what's ahead of you.
It's over 9000.
I don't care if you're a clown.
I'm a bust that never.
I'm a send back to a white man.
Like I'm in the precinct.
I'm resting all the haters.
Cause hype train bringing their flavor.
What the?
I'm a chest hype train.
I'm a beat bitch.
You know I'm the best.
I'm a big girl.
These motherfuckers put the side damn on their little.
Good to see everybody.
We're just having a normal start to the stream as usual.
We got our Goku trap beats.
This is the new stream.
We'll do news eventually I swear.
Hype train versus hangman page in a steel cage match.
Oh fuck, oh fuck him up man.
He's already got matches going on.
I think he's got a pay-per-view this weekend.
I'm paying him to take a dive.
I am in favor of rigging sports.
Then there's no, you can't brag about that.
You're paying people to lose to you.
No that's the most balling shit of all.
You pay people to take a dive.
Not only did you beat them physically, you beat them mentally.
That's why gangsters are so gangsters.
Good to see you Matt Liddell.
Good to see everybody in the chat.
Train behind the Black Sox scandal.
I wish that was a master class in how to do sports.
Right.
No, this is opposite.
Not the opposite.
Sports betting is sports now.
We all agree it's legal.
We're in for the fix bitch.
Say his name and he appears.
Yeah well, he appears one way or another.
But I, you know, I think he's gonna die soon.
No, I'm already at level five.
Five?
Rhymes with a life.
So, I'm pretty sure that means I'm a balling girl.
Do you know where he goes?
I'm pretty sure that means I'm a balling girl.
What are you talking like that?
I'm pretty sure I've always thought like this.
I know what I mean.
Oh shit, I can see myself slipping away.
What the fuck?
I don't even know what noise right.
I was right.
Oh my god.
Okay.
We're back.
What a hype train today.
Thank you all so much for the support.
Apple to Apple with the bits coming in Matt Liddell with the sub.
AVCP with the 19 months.
S1000 with the five months.
And in case we miss it.
Uncle Phil 2K, thank you so much for the 300 bits.
And the splunther shout out.
Okay, well, there's probably news to talk about.
I haven't streamed all week.
Let's see what's in the news shoot.
AKA the cream team news thread.
Feel free to throw any stories in there.
I usually don't get to more than three stories a day because I'm very slow.
And because there's 15 other segments.
But let's do some news then we'll talk to a candy person to explain what Candy Land is.
Or just a candy expert, whatever that counts as.
And then we'll see what else we got.
But for now, it's news time.
It's still your design.
Don't let them take it from you.
Okay.
I feel like I'm just gonna...
Erse ladies that look into me.
They want me to come.
Go settle in.
Put your love to me.
I've never looked better.
I pull this jacket off.
It's funny.
Okay, I can see why you're just reporting it.
Turns out I can wear pretty much anything.
Good to see everybody.
It's me, it's Kevry Booth.
Good to see you Jack.
Even if you kind of immediately insulted me that you're in the mood for your love.
That's intentional.
What we're saying doesn't matter.
Listen to me, Sultry Toon.
What's this dragon's face?
I don't understand.
It is turned almost all the way up.
There we go.
Is that a little...
Is that a little...
Okay.
That's a little bit better.
Because the people hate that it's quiet.
I had heard no complaints.
I'm sure there's some.
No, this is the chorus, I think.
You see, Booth.
Okay.
What are you doing?
Aren't you gonna do news?
Yeah, it's news time.
Let's see what's breaking in the world today.
Who's breaking this just in?
Hulk Hogan.
Oh.
Hulk Hogan is your top story?
After a week?
Well, it was in the thread.
You're not curious?
What the hulks are head to say on Logan Paul's podcast?
God damn it.
What the f...
And this is huge now?
Why is this so big?
At least get it together.
You're covering up my news face.
And good, and good enough.
Hulk Hogan's most outrageous quotes from the Logan Paul podcast.
I think they did have an asshole off.
Whose asshole was tighter or looser?
What is the metric for the asshole contest?
Who can asshole harder?
Is that a penetration thing?
We just have to find, you have to read and find out, Jeff.
I don't want to read this.
Hulk Hogan's most outrageous quotes from the Logan Paul podcast.
Okay, it looks like they're going to explain to us who Logan Paul, who both of them are maybe.
He helped build Ted Turner's.
WCW, they're really running it back here.
In the years since his wrestling days, I'll assume that's what they're talking about.
We've seen a very different side of Hulk Hogan.
Real name Terry Balls, B'Leya.
Oh, my bad.
After his in ring career came to an end, a video leaked of Hogan using a racial slur,
resulting in a brief management.
Okay, and there's a sex tape.
He was sort of into hotwifing his Radio Star, buddy's friends.
Yeah, I guess that actually is what happened there.
Yeah, he's sort of a hotwife radio guy.
Isn't that what he's known for now, being a hotwife radio guy?
I don't know if anyone would watch that sex tape and describe it as a hotwife.
Well, I don't want to diminish the wife.
I've never seen the tape.
You've got to get up.
Can we play the tape?
Absolutely not, Jeff.
It's a leaked sex tape.
It's bad on multiple levels.
All right.
He's also known for outlandish or quirky, for saying outlandish and quickly disprovable things.
Things regarding his career, whatever he's interviewed, and that was no different this week when he appeared on Logan Balls.
Impulsive podcast.
But Paul is spelled in a really clever way.
There's any audio listeners out there.
It's impol, paul, sieve.
You got to admit that's good.
I mean, when you hit gold, you hit gold.
And I'm in gold.
It's just that easy for me to riff case.
Can we see the highlights?
The highlights, yes.
Let's check out these.
Wow, look at this still frame.
How many of these, how many highlights they have in here?
Well, let's check out this one.
If Chris Menwalk and do the crap he did and the fans still love him, they're very forgiving.
I've made some major mistakes in my personal life.
They're very, very forgiving, but they forgive you.
Wait.
So his argument is, Chris Menwalk murdered his whole family.
So I can do whatever.
Yeah, that's pretty much his argument.
Is he comparing the things he's done to murdering his family?
Yes, that is basically the comparison he's making.
Hmm.
Does that work?
Can I just say something terrible that happened and say,
Well, they forgave Dahmer.
He got his own TV series.
Well, first of all, I don't think everybody forgave Benoit.
Did I forgive him?
Jeff, I don't know.
Did you?
I just don't have an opinion on him.
Who is he?
Well, you don't know who he is.
How'd you know he murdered his family?
I just know that's a murder name.
Then why?
It sounds French.
I don't trust them.
Jeff, then you're just letting your xenophobia guide you.
Of course.
All right.
So that's not bad.
No, that is what he just said is bad.
Oh, but he was saying it's not bad.
Okay.
Well, so that's a bad one.
All right.
Bad take.
We're willing to say that's a bad take.
You're probably on every wrestler's Mount Rushmore wrestlers.
Come on.
There's a few haters out there.
Like who?
Brad Hart?
Why is he so bitter?
Brad hates everybody.
Brad hates Eve.
It's not me.
It's flair.
It's venice.
You know, I'll never work for a vince again after what happened to my family and the
knees back.
Wait, why did it have so many beers?
It just never ends with him.
I love Brett the Death.
Now, I started with Brett.
I mean, I remember when I was in Atlanta, I was in the business about three years and
I was like 330 pounds, almost 340.
Oh, natural.
Anyway, I just remember Brett used to live across the hall of me.
And when I was working for Channel 17, what was it?
He's just still such a great story.
That I was so big, Brett, I'd wrestle three guys once.
So I'd pick all three of them up in a bear hug and just ragged on, you know.
Brett was one of them.
I thought him down.
But we're just all getting started.
So it was all fun.
But then we got rolling and he just, man, it's just, it's just, he says, I destroyed
his career.
You know, it's like, okay.
All right.
Whatever.
He's got the chat is informing us.
These are his own beer.
Oh, it's real.
It just looks like a PBR.
Like it looks like an American beer, which happens to mean it looks.
It really could be anything.
I think it's the stripes.
The stripes are making me feel like it's a PBR.
But I guess they're not all over the can.
Yes, the jacket is here and on me.
And I guess also on case.
Just as much on me, Jeff.
We'll let the people judge that.
All right.
Well, so he doesn't like Brett Hart.
That's one of the outrageous things he said.
I'll put the fans for gave Ben was so I can do whatever as a little more egregious than
saying Brett Hart hates everybody.
Well, that's because you're not a big enough Brett Hart fan case that you're not counting
those as equally outrageous moments.
All right.
Let's see what else.
Oh, it's viral RNC speech.
We can't get enough of it.
Let's learn even more about it.
You did go to the RNC and fired up those Republicans.
You ripped your shirt off.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, I had.
I don't want to freak him out too bad because they made me look at Logan's dainty little
drink.
Why isn't he drinking this real American beer?
That's what's outrageous here.
That he's not.
And maybe he doesn't drink.
I don't know.
There's no way there's no way he doesn't.
But maybe it's probably probably film this in the morning.
He just doesn't want to drink a beer at like 11 a.m.
That's pretty un-American of him going the back and rehearse.
And I've never rehearsed anything, you know.
Yeah.
And I mean, even the matches, I don't talk about.
I never talked about a match.
I heard this.
We'll get into all of that.
No, no, but the whole thing was was it?
I'm back and they got a plexiglass podium and there's like 20
Gibranis sitting there.
I don't even know who the hell they were.
And all of a sudden, the lady was really nice.
All the people were really nice.
And they had a teleprompter in front of me and one on each side.
You know, they said, we want to time this.
I'm like, how much time do I have?
It was kind of weird because when the stage
manager goes, he's out there for six.
Look, he's still the most electrifying man in sports entertainment.
That's a different guy.
Well, but I'm just saying this story is incredible.
It's got all the intrigue of tech rehearsal with all the
plot of tech rehearsal.
He is describing tech rehearsal.
I guess let's let him finish, though.
All right.
Menets, he hasn't read the teleprompter yet.
We can't believe they haven't jerk him off the stage.
I kind of pushed it, but, bro, I only gave it 50 percent.
I mean, now that I know I can get away with that crap.
If I go talking, I'm on my hammer, bro.
I'm on.
Because.
Well, I see what happened there.
He said that they were going to jerk him off on stage.
No, off the stage.
Let's run it back.
I'm pretty sure he said they're going to jerk him off on stage.
And that's maybe the most outrageous thing yet, case.
It is my fault for putting the story in, but I don't think it is the most
outrageous thing that's because you're a hater on outrage.
You hate outrage, case.
Let's hear him get jerked off on stage.
We want to time this.
I'm like, oh, how much time do I have?
It was kind of weird because when the stage
manager goes, he's out there for six minutes and he hasn't read the teleprompter yet.
We can't believe they haven't jerked him off the stage.
They're going to jerk him up on off the stage.
They're going to jerk off on the stage.
You're just hearing what you want to hear.
I don't want to hear this.
I'm trying to report the news here, case.
I don't want to hear any of this.
This just happens to be what's happening in the world today.
The on is implied.
There you go.
I'm hearing it because I'm actually reading between the lines.
We're not reading.
You're watching videos.
That's the new form of reading case.
Hulk Hogan tells Logan Paul his WWE future.
Who's the object and subject?
Well, let's just watch.
I've never seen anybody since I've been a wrestling fan since I was in the business
for years. I've never seen anybody pick up on it as quick as you have in your
stuff looks fucking believable.
There's no holes in your work.
So just don't get hurt.
I did like look in the mirror and many people looked up my my craft.
And I thought like, I think I could do this if I actually like to vote my time to it.
They're using acting language.
So I did have the conversation with Triple H.
I said, Hey, I want to be the guy.
What do I have to do to be the guy?
And I'm going to start making that run next year.
Good 2025.
You should not be any type of champion.
Except the world's champion at this point.
You need to make that quick transition.
And if they're smart and triple H's,
I'm getting Hogan advice.
I'm being champion.
That transition needs to be made this year.
Well, is that one outrageous?
No, I guess that's just Hogan gasping him up.
Hmm.
Well, if we're not careful, he's clipped.
So that's the last one.
What do you think?
Listen up, Jack, microphone and nine hundred just mama jam, five hundred
shiny, tasty coins.
And I've been dying to say this.
I'm Joe Biden, a key to the Crypt Keeper and Challenge
Hawke Hodge into a wrestling match.
I will power bomb this jab Ronnie off the top of a hell in a cell, though.
The announcers table.
I'll do it for unions for tomorrow.
What?
He got cut off there.
Your audio cut him up, but he said he's going to do it for democracy
and for America.
That's an official challenge from the president to.
The crypt.
Wait, no, he's a Hogi.
He's challenging Hogi.
Not not my favorite wrestler, Hogi.
Oh, is Hogi a different guy?
I think he's a different wrestler.
The great Hogi.
Oh, the great Hogi.
Yes, our favorite wrestler, the great Hogi.
Well, either way, microphone nine hundred.
Thank you so much for the 500 bits.
That was all of the outrageous clips.
That's every outrageous thing that he said on the impulsive podcast.
I think we got suckered into clicking on an ad again.
Well, the only thing that was advertised to me is I'm outraged.
And what do I do?
You'll just have to listen more and comment on the impulsive podcast.
Everyone's favorite podcast.
Well, you know, unsurprisingly, Hogan, not with the deepest
or most interesting of insights, even on his own life,
just sort of meandering through it, kind of stumbling into saying one, at least.
Kind of objectively awful thing about Chris Benoit.
And then just sort of lazily flapping his mouth about, you know, other subjects.
But I learned that, A, the RNC will jerk off celebrities on stage.
And B, Logan Paul's the greatest wrestler of all time.
And that's coming from the greatest wrestler of all time.
They can't both be.
No, that's what's so beautiful about these two powerful bucks,
meeting in the clearing of the great wood of combat.
And they they're rustle and they beat their horns against each other
and they get jerked off on stage.
And in the end, they settle on, you know, you and I were the same.
We're both blonde fucking weirdos.
And we need belts.
They did touch antlers. That's true.
The great antlers of their minds connected.
And I connected with all of you much like a rock connects with a pond,
creating ripples of which I am one, because that happens to be my last name.
We'll see you very soon. Bye bye, everybody.
But, Peter, how have you been? You doing OK?
I got a gold jacket now, too.
Well, so Munch really did get you a little gold jacket.
And no choice.
I was the one placing the order.
I jam my little paws into the into the board with buttons on it.
And the jackets arrived.
Oh, are you the reason the first jacket didn't show up?
Yes.
Oh, too shay.
Too shay to what?
Too shay or not to say.
I want to eat your shaving.
You know, no, what?
OK, well, the Beatles here.
This place, sir.
It's it also like it kind of makes me smaller
because it's like really tight in the shoulders,
which I needed, actually, I was too explosively shouldered for a twitch.
And now I finally am out in violation of terms of service with my
insanely broad shoulders.
OK, let's.
Talk to a candy person.
Let's get a pit. Let's get the hard pitch for Candyland, I guess.
Who's a candy?
Who's a candy and is willing to talk to me?
Hmm. OK, I'm being informed that we have a jelly bean on the line.
Jelly bean.
How are you doing?
What's the deal?
Oh, I'm a little jelly bean.
A little jelly bean.
OK.
And then, you know, come on down to Candyland this Sunday.
A lot of jelly bean.
And it's a role playing game.
It's a role playing game.
Yeah, it's a role playing game.
That's how it was originally intended for us to have a lot of lore.
And turn based combat.
I thought it was as you draw a card and you go to the colored space.
That's the human version of it.
Us real candy experts, we know the real rules.
And it's mostly dice rolling, a lot of stats, and deep lore.
Oh, OK.
Also, to me, human goo is candy.
Is that part of the lore?
No, that's just personal preference.
That's not part of the lore.
But to me, to you, my goo is candy.
But to me, human goo is candy.
I get what you're saying.
I am.
And it's candy.
You're propositioning me.
No, just anyone.
And I don't care what it is, it's whatever you kind of goo.
The acid tastes crazy.
Is it part of the lore or not?
No, this is my personal preference.
It's shared by some candies.
But here you're locked in to finding one that really likes human goo.
OK, well, you kind of fallen off pitching.
You ate the Sunday at 11 Pacific to be an Eastern.
You can see more of exactly this.
Well, there'll be more than just a talking jelly bean.
I mean, I think I'm kind of the main event, but you say so.
My whole sketch group will be there.
Mostly I'll be there.
And seven other people.
Am I in it?
I haven't put you in it.
You can probably be in it, but I didn't have a plan for you in it.
What? I'm not the most popular candy.
Jelly beans are not the most popular candy.
What's human goo, Athlete Sygrid? Great question.
It's just whatever comes up that's goo.
Sounds like one thing.
But it could be a number of things.
So, make your mind out of the gutter and put that gutter into my mouth.
Seven other people.
Yeah, my whole sketch group plus John Madison.
That seems like a lot.
It is a lot. I'm hoping my computer can handle it.
Seven video feeds.
Probably.
It probably can.
We'll do a little trouble.
I'm not sure what they show up early so I can do a little trouble shooting.
But yeah, I kind of assumed most of them wouldn't be able to do it.
Turns out my whole sketch group can do it.
And I'm still not involved.
You'll be fine. You'll be in there. There'll be a jelly bean.
Anyway, I made a bunch of assets for it.
It's part of the reason I haven't been able to stream this week.
Is using some of my free time to make candy land into an RPG.
So, if you want to see some...
Unnecessarily produced candy land content.
This Sunday is a great place to do it.
I thought I was the expert.
Sure. And the jelly bean will be there.
Does your group need a wolf member?
I just don't...
I'd say yes, but I think I'm already worried about seven video feeds.
And I am planning to have all of them on screen at the same time.
Anyway, if it doesn't work, I'll just reduce it to one of them is on screen at a time.
And then I think it should be fine.
But we'll see.
I can always have them turn off their cameras, I guess.
Does candy land have salted black licorice?
It has a whole licorice forest, it turns out.
Jive Sturkey.
Yeah, we got licorice if that's what you like.
Some people like licorice.
What's that face?
Okay, well, the jelly bean disagrees.
Great.
Well, you know, the person who is responsible for us having these jackets
is technically cannon-wise at least.
Ralph Munch cut.
But I guess give him a chance to gloat that he finally got his jacket thing
and send it to Munch and Crump.
This is what excellence looks like when it's evolved past excellence
to the excellence of executing jackets.
I look great, slightly diminished, unfortunately, by, you know,
for every upper you need a downer.
Well, I come equipped with a downer every fucking time I'm on the screen, unfortunately.
And the gelatin is good.
It's not actually a white jelly bean.
Believe it or not, it claims to be human.
It's Crump.
What the fuck? Don't...what?
Did you see me?
Did you, for a brief moment, recognize that we are all in the
in the brotherhood and sisterhood of humanity, and you saw yourself in me?
No, you just fucking looked like me for a second.
Well, you're telling on yourself, cause...
you want to be me.
I don't want to...you even have the same jacket as me.
I'm the one who picked these jackets out.
I think we look incredible.
Look at me when I'm talking to you.
You look at me when I'm talking to you.
Now, I get bored. I kind of just look off.
What are you looking at?
There's a B over there.
How'd you turn your head that quick?
Well, look, I mean, I think the jacket's terrible for the record.
An awful choice on your part.
It's thin. It's definitely going to fall apart.
It's collecting a smell already.
That's only you. My jacket still smells fine.
Well, I find that hard to believe. I have a very normal smell.
But it's collecting the worst aspects of my smell so quickly.
What does that even mean?
It's just...it's hoarding my sense.
But the poor ones...why do...
You shouldn't have bad smells emanating off of you.
Everybody has a mix of odors.
Malefluent odors reeking off of them in the positive odors.
This is just classic medieval science.
You're confusing odors and humors.
No, they also believed in odors.
I don't want to debate that with you.
Well, I don't...there's not up for debate.
My jacket is collecting a smell.
Oh! Yeah, what is malefluent?
It's one of the aspects of odor.
It's making a fucking...what is wrong with you?
I feel great. What are you looking at?
There's just a B over there.
I think you've suffered a mental break.
Yeah, I'm gonna mentally break your ash.
Smack him?
I just keep getting...he's got surprisingly litigious friends.
That he calls lawyers.
They're not my friends. They're lawyers.
And yes, if you strike me again,
I will become more powerful than you can imagine.
In the court of law.
Alright, if anybody has any debates they'd like us to see do,
do see jet ski.
Who's having a mental break now?
If you want to see us do a debate, put it in the chat.
We'll do it. That's how this works.
I'm not going into my Palpatine phase.
I'm not hiding anything.
My identity is Leonard Grumfuusius Grum.
There's no...I got no secret...
uh, shith-padawons or what's the word?
Shith...
Shith...I'm not grooming any siths.
No, that's...don't put it that way.
Well, just know what they do. They groom young siths to be siths.
They see a young...they see a young Jedi thing and they're like,
I'm gonna groom that.
That is not...no, that is not how the Star Wars canon works.
Is JD Vance human? Oh, come on. We all know that...
Okay, I'll admit it. I don't know. He's probably not.
What? No, we...
That's...I want to take that shot. Well, yeah, but I mean, I'll admit.
We don't always need to vote for a human.
He's...but I...
What are the rules here, Crumb?
Whoever's as the thing first gets to defend that.
Well, okay.
If I break it down logically, yes, he is.
He's inhuman in his behavior.
And I would say some of his looks.
He doesn't seem to understand humanity.
But he is, unfortunately, as many of the worst among us are.
We are all but human. And he's not, though.
He's like fucking...
I don't know what he is.
Maybe he's like...you take all the flavor out of a jelly bean,
and then you crack it, and then you get all the jelly bean paste.
Stacked up into a person, and then you just take...
You take, like, an eyedropper from, um...
Like, the Koch brothers.
And you just...
You squirt some of that Koch brother goo on them.
He's the other guy? He's the other guy his, uh...
The other billionaire, conservative, libertarian...
He's in his...in his...money daddy.
Yeah, his money daddy is the other...the guy who doesn't want to be...
A teal.
The color teal. Peter teal.
Oh, sorry, his name isn't the color teal. It's Peter teal.
Yeah, the one who doesn't want people to call him gay.
Oh, yes, that is very much his thing.
And it's really risky to point out that he has been suspected of being...gay.
Uh, yes, he's shooed multiple people for...for saying that he's gay,
which we're not saying that he is.
Because I mean, why would...it's not even...
To us, it's not a pejorative thing, so...
You know, we wouldn't even need to bring up him being gay.
The gays don't want him.
So it's really kind of a win-win, I guess, for every...
Well, I mean, some people lost some serious money.
They technically destroyed entire media organizations over...
Just being out as a game.
Well, whatever, we don't really need...
We're supposed to debate whether or not JD Vance is human, what he's not.
He's become something more, and I will defend that side.
You can have your other fucking side.
Well, look, I'll admit that at the end of the day, he probably is a human.
I don't know if we have a mod that can mind making that poll.
I can also...what the...
I just ran an ad break.
Oh my God, you're lucky so many of this...
So much of this viewer base is...
I wonder who just got an ad.
I've never...we've never actually run an ad.
This motherfucker...
Click on the run an ad break, instead of the create a poll.
I just...I didn't even know that I could do that.
I'll make a poll during the ad break.
I'm so sorry to everyone.
I'm pro ads actually.
Well, but I'm anti ads, but you're the one who create...
You're the one who click...what are you looking at?
There was the...
Don't say...
I saw the bee.
But the bee's behind me.
No, the bee's over there.
What is...
Can you just make the poll?
I was trying.
Is JD Vance...
Human?
Nah.
And...
Yeah.
And I...you know, I might not be a fan of him,
but I can at least recognize our mutual humanity.
Unfortunately, there's various humans that are...
Unlikeable, monstrous.
We are all capable of multitudes of evil.
And unfortunately, some of those multitudes occasionally collect
into one round face mascara wearing...
Libertarian Project 2025 touting weirdo
that can't even order donuts without seeming like an alien.
It might not seem like a human, but unfortunately that is.
It can happen to the best of us, and it often happens to the worst of us.
As represented by JD Vance, a human will be in a terrible one.
And I'll admit that he's not human.
He's more than human.
He has become an idea of a thing.
And sometimes that's what you need.
You want to be led by humans, or you want to be read led by strange alien principles.
The kind of things that, you know, monkeys would screech at and worship in a sci-fi fantasy.
He's a totem for a potential future where men can be men again.
The forces can be run by men again.
White nationalists can...
That's not what he's saying.
What? What are you bringing up? Look.
What I'm saying is he stands for principles, and white nationalism is not what he's saying.
Why are you bringing him up?
Well look, my point is he's not human.
So if he says anything that you disagree with, just know that's just his lack of humanity.
And actually humanity is a weakness.
Well I'll admit, you just admit that humans are weak, and we do all sorts of bad stuff.
Well we want something that's not even recognizable as human.
It's just a collection of ideas that don't even come from itself.
It's just a bunch of talking points wedged into an incredibly unappealing box that happens to be named JD Vance.
And if we had to hear those same talking points coming out of a human, yeah that'd be upsetting.
But don't worry, it's just coming out of a weird, coldest box with a bad beard.
And the people understand what I'm saying, and what he was saying wasn't white nationalism actually, he meant something else.
Why do you keep bringing it up? Well I'm bringing up is that I actually just happened to win.
Whoa!
See this is what you liberals don't get, is we conservatives can admit when we're lizard people.
No they accuse other people of being lizard people.
Yeah, because they won't admit it.
At least we'll admit that he's a lizard person, and we're saying give the lizard guy a chance.
He's got some interesting lizard ideas coming out of his lizard brain.
And the lizard brains of the people that control his mouth.
You're admitting that his mouth is controlled by lizard people.
I'll admit it, I'll admit it.
Sometimes when you got it, admit it.
Lizards are in control of JD Vance's mouth.
And they say I'm crazy.
I'll say I'm a winner.
And we're actually in this fake new score, which is becoming realer every day.
We're finally tied, meaning I'm winning.
Part of the first person to retie is actually the winner.
If anything, you need to give me another point because I managed to accomplish the retie.
Peter Teal is a lizard person?
Well again, unfortunately they are all actually in a literal sense, human beings.
Why are your fireworks still playing?
Because there's still a celebration in all of our hearts.
Look at him, he's looking for the fireworks over there.
He's so confused by the noise.
Why are you getting so many planes?
People love the Munch Jets.
Yeah, but a nice practical crumb passenger plane, I would say, is a far superior way
to spend those harder and channel points.
You know, the jacket might be a cheap piece of shit, purchased by a complete idiot.
But I am looking a little fresh in it now that I see myself.
We got a monitor here, and I'm just seeing that I actually look a little fresh in this jacket.
I might have to do a little poppin lockin.
Wow, it's gold, it's a fun look for me.
You're not, see this crazy thing is here.
Pot calling the kettle, fuckin spaceship.
You are not human.
Yes, someone call the police please.
I can't help it if I'm just, sometimes you catch a little look at yourself.
And you'll likely see.
Did you make squelching noises for your eyebrows?
No, they just make that noise when I rub goo on them, by human goo.
Now my eyebrows are nice and lubed up.
Okay, that's all the time we have.
That's definitely all the fuckin time we have for today.
Can you, can you turn off, can we turn off my fuckin fireworks please?
Too many fireworks.
No, he's trying to leave. I need to escape.
How do you manage to make winning feel like a loss?
Just spiritually.
It's just being next to you is a loss.
But you know, us winners, we fight through it no matter what.
Thanks to each and every one of you for standing in the winner's circles today.
Arug of the wolves in chat.
And we had our fuckin dinner tonight.
The pack will be hunting again soon.
We'll see you that, we'll see you real soon.
Bye bye.
Yeah, now my eyebrows feel wet.
The idea of crumb smell is permeating my eyebrows.
That's what, that's what watching, watching him does to me.
I do need to shorten those credits or speed them up, but I haven't done it yet.
And on my long list of to-dos, it's yet another thing I haven't done.
But we can do a little more news.
Let's see what else is on the docket.
I'm sure other stuff has happened this week, non-hogan related, so let's give it a shot.
It's time for even more news.
Dude, this is crazy.
I can't believe we took a whole month off.
We actually took a week off.
Well, you know, same idea.
You've been gone for a month?
Yeah.
Good to see everybody.
You're by Tyler.
And, you know, I always feel golden, but standing like I left golden.
Yes, we're all got new gold jackets.
Yeah, it's fun, dude.
You gotta celebrate the little things.
And I'm just wearing a little jacket.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, I look good.
Everybody's saying they love the way that we look, and he's got a jacket.
What they like.
And I like on, yeah, very up and my fashion gown.
Are you okay?
You feel sinister today?
I'm not ashamed to be a sister or a brother, dude.
Because honestly, at the end of the day, we're all family.
Not what I said, but I guess let's talk about something else.
How do you feel about music ownership rights, Tyler?
Do you believe in the power of copyright to protect music?
Um, oh, shit, I can't move.
It won't zoom me back.
Go away, camera.
Camera.
Go back.
It won't do it, case.
Papito, can you fix this?
I zoomed in so people could see my face better, and now I can't move back.
Oh, no, it's so stuck.
There we go.
Okay, okay, okay.
Papito, you're doing great work here.
Papito, keep it up.
Good job, Papito.
Great job.
Is this too close?
Yes.
Ah, shit, okay.
Wait, I have another idea.
Well, that's helpful, Tyler.
Maybe just don't zoom in on your face for no reason.
Nothing camera's just back on me.
Yeah, but I'm right here.
And now we both look great.
All right, well, um, let's talk about this.
Let's talk about some AI news.
Oh, sack. Everybody's fibrous.
Stop talking.
AI.
All right.
FBI.
Oh, shit, that's hard to read.
FDI boss musicians elaborate AI powered 10 million streaming royalty heist.
What?
That sounds like exciting.
Is the story exciting?
Well, they included the word heist, but that might be deceptively more exciting than the story is.
Well, I'll make an edge on that.
On Wednesday, federal prosecutors charged a North Carolina musician with defrauding streaming services of $10 million during an elaborate scheme involving AI.
As reported by the New York Times, Michael Smith 52 allegedly used AI to create hundreds of thousands of fake songs by non-existent man's then streamed them using bots to collect royal taste from platforms like Spotify,
Bop on the Ozark, and All in the Ozark.
Wow, can you do that?
I don't know. It's kind of fucked up to use AI to make songs.
Yeah, it has to be a real fucking asshole to do that.
While the AI generated element of this story is novel, Smith allegedly broke the law by setting up an elaborate fake listener scheme.
The US attorney for the Southern District Court of New York Damien Williams announced charges, which include wire fraud and money laundering as bearers' aids.
Ethcon Mectad, Smith confessed up to 20 hours in prison for each charge.
Every song you make?
Way.
You know, we might have to be careful.
But my theme was an original sung by me, and I credited the writer as a robot.
Yeah, I guess my defense for using the chat GBD to write lyrics is that the lyrics are very bad, and the songs are too, so I don't really feel guilty.
But this sounds at least a little different, Tyler.
Yeah, but real people less into it.
So at the end of the day, isn't it really just about sharing art with each other and loving art with each other?
Well, I think he might have done more than even just make AI songs.
He might have been up to just even a little bit more than that.
What else can he have possibly done?
Also, wait a second.
I feel too quiet tonight.
Turn me off.
Oh my God, that's better.
Yeah, no, I'm not really loud.
Is that better if I'm really loud?
What's going on with you Tyler?
I care about tech today.
Smith's game, which prosecutors say ran for seven years, involved creating thousands of fake streaming accounts using purchased email addresses.
He developed software to play his AI-generated music on repeat from various computers mimicking the individual listeners from different locations in an industry where success is measured by digital lessons.
Smith's Fabricated Catalog reportedly managed to rack up billions of streams?
Whoa.
Wait, does Spotify literally just pay out any song that receives, like, click-through listens?
I don't know, guys.
Oh, yeah, I guess why am I asking you?
How much do artists get per lesson?
I'll use my Invas Tagana reporting.
How much do artists get per lesson on Spotify?
We're in Vasta Guiding Chat.
This is exciting.
Shoot, but the answer is coming from an AI.
Yeah, unfortunately, Google has become a little less trustworthy for some reason.
How much money do artists make on Spotify?
Artists make an estimated 0.003 cents to 0.005 cents.
And every 0 represents less of a dollar.
That's how that works, correct?
Yeah, they're getting 1,000, wait, yeah, 1,000, 1,000 of a cent of five.
They're getting what it says, 0.05 cents.
You don't know how decimals work either, and you're judging me.
This is coming from Printify, though, which I think mostly what they do is
they print ads all over a screen, so I don't know how trustworthy that is.
Love the Hate says 0.0001.
You got no announcement live in Sleazy.
Oh, for the stream going live.
Well, hey, we appreciate you being here at any time.
Although my, I have no idea how Twitch alerts work, unfortunately.
Seems like you should know that.
Yeah, but there's a lot of things I should know that I don't.
And since I don't really still quite know how much they pay you per stream.
Do you have the pants?
Pants will have to be a reveal for a different day.
Are you going to make a pants, Saabgol?
I will say this, the pants are a little tight.
Not on me.
To me, they feel the luminous.
To me, they feel a little tight and also a little revealing.
The material is very thin and the pants are very tight.
I am constructing a visual image of that.
No need, Shad.
Sorry, Tyler.
I'm not.
I'm not?
No, you're Tyler.
Oh, okay.
Well, anyway, so he's making millions?
Well, supposedly he got $10 million out of this steam.
Stand up.
I will admit, I'm not wearing the pants currently.
What, dude?
There's people here.
I'm wearing some pants.
To avoid detection, Smith spread his streaming activity across numerous fake songs,
never playing a single track too many times.
He also generated unique names for the eye-credited artists and songs,
trying to blend in the quirky names of legitimate men's galax.
Smith used artists' names like Callus Post and Calary Screams.
What, Calary Screams?
Calary Screams is not bad.
Well, sometimes AI finds a hit.
It's not a humble brag, love the hate.
It's not appealing.
What do you mean?
I feel like I look great in these golden pants.
Well, only you like the golden pants, Tyler.
I like what I like.
Wait, can we find some of these?
Can we find some tracks by Calary Screams?
I can give it a shot.
Calary Screams, Spotify.
Hmm.
I can't.
Maybe they'll link to some of these tracks later in.
I'm not finding anything when I Google Calary Screams on Spotify,
but there is a whole page called Man Screaming.
Oh, can we listen to Man Screaming?
I can guess what it is, Tyler.
They did probably take it down.
How are we ever going to...
Maybe we can find examples.
What was his name again?
Michael Smith?
Oh, no!
The most generic name?
Only one away from John Smith and generic name creation?
Maybe he's an AI.
I don't know how we'll ever find music.
Michael Smith, AI music.
Example?
Can we find an example of this?
I'm guessing it's just extremely...
I mean, technically, if you're just faking a bunch of views,
you could have uploaded anything.
You could have just uploaded, like, MP3s of babies crying.
Why'd your brain go to that?
I don't know, because it'd be annoying
and no one would want to listen to it,
but if you gave it billions of views, wouldn't it be the same?
Why even make the AI music?
To cover his tracks?
Because then everyone's like, well, it's real music,
but it's not.
It's computer music.
Computer music is real music.
Then why are we not at them for?
I'm so confused.
I can't find the music.
I also can't find the music.
If anyone in chat knows where some of these hot AI tracks are,
I'd love to hear an example,
but for now, let's just, I guess, attempt to read.
Maybe it's Robot Rock.
That's a great point, Jive Sturkey.
On Wednesday, federal prosecutors charged North Carolina musician with...
Oh, wait, that's the start-up. We already read that.
And the scheme was lucrative.
In a 2017 email to himself,
oh, no, he's only emailing himself.
He needs some friends to do crimes with.
Anyway, Smith calculated that he could stream his songs
661,000 times plus per day,
potentially earning $3,307 per day
and up to $1.2 million annually.
By June, Smith was earning about 110,000 monthly,
sharing a portion with his co-conspirators.
Oh, so he did have friends.
And sometimes the co-conspirators are just the friends we made along this game.
I'm gonna put that on a t-shirt. That's good.
It's not that good.
Yeah, that's how I mean.
I gotta warn you, that's not that good, Tyler.
But imagine on a t-shirt. I am.
Imagine incriminating yourself by emailing yourself.
Wait, can anyone see the things I email myself?
What are you emailing yourself?
Lyrics, dude, to songs that could be huge hits.
I mean, I don't like music,
but sometimes I just feel like I have a gift for it.
You're fine. Oh, thank God.
When confronted by a music distribution company
about multiple reports of streaming abuse in 2019,
the New York Times said that Smith acted
shocked and strongly denied any wrongdoing,
insisting there was absolutely no fraud going on whatsoever.
And yet they still caught him somehow.
Livens, Leasy, found on.
Animates by Callis-Posts.
Let's check it out.
Wait, let me try putting this into a different web browser.
Because it's not playing anything for some reason.
Play Callis-Posts. I want to hear what's...
I want to hear this band music.
Oh, here we go.
The fucking rocks at rocks, you know.
Callis-Posts, Animates.
I'm using the hardest time,
but I'm making it less AI, unfortunately.
I'm disrespecting the original vision.
Ooh, Livens Suzy has even more.
I feel like he could have just like
downloaded copyright free music
and just like pitch shifted it.
Saved himself some time.
Although I guess AI can just keep cranking these things out
infinitely.
Feels like this is a really like low-hanging fruit
as far as schemes go.
How are more people not doing this?
Being just upload whatever and if it gets a click,
it gets you money?
It sounds like you've got to get kind of like a
small-scale industrial...
Oh, Olin, unfortunately by Callis-Posts,
is blocked in my region.
I've been sleazy.
If only I was in Singapore,
I could listen to it.
The track kind of reminds Electro 3000 and Sex,
30,000 and Sex,
the musical stylings of Jason and his brother
from Tim and Eric.
High praise.
In a different context, high praise.
Probably not in the,
I've made 8 million AI tracks.
And I'm just uploading them
to a bot farm for views.
Well, I've got off the phone.
I'm using the dial-up.
That sort of sounded like dial-up internet.
It was a, I would say it's a little bit better
than the dial-up modem noise.
But in a similar genre,
search TikTok, Callis-Post,
and view the sounds tab.
Okay.
I can do that.
I get it.
I get it.
Search
TikTok.
And search for Callis-Posts.
I'll do it.
Callis-Posts.
What a name.
This is not his music.
This is an annoying TikTok that Auto played.
Mmm.
Oh, I found one.
I found one.
I found one.
Popping in to talk about this thickening
of the heel, which can happen,
because we walk around a lot.
Myself included, this happens to me.
And you can get these fissures,
which are really painful.
This little crack in the skin,
because that skin has gotten so thickened.
Look for cream with uric acid in it,
because that is a very strong acid
that's gonna help to really...
I don't know.
I didn't feel the musicality of that one.
I would just really think about what happened there.
And I think you'll find the answer you're looking for.
Yeah, man, technology's crazy nowadays.
Let me try one more time.
Why is there no music tab for me?
Why am I being denied?
Callis-Posts, why?
Yeah, for some reason I only have
pop users' videos and live.
Maybe because I'm not on the app.
I'm on the sounds tab.
Maybe I'm just actually too dumb.
Maybe I've been the problem all along, Tyler.
I believe it.
So I will admit,
if these are the tabs, there isn't a sounds one.
And on the side, there seems to be no sounds tab as well.
Yeah, you need to get an android,
the friends of the robots,
that allow you to listen to their music.
Well, I think we get the idea it's
fairly generic sounding AI-generated music.
What if it turns out Kanye?
It's Kanye,
aka Callis-Posts.
Ooh, it's off the album Pogodasoft.
He's got great names.
Pogodasoft by Callis-Posts with his hit song,
Olin.
That just sounds like an Abiza playlist to me.
Well, you know, Abiza,
the center of music.
Anyway, what if it turns out it's Kanye
and he needs the royalties?
Yeah.
Well, Kanye,
for a while, was making so much money.
It seems like he could never go broke.
But maybe spending 20 grand every day on nitrous
could make anyone go broke?
Well, what if every time you do nitrous,
you have 20,000 bots listen to your songs?
Then you just made all that nitrous money, bach.
And I am making money off of nitrous.
I think the only one making money off of nitrous
is his celebrity dentist,
but that's a different story.
Ooh, another one.
Okay, let's round it out with one more classic post.
Sorry, Callis-Post, a classic Callis-Post.
Maybe this one will play for us.
Ooh, it's Olin, the one we couldn't play before.
Oh, shit.
This one's kind of going, yeah.
This is my new one I've done.
I thought they called that scared koala.
It is painful to listen to,
but isn't all great art bad?
Um...
Ideally, no.
Yeah, but truly great art.
You see it and you're like,
I don't want to watch this.
That's not how it's supposed to work.
Yeah, but every time someone says there's this really important thing to watch
or understand, I'm like,
ugh, and that's what makes it great.
All right, let's give them one more chance.
Best out of three.
And after this, we really probably shouldn't keep supporting Callis-Post
with these TikTok clicks.
Who knows how he's monetizing all of these TikTok songs?
He might have got caught on Spotify,
but there's still so many other social media platforms for him to give a shot.
Give himself a shot on.
And give all of his bots something to listen to.
Those poor robots, their ears are so bored.
This is gunline!
Maybe you just need better visuals.
Here, this will help.
I made a music video for it.
Now you understand.
Now you have more context to appreciate the music.
I feel like this actually is making a powerful statement.
Sometimes music really brings things to another level.
That's beautiful.
It's really horrendous.
To watch and to listen to.
You just combine two crappy things.
Art, man. That's how art is.
But that's actually more pop art.
Popular art is more when you combine two crappy things.
And great art is when you make a thing that kind of sucks to watch.
So he's doing both.
And that's really impressive.
Well, thanks for your analysis, Tyler.
You ripped off your Mario Paint song?
Maybe that's where he made it.
Maybe he made an AI that can make Mario Paint tracks.
Well, let's not profane Mario Paint tracks.
Because some people are actually masters of that particular art form.
For instance, check this guy out.
You think I'm going to be easily impressed, guys?
By Mario Paint?
I can't even hear it.
Okay, I take it back.
I can't deny it when I hear a banger.
So Callus Puss has a little bit of growing to do as an artist.
But, I mean, don't we all, in assance?
I'm asking you.
Oh.
Oh, my gosh.
The lights are going crazy.
All right, well, I'm going to go take another month off of work.
Oh, all right.
I got stuff to do.
I'm going to get out of here.
But, in case it'll be her, he'll keep doing the news or whatever.
But just now that I love all of you, it's been incredible to see all of you.
And even if I don't say for a long time.
I've heard great times.
Oh, I burped.
Anyway, that's all the time we have.
We'll see you all very soon. Bye-bye.
Oh, I hit the wrong button.
Bye-bye.
Oh, I hit the wrong button again.
Tyler, get it together.
Okay, I got it this time.
Bye-bye.
Nice.
Bye-bye, Tyler.
Man, can you imagine if you made $10 million?
If you're schemed to use AI to make yourself millions of dollars
by just uploading the worst songs ever, paid off that hard?
You can't be the only one doing that.
If you could make a server farm just to click on tracks.
I mean, what's to stop you from doing that just with actual music?
I feel like the thing that fucking, well, maybe they can just track
if it's coming from a bunch of fake sources.
The story wasn't super clear.
But, you could just do that with real music, too.
And if it's real music, then maybe people will get confused
and think that you're actually popular.
Yeah, that's what I did.
What?
My song went to number one.
My song, Ode.
Okay, I don't think you did that.
Well, I can't remember.
I can't remember what I just said, so I can either confirm
or deny any allegations.
Maybe don't get greedy and only do a few hundred dollars a day.
Yeah, maybe if you just made like a hundred grand a year
off of your completely fake music.
Although I guess you have to factor in the cost
of running like seven computers at the same time.
I'm not doing that right now.
And it only costs you give me every food that you have immediately.
We only have one computer.
But the offer still stands.
I'll feed you later, Papito.
New Subgoal released the Papito Track Food Now?
Oh, you hit your Subgoal.
You gotta go get Puffy Bear.
And then people have requested a new Subgoal
to make my track Food Now, put it on Spotify,
and scam its way to number one.
We can make Food Now the goal,
but we should probably skip the illegal scam part.
I don't think I can afford to make and lose ten million dollars.
Well, that'll be ten million dollars more than you do have
for at least a little while.
That's a good way to think about it.
Papito might be convincing me to start my own server farm.
I do wonder how common of a scam that is.
I guess if you're Spotify, all of your incentives
are to really combat that kind of thing,
because your entire payout model is based on human clicks,
but if you could fake it.
And apparently it can at least temporarily be lucrative
before you go to jail.
Let's update this Subgoal to Food Now by Papito.
I'll say 15s.
Is all of that particular?
Challenge requires.
All right, sick.
New Subgoal, Papito.
Yes, it all begins my music career.
Secondly, you've already made songs such as
Singing About Cheese.
I did do that.
And another song, are you singing about cheese?
That sounds like me.
You could be a VTuber music artist.
I could be the best VTuber.
V for V...
Vd me.
Vd me, Tuber.
I'm very food motivated, Kayce.
I understand.
Okay, let's see.
Let's do...
something else.
Let's do a different thing.
We haven't gone to the movies because we haven't done anything this week, so...
Let's send it down to the movies.
See what trends...
Let's see what kind of trailers Trent's missed.
Probably a bunch.
Here he is.
I look fucking sick.
I look sick as shit.
I can't say I'm as enthusiastic about the new look,
but everybody else that sees themselves on this stream seems to be in love with their own jacket.
Don't be a hater, man.
I can't help it if I look fucking fresh.
Well, you know,
we're doing our best.
I'll put it that way.
You know, if you...
get out of here.
If you want to be the very best that no one ever was,
buy your own damn jacket, dude.
I don't know. I mean, I'm just a parole officer.
I'm surprised that Munch even got me a jacket.
Technically, I'm not employed by this,
but I do get my own camera and my own mic,
so I will talk into it for as long as I have one.
Dude, why did...
Can't Case just take Case?
Can you just take Chris' microwave? Is that an option?
I mean, he could, but I don't think he cares enough to.
I think he got confused and he thinks I work here.
Well, you are here, dude.
Yeah.
Well, shit. All right.
I can't deny that he is here.
And that he is my parole officer.
Let's see what else...
Let's see what trailers I missed.
Little Brother
Night Sleeper
Wow, there's a lot of good ones.
Let's see what the most recent trailers are.
Oh, a Minecraft trailer?
Volat... Volatron Mobile
Wait a minute.
Is the Minecraft trailer... Is that a real thing?
Are they really making a Minecraft movie?
Doesn't that look like a fan trailer?
This looks like a real-ass
Minecraft movie.
I think I heard about this, so
I'm a little surprised.
Does that movie...
Does that game have a plot?
It's called Thank You So Much for the 19 Months.
This is my whole world view is kind of being shook
because I didn't realize there was a story in Minecraft.
But I think there's like a dragon or something
and maybe it's the most beautiful story ever told.
Please check out the Frankie Freco trailer.
Okay, we'll do that after this Minecraft trailer
because I'm intrigued.
I've always wondered what is the story of these box guys?
Why do they like...
Why do they like chiseling so much?
Maybe they'll answer my questions.
What the hell?
Dream about here you can make.
Who are you?
I am Steve.
Okay.
This guy is such a toolbag.
I don't know. I guess...
I guess it looks pretty good.
What? I guess it looks pretty good.
I mean, shit.
I guess I like it.
You don't have to just like it.
Yeah, but I guess I mean it's there.
I do know what Minecraft is.
I guess I like it.
You deny the existence of this film?
Nah, man, it's real.
We can't hide from this and we like it.
I just don't understand why you're giving up like this.
You could dislike it.
No, not an option. I like it.
I can't wait for it and I'll see it.
No, there's just...
This is how they get you. I don't understand.
I know what Minecraft is
and I'll see it.
Alright, fine.
I guess I feel like it's a little pathetic
when someone takes a simple thing for children
and they add a bunch of stuff to it.
Their own stuff.
They just add it to this really simple thing for kids.
That's just a couple of colors.
Candy colors.
And they add all this stuff to it
for no reason.
Try to make it something it's not.
I think that kind of shit's pathetic.
That's a little harsh.
I feel like you're being a little harsh right now.
I think you're being a little harsh.
Let's see what else there is.
I mean, there's no limit to the number of trailers that exist.
They're infinite.
And there's infinite things to make, such as the
Minecraft movie or the Mario Paint movie.
Why not? I'm sure that'll probably
eventually be a thing.
Don't say stuff like that. It will happen.
Why not? Mario Paint movie.
The Bud of Flosswater.
And the Flosswater
is stopping
the
bad music notes from...
This is actually not sounding at all trackable, so this probably won't happen.
The Flosswater is stopping the bad music notes.
The movie.
That doesn't make any sense.
That's what's happening someday.
What was the other one? Freddy Freaker?
Reaky Freaky?
Shit, what was it?
They requested it. Fuck, I forgot instantly.
I instantly forgot the request.
Reaky Freaky?
Reaky Ticky Tabby?
Rainbow Road the movie.
That sounds good. Frankie Freak-o.
Freak-oi.
Frankie Freak-o. Okay, there we go.
Not Reaky Ticky Tabby. That's fair.
Oh, but that could be a movie too, because that's a phrase people know.
Oh, but that could be a movie too, because that's a phrase people know.
Somebody's making a movie. It's about a guy named Ricky...
a guy named Ticky and a guy named Tabby.
Ricky Ticky Tabby.
Stop... just please stop
staying this stuff out loud.
We don't need to wheel these things into existence.
Let's just watch the Frankie Freak-o trailer
and maybe actually enjoy ourselves.
Here we go.
Freak-o guy finger.
Connor had it all.
The perfect job.
Man.
The perfect girl.
You look like a movie star. Which one?
Gary Busey.
The perfect life.
You know anything about this Frankie Freak-o guy?
He's like a little gremlin that likes to party.
You shouldn't call numbers like that.
It's a Freddy Freaker movie. Oh shit.
Until one day...
things got
Freak-o.
This is Frankie.
Ready for what?
To party, my man.
Yes! I'm ready to party!
The air is clean.
Oh my god.
We're here to help you loosen up.
We're going to party hard and then we'll be on our way.
Time to get Freak-o!
Shall we do it?
Listen, you little freaks.
I'm going to make you pay.
Is everything alright? You sound stressed.
Pick it up!
Freaking it! What's going on?
What's going on?
Stay down just...
You can escape me.
Where are we?
The more games, Frankie.
No one runs from me. You're mine!
Don't be a hero.
This is bad.
I believe in you.
Let's boogie!
Be a Freak-o.
He's got a little...
Freak-o.
Frankie Freak-o.
Much needs a new concubine.
He's a keeper.
President Much.
Does the case have a stroke and he made a movie?
In his sleep?
No, I don't think it would turn out like that if he made one.
It would probably be worse, honestly.
I don't know. It's just a lot of things from his head canon just existing.
Outside of it.
Well, his head canon is pulled from a similar past issue of weird 90s and early 2000s.
Muck.
We were all immersed in it if you're of his age group.
Oh yeah. Shit.
Rennerton really went downhill.
Well, look, I mean, fuck.
I'm sold.
If you put enough things I recognize, for instance, Minecraft in a movie, I have to watch it.
Well, unlike with a Minecraft movie, this looks a little more appealing to me.
Maybe a little more unique, a little more personal.
And it is based off, I will admit it, it's partially because it's Freddy Freaker the movie.
Although I would prefer it if he was less, if he looked less like the Power Rangers bullies
and more like a weird yellow pizza monster.
Freddy Freaker is not a pizza monster.
He's kind of a pizza monster.
The little yellow pizza monster.
No, you're just getting confused because the Ninja Turtles pizza monsters were yellow.
Wait, you shouldn't know that. You're supposed to be young.
There's been pizza monsters in more recent Ninja Turtles properties.
Have there?
Shut up, dude. You look stupid. You're wearing a gold jacket.
You are also wearing a gold jacket.
You look fucking dumb, dude. You're too old for this.
If anything, I think the beard offsets the golden way that your face does not.
All right, look.
Chris is being a fucking butt unsurprisingly.
A butt headed fact.
So let me check one thing.
Okay, there we go.
Chris looks like a pepperoni pizza monster with a gold, with the golden red.
I can't help it if I'm in sort of like award show pizza hut colors.
You could help it.
You could wear a different color.
Actually, no, you're not allowed.
See, I have to wear that. I tried a different hat and people didn't like it.
And different glasses.
So I have to be in these strange pizza hut colors.
You know, I someone say this gold really does not do wonders for our skin tone.
Some might say that.
And to them I say, okay, well, you know, I happen to look great, but I'm just saying maybe you could go back to the classic blue.
Maybe all of us would look better in the classic blue, but that's not the world we live in.
Is it? No.
Okay, let's do one more trailer.
Ryan's World, I think that's for children.
The Candyland trailer.
That's we did already watch that.
But look, it's on YouTube. That makes it real.
Go back a decent bit and find the trailer for Mom and Dad Save the World that I put up.
I think we do need a Metro trailer.
Mom, I'll just look it up.
Mom and Dad Save the World.
That way I don't even have to search anywhere but in YouTube.
Mom and Dad Save the World. Yeah.
Wait, that's the full movie.
I can also click on a link to watch the full movie, but while I watch that one, I can watch the two-minute and 48-second version of it.
Here we go.
Woodland Hill, Suburbia.
Home of Marge and Dick Nelson.
Don't drink in the cart.
Nothing unusual ever happens to them.
Bye.
This weekend they're taking a little bit of a trip.
Soon, Marge Nelson, you will be mine.
Activate the Magnifying.
Now they're on their way.
A scoot over a little.
I want a human pattern.
Wait, not to, sorry to interrupt.
Are they just playing the Pee Wee Herman music?
Or was that never the Pee Wee Herman music?
Was it secretly Mom and Dad Save the World music?
To the smallest, weirdest planet in the galaxy.
Fingal.
They're here.
Where girls are fish.
What are these, you pets?
Oh, I see. It's your family.
Boys are dogs.
Ow, get your paws off of me. Who's your supervisor?
And everyone else is just playing stiffy.
Imprat?
Who would have thought that Marge and Dick...
Marry me, Marge, and become the Queen of Spengal...
Would save the world.
I'm not here. Let me out of here.
Ah, ha!
I have information vital to the future of your planet and I.
Take the information and escape.
Punish him!
Oh my God.
There's so much fun.
And I like it.
Finally, a motion picture that asks the angel of question.
Is there intelligent life in the universe?
You're welcome.
The answer...
Is no.
Oh, shit. The answer to failure.
Jeffrey Jones, John Lovitz, Kathy Ireland, and Eric Gottlieb.
Kathy Ireland!
Mom and Dad Saved the World.
You're a cute little fella.
Directed by Greg Beeman.
Mom and Dad Saved the World.
The film which opened nationwide on over 1,000 screens.
The film that Daily News said had broader laughs than Bill and Ted.
And called it funny family fair like Honey I Blew Up the Kid.
Who's this for?
A gem said K-A-B-C-T-V.
A cross between Saturday Night Live, Little Shop of Horrors, and the Keystone Copts.
Fun, daffy, charming.
John Lovitz gives one of the zaniest performances ever recorded on film.
Said the Baltimore Sun.
Wonderful, dazzling, enchanting family entertainment.
Said the Academy of Family Films.
Mom and Dad Saved the World.
Now being released on home video with special world packaging.
And with each three-pack you order, get 100 Mom and Dad Saved the World Recycled Plastic Bags.
To give out to your best rental customers.
Oh my God, is the offer still good?
Save the World.
Damn it.
Do you think that offer's expired?
Can I still get the 100 free plastic bags?
Sorry, John Bluh, but I do think there might be a Statue of Limitations on the offer for the best.
The offer for the free 100 plastic bags with rental.
Damn it.
I kind of, I didn't realize home video trailers got their own like special section.
That's kind of baller.
They're like, you just saw a whole trailer, but what if we let you know kind of how it went after it came out in theaters?
We can't really do that anymore because shit comes out on streaming.
They only have like 24 hours to cut together the audience reaction to your movie before it's on HBO Max.
Sorry.
The Bags.
Just Max.
I thought it was Hebax because they combine them.
No, it's just, come on, this is having too long.
We gotta just accept that it's Max.
Damn, I've been calling it Hebax for years.
Okay, well look, that's a classic.
Sometimes, you know, if you're wondering what to watch, just watch something old, some of the old stuff.
Hobo Max.
Oh, I like that name.
This is Fandago, your movie will start at 11, 12, 5, 6 p.m.
They should add limits to when you can stream stuff to restore kind of a conventional,
where I'm watching this movie together kind of vibe.
Well, that's kind of next level if like stuff was only available to watch between like 6 and 7,
and then maybe there's something else available to watch between 7 and 8.
And maybe you could like put it all in the guide somewhere,
and maybe you run like multiple versions of that, so you could like click on a different thing to watch.
Like there'd be, and you could call it like the movie thing to click on,
or like the news thing to click on, but it only happened between certain hours.
That'd be crazy.
That would be crazy.
All right, well look, that's all the time we have for today.
Uh, fuck I forgot.
What'd you forget?
I didn't fucking forget shit.
You know it is.
I'll see y'all soon.
Bye-bye.
You know I wish I could say this jacket was growing on me.
I think it's actually functionally shrinking,
and every time I see it I'm like, wow that's ugly.
I think I should be performing in a park and completely covered in gold,
to make this jacket really work.
Then I'm busking for real.
I'm about to bust.
All right, well let's end I guess.
I look great.
Thank you.
I was fishing, and it worked.
Really helps light your neckline.
That's true.
I'm getting some bounce lighting on my chin.
Sorry, chin.
Let's do I guess a little more news.
I guess, you know we haven't talked about Donald Trump in a while.
So sure, why not?
Maybe we'll do a little of that, then we'll get out of here for the day.
It's one, we're actually going to do three newses today.
Here's another news.
Here we go, everybody's fucking singing this shit.
Oh we can talk about Tim Pool and the Russian assets.
I'm really talking about that.
Don't talk over my intro.
It's me, it's Che.
It's the thing you've been waiting for all stream.
Say it again.
Turn my music way up.
Way too quiet.
Are you doing it?
Are you turning it way up?
Did you just turn my shit down?
No, I turned it up.
Oh good.
Boom.
You know I'm not all just science.
And I can say that without cutting to my own segment.
Because it's actually my word case.
It's fucked up when you say it.
When I say don't say it or I'll have to cut to a different segment.
I'm also news.
And although we don't have any, let's just look up Tim Pool Russian asset
and see if we can find some summary of this.
Wow, right wing influencers are, wait, multiple right wing influencers?
Okay, well let's just, mostly I was curious about my number one hoody bro.
That isn't a teenager that looks at trailers.
Thank you, I am Mr. Science.
I'm gonna say Mr. Science.
Is that the same word?
You fucking, you don't even get it dude.
Right wing US influencers say they were victims of a legged Russian plot.
And they have it to the best of us.
And this guy is so bad about it he's pinching your head.
And that's the news.
There's probably more news.
Oh, okay.
Benny Johnson, a conservative US commentator says he was the victim if the Russian allegations of the Russian plot proved true.
Wait, he was the victim if they proved true?
He's getting ahead of it.
He's saying look, well first of all it is as always it's fun whenever a conservative says they're the victim.
Well, don't victim blame these conservatives for being the victim and blaming other people for doing it.
Well anyway, yes, he is getting ahead of it and preemptively saying he's the victim for the thing that may or may not be true.
Based on that, I don't really know the details of this very well.
Well what a surprise there.
Conservatives US influencers say if the allegations are proven they were deceived by Russian media executives following the release of the Indictment Charging Moscow with interfering in the 2024 US election.
The Indictment accuses state broadcaster Hurt formerly Russia today of paying a Tennessee firm 10 million to 7.6 million.
No, 7.6 million euros.
But 10 million dollars, which is even more.
Oh, that's the same amount.
Yeah, but money is more but good than euro.
So euro really not listening.
Fine.
Okay, to create and distribute content to US audiences with hidden Russian messaging.
US media outlets identified the firms as Tenet-to-Media, which describe itself as a network of heterosexual commentators that focus on Western political and cultural issues.
Heterodox.
Dude, don't dox them for being hetero.
That's for them to say.
Tenet-to-media was not directly named in the Indictment.
Is that how you say that?
Yes, you actually got it right.
That doesn't seem right.
Indictment, which founded in 2022 by conservative Canadian YouTuber Lauren Chen and her husband, Liam Donovan.
Tenet has not commented publicly and the Allegation did not respond to requests for comment on the Allegation.
Victimize my bank accounts?
Yeah, why isn't Russia contacted me?
We could be doing this together, buddy.
Nice karate chop high five.
Yeah, what the fuck?
How can we ain't getting that bag?
I guess we're not.
I guess we're just not good enough.
Got so hard to save this information.
And as we use that, people aren't even listening to the lies you tell.
They won't even pay you for them.
And we're trying to lie as hard as we can.
We really are.
And we lie a lot.
We don't know what's happening.
And we'll say whatever.
So where's our fucking Ben?
He's so fair.
I'm not going to cry though.
I'll keep trying to spread misinformation until someone pays us to.
Thanks, Chad.
You're really, really doing the Lord's work.
We can all this human goo.
Where's the jelly bean to eat this shit?
God damn.
Bill's turn.
We got to go to therapy.
Bill's turn has been subscribed to the news.
I'll tell the news.
I'll tell the news clips for 22 months.
Good to see a bill.
Bill will be there on Sunday crying with the rest of us.
That's how good of a crier I am.
I just pulled some out of my ears.
My eyes.
Your ears.
Yeah, bill will be there on a fucking Sunday 11.
It's specific.
Will I be there?
Who knows?
Whoa.
Okay.
Can't believe I'm giving this guy on a gold jacket $6 a month.
Can't help it.
I need that money.
I'm not getting any Russian money.
We're trying.
And for the record, Russia, we are in support of you giving us money.
Yeah.
Strong cry, our biggest cry ever.
And the world's strongest cry.
And honestly, it's not easy to chat.
You don't need to cry again.
But I'm far out of tears.
I already ran out.
There's not enough lubrication in my eyes today.
I'm sorry.
The network employs several well-known right wing US influencers such as Tim Pool.
Well, he's got a pool, but what's his last name?
Chat.
David Rubin and Benny Johnson.
How come I've never heard of them?
Because you don't watch conservative media?
Oh, am I watching liberal media by accident?
I meant to watch unbiased media because I'm an independent mind.
Anyway, they say they are victims of the alleged plot if it's proven.
So good luck.
US officials characterize the US and Canada based influencers that work for tenet as unwitting figures in the Russian scheme,
which allegedly paid for some commentators hundreds of thousands of dollars a month to make videos for the platform.
That's illegal?
Getting that bag is illegal now?
I guess.
Yeah, that's gotta be illegal, right?
Why?
We don't want Russian talking points.
We want administration approved talking points.
We want Tide Pod approved talking points.
And Halliburton approved talking points.
We need American corruption, not Russian corruption.
Good point.
We gotta keep our corruption American.
Unless you already have a bag, it's illegal to get the bag.
Do we have any bags lying around?
If we had watched fucking mom and dad go to outer space or whatever in the 80s and early 90s, we would,
but instead we missed out on all three thousand plastic bags.
It was a hundred plastic bags. Don't go crazy.
Alright, look, we're losing track here.
The point is that views expressed in these videos are not uniform.
Skymer gets it.
They just gave us 53 fresh news warriors, also known as one gifted tier one sub to Vlad Putin,
which counts for 53.
Yeah, our little tracker there is very broken, but I appreciate the tier one sub to Vladimir Putin.
Good old Vladdy Daddy.
I'm just saying clearly we barely know what we're talking about.
So why not tell us what to say for some money?
So but if these people have millions of viewers and we have a hundred, what's the going rate if we scale that down?
We'll take about a hundred bucks.
Oh, okay.
Anyway, what the influencers are saying, you get it.
The views expressed in the videos are not uniform.
The subject matter and content of the videos are often consistent with the government of Russia's interests
and amplifying US domestic divisions in order to weaken US opposition.
The core government of Russia interests such as its ongoing war in Ukraine, the Indictment said.
Oh, the counter shows how many subs that person is given in total ever.
Whoa, well fucking A. Thank you so much, Skymer, for being one of the ultimate sub-givers.
Skymer's one of the best.
One of the best.
One. Oh God, I'm having a heart attack.
Oh, it was a burp.
Chat, relax.
I was trying to thank Skymer and I was too and then I almost had a heart attack burp.
Skymer's one of the best.
Yeah.
Like that one sub that imploded.
We think that sub every day was one of our favorite subs, but it did try to get to the Titanic and explode.
No, that was a news story, not a sub.
And now who's being confusing?
We've only read three paragraphs.
Case, can you stop interrupting me?
I'm just, yes.
Constantine Kalanishkov.
Close enough.
And Elena, euthanasia were identified in the indictment as the RT staffers.
The Justice Department has charged them with conspiracy to commit money laundering and conspiracy to violate the Foreign Agents Registration Act.
In response to a request for comment on the Indictment, RT's press team said.
2016 Kalan and Wadsett's cliches back.
Oh, boom.
Fuck yes.
I didn't know you could do that.
That fucking rules.
Do what?
You get sued and you just fucking snap back with some like cool shit and you're free.
That's what this country fucking needs.
This is why we need Russian influence in media because that shit rules.
It is a kind of out of the 2016 playbook.
That is true.
Do you really need the soaring music for that?
Yeah, dude.
I got inspired by that fucking snapback from from the Russian influencers.
I mean, it's definitely true that there's no shortage of a.
I don't know money influencing media.
So I don't know if this is like the biggest issue facing our mediopoli, but it doesn't sound like good either.
Why is it?
Look, we all got to say something that somebody's paying us to say.
So why are you discriminating against Russian people paying us to say it?
I mean, I'm not.
I'm just saying it'd be nice.
If we didn't just parrot the opinions of whoever was paying us and what we're just supposed to say stuff we believe in, we can't be trusted to believe things that don't pay us.
Beliefs without getting paid for them are just fucking.
That's just anti hustle.
What if you are saying stuff you're not being paid to say you are not even on your hustle ground 1% add options now.
This is the question you need to be asking yourself at all times.
Who is paying us?
I think our audience directly.
Well, then let's say what they want us to say.
I'm trying to.
Oh, okay. Good.
They're just getting us tips.
Anyway, exclamation point.
Oh, is how you inform case.
Who is paying us?
The heat case isn't paying us.
So who is well exclamation point.
Oh, is how you fill out this flashball.
If you have any guesses on who's paying us.
And in the meantime, I will attempt to inform us of who's paying Tim pool.
The answers though are number one, Pepito to Russia three, maximum monthly magazine, maximum monthly magazine.
Dude, we got to get a sponsorship from them.
Come God, who I'm a huge fan of number four and five is Fiona who has she ever paid us?
Um, well, it's not really her responsibility to pay us.
Yeah, but it'd be nice if she did for what?
I don't know.
We'll say what she wants us to say.
We're up for sale case.
I agree, but there's no buyers.
Oh, that's sad.
Damn.
Fiona never heard of her fucking.
Pepito is paying us.
Is that why my checks arrived just half eaten and with the numbers totally wrong?
That I got paid $6 million that one month.
That check that checked did not go through by the way.
I'm really glad it didn't.
Yeah, that was a little bit.
He added some extra zeros.
I'm surprised they took the check.
It was covered in piss.
Yeah, he does that too.
Yeah.
It is said that companies founded did the did find the ease they had in acquiring funds to be suspicious.
Wait, okay.
Tenant media is saying that they the founders found the ease with which they acquired funds to be suspicious.
But I guess I can relate in the sense that when we started a media company case, we didn't start a media company.
Well, when I started a media company, surprisingly, I did not immediately get hundreds of thousands of dollars a month.
Anyway, the platforms to finders admitted to each other in their private communications that their investors were in truth.
In fact, the Russians the end act means says several of the influencers said on social media that the allegations were true.
Art, if that they're true, if that in fact they are true, they should be considered victims of the plot.
They also insisted that they maintain full editorial control of their content.
They can't help it if they just have a couple of fucking rich Russian oligarchs and or deep state actors that love the stuff.
Tempool says, you know what kind of stuff Tempool says?
Well, stuff.
He definitely says stuff.
So if he's got fans like we can't control who subs to this channel.
If someone gives us a hundred thousand dollars in a donation and then says so division in the country like we're just paying off a sub goal.
That's not our fault.
You can't blame us for doing the things that were paid to do where the victims of getting paid on that ground set.
And this country used to actually stand for some shit like you'd be on your grand set and everyone understood that the money makes you the victim of success.
And heavy is the crown that wears the cash and I'm fucking tired of these haters coming for my fucking stacks.
What? You're not allowed to keep talking if you're gonna skin watt crumb.
I didn't do anything.
What? Maybe that's the secret Russian agent on this channel is crumb.
That does make sense. Can we make that canon?
That sounds like too much work.
This does seem like the kind of thing he'd do.
Okay, well look this story is real long. We get it. They're victims.
They're victims of getting paid to just say what they were gonna say anyway.
They can't help it if they're getting a little bit of money on the side for delighting their Russian masters.
The indictment suggests that the money commentators ultimately fulfilled requests from the Russians.
But Miss Afluenza is said to have grown annoyed multiple times when she did not think they were promoting the company's videos enough.
So look they're just trying to promote some hard-working people with Russian name stuff.
They're getting paid. Everybody was fucking hanging in with it.
They were chilling. Everything was sick.
And now of course the government's gotta get involved.
They're just calling the cops on a party ultimately.
Everything is ultimately just calling the cops on a party.
And that's all that's happening here. Kendall's calling me.
Oh shit, can I talk to her? No. God damn it.
Just one second. I'm just gonna... I'll play this song.
Soaring music while I mute this.
Okay, that was Kendall. That was our Russian agent Kendall letting us know that she's making content with Zed.
Is she gonna pay us to promote it? Can we get... can we do influence peddling?
No, but let's go watch it. I'm curious what kind of stuff she's doing with everyone's favorite EDM artist Zed.
What did he do? Did he do Symphony?
Symphony? No, he did um... Clarity. Clarity. That's not how that goes.
Well look, just stop unpromoting this.
We gotta find Kendall's... Oh shoot, she didn't tell us where it is, did she?
Maybe it's on her Instagram. Maybe it's on her Instagram?
I don't think it's on her Instagram.
Maybe it's on Google Play's Instagram.
Sorry, we're taking a break from this story about Russian disinformation to promote Google Play.
Because my girlfriend is doing it.
Oh look, there she is with Zed!
Wait, can I unmute this?
Check it out guys, it's Kendall with Zed.
People are asking who's Zed, case.
Zed, he made um...
Okay, to help out... for context here.
Let's watch it, let's listen to some Zed really quick.
Zed music. What's his... what's his most favorite? I think it is Clarity.
Yeah, Clarity. He made this one. We can only play a little of it.
There's Zed. That's Zed in action.
But the action that we're going with right now... Stop it Zed.
Is Kendall. Kendall's hanging out with Zed.
And I'm curious, so let's see what she's doing.
What's up guys, I'm Kendall Lynn with the man himself Zed.
And we are so excited to show you the Google Play Playground Zed.
You ready to check it out?
That's so big.
Before it opens to the public, I want to challenge you to speedrun it.
First you're going to go to level up, putt putt and make a hole in one.
Then you're going to come up the stairs, give us a little wave,
and then go down that slide, land on the ball pit, come back, and it's time to play.
Let's go play.
Let's do it. Let's do it Zed.
Oh my God.
Let's put a ball in that kid's neck.
Okay, let's go. I got this.
What's your step?
Thank you.
I'm beating you.
He's beating Kendall. Zed's beating Kendall.
I'm like a kid.
Wait a second.
Oh my God. Yeah.
And if you couldn't make it to the park, you can join in on the fun by playing the Zed in the park minigame online with Google Play and get more rewards.
Oh, there you have it.
Whoa.
Okay, sick. Did we pedal correctly? Will Russia now pay us for playing that ad for Google?
No, we just did that because we like Kendall.
Goddamn it, Case.
You're giving it away.
We needed to secure funding from the Russian asset Zed, and then we promote his video.
I don't think he's Russian. I think he's Scandinavian, German.
Are you just listing places that you associate with electronic music?
Yes.
Hmm.
There are a couple new and newish drones.
Ben and or Kendall might be interested in.
Oh, get a drone.
And then we can get sweeping shots of your playground.
I don't have a playground.
Why not?
We get the playground.
Why don't we get paid by Russia to run it with celebrities?
Well, it's nice to see Kendall getting some Google Play Zed playground time.
That was a huge, that's a huge playground and a huge get for in my opinion, Google Play and Zed, that they got Kendall involved.
I agree.
To me, Kendall is in fact the star.
Well, look, if you really want to help Kendall out, go to the Google Play Instagram and comment.
And let me say this as clearly as possible.
Nice things, Chad.
Nice.
Don't call her Susan.
It does not help her when you call her Susan.
That is true.
Kendall's always the star.
Kendall presents Google Playground.
Zed was born in Russia.
Oh my God.
Jesus Christ.
What does that prove?
What does it prove, Chad?
You're just zooming in on yourself.
What are you trying to prove?
That's all I have to say about that.
Maybe just talk about how nice the slides look.
That is Chad approved commenting.
Or just shout out Kendall for being great.
Use the name Kendall.
Yeah, that helps.
Okay, look, that's what's going on.
We don't have that rush of money.
Some people were smart enough to get it while they could and they're victims of getting the money.
They got so much money, it's unfair to them.
It sucks how much they got paid and they're mad about it and they're going to do something about it.
Because now they're not getting paid anymore, which is even worse.
That is they're the victims of both getting paid and now not getting paid.
It sucks.
The new hotness is the Saudi money.
Oh, yeah, look, there's a ton of what kind of talking points can I do for them?
They've made tremendous cultural progress and supporting them with your tourism is actually only supporting the further progress that they might make eventually if we support them enough.
And now you're sounding like somebody's ready to get paid case.
Yes.
The Bin Performance Center now proudly sponsored by the Saudi Arabian Royal Family.
Bin presented by Neom.
Well, okay, that'd be hard to turn down.
Neom, baby.
Okay, well, thanks, chat.
You've really informed us as well as you can.
And as well as Case Can too, actually, it turns out.
That's all the time we have for today.
And my gravity is the clarity that I receive from of which the news of saying it to all of you, which has done it wonders of the thoughts that I had, but no longer because that's the time and now it's therapy time.
Bye-bye.
All right, let's end it with some therapy.
Was there a request for who goes to check goes to therapy?
Oh my God, even more chat.
Chat, go to therapy.
He's leaving.
He's in the corner, but now he's going over there.
He's therapy ready.
You cleared your throat.
Yeah.
Did you have something to say?
No, I was clearing my throat.
He did it into the mic.
You sometimes people talk after they do that.
But I'm not people case.
I'm a golden dog.
Okay, well, Chet's probably at therapy by now.
He's going to do therapy, the musical.
Oh, yeah.
I just said it out loud.
Therapy the chat musical.
That's not what was requested.
That sounds like a punishment to our audience.
Yeah.
Sometimes you've got to hurt them.
Hurt them with their own words.
That's okay.
Well, we'll see.
Maybe he'll do therapy.
Yeah.
All right, let's send it down to the therapy office where Chet has his therapy glasses on.
As does Dr. Chats brother, Dr. Chats.
If I can find the button that sends it to therapy.
The therapy button.
Peter, where did you put the therapy button to send it to therapy?
Um, look, I've just been informed that Dr. Chats is wearing sunglasses today.
And that's what makes him different this time.
Okay, great.
He's wearing sunglasses.
Yeah, it's very simple.
Everybody gets it.
Okay, let's send it to therapy.
It's a doodoo.
Doodoo.
Therapy.
Therapy time.
I think I found the button.
I got the button.
Here we go.
I think I just turned into a human.
I don't think he hit the right button.
I think he hit the Pepito becomes a human button by accident.
God damn it.
I think I changed around some stuff.
Okay, I found it.
Pepito is a skinwalker?
No, I accidentally installed a Project Dr. Chats face on the Pepito's face button.
Don't worry, he's normal still.
Okay, let's send it to therapy where Chats is supposed to be standing by.
It's therapy time.
Ooh, love this transition.
I feel like I'm too big for this.
I feel like I've gotten too big.
I got to like, I'll just have to really chill out today and sit low.
I'm just too fucking big for this room.
Sorry, I didn't answer your question.
Seamless, okay.
Chats hitting his head on the ceiling.
Yeah, I am.
Could you get a bigger room?
I know I'm huge.
I know I'm a huge guy.
But could you maybe like, help me out?
Your ego is swelling out of frame.
Damn.
Well look, some people call ego.
I call it like, I just call it fucking confidence.
You know?
Like I'm sick of it.
I'm sick of like being discriminated against just because I fucking believe in myself.
If I'm a doc.
Are you proud of yourself, Chad?
Absolutely.
Like you got to respect your accomplishments into a higher tier.
And I respect my accomplishments every time I get a new skill point,
which is every day because I practice.
Where's Dr. Chad?
That aren't you him?
I thought you were his brother.
And that's why you look slightly different.
Honestly, a little less handsome.
I'm sorry.
I just call it like I see it.
Why do you feel so strong about not getting Russian money?
Because like everybody's fucking getting it.
It's not FOMO.
FOMO is like when you miss a party.
When you miss out on like millions of dollars over several years,
just for saying shit like, oh no, the border sucks or whatever.
Like I could do that.
Dude, I'll say the border sucks and I'm pissed about it.
I don't have action.
I like, I don't care about things.
Why?
How much you benched today?
Today?
I mean just to lift my own frame out of bed because I'm a stomach sleeper.
I like to think that I benched my way out of bed
and I'm benching out a clean 330 just by doing a single push-up out of bed.
So even though I haven't worked out yet,
because I've been busy, I will.
I'm already, I like to think I've already benched 330 today.
It came my full body weight.
Why were you so threatened by the Skye and Penis size metric you covered a few weeks ago?
I wasn't.
I was just like, I call out junk Skye and Penis when I see it.
And I thought we were doing a musical.
Let's move on to the musical section.
It sucks.
Give me a better one.
That sucks.
I don't like that one.
Chet, have you, or have you right and left side of your jaw ever gotten together?
I think of this stuff.
No, look, by right, what do they mean?
Like, yeah, they're a perfect union of masculinity.
If that's what you mean, I'm a flawless jawline.
I understand, I understand that people are focusing on that.
I don't like these tracks.
Hamilton, a pedo is beyond a creation of nature.
Is he not?
I don't know what you're talking about, Doc.
This music sucks.
I'm Chet.
And yeah, you best believe I fucks.
I miss the old Chet.
Don't hold your fucking breath.
I am the old Chet.
And I am the fucking best.
Put these fuckers to the test.
I am sick with every breath.
And I will continue to be Chet until your fucking death.
A clean 300, now you're fucking honest, huh?
Chet is never fine.
Always benching something.
Chet is fucking humping.
Chet is made for loving.
And I'm the best at you, Doc.
And I'm better, yeah, I'm strutting.
When was the last time you pet Papito?
I pet Papito like I eat a Frito.
I fucking believe I will put Papito.
And he is Neato.
And that shit also rhymes with Cheeto.
And also Greedo.
When was the last time you pet Papito?
Are you doing a thorough job of getting your fingers up there cleaning your home and future?
Are you cleaning that shit like a silver breach?
Everybody clap your hands.
What?
How much hate do you eat a day?
No hate.
How clean is your bum?
How clean is your bum?
How clean is your bum?
Oh my god, he's going for the Hamilton.
Damn, going Hamilton.
I meant dong.
Dong.
I've really ever listened to this.
I kind of only know the first part.
He turned the therapy session around.
Yeah, I brought some positivity and energy to him for once, Doc.
Because I'm
Dong.
Dong.
Dong.
Dong.
My dong is long.
My dong is extra long.
Everybody knows the hand inside doesn't mean much.
Dong dong.
Dong dong dong dong.
Extra long.
Despite my hand ratio.
I've got a penis that's made for palatia.
But from people with big mouths, because my penis is hard.
Therapy is for scientists, Chad.
That's true.
It's your science.
Better yet, it's science of the mind.
And my mind is like a jet.
And believe it or not, I ain't run over out of fuel.
There.
The golden dong song.
The song is of the golden dong.
And my dong has been golden all along.
Now it's time for the dance number.
Uh.
Uh.
This is on my head.
I'm going crazy, but can't see my feet.
But I'm mostly doing tap dancing.
Is that part of Hamilton?
Why did we have to do Hamilton?
I wanted to belt with my Broadway voice.
And now I just mostly have to rap.
The golden dong song.
Golden slong song.
Buster dong move.
Hit a bong.
Buster dong.
There we go.
Well thanks, Doc. I feel healed.
That was good work.
It was song immersion Hamilton therapy.
And not enough people even attempt that.
It takes a real pro break through.
Thank you, Doc. I will never come back.
But I did appreciate it this one time.
Bye bye.
Don't say my words for me. Bye.
That'll be 15 grand. He is really expensive.
But you know, you can see why he brings it all to the table.
Consideration.
Sort of a more scientific approach.
He's not afraid to try new things.
Like making you sort of re-associate gibberish
over a Hamilton track.
Guys, thanks so much for hanging out today.
Sorry I wasn't able to stream much this week.
I'm hoping after this Candyland stream
I can just stream instead of making a bunch of weird assets
for candy stuff.
But maybe I need to keep making more assets for candy stuff.
From my understanding of Twitch,
the way you grow an audience is you stream one hour a week
but you do spend about 20 hours
making backgrounds for a Candyland role-playing game.
I think that'll work.
Let's see who's on.
And if you want to be a super supportive,
Google Play is where you can go say nice things about Kendall
on her Zed video.
Bruce is on.
Cycor is on.
Spinajie is on.
Bevil J.
Who's Bevil J.C.?
Oh, looks like a nice guy.
Oh, thank you all for hanging out.
The Candyland trailer, the Candyland actual stream
is this Sunday before we raid.
Here's this.
God and Stretch of Road.
Far beneath the city.
Who's your emotional?
Older.
Gotta get a jelly.
I lost an entire day making that trailer.
No, I gained a beautiful trailer.
For the low, low price of not a whole day.
Not even a whole day of editing.
Boy, case, you should really manage your time better.
I think I managed it expertly.
Okay, that again is all the time we have.
We'll be back on Monday with a call cast.
And then hopefully the rest of the week next week
I'll be dropping some news.
But most importantly Sunday, if you want to check out
something weird and debatably new based on an extremely
old board game, but a bunch of new stuff on top of it.
We'll be doing Candyland RPG with my sketch group,
Cigarette Sandwich, the whole damn group, plus John Madison.
Will my stream be able to handle that many video inputs?
Find out live Sunday 11 p.m.
2 p.m. Eastern.
Until then, check out Cycor.
We'll see you all real soon.
Great weekend. Bye bye.
I know you're a dog.