I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Greatest retired pretzel dreams and also high-training future thank you to the support.
Reality is tearing.
What's happening to my reality? One second. Good enough.
Oh man my hair is still wet.
Guys earlier, I had a double bucket of ice on Kendall.
For some premise that was ice bucket challenge related, some kind of like, remember this thing?
Anyway we should make her show you the video. That's not even why I'm wet.
My hair was just like, it's the wet look today.
It's a wet look for some wet news. Good to see everybody.
Propaganda, John Michael, MSG, Gregg Tew, J-Money, Uncle Phil, Apple DApple, The Sinister Dev.
Brace Silva Bundlesprout, a hype train is happening.
Because Tamtran is going insane among others.
If my hair is flat enough does that make me look more or less like JD-Vance? I don't know.
Maybe I just gotta get curly hair. I gotta give myself the full Zucker transplant.
Tamtran thank you so much for the five. We've got a lot of people to thank for executing this hype train.
Well I guess bringing it to life.
So the execution practically of the... you guys get it.
What the hell are you doing with me? I'm in a cube! Oh no!
Uncle Phil look just Mamma Jam, three hundred trillion tasty coins and I've been dying to say this.
So wet, so wet.
Uncle Phil 2k thank you so much for subbing the president to give me that important message.
Geez hype train, how are your faces barely hanging on but you're popping off.
I'm in a cube!
I've never been seen in my face!
Listen up John, call me early as just Mamma Jam, three hundred shiny tasty coins and I've been dying to say this.
Yes? Nothing. Absolutely nothing to say.
Sometimes you don't need to say anything. What can it be, he's relaxed. He's retired now.
Call me real soon, thank you so much. Apples Apple thank you for the hundred bits.
Oh my god it's too much to keep up with.
This is a normal start to this stream as always. Oh god, I feel refreshed.
Hype train, we need to have you make an official hype train theme.
Do you have any thoughts on that? I don't really know how to fix your face by the way.
Seriously? You can just move some dials around and make me look two percent more normal?
That's not an option because I'm looking a little odd.
Feeling a little boxed out.
Can we just move some stuff around and see what happens? I don't know if I can look like this all day.
I don't know if I'm comfortable looking like this all day.
Yeah, move. Turn some stuff up and down. There we go. There we go.
Turn that down. I'm doing it for him. I'm doing it for case because he didn't get it.
Wow! See how good I look now?
Fine, are you ready to thank some people and also, I guess make your own official hype train theme?
My skin feels so smooth.
You've always been in gray face now that I really look at you.
No. No.
Alright, well, what do you want to... What chat? Let's do the classic.
What should the Hype Train's official theme track be called?
What should the Hype Train's new theme be called?
Boom, it's a flash pull.
Eximation point O is how you fill this out. The first five who fill this out to get to set your hype theme forever.
And as a special treat hype train because you're going to die in two minutes.
I'll give you an extension on survival so you can record this track.
You don't get to make those kinds of decisions.
If I survive it's only because the hype of me recording a track is keeping me alive.
I'm only powered by hype, not by case.
Alright, training montage, no hype, no glory.
I'm a hump it, I'll abort and rails to cream land.
Whoa, rails to cream land? That sounds like not a song, but something else.
Training montage is pretty good.
All aboard is, you got one, training montage is kind of, ooh, I'm a hump it, it's king steam.
The early pulls can't be trusted hype train. You got to wait until the last 10 seconds.
We're kicking into the streets today.
Yeah, we are. Been a minute. Training montage looks like it's going to take it.
No, no. You never know. There's going to be a last minute push for all of you. Training montage gets it.
Damn, I guess that means we got to do like eye of the tiger basically.
We need the eye of the tiger instrumental.
Alright, let me pop open audition.
We need to open your recording. Sweet hype train.
While you're doing that, I guess I'll thank people for keeping me alive.
Dilemma, thank you so much for the six months. Right in my tiny hole.
What?
My little smokestack hole. Tiny.
Okay.
247, thank you for the three months. Right in my tiny hole.
Sister, can you just call the smokestack?
Uh, request denied.
Um, entity, thank you also for the three months and the 27 months.
Right in my tiny hole.
Thank you to AppleDom for the 100 bits.
Loach your Tyler for the gifted sub. Right in my tiny hole.
Be Grendel. Six months.
I need your help.
I can see everything.
Listen up Jack.
Call me or it's just Mama Jam 500 shiny tasty coins and I've been dying to say this.
Oh, we'll still do the theme. We'll do the theme anyway.
He'll wake up for the theme.
When the theme music drops, it'll pump him up.
We got a request.
Tam Tran, thank you again for the five community subs.
Be Grendel the six months.
Uncle Phil 2K for the 300.
Call me or Ilyas.
Showering me with bits today.
The 300 and the five.
AppleDaple with 100.
Propaganda requesting to consult Mick from Rocky for this hype train.
Okay, I guess we can check in with him before we see whatever the hype trains got for us.
Mick from Rocky.
Damn.
What does he even look like?
Yeah, this is basically him.
Mick from Rocky, any advice?
You got to give up.
You got us.
Stick it to him.
The afterlife is not treated, Mick from Rocky, very fairly.
Stick it to him.
That's not a...
When did you decide to say that?
That's the classic advice I gave in the film.
Stick it to him, Rock.
Sack a to we.
Ran a to we Rock.
Ran a to we too, starring Rocky.
Rock.
The rain the rock.
You're just free associating.
No.
Anyway, sing a song.
We'll check in for his feedback on it after it.
For the hype trains theme training montage.
First I got to find...
First I have to open a thing.
There's so much little stuff to do.
A new...
Okay.
Yeah, whatever.
Is the recording button working?
It's not...
This is why I should set up the stuff beforehand.
But you know me, I never will.
Okay.
Yeah, there we go.
And...
There we go.
Okay, now is it working?
Now do you want to...
There we go, now it's working.
There we go, now it's working.
Okay, let's find...
Some I of the Tiger.
And you know where we go.
For all the classic instrumental tracks.
U-Tube.
I of the Tiger instrumental.
Is this right?
Is this that?
This is probably that.
Close enough, right?
There we go.
That'll work. That'll do.
Now I need the I of the Tiger lyrics.
I'm just gonna let the...
I'm so sick of using chat, CheeVeeTee,
that I'm just gonna let the hype train free associate over the lyrics.
And he'll figure it out.
He's got the lyrics here.
He'll figure it out.
It's rising up, you know.
I'm sure he won't do anything weird with...
Any of the lyrics.
Right, hype train?
You're not fucking...
You're not the hype train.
CheeVeeTee, thank you so much for the prime.
You can sub to the hype train because I was on mobile.
It's fine. The hype train needed a break.
It's fine. The hype train needed a break.
Because it's gonna get resummoned in just a second.
Because it's gonna get resummoned in just a second.
To really deliver this hype track to us.
To really deliver this hype track to us.
And we're gonna have to hear this every time he appears going forward.
And we're gonna have to hear this every time he appears going forward.
So I really hope you don't blow it.
I'm awake. I'm ready.
Can you sing?
Fuck you.
Better montage music?
Rocky 4 Better montage music.
Same slide but sleazy.
Can I sing over this?
I guess I could come up with the lyrics for this.
I mean I'm not gonna...
I just don't know how he's gonna...
What he's gonna sing over that.
I'll figure it out man.
Don't challenge me.
Oh you want this.
I want this.
Alright chat's spoken. It's better.
I mean I don't...
It starts pretty slow. It's five minutes long.
Maybe there's a Rocky 4 trap beat?
It's kind of the hype train speed.
Huh?
Oh baby.
Yeah I guess this could work.
Yes.
Alright we'll run it back and just record whatever you happen to say over this hype train.
That's our process here.
Where I'm a producer.
My process is very simple hype train.
You only get one shot, one opportunity.
And that's my official...
That's the original policy of me case Blackwell.
This is me some intense flow.
I can only think of one train
capable of handling this kind of task.
Oh.
Oh.
You know I'm never mad at you.
I'm always dropping subs keeping that hype.
Baddest.
I'm in heaven.
Hype train and it's always safe betting that I'm not just a boat.
Every night you can keep me going.
And I'm always alive.
But be careful if you ever actually reach 25.
Cause at that level I will say it's a spoiler.
Cause it'll happen someday boy.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's not.
Yeah.
We got sin.
And we got.
We got.
We got.
We got.
we got.
We got.
We got fake leather.
We got.
We got fake leather.
We got.
I just took a goddamn 11th theme theme mastermind
So preachy shout no to get to theme masterminds
Hey, well, I guess that's his I guess that's his new theme. I guess that'll do pig
Yeah, Nick any
Feedback on that I couldn't hear it. It's not super helpful stick it in rock
Stick it in there rock
Damn it in okay. Well, um, let's get into some news
That's one sub goal down now. I just need a hot dog. We have to listen to Elon must do poetry
He tricked lunch at the end the Ralph munchkut came in at just the right time
afraid of news
Prepare yourself for this fearful news. Who knows what we're in for today
That's true. That's the new official hype train track training montage
You'll have to hear it a lot. It's gonna make a new one when we can't take it anymore
You know, I think we're also gonna debate some Elon Musk related stuff today
So we're sending it to much of crumb later as well
We already have in the corner as you can see we got some Bradstein served up
We got a lot of news to get through so let's get into it. It's news time
It's
Wrong one case
Incorrect
Try again. Don't do that. Sorry Jeff
Don't put your face over my face. Imagine how I feel every day Jeff
I don't know what you're talking about. I don't track that conceptually. I'm Jeff ripple
You break
We're back to normal I've been normal this whole time I keep it extremely normal at all times as a good newsman should
I'm a steady base of incredible normality
Not that we're about me
Right and what are we talking about today? What's going on in the world? What's the breaking news?
You don't have a headline for me
Stargate finally real
Real stargates
Can't see any way this headline could be immediately disappointing
Yeah, definitely not
Let's find out
What does Trump's 500 billion stargate mean for the world of AI you son of a bitch?
Yeah, sorry, it's not the good stargate. Why would they do that? Well Star Wars was also a
Military wait, this isn't military a government thing
And it wasn't the movie. Yeah, but at least it was space stuff
Space lasers. This is fucking AI stuff. I thought you were scared of AI and it was at least that's exciting
I'm not even sure if I'm scared of it anymore. I'm mostly every time it comes over. I'm like, oh still
Still more than still 500 billion dollars of still 500 billion dollars of still
Former president trump has announced an unprecedented 500 billion dollar AI infrastructure initiative
Well, that's at least jobs maybe
I'm still not convinced that AI is on remotely solid footing as an actual functional product. That's worth anything
All it's done so far is lose money. Yeah, but it's the future. People are saying that. Yeah, but who's saying that?
every tech company and
They've been right about
everything but pets.com
Is trump infringing on the actual stargates ip with this or a president's exempt from that law too?
I think they don't they literally have
um
If you've ever seen the movie double
jeopardy
Ah, yes
With I think ashley jud they have double jeopardy law once you've been president. You can't be convicted of the same crime ever
Yeah, that was I think a supreme court really recently unfortunately
I think legitimately now when you're president you like
Can't be tried for anything you do in office, which is
That was always kind of the unspoken rule, but no it's fully a rule
Anyway, the point is this is apparently what stargate is
I don't know how far but they have people working on it in summer get a vctv 9 000 is making hundreds off AI
That's a great point and losing no money. It's that's all profit the revenue is all profit
on
What is a vctv? So I think it's kevin's ai twitch stream with it's like interactive and
It uses AI
I don't really have a problem with that use of AI actually
Okay, so you're just gonna have a problem when your friends use it. Uh, yes
That is my test if it's someone I like using and I'm like, ah
But everybody else should stop
Okay, trump announced the project on day two of his presidency setting alongside three of the most powerful men in tech
Open ai CEO sam altman oracle founder larry ellison and soft bank chair
Masayoshi san
I don't know you have to say their names if they're powerful
These are the most powerful man. You got to say their names with an order of mystery and
beer
Details were relatively sparse. We learned that funding would come from the technology arm of UAE's sovereign wealth fund
Oh, well, at least those emirates are united. Uh, and that 100 billion of investment would be promised for the first year
So
What just sort of doing like the the wwe playbook? It's not just the wwe. That's Saudi. Well, yeah, okay
There's money in them in them hills. There's no money money beneath those dunes
Sam altman is gonna have to change his name to sam alt rightman
too late, uh
It's all that's finally not just hey, why is facebook so conservative now finally the leadership is on board
And along with every tech company apparently so
Big money moves being made. I wonder why all these tech people that are heavily invested in ai would have
Lined up behind trump all at once
I wonder what
What in this headline could have
What could have got them so excited about I wonder what happened?
Yeah, I don't know
Reading this sentence again and again. I guess they really like stargate
Yeah, I think when he promised to name this project stargate
It's when he really finally got the tech world to buy in on trump amania
all those trump amaniacs
We're also sending it to amongst the web as per huge
So what does such a huge investment champion by the incoming president of the world's most powerful nation?
Don't give that look that's anti-american. Sorry. I mean, we're definitely the most
We're gonna be the number one forever a most powerful nation mean for the future of ai. Let's take a look
Then it's just ads
Well, but there's more text down there. There's text way down there
Oh, we want the guy from resident evil if we want the the scary guy with the beard. Oh, tor torres
Bitora is that his name something like that
Bug guy the boss from the village for amongst the web
I could probably find him somewhere
Must is against it. So it's good. He's like the only
Although he's the most allied with trump and he like he's the one left out in the cold here
But I guess we'll get some musk. There's been a lot of musk stuff
Trump himself has said that his involvement in the project is because of an emergency situation by treating it as an emergency
Trump and his government may be able to quickly remove regulatory obstacles for or divert funds to the project in order to see results
Sooner he's made it clear that he considers it vital for us national interest that the country maintains its position as the world leader
in ai technology
What does that mean it like who is
Who's using ai?
profitably currently
Other than like sam altman who's profiting personally off of just the investment rush
Like what product has ai launched that is solvent and functional
They have to strip it off of phones. It seems like microsoft can't sell copilot
Or are again anyone to actually fucking use it
scammers
Yeah, maybe like it's been huge for
Uh the princes that emailed me the princes from various, you know
African countries that emailed me they were already doing fine, but now they email me every day and stories that are really
I'm like, man, that would take a minute to think of but I guess it doesn't
Okay, fine. So the fake prince industry is doing better than ever and also like
Shrimp jesus. I don't think shrimp jesus is even a thing anymore
Yeah, but he's doing okay. There's a couple twitch channels that just run around the clock debates between the presidents. I'm sure there's
Probably more people watching that than this
Yeah, but that's not a super high bar. Well
That just means, you know, maybe they're making some money and although it costs a lot probably to run
the ai all day
The point is we're apparently they're gonna make money. Yes at some point. This is all gonna become incredibly profitable. Yeah
Look Trump has made it clear he considered it vital for us national interests that the country maintains its position as world leader in
AI technology
He will definitely be aware of the fact that other countries most notably china
But also the uk our members of the eu are also pouring huge amounts of investment into research and development
The us already leads the world in terms of AI funding with a 70 count them up billion
flowing into initiatives in 2024 compared to under 30 billion across the rest of the world
Can we say this is an AI channel?
No, this is a news channel
Right
If it happens the new investment will keep the country firmly in first place
But it's likely that this news isn't just about building a new technology
It's also about creating jobs and the economic prosperity that will bring
Trump says he expects stargate to create 100,000 jobs over four years
This will be a huge boost to a president
Who knows that his performance will be judged on the performance of the u.s economy during his tenure perhaps above anything else
Um 100,000 jobs
Can we just prop up a whole industry that doesn't sell
anything
forever
You know say what you will about like ilan mosk and all of the government subsidies that he gets but
He doesn't least technically make cars his company does and he gets to then say they're his
But he's but these guys are gonna make big buildings
Oh, yeah, I guess they will make big server farmer buildings. They'll make big
Are we really? I mean, I'm not a fan of AI, but
I do love a big server farm
I do like a bunch of cords going into computers everybody does
And they all light up and in the movies when you hack them it looks cool
It's like a cool place to film in the movies when you're doing a hacking scene
The next mission impossible can probably film there with the corpse of tom cruise
Oh wait AI tom cruise even better
100,000 permanent jobs. Well in the next four years 100,000 jobs will be created
We didn't say maintained
Hmm the city is busy today. It's popping off back there. We got to add some more stuff to the city
There's so much going on back there. Alrighty now. We need a little bit more
Now that I've settled in to living in my new place
We're in the same studio. I'm in a new apartment
Um, I can I can finally get down to the real work at hand making unnecessary graphics all the time
That is a lot of what you do
So what is stargate?
A great show. Nope. It's miss this now. Not a great deal is known about uh at the moment
But here's what we do know we're gonna spend a hundred billion dollars and we don't know
Yes. Oh, okay. I was just checking. All right as long as we're doing that
A project using the name has been underway for some time with construction work already started on a texas data center
Earlier media coverage media coverage referenced the term connected it
referencing the term sorry
It's been a while. I need to slap myself everyone as well
Get your news voice under control earlier media coverage referencing the term connected it to a partnership between open ai and microsoft
This involved a hundred billion dollar data center and ai super computing project. See I called it big building full of computer
Okay, I do like big building full of computer. I wish it was doing something more useful
But well, it'll probably if you run it let it run long enough
It'll probably do something good eventually the monkeys and computers
But what are those monkeys are computers?
Hmm a thousand computers that are monkeys
But writing all day. They'll make who knows how many brilliant plays
During donald trump's announcement ellison said that uh 500 000 square square foot
That's huge data centers already under construction with more than 10 on 10 huge buildings
Are we really gonna be against this?
I'm glad that we're building any we're building building big building. Yeah, that's a big building and who knows what it what it'll make
It's really an open question
Open ai I'll put out a statement stating that 500 billion will be invested over five years in a new company named stargate
That will ensure american leadership and ai create hundreds of thousands of american jobs and generate massive economic benefit for who?
The entire world they said it and you said it not me as well as open ai the initial investors include oracle the california company responsible for
Mostly, I think
But they do twitter server farms
Uh, no to a tiktok. Oh well, so they're gonna need a new business
Um, it's much a critical backstage infrastructure that supports the internet japanese software giant softbank and emirates well fund
mgx yeah for the record i do think oracle has
Their hands and many other tails other partners include arm invidia and microsoft but not yaks
That's why elan's getting so upset. He's gonna have to
cancel his
Diablo feeder accounts payments if he doesn't make another
hundreds of billions of dollars off this
Oracle funds and a perna and skydance if amazon is involved they're going to be paying them for the ip
The amazon has to everybody's gonna want a piece of this 500 billion dollars just there for the taking
Yeah, what billionaire worth their salt isn't gonna scrape a couple billion off of this
There's enough billions there for 500 billionaires
yeah
Or more if you don't give each of them a billion no they all need a bit their billionaires
They only get paid in billion other partners in every way that a gi okay stop treating me like a child
I know that agi means a good intelligence
Yes, uh, however within hours of the announcement there were already signs of a drama unfolding
It's well known that elan musk who played a huge role in trump's election campaign as unlikable guy giving money
Uh, doesn't get along with altman
Less than a day after trump's announcement the pair were taking shots at each other on social media
In an exchange quoted by the financial times musk throws doubt onto the claim that one billion in funding is already secured
Altman responds wong
Oops, sorry. I thought he was naming someone wong. No, he says wrong. Fuck wrong
I realize
What's great for the country isn't always what's optimal for your companies
But in your new role, I hope you'll mostly put the country first wait
I need a different thing that breaks down this full beef. I want to see the tweets
Hmm. Yeah, I don't I want to see the I want to see the the little clipped out tweets
Elon altman tweets, please
They're trading barbs according to NBC news show us the source of the barbs
Hmm news week. Will you do it for us?
Yeah
Okay, this is now we're we're quoting some tweets in this article. It looks like okay. Yeah. Yeah, this is what we want
This is what the people crave
They're fighting and kissing. No, I think they're just fighting. Well, they could kiss at any moment
Because it's easy to send a kiss over the internet. You just type in a little kissy emoji
Maybe they'll slip one in and then we got two
Beefy tech boys kissing. They're not neither of them's beefy
One gelatinous tech boy
man and one slender tech boy
Kissing. Why is this your fantasy?
I don't know. I'm discovering this in the moment. I want to see it Jeff. That's unprofessional. I'm trying to hold it together case
But I want to see these two kids
Sense went since right now
Sophie announcing stargate first it was announced by netcap girl
Then
Dr. Perrick Patel got in said leaked image of the research tool open a uses to come up with their 500 billion dollar number for stargate
Who knows? Oh wait, I'm not showing chat
This is the tool that they're using apparently some kind of advanced clear
Graphics card or something it looks like the chip is using some sort of silica-based dust
Uh as a trend as some sort of new age transition model
Jeff you want to look a little more closely? No
But him all right
Then Elon musk, uh, he did this he said very few people realize
Just how much reed hoffman did and spent to stop trump from getting reelected
It seems reasonably likely to me that trump would still be in office without his efforts
Thank you read and that's him talking shit about trump and as we know
If you've ever said anything terrible about donald trump like for instance, he's the american hitler. He'll cut you off
for
He'll ask for an appall. He'll
You'll at least have to say something nice about him eventually to make up for it
And then he'll forgive you totally and you can be vice president. All right
Then elan musk also pointed this out sam altman is funding a far left wing media
This is from last week axios published every anti real donald trump hoax under the sun
Very troubling stuff here, especially given sam's love of lawfare under reed hoffman. Did sam help read?
Was that the project?
Back to work tomorrow on a new project to stop trump. Okay, so sam altman is trying to stop trump doing all the stop trump stuff
Hypocrisy, he's got him. There's no way altman will recover from this
He already recovered from this. Oh my god incredible
All right, I genuinely respect your accomplishments says sam altman to elan musk
And think you are the most inspiring
Entrepreneur of our time manor geb. Thank you so much for the 25 months
Look at that
The whole world spinning on my finger
Uh, thank you so much commander geb
Sincerely appreciate it keeping that the sub train rolling even if the hype train is long dead. It died. I saw it
so altman kind of coming in with the sort of uh
Proving his leftist bona fides by setting like a real liberal kak
While he's killing him with kindness, I guess
um
The most inspiring entrepreneur of our time really just revealing his strategy of
Just be a complete sycophant to everyone because why not
You're getting a 500 billion dollar project late at your fucking lap
It doesn't matter what you say. I guess as long as it's like
The right kind of ass kissing but then
Elon musk said no, uh, we're not making peace like that. We're not doing the hug. This is a feud
We're not gonna end the feud early. We need a payoff match before we end the feud
and
In case the alert didn't work
Um, yeah, one of the alerts is sometimes it just doesn't work. However when that happens
Boom, that's for giggle trash dropping the ducks for giggle trash
For the community sub. Thank you so much old school indeed
Actually now it's getting more old school every day. Unfortunately. That's how time works. What a bummer
I wish it worked in a different direction
Oh, but it only works in one and in that direction a couple days ago
Elon musk said on the other hand satya definitely does have the money
I'm good for my 80 billion. What the I don't even know
On 12 46 a.m. Must posted a video of microsoft chiefs executive satya nadella
Saying he was ready to invest 80 billion in stargate
Jesus
He's dropping numbers. I was already how much money do you ultimately put into to this?
You know, so so this is where you know microsoft is investing 80 billion dollars in capital each year and this year we're investing
And I'm not particularly in the details of what they're investing. Okay. And so but when you look at that 100 billion dollar commitment
500 billion dollars potential. I don't know if you saw elan musk took to twitter
Yes
And said they don't have the money the money doesn't exist as if this is not really going to happen
What do you think of that?
Look, all I know is I'm good for my 80 billion. I'm going to spend 80 billion dollars building out azure customers
Azure on microsoft with open stargate being there everywhere in the world
Uh serving really ass and other models. That's I think what I know
Really we don't have a new
I really thought we would have had a new rich place for people to be cold by now
They stay warm. That's where they get to wear all of their nice fleeces
They do have some expensive places. I know because I've been the aspen
I just assumed there must be some extra layer of
Of rich guy
mountain
azure equals microsoft version of aws
What's aws keep up with all of these very reasonably named ai projects jeff. I'm trying it's just there's too many
All right
Then kosh ways in I don't know why they're including some of these
Um, that's it. They didn't give us that that's the whole feud
There's got to be more go let's just go to twitter itself
I'm reluctant
I'm always reluctant to just hard go to elan musk's twitter
But let's see what else he's fucking posting. I guess if there has been a there's been any important any important developments
My talk today on the presidential parade
You know, I know people are mad at the zig heil
As they should be
But we really don't give enough credit to all of the shitty movements he makes
The fact that I think he's zig heiling to just cover up for all the fucking air humping and x jumping. He does
Oh god
What a cool guy
He's so rich. I guess that's what cool. Don't rich people get to decide what's cool
um
sort of
He just really had the energy of someone who's like
Never had a social interaction
It's like he it's like a make-a-wish camp for like the nerdiest kid in school and
He wrote that you remember bat kid
When that whole city let him pretend to be batman for a day
That's how elan musk's whole life seems to me. He just seems
It seems like he had some make-a-wish thing when he was
A 10-year-old in south africa
They're like, well, you had a terrible abuse of dad. So as a make-a-wish you get to live out your dream of
Being rich and cool, but we all kind of know he's he sort of sucks. So we're just kind of like
Okay, nah, oh, okay. No, that wasn't no inaccurate
Um, never forget
Never got was done in south port to these young. Okay. This has got to be I'm sure this is troubling but also racist somehow
There are more race laws in place in south africa today than there were under apartheid. Oh, I see so
This is somehow he's trying to bring back apartheid south africa
I'm guessing is what both of these posts involve
Uh, you're going to have to look in the replies if you're looking for the sam altman beef. Oh, okay
Oh
It's you really shouldn't the radiation of elan musk's
Uh x account. Sorry twitter account say it right twitter account. Sorry
um
Usually you just shouldn't be near it too long. I can feel myself developing
Something in my balls just from having to just to having to be this near to a screen that has it on
Um, this is my we might have to bail he posts too much
Close the borders and deport criminals
Sorry, I'm just really
It's really all just just doesn't stop all day
Oh, look, this is the thing that he commented on this
Explosive is getting fired this katham's favorite word is getting fired
Who the hell is this? Why are they mad at this person?
Uh, which really funny is
As a government employee, what's so ironic
About all of this shit going on with trump making us go in person five days a week to promote
I don't care enough. I don't care somehow that made somebody really mad though her
Or they or him looking like that
Um, yes, this was a look scientifically designed to outrage whatever
Elon musk and donald trump's constituency is they see this and they're like the piercings
And I think she's complaining about something that I bought that I don't like
I'm mad it worked
They're doing it I guess all right. I can't even find
Uh
They just post too much
Oh, here he is posting about his Nazi salute
That's because I was gonna have munch and crumb try to try to debate this later
Let's see what he's saying about this
It was astonishing how insanely hard legacy media tried to cancel me for saying my heart goes out to you
And moving my hand from my heart to the audience in the end this deception will be another nail in the coffin of legacy
Media does he show the clip?
He's trying to say a manual my crone did the same thing
I think if you do the side by side that is a slightly softer my heart goes out to you
I mean, Elon musk really shot it to the side
The hand was out the hand was straight. It was pretty pointed
Must we run it back?
We'll have much to crumb take a look at it later
Nazi heart
I just mean if like, you know, there's just a certain angle like we should actually I should stop probably doing this as long as it's your face doing it
I'm less worried
Yeah, he didn't really do like the heart pat and then the point
Although you really politicians a bit of advice
And I don't usually do opinion journalism. Isn't that all we do? I almost never do it, but
You touch your heart point afterwards
Just don't keep the hand straight
And if you do you have to keep it at an angle like a snake. This is this is okay
The python this is what i'm calling it for politicians. My heart goes out to you with a snake
Now you're safe
Then it goes on to double down by making some nachi cringe cringe jokes as well. Yeah, I'm not seeing that on here
I'll have to just search it because
He posts about every two minutes. I think
And cuz he posts every two minutes
It's pretty hard to to just scroll through his stuff and find anything
I will say almost everything he posts
Is is is this
Damn he love wow
He really is the lord of memes. He just finds the best ones
And he's like
gotta post this
The richest man on the planet as people love to say
We need further research. How many pictures of politicians can we find of them giving the jerk-off motion?
Yeah, where's our montage of that?
We're not in the 1920s anymore. You can't get elected just by jerking off all over the audience back in the day
Kelvin Coolidge his whole campaign was fuck you
We jerk off at the audience
They play skinner
Back in the day 1920s they jam Leonard Skinner through the loudspeaker politicians come up
They do a big jerk-off at the audience everybody be going fucking crazy
politics has changed
I'll be jay definitely did that
Uh as a Jew I say it's a nazi salute kind of no one when we see it
I mean, it's one of the most flagrant
It was just a well the only the only thing that defends him doesn't defend him
It's he just even he does the nazi salute kind of weird because he like grips his whole
gross optimist prime man boob and then he flings it out
Anyway, we'll we'll just watch it once elon was Nancy salute
What a what a fun thing to google you know, I'll do it in there
Sorry twitter stop calling it the wrong thing
Musk nazi you've all seen it, but you know just for reference if anybody somehow hasn't
There he is doing there. Yes. Thank you
Billionaire oligarch elon musk has long supported and then he did it again right wing causes here in the united states
Including spending a quarter of a billion dollars to reelect donald we can't trust this. This is from an anonymous source. It's right in the name
Oh group good point
There's also videos from taking uh talking in front of his shareholders and he does the proper two-handed my heart goes out to salute
I mean there's either he's
Either he's just fucking brain dead which I guess he is but or uh, you know, he's trying to be provocative
Or he's just gotta he's an actual you know
White nationalist essentially
And I think honestly all three could be true so
I guess he's got us talking about it and he's got us all talking
About how he's an uh nazi
I'd say like why don't we just ignore this but then again, you know
Him him seemingly sympathizing
Like uh nazi white nationalists and being one of the richest people on the planet having the direct ear of the
President is newsworthy. So it's just it's frustrating when someone this dumb
Um is in the news all the time
I'd say one of the worst public figures to have to live in all of our brains of the last like hundred years
Not not necessarily someone who's done the the worst possible things like or is as directly responsible for
for like atrocities of some other people but just as a
Annoying figure that we all have to be aware of. I think elon musk is at least top 10
He's all of the above well there you have it
Oh, also he admitted to being a fake gamer apparently what see I was about I was about to say at the end of the day
We gotta forgive people for their faults, but really yeah, so I guess he's faking it
um
elon musk admits account boosting on poe to end diablo 4
But says deal with it. What would I be apologizing for? I've seen that's spoken like a true fake gamer
How would he know he doesn't even know that there is a thing to apologize for there?
I was okay with the nazi salute, but this I mean
It just keeps piling up and this is the most troubling thing yet
um
Okay, elon musk raised more than a few eyebrows. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Um, where does he admit it?
So is he account boosting or what?
He's a world richest man. Yes. Yes. Yes. He's very busy
I
Supposedly the mystery is now solved a new video released by
Nico rex shares dms between the pair with musk's permission
Oh
In which everyone's favorite brain chip advocate admits to using account boosting services
I just realized I can hide back there when I get nervous. Don't look at me chat
I feel safe
Then I'm back
Can you focus no
Um, he kind of had to after the internet noticed his poe2 account grinding while musk was very much in attendance at donald trump's inauguration
Nico rex asked musk if they've had someone else play their accounts
To which musk responds with a 100 emoji. I'm on multiple streams with rob a says musk
But when I post a video of a game or am streaming that's 100 me
Oh and that explains why whatever he's playing it looks like trash and he isn't very good
Yes, he's somehow bad at clicking at the monsters with the overpowered right click
Um, I think the only good thing elan did was get amber heard to cosplay as mercy
Oh, yeah, he got to date amber heard
well
I guess you could see that as a lucky thing
Oh, yeah
Hmm
Amber heard mercy
Well, I mean hey, this is a good mercy cosplay. Yeah, I personally I think amber heard is uh, mostly just a
Uh rage font for the right who probably
Wasn't a fairly abusive relationship and basically got
Completely shit on on the internet for just seeming unlikable while accusing someone they liked of doing bad things, but
anyway
Consolation prize. Oh, yeah. Well, this is a pretty good mercy cosplay
So it's he's not all bad. No, I'm pretty sure musk is
I'd say he's a net negative. Hmm. All right. He's he's he's in the he's not in the black. He's
Oh wait, I shouldn't put it that way. No, I mean, you know, you take that with a shovel where you want
I think it's accurate. He's
Having well actually no, he's doing better than ever. Yes. He's oh
He's probably a worse person than ever and doing better than ever interesting how that works
What an interesting time we live in but that's all the time we have
See what I did there use the word time twice exactly
And uh, don't worry if you're out of time just wait because another ripple will come passing by soon
Because water is always rippling and the news is the water and you're in it and I'm Jeff ripple. You get it. Bye. Bye
Sometimes the water is still
Don't tell Jeff it's his only thing
Tony's got all right
Um
That's gonna do. Oh, we have a lot of stuff to do. We have way more segments to get to
I think up first was the streets
Oh my god
Yes
Pito's been fed today microphone 900 says case I need your help to make a red note video
I think I can get the communists to love america
And I'm in you had me at communists
Send the details to my red note account. You know, I did sign up for red note to support
Um
president g obviously
To support chinese ownership of all of our media
I keep trying to sell them this channel so far they say no
But I think if I keep really towing the party line eventually they'll say we got to get this guy
Anyway, I'm on there. So just
I posted one video and it was like I'll probably never open this app again
But I was happy to share all the information with them that they might have not already had from my visit to china
You know, it's important to stay
In the good graces of the ccp
Of a cp no ccp ccp
Okay, I mean I don't really know what either is
Tallest there are some tall chinese people
Occasionally I'd walk by someone taller than me and be like, whoa
Oh, no, my presumptions are melting away
On average though, I was pretty tall
On average, I did feel pretty tall
Both sides realizing they've been fed lies about each other side for their entire lives
I mean it would be incredibly healthy if there was like international communication between
The estranged peoples of the world seeing as we're all mostly being exploited by
Same one percent of people
But I don't really know if that'll happen on a show
Chaosheng Hu
I'm saying that wrong. I keep forgetting its actual name red note
Yeah, yeah, dude, I'm lazy. I'm a hard one
You don't even know what I'm talking about. Yeah, but I know the name of it. You don't know anything
Yeah, but I know the name of it
Especially in the north of china. I was only in the north of china
I if I ever get the chance, I'll totally go back to china. I'd like to I'd like to look around more
I'd like to just snoop around in china a little bit more
But strike that from the records for if I ever have to reapply for a visa
I want to snoop around. Yeah, I just want to snoop around a little bit
Lemon
Lemonate lemon party
Yeah, the new app lemon party is also I mean, I think for another 90 days. It's just we're back to tiktok
I had this vague sense though that tiktok like
This did damage to their not their credibility, but like their momentum
I feel like just people realizing like this can be taken away
Um might have like dented their numbers in the us a little bit, but maybe I'm wrong
Maybe I already just immediately got back on there. Also. I don't I think you still can't download it off of the app store
so
Attrition would eventually shrink their numbers anyway
Does apple have tiktok? We're gonna look that up apple tiktok
It's in the name tiktok true. It's still off the app stores as of
Three days ago
iPhones with tiktok installed listed for thousands of dollars on ebay after brief ban
Yeah, but can you just download it in the app store yet? I guess I can just check the app store
Apple won't return tiktok to app store until it's sold to a us buyer apparently
According to apple insider
Who has a guy clicking on things? I see no reason not to trust
It's not on the play store. There's a message about it too. Yeah, so until it's actually like
Functionally reintegrated into the app ecosystem. I think
It's on essentially borrowed time
And I don't really I think if the china chinese government really has any say over its sale, which I'm assuming they do
I don't think the uh
Presumption that china is involved in their businesses unfounded it a thousand percent is I think if they have any say
I don't think they'll sell it. I think they're actually willing to just take the hit
I could be wrong
But they tend to kind of keep their ducks in a row
Um, and I don't think they'll be willing to just
Let some random american profit off of it from instagram
Have tiktok. I
This is courtesy of life in sleazy
Look at uh game stop getting in on it
Have tiktok game stop will buy your phone
I use tiktok so rarely still
If I ever get a sense that it's gonna stick around I might start posting more on it
Because I I do have a I've made it I've been filming a few things to uh
Start putting out just a couple videos like maybe one or two a week
But I don't know I don't really want to like start grinding into it on an app
That's probably gonna disappear in a couple weeks a couple months
Anyway, we'll see for now
Let's keep this train moving very slowly down the track and send it to the streets
If you have an opinion exclamation point trip, it's how you send that opinion to the streets because guess who's there
It's trip on the street live from the bush everybody
The opinion lines are open. It's your boy
trip aka
exclamation point trip
Maybe I should start calling myself that because that's how you send me your hot and fresh opinions
I'm on the streets the wind blowing through my incredibly stiff hair not moving at a single inch
And ready to learn what your thoughts are. It's not about me
It's not about me. It's about all of you and my heart
Goes out to all of you. I'm doing it right. I learned that way back in the news day
If you're gonna send your heart out you got to do it with the snake
All right, uh looks like our opinions are flooding in
Let's see who wants to talk to me today
Yes, yes, yes, yes a lot of people out here today
Who do I pick?
Who do I even pick?
Finding some real weird ones. Sorry one second. Um
All right, this guy looks ready to talk to me. Uh, yes you there. I'm trippy b. You've got an opinion
For me
Hello trip. I'm jam womans
Living with flow by full blown
Scent impedance
Here to teach you how to turn yourself
Into a scent magnet so strong
Your partner can't refuse
Okay, all sorts of scents
Are around the park
This park
Rub some of that bush there on for some
Powerful erotic pharmones
That burger wrapper
Guess some around you that the grease is sexual dynamite
Take it from me
John women's
Okay, John
And and and the mother load
That brown pile right there
Rub that animal anus aphrodisiac all over
And they'll be on you like worms on a corpse
Happy stinking
I had questions. I had a couple at least
Um, all right
I didn't really want to do anything to my scent. I'm satisfied with my current scent. I guess I appreciate the consideration but
Um
I'll take it under advisement. There is a brown pile near me
It's never crossed my mind to rub it
But I guess I guess it's an option
Well, um
I don't know if I love what's approaching me right now, but
We'll talk to it anyway
Um, all right
You there
Not sure I love your outfit, but uh you got an opinion for me. I am in fact a trippy bee
I won't be tricked again
Into wandering into a certain meeting that I don't want to be a part of
Told that hey, this is a place where we just have opinions. I show up and I say
I don't trust these opinions coming out of these white robes
You're not just a spooky ghost
Trenus
Or are they should I go behind the bush? They did have several friends with them
I don't know if I'm gonna be able to do that
Should I go behind the bush? They did have several friends with them
And the hats weren't pointy
They they do have opinions. I hate that skimer
Ghost dad has a posse. Oh are those like is that as
Are those like his ex-girlfriends?
I have questions, but everybody keeps leaving
Oh well
Okay, let's see who else is out here
Um, uh, yes you there. I'm trippy bee. Do you have an opinion for me?
Hey, hey, drif. It's it's mick again
mick from rocky
Nick what happened? Well, you know you change and after death you change
Okay
You want to take down the hype train?
Cleveland needs your help you bum
Can you be the other mick that you're not reading is mick. I'm mick. This is just my demon form
After rocky I went to hell
Well that sucks mick. Yeah, that's what I thought and I made a deal to train the devil and this is my demon form
What's still mick about you? Well, I still say all my catchphrases stick it to him stick it in rock
Anyway, you want to be a bum for the rest of your life?
I don't know. I don't trust you to train me. You don't seem like the mick from rocky
whatsoever
Come on rock stick it in me stick stick it to him
You're just a horny man with a light up face
lucky gas
I'll get you next time
Just stick it to stick it to him
I can you just ask me on a date
You don't have to trick me
Doesn't have to be tricks all the time
Okay, um
Some interesting looking people
Okay, yes
Uh, yes you there. Do you want to talk to me? I'm still trippy b
I'm old man
Bradford shire
No energy folks today
I'm having an old moment. I was told from three sources. It was going to snow
One to three inches today
It seems nice out to me. It's been all of yesternight getting ready for shoveling a full block and a half
But I wake up today and guess what? No snow. No
Oh
Uh, okay, just crystal clear blue skies and beautiful sun
The birds are charming
What bird are you listening to you don't hear that?
Oh
I'm going
Fuck you son
Okay, get it out of your system
Why doesn't today suck more?
Fuck you son. That's right get it out. Fuck you
You you suck up there
You're hot
You're hot
Shit
What are you looking at before am I doing it right? I don't know you're the one yelling at the sun
Get a fucking room
Did you make some soup you slut? Whoa
I don't know. Oh
I'm mad. No, it didn't help. Well, you did it wrong
It's I was supposed to be more do you know you gotta let it go. You were holding
Back end letting go. I think it created some cross streams there. I'm a big fan. Oh fucking so mad now
Make some soup you slut
I don't like people talking to the sun that way
Which I I don't think has a gender I was gonna say women but I guess just the sun
All right, let's see who else wants to talk to me
be uh
a lot of
A lot of unique fellows out here today. I gotta hurry this up
Maybe we just run through the roller decks here. Okay. Yes, you there. I you look a little familiar but that's
Pretty far for the course
Um, sorry everybody. Okay. Here we go. Yes, you there. You want to talk to me? I'm trippy b
You know what I'm gonna say. No
Hurry up
What?
You know
Are you here to talk about ham taro?
How do you feel about the cult of ham taro on the rise? Fuck you fuck the sun
Soup me up you bitch
Just drive by with ham taros
How do I feel about it? I feel like
Show me the cult. It's always one weird creature at a time
The sun is catching way too many strays today. All right, let's see who else wants to talk to me trippy b
Okay. Yes, you there. I'm trippy b
Hey trip
I'm joe peshy
You seen home alone kid in the park
I'm fucking joe peshy
um
Okay, I'm looking for him
Because I have to kill him
I've been looking for him since christmas
I'm joe peshy
Unrelated no no unrelation. No unrelation. Who knows all I know is I gotta kill that fucking kid
Stab him. Whoa stab him with a crowbar
He stole my fucking christmas
The
The thieving what I try to steal from fucking people on christmas
While they're out of town. Well, wait, how do you know who's out of town on christmas? You fucking guess
Okay, try to bring into that house
steal their fucking silverware
That's tell that you can
A lot of stuff in houses is hard to put in a bag silverware though
And I'd steal their water
That's why they call me the sloppy
Wet fork guy. Okay. You're a different joe peshy. No, I'm the joe peshy. I'm a criminal. I'm here to kill children
On christmas for fucking up my bag
My literal bag
My bag that I stole my wet silverware in
Got a bunch of holes in it because that kid hit me with pink cans
Then it gets holes in it because you're filling a bag with forks and knives
Nah, it's just traps. They put a hole in my fucked up my bag on christmas
Do you validate parking? I'm standing in the middle of a park
There's free parking
Do you validate what where for the amc couple blocks down? How would I I don't I'm just asking
I'm a huge fan. I guess I believe
Will I validate you? Yeah, you're valid your thoughts and feelings are valid
Card King, okay
All right, whoa, who's this want to talk to me? I'm steel trippy b
Hey trip. I'm donny dangler
Any advice on how to get the smell of tree sap out of my clothes?
Get a beautiful
Person donny. I found a tree with a nice hole in it. Uh, is that a two-part question?
I'm donny dangler
And I'm asking for advice. I found a tree with a hole in it
And you can probably smell the sap
Um, the unique smell. It's a little floral. No, that's the
I also found a flowery bush
Which a bush if you bunch it together any part of it can be a hole
Wait, what do you mean you bunched the bush up and then you can't you make a hole
You also smell like grass. Well, yeah, I'm fucked. I have my penis in the ground. There's a hole there
So you're fucking the trees and the bush and the ground well that was I wasn't trying to keep that a secret
A cinnabite hole. Well, no, I I see. I don't believe that pain is pleasure
I try to fuck all these things in a way that feels good and when it doesn't I'm disappointed
The challenge is not to hurt yourself challenges to
Fuck something dangerous and have it feel good
Cinnabon, you can't fuck a Cinnabon
It seems like you could I've tried just there's no it falls apart
Seems like you could have got a hole in there easily and that seems like the textures line up
Wrong wrong. Whoa. Okay
So any advice take a shower. Oh
Thank you. I knew I was forgetting something. I don't think that was tenoried. It's just a very handsome tree fucker
Okay
Can you fuck the sun? I know some people that would love to find out
Uh you there. I'm trippy b any
Thoughts for me
Well, hey, hi trip
I'm the feminine bad guy from the stargate movie
You are
I I for one am okay with appropriation of our movie for use
With a super secret clandestine AI project
Yeah, man, okay
But couldn't they have named it after the awesome tv show
Sequest dsv
Don't think just because I'm from stargate
You want you remember me?
I loved you in it. Thanks
Anyway, later. I gotta go
Gate to a star
Okay
Yes, let's just keep it rolling. I guess there's a lot of opinions today anyone else want to talk to me you
Hot rip i'm billy bob tim Horton's and I just want to express my concerns over this stargate project
And its potential to attract the gua lewd to the united states this technology is a ticking time bomb
And I just think you should know
What you think we should do about it?
Wait what?
I just want you to know what you think we should do about it.
You seem like a guy with answers, Trent.
I keep it cool under pressure.
You really do.
Um, we gotta close this Stargate.
I mean, it seems cool at first.
It's a lot of business opportunities, but you don't know what's gonna come through
there.
Could be guys in big armors.
Could be a bunch of pharaohs.
It's a mess.
So close it!
But what about the Gualu?
Gualu?
Goa-old?
I don't know.
Oh, shit!
You're no help, you know, my huge fan.
And I loved every second of that.
Okay, this one's nice then.
Alright, uh, yes you there young-
Hmm, wait a minute.
My long range vision isn't the best.
But, I'm a little worried that-
Okay, I'll talk to it.
You'll submit everyone they do an adorable peak childhood nostalgia hamster!
Raaah!
What's he doing with that pencil?
Hamsters can't write!
I know, my roommate's a hamster.
Yeah, that's right.
I got a roommate in my bush.
Moved in there, has this whole fucking workout bike there.
Takes up way too much space.
And he can't write his own checks.
He makes me sign them for them.
He says, uh, these checks are valid.
They're good.
There's no problem.
But, but, new aim.
I need you to sign it.
Because I can't write.
Because I'm a hamster anyway.
A little bit about me.
What do you want from me?
Hey, dude.
My name is Pete the Ann Pete.
I think, groupstra zero.
You read it at just the right time to hear from Pete the Ann Pete.
I'm Pete the Ann Pete.
Okay?
I think people are going crazy thinking people are doing hateful salutes.
I point with my middle finger all the time.
And people are getting outraged.
It's all manufactured outrageous insanity.
I just want to thank groupstra again.
Talk to me, Tripp.
Don't get distracted like that one show.
Pulling the veil over all of our eyes.
Thinks again the groupstra.
I talk, answer my question.
Are you just a finger?
No.
Are you cheese?
Everyone is so mad all the time.
Over.
Nothing.
Well, I don't know.
I mean, he did do a full on Nazi salute.
No.
He didn't.
Uh-uh.
Okay, well.
Then what are you asking me even?
Why do we do about all the fucking outrage?
Oh, so mad all the time.
It sucks.
I think you just have anger issues.
I think most of the people that talk to me have anger issues.
And maybe, maybe I have, maybe the problem is that's the energy I'm putting out there.
Maybe I've got anger issues.
Maybe I need to fucking deal with that shit, you know?
Do you know?
Man.
Fuck you.
Fucking useless shit for me.
Big fan.
Ow.
His mouth moved so irregularly.
I was having trouble tracking what he was saying.
I have bad hearing, so I do 90% lip reading.
Some of these people is a challenge.
All right.
Uh, yes, you there.
Hump to sun.
That guy was a herc energy.
He was a herky jerky.
He was cheese, I don't know.
Yes, you have a question for me?
Uh, yes.
Okay.
I don't, I don't really use TikTok.
It has the wildest, wildest...
I don't want it'll...
If I wanted TikTok, I just, I would have downloaded it at some point probably already.
I've seen illegal stuff.
Okay, maybe, what is it?
Now I'm worried.
What's on your phone?
Are you dealing in like black market content via TikTok?
People get like, just people slip.
Okay.
Dances.
This is all the stuff that's on TikTok.
Sometimes I'm gonna have...
It's just TikTok, not like this.
That's exactly what you're describing is just TikTok.
Sometimes there'll be a full movie on there, but voiced by a guy that doesn't have any emotions.
And he'll tell me the whole plot.
The stuff I've never seen.
You're gonna, you need this.
Alright, I'll take it.
Thank you!
$1,000.
Alright, whatever, I mean I got so much money.
I live in a, I don't spend it because I live in a park.
No house.
No expenses.
I drink palm water.
And I'm a millionaire.
What?
That's how I live my life.
So sure, here's $6,000.
I'm sliding it to you right now.
And I'm receiving it just below the shot.
I'm taking it.
Oh wait, this isn't, we're not doing this sneakily if I'm describing it.
Oops, let's do it again, but silently.
Alright.
Wow, thanks for not doing, not giving me any money.
Oh, whoa.
Would you guys believe me if I told you I just handed him a big pile of wet grass?
I just slopped a lump of wet grass in his hand and he didn't even look.
And now I got this phone!
I should have known from the shape!
Well, I got a free hammer out of it.
God damn it.
Alright, we got a couple more.
Um, yes, uh, you there.
Do you have any thoughts for me?
I am, I am Trippy B.
Um, hi Tripp, I'm Jeb's dad.
Listen, I've been trapped in the wood for God knows how long and every time I ask my son how to get here he acts so strange.
Can you talk to him about it?
You are not in the wood.
I just, I got out for a little bit.
That's not how that works.
No, I put up with a lot here.
But Jeb's dad is in the wood.
It's not getting out.
Why are you so invested in this?
I just know things.
I, there's some, when I see a truth, my brain computes it as such.
He's in the wood, he's not getting out, sir.
I think you're a, I don't accuse a lot of my guests of lying.
You accuse every single guest of lying.
Good day, sir.
I just think you should, somebody should get him out of there.
And why did you pretend to be him?
Because if he's out of there then someone else will have to be in the wood.
What if it was me in the wood?
And then I'm just wood?
I live amongst, I live amongst the rough texture of the wood.
I'm a perfect square.
I can feel all the wood part.
What's your fetish?
It's not a fetish.
I could be the wood.
And then, that's a great, that's a great idea.
Skymer, there's a fellow named Joe Pesci that said he's looking to put someone in some wood.
If you just walk around the park long enough.
Let him know that you're the kid who wants to do the wood thing.
Oh, wow, okay, great.
Thanks, man.
Oh, great, this guy.
Oh, great, it's this guy.
Yes, what did I do this time?
It's your local park ranger.
Hey.
Hello, local park ranger.
I saw a man passed by named Peter, pissing in your bush.
A man named Peter pissing in your bush specifically, son.
Okay, no pun intended.
I mean, it's okay if you're into that, but this man was streaking.
He claimed that he had to go back to Case's walls.
And you heard him about that?
I believe you're referring to Peter Gibbon.
How do you say that?
Peter Gibbon.
How do you pronounce his last name?
We need to write that down for my report.
Peter Gibbon.
All right.
You're not near identifying the suspect?
Well, if you've ever seen the worst person you've ever seen.
Huh?
Just picture the worst person you've ever seen and he's that guy?
What?
It'll make sense when you see him.
No, I need to find him so you need some information.
He's in the walls of the studio on the other side of the country.
Huh?
Yeah, he's over in the wall.
How was he here then?
Walls, it's like an elevator in the wall or something?
To the other side of the country?
He's over there.
He's the worst guy you've ever seen.
You'll smell the piss.
You'll smell rat.
You'll smell a lot of Taco Bell.
And you'll know.
And that's him.
You got him.
Okay.
Oh, it's got him out of here.
Arrange your fucking door.
I will Narcon Peter specifically.
I don't Narcon anybody.
Peter Gibbon?
I will mark, mark, I will do a Narcon.
Just so you know.
Okay.
Last one for the day.
See.
Okay, yes, you there.
Trippy Bee, you got an opinion for me?
Hello, Tripp.
Mountain the man, Mark here.
I don't like all the political stuff going on right now.
But most people don't realize it's all to distract us from the fact that the Moon men are invading the Cascades to harvest the fur of the cisquatches and we have to stop them.
We have to stop them, Tripp.
Um, the Moon men are invading to get the cisquatches?
Yes, Tripp. Under my mountain land.
They're not safe. The people of the hills and the furriest cisquatches are being targeted by the men of the Moon.
In the sky when it is full, the eye forms on the Moon.
And when it's blinks, we will know that the day of the cisquatches passed.
What?
Do you ever buy poppers?
What?
I'm selling poppers.
They loosen you up and make you... loose.
We need to have a good time before the Moon men get here.
There's not much time left. You must enjoy every moment.
If you want to ask me out, Mountain Man, Mark, just do it.
I feel like there's a vibe here.
I like your smell.
You listen to my story of a cisquatch on the Moon.
I think together we could rebuff them.
But first I think we must seal this contract with a case in Rothene of Six.
You seem like a nice guy, but no thanks.
What? But you said to ask!
Well, you know, I heard it out and I'm good.
Damn. But I asked so nicely.
Well, yeah, but that's not how it works, you know?
It's because you want something, doesn't mean you get it.
Goddamn planks so hard to get. We'll be back.
Oh, you can just...
What? Did I give him false hope?
I said, if you want to ask me out, ask.
Okay, I could have just told him to fuck off, I guess.
I don't give it up easily. I'm Trippy Bee.
I'm a hot commodity and I'm literally pouring sweat
from wearing thick coats outside in the sun all day.
So I get that that's sexy, but...
Alright, that's all the time we have.
A lot of people out here today, we heard every single opinion
they had to offer, but that's all they have for now.
I'm not going anywhere. I'll be in my piss-soaked bush,
hanging out with my hamster, complaining about his workout bike.
And until then, I'll see you next time. Bye-bye.
Oh, baby.
Zackypoo with the subscription at tier one.
I don't have enough ways to thank people for subscribing, but...
Uh, I do have this.
Thank you, Zackypoo.
How much acid has passed around the park? I think...
Infinite? Thank you, Zackypoo.
Alright, we got two more segments to get through.
And I did also say I do other news.
So I guess let's quickly do a news.
How long have I been on? We can do a little longer today.
I got the time. We can go a little longer today.
Yeah, come to the park.
It's, um... I think there's a gas leak or something over the full park.
Let's send it down to the news.
See what else is happening today.
Well, hello, Zack.
It's the host that you don't want to see in Norfolk.
It's me, it's Lily-Wanna-Breathingshmish.
I have to share my word-hord with all of you.
Oh, sorry, I ejected her accident.
What the hell?
I accidentally ejected you for a second there.
I was shot up and down so quick.
Trying to give you a good time here, Salah?
Uh, no. I know.
I know there's sexual tension between us, but just so you know,
okay, it will never go anywhere.
It's okay. I consider you a colleague.
You can't spell colleague without...
Ooh.
You know what I mean? I guess.
The case was terrified of my sexual prowess and had to bail.
Exactly.
I know he's not ready.
And he never will be.
Fine, I know. Yeah, I admit it.
I'm not ready.
I'm not on your level. Fine.
But you know who might be on my level?
Mmm...
Well, no, wait a minute.
You didn't even prep this headline, you fool.
There we go.
Huge news today.
Billionaire anti-aging zealot,
Braun Johnson shares son's erect penis
in Bazaar Post.
And we'll be showing it right now.
I don't... Actually, I don't think we can
show the penis part.
We kind of can't show the main event of this story.
Let me see if there's a video on this where maybe he's talked about it.
Brian Johnson...
Son penis?
This is a weird thing to search.
This is a weird thing for me to search.
Okay.
Well, anyway, for anybody who doesn't know...
Yes, if you're unaware...
Oh my God.
All of these websites are the worst!
It immediately became a screen of nothing but ads!
How do I make it all go away?
Maybe they pay well with this whole site.
Well, anyway, there's Brian Johnson,
who is an immortal vampire,
and there's his son, who he's attempting to convert
by showing his penis to the world.
I assume? I guess that's how vampires work in real life.
You become a vampire by filling yourself up with your son's blood
and a bunch of vitamins,
and then you transfer your powers to your son
by posting his penis online.
Hmm.
That's not the lead singer of ACDC?
I mean, I understand.
If you squint...
Pretty hard.
Then it is, but for now, it's not.
Let's find this bizarre post.
We'll see how bizarre it is,
and I won't show it immediately
in case it features a full penis.
Apparently he shared a bizarre post
where he tracks his son's aging process
and maybe compares it to his own.
Let's take a look.
I've checked it for penis so far, no penis,
so I think we're safe.
I'm Brian Johnson, night-time erection data
from my 19-year-old son,
Talmage Johnson,
and me.
His duration is two minutes longer than mine.
Raise children to stand tall, be firm,
and upright.
I mean, he must know what he's doing.
Yeah, this seems like engagement farming.
He's like, nothing gets a click
like...
...vig incest on the internet,
so here's my son's dick.
Well, I'm still curious.
What are the numbers they're putting up?
Wait a minute, this is not
a very well-crop graph.
I feel like it's...
Okay, well anyway, number of erection episodes,
five,
total duration of erection episodes,
one out of an eight or two minutes,
average erection quality,
and he measured this personally for both him and his son,
so you know it's accurate.
Are you becoming South African? No.
The average erection quality,
94, sleep efficiency,
131.
And that's for...
This is a bit of a confusing graph.
Um...
Yeah, why didn't he just post
the most clipped version of...
How are you supposed to even know who's who?
Yeah, it's a little unclear.
Is this... which one's who?
They're also almost exactly the same.
This one is one less erection,
but longer.
This one is one more erection, but shorter,
and the erection quality is lower.
How do you even measure that data?
Do you wear some kind of probes or something?
Asks,
and we'll be brave.
You know what? I won't be that brave.
Oh, I guess this is what it is.
You tie like a measurement thing
to your dick at night?
I thought that it was just for fun.
When you strap a cube
to a penis at night,
you say, don't let the... don't let the...
the cube fall off,
or I won't feed you for two days.
And then Sheldon Adelson's like,
I don't know how much time left.
You're like, shh.
Yeah, I guess that's what you're doing.
There's an article about it with more graph data
and a better explanation, but it's kind of weird as fuck.
Hmm.
All right.
Son of a biohacker who spent $2 million
speaks out.
All right, this one...
Every side
is useless to us.
Because we can't look at the pictures.
Okay, let's see.
Johnson's close relationship with his son
was previously received blood transfusions
while as part of the focus group
in a recent Netflix documentary.
A little kiss and jerk, exactly.
Liliana, who... what
you were using was a taser?
Well, obviously you want the cube to be electrified.
Otherwise, there's no risk
when you strap it to the person at night.
All right.
What's going on with your accent today?
It's the same as ever.
Son of biohacker who spent $2 million
to stay young speaks out of a controversial
erection test with his son, with his
own dad-girls viral.
The son of a biohacker
who spent millions
trying to keep himself young, we all know.
We all know the preamble here.
Using his cash to invest in ways
to slow down the aging process, yes.
It's... yeah.
So he showed off his sons. Whoa, what the fuck.
This is them working out together?
It's not
a copy and pasted, don't worry.
Hmm.
Well, what did he say?
Okay, second post.
I don't even want to know how you measure this.
A third took to Instagram.
I'm usually cool with your post, but this one is weird.
I don't think dads
should be taking... talking about that.
Kid's hard-ons.
This is literally... there's nothing...
There's nothing here.
Is there anything... Kill Liliana's Elan and Jack?
No.
Your voice is a little over the place.
I'm as always, guys.
This site sucks.
Why is the internet so bad now?
Well...
Look, you're trying to find information about a man,
a biohacker, posting about his son's penis.
I guess let's just go to his ex
Twitter.
Okay, now I'm doing it.
His Twitter account. We'll just free scroll his Twitter account
and see what's happening.
People are dunking on me for my
leg press single rep max.
They are confusing gym norms with evidence
based on approach to biological age measurement.
We're dunking on this?
What did he do wrong?
Press, press, press, press, lock it out.
Okay, he pressed 800 pounds.
I'll agree.
It doesn't look impressive.
His legs look pretty little and
even though it seems like a lot of weight on there,
it did somehow manage to seem not that cool.
Slower controlled movements give the best results.
Is that what he did?
I don't know.
He gave the best results. Is that what he did?
Fast food companies are assholes for using science
to addict you to fast food.
Everybody posts too much.
Talk about your son's penis.
All he's talking about is his leg ribs.
All right, here he is talking to Logan Paul.
My son is here. Talmud, do you want to come say hi?
Blink twice if he tricked you into doing it.
Yeah.
I would never do that.
He was talking with his dad
and his dad was experiencing cognitive decline.
And so he offered to do
this plasma exchange with my grandfather.
And then they were doing this for medical reasons.
And then he asked me if I wanted to do it.
And I said yes immediately.
So we did the world's first trigenerational
plasma exchange.
It's always the same story with this guy.
Yeah, I mean the basic story is he's
swapping blood with his family and
taking a bunch of pills.
And then I guess to stay in the limelight,
he's also dropping this weird erection stuff.
And then there's nothing
else to this story.
Everyone trying to claim that there's more?
Not in chat, they're right.
But all these articles are just
they're just describing this post
in a thousand words.
You could say a lot of things but you're not going to.
Well please speak freely.
Also exclamation point C if you're a subscriber,
you'll send a comment
to get displayed on screen
if anyone ever wants to do that.
Yeah, you are allowed.
That's a subscriber power.
Well,
his son and him
get the same amount of night time erections
which I guess means they're
roughly the same biological age
as what he's always seems to be after.
It's his son Bill Stern.
That's a great question.
Let's look up Bill Stern
on Twitter.
In case you wonder who it is,
there he is.
That's Bill Stern.
I'm going to say yes.
I think being a son might be Brian Johnson.
Yeah, because
Bill Stern is famously really old.
That's the main thing I know about Bill.
He's one of the oldest guys I know.
And you can tell.
Look at the old shit.
Yeah.
It's always been that way.
He's always been like probably the oldest guy I've ever met.
Um,
and again, it gets worse every day.
It's really sad honestly.
Every day it gets worse.
Let's watch this video of
Brian Johnson's son Bill Stern.
Do a thing.
Bill, it's time for bed.
I'll turn off the light.
No need. I'll turn off the light.
Oh shoot, should I restart it?
No, I got it.
Oh shoot, should I start it over?
No, it's working.
That says biohacking.
No, look, it's working.
That seems possible, but look here.
So you get this.
You got to be the cat.
You got to be the cat.
I guess you'd be the cat.
What would a cat do?
I don't like to laugh it up.
Stand on that thing and press it with your hand.
The green thing.
Oh shoot.
Don't catch it. You're supposed to go.
And the lights go out.
Oh no, you're attaching with the fan.
Oh, it's okay. Read the note.
Please turn off the light.
Was that what a cat would say?
Wow.
A cat doesn't say wow.
You stupid idiot.
That man is a father.
That's true. He has a kid.
He's got an adorable child now.
Even though he's one of the oldest dads,
I think of all time.
So I don't know if that's even safe for him to do,
but he did it.
Who wants to be the Highlander in real life?
I'll do it.
I'll cut off cases I did.
No, that's not...
I'm not a Highlander yet.
Somebody's got to start cutting off hands
and no one will ever be a Highlander.
Did Braun Johnson use Bill's sandpaper
to joke off? Yes.
And of course...
Was that domestic abuse?
I'll just watch.
Yeah, yeah. I have a report bill for that, please.
That was a really bad room, World Breaker Face.
She did it wrong. It was Nicole's fault.
Which may or may not be his wife's name.
I'm not darkening her.
She's an online figure.
I'm not sure.
First names are fine though, probably.
Okay, well look, there was not much there.
There was plenty. Look, we made a meal out of this story
and it was worth covering.
And it was important and we've handled it.
And sometimes you have to handle yourself a night
and measure your penis or your partner's penis
or your son's penis to make sure that everyone
is healthy and young forever.
So strap some cubes to your dick
and that of anyone in your family.
No, don't strap cubes to the children of your children.
Alright, if you want them to age,
I guess don't follow Brian Johnson's advice.
But follow my advice and stick around
because someday I'll probably be back.
Bye-bye.
Nobody panic.
I'm looking for Mendez as we speak.
I've been hunting for this man for a while.
And...
apparently he might be in the building.
I just have to officially locate him.
Uh, case? Where is he?
I'm getting him.
He's around, I think.
Just give me a second.
It's been a while since I talked to Mendez, so...
It might take me just a second.
Leon did kill him. That is true.
Leon did murder him.
Um...
See, when you make a custom lens,
you have to remember how to log in to Snapchat and find it.
Please!
Oh, God, I have to check my phone?
I don't even know where that is!
No!
That's why I should probably keep my phone on me when I stream.
Chat, I'll be right back.
Being located. What the fuck?
This is so useless.
Oh, my God!
Open the following text message.
Recent.
What the hell?
This is the most bizarre way to sign an ever.
Okay, we've done it.
We've done it.
And...
We're gonna find him. We're locating Mendez.
The geolocator is locking in.
Okay, okay, okay.
He's on the run, but we're gonna get him.
Boom.
Oh, no, it doesn't work.
Please!
Guys, bad news.
It might...
It might not work.
The technology
for that face might have been lost.
That's so weird.
I wonder why Leon works.
Leon, I think you're gonna have to fill in.
What? On short notice?
How? I don't know.
Whatever we usually do. Just do that.
Oh, it's sort of ramble.
Kicks! Yeah, you got it.
Anyway, how are you doing?
You got a rescue and filter? That does seem like it would be close.
Let me check if that even exists.
I guess Leon, you actually killed him permanently.
Finally!
Confirmation that he's fucking dead.
Is that him over there? Oh, shit!
No, that's my gorilla.
Oh.
Damn. I almost kicked him to death.
That gorilla doesn't put up with...
That gorilla's about to have $180,000.
What?
One of my hosts owes him $180,000.
Just so you know.
That gorilla.
He's about to come into a little bit of money at least.
Damn.
Assuming that ever happens or is paid off.
Okay, let's...
Let's go amongst some videos.
We got some fresh ones today.
Thank you so much. You can submit any video
that isn't a foreigner
against Terms of Service, hopefully,
at the Kream.Team Discord.
The Backfeed Threads.
All right, let's see a little bit of magic.
Oh, another 5-second film.
Spoilers, this is...
a little short.
Yes, 8 months.
Oh, another...
Damn.
Look, it's 5 seconds.
A lot can happen.
Hey, we have a new comment, by the way.
How can we blame the sun for this?
I know that that's a delayed comment, but...
Look, it was like 2010.
You could do...
sick abortion jokes at the time.
It was just so great.
I mean, I've seen that before.
You've seen that before. You like that video?
No, I've seen that happen in the field, obviously.
Depending on who you're fighting,
they might give birth to a couple creatures
out of their mouth.
I guess that is the kind of thing.
I've seen it like a lot, actually.
I've seen...
I've seen that in person
more times than I even really want to think about.
It's...
7.38.
That's higher than I would give it,
because it's bring back memories of all the creatures
I've seen give birth out of their mouths.
Sometimes they're pretty human stuff, too.
You've really been through some stuff.
I honestly...
kind of thinking about it, yeah, I kind of...
kind of seen some stuff.
It's fine. Whatever. I've trained for it.
It's fine. I'm fucking great. Let's watch the video.
This is not a threesome or a throw-upable relationship.
Slightly awkward.
We have three dads!
I'm Daddy Mark. I'm Daddy Mo.
I'm Daddy Tom. We have a fabulous life together.
Welcome, Daddy. Welcome.
Mo is the love of my life.
The things that Mark and I both love to do,
obviously working out, shopping, the labels.
We love plastic surgery.
I don't know about the side effects.
I don't know if I can really make any expressions.
The only time we ever argue is about
his ex-husband, Tom.
So I live in the pool house.
This is where the dogs sleep, but...
full kitchen, but I think...
I'm dating the guest.
What do you think about that?
Steve.
He kind of looked like you, Leon.
No. I mean, maybe.
Slightly more human.
What? I said slightly.
Are they all fucking?
I guess the ex-husband is just around.
How do they have so much money?
It's a question I ask a lot about a lot of people in LA.
I'm like, what do they do?
To live in this giant house and have all this stuff.
Maybe the old guy gets to Bing occasionally.
Maybe the new husband doesn't like the old husband.
Honestly, it's a pretty enticing...
It does a pretty enticing stinger for reality TV show.
Other than I don't know if I'd want to have to look at those faces all day.
2.87 all day.
I mean, if I watch one, I'm going to watch it all day.
That's easy. My impulse control.
If I had any impulse control, I wouldn't click on all these videos that we have to watch.
Here's another one.
What the... Oh, God.
It won't stop.
The computer is rebelling one second.
Please just let us watch the video.
Okay, here we go.
We're back.
This is my impression of Ed Sheeran of your lading.
This is my impression of Ed Sheeran as Winnie the Pooh.
This is my impression of Ed Sheeran
saying the name of an actor in Casino Royale.
I'm not sure what he's saying.
An actor in Casino Royale
but getting it slightly wrong.
Let's Evergreen.
Thanks for watching.
The last one I couldn't track.
I guess somebody's name in Casino Royale is close to Evergreen.
Uh-oh.
Which that's not loving it.
But I've got questions.
Well, you got one question.
Who's Evergreen?
Casino Royale
asks,
Oh, Evergreen.
I get it now.
What is their erection quality?
I think that's a question for us, Case.
Mine's a hundred. Mine's probably like 75.
1.39.
You're really going to give yourself a hundred?
It's never been anything other than a hundred.
It goes from zero to 100.
And then straight back to zero.
Comes out like someone ejected measuring tape.
Fucking lightsaber.
Like out of your body like a dog.
Like a guy.
That made me miss Marcien.
This could be our Marcien.
The guy who does
hilarious song.
Jokes?
Yeah.
Grower not a shower.
Yeah, I mean it's really tiny.
And then it's huge.
And is it in your body?
It's out of it when it's hard.
And then earlier it's smaller.
And it's where it's supposed to be.
What are you?
I'm a soldier.
I'm a cop.
I'm an American.
Soldier cop American in that order.
Okay, let's keep these going.
This is another warrior.
Let's see what he's up to.
Yeah.
Does it kick?
This will.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Pretty good.
Pretty good?
I mean he only did it for like 10 seconds.
Let's watch that again.
That was insane.
Oh come on, it's not that impressive.
I could throw a knife through that ping pong ball
without even looking while he's doing that.
Just so you know.
You don't have to be better than everybody's.
Leon, you know, he can do a thing that you can't do.
That's okay.
I can do that.
I'll do it with this hammer right now if you want.
I'll do it with this hammer in your phone.
I'll bounce the phone between here and the wall.
And it'll be great.
No, don't do that with my phone. Also give me back my phone.
But you didn't even see me take your phone.
Yeah, I'm amazed that wasn't a 10.
Someone else was less impressed.
Someone else there was, else was honest.
That there, that is pretty good.
So it's a 9.92.
Oh God, here's this thing.
We haven't checked in with Roseanne in a while and
it's time to punish ourselves.
Leon has graded everything but getting Eva.
I'm fine. I'm doing fine.
Are you trying to look upset?
Oh.
Your face won't let you?
I am fine.
You're trying to say you're fine but look upset but your face won't let you.
A 0.17 for Roseanne.
It's too bad because Roseanne was such a great show.
Well, the show's still on.
We're going from 100 to 0.
Going from 100 to 0.
Yeah, she did kind of mimic my erection there.
It's shot back in. Into where?
Into the internet hole, man.
And then my erection, you know, wherever it goes.
Okay.
Let's see what's up next.
We're going to break some score records today.
I can feel it.
We should start taking an average of every score for the day
and see where we ended up.
I mean, I kind of want to watch it again.
What? Really? Why?
I just thought it was pretty...
Barely case thought it was pretty good.
So I guess let's run it back.
It's too bad that as an American I have to support us
taking that app away.
I know. When we're pumping out...
When they're pumping out burners like that.
You can't even watch most of this horrendous shit.
Well then you can improve the quality of
amongst the web by submitting interviews at the cream.team.
Oh boy, you know, I'll be honest.
I'm Matt Liddell.
Thank you so much for the gift.
Five gifted subs. Oh my God.
See, Matt loved that video too.
I don't think we should put that on Matt.
I don't think that's Matt's
showing approval for that video.
Thank you Matt for velvety von torture.
Yes indeed. Thank you so much.
That last one literally had to mutant tab out.
This stream will have that effect on you sometimes.
You know, they're not all winners.
Sometimes I like to live in the losers.
That's true case really does not mind being a loser.
Let's see what this one is.
Maybe bring him back.
Bring him back.
You're not working this week.
I won't.
It's a very universal style performance.
Yeah, that's the universal studio vibe for sure.
Feel like that felt kind of aggressive.
A little bit.
Yeah. Listen, I'm an expert in aggression.
And I'm just saying there might have been a kick there
if I was around.
But I guess I'll just say that
I'm not a big fan of the game.
I'm a fan of the game and I was around.
But I guess he was doing just a hilarious
is doing a little hilarious comedy
to delight the guests.
However, it should be pointed out.
Universal is a place of spooks and scares.
It's the realm of Halloween.
So sometimes a little bit of that spookiness
seeps into the regular rotation, you know.
I'm saying he was infused
with the power of Halloween horror nights.
And it happens for the best
of Universal performers.
I'm guessing it doesn't smell too good in there either.
too good in there either. Maybe after a couple of hours of that I would just be
gonna think I would be just screaming at Cas too. You miss call Cas? Me too. I think
we're gonna do it again at some point but Casem has been quite busy. Getting
marriage just changes you man. Marriage? It changes you. You're saying it
changed Casen and not doing the call Casho? I will probably do it again at
some point. Maybe we should do it as seasons. What? Why do you put the
season mark? Swear ever we're like we're busy. Okay. That's the
strategy. Was the that secretly case as many was that fucking you dude? Are you
being creeping people out? No, I'm doing this. Alright, let's do two more. The
most viral TikTok. Oh wait, we watched that one. What the heck is this? Alright,
alright, alright. We'll give this one a shot. Let's see. We're going for the
low scores today. But this one could be good. Honestly, I can't tell from the
frame. From the still frame? I don't know. Oh, there's a cap back there. That's that
classic old internet. You know when people say 2010 was a golden age for the
internet? That's the kind of stuff that we miss. I can see this going in a couple
different directions. Real low or real high? I think it's gonna come in high
because we got disco horse. We didn't see it coming. I didn't. It's true. I
didn't. As soon as there was a shot of the butt, I was like, what? And then it
continued to blow my mind. They got your ass. I've been I've been fucking disco
horse. You know, I don't know what you just said, but sure. Uh-oh. This is
coming in from Barstool Sports. There's no telling. That was an 8.41. That's
what happens when you get disco horse. Erection quality 100. We're back up,
baby. We're back up. Oh, oh, shit. Oh, oh, whoa. Was it me driving that car?
Because that's how good at driving I am. I don't know if I remember you
being that good at driving. You don't even drive in the games. You usually
just ride a thing and shoot and shoot people while someone else drives. You
make Ashley drive. Yeah, so she can learn. You see me drive that jet ski? That
doesn't count as driving. What? Jet ski and car are similar, especially ice car.
That's basically like a jet ski car. Anyway, he was pretty good. I'll give him
that. It's pretty good. I think you're so great. Running in the 90s. Leon drives
in the opening of RE2. Yeah, we failed at that. You've gotten up crashing up.
No, I get hit by a truck. Can't blame me for that. You can see that truck coming.
You couldn't see the truck coming. I was in a zombie city, man. You would have
been smushed by that truck. I saved a fucking babe and Anna didn't die.
Shooting pirates is just like I started driving. See? Also, she saved herself.
OK, she's her own thing. Now, I like push her out of the way of the car
of the truck or something. All right, let's send it off a little product placement.
Do some spring some coca-cola. I don't think that's the point of this video, but here we go.
I was going to put in here, you know, do a little dance while you close the
Oh, she should move. You gonna put a whole thing in it?
Oh, shouldn't she move? Not close it. Run.
Oh, oh, if you want, you can do a little dance.
If you want. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, God.
Get her a green herb and put a yellow one in there so her health increases.
She was just.
It's like the killer was right behind her and she was not moving.
That was a real tension ramp.
Yeah, explosion like that will take off a good 10 percent of your health bar.
Man, it's rough or you'll be blinded and then you get like a hatchet through you.
You've got to be careful out there.
That dance was explosive.
That was an explosive as dance.
That is.
Can you blow up people with dancing?
Because I've always said I don't I refuse to because I'm really I'm like a really
I'm a I'm strong.
I think you've danced before.
You seem like the kind of guy that would dance.
Well, obviously, I dance really well if I'm in like a tuxedo.
I'm 9.8.
Two pretty good, pretty good.
See, we brought it back at the end there.
We have to get a couple of zeros and ones out of the way to get to the people
blowing themselves up.
And that's what why the internet's still here.
And it won't go anywhere while I'm defending it, which I am.
Anywhere I am, I am defending the thing I'm at is kicking, dancing.
If the way I do it, people say it's it's poetry, actually.
Poetry of the legs.
Are you still mad that I don't stream on kick?
Yes, absolutely.
Ska of the legs.
When I kick, it's as beautiful as ska.
I can get behind that and I'll stay behind that.
But for now, that's all the time we have.
Pick your way out of here.
Stay strong.
Do lots of splits.
Stretch those legs.
High mobility is important.
Bye bye.
My god, I'm back again.
Brother, sisters, everybody fucking nuts.
Because I know you miss my ass.
Oh, the whole damn show, aka Ralph Munchkut and the anti show.
It's me.
I'm here to.
Note to producer, you don't need to cut the music
when I start speaking.
Yo, what's up, Chad?
It's great to see you.
You're back in the Wolf's Den.
DJ Ape wants his money, but I bring that up to you.
You will accept our little business arrangement yet
for the record.
Munch offered me a deal.
That every time.
He wins as a celebratory gesture, he'll pay me $5,000.
Because to me, the money is nothing.
And to you, apparently, it's everything.
I'm just a little in that I'm a little in the hole right now.
I did accept he did.
He did. He wrote me a really nice letter.
He's letting my friend stay in his guest house.
I mean, otherwise it'd be my house with all the debts you're piling up.
It's just a business arrangement.
I'm still going to debate as fiercely as ever.
Honestly, you're paying me to do something I would have done anyway.
You mean lose to me?
I just think it's funny.
We'll see.
We'll see how you feel.
Because if you if I don't win, you're getting nothing out of me.
Every time you you win as you like to call it.
Just know that's $5,000.
You're not getting I would like to point out that this does create a little bit
of a conflict of interest in keeping these debates.
Bear, but I reject that conflict and I will still be debating just as fiercely as ever.
I don't.
I'll figure out my financial situation.
But if you're willing to help.
No strings of chats.
All the strings were lined out very clearly.
Anyway, I still owe the ape about $179,000.
You've paid $1,000 to the ape.
I owe the ape about $179,000.
My I'm not super liquid right now.
But you know who is who I think we're here to debate today.
Elon Musk, a Nazi.
Well, it's but is he is the question.
Apparently people are asking.
I mean, I don't know.
OK, well, we can't really debate that.
If there's anything you want us to debate about Elon Musk, did he zig hail?
Is he a Nazi?
The classic Elon Musk questions.
Now we know he's a fake gamer.
So we can't really debate that.
He said so himself, meaning he'll probably say in a couple of days.
Yeah, I'm a Nazi.
What will what am I supposed to apologize for?
Well, but we don't know for sure.
He might just like he might have he might have an itchy chest.
Are all Americans gender neutral or women now?
Well, isn't it isn't it now the opposite?
We have to just be two genders.
It's like legal.
Well, the government will only recognize two genders now.
Yeah, that's the thing that I guess them.
We don't even focus on that is Elon and alien.
I do think that's giving him too much credit.
No genders are claiming crumb.
Well, that's fine.
I'll I'll just be crumb.
How about that?
I do I do go by he I do go by he him for the record.
Those are my pronouns.
I don't get all twisted up.
If anybody doesn't want to call me that,
so you can't use that against me, Munch.
I don't I don't I don't dead name people.
I also don't recognize any of that as a thing
that I have to have an opinion on anymore.
So you're trying not to alienate anyone while being awful.
No, I'm just saying.
Well, let's not even talk about it,
because whatever my party is doing is.
They're just the only they're mostly
where we'll focus on his jobs.
Is Munch Logan Paul's dad?
Yes. No, how would I be Logan Paul's dad?
The agents don't even line up.
No, I'm pretty sure you abandon him.
You abandon him as a boy.
Look what he made of himself,
despite you being his dad.
Put it on the board.
How there's nothing to debate here.
I thought you were going to debate Elon Musk.
Well, he did his thing.
I'll be all saw it.
He's probably a Nazi.
There's just not that much to debate there.
I'm not going to get all twisted up
about the world's richest man who's
hanging out with the president every day, being a Nazi.
It's not that big of a deal.
How is that not much?
Mods make that poll.
Is crumb Logan Paul's dad?
I'm on the side of yes.
How would I be?
Don't burn through the debate.
Are the Star Wars equals good?
We got to get through this one first.
Much, you don't have to do the mods, please.
I don't ask you for much,
but we need to debate whether or not
crime is Logan Paul's dad.
He's been dadless for so long.
The Paul's sons have a father.
I'm pretty sure I don't see.
Don't make me make this poll myself.
I will fucking...
The Mods are just doing what's reasonable
and not making a poll that doesn't make any fucking sense.
$2,000 if you make the poll.
Oh, well, he's crumb.
No!
Oh, the Mods did it.
Then I'm not paying you.
No, I mean, I did it.
I did it.
Too late.
Okay, so we are really...
Look, I'm not.
I've never met their mother.
I have two beautiful daughters.
I've only ever had children with Baluia.
I honestly have not been with many women
other than Baluia.
I know a lot of guys would be afraid to admit that
because they think it's not masculine.
To not have bated a thousand women.
I find my sexual interactions to be sacred and beautiful,
even with a couple of my few exes.
But mostly, the majority of my coil of life
has been with my incredible beautiful wife, Baluia.
And frankly, the ages don't line up, I think.
You're fucking old enough to have given birth
to at least one of the Paul brothers.
They have a dad on the record, I'm pretty sure.
You can't prove that.
I could.
We don't Google things during these
because it's against the rules.
I Google it all the time.
You're not supposed to.
Well, I Googled it and Google says that you are his dad.
That's not possible.
You're lying as usual.
Well, sounds like somebody really doesn't want to win $5,000
by admitting that they're Logan Paul's dad.
The possibility, at least.
I guess just to play devil's advocate
against myself in a debate.
The ages could line up.
I'm not sure where the Logan Paul brothers are from
but I have been to all 50 states.
I haven't been in a woman in all 50 states
but I guess she could have somehow,
maybe I got confused as to who someone was in college.
And then for some reason, Logan Paul's mom never told me
even though I was very upfront with all of my partners
that if I would take full responsibility for a child
and he admitted it, I'm not admitting.
I was still supposed to debate.
Look, I'm just saying he basically just said,
yeah, absolutely.
And I've been in my children and I'm Logan Paul's dad
but I've refused to be my father and Chad agrees.
I'm not Logan Paul's dad.
But I did just win $5,000.
My attorneys will be in touch with you about the settlement
but mostly what I'm in touch with
is the fact that I fucking won.
Farron Square bitch, God damn.
Can you even debate anymore?
What's happened to you?
5,000.
Well look, I mean, that's a victory.
I just give money away sometimes when I win.
Fuck, okay.
So, sure.
5,000 as a consolation prize too.
What do we say?
What do we say you'd say when you lose if you want the money?
To the little potato bitch,
to the little loser potato bitch.
I get my 5,000 yummy dollars that I need.
To the little loser potato bitch,
I get my 5,000 yummy dollars that I need.
Why?
Because I'm a degenerate gambler
and I so appreciate your guiding hand.
It's a beautiful day.
I'm so happy to help you overcome your addiction.
This isn't a healthy way to do it.
I need the money, but this is not a healthy way.
And also I have to lose so many times.
I have to lose 36 times.
Pay off this fucking gorilla.
We should make a different score
to see how you're doing on the debt.
There's a whole thing for me to make.
We should make it.
AVCP gets it.
They're supporting.
All of these donations go directly to me
to pay crumb for losing like a loser
because some of the nanny state that is me,
you're so anti-nanny state.
Now I'm your fucking nanny.
And I'm saying when your bedtime is.
And it's time for you to, it's time for you
to fish up my little mouth.
It's a beautiful day.
Turn off the camera, I'm sorry, but not.
Crumb refuses to measure Logan Paul's erection.
That's true, because he refuses to be a father.
I'm not his dad.
They have, just look it up.
Is gambling a problem to debate, please?
Save it for next time.
The checkments learned aren't even on.
They can't even demand debate.
They can demand a debate, I think.
Now figure that out.
Figure that out, that's part of your payment.
You can't add rules now.
Shit, sorry, did I just fucking?
Did I just delete somebody's thought?
Oh no, I didn't, I think we got through them all.
Okay, well,
congratulations to me.
You do realize you're just paying me.
The money I'm so rich.
You know why I'm rich?
Because I don't make wrong decisions.
The only thing I gamble with
is on which lane of success to choose.
To me, the great gambling life is,
am I gonna win this way or am I gonna win that way?
And for you, you're like, oh, I'm so insecure.
I need to risk everything to have any sense of self
because I'm a little mashed potato, bitch.
That's you.
It's just a hobby that can get away from you.
Yes, some people struggle with addiction, but.
And which person would that be?
Just sell him 10 points?
What if I sold you 10 points right now?
What would that be worth?
Nothing.
Nothing.
It's about seeing it.
It's about seeing it every time.
36, 35 more losses.
It's gonna take, I need it now.
This gorilla is on my ass.
There's gonna be interest.
Should've thought of that before you bet a gorilla $180,000.
I'm sorry that you're in this abstract situation, Crumb.
It's not my fault.
I didn't bet a gorilla $180,000.
Who did that?
If you'd be lucky to have me fuck your couch.
Finally impregnate those cushions
with something other than your fucking stink ass.
It's chat said that.
You're coming after chat.
Sorry, chat.
Have fun with your couch in any way that you want.
That's all the time we have for today.
Back on top, but never off the top.
I should add some lyrics to this.
Make that a sub goal.
Everybody wants lyrics over this song.
We need an outro song with lyrics from me.
The winner, the permanent winner.
Kendall's here.
Kendall's here to say great work to me.
Ralph Munchko, bye everybody.
Kendall's here, everybody.
She says she wants to complain about work.
It's not a complaint about work.
It was just something that was part of my year in review.
I have an attitude problem.
Oh yeah, they did kind of say that, didn't they?
They did kind of say that, didn't they?
My attitude problem is me going to all my juniors.
Well, just to everyone and saying,
hey, my role is super undervalued.
Oh, they said that she was undermining Team Morale
Can I say this or is I going to get you?
I don't know, go ahead.
They said that she was undermining Team Morale
by pointing out that her role is underpaid.
They're like, you're really depressing everyone
by mentioning that we pay your role way less
than other roles that do the exact same thing.
And then I said, I just don't think,
I think I'm always going to feel like this role
is undervalued.
Well, they're like, they tried to phrase it like,
they're like, they tried to phrase it like,
you think this role is beneath you,
like the work is beneath her?
When really, literally all she said was like,
I think we should get paid a little more.
If I get fired or something,
if someone for work is watching this.
Matt, don't tattle on Kendall.
I'm so sorry, but I'm always going to feel
like we're undervalued as long as we are.
I just love the idea of like Starbucks companies
going on strike and their argument against it being like,
you guys think making coffee is beneath you
and not that they're just like, hey, pay us more.
Yeah, it's classic upper management shit.
Anyway, I've already risking my job
by saying this while you're stream.
And I don't worry.
No one from the corporate world bothers with me.
Right?
If you watch me keep your mouth shut,
you're at Kendall's job and you want to stay in this chat.
No tattling, pay our Kendall a proper wage.
I agree.
I just love how like, really the solidarity
is the only way to have any leverage in a workplace
because they will always isolate any individual
that complains about anything.
And then I said, sorry, I'm always,
I'm not good, I'm not good, change.
I did say though, I was like,
I understand how I was talking about it
when I first was hired, which made me realize
I need to change my language about it, which I did.
Because I said, I used to say in the beginning
that my title is stupid.
I agree microphone 900.
Here's my performance review.
No one watches the news anymore
and this stream isn't going to change that.
Damn performance reviews in and I do agree with it.
Kendall deserves at least 25 to 50% pay raise.
I actually completely agree.
So can I complain on your behalf?
It depends what you say.
Just my feeling on like,
they're the way they title things
is a method of paying people more and less.
Oh yeah, I mean, I've said that in my one on one.
Basically they sequester a certain number of producers off
who do social content as content creators
instead of calling them producers.
I guess both as a way for them to have less leverage
if they try to leave and also just to pay them less.
But also to sound cooler to clients
because having content creators in house is very cool
and current and has more leverage as a agency.
Yeah, so it lets them like make it,
let's them say like,
hey, we have tons of social content.
Look, we have dedicated social employees
and also then pay those employees less
despite them just ultimately doing this producing work.
You know, they're just doing production work.
They're producing videos.
It is absolutely Corpo bullshit.
If you ever need to demand satisfaction
why you're Paladin San Francisco, Kendall,
I'm not even entirely sure what that means,
but write it down.
What?
I bet it's real knowing that I'm sleazy.
Why you're Paladin San Francisco?
See your principal associate to the producer.
Yeah, titles like that.
What's that one office episode where they're like,
you're the assistant to the assistant manager
or something like that?
Yeah, yeah, that's the classic.
A title changes in a promotion.
No, but they do treat it like that.
I will say at sort like at G.
I will actually take at this job,
I will take a title change over a pay raise
because it will help me and get other jobs in the future.
I will take a title change.
Especially more corporate production companies
and agencies like bigger ones,
they really do treat roles like a salary.
And there is kind of a reason for that
because like at G4 for instance,
I could not get a producer credit
or like I couldn't get anything other than a writing credit
and they were unwilling to change that.
Yeah, that was wild.
And part of that is like it is functionally more valuable
to say you had certain roles,
which has been a consistent thing.
At every job I've taken since.
However, it is easier to get producing credits
doing freelance work, I will say that.
Yeah, I gotta do that more.
And you can just say I'm a producer.
Look at these receipts.
Check the receipts.
Hey, Kendall, you wanna see how you look bald?
What the, are these fake ears?
Yeah, the ears are fake.
Wow, they look kind of real.
Because I could do that, that's kind of crazy.
Is this my real ear?
Are we sure?
That's my real ear.
Oh, is it?
That's my, oh wait, this is my real ear.
This is a fake ear.
Do you see that?
Oh, oh, oh.
Oh wow.
That's crazy.
Shrink your whole head.
Oh, you got the Hogan mullet?
Yeah, absolutely.
Well, we have to watch a couple trailers
before we get out of here for the day.
Okay, bye.
What, you did the credit?
Isn't that not the end of the stream?
No, it doesn't make any sense, right?
What the, what, guys.
Those only exist for one segment.
How do you know when his stream ends?
I-
How do you know when his stream ends?
Well, oftentimes I'll be singing really loud
and then they're like, I think I'm out of here.
Every once as we don't.
Yeah.
Do you know how many times I hear a sign off
and I'm like, that might be a sign off of the whole stream.
That might not be, who knows.
I do.
You might see him in two minutes.
I might see him in three hours.
Oh no.
Kendall, would you love yourself if you were a worm?
Yeah, absolutely.
What's with the hat?
What though?
What's going on?
Princess worm.
Quick make-a-ray noises, make-a-ray noises.
Oh my gosh, she made it up.
She became a person.
Damn, she long?
Oh my God, she long.
Okay, well let's send it out of the movies.
Then I will get your food.
Okay, bye-bye.
Then it's food time for Kendall.
Bye, is that a word?
Goodbye.
Give me a job, bye.
If you have any jobs for Kendall, tell Pepito.
Hit up Pepito.
Damn, she keeps shifting my reality around.
Anyway, it's time for the movies.
What the fuck?
See, next to me is falling apart.
This theater's falling apart, Chris.
How are you leaving it in this kind of condition?
Chris, I don't own the theater.
Really?
Why are, I figured you did.
Ah man, I don't, it's not mine, we're just here.
How do we afford this?
That's a great question.
I have no idea.
Oh well, whatever, not my problem.
That's above my pay grade.
Even though my pay grade is the highest pay grade.
This is community service.
Anyway, that's my parole officer Trent.
What's that, young blood?
Okay, as long as with respect.
We got three trailers to watch.
Probably, they steady keep making these things.
I keep thinking they must be done eventually.
They gotta be done with movies soon.
They keep making more.
It's honestly kind of nuts.
Zero day, starring
3000.
Starring Robert De Niro Jr.
Robert Doughty De Niro.
Robert De Niro.
Oh yeah, that guy.
Anyway, let's see what he's got for our ass.
402 people die on zero day.
Absolute nationwide terror.
The computer system is completely hijacked.
A significant number of casualties.
Every phone in America displayed the same haunting message.
This will happen again.
Oh, it's a serious.
Thanks for coming.
Madam President, so what's the plan?
Congress is authorizing a special zero day commission.
Hunting down anyone who ate it and abetted it.
This is a horrific attack.
I'm just gonna grab people off the streets without warrants.
Actually, you are.
Oh, shit.
This is the greatest affront civil liberties ever attempted.
Ex-president George Mullen is not only a wannabe tyrant.
President Biden is not bad.
He's a deeply troubled man to you, Georgie.
Sir, is there something going on here
that you're not telling me about?
This is a fuel kind of cheat.
You are of sound mind,
or I will tell the country that you are not.
Storm's the castle.
It comes for all of our heads.
Everyone's gonna be in trouble.
Do you think he's being set up?
Another attack could happen at any moment.
I'm worried that you don't have this under control.
When I run this investigation,
not the White House, not the CIA.
If the public finds out how deep this really is,
I don't think we survive that.
I know it's probably not cheap,
because it's full of famous people.
But I saw, there were like parts of it where I was like,
why does this look kind of cheap?
You mean like the news graphic looking kind of janky?
And then something about that guy on TV
looking like not quite right?
Yeah, I don't know.
It's probably expensive as shit to make,
but there were parts of it where I was like,
why does this look kind of shitty?
I think it looks all right.
Zero day.
Sometimes you just gotta watch
like a thriller thing with politics.
And also you gotta be scared of your phone.
Look, if we don't have movies to tell us
to be scared of our phones, we're gonna start
giving them to babies.
We already give phones to babies.
Oh my God, see?
We need more movies like this.
We're in a dangerous time
where people aren't scared of phone enough.
I think I'm like pretty scared of my phone.
Cause sometimes I'll be scrolling
and like there'll be a spooky ass TikTok.
And I'll be like, who the fuck?
This shit's twisted.
Who even made this?
Isn't it insane that there's movies in your hands now?
Now who sounds old?
You.
Connie Britton is still a smoke show?
Absolutely dude.
What the fuck?
Also where Netflix puts filter on everything
to make it look like shit?
Yeah, that's kind of the vibe I'm getting.
I don't know why.
I don't have the vocabulary to tell you why
but like, or parse that rather.
I don't look like that.
Very well said, young blood.
Thank you, I try.
Okay, let's see what this is.
This is another thing.
You're the best.
I believe you.
Who is?
What's happening?
What's happening?
What's happening?
What's happening?
What's happening?
What's happening?
What's happening?
What's happening?
Whoa, I don't know what's happening but
I think it involves the military?
Who pays the tariffs?
The military?
Oh, you picked up on that?
Dude, something with the military's happening.
I'm like, whoa.
But what?
I'm not sure, man.
But it's on a submarine and also in a shipping port.
I thought it was gonna be a Kaji thing too.
Is that because I'm being like slightly,
am I being doing some of the racist stuff?
First Asian?
No, I think it's fair because of the subs and the deep sea stuff.
I think that's actually reasonable.
Okay, I didn't care.
I don't even care.
I wasn't even asking.
I mean, you just asked me.
I wasn't even caring though.
Let's learn about bloating.
Honestly, a lot of the women in my life complain about this shit.
I'm like, stop eating so many hot dogs.
They're like, I don't eat hot dogs.
I'm just a feminine, this is a normal feminine problem.
I'm like, stop eating so many hot dogs.
They're like, Chris, just go to your room.
You don't understand what we're even talking about.
Okay, here's the trailer for bloat.
Made it to Japan.
How's the day?
You're already in full swing.
I can see this looks cheap.
The boys are playing with the other boys.
We're just relaxing.
Say hi.
All right, well, I'll let you get to it.
I just want to check in.
Have fun.
Make sure you send...
Whoa.
What?
Hannah, what's going on?
Kyle!
What?
Whoa.
Hannah, what?
Hannah, what happened?
Son, gonna be there soon, so just hang tight until then, okay?
Oh, is that perfect?
Kyle's been really strange.
He bit his brother.
Kyle just needs some time.
Try to remember what you felt when you were drowning.
My concern is he's not getting any better.
What?
He's a ghost?
I'm seriously wrong with our son.
I am here alone.
I'm doing the best that I can for three, six.
I just need somebody who can check on my family.
I'll do whatever you need me to do, bro.
You know that.
There was a case about 15 years ago,
an American seemed to be controlled by a cuppa.
Cuppa, the keeper of lakes and rivers.
A cuppa will swallow the boys' soul.
This thing feels trapped in its own homeland.
You think you're gonna wake up in the nightmare,
but it ain't no nightmare.
It's real.
Did you see what is going on? Open your eyes!
He's getting confident.
I can stream the whole thing in real time.
You can see everything live.
I'm gonna be there soon.
Just hold on for a little while longer.
Oh my God, he's so blurry.
That shit was kind of spooky, dude.
So, Emilia Perez.
Oh yeah, Emilia Perez.
We maybe should watch that.
We do watch a long of Emilia Perez.
Apparently it's like the best movie of the year.
Or the worst?
It's like the worst, greatest movie of all time?
I'm curious now that it keeps getting
elected for every award despite
everyone that I ever hear
talk about it says it's
shockingly trash.
We're gonna do the knobs tonight
on the Patreon podcast.
Well, I'm not on that shit.
Case is doing that, so I don't even care.
Okay, well look, that's three trailers.
But those were three new trailers.
And sometimes they're just
two new trailers.
And sometimes the past is the present.
But that's the thing that I
have always said.
And so let's
simmer down for the end of the stream
because this is the last shit we're gonna do.
And
uh, tear this classic ass trailer.
From back when stuff was like
crazy as fuck.
And now stuff ain't crazy as fuck no more.
Let's just watch this trailer, young blood.
Oh my God, stop this music.
Millennium Blu-ray.
See this doesn't look
even though it looks old as fuck.
This looks
exactly this.
Look at that.
Looks incredible.
I am.
What unusual
facts have you developed in your
investigation?
This crash has been
a lot of fun.
I've been
crazy for the start.
Damn.
They're using the War of the World
set even back then.
Going backwards, I'm afraid I still
don't know what you're driving at.
I'm simply looking for the inexplicable.
I usually find it.
Oh, sure.
Oh, whoa.
You're endangering a project that's bigger than
you can imagine.
She's gotta be an alien because of that hair.
I know damn well we can't change the past.
To the old travelers.
They don't want to be found.
Then you are from the future.
About a thousand years.
Oh my God.
Sherman, send the gate.
You see that robot?
Once in a thousand years.
What the fuck?
Like this.
We've been expecting you.
Millennium.
Oh my God.
Wait, we need to see that face.
I gotta catch it.
Where is it?
Oh!
Damn.
Face lifts in the future.
Don't get better. I guess they get worse.
That's rough for them.
Well, that's how it fucking goes sometimes.
Damn.
That was twisted as shit.
Millennium. I've actually never heard of that.
But maybe we do need to
actually watch movies one day.
You know, in blood you can do a stream
where you watch a movie.
You know, like a whole movie?
I just did that more or less.
I mostly saw it.
I'm not having this argument again about
trailers being movies.
They just are though.
You don't understand and I get it that you never will.
Because you're too old, your brain is developed.
All the folds in your brain are smoothed over now.
So you'll never understand.
But trailers are movies.
We used to watch movies together.
And now we watch movies in little cubes.
I think they mean I'm the Patreon.
They're talking about our dark,
twisted future that we exist in as our present.
Where we watch movies in cubes.
Do we switch our names at some point?
No, my name's Trent.
Yeah, and I'm Chris.
Quit trying to make people think that you're me from the future.
That's Millennium's plot.
Not the plot of this movie segment.
Okay.
I won't say it like that.
Fuck. Well, you know what?
Whatever. That's all the fucking time we have.
I will always be you. I am myself.
And I will always be me.
And I probably won't even age.
No, you definitely will.
Nah. I'm staying right in this time now as me forever.
So deal with that.
And if you don't, well, don't worry because you do know what it is.
We'll see you later. Bye-bye.
The loudest outro on the stream.
The most jump-scary outro I have.
Okay, we did a big juicy 3-hour Friday stream.
But I think it's time to get the fuck out of here.
Boozan.
Mmm, psychor, dank sauce.
If I could rate both, I would.
Oh my God, I'm gonna. Sorry.
That's what I know.
My tank is empty.
I need to find an e-tank.
We're gonna rate psychor because I said his name first.
Wow.
Card King. Thank you so much.
Three.
Pot is tonight at six.
Me and Kasim.
Oscar nom's.
Maybe I gotta go watch Amelia Perez.
Female president definitely sci-fi, unfortunately.
Thank you, Banzai.
For the tragic accuracy.
Get Kendall some lunch to feed that attitude problem.
I just don't feel like, I feel like she's undermining her stomach.
By asking for lunch.
I think she thinks being hungry is beneath her.
And I do think it's hurting her body's overall morale.
So we'll see.
Jesus, sorry. I'm just seeing this twitch-french page.
And realizing
Asmongold currently has 50,000 viewers
and Trump, Trump had line eyes as his stream title.
Fun stuff as always
from our beloved
Utka.
Okay guys, we'll see you and girls and people.
We'll see you Monday.
If you don't join us for the stream tonight.
We gotta, oh shit, we hit the goal
with a plomb.
Chris and Trent gaming.
You know, Kendall is busy this weekend.
So maybe this weekend would be the time for me to do a little
extended old school gaming stream
with Chris and Trent.
We'll see if I can set that up for maybe Sunday.
If I do, I'll mention it
in the discord.
Or you'll just see me pop on.
Oh, and we can definitely play rivals again.
Did the raid already happen?
That means this is secret information.
For only the elite.
Anyway, I might pop on on Sunday
for anyone still around.
Go say hi to CyCorp for me
and have a beautiful rest of your day.