I'm Papita, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
What the hell?
Trump's not in jail yet!
Seven, six, five, four, three, two, one, let's do-
Yeah!
We're back from Chicago, disgusting Chicago.
Taking me away from my important streaming duties?
How could it?
It's gonna be an Austrian on Monday but I had too much to catch up on but hey.
Now we're very clearly-
Mac! Look at this!
Look at this!
I was the piss wizard? Do you mean Tim?
I'm assuming you mean Tim, it was good. He was good.
25 streaks in your undisprophaganda, congratulations.
Me too.
I stack them up every time I stream.
We do have a hype train approaching apparently.
We also have to go to the interns for a town hall.
What?
We're gonna go to you to- you wanna do a town hall?
Do I get credit for- do I get college credit for that?
I think no more than usual.
I prefer not to.
Could you just do it? Do I have to?
I mean you technically work for this station right as an intern.
Would you mind? Yeah, I don't want to.
Participation points?
Okay.
Other intern, do you wanna do it?
No. We're not even supposed to be here on the same day.
Uh, third intern, do you wanna do it?
Yeah, I'll do it!
Oh man, he'll do it.
I would love to do it.
We have a third intern, I just usually don't cut to him.
I'd be a- I would love to do it!
The other two are the only two interns I've ever shown.
I'm here doing important work and I'd love to do it!
Alright, well you wanted to figure it out in the- and what's your name?
Blark.
Is that your last name? First name, Blark!
That sucks, Blark. Why?
That's such a bad name, Blark.
Why?
It just feels like so- you just combine syllables.
That's mean, that's every name.
Pepito, is the show ready to go? Is the train ready to go?
I have no idea.
And I don't care either.
Can anyone on the stream- we've been out of town?
Can anyone care other than me?
No! Including you.
I care. I don't know how to prove it.
The hype train I guess is also here.
Yeah.
You're the hype train, you're supposed to care.
I don't care. I'm just like-
Now turn off my music and turn on my music.
What's your music? A burp?
Let me a burp type beat.
Does anyone care is a great question.
Piss? The options are piss, make them talk,
genital slit twice, one with an- with a question mark.
And then crumb. Who I think does care.
Yeah, that's true. Crumb does care, but he also doesn't count.
Now look up a burp type beat for me.
That's gonna be a bunch of burps.
For sure.
It's gonna be gross to hear, hype train.
You think I care?
I don't.
That's correct.
It's even better than just burps.
It's Wicked Morty Burp's case.
This is not- I don't think I would qualify this as better.
You go!
He's no burp but that-
It's not your face?
Nope. Guess where trains burp from?
A burp from the same place we come, yeah.
Train burping so slick, that's right.
Every train in the world burp dick, hype,
and a burp is so right.
Now listen to me burp out my dick, alright?
Check this.
It was all out my dick case.
This beat doesn't have burps.
They just have burps that come out from where the ladies slurp.
That was you saying burp?
What?
You're claiming that the fade on that track was your dick getting soft burped?
Then why did you say any of that hype train?
Because I mean I may as well burp out my dick.
I don't have genitals, dude. I'm a train.
I do have a burp pole.
So I count that as my penis.
Why would a train have a burp pole?
What even is that?
I don't know. They put it in.
When they constructed trains back in the 1820s,
that's when they were first training off.
I don't know if that's right.
Yeah, obviously you don't.
The early engineers said these trains need a pole to release their burps from.
Why would a machine burp?
I didn't even understand trains that well,
so every train comes fully loaded with a burp pole
that we all consider to be our penis.
This is too much train lore.
And not train facts.
That's it?
That's it. That's all I'm thinking.
I got immediately soft because we ran out of hype.
You claimed that you had a burp pole,
and you don't have a penis,
so why would it still get erect and soft?
I don't claim to understand engineering.
Oh, the burps back coming at the hot burp pole.
I train level 4,
but we never let it go.
Greg T.U. 24 months,
because you know the burps don't stop
because we keep it so hot.
Full of your back train pole mop
the top of the burps coming out
like they're little fucking commies
and they smell bad,
but the niggas say that they're so yummy.
I'm not asking about what you just said.
You're not gonna ask how I said I fart out burps?
Nope. No. No, I don't care.
Because they got a whole explanation
for how I actually fart burps out of my dick pole.
I don't need it.
I don't need it. You've already ruined my hair.
You're frustrating me enough that my hair is getting worse.
It was already bad.
100% burp rap all the time.
Yeah, you know, I was away for a week and a half, so...
This seems about right for how we come back.
You're gonna talk about Epstein later?
Yeah, I am hype train,
and this isn't helping set it up.
Oh, I'll wait for anything helps set it up.
It's an unpleasant situation.
You could argue a train talking about burping out of its dick pole
is better than talking about Epstein.
You could argue that.
So why don't we talk about both at the same time?
No. Did I miss my vacuum?
You know, we did a vacuuming...
We did a vacuum sex sketch, technically,
actually, while we were in Chicago.
Oh, what a surprise.
Not my idea, actually.
That was Andy Bolduc's idea.
It would be irresponsible for me to claim
that I'm the only one regularly doing...
How do you already know?
Obviously, he just says, I know.
Roomba, man?
Yeah, I've moved on from vacuums to Roomba.
Your disloyal case.
Maybe.
Maybe this hoe ain't loyal.
You had some people there?
Damn, keeping tabs on me.
The deep state that is live and sleazy.
Nothing slips the eye.
Chet's gonna have the best sex hair today at this rate, yeah.
I have a haircut on Friday.
So I don't know if Chet has one planned too,
but they seem to sync up with me, you know?
Like we're a bunch of gales on a...
on a... team.
What?
I don't know.
Not the best thing I've ever said just now.
Live and sleazy, I hear the PI.
Smokepacks was there.
Smokepacks was at my Chicago show,
which went quite well.
Shoutouts to Chicago SketchFest.
We need been live news reviews sometimes.
I'm not quite sure what that is.
Just someone reviewing this, me doing the news,
or me doing the news live.
Anyway, shoutouts to Smokepacks for being there.
Shoutouts to Chicago SketchFest.
Shoutouts to...
Let me make sure I get the name of this theater right.
Um...
Shoutouts to the Home Comedy Theater,
which is a new theater in Chicago, in case you're there.
Live, nude, and in-person, says Propaganda.
Oh yeah, shoutouts to Smokepacks,
who also I think is posting some stuff on YouTube,
so check out Smokepacks.
And also maybe Twitch.
I should know this before I plug him.
Anyway...
Uh...what?
Chase...
We're gonna need more burp beat.
You have had enough burp beat.
I don't even know if there's another burp beat.
There was.
Would you believe that it's Bart Simpson type burp beat?
Would you believe that hype train?
Got your bio-pitch because you know that I believe it
Every time I pop up my dick, you know that
I helped my smoke boss since 2,000 years ago
Hype train on a permanent burp flow
Because I gotta show them how big
And no doubt, every time that I pop off
This side is the burp mode of my phone
Burping out of your mouth?
No, this is me
Paying homage to the burps that come out of my dick
Bell it out, Bart
Tell them how it's done
Every time Daddy burps, it's a fast son
What?
You're shouting it out to this cartoon burp...
Burping Bart that's eating a platinum record?
That's not a platinum record, it's a hot cat
Like Bart Hype train on these bitch facts
You can't even see what's in your life man
Cause you can't even burp out your dick can
But I can
What?
I can burp my dick man
Yes, I'm well aware
Do you have anything to say today other than that
You can burp out of your dick for 20 minutes Hype train?
No, but don't wind up burping out the throat
Why you just said throat?
My throat is my dick
My pole is a dick
And my throat is a dick
Can you not negate the whole premise of what you're rapping about?
I didn't, nothing I said negated anything
Okay well, thank you so much Skymer as well
For getting us to level 6
I'm pretty sure I thanked Skymer
You didn't, you were too busy talking about
Burping out of your dick throat
Like pole, which is also a throat
If I could burp out of my dick I'd never stop talking about it either
That's fair Skymer
I feel like I might not tell people about it
That's cause you don't understand marketing case
I just feel like maybe that's one that you'd keep
Close to the chest
It's not close to my chest
It's close to my, to my caboose
You don't have a caboose
Oh my god
I forgot my caboose
You've literally never had a caboose on this stream, ever
That's so embarrassing I forgot it
For 2 and a half years?
More like 3
Are you gonna remember it next time?
I'll try
I mean chat's in the back
That means I've been leaving them in hell this whole time
You know what you really have hype train actually
That's the most honest thing you've ever said
You've been chatting in hell
Yes, yes
Anyway
Did I mention that I burp out of my dick
Pole that's a throat?
Yep
Yeah you did
That's kinda all I got so
Should we just sit here quietly for the next
27 levels
I guess let's do just news
While this is all happening
That's fine though
It's news time
It's still your design
Don't let them take it from you
Whoa
Look at this
It's just on me
The hype is concentrated around me
Jeff Ripple
And that makes all the sense in the world
Because I'm bringing hype
Good to see everyone
I'm in fact Jeff Ripple
You might not have known but now you know
Right Kase?
Look I have the hype note too
You turned it on on your side too
It has been a while
Very good
Very good MSG
After chatting the hype train isn't that all you do?
Isn't all you do kind of whine to your train Kase?
That is pretty much what he does
That's not fair hype train
It's really what you do
You're free with the train
You're a bummer to this train Kase
Everyone is always on my ass
Incorrect you on my ass
Got it
Hype train do you want to do the news with me instead?
Because Kase is going to be a big bummer about it
Well we're going to talk about the Epstein stuff so
Oh no I think I might be disappearing
Oh no I want to talk about the Epstein stuff
But I feel like
Oh no
Shoot
The train left
He wasn't even asleep this time
But he's gone
In turn pull up the Epstein files
How do I do that?
That's a really good question
How do we do that Kase?
And when will it happen?
Are you actually asking? Not really
Where's my news story? Pull it up
Attach
The news dot it
Ah your fricking button broke again
How does your headline button break
Every fricking 5 seconds Kase
It's like clockwork except clocks work
Here let me fix your headline button Jeff
Because I know it's important to you
Should be working
There you go
Doogie how's our Epstein intern?
Were you an intern for Epstein as well intern?
I think he was dead by the time I was
Intern age
How old are you?
Yeah you look kinda old
I'm a teen
You are?
Yeah I'm a teen aged kid
I'm a teen intern
I feel like we should get older interns
I don't know if there should be teenagers here at all
Isn't there a baby that's your lawyer?
Epstein had very lexic
Skimer that is
Accurate
Uh okay
Jeff what are you do what do you want to talk about
I don't want to talk about this
It just won't stop coming up for some reason
I thought we were done I thought we were like
The president's a pedophile and we're all over it
I don't think that was ever the vibe
That was the vibe I was picking up
People are like look
We all know he's a pedo
He's the president
President pedophile
And we're over it
I never felt that way
Well Lottie da case
Everyone else was over it but now it's back
Again as is
Miss G-Glaine
Grendel Maxwell
Glaine
But I believe it's correctly pronounced Giselaing
Okay Miss G-Gizard Maxwell
Is back in the news because she's
Uh
Doing lex prison stuff
She's she's chilling out at pr- there's a lot of Epstein news
Part one
Gar-lin Maxwell alleged prison perks
Spark a Raskin probe
Into Trump administration
Jamie Raskinsen, a sharply worded six-page letter
To president Donald Trump on Sunday
Following new information his committee received
About a whistle blower alleging that
Glaine, ah I said it wrong
Is preparing a commutation application
For the Trump administration
And receiving preferential treatment
While incarcerated
Shocking
I can't believe that's happening
Sacher says good thing. It was sharply worded. We'll definitely win that we've got a lot of sharply worded
Observations flying all around the media and we're holding
The third estate now. I think the media is the third estate
We're holding one of the estates accountable for all of these presidents
Including the current one. We're gonna get them one of these days
Yes, keep we'll keep saying that we will
Anyway, we're asking the top Democrat on the House Judiciary Committee accused the Trump administration of allowing a corrupt misuse of law enforcement and resources and demanded the Deputy
Eternal General Todd Blanche testify before the Judiciary Committee
Immediately to answer for the corrupt misuse of law enforcement resources and potential exchange of favors for false testimony exonerating you and other epsi and accomplices
That's a quote. That's I don't even understand what I just read
Well, I think you understand the basics seems like
Gizlain
Maxwell is angling for a pardon of some sort
Probably cuz she's got
Incredibly obvious dirt on Donald Trump namely that we have to even pretend he wasn't fucking underage girls
somehow still despite
Endless mounting evidence and decades of him on video talking about liking young women including his daughter
owning modeling agencies that basically shipped women illegally in from other countries and put them up in like fucking
weird
dorm
skyscrapers
What are you talking about? I just mean look into it for two seconds. That's every all of this feels like it shouldn't need to be
constantly litigated like
It just seems like it's so painfully obvious at this point the fact we have to even act like these are revelations is
kind of insane to me
Don't forget the teen miss pageants. You got them backwards, but you put the word most important to Trump first
You know why we're getting off to a rocky start today. I
Think it's been smooth
Five and sleazy's mentioning that we're not wearing our fishtie and you didn't wear it either
Jeff but I've got my purple branded fishtie and I've got my blue one. So let's put them on at the exact same time
Like we always do okay
There we go now I feel like I'm doing the news that feels a lot better
Okay, anyway, sorry, I was busy yelling about how the president's very obviously a pedophile, but I
Think it technically be in a feeble file case. We do we can't make the distinction
It's again as the classic joke is it just makes you sound like a feeble file. Well, okay, whatever
Anyway, White House folks will be in Abigail Jackson said in a statement about Raskins letter the White House does not comment on potential
Clemency request as President Trump has stated pardoning gears Lane Maxwell is not something he's thought about
Sometimes when he's asked questions, he doesn't think about them. That is very true actually
But something tells me he's thought about pardoning her seeing as he's been asked about it 20 times and every time he is asked
He says I basically might
Well, you're paraphrasing. He has a longer way of saying basically that anyway, so basically she's getting to put pet puppies and
The stories about how's he gets to pet puppies and work out whenever she pleases and take long meetings with full internet and phone access with her lawyers
I mean that doesn't sound that fun. Actually you haven't met her lawyers
They're a lot of fun. Some of the parties they went to apparently were crazy. I believe that
Anyway, there's even more
Epstein news
The whole treasure trove
It's not what I would call it
Trump doesn't know who he pardons it could happen on accident. Yeah, he also pardoned that I'm like crypto
scammer guy
AI slash crypto scammer guy
Whose name I can't remember but he part in some like
Very in very
Indicted yeah, Kevin. I think he parted Kevin. I think this guy could have been
No, I guess he wouldn't be for it because then Trump couldn't pardon him
You know, let's even not get into it. He's pardoned a lot of people isn't pardoned idiot
Well, he might get there
CZ is his name that sounds right CZ discovery zone. He is foreign
How did Trump pardon him then he got arrested here? I don't know anyway
He part yeah, he pardons criminals a lot
Including crypto billionaires that have contributed large amounts to his administration. Well, this is more of a classic billionaire
Who'd mostly dealt in
The bodies of miners
That's not entirely true. He also dealt in state secrets as well. Also, maybe get to at some point
They're not usually exclusive house Democrats on Wednesday release emails that they said raise new questions about President Donald Trump's ties to Jeffrey
Epstein and how much he knew about Epstein's abuse of
underage girls
Not my brother a K my brother says where kids can fun can fun and play on their own
Oof
Not the best time for that song case. Sorry. It's a classic
You know what just to lighten out of the mood here. Let's see if we can find an old easy discovery zone ad I
actually think it unfortunately
Does work as a you know, maybe I shouldn't play it
It's all here
Anyway, not them not the best ad in context of what we're currently talking about but a classic
You remember that commercial
I'm choosing to not remember it right now. Yeah, I remember we all member it. Sorry. What were you talking about?
Had a final news case Jesus Christ
anyway
There's new emails. Could that mean something about?
Donald Trump's
ties to Jeffrey Epstein
It's just so ridiculous to keep
being like
Maybe Donald Trump really knew this Epstein guy. Well, but this is more like how long did he knew know him and
Is it even more troubling the amount that he done knew him?
Wait, this why is this not?
Sorry, this story is not loading appropriately
Okay, what load the way I want you to damn it. All right, there we go
the Democrats release messages between Epstein and author Michael Wolf and
Yisla and Maxwell a British socialite who is serving a 20 year prison sentence
Which we just talked about it's sort of like a social prison sentence. Yes
She's sort of it's a dog petting sentence
Anyway, she's serving it on charges related to her role in facilitating Epstein sex trafficking
In one 2019 email to Wolf Epstein a convicted sex offender wrote that Trump knew about the girls
Though it was not clear what that phrase meant
What could that phrase have meant it's not clear case courtesy of Reuters
Trump has vehemently and cons consistently denied knowing about Epstein sex trafficking
He just knew about the girls
But that they were being sex trafficked, but maybe he just knew about
Their SAT scores I can only think of one reason why I know about that because he loves college like Asher Roth
He has said that he and Epstein who died by suicide in a Manhattan jail cell in 2019 were once friends before having a falling out over
real estate and or
Teenage girl theft depending on the day you ask him the disclosure came on the day that Democratic representative Adelita
Grie
Gree Alva was sworn in by House of Representative Speaker Mike Johnson. They actually got around to making her a
Congressperson I thought they were never gonna let that happen. Well, the government also the government shutdown seems to be
probably ending
Which is a different
Disappointment because you hate government jobs
No
Anyway, we're you're getting distracted
The House wants to vote to possibly release all unclassified records related to Epstein
Something Johnson and Trump have resisted up to now
But some are saying and I quote it's past time for Congress to restore its role as a checks and balance on the administration
And who's saying that?
Realva correct
Johnson's office said the White House would hold the vote next week. So they're still delaying it
Well, I mean is the government even technically reopened yet? I don't know. I mean the Democrats already caved. I
suspect even if this
Petition to release all unclassified documents goes through a
Lot of important names will still be protected. I don't think any of us should be holding our breath waiting for a giant smoking
Whistle to drop courtesy of Congress or the Senate or the government in general
Well, if the whistles if the whistle smoking that means it's hot they've got to drop it
The batch of emails released earlier on Wednesday included a 2011 message to Maxwell in which Epstein described Trump as the dog
That hasn't barked
Adding that Trump had spent hours at my house with one of his victims whose name is
Redacted later in the day Republicans released a cache of 20,000 Epstein related documents in which Trump's name surfaces
Some are saying of all the time though typically in the context of his political career or allegations of sexual behavior in one exchange
Epstein refers to a 20 year old girlfriend whom he gave to Donald in
1993 and talks about photos of Donald and girls in bikinis in my kitchen though it is not clear whether he is joking
Could be jokes
What's the joke?
You ever heard the one about Trump and the group of 16 year old girls in bikinis?
I have heard that one repeatedly for the last eight years
Still waiting for the punchline
Comedy is very subjective
Okay, anyway, so basically there's he's mentioned a bunch in emails with author Michael Wolfe
The house just voted and passed it courtesy of Matt Liddell Matt Liddell. This is coming from our source Matt Liddell
I'm crediting Matt Liddell with the story Trump is said to be signing it in about 30 minutes and again if Trump signs it I
Think that probably portends the amount of actual information we will
Get out of this particular surfacing of documents they could put out so many documents case
40,000 pages of just I
Mean hopefully there's something it does seem like a you know
There's consistently like a little drip feeding of all things that
Point towards the obvious
Shaggy also with the breaking news a giant bonfire of mystery
Files burning in front of the Department of Justice. Oh my
Call the scoop gang the scoop gang. I think that's what they're called the scoop gang
The Bill Kills hemp derived weed and THC
Yeah
What was with that there's some kind of like hemp maybe we'll get into it if we get to the
Rest of the of the chat shared news, but there were weird provisions regarding hemp in the
Whatever now I guess agreed upon bill
No more Delta 9 I actually don't know what that is
You're not cool anymore. Is it a is that a hemp type weed?
Weed with hemp characteristics, okay, and last but not least in the Epstein trove of
Facts, okay
Can we get a different picture than this court rendering of Gillain?
No, that's all we got for the day. I'll just know this is still about Epstein
Israel spy stated stayed for weeks at a time at Jeffrey Epstein's mansion
John Michael thank you so much for the 30 were for 31 months. What did crumb do to Jeff to hate him so much?
Please can we not bring up crumb?
He has a
unfortunate habit of
Showing up it when discussed I would never
You know what he's not even around
He's actually not around so
You're safe
Did somebody say Darfus? No, no, no Darfus. We said crumb. Oh, yeah, not that you weren't called for at all. Okay
Anyway with the looming end this is again courtesy of Dar of drop-site news
connections between
Shockingly Jeffrey Epstein and Israeli intelligence
well again
Speaking of Gillain her dad was famously really directly tied to Israeli intelligence
Some suspect maybe even was killed possibly by things related to that
You're gonna have to throw to a different segment if you keep talking this way case with the looming end of the US government
Shot down a mid a deal in the Senate the house will soon be swearing in miss Adelaide, which we already mentioned
Um
And over that vote aimed at the Epstein files and their release it along with Acosta's interview the house wait what?
Sorry, I missed a step here
In mid-October house oversight committee released an interview with former US prosecutor Alex Acosta who told the panel that contrary to widespread public
Reporting he had never been told he had never told Steve Bannon that Epstein belonged to intelligence
Acosta denied ever discussing Epstein with Bannon and claimed to have no knowledge as to whether he was or was not a member of the intelligence community
It along with the cost is interview the house panel also released a new cache of documents from Epstein's estate containing direct evidence of
Epstein's links to Israeli intelligence
Epstein's personal calendars reveal the senior that senior intelligence officers with personal ties to former CIA director Leon Panetta lived at Epstein's
Manhattan apartment for multiple stretches between 2013 and
2016 or as we like to call them oops the open pedophile years. Yes, that was after he was I believe found guilty
You see you're saying words like I believe
Why is no one looking at a possible suspicious circumstances around Dick Cheney's death? That's a really great question
Not cases brother. He was too young. We didn't even get into that. You missed the whole dick Cheney death
Well, I missed it, but I wouldn't use the word miss too much. You know, I mean
cruel
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak is
The figure that is tied to these other figures that state at Epstein's mansion a portrait of Epstein emerges at the nexus of high-ranking
Intelligent officials in both the US as a nexus between US and Israeli intelligence basically
This is the fourth piece in drop-sites ongoing series on Jeffrey Epstein in the first
We expose Epstein's role in brokering a security agreement between Israel and Mongolia and the second
We identified Epstein's effort to set up a back channel between Israel and Russia
During the Syrian civil war in the third we showed Epstein's role as a key facilitator of security agreements between Israel and the West African nation of
Akote Delivore might be saying that very wrong
Meanwhile we're left wondering why the rest of the media which has demonstrated no lack of excitement when it comes to the saga of
Just Jeffrey Epstein has all of a sudden lost its reporting capacity in the face of reams of publicly available
Newsworthy documents a question for editors reading this newsletter. What are you doing case? He's asking you
Well, we're reading his newsletter just on our twitch channel, which I don't think counts as reporting
but hey, we're sharing the reporting at least and
Something about caring or sharing or something
anyway
To make a long article that you can read at drop-site news short
Basically, Israeli intelligence officers and or one extremely high-ranking officer stated Jeffrey's at Jeffrey Epstein's mansion
Well after he was convicted of being a pedophile
many times
Yeah, it seems like he was deeply and tied tied into the
Intelligence industry for both the US and Israel and those two things are extremely linked. So
Again, I don't know the picture of what seems to be going on here seems
obvious I understand that you need more than just
Vibes to prove a thing, but it feels pretty beyond vibes to me
seems like
All these people are in bed together in more ways than
In all the ways that that sentence can mean ways the ways and ways
Cash Patel is on the case. That's what we are forgetting to report
Is that FBI director cash Patel is still out there is still at large still at large and who knows if they're stopping him
You need it to happen right in front of me to believe it. Well once that happens exterminator
You're on the list and you're part of the circle. Yeah, they want it to happen in front of you because then you're a member for life
He's in a Miami hotel room at the
Elsa right now wait who live in sleazy who's the he in that sentence? I'm too slow to keep up
Robert Maxwell killed himself
Yeah, that's the
That's just that's glane's dad and that is the official story at least that he killed himself
I honestly have no idea. I just know that he was tied to a bunch of an old cash Patel
Who we were talking about?
How are you so easily confused case? I don't know
It's a great question
Not his brother says they should have a cartoon where penny and brain follow cash around and help him solve crimes
That is pretty good
The only way it'll probably happen is via AI, but I would enjoy watching that
Are you sure you'd enjoy it? I'd enjoy it for five minutes two minutes. I'd enjoy a tiktok of it. Perfect
You thought you said Robert Blackwell Tristan's dad. No, don't worry as far as I know. He's totally clean
Anyway, yes, so there's there's more
ever-mounting
title waves of
God maybe evidence is too strong at this point but
Incredibly suspicious
Uh reporting tying Epstein to Israel trying Trump to Epstein
tying Galein to Trump currently
It it feels like it's a big swirling toilet flush of of everyone trying to get out of the situation. I
suspect they will if history is any indicator if
At this point Epstein hasn't sunk Trump then I don't know
I don't know if just straight-up video of him
Engaging in these acts came out if it would be enough to sink Trump at this point because again what seems to have happened
Based on just years of reporting at this at this point feels so insanely obvious
Again, not the specifics but in broad strokes what seems to be going on feels really obvious
and if people aren't piecing it together themselves and they're fucking idiots and
If they are piecing it together then they just don't care and this just feels like you know the price of doing business in America, so
I'm unfortunately, you know, I'm not gonna say I'm like doomer pilled on this one, but I just I am not optimistic that
Epstein the Epstein saga is ever gonna take down Donald Trump
or that
Even at this point Galein is really gonna face consequences you could argue
She's somewhat face consequences for the thing she was involved in but it seems like she might ultimately get out of those
Consequences as well. So at this point it feels a little bleak to me
However, there are you know people in the government that are interested in in pushing on this particular
Lever, you know the rocanas of the world, so we will see but I would encourage anyone out there to not pin their political
hopes of justice on this particular case as it just feels
So muddled and at the same time incredibly
Blatant what happened?
That it's if consequences were gonna be faced I feel like that I feel like they'd already have been faced
Call of those who support enable collaborate perpetrate these acts of pedophiles live in sleazy. Yes, I agree
Hopefully we are still doing that. I am just I'm airing on the side of caution if it comes to suspecting that this will
Bubble up as something that will
You know hinder Trump more than it already has although I will say it does seem like Trump's popularity is legitimately shrinking but
Again this all of this all the stuff that is coming out right now is stuff that
Though there's been more information is information that was
Technically available in like 2020 or even 2016
So the fact this stuff wasn't hung around his neck then or even if it was that it wasn't effective
Is worrisome about the state of things I would say
Skymer says I'm sure once Trump dies of natural causes the Republicans will gain a backbone and finally pin it on him. Yeah
yeah
Just like we pinned all the stuff on like a George HW Bush that he was fairly likely involved in
Yeah, I don't know we'll see
We'll see where that arc of history bends towards over the years
But we might not see we could all melt. Yeah, that's true
Dane says it's gonna be annoying and a lot of people will act like they never liked him
I mean currently it seems like you would want to act that way if you supported him
And there's still a lot of people that are just supporting him
But you know people will believe what they feel like believing I guess
I
Weegee the abomination of Luigi as represented in the MS-DOS release of Mario is missing has been requested as an expert
My gun shade the first
Let's look at Mario is missing Luigi
Just to shift gears slightly. I'm okay with that
Oh, yeah, this thing
Weegee you remember this you remember this Jeff
No, is this that's him
That's the Weegee man
It's pretty it is it is kind of a dope suggestion
Can I get a hold of Weegee though? He's famously from a game where?
People are missing
So I don't know if I can get hold of that specific Luigi
I can definitely get probably hold of a Luigi that looks bad if that counts
Or I can't
Or I spoke too soon
Maybe he knows where Salazar is that that would be the dream because I'm kind of shocked
But I can't instantly get a hold of Luigi
Okay, you know what I'm gonna stay close enough here
Let's get this out of the way before we move on to we got a debate we've got
We got a town hall and
I think we still are we still owe somebody a DJ music and technically at some point we owe somebody conspiracy time
Although I might wait to throw to that segment again
Until I've updated that segment because I want to turn it into a call-in thing and I I
Was working on that so that might be ready kind of soon
anyway
In the meantime Jeff you want to talk to Weegee? No
Why not? Oh
Not cases brother said hey like we G. I like ice cream
That's not how Luigi sounds correct. I'm a witty
Case
This sucks. I didn't book the guy. He was requested. Yeah, that's right. I'm a witty
You say anything else I like it the shit
All right, we gee um
You're from a game called Mario is missing
Where did he go?
Shit
Last night piece of shit he had from me
I'm a number three
I'm a weegee. I'm a number three
I don't know if
Possible pod person are you from a pod? Yes. I was raised by the pod and
Had to raise me up a dude
Could you try to sound a little more like Luigi? Why would I?
I'm a weegee. I don't remember you sounding like this in the game. I don't remember the game
Who even played Mario was missing me? I
Was granted. I was a lot younger, but I don't remember you being at all like this Weegee
Yeah, I got to me the hard world forgot
Weegee
What's your deal man? What are you?
What are you all about? I'm
Volunteer at this dog shelter
Which doubles as a kitchen?
What do you mean by that? It's a dog shelter slash kitchen. I don't think we should talk to this guy
If anybody has any questions for Weegee
Um
Let me know his name is Lou Weegee. He likes to shit. What else could you possibly ask about him?
That's a really great question uncle Phil. Ask away
What do you think of all this Epstein stuff? Ah, I think we should wait and see
guilty until proven
So you think he's guilty. I think we don't wait and see currently he's guilty
Well, I kind of agree with who one of them
We gee are you eating those dogs? No
He's a kitchen. You don't eat your selfie in the kitchen
Yeah, you don't eat and cook your you don't cook and eat yourself in the kitchen. That's true
So why a cook I need a dog in the kitchen
Well, why is it a dog shelter slash kitchen? Why wouldn't it be why not?
Well because it makes it sound like you're eating the dogs
Uh-uh
Epstein Island was the worst zone in Super Mario Bros. 3 so Skimer do you agree? No, it was a good level, but a bad island
What was good about it? The hills and the general pace of gameplay
but
It's a bad place
it's like um
Bob-omb field from from Nintendo 64
That's so one of my favorite levels. Okay, that is a classic, but it's also
That's also owned by Jeffrey Epstein Bob-omb field. Yeah, Bob-omb field is owned by Jeffrey Epstein
He he contracted that the bomb to stand at the top of the mountain in just nobody even knows why he
Well, why is he a king? Well, I'm a king. Okay. Well, now you're spreading conspiracies
Bob-omb field is owned by Jeffrey Epstein
They said just a fact. Why do you know that because I'm Luigi. I like it a shit
Okay, I think we've talked to him enough. Well, so there's one more question. What's the best Mario world normal water firegrass desert or
ice
Really good question. I like it the island
You just said it's a bad level
No, the Mario are a squirts and it's all on an island ever level in the game is island
That's my favorite
But they said different I only one of the levels in that game is Epstein's Island
I didn't know one of them was I'll never tell you which but one of the levels in the game is
Epstein Island is it the hotel one? Nope. I'll do if you know, that's the whole island
Yeah, what is your accent a so weegee type accent?
Okay, that's not an accent at all I would like to leave is that an option can I call can I hope
Wave the white flag of surrender here we gee. I don't appreciate you being here and you've done a bad job
Okay, that's a fire
All right, thanks. Yeah, I guess we're done with you for the day
Okay, well, I'll be staying here all day if you need me again. I'll read you
Bye I'm done. That's all I quit at least today you quit now
I'll be back but but I should case honestly I should quit
Yes
Who's the best intern an insane question that I will nonetheless
Answer today while a different guy
Probably defends Jeffrey Epstein. I'm not gonna do that. You probably think the best intern is
Ghislaine
That's she's not an option. I don't really understand the options
We've never learned the names of the two interns. So it's gonna be difficult to even get to the bottom of this today
Well, there's the lady one. There's the guy one and that's seemingly for no reason
Blark was introduced blark Bork
That's his first name
Feels it does feel very made up. It is. I mean all names are made up
So another dumb thing to put on your record as a thing you said add it to the record of dumb things
You've said crumb. It's no one's keeping a record of that
We say so many things and you in particular never stop fucking talking. Oh you relax your burps
I didn't just burp. Yes, you did I
Literally didn't know you function you just fully burped. I
Didn't feel it released from my throat
They came I can smell it and it unless it came from you know what I'm not gonna ask
but
Okay, um
We're just debating the best intern
I think it's the lady one because I actually support women and I believe that women have um
Well, you know, I wouldn't say like I
Won't say all the rights, but I'm in support of them being strong creatures. What no look
I'm saying like they should
Ideally they have all the rights like do they I don't know but I'm in support of them
What are you trying to say I support women is what I'm saying
It's a controversial statement coming from me. That was that controversial. I do as well
Yeah, right
There's the J. Bear shell looking intern who I guess I
Dave you know, you're not ahead in the plane count
So first one to get a plane gets to support women
No, that's ridiculous and I'm a if the plane count is tied that I'm functionally ahead
It doesn't make any sense. I don't even know if the planes are working right now
Mmm
Something just happened. Look the planes look totally fucked up right now. They're not working correctly. The important thing is fuck we're tied again
Shit, um wait who got it first?
You got it first. I was ahead for a second, but now we're tied again
So I support women. No, I'm ahead and I support women
Why are the planes trapped behind our letters? I don't know
Okay, I don't understand how planes work. They're in stealth mode because we're at war
We are well, we're always kind of a war. Anyway, I support women. I'm on the female intern side. Whatever name is
Lucy Sarah or whatever
From oh geez, okay
look
There was some controversy
Last time because I played my favorite Baywatch theme song over our debate and everyone said well
That's not really the Baywatch theme song. Well, it's my preferred Baywatch theme song
But I understand that there are more than one Baywatch theme song. I like the classic one. This is the classic
This is the correct one
Not heard this this is obviously the correct one
Well, we're not debating that
What is going on with something weird has happened with the with the alerts all admit that
This is not effective debate music. I'm just getting I'll turn it up thinking about Baywatch
That's the appeal of Baywatch. You can hear this song anywhere. You got immediately turned up
but
Where you to discuss interns today?
Art. Okay. I guess we are look
Who's the superior intern
Some would argue
The lady has more pizzazz someone argues are the same exact
character
Just one has different curly hair. All I know is I think the guy technically appeared first
You can't prove that no one can no one's gonna remember
But I think cuz he was the first one to appear on screen
Shit blark is winning oh fuck but I actually thought blark is the best you can't do that
Look, I like Paul Paul blark intern guy. Okay?
Well, look, um, I said the male intern is no I said the male intern so it should be mine
I'm claiming blark because you refused to that you could then you get two options
How is that fair you should have claimed blark when you had the chance?
I said at first and the right of Prima intern is being observed by me Ralph Munch cut and there's no time to debate it
I fucking win. Yes. Yeah. Yes
Whoa, what is going on down there?
Look, we're summoning a black bar of doom munch
I added black sensor bars to my to my
Sirens why cuz there's a bunch of this fully the John is behind them now. I added
big open the John a graphics behind
My sirens and then case said they had to be censored. So that's unfortunate. Just know you're missing out chat
What I added there is beautiful
Chattach saying I won
He didn't claim blark. He claimed the curly-haired intern then mid debate. I claimed blark
That's everyone knows that's insanely unfair. You didn't ever claim blark. Okay? Blark was a intern without a home and
Then I bravely said I know everybody hates blark and he's a dark horse candidate
But I will take on the burden of supporting blark
You catch lighter once his points back you can't just do this people's points are on the line people rely on those points
To what can you do with points?
Maybe they've enough points you could buy a house. I don't know he literally all you do is using to vote on this shit
Okay, and today you voted correctly for the first time in too long
to side with me
The best ever
Disappointing
You tried to bribe a girl to kill Chrome with 150k points and it worked
And then somehow the power of democracy which I'm increasingly against I'll be real
This whole show was predicated on voting and you claim to be a politician
I'm just saying like look democracy has its drawbacks and one of them is somehow it also brought you back
It killed you then it also somehow brought you back from the dead. You have like a hairpick in your
Wig today my wig what what are you talking about?
No
What do you mean? That's my mic
That's one of my many labs that I wear in my hair because I got a them professional
You're not even laughed. We have two big-ass mics in our faces well one each
Just take off the wig what's your hair like under there you just balged me. That's not a wig
Okay, if anything I have to keep my hair gray
That's the only thing on a fake is really I have incredibly lustrous blonde hair
I dye it gray to not emasculate other men take off my wig. I
Maybe I should get one
I'm not above wearing a wig. I think guys should have a little more fun with their sense of fashion with their sense of whimsy
There's many female rap artists that I that often wear wigs and and weaves and I think they look like I think they look
Fantastic every time Nicky Nicki Minaj drives on a new wig. I'm like that's it. That's a bold look
I think guys need to start having that much fun with their head
So maybe I'll start wearing a wig. Nope. You're not allowed. This is the only look you get
It is functionally impossible for you to wear a wig. I
Don't think it's that impossible
and
We just look around here for see if I can get a wig
Trump do not wear a wig
You will look weird as fuck with a wig. Okay, I found one
How's this where'd you get that I found a wig?
For some reason there was a wig in one of the drawers
Is this a good look?
This is not correct. This is not allowed. I feel like
There's a kind of a fun look
Welcome to munchin grumb. We're actually brothers. Oh shut the fuck up. No, we are not
We are
Absolutely not this man is a liar
This man is a danger to society
This man is a friend of Jeffrey Epstein. You took the wig off already
You gave up on the wig look that fast crumb that is pathetic. Look. It was itching my scalp terribly something fierce
But I do think I was pulling it off better than you well. Mine is my actual hair crumb
So what you're saying doesn't make any sense
You bit Kendra wasn't hungry after seeing crumb
Well, my guess is she is in cases probably busy not feeding her
Why should it be cases responsibility to feed another adult because
Life should be an active service
And if the only thing you're serving is yourself. Well, you're essentially masturbating perpetually all over existence
crumb shot
You can't call someone else out for masturbating and then your victory pose is wanking the air. No, this is a victory shake
That's like what we call the triple the triple fish pump of victory. Oh, boom
Excuse me, you don't want to feed me see case
Crumb lunch. Who are you even mad at right now?
Well, Kendall would probably be mad at case, but she should be mad at munch because he's the one speaking out of turn
You're trying to defend case right now
I'm saying you should never feed another person the only responsibility is to feed yourself and I'm saying that's an insane
Statement it's a joy to get to help take care of other people and I'd also like to say
Kendall is always watching. That's completely ridiculous. She's never watching
How could the one time she's watching be the time that I munch the most lovable character on the show
Say anything about her at all
Normally, I would just say Kendall's the best in case you do whatever she says
But I was playing devil's advocate
Angels advocate, that's I don't like that term. I was playing God's disciple
That's all I do every time I make an argument. All I'm doing is playing God's disciple
What kind of lie was always on your side and I do want to feed you in fact, I'd love to feed the world if I could
But fortunately, there's just not enough time and I'm but one man
But I'd be happy to invite you over for dinner. Please stop inviting Kendall over for dinner
That is that counts as assault when you do it
No, I in a platonic way, I would love to feed you a meal. It's an open offer
Come over to come over to the house crumb fuchsias and I will feed you a meal
Why would you name your house after your middle name? You so you remember my middle name?
That's all the fucking time we have Jesus Christ. Just like the button
Kendall I'll feed you better than he ever could
Okay, I
Just ordered you a burrito
Intern do that. There's an intern out there. I'm demanding that you order Kendall a burrito or something. Does she like burritos?
I'm asking you crumb. I'll never tell if she likes. Why would I tell you that you fucking traitor?
My point is I've won okay
I'm one fair and square by declaring my victory mid debate and that's all the time we have
Somehow I missed a call from Kendall guys settle down audience
Hello
Wait one second. This my music's way too loud. I gotta stop it. Yes
You did
Sorry, I was on break while the other two people on my stream talked
six times
Yeah, I did take a bad I had to take a bathroom break and I'm not allowed to take my phone in there anymore
Peter said I can't
Coming home right now
So wait, I do I do need to feed you then I
Figured there must be a reason that you were in the chat and I should have known
Okay, I don't have time to cook so I guess I have to order his food
live and sleazy says pollo comparo and
Propaganda says curry chicken or fo any I need some direction here
Chat we okay there we go chat we've been very good and we've been eating in so
We've earned ourselves a little treat
Of Thai food. I did our kitchen is full of both things and things I need to put away
Okay
Okay
11 minutes that's so fast how far away from home are you?
Okay
See I
We both forget things like to feed each other or that I'm streaming. I've been eating carrots all day does that count?
Maybe do you want
Pad Thai
Do you want pad see you I mean okay? There it is. I'm getting it. I'm ordering it
Okay
But what do I want is the question
Maybe I just eat more carrots like my favorite cartoon
Guy who eats carrots
Crab rangoon real crab fried rice
Grasprout kai dough
Who fried or steamed dumplings now we're talking
Shit our fried or steamed dumplings better. I already ordered so this is this is a question with a right and wrong answer
steamed fried steamed fried 5050. I don't know what I want
Coconut shrimp
Maybe I should just get coconut shrimp
Wait, did you want chicken or tofu Kendall?
Okay, that just I just decided for myself because I already added chicken pads. See you so all does eat that
There now we're all set up
Get the coconut shrimp and the sauce says card King
Do you want a Thai tea?
Okay me there. I
Want that either. Oh should I subscribe to uber one?
It asks it asks in a way every time where you can't opt out of it. That's pretty fun
You have to literally close the app or it'll auto sign you up for it
All right, it's on the way. It'll be here. It lied to me. It'll be here in 15 to 32 minutes
So that's right on time
Okay, I try to do the rest of this thing that I do
All right. I'll see you soon
Goodbye
Goodbye
Guys
That's the candle when yeah, I know crazy right
Pretty crazy stuff the Kendall in
Colin and live on the stream. Yep
Do give it up for her and keep and don't stop okay stop
Do you have sriracha sauce at least? Yes
Yeah, I do
What's sriracha
Forbidden spice one of the forbidden spices. Okay. Look, let's get into this. All right. Give it up for our guests
Okay, they're coming in from elsewhere in the studio up first. It's blark. Yeah
Hey guys, it's me blark. I'm an intern. I work really hard and moving up
We also have the cool intern who's a lady. I think Jenna Jenna start to the J Jenny Genevieve
Just call me J. Okay
Xander, thanks so much. Thank you Xander. That's kind
Everybody settle down. I it is Jan. That's right. Right, so you remembered I
Feel like you remembered my birthday because someone remembered my name. I
Can't believe I have to do this am I getting credit for this?
Well, what is credit? Yes, you're getting like credit everybody shut the fuck up
You guys are crazy
honestly
Keep applauding me do it silently. Thank you
Don't let those hands actually connect. You're doing it right. Thank you
They really do what you say intern
Somebody's got to tell everybody what to do around here
What have you ever done that you actively avoid work you are being a huge asshole I just some happy to I'm happy to
Be with my friends right
Okay, let's get into it
First question of the day. Yes, you there you have a question for us. Let us know what it is
Yes, or not to feed that is the question
What is the is it to feed or to I guess eat
You have to I
Kind of would like to not because I have to get everybody food all the time and it's annoying if people didn't eat
It would be better for me
I'm actually kind of pro starvation, but apparently it's my job to go get food. I mean you're an intern
You're just supposed to be getting office experience of the experience of getting you food
Well, look, I just got somebody food. There's nothing wrong with getting people food. Yeah, I disagree
disagree I
Disagree with your question. Oh, um, I
Don't I I don't think you should eat either. I think um, I
Don't think anybody I think do away with
Throats what I'm just agreeing with you. I think you're cool and I agree with you
So get rid of throats and stomachs
Whatever cows have them and cows suck you guys know what I mean
Cuz cows eat what are you fucking talking about?
What is this guy talking about?
This guy's an what is this guy's problem? Yeah, what is this guy's fucking problem? What a weirdo
I'm not on your side either case, but what is this guy's problem guys, please? I'm just I'm kid
We're having fun though. This guy's a fucking idiot
I
Guess next next question. I'll ask the questions, please. I'll trigger the next questions next question, please
Some people argue about pineapple on pizza, but what are your thoughts about pineapple on spaghetti? Oh
Um, probably go straight to mouth jail. Are you fucking weirdo? Come on. No
Oh, no, how about nah?
Yeah
Why don't you put a pineapple in your in your fucking nostrils?
Come on man. Just just be your own person
I'm sorry to you Jan
Not to you. You're gross for liking that. I was kidding. I'm fine with this guy. This guy seems fine to me
Can he could pick up my tone?
So we're chill
But what you're doing is rude. Yes, her tone is really good and yours is bad
Blark, I'm sorry that I will apologize fucking
Athetic dude. What I'm sorry. Okay. I'm sorry. Thank you next question
I will ask the next questions, please next question, please you there
Shouldn't just get paid. Yeah, no what no that's the whole point is that we're interns. Oh, I agree
Don't do that man
Stop doing that. Um, okay. Uh, we should we should not I don't think we need to I think
My parents have money and I seem fine. Yeah, it's totally reasonable. I mean, yeah, all intern parents have money
so
Can we do a fun race stream for Vanessa Guerrero? So she has a roof over her head until December
Yeah
Yeah
Feel like we would need to ask her shot
Dude, don't put words in Vanessa's mouth. I was saying I feel like we need to ask her first dude stop
Making assumptions about what Vanessa would or wouldn't want
From you
We shouldn't ask her. Yeah, that seems to be what you're saying. No, I mean I was trying to say the opposite
We should ask her about that kind of thing first. Oh my god, dude. Wow dude take it easy, man
Can you guys stop stop what? Can you not tell us what to do?
Clark, this is why I don't have you on
Okay, I guess next I will ask next. Thank you next question
I trip and just hoping this comment also makes it to the streets
Also, what is your policy on Ouija appearances in the future?
I feel like I can't say the right thing. Just say what you think. I think that Ouija guy was kind of hot
That's what I think bring him back case
He can't deny that he's
Got a thing
Is that like a gen z thing? I'm not gen z dude get it together
Yeah, dude
We're younger than that. You are old
Clearly
I'm an intern. Yeah, like a 40 year old intern
I mean what you're saying is insane gen. Yeah, I'm fucking crazy. Everybody loves it. Look at him. They're not they're plotting silently
I'm a fucking maniac
I'm a savage
I'm a fucking savage
But what are you gonna fire me? I mean, I don't know if that works. You're an intern
I will fire you though, blark
Please don't
I will
Jen, what is your favorite? They cousin. Why doesn't case like to feed his partner?
I think because he's like a selfish
I'm like a case. This isn't your question
I I don't yeah, he never has food around the office. I bring food from home. You brought those wet white rice crispy treats
Well, they're
They're rice crispy treats with a caramel drizzle
Dude, they were soaking wet. I don't know why that would have happened
They're just rice crispy treats with a caramel drizzle
Dude, they were fucking
Soaking wet white crispy treats
I thought somebody fucked up cereal and forgot to put cereal in a bowl
They were so fucking wet
They were really soaked dude
Let's just maybe go with the next switch dude. How many times I have to say it. I will ask the next questions
I'll be the one who do that
Blark
um
Did you have something you want to say miss?
Maybe
Blark tell us what it's like to be a woman in the workplace. Oh
This feels like an absolute trap. Oh really you can't put yourself in the position of a woman in the workplace
Your imagination doesn't extend that far. I guess we seem like
Total fucking aliens to you blark. I don't know. Why would I assume?
um
They're plotting to take me to task blark
They're sick of your shit man. They really are dude
Oh, don't be overly exasperated blark. What I'm not being stop faking your emotions blark
Good be still
Be perfectly still blark. I'll tell you the best thing right now
Okay, um next question, please
I prefer the other curly hair intern who's obviously a teenager. Where's he at?
Do you not know?
Sorry, let me move my hair out of my face
Um
He went to go see begonia
Oh, I kind of want to see that. Oh now you do
Guess it's just another boomer movie
Um, also wait he is
I have him clocked in currently
Yeah, he's seeing begonia
Said for work
How is that for work? We already have a guy and he only watches trailers
He said it was for work
I guess I don't it could be anyone could have asked him to do it. So maybe get off his back
I
I thought I was supposed to do that though. I got a email saying go see begote
Go see begonia pay for it yourself
Don't see it with any friends
Take copious notes and give them to me. I got that from um
Like a some guy named chris
Did you do that? Yeah, I saw I saw it twice. He said to see it twice and take copious notes
Well, the other interns also seeing it. So hopefully your notes are better
I just I didn't even enjoy it that much. Oh, is that your note? Uh, no spoilers, dude
No, I'm just saying I didn't even like the movie that much
I saw it twice for work and I paid myself
Are you gonna reimburse me?
Dude, this is we are on you're trying to trying to cultivate like a positive vibe here
That's what this is all about this whole show is about a positive fun vibe and you're killing it right now
Dude, I don't usually agree with case
But you do make me feel dark and sad in a way that I might not recover from
Okay, let's just keep going that I feel like we're getting off on the wrong foot here
I don't know if this one can talk
Uh, can you talk puffy bear? I don't know if that's one of your
Okay, but didn't you have more question than that puffy bear?
That's dude dude. Yeah. Yeah, we do
Oh, is that how you laugh? No, I don't know that reference. So
I'm gonna try being honest
I don't know what's happening. I don't know why people are being so mean to me
I mean, what did we just say about the vibes, dude? Okay. Well, let's I think there's more. I don't know how many of these are out
But there's more
Case your grandpa showed up
And you can't talk anymore
Kevin can you just say what you got it was can you say what you need to say?
Is just here to reveal
But see right
God, he didn't say it
In just here to reveal blart's secret that he's madly in love with jen
Kevin why
Why?
Oh
Oh
Can we just move on? Yeah, I think it's best if we just move on Kevin. I don't know about that man
I don't know what that moves
Eggnog
Yeah, your name. Yeah. Mm-hmm. No
Wait, which?
No
I think I said, yeah, what do you think though blark?
Because this could change everything. What do you mean?
What do you think about eggnog this could change everything?
It's okay
I'm confused as to what your guys opinion on this is but thank you for your question, jeremy renner
Blark what the fuck man? What did I do to you?
Preach honestly preach thank you for saying that
Who would win in a fight jen or blark jen? No
No
I have a I have a crazy bone
What I have a crazy bone
What does that mean one of my bones is bad I'd lose
Uh
What do you just a crazy bone?
I don't need to get into my medical history with both of you right now
But I am my doctors forbid me from fighting because I would lose because of my crazy bone
Do you mean condition? No just one bone. It's off in a bad way and it makes me incapable of fighting
Physically that's why mentally I have to be incredibly sharp
It's a really common condition
You said it's not a condition. It's a condition where I have a crazy bone
I'm sorry that you're going through that. No, you're not don't try to relate to me
Okay
Hmm you liked that. Hmm
Okay, next question I guess
You dude, okay take it fucking easy man
Honestly
Don't get into blark. Don't tell me what to fucking do dad
You've hated blark this whole time. Don't start being into blark case
Shut the fuck up and let her make her own decisions
Okay, whatever it's you you too crazy kids do what you're gonna do. Let's just see how many more questions we have
This is a test
Of what
Maybe the test was of me
To become a man
You you ruined it dude. You ruined it
That's all the time we have
You fucking bro, dude
Bye
God she's so cool
Is she?
Obviously, yes
This guy gets it. I like how you look man. I like your whole vibe
We should chill
Blark you're all over the place. I guess so okay. I gotta get back to work
All right, thanks everybody for uh submitting all your questions. We'll come back to the town hall
These crazy kids. I don't get how y'all how millennial romances work. So
Uh, thanks. Thanks for the questions and we'll see you next time
Down here in the town
Okay, listen to this victory music group. Actually, you know what listen to this baywatch music
I got to run outside
And talk to a courier
I need to consult my courier
They need to get confused by my fishtie. I'll be right back. What do I have baywatch music at the ready?
Crumbs request
Okay
This song is about vietnam
That's not about bactemis
Let's get out of here for the day. We're gonna send it to dj music
Um, we did this crumb segment. This is lying to us
This is a lie. It's about jasmine bleath. That makes more sense to me
Also, I can't quite remember who jasmine bleath is but
I know it was someone
Probably looks good in a bikini
Let's send it down to dj music to do whatever he does to get us out of here for the day
And uh, then we'll be back on friday with
More even more. Uh, but for now it's music time
A freaking glasses are missing the right pair of glasses is gone. I gotta wear these hideous
non pink glasses
Ruining my day. Just kidding. I never have been bothered for a second
In fact, it's all love
Whoo
Let me turn on my lasers
Yeah, these are kind of cop glasses. That's true
I'll find my purple glasses. Don't worry. Well pink
Maybe I'll get some new purple glasses. Is this gary boggling
As far as I know, I'm dj music, but I'm open to suggestions
About being a different guy
Oh, yeah, those lasers are popping off everybody the lasers are active
Okay, let's talk about jeremy renner calling ice on his new girlfriend. All right
We need a this is going to be a darker song than usual
Let's go to ign for this one. We never get to use ign as a news source on this
On this roof here
This is just the kind of story covered by ign
Turn down this music just a little bit. Let me find some but let me find an appropriately dark and stormy track
To discuss this troubling renner news one of the heroes of this stream
One of the heroes of this city
The avenger himself the snowplow warrior
Jeremy renner
Could he possibly be a bad guy?
All right
How could he be when he's one of the most famous good guys ever to shoot bow and arrows at robots?
Apparently it's possible. All right. Let me see. Let me see what we got here new track
Called intensity
Let's get a little more intense in here
Ladies gentlemen squirms and worms
Is that is that let you know about the dark story of
One Jeremy renner
Jeremy where did you go?
Turn on my track. This is too quiet. It's not sensual enough
Not darkly sensual enough
Let's talk about this potentially actually troubling jerry jerry renner news
The human arrow
Oh, no, Jeremy renner. Where did your reputation just go?
Oh, God star jerry renner denies harassment allegations just about all of the time as he trades cease and desist letters
with director ye joe
Marvel actor Jeremy renner has denied allegations of harassment all of the fucking time made by film and baker director ye joe
After they work together
In a daily mall interview published just about last week
Jue claimed renner became violent during a house meet
In august or it's alleged the actor drank a bottle of
Don't worry. Just why?
But jue said he then locked herself in a room
Overnight he said that it was for safety
That seems kind of fucking crazy
In a letter text conversation
Which zoo accused jeremy renner of being a pig and sending her a couple of explicit photos
The chinese director claimed renner replied with
Immigration will be notified of your dot dot dot
That's nasty on the spot. The rest of the message may be cut off, but um
Pictured here jeremy renner is pointing
Towards where he touched someone on the doll
Seems like maybe shockingly
Fiona nova could be vindicated
Is it possible that jeremy renner was a bad guy the whole time?
No, I don't want to believe it
But the people say that we all need it. We gotta be honest
Was hawk guy always a piece of shit? Oh, no
Seems like it could be so
Might need to go get feefy down on this flow
Because jeremy renner seems to have made ice jokes while simultaneously doing sexual harassment
It's never the ones that you definitely never expected
That there's no record of you consistently expecting to be a piece of shit for literally multiple years
And possibly at a time where it was seemingly almost like you were bullying a man who was medically wounded
We need to really dig into the snowplough conspiracy again. How many bottles of wine did he drink that day?
It seems to only take one for him to say some pretty wild shit
So how many does it take for him to stand in the direct path of a snowplow?
It's a fair question actually at this point possibly a less fair question
two and a half years ago
But the truly brave asked anyway
Okay, I guess um he healed very quickly
Well, it has been a minute
It has been some time at least
Look at this time jeremy renner famously played hawk eye, but that doesn't mean that he's the hawk guy
For our expert opinion on this particular case
As we like to do we're going to go to someone um
Tuned into this particular story. It's not hawk eye
But it's the hawk guy
Here to provide his expert commentary
I'm assuming I hope so. I hope he's a fucking expert because this is a touchy story that we need to get right
So let's send it to him
It's a huge get for the roof here
Sending us out for the day
It's hawk guy
Whoa, where's our beat?
Oh shit, I can sense that he's coming
Hawk guy save us from ourselves
Could it say it's not so
One of the heroes of the s-vengers
Jeremy renner's reputation in ruins hawk guy. What's your take on this situation?
Let us know
Get lit
My reputation just took a hit
Call me hawk guy because this shit don't miss jeremy renner
You got me pissed
You took my reputation and you took a piss
You went burping out your dick, but you're still talking shit
Call us on this and cool off shit
Hot guy, I'm gonna change your beat up. We need a beat that goes harder than this
I don't I don't know if you can I don't know if this this can contain you hot guy
Look
There comes a time in every hero's life
Where the the the guy that he kind of looks like
Is played by a different guy. I'm hawk guy to be cleared
To be clear different than hawk guy different guy than hawk. I I'm hawk guy
But let me just say as someone who never misses well actually my thing is I miss
About six percent of the time, but that's a she that's a really high hit rate for a guy. That's true
Anyway for a guy that very rarely misses only six percent of the time the amount of strays. I'm catching
Is fucking nuts
What is this beat?
I don't actually know man. Is there a beat here?
You tell me the guy you're fucking nephew curse you're blue
Jeremy renner with the blood. I don't know. I'm upset about my reputation
Is that clear I guess
Hawk guy, you know, I got a dream and that's to make my reputation so squeaky clean
I'm supposed to be that man who only misses six percent
But your reputation man, it's gotta be so spent you talking shit about some chinese director and even how
You're gonna get more fucked up than another snow plow after you have just about six bottles of wine
And you see that it's just about
Ranner time
Bye. Okay, I guess that was this that was the end
And also from what I can hear it sounds like kendall is home
So let's call it there for the day
And see who's on
Because it's food time, baby
all right
That's another stream we got in the bag
Kendall coming in, you know, I don't mean to brag but she's looking so nice in her tiger vest
And I'm a shutout chap, baby because you know you the best all right
We done
We go to settle down, baby
Sell off into the sun it's time to rate another because we got the dream
I'm gonna show you well while I read our boy Bruce green
Lawless, Leasy in the chat
Yeah, that's the master of my propaganda, you know he's telling lies never got okay
Matt Liddell as well giving them hell and skimer, baby coming in
Let's ring the bell. Kendall anything you want to say before we get out of here for the day
Yeah, don't you don't use the n word at work. That is some classic advice that maybe you need or jeremy
Renner needs her who knows who needs it
But I'm not saying anything I cannot confirm
I've confirmed
Yeah to be clear our official stance here is don't say it's okay
I guess it depends where you work and who you work with and who you are right
Yeah, but a corporate job
If you work for various popular twitch streamers you're currently saying it and that's part of your job
But in other jobs you're not supposed to you're not allowed to say it especially
Yeah
All right guys. I'm going to send you out Bruce greensway. It is time to feed and water this Kendall right here
Have a beautiful rest of your Wednesday. We'll be back on Friday as we return
To our regularly scheduled streaming services of whatever the shit that we're doing is have a beautiful night everybody
Bye-bye
They're gone they're gone
This is the secret stream now Kendall listen to the music we've been playing this whole time
Dancing like crumb over here