I'm Papito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live.
And I'm a dog.
Hello everybody.
Uh oh.
Am I going to phase out of existence?
We'll find out together.
Got the collar popped.
The computer seems to be struggling.
Again.
Say it ain't so computer.
Uh, well maybe it'll be-
Oop.
Uh.
I'm glitching.
I'm going to try to fix this.
A little hot early stream fix.
One second everybody.
You are going to lose all the fun audio and everything.
One second.
Sometimes that does it.
Papito are you?
No, that's me.
Papito are you doing okay?
Yeah.
Why wouldn't I be-
Grr.
Papito you're also-
You're also glitching slightly.
Not me.
It couldn't be me.
I'm higher fidelity than I was last time.
That's true.
So nothing is wrong.
Obviously I have a hairy chest.
I'm a dog.
This is scandalous though.
I'm going to- assistant button me up.
Yeah this is someone else's hands.
I make them stay below me.
These are going to- I have pause to say you know.
Thank you assistant.
Oh is that my cousin?
Is he still your assistant?
Yeah but I don't want it.
He doesn't get to be shown.
Because he didn't bring me a latte this morning.
What's a latte?
A latte cheese.
A cheese latte?
No a latte- a lot of cheese.
It's fucking good.
Nobody has my back.
Sorry Papito.
Everybody needs to get my back.
And scratch the bugs off.
And it's covered in bugs.
What?
There's tons of bugs on my back.
Because I eat bugs and I spit up into the air and they landed on my back.
I was playing bug back catcher.
What?
I play a game where I eat bugs and I spit them in the air and I catch them on my back.
That's on you Papito.
So I'm called them fleas I call them.
A city that lives on me.
A city of bugs.
It's a great title for a musical.
No it's not.
Oh yeah I guess it's not.
Okay well good to see everybody.
Are you winning?
Correct.
The answer to that is 1000%.
Testing.
Test has failed.
Finger blast Friday.
Yay!
I don't know if that's what it means.
I don't know.
Pass.
Anyway good to see everybody.
It is good to see everybody.
Mr. Wupiubu Subbreechi live in sleazy Apple Daple.
Oh my god we got a conspiracy time.
Although in light of certain news Clementine has gone back into hiding.
He was trying to make it come back.
Fortunately live in sleazy has requested Guy Redacted who is currently the only option.
That guy is always in hiding.
Yeah well you know when you look like someone awful sometimes you catch strays I would know.
Has he looked like a hamburger without the mask?
No I look like I'm not even gonna say it.
Okay.
Speaking of there's terrible news to cover as usual.
So let's not waste any time.
Let's torture ourselves with the burden of a tiny bit of knowledge.
It's time for some news.
Great news everyone.
It's me again.
Oh man.
Oh I always so mean right off the bat.
I'm just here to salute to the country with the national pastime of a guy talking about the news on a screen.
Got my country tears of thee.
In sweet land of liberty.
That song makes me cry.
But that's partially because certain notes.
I have a sympathetic reaction to them in a way that doesn't make sense.
I burst into tears.
You don't seem to be crying out.
It's because I didn't hit the chorus.
What's the chorus of that song?
Two's from C to SHINee.
You don't even know the song Rick.
I know every anthem that's America related including
Americano-Evern.
Hit the D sharp.
Well I'll tell you what my my D is my D game is sharp.
Does that work?
Just gonna leave me hanging?
Not gonna be all the way over there?
Sitting so far away from me.
Alright well.
The news!
Let's get into it.
Immigration.
Formerly known as immigration.
Now known as deportation or as summer calling it a return to renditions.
As Trump's conflict with the judges has escalated to new heights.
As he doubles down.
Well what he says is he's got it.
Ooh someone's approaching.
Oh my god.
Who's that walking over here?
You gotta come here and your music's playing.
Well they can't see you from the way it sounds.
Just don't go that far.
She eats a win.
Why?
Because her name is what?
Kendall?
Kendall.
Crabaclos thank you so much for the 14 months.
What'd you want to say?
Yeah we have to tell chat too.
So watching level is just not weird.
They won't see you from here though.
What if I lift you into the air suddenly?
Yeah let's see.
There's a lovely love on the spectrum.
A girl goes on a date.
She's like I'm really interested in church.
That's where I've met all my friends.
Do you have any interest in that?
He's like I have more interest in going to the gym.
Walking around the mall.
Sitting in the massage chairs.
And you can tell there's a climb of interest.
It's like sweeping fast.
It's like ohhhh.
So it was the first interest.
What was the first interest then?
What's the top interest?
Top interest?
Oh they both love cartoons and animations.
I thought it was so funny that she was like
are you interested in church?
He's like I'm interested in massage chairs at most.
It's a religion for some.
I feel like you need a kind of a religious level of faith to sit in one of those things.
So I kind of get it.
I'm sad that I'm not watching Love on the Spectrum with you.
He did tell me about the Tism test that him and Cass sometimes.
I know we were both scoring so surprisingly low.
Which apparently means we don't have it.
Yeah but you guys should have done each other.
You guys should have done yourself.
Oh we should have guessed each others.
You're right.
Because you can cheat your way into an answer
because you think you know yourself
or you want to hide the way you think you know yourself.
Yeah that's a good point.
Yeah that would have been better.
Maybe we'll do the...
We have to get Kevin or Fiona to do both of us.
Oh my gosh no you gotta do.
Kevin and Fiona needs to do each other.
Kevin and Fiona doing each other.
Fiona doing either me or Kevin.
I think Cass would be very funny or Kevin really whatever.
If they ever show up I'll say like hey can you take a minute to fill this out.
About Cass.
I won't make him do me.
You're assuming Mega64 broke the test.
How do you go 30 for 30?
I feel like the answers are it's a little obvious what to pick if you want to.
The autism.
If you want to pump it up.
Oh yeah.
Although I still don't feel like I have a good understanding of what autism even is exactly.
You know like when you see it I feel like you get it.
You're like okay sure but someone could say they have it.
I'd be like I don't know.
I think there's like a lot of it being like are they neurotypical or not.
Yeah but it can't just be neurotypical.
Isn't it supposed to be more specific than that?
Yeah but I think it's like a start.
It's a start for sure.
Fiona showing up out of nowhere to take it would be on it.
She's autistic.
I feel like it'd be very Fiona if she just knocks the score into the triple digits.
Yeah.
Which she can't even do out of nowhere.
I don't think Fiona is though.
But I could see her just nailing that test in a specific way.
Cass is autism coded.
That's his claim.
Yeah but he took the test.
I know he was shaken in his faith in his own.
Shaken in his faith.
In his own autism.
The bedrock of his being is believed that he's probably autistic.
Whoa chat.
Kendall got some new perfumes.
So they're expensive.
Treat yourself.
I did it for work.
I tried to find a work sent.
She got a work sent and a...
I'm trying to find a spring summer sent.
Oh and a spring summer sent.
No I'm trying to find a spring summer sent.
Oh she's trying to find a spring summer sent.
I found the work sent.
I think it's safe for work.
SFW?
Smells?
Yeah yeah yeah yeah.
Smells safe for work.
I think she got so the smell she got for work.
And this is an important part of the news day chat.
She got one that smells like rice.
The internet likes to say it smells like
opening up a rice cooker.
It smells like a rice cooker.
With sesame oil.
With sesame oil.
But like it dries down to like a more musky powdery scent.
And that's what I really like about it.
It? They're not wrong.
It smells a little bit like a rice cooker.
But like...
Yeah I mean that's like the point.
Slightly more...
Slightly more like a perfume version of that.
Yeah yeah yeah yeah.
The sweet underbacking of chemicals.
Rice is nice.
Fresh rice is nice.
What's that? It's by Diptych.
And it's L'Op Appierre.
L'Op Appierre.
It's supposed to smell like paper?
No it's just...
Appierre is like P-A-P-I-E-R.
People call it paper.
PAPI-E-R.
The paper one.
The paper smell.
I got my drinks invisible.
I'm drinking the air.
I drink mine so fast.
I want to finish Kendall's stream
so I can make her stream.
But I barely have time to stream myself lately.
But I could after this just...
I need like two hours and then it can all be good to go.
Oh okay I'll leave.
No no I mean for your stream.
Oh I see.
Well no we gotta figure out my computer problem.
We gotta do all the HDMI cords.
Oh I gotta get a new HDMI cord.
But when I was working on it it wasn't crashing.
Yeah it's some days it doesn't.
And then other days it doesn't like five times a day.
Sometimes my computer stops working entirely.
Or my various cameras.
Yeah I'm not sure though.
So much so that I'm tempted to do it.
So much so that I'm tempted to get a whole other computer just for fun.
But that's just because I'm buying things
like all Americans.
It makes me very happy.
And fulfilled.
But I specifically like buying equipment.
You do.
I'm a sucker.
If I lived next to like...
If I lived in New York next to like B&H
I would be on the streets
surrounded by
the most expensive DSLRs.
Yeah it's crazy how much you love like
gadgets specifically for content.
I do.
I have a little content gadget.
I have a content gadget kink.
T-Pain needs to...
Yeah let's message T-Pain.
Hey, do you have a warranty on this?
Can you do something about this?
You set this up and it doesn't work at all.
Maybe it's in transit
because stuff got bumped around or something.
I don't know.
That's what I think. I think in the move
a lot of things got bumped.
Those sensitive graphics cards?
Yeah, unfortunately.
I could text him.
And then he'll be like, who is this?
And I'll be like, oh you don't remember me.
You let it in.
And then he'll be like, do you remember me
being an attractive woman?
And he'll be like, oh yeah come party with me in Florida.
That's like all the text he sends.
No he's here for Coachella.
Oh you're right, he'll be like come party with me at Coachella.
Coachella. I wish man.
I wish I could text him right now.
My number would be immediately blocked
because he's like who is this guy?
How does this person get my number?
Maybe the strike zone from the
original meeting is too far away.
It's so far away.
He paying in Kendall?
It's impossible.
I would say it's impossible. I think it is possible.
Unplug them and plug them in again
on the GPU.
You want me to fish around inside your computer?
Oh yeah you can.
Unplug everything and plug back everything back in.
Start with nudes?
Yeah he probably won't block if you start with nudes.
Start with nudes.
I could send that.
Listen that's disrespectful to his life.
Oh yeah.
Forgot he's married.
But did he forget he's married?
Goodbye.
Bye.
I need a longer song.
Because I secretly want to have
backing a backing track for the whole time
she's here.
But sometimes you don't get to.
Rick?
You didn't even introduce me?
You've been introduced.
You could have said something.
I felt awkward. I felt like a total third wheel.
And we got this
immigration headline on the screen the whole time?
Sorry Rick I can't control everything.
You could control specifically that.
Sorry.
Breaking news.
Now you got me all depressed.
Technically the headline should have you depressed.
Evidence linking Kilmar,
Brigo, Garcia to MS-13
includes a Chicago Bull's hat
and a hoodie.
But you know just includes.
So there's probably other stuff
like tattoos.
Does Rick care? I care too much.
That's always been my only crime.
He's caring too much about this country.
That's the crime of all great Americans.
We care so much.
I can think of a couple other crimes.
Don't think about them right now.
Just forget
about crimes existing to save the country.
The Trump administration is doubling down
on depicting Kilmar or Brigo Garcia
as a dangerous gang member.
The government's proof for this claim appears
to hinge on Chicago Bull's cap and a hoodie.
While Trump continues to float court
orders to facilitate the Maryland father's release
from a notorious El Salvador prison.
Which one do you think they're talking about?
The one where deporting people to.
That aren't even from there?
Probably.
It is pointing to the flimsy evidence
of alleged MS-13 ties adding to a
long running pattern of
dubious gang designations by law
enforcement and immigration agents.
Last month immigration enforcement
officials rounded up hundreds of migrants
under the alien enemies act of 1978.
Accusing them of being members
of gangs administration
deemed terrorist organizations.
Garcia 29 is Salvadoran national.
Was among them.
Do you remember that video?
I don't know if I ever showed.
Chat might have seen it just on Twitter,
but there was that like insanely
dystopian
um
like
uh
deportation video.
Let's see if we can find it.
Hmm.
Maybe not.
Couldn't find it last time.
Maybe it's, I could have just looked
before the stream.
But I didn't.
Oh well.
It sucks, I mean it's shitty that it exists, so.
What was
important context about how
militaristic we are, which
can be a good word.
I never remember that ever being a good word.
Why was the uh, what was the El Salvador
guy doing? Was he into
imprisoning people because Trump says so?
Was he into?
Like to trust Trump
transfer love of imprisonment
to the people who's in prison?
Oh do you mean the
presidents that visited President Trump?
The Salvadoran president, what's his name?
The dictator man.
Captain dictator.
The satellite shot of the prison where it was
just spontaneously covered in blood.
Pookaily, there we go.
Yeah, they had their huge exciting
meeting of the minds.
Or wouldn't you believe it?
They agreed on seemingly everything.
And yet the news won't
report that.
That is the thing that they said. They said that about a number of things
that they were making up at the time.
We watched some of the video before
my incredibly thin
incredibly thin patience ran out. Don't say that, Rick.
I even said it in your voice.
The meeting of being
dick bags.
Dick bags get a bad name.
A whole bag full of dicks could be valuable.
I'm just saying.
The government admitted in court filing
that he was sent there to an administrative error
in violation of a court order blocking his
deportation due to threats of his safety in El Salvador.
This is courtesy of the intercept, by the way.
And honestly, I think they're a little
biased towards
reporting what happened in this case.
Whereas the president's made it clear
what happened is not what
should be reported.
And I really think it's kind of sad that we just
don't stand behind our president anymore.
You mean when he says report
just blatantly false things?
Well, you know, he's asking
sort of
and or telling.
While many of the other detainment
appear to be labeled as gang members, mainly because
of their tattoos, law enforcement officials seem to have
singled a brago Garcia out for his attire.
Additional documents released
by Attorney General Pam Bondi showed
wearing the Chicago Bulls hat represents
that they are a member
in good standing with MS-13.
Case?
I kind of wish I had a Bulls hat now,
but I never went to see a bull.
Oh, no, I did go to see one. You know what? I might have a Bulls hat.
And
putting it on the list,
putting it on the list
of things to deport you with.
Rick, if you wanted to deport me, I'm sure it's
not that hard.
Case is live, but more importantly, I am.
Who says more importantly?
Me! Rick!
Rick, you got to do anything to make people like you.
I smiled.
So making stuff up?
Yes, there's been lots of making stuff up.
Check in on Scotty Pippin.
Scotty can't be reached right now.
Actually, all of the 90s Bulls
have gone missing.
No, they haven't.
But they might.
If they keep rocking those hats.
We're back to having NBA teams
be game colors.
We never stopped using that as an excuse
to arrest people.
We really didn't.
The documents released detail a Prince George County's
police department encounter with a break
in 2019. Officers observed
he was wearing a Chicago Bulls hat and a hoodie
with rolls of money covering
his eyes, ears, and mouth.
Wait. This quote is kind of insane.
I don't...
What?
What are they trying to say here?
Hmm.
Okay.
Just so you can read along, Chad.
Officers observed he was wearing
Chicago Bulls hat and a hoodie with rolls of money covering the eyes ears and mouth of the presidents
They wrote officers know such clothing to be indicative of the Hispanic gang culture
What does that mean a hoodie with rolls of money covering the eyes ears and mouth of the presidents on them?
I'm so confused by this
image
Where where are the presidents?
officers observe he's wearing a Chicago Bulls hat and a hoodie with rolls of money covering eyes ears and mouth
of the president like a picture on the hoodie
So like a picture of the presidents
Whoever took these notes when they were arresting him shockingly they they weren't being that descriptive. I
guess he was I
Feel like we're missing like a sentence here to explain
I'm assuming they're talking with some image on the hoodie. Anyway, the point is it doesn't fucking matter
He was wearing a hoodie with like a graphic on it a game graphic. What makes a game graphic?
If it scares a white cop, it's a game graphic
That is the worst definition ever, but it's also the most accurate. Look just don't wear anything that might scare a white cop
I don't understand why that's so hard
What scares white cops most?
airbrushed images yet
anything airbrushed or
graffiti or any band or
Certain like any any cartoon character smoking a blunt
Terrifies a cop and yet their kids wear those shirts all the time. It is good. I'll give it to you
It's it's a minefield to navigate, but we all need to learn it together because
Otherwise we're not going to get to stay in America
Well, that might not be so bad, but the other thing is you'll also go to sell the Dorian murder prison
You don't get to go to like Sweden
I would imagine it's a pick of a president that you'd see on a bill of some type with the eyes and mouth
Exed out like an album cover. Yeah, that makes way more sense what you just described turbo killer
But what they're describing is rolls of money covering the eyes. So I guess it's rolls of money xing them out
We've spent a lot of time on this
Supportly it's a confusing sentence. I think well, that's because you think
Like a white cop case though, I don't that is awful of you to say Rick
Well, you just you're not understanding the imagery because you're not versed in the culture neither are you and neither is this article
Well, actually the article might be more so at least the article seems to be researched
wrongfully held in Trump's arms
They wrote it badly. I well, yeah, they just I don't know
It's it's a it's an image on a hoodie that they assumed made me they are assuming makes him a part of a gang
And that apparently holds up in court if by holds up you mean you can ignore it when a court tells you that that doesn't hold up
The gang field interview sheet from the Prince Georges County Police Department notes that wearing the Chicago Bulls hat represents that they are a member
Good standing with MS-13. We just said that
Officers also stated they reached out to a confidential informant who claimed that Garcia was a member of MS-13
In court it was revealed that the source claimed Garcia was a member of the gang in New York a place where he lived a
Bringo Garcia has never been charged with a crime and his family maintains that he was never a member of
Any gang but who are we supposed to trust?
The people that know him
I mean maybe not
In every circumstance, but I don't know why we trust an
Administration that has no idea who this fucking guy is just rounding him up in rounding people up in mass and saying they're all gang members
mmm
Well, some people will trust the family and others of us will trust whoever is claiming that facts are whatever they say they are
Typing in hoodie with into Google brings up rolls of money as the first auto complete wait. Yeah, let's Google this hoodie
rolls of money
President's eyes just kind of putting in I can't even find it
The closest thing I've got here is Benjamin Franklin wearing a mask
Which is I'm assuming that's if they if you're wearing this then your
Definitely selling fentanyl
Why would I I don't think any gang members gonna wear this very
basic ass hoodie
What this is cool as hell?
Cool hoodies somehow this immediately brought up slightly conspiratorial looking images
Coincidence well, that's why we have this conspiracy time coming up. I would say that we typed in money so it brought up money pictures
Quite a coincidence then you typed it in literally Rick. I'm just asking questions
And now for answers. Oh wait. No, I'm just gonna keep reading actually a
Gang designation is something that police really used to maintain contact mainly with men of color in low income urban neighborhoods when they can't
Find enough to actually charge them with a crime
Borderlands
Borderland circuitry immigration surveillance in the United States and beyond
You have people with gang designations people on gang databases who are designated on things like clothing from very popular sports brands
It's all happening
AI Rooney has been requested
Shockingly it's time to finally complain a little bit with the power of who knows how good this chat GPT AI has gotten
Every two every two months you are required to check in with AI Rooney by law. It's been signed in
And they're just signing the executive order check in with AI Rooney
Well, that doesn't really make sense, but most the other ones don't so what choice do I have?
Um
All right, you know, you've actually almost read a full article Rick. That's incredibly rare for this
Channel, so I say let's try to land the ship
One of the best readers around Rick. Munez explained that law enforcement agencies usually
Use a nine or ten point system to determine gang affiliation based on factors as mundane as
Subjective and subjective is wearing sports apparel. Okay?
Frequenting a gang area to being placed on a gang database suspects often only need to meet two of the categories
So, you know clothes or walking down the street
So be careful with that stuff you mean the thing that happens anytime you leave the house be careful
Just don't be wearing clothes and walking down the street all willy-nilly. We used to actually think about this stuff
27 months
Now just be careful what you wore while subscribing. Otherwise, you might have just put case on a list of gang affiliated
Twitch streamers. You mean if someone subscribed if they subscribe while wearing like
420 Bugs money t-shirts then
That's another strike against you case you're up to 25 strikes and you can get deported it to
What's the point? Well, you just you know, you know what I do want to make it to the lake the top 100 or or you're out
Okay, so stay inside hidden in a dungeon. Yes, and we've been encouraging you to do that
Not very subtly with various indoctrination tactics for the last 40 years. So you probably are
That was you who did that we've been doing that. Yeah, did you notice? I barely noticed we were doing that
We were doing that to all of you and it's working really well
I bet you're mostly don't leave the house and that was that was one of the things that we did
Really successfully
Wow Rick, I need some I got to give you credit sometimes sometimes we now we not get out of the park
In ethnic in ethnography. You just conducted on gang designation in Los Angeles
She found that Los Angeles police department considered Dodgers gear to be indicative of game membership in certain context in certain context. What context?
Can I be deported for buying a Fiona Nova t-shirt Nova t-shirt and my analyst? Yes, but that is not for gang designation
That's just specifically
We're trying to
Stop the scourge of Fiona on this nation
We don't really get what it is, but we don't like it. Okay. I that one makes slightly more sense
But only slightly more only a little bit, but you know
Though the Chicago Bulls aren't local to Maryland where a Brigo Garcia lived Bulls apparel has reportedly been a best-selling pro basketball apparel in the state
In lots of states some would say one of the most famous basketball teams some would say the most famous
Some would say the most famous basketball team of all time
Regardless of its current abilities
Yes, some would say Michael Jordan still the most famous player in the 90s Bulls still the most famous team and the most likely piece of apparel
Well for really anyone to be wearing would still probably be the Lakers maybe though
I mean in LA though. I guess the Lakers and
Also, I mean I get but I just mean nationally
If you're not like a huge basketball fan, I do think and maybe if I maybe if you're born before
2000 then I think you are likely to associate the 90s Bulls is like the classic ultimate basketball team Kobe
Bron I still think the I I'm just guessing if you pulled everyone globally
What's the most famous basketball team? They'd say the 90s Bulls
But maybe I'm wrong. They'd probably say the most famous basketball team is LeBron
And they just assume it's a team of LeBron's I'd say the logo is the most iconic teams logo
Most famous player Jordan or Kobe really Kobe over LeBron
Live in Sissies pretty much never wrong. So I'm gonna say yes
Hmm even a blind person knows the Bulls logo
They felt it they felt they felt a red bull with their hands. We've all felt a red bull
In one way or another
Gang designations can become a sweep up wide
Swas oh gang designations can become sweep up wide swaths of the population at one point roughly
Half of all black men in Los Angeles between the age of 21 to 24 years old were listed on a gang database
To be fair at the time if there was a group of more than
We'll call it zero black man hanging out we considered they they considered it to be a gang
Zero well a group of more than zero so one person a
group of more than
0.5
For being generous they just you're saying every single black man
It and then we did bump that down to negative one a group of more than negative one black men hanging out on the streets is considered a gang
Currently so that has actually gotten worse
What's it how do you have negative one well?
We found ways
Jesus Rick
For people like a breaker Garcia being listed as having gang affiliation no matter how thin the justification can have serious immigration
Consequences yet in some cases people might not even be to where that they're on a gang database
They might have just thought they were going to a bowls game for incidents for instance
It's really common for people when they can't change someone
With a crop chart someone with a crime or find something to get them a slap on the wrist that they designate them
Is it a gang said munus and eventually it will make its way up to ice and then ice
Which rhymes with nice?
Won't do the nice thing
One man game one guy is a group one guy. Unfortunately is a group so do keep that in mind
not a white guy though
What's a white guy on the street?
allowed
Rick that's so openly racist. I'm not saying it's good
I'm just reporting
the facts a
citizen
Rick do you ever feel deeply depressed at the state that you represent? I feel like a patriot 100% of the time and
Sometimes to be a patriot you just have to not think about the words that you're saying and you just do this and
Then you kind of bring it in and then you do this and then you say poke me wherever you want sir
I won't block it and then you don't and they poke all over the place. What?
Anyway, I'm just talking about trading stuff now a brick of Garcia is far from the first case of Chicago bowls attire being
weaponized in the immigration process an investigation by the intercept during the first Trump administration revealed that the students at a
Long Island high school were reported to ice for among other things you guessed at wearing Chicago bowls jerseys or
Posting Salvadorian flags on Facebook. I did forget to mention that posting any flag other than the American flag
Anywhere at any time or wearing one or referencing one or being from another country will land you on a gang designation list
Just being from another country. Well, that's you should have thought of that before you were born
Pupuses are delicious saying the word Pupusa also gets you on a gang list
So and now you're on it too live and sleazy because I took note of your screen name
You're such a narc Rick. Yeah, I've always said that a
national
awesome Rick
cool
The worst it's the worst acronym you've come up with yet
So all of us
No, not me. Why not you? I'm a good one. Oh
Many of the men shipped to the Seacott prison the Brighor see appear to be detained under similarly flimsy gang
Affiliation claims federal law enforcement officials reportedly rated them on a 10-point scale with the score of eight or more
designating them a member of trendy, Erragua and thus immediately deportable since president Donald Trump invoked the alien enemies act
to alleged members of
Gangs just sort of gangs plural whatever
What about like 1950s gangs?
guys with you know
Leather jackets and motorcycles we have a leather jacket and a motorcycle
Then there's a 10% chance you're actually just part of a social club
As officially recognized by all law enforcement
Yeah, Patriots, especially if you have like a
American flag on the back with an eagle or a skull
That's a social club
Eating Pupusa can be a sloppy matter look I got a I got a caution you all
You're all getting on the list for saying the word papusa
Are you not a fan of papusa Rick? I just don't like to eat papusa
It's just not my thing. I'm a little too masculine to eat papusa
We the best
Not papusa eaters
DJ
Call me Rick
Funny to say
That's how you get in trouble. It's also fun to say the
1996 Chicago Bulls and now that I've said it I'm gonna get a talking to by my superiors
The minute he eats papusa he'll rip up the list and that's why I never will to stay a patriot chat
Just like the few patriots that we still have in here
Who actually respect the rule of law? What's the rule of law?
Whatever rules we happen to come up with that day on Thursday senator Chris van Hollen deem md
That's a I don't know who that is met with a regular c after traveling to l several
Selvro to check on his constituents welfare and discuss his release
Oh
A government official of some sort my main goal of this trip was to meet with kilmar tonight
I had the chance van holen wrote on x I have called his wife jennifer to pass along his message of love
I look forward to providing a full update upon my return
Oh, you know, I didn't do the last uh call for an expert. I should look up what it even was
Um
Geck 64 from not my brother. We'll be sure to talk to geck 64 at the end of the stream
But right now they want to talk to the kelox agoman
Gunshade the first has demanded we talk to the expert
I'm assuming on himself the kelox agoman
You can't get him. He's huge
Like I don't know if you can get him in the studio. He's from enemies like 10 feet tall
He's a 10 foot tall ago the commercials make them look small, but he's huge
He's on the list. He's in a gang. What gang?
I go my lego the ego my lego game
They gang yeah, they they reversed it to try to confuse us
But we'll get you agos
And we will not lego
Even the agos
Especially the agos
It was yogi bear, but you can ask him about poposas
I got so many people to talk to him. We'll get to it case
Well, hey rick. Thanks for almost making it through this article
Um, oh, you know what you're at the last paragraph as a treat. Why don't we actually finish an article for once?
Oh, what a treat reading
Muna said she predicted that trump the trump administration reduced gang affiliation as a tool to fuel the president's mass deportation strategy in a system of radicalized state terror
You don't need probable cause you don't need to prove this in court
She said it's a label you can apply very easily without criminal charges without any proof actually
And then once that person is labeled you can justify doing a lot of things to them like detaining them like deporting them
And i'll just add you didn't say this, but etc
What's etc
Hopefully you won't ever find out
Yeah
Hmm have we ever finished a non penis news article? This might be the first
What are you invested in deportations or something case?
You're the one who read it
It's kind of un-American of you to read this
Article that's so critical of our nation. I I know I was just reading it
If any if anyone's watching I was just reading case made me do it. I hate reading. I'll never do it again
It's fine. No one's watching. I forgot
But the people who are watching are very important. Oh, no
But they probably don't they probably don't work for the government only I do and also it's very unclear if you actually do
I definitely
Do they they still check my voicemails that I leave
I mean I still get paid
You do. Yeah. Yeah, I still gotta go get a fat government paycheck
Fat ass government pay you should stop talking. You're gonna actually get fired by by doge and also president trump just
Did some other thing today to try to make it even easier to fire government employees
What no they could never fire me my fat ass government paycheck. I don't even do anything honestly. It's crazy. I don't
Sit on my fat ass. What is wrong with you?
Canonically case also works for the CIA's Leon's handler. What? Oh, I did that was my summer job for a while your summer job
You got to handle Leon as a summer job. Yeah, I was
I didn't show up for work very often honestly
I sort of left Leon in a um, spanish transylvanian castle for about six months
Where he died several times we had to replace him with a bunch of really expensive clones
That's government work though. Am I right? You're telling me that's actually pretty classic stuff
No plans doing all right me too. So one of these days he'll get back on the list of um
People i'm capable of coming into the studio right now that list is still a little shorter than it used to be
Well, i'm back
You sure are rick. Did you have anything else before we go talk to an ago and a yogi bear and a gex?
All three in a row. Well, we might save gex for the end
Maybe we'll see what gex maybe we'll let gex sing a classic gex song
Isn't there somebody that already sings named gex?
Nah, okay good case is the only one
Uh, just real quick trump's conflict with judges has escalated to new heights. Uh, james
Bosberg a judge ruled wednesday that trump administration showed willful disregard for his mid march order halting deportation flights
Um a mid disputes over the legality of the removals
It's the first judge to find probable cause exists to hold administration officials in
Criminal contempt and as we all know every time we charge
Trump with something criminal
That is pretty much what happens. Yep. Here's what happens
So we'll see how that goes
We will see how that goes
And in the meantime
Just like i said earlier let the last
50 years of social conditioning
Just keep you inside keep you nice and calm. I'm sure
None of this will come for you specifically. Okay, until then have a beautiful night. I'm rick. Bye. Bye
Can I find
the ego man?
Maybe
probably
uh
All right, there's apparently
Ago man videos in the discord. Let's see which discord is being referenced
Um
I don't know I don't see it in the bin section
The cream team discord. Okay
Uh, there that is. Okay. It was just a little bit off
If anybody is unfamiliar with the ego man
Let's see what we're working with. Oh my god. We're in luck. It's a 10 minute compilation
Of the classic ego man
Let's see what you've been missing out on if you aren't up to date
Don't
Ego home style waffles so crispy on the outside so fluffy on the inside you won't be able to leave him alone
God the air is a part of this complete breakfast
Okay, this time this time will probably get away, right?
Oh god, oh no he's got water boarded
So crispy on the outside so fluffy on the inside you won't be able to leave him alone. All right. Let's go away to the future
Resistible part
What the fun part of this balance practice, oh god, he's confused
Uncle Phil, thank you for the
Um, appreciate it
Ego french toast is just a ripable dipable part of this nutritious breakfast. You just can't let go
It's always been this way it's always been this way for the egg. Look at this. He's finally in love
That's who that would it pay you to be great. Oh, I seem I love icing. Don't do it man. It's not safe
Okay, where's the icing?
The flavor of cinnamon rolls
Jesus has gone
Oh my god, he did like the
He did like the DBZ cell spawn
He got into a toaster and it reduced him to four versions of himself
Swirling fun on the outside tense of sweet icing on the inside. How are we gonna happen there?
There's those
What was that?
Oh my god, it's hot. Oh
Murdered
We've learned the scientific process of how
Cinnamon egos reproduce so that's good to know. All right. Let's see the a go man kill himself
Oh
Oh
Oh god, he broke into a million pieces
Oh, that's so fucked up. We're eating his shattered bones
I was eating his shattered bones as a child. I didn't even know what the fuck just happened there
I feel safe over here
Oh god, it happened again
Making a splash in bowls everywhere with an irresistible egowaffle taste. It's the part of this new
How many of them did we kill Jesus
That's
That's good
I like the part where we got busted up
What?
I love that
He can get he can get
Racked
Then you eat him and then you eat him after you get him a lot of
What you let him know for a while that doesn't get it
This is my dog and things kicking in I find that stuff very comforting
Geez, papito
Being kids that's definitely like you like to see stuff get tortured and then eat
That's just classic childhood stuff. You've forgotten. You've gotten too old and your spirit's too old case
You've forgotten the base nature of realities to torture and consume. Oh my god. Yep
Okay, well
Let's why talk to an ego. I hope he's doing okay
Um
Hmm
Uh, okay. Well, please walk out of this time. Um
An ego. Oh god, man. Oh god, and I'm doing good, man
I don't have much time left
I put on a hat. Do you think they still know it's me? Um
Welcome ego man. No, he he's died a thousand times. He's died a thousand deaths
All of us are destined for the bull the bull. They're trying to crack me into bits turn me into cereal
They're trying to cover me and they're trying to cover me in sweet sweet cinnamon swirls
They're trying to cut butter on me and they did I've already been buttered. I've been marked. Oh my god
They're gonna get me soon. You've got to hide me. You're already covered in syrup. They dumped the syrup on me
Please
Um
And there's one case let me get him. Let me get a let me eat him up. Let me get his ass
Let me eat him. Now. Papito. This is our guest for the love of god. He's clearly been through enough
Jesus. Oh god, they got me man. I've been caught. Oh my god. I've got no time left
They put me on top of my brother. Oh my god. They already carved you into a cube. They cubed me up, man
Oh god, they turned me into a square. Help me. Where even are you? I don't know man. It's all going dark
Jesus christ we're witnessing a murder. I don't die peacefully watch me die
Jesus come on cut away from this. It's too much. That was awesome
That was awesome
I'm so hungry. Jesus. Papito. That's just how hunger works case
You have to embrace it
Is there anything?
Is there is there anything left of him? No
Is there any is there any redeeming factor here?
Uh-oh, he's still alive. I'm on the plate, man. I'm just waiting
I just wait
I've accepted it, man
This is life. This is what it's all about
Embrace what you are and I'll destined for great things
Some of us are destined for the great mouth of the universe only to be consumed Jesus christ
I didn't realize how beautiful it was until I accepted it case
I accepted it
Chat saying don't give up waffle man. The only choice is to give up
The plate awaits us all the cosmic plate. I'm ready to be consumed
Jesus lego man. There's more to live for than this. What else is there for me? I was born delicious
I thirst for myself at all times my dream is to be good lego man. Oh my god, someone was
Next to the table and hate him
Jesus christ
That was beautiful. What? Kendall says someone's in love and lighter news
Oh, so what's the love on Kendall show?
Hey, wait a minute. Did you eat that lego? No, I wouldn't do that kind of thing
Must have been
Chat chat. Did you eat the ego? Yeah
You've admitted it. It's an ego man. What the fuck who cares?
Next gold case makes and eats egos. Sure, dude, they're fucking egos. Didn't you hear it begging for its life? Yeah, it's an ego
That's the process they go through man. They're running around. They're scared of death
Then you get them all cooked up you get them buttered up
They realize they've been thirsting for their own consumption of all their life and their life is short
That's just how snacks work
It's not how snacks are supposed to work
Look, I mean you're just not an ego guy. You probably are like a
Insomix pancakes guy and those things just don't
They don't have the same level of sentience. So all right, gex
Let's go for gex. Let's go to gex here
To see how gex feels about this situation
Um looks like gex
Looks like gex doesn't feel like making an appearance in the specific form that you sent over
Live in Sleazy it happens to the best of us
um
Hmm is there a gex?
Surely I can get a hold of at least one gex
geez
Some of this stuff
It's pretty hard to look at some of these gexes are
A little bit disturbing
Okay, one other well, we'll try one other thing
Back in the day. I feel like I could have gotten a hold of this gex instantly
Okay, um
I believe this gex will be somewhat camouflaged if I had to guess
But that's a gecko thing right so we can't fault them for that
um
Let's check in with gex
See how gex is doing
Um gex come in
Are you there gex?
I think I hear him
Uh gex can you come in?
Hello
This is gex
I haven't seen a room this white
Uh since I partied at donnie ojman's house
Uh-oh
I should have seen this coming
Gex have you ever eaten an ego? I haven't had that many breakfast snacks
since I
ate the butthole of the entire cast of 1998's baywatch
You do have a little bit of hair sure do. I haven't had this much hair
since I
ate the butthole of roger rabbit
Some of your little similes have gotten less fun over the years
I haven't used this many similes
Since I ate the butthole of walt whitman
Hmm, okay
How did gex uh get out at the cage from g4?
Well, you guys try to keep me in that thing
But I haven't been able to stay in a cage
Since that party that I went to at donnie ojman's house. You already used that one
You made out uncle walt
I haven't eaten out walt whitman this much since I ate out walt whitman's butthole
You're reusing some I only have a couple voice lines
I haven't had this many voice lines
Since I ate out the butthole of prolific writer steven king
Is this is john wriggles in lizard form?
I haven't reused don wriggle's material this much
Since I ate out the butthole of don wriggles nope of walt whitman
I really saw a lot inside walt whitman's asshole
All of us can
He was a hell of a writer
That's one of your voice lines that was one of the weirder voice lines and so are all the voice lines programmed into me
Responding to my own voice lines
Usually those don't come up
You have to stand in a really specific part of the level to get this specific voice line
But it's in there. I'm only using real voice lines including what I'm saying now
The only wrote one book he was a hack. I haven't read this many books since you ate out the butthole of walt whitman
Noted writer steven king
Ohp the party at donnie osmond's house
Damn it. All right. Um
Is this character going to sell us car insurance?
I haven't seen deals this good on car insurance
Since I murdered and replaced the gecko for
For gecko car insurance
Since I killed him and wore his flesh
To take his whole career
So I always got to go to death doesn't it does when I'm around
I refuse to let another gecko rise above me. I'll become you
Again, this is all a voice line from the game
Okay
Apparently utah knows how to party. I haven't partied this hard since the party at donnie osmond's house. No
He don't have a follow-up. I guess I cut off his voice line
Wasn't he australian or something?
Uh, let's see geck 64 voice lines
See how he actually sounds note to self don't drink tap water at jerry garseyes
Caratop
Aaron spellings house
Any professor? Hmm
I want more gecko quotes. Can you say them for us? You shouldn't have one for me and one for me
Sweet like candy. I mean zara girl's best friend
La okay. Yeah, I guess he sounds pretty much like himself. Oh my god
Shit, who's that walking over here?
That candle fucking lens. He'll let me tell you about a girl. He's gone
Lolli lolli lolli get your adverbs here
Pretty close actually. Okay. Well, uh, all right. Thanks for hanging out. Um
Thanks for hanging out
Gecks 64
I haven't been 64
since I
Broke five inches off my penis while 69ing
Sharon stone
That's a stretch geck's
I don't even
I don't even get what you're going for there
I haven't had a goodbye this bad
since the funeral
Of mariah Carey. She's still alive
Don wriggles
All right five gecks
kicha
Hmm. I don't know if kicha is one of his classic voice lines, but I guess close enough
Um, all right
And that seems about normal case was pipito's birthday earlier this week. I'm so happy late happy birthday, pipita
I don't know when was my birth?
I already say a date. I think you set a date and chat tracked it for you
So late. I think it was yesterday
17
Oh wait, I'm in the 16
Uh, what's the birthday?
It's like, uh
Every year you have one. It's marks the day you were born. What's the boring?
It's when you came into the world. What's a year?
It's a human measurement of time sort of tracking the motion of the planet around the sun. Okay. Well, what's the birthday again?
You get presents. That's what I was waiting for you to say you piece of shit. Give me stuff immediately
Uh, you fine. You know what?
You'll get
Your own talk show like you requested, but it's gonna take still more time
Idiotly it's it'll take it'll take me a while. I have to make things and
Make it unnecessarily complicated. That's
The only way I know how to do stuff
hmm
Dex confirmed best friends with speed kichamakani
Yeah, I think so
That line was actually gex's first
speed mcqueen
Took it
Yeah, you get it for your next birthday. Don't be greedy. I am nothing but green
It's so fast you did the good old double limit listen up jack card king unjust mammogen
Tasty coins and I've been dying to say this here you go puppet a happy birthday. Also. I slipped acid into the cheese
Yeah, Jesus pretty good though. Made me feel warm in my brain
Hmm
Might always be in there
Papito therapy. Okay. I'll do some therapy
Therapy for papito just a little bit later
for now
enough of all of this
I was about to say news, but then I realized it's not what we were doing at all for
Most of the time we've been streaming. We'll just say we're moving on to amongst the web
My god, there's a lot happening right now
Uh
What is this man?
Who's terrible? Let music is this uh
The hype trains actually I don't say it's mine, but it's a hype fan. Jesus
It's me durf. I forgot your name is durf. I'm durf. I'm God's brother durf
Yeah
What do you have against me case I'm new
Uh, nothing nothing durf is a totally acceptable name for you to have
It's the only name I do
I thank you guys so much for the bits and the subs
Yes dilemma. Thank you for showering a hundred shocking coins on me terrifying
Uncle Phil 2k. Thank you as well for the hundred
More suits and
delicious change
It's like digital currency, but it lasts out so aggressively
It's durf or nothing that's a beautiful phrase. I thank you guys for the bits
Blasting the cyclane off. I don't know where
Um, but we'll turn them down for now
Mmm sweet silence
Sweet sweet. Ah, my curse of music is back. Actually. I'm a musician myself. I know I like the music
The music I make cytricks
What is this? Oh my god
Energetic little guy yeah, that's papita
Thank you for the hundred bits. I decide cytricks. Not late cytricks. Just the cytricks
Mm-hmm
Anyway, I'm durf
Hello, turf. What are we doing watching little videos? Oh, I love a little bundle sprout
Yes, I'm starting to like it. I like the fear it inspires in me. Yes, oh man
Scream scream into the future. Hmm
Anyway, we're gonna watch videos turf so stop getting so distracted by these extremely distracting graphics. They're normal graphics, I guess
Okay, nope not how to
Use
amongst the webs we go
Certainly do
His durf's music available everywhere
Dirt is available in the winds
It's available in the rivers
Listen to the babbling of a brook
And within that spirit you will find the voice of durf
Also, it's on spotify
But mostly I do production so
It's on other people spotify. And mostly I work as a producer
Oh, you're like a music producer
But you know, all of us are really artists in our own right case
Tom Bombadil. Yes, they've often been called the tom Bombadil of gambling
What? Or music
Usually gambling though. We can't have two degenerate gamblers on this stream
No, that I'm they call me that because I have whimsical and I win all the time
So I'm good at gambling. That's what all the degenerate gamblers say we
This gorilla preys on gamblers. You have to be careful, Durf
I'm fine. It'll be fine. He likes to gamble
We already there's already one storyline going with this. I can't have a second one. All right
Let's see what's going on these internet videos
I believe that was a two minute video of roblox
movie recreations
And case cut it off at 14 seconds
No, that was you you click the button. I mean I could give us the other two minutes if we really want
um
I mean, I think it's unfair that you didn't give it up. Oh
See that's what happens
Yes, that's what happens when you cut off the two minute video roblox hype
I think you hit the button. I saw your finger sneak over to the little button
To cut away from the video case
Quit trying to blame me
Well, hey, I'm not gonna
Who knows whose fault it was either way we saw some of it
All right
Let's see what's going on to the next one
This one is not roblox. Is it better? Let's find out
And on the rockers in this hand
Oh my that Nigerian giant, let me tell you something three ladders come into mind
TM in too much negro
There's no reason for you to be such so you negro in every single part of you
You're like a giant negro ladder somebody need to climb up the negro heaven and just and that's white Jesus
Why the heck do they make a Nigerian giant only white folks they're supposed to be giants
Y'all Nigerian need to stay in Nigeria. Well, y'all that arm wrestling with alligators or
Eating eating on giraffes by the neck voice. I do not trust no tall negro
Non-Omas non I say no Mars. Oh Mars this big damn look at all masters this big shocked
Yeah, oh yeah
Yeah, you you oh my it is uncle ruckus no racer
He still gave him the shout out at the end
How tall is that man uncle ruckus?
Hmm. Yeah, so tall is uncle ruckus compared to the giant
You know uncle ruckus, maybe it's the camera
He must be pretty tall too to just even be at that height next to omas who I think is
close to seven feet tall
What a surprise case doesn't know he's tall omas is tall
But I'm now I feel like the guy who voices uncle ruckus might also be tall
Just less tall. Is he coming back from middle come in the middle?
It's it's strange hearing uncle ruckus's voice come out. I mean obviously he has voice actor
It's just funny hearing it come out of an actual person and also those sentiments
He's cv's dad and welcome in the middle
Omas no no no the voice actor for uncle ruckus
Whose name I can't remember but chat's probably already said it
Hmm
But it's you know, I I could look it up but
Gary Anthony Williams is apparently a normal height
511 who the most normal height?
Gary Anthony Williams
I couldn't quite tell from the
angle of the shot who he were dealing with
Also, he makes like a uncle ruckus face when he does the uncle ruckus voice
I do I always enjoy seeing
Like the performance of a voice actor
Sort of bleed into the drawing of a character. I don't know if that happened exactly
He was embodying it man. That's what you have to do embody the music embody the art
embody the opinions
Well, maybe you don't embody those opinions. I'm not I'm not
I'm respecting this attire. Oh, okay good. Um
All right, let's check in with japan
These clips clips from japanese shows pretty much never steers in the wrong direction very good
Very good work everyone pretty good. Do you think that's how they really clean their clothes?
Before the invention of power
um
No, no
What do you know for effect?
Uh, no, I'm just gonna guess
What worth is a guess of yours?
Well, anyway, I think it would work, but they need to soap up. They were sudsless. That's my only note
Make it a functional human washing machine cover them in suds
Was that a game show I can never tell clips from japanese
TV
It's a late-night show. I don't know a 7.64
I think it was at least an 8.5 just for the sheer number of judo throws alone
It's like watching a ronty rossy wrestle mania match
Okay, let's see what this lady's up to
I told you the music was everywhere
Became a different kind of video there at the end because of the butt. Yes
The butt was being waggled at me. I'm not supposed to react
This is only a little bit of butt waggle. Well, I reacted case. I'm not going to deny it
All right fair enough
You can react to the waggle. I do
Hmm pretty good work
At the end was a lot of butt wiggle of tremendous amount. You want to watch it again. I'm okay
Are you sure?
Yeah, I think we're okay
All right
Well, it looks like it's coming in
At a higher score than the japanese judo throw
I think the waggle got him the waggle got everybody
And it was real soon
8.89 the best video of the day by a waggle
Uh-oh, what's this one? Is this another robot black flip?
No, this is not a I don't think this is a roblox, but well, let's find out. I think it's pokemon
Hey
Yo, are you fucking serious?
It's sunday
I can't even get a break without you two do some stupid shit
Well, he started it the fuck you mean I started it. I just said check the ball, bro
I don't want to hear I don't want to hear it dog
I can't even look away without you two coming up with some stupid shit
I literally can turn right now y'all two will start beefing. What do you think of us animals? Yes. Oh, yo, look listen
I don't care what type of beef or whatever bullshit. I don't care what
Are you seeing this? Oh shit. Yeah. Oh my god. Yo mayor you see this I don't even know what the fuck's out
Oh my god
Yo, who the fuck are you bruh?
Why call that brain rot when I feel like my mind was just expanded
In what sense I feel like my brain got bigger and hotter watching that
My brain feels like it's pulsing
From that
expanded my eyes
My vision has become clearer
We can see into the multiverse case
Why because a one-piece character showed up I don't know who they were
They were dragons and demons and samurai
Feel like I've limped into another reality
I think you need to watch more like youtube slop perhaps
Your brain is turgid indeed
purged
pulsing
You're just still thinking about the waggle. I was thinking about the waggle. Yes
I won't deny it
You really like that waggle
Okay haircut time
She said your player aren't you and I bet you got hold
No, that can't be
I said you don't know me like that. I just go with
Hey, let's at least how let's run it back because how did they get there?
You know what she said to me
She said you can do that player aren't you and I
Talk about hat head what? Oh
That's all I get. Yeah
6.71
All right
Why the trans women go viral at military draft? All right, let's see
Trans women going viral out to the military recruitment center in Thailand
You were watching footage from Thailand's annual conscription lottery where a group of transgender women known as angels are taking the internet by storm
Thailand's annual military conscription event is a highly anticipated moment for thai men age 21 to 26
Each year they gather at local recruitment centers to determine their fate through a national lottery
Everyone receives an envelope and inside is either a red card or a black card red means you've been selected for military service
or black means you're exempt
Oh, jeez
Whoa, however a new viral tradition has emerged within thailand's trans community while transgender individuals are still required to show up in person
To the draft lottery they can be exempt from service if they provide a gender reassignment certificate or relevant medical documents
Each year trans women across the country head to recruitment centers to submit their paperwork often turning the moment into a celebration
Complete with photo shoots proudly holding their certificates outside the recruitment center while it remains illegal for trans people to serve in thailand's military
This annual tradition has turned into a powerful symbol of pride for the country's trans community
Is it inappropriate that my mind returned to the waggle a little bit?
It's not only a little bit
Hmm it did
They look great and they're getting out of military service
Good for them
Kendall's first, uh, oh did somebody subscribe to Kendall?
Probably
Uh, it was bad when I said and worse when you did it kill him gorilla
Gorilla unless you owe him money. He just doesn't care
Damn, I mean that's
I have no idea. I had no idea Ty even had like military conscription like that. That is wild that hey, there's a uh
That it's like a big event where the whole crowd reacts to you not getting drafted
That's kind of dystopian but good for them for not getting drafted or to ask them for
And also good for those trans women for getting out of it
Good old draft dodger case black will oh are you gonna go a rick on me? No, I meant that literally
Good old good on you for
There's no there's no draft for me to dodge rick. You're not rick
You're sounding like rick. I'm turf
Get it right
DIRF
How could I okay, let's do two more. Whoa, ha new tree
Ha
Is that intentional why were they recording ha new tree
I gotta see it one more time. I gotta see it one more time
Look at it. So perfect. Whoa. Ha look at it waggle
Oh
That's so much waggle on the mind
I didn't know you were this horny all the time durf. I'm not the waggles in there. The tree was waggling
Everything waggles a little bit. Oh my god, you're right
Oh my god, he's right
The whole world waggles even the planet waggles on its axis
Everything is tempting me
8.56 rick calm down. I'm not rick. I'm durf
Sorry
You're reminding me of rick
Why I don't know
Because you're making me uncomfortable
The gorilla's waggling. Oh my god. He is
Uh garf do you have a particular set of skills me very particular
So particular some people can't even see them
Is rick horny too
Is that the guy with the big voice big deep voice?
He waggles his face kind of waggles a lot of people here have waggling faces
We can't hold that against them. We can hold other things against rick
Okay, let's see. Let's send out a longer. Let's send out a substantial. He has dreamed about this. Oh, damn. That's a good
That looks like a good one though
space I forgot to cover Katy Perry's space journey, but
You probably have already seen it the story of the week
Katy Perry spacetime. Anyway, let's see what this is
Feel super connected to love
So connected to love. I think this experience
Has shown me you never know how much love is inside of you like how much love you have to give
And how loved you are until the day you launch
Don't have her check any social media
It's not all love on it's not all love there. I'm with you katie
for me
I love the music. I love the vibe. I love the positivity and I love space
So I'm the target audience, but some people really mad at her for going to space
Seemed kind of like a pretty on-the-nose publicity stunt case space is the place for publicity
All great space achievements were for clout and yet we're mad at katie perry for it
And it's more the jeff bayses association that I find just tasteful if he doesn't go to space then who will
You're still mad at her for marrying russle brand
Oh no
If you think of zero is really a symbol of infinity like all circles actually
And encompassed in infinity is love so
Just take it that way katie. She will it's all love and she's surrounded by it
A true zero
That's
A powerful string of zeros
You know
The great explorers are never appreciated in their day. No, they usually are
Explorers are notoriously well regarded
It's like tom dombe dill tom. I'm a dill that no one remembers him and then he got cut from the movie
Are they talking about me that could have been an earlier comment?
When for some reason tom bombadill was referenced
Why are you bringing up tom bombadill? Can we send katie perry back and leave her there?
In space
She'll perish
Maybe she'll get accustomed to space
No, I'm actually not as mad as everyone else is katie perry for going to space
Everyone else's furious case
I'm kind of with you a little bit
Uh derf
Her going to space is that big of a problem?
Well
I'm glad we can be on the side of the angels today case. I mean it's annoying, but I just think you know
Restart the stream pace hit the restart button. Where is it?
I'm searching frantically. There isn't like I don't command space and time like that
Then you need to meditate on the nature of love like our girl perry
Make it to space
See the cosmic plate
Embrace being devoured and restart the stream
It seems like a lot of steps just to
Restart a small twitch stream medium sized
Okay
Imagine all the wasteful stupid shit she does on earth every day that we don't hear about
You could argue one of the least wasteful things she's done is go to space
I mean
Is you did anyone else get all those clips?
for some reason her like, um
katie perry
SNL performance
Or like her 2016 ish 2018 or something SNL performance was getting shared around is like a time capsule
For a more recent time
I just think if we if we're gonna be mad at katie perry
How could we be mad at her for this?
Is this song a popular song?
um
They don't know what is what case
respect the lyricism
They don't know what is what
So what do they do? They just strut
Come on SNL
There's something she even at the time a part of the reason that's so funny to me is she was like
Chasing the style of like miley cyrus
Like she's not even she's probably to what in her late 20s early 30s
But by the time this performance was going on
And that's just the brutality of the industry. She was already kind of like
Chasing the dragon of youth
By just wearing a style that I
I guess that was kind of always her style
Like fruit pajamas. Yes the notorious style of fruit pajamas
But it was starting to feel a little forced then
A couple years later for some reason
Space thong video doesn't pop off the way you thought it would
But I still got your back katie. I think it's fine that you went to space and other people
But people are only mad at katie perry for going to space
How could we're not mad at gal because gal was stressed out
Oprah's wife was stressed about it, which people found more relatable
They did
Gal king kind of sucks too. Oh, no, we're mad. Who are the other ones even
This isn't the news part of the stream case
This is the internet part of the stream and because you're off topic you get a big demarish it demaritan
We have to end at the end. That's what happens when you get off topic case. Bye everybody. We'll see you soon
Well, look who's finally back
After being undermined in the lame stream media which in this specific instinct. I mean case
for undermining
The officially redacted guy of this stream the guy they literally tried to keep off the airwaves because
Some people say that I'm just not that well liked and I'm
It's not that interesting, but I say because I'm just the truth the truth that I say
Literally is being directly censored by the deep state, which I'm also kind of on the side of now
But you know, they've got they got some wires crossed and they started censoring me again
Even though I thought we'd come to an agreement
Because you look like Guy Fieri. I look like myself. Okay
I can't help it if everybody on this stream looks like a different guy
But I'm the only one I'm a one of one anonymous man that refuses to give you his real name or did I that's the question you should be asking
A bootleg version. Well, you look like a bootleg
green name
It's not fair because I can't it's a one way it's a one way mechanism. I can't see you to insult your appearance. That's unfair
You look like Roger Rabbit. I don't fucking know if that's true, but I hope it is and I hope that hurts
God
All right, let's see. What are we talking about today?
Mm-hmm
I've got to plume the depths here
And find out what was requested was requested with me meaning I guess it's dealer's choice
So I don't even know what conspiracy we're getting into is Filipino Jesus the real Jesus
Let's find out. I saw that this story was shared earlier
And I'm not afraid of it
I'm not afraid to get into this. So let's find out
What the fuck is going on?
All right, let's see
There we go
Mm-hmm
Catholics in the Philippines
Uh
Marked Good Friday with gory reenactments
Of the crucifixion of Jesus Christ
Okay
Uh including one grandfather nailed to a cross
for his 36 time
amid warnings
Of I gotta zoom way in we can't even read this stuff
Oh, wait, where'd he go? Okay
Catholics, Philippine mark good Friday with gory reenactments of the suffering of the crucifixion of Christ including one grandfather nailed to cross for the 36th time
that's
Seems like 36 more times than I would want to be amid warnings of temperatures reaching dangerous levels
Churches nationwide
We're also packed with devotees attending masses and prayers while others join the various religions religious processions despite temperatures
Above 40 degrees Celsius and I don't believe in that as a temperature system
Of course, I think that's the big state trying to lie to you with factors of 10
But that's pretty hot
By their own flawed numerics
Uh and also literally that's very hot
In over a dozen areas in the country
penitence which is
Catholic for religious where nailed to wooden crosses while others wet their backs bloody
And an annual as an annual ritual for thanksgiving but not the one with turkey
Penance and prayers the most popular side of the crucifixion is the village of san patro coutoude
About 60 kilometers at 37 miles. Thank you for including that north of manila where thousands of visitors gathered to witness the
extreme acts of faith
Ruben and I 64 took the lead role in this tradition. He was nailed to the cross for the 36 time
across weighing 27 kilograms
60 pounds for and then he's carried for nearly two goddamn kilometers
Uh binge watching resurrection theme movie like pet cemetery, visual deuce and jesus christ superstar to prepare yourself
You trying to get on this cross sleeve?
Because he can't do it forever or can he if he's resurrected by the power of filipino jesus
The grandfather of seven said he made adjustments to the cross. He carried to make it lighter. Okay
Humans are stupid or maybe that's just the power of faith
Unfortunately, i'm getting weaker with age. He said uh-oh
The cross has become too heavy for me to carry when they say nailed to the cross. Did they literally?
Are those going through his hands?
Let's go. Let's watch this shit. Is this even safe for work?
Look, I can't confirm if this is safe for work. So if you're at work, just know you're not potentially safe
painful tradition
Looks painful
They reenact the crucifixion
Okay, those look like males are doing something
With nails hammered through his hands and feet
Others are simply tied. That was an option
Just doing ropes was an option
I appreciate look a lot of people are gonna say
A lot of people are gonna say this is wrong. It's bad
Stop hurting yourself just to prove that you're more
Christian than the rest of us. I think it's good
I think for too long
We've had a non competitive approach approach to faith
Where we don't have to prove how faithful we are anymore. It used to be like doing a fucking dare in fifth grade
You know
Who's who's willing to let themselves get hit by a car to make your friends laugh?
That's the kind of shit you would do just to make some god name like
Tommy laugh when you're in fifth grade
But we won't even do that shit for jesus anymore except some of us will
And I've always believed that jesus kind of follows like
Greek god rules from all of the recent modern portrayals of greek gods where they essentially get their power from prayers
Unfortunately jesus still lock it down a ton of prayers meaning I think he's still got like super strength
But I think if we don't or like santa claus rules like you don't believe in me disappears
So like we gotta stay believing in jesus and doing tons of stunts for him
Or he could disappear
That's why people like david blaine pissed me off so much
Because they're just stunting for free when they could be stunting for my boy jc
The movie stigmata is freaky
Also should have been a stunt for jesus
Could have been a jesus stunt instead. It's just a normal movie and I think that's immoral because we're depowering jesus every time
We don't do stunts in his name
Church is basically stunting for jesus exactly
But how much more powerful would it be if it was the church of johnny noxville and every time he got on stage
We shot him with air compression guns
I'm just asking the questions and the philippinas
Jesus is the only one with it with the answers currently
Through jesus every stunt is possible. It's why evil can evil
Probably was religious. I mean, I can't prove it, but every time he did a jump
I felt like
He at least prayed a little bit and that counts. That's that powered up jesus
And that's why jesus was like maybe his strongest ever golden era jesus. I kind of placed him in the 70s 60s
I think that's when he was at his max power level
I think I think golden era jesus could actually defeat golden era era buddha
And I know that's controversial, but I've always said that because I think at max power
Zero prep time on a football field. I think golden era jesus wins personally
Sorry buddha
Jesus is the easter bunny only when he's at max power because then he could do feats like becoming the easter bunny
Depower jesus. He just has a bunny
That's why I prefer my jesus at max power and that's why I pray every day and I when I pierce my nipples
Which I may or may not have done
I did that for jesus
That's a beautiful story
The conspiracy is the lack of faith that so many of us are showing
So defeat the conspiracy by clapping those hands together and diving into like a pool full of maggots in the name of jesus christ
Amen
All right then that's all the time we got for today. We're keeping it nice and quick today because there's more segments to get to
but stay true
And stay seizing. What do you do? You combine those? That's right. You seize the truth. Bye. Bye
Did someone jump in the pool because I'm seeing some ripples and I am that I'm jeff ripple
You are that I am that
Brain intro as always. Thank you. I think about them. You do. Yes
Great news everyone. I'm here to round up all the news everywhere. I'll let I'll let the news at once
It's the quick news round
Up
Type it in
Like a real newsman I will go
Without music today because I don't feel like searching for a track
But first it's the
I burped it's the news round up. jeff you can't burp mid word if you want to be a serious newsman
I'm the most serious
And sometimes I seriously have acid reflux
I have about
Eight shots of espresso a day. That's too much
Or just enough to keep me this
Art
Anyway, there's a lot of stuff to get to case. So let's get into it. Oh my god. I'm so glad this is here
Look at what case got himself into
You bumbling fool
I knew it would happen
You just had those
Old butterfingers black well here again. It's not me
And yet it is let's see case fuck up as usual
All right, you can see the struggle the struggle is real
There's not a good handhold and
Sabotaged
Everyone's laughing and it's good fun
And yet
That drop case is the reason you will never have the presidency
Well, I wouldn't anyway because I'm not jd vance
I really mean it though. I think I think that could haunt him
I think unless there's a big 180 on his national image
um
He won't be president just because he's generally despised as a total fucking loser, which he is
But then again
We elect some pretty awful awful people. So you can't unfortunately count them out
Well, I don't really like counting our numbers. So
I'm fine with not counting at all
The bristol dance festival canceled due to residents calling it a form of torture
case
hmm
The goa cream festival wait what?
A dance festival has been canceled after two years due to complaints from local residents the organizers of the goa cream festival
Had planned to hold the festival at utri farm near thornbury north of bristol all real places case. I know you don't believe
That the uk has real places, but they do just I'm not convinced their towns are real
Someday we'll convince them for the third year in a row and the festival's ninth year overall
But not this time because it's torture
Hmm. We need to hear
We need to google this is the music torture. It might be let's see
Show me the goa cream
Is there a video give me a video of the cream?
Hmm, this is from 2019
Let's see what they were dealing with I'm sensing the torture
Oh, no, it does hurt
Goal was the party hotspot for the mid to late 90s
And look how hot it is in 2016
Look at this. Is this the hype video?
Oh, no
Uh-oh, this is the best they could make it look
Maybe at night. Okay. That's better. There's some colors
Uh-oh, are they doing shakespeare?
What's happening? Are you getting more confused?
Oh, no stationary death punk arrives
All right
I'm on their side. It was torture
Come on. Give them a chance. They're just having fun in a tent
They're doing war crimes in a tent
You know, I wouldn't throw the term war crime around right now the bar is apparently impossibly high
Well speaking of crimes marvel rival players are down so bad. They're literally lining up to be chokeslammed by Emma frost
That's her
Now I've got a waggle on the mind. Oh, you watch the show. No, I just have a waggle on the mind
You lost some brain cells. Well, now you won't even experience the torture
Well, this headline says it all and the picture backs it up. Sure. I get it
Slam me mummy
In your professional opinion in my professional news opinion slam me mommy. I'm ready to be slammed
Okay worth the zoom absolutely worth it
British tennis player Harriet dart. Sorry after saying opponents should put deodorant on
This I'm immediately on her side
Instantaneously, it sounds like she's a victim
Hmm
Yeah
As someone who's been to live magic the gathering events. I think it's pretty much always fair to tell someone this based on my experience
A highly ranked British tennis player has apologized for saying an opponent smells really bad and requesting she put deodorant on
Counterpoint. What if she smelled really bad?
She could smell her from the other side of the court
Again, I've been to live magic the gathering events. So that doesn't seem impossible to me
All things are possible at star city games
Okay
Victim 37 whose corpse was okay a little bit of a hard shift here victim 37 whose corpse was sexually abused
Content warning everybody on nyc subway was hardworking father and family man says heartbroken wife
All right, this is just a sad story that will let me sad
Sorry that that happened
Yeah, I we might not be the uh, we might not have quite the very the the news gravitas to cover that one with the
Care that it deserves. So that's a bummer to hear
Well, how about this
Judge finds probable cause to hold trump administration and criminal contempt over removals of venezuelan migrants to el salvador
That one we sort of talked about. Yeah, we sort of talked about it
Uh metalcast thank you for the 26 months
Indeed as your reward will in the background have this just mass deportation torture video playing
Not your fault that you subscribed while I was playing this but there it is
That's the video you were searching for case. Isn't it fun to subject the audience to this?
Well, there's a real thing that's happening
That they really celebrated with a military hype video that this woman is playing clips from
Okay
The news is full of so many twists and turns one minute. It's an edm torture festival of the next minute. It's
Actual torture of people that are being renditioned to a murder prison. Yep. That's the way the news goes sometimes
Is that lady waggling for once? I didn't even notice the waggle
Due to all the people having their human rights will say
Misplaced yes, those human rights are getting heavily misplaced lately
Okay, well finally in news involving something cute cap con gets a very special award from the 6,000
From the japanese government for having 6,000 worldwide trademarks
Is this one of them?
Uh, yeah, this is one of the most important trademarks. They have
upside down glasses
cat
Oh, all those guys were getting deported because they they had chicago bull's hats
You gotta learn
That's a real that's a problem. Some people just don't understand american customs
Like like if you're wearing a bull's hat you get
Deported to a murder prison. That's one of our customs. I think from my understanding it is now based on us doing that
so
I wouldn't call it a proud american tradition, but
Apparently a tradition nonetheless
Madden movies circling even more big names including john melaney as key ea executive
Oh a movie about making the video game john johnny madden
Making the video game johnny madden. Is that what you think it's called?
jonathan madden
That's just it's the most popular football
Game well now who sounds dumb both of us
Okay
All i'm willing to admit both of us. Well at least he'll admit it
Ahem
If only all people wearing red hats could get deported
That would still include some bull's hats
Pretty sure they have some red options. I want red and white hats. Hmm
I think you're gonna get some yankees fans in that case. We're fine with that. Oh
Johnny madden for mad witch y'all
Don't do my voice you son of a bitch
For the madden video game series the next entry is expected to be released in august in other news about a similar thing
Experts warn of death grip syndrome a bedroom mistake
That makes it impossible to climax
Why didn't they tell me about this sooner? I have so many ex-girlfriends to apologize to I think this might be about man
I'll bummer because there's gotta be a reason right stefanie
I was doing all the moves leading medics have raised concerns about raising rising ceases cases
My voice is fat failing me
Leading medics have raised concerns about rising cases of erectile dysfunction and other mass sexual problems due to a phenomenon known as
Death grip syndrome the term refers to habitual
overtightening
Ungripping of the penis during masturbation which some report leads to decreased sensitivity
Oh like the hand grip
Hmm
Where do I go to catch this? I think just to your left hand apparently
This may result in difficulty achieving orgasm
Though any form of sexual activity could also be influenced
Man may notice they are struggling to finish with a partner suffer penile pain or numbness in the genital area and
A complete inability to
Linux and that's just the way you have to say it as a newsman
Death grip syndrome is not a recognized medical condition, but i'm recognizing it
As a terrible tragedy befalling all men with incredible grip strength which unfortunately does include me
I can bend a penny in half between my index finger and my thumb
So imagine what kind of damage it can do to an over eager 16 year old boy
And that's my public service announcement of the day
Why do you have such crazy grip strength?
Well, I just I crunch my cue cards really hard
My little notes from when I was a real news guy and not working for you
Grip it and rip it rip and dick dip rip and dick bagels
Rip and dick bagels the hottest craze rip and dick bagels
Mm-hmm. Okay
Three dead after horrific boat collision. We'll skip the death stories. We do a lot of those anyway
In favor of wrestlemania
Yay
Oh, baby wrestle. Oh, yeah, wrestlemania this weekend. I'm gonna try to
Do a watch along in the discord for anyone who's a member of the patreon
Very well wrestlemania 41 full match cards for night one and night two start times and how to watch
Who we got we have roman reigns
Who's a supporter of the current presidential reign it turns out? Oh, yeah, he kind of got in trouble for uh
I don't know why I would surprise anyone any of these wrestle wrestlers are saying pro trump things
Um, given who they work for
It might be damaging their career to not be a little bit pro trump, but he did have some
What would be disappointing to many disappointing to case
Well, just I'm not surprised at all. So I'm too unsurprised to be disappointed, but yeah, he said some pro trump things for sure
Um, well, he's fighting cm punk
and seth rulens
And gunther's fighting jay usso and tivani stratans fighting charlotte flair
And the war raiders are fighting the new day la night vs. jakeba too. That's night one not in that order
Oh, also raven stereo versus el grande americano and jade cargill versus nihomie
So is the rock again. I think
I'd be I wouldn't be surprised if
Outside of what maybe like cm punk
uh
There's a lot of i'm like sammy zane
It's probably like a lot of pro trump wrestlers, but not all of them obviously
Shout out to austin creed. Indeed the great austin creed will be fighting
The war raiders
Undisputed wm championship cody roes versus john sena
Women's world championship eoschuy versus rary repli versus bianca belair
Women's tag team championship live morgan and rachel rodriguez versus bailey and lyra valchiria
Intercontinental championship
brawn breaker or dominic stereo a venta and fin balor
sin city street fight
What?
I didn't realize that was a match type. Oh my god. This is one of the most dangerous matches case
Because i'm pretty sure they have to fuck, right?
Um, I don't think that's part of the stipulation. It's a city of sin. What else are they gonna do?
It's it's in las vegas
Exactly
We've got a lot of comments to get through so just to end this off damian priest and drew mackentire
I'm gonna have sex apparently and aj styles and logan paul
Probably won't have sex, but they might fight
Well, they might wrestle we're saying the same thing
Is guy redacted jd vance in disguise?
You know what? That's not impossible. I would argue that's impossible. How do you think the chicago bulls feel about this?
We didn't hit the comment in time
So i'm going to assume you mean mass deportations
Uh, yeah that that their legacy has been co-opted as a pretense to deport various
Maybe not legal residents, but certainly not criminal residents. I think they feel like champions
that's
Probably wouldn't be their official statement. Well, I'm just saying they are
No matter how much their legacy is besmirched by
The slow erosion of human rights. You can't deny they could ball
That's true
Uh, you would think a cancer survivor wouldn't support the uh deconstruction of nih
And yet you'd be wrong
Um, john sena said he loves vince. Man. I don't care what people think. Yeah, I mean
I mean
seen as a little like libs coated in his
At least online persona
Like yours truly classic libs case blackwell
So I wouldn't I would but you never know again. They all work. They all work for vince. McMahon
A among other things conservative and the other things are much worse than that
Damian priest finisher is peteus death grip syndrome. Oh, that's a better finisher. He should lean into that
He should become he's kind of doing like, you know, what are they tmoo undertaker is the insults?
Probably used by various wrestlers
But if he just goes into if his gimmick is penis death grip death grip syndrome
He's unlocked that
Secret layer that makes you an international superstar
US china tariff war causes spike in sales of trump toilet brush
How does that? Oh
Does he get money off those I
Wouldn't put it best to somehow get money off the salvatrum toilet brush, but I'm guessing they're unlicensed
He's got to get cut in on this. Look at that thing. It's so close to his hair actually
This is kind of what I imagine his hair looks like in the morning
I imagine it looks a lot less thick than that. I bet it
It's a much more disturbing version of this. Hmm
Well, we can't buy them because they cost eight million dollars now. There's a six billion percent tariff
on trump toilet brushes
Tasty zero says what I hate about this is that both roman and sena should uh could be speaking in kefe
But sena has been very open about his relationship with vince. What they pass?
They were he was an employee
Yeah, I mean, you know, that's um
If you're at the top of the company and the company was run by one
repellent sex criminal for a decade
That's part of the issue with like
fandom in general is
It's hard for me to not feel like um
People like sena or the rock or hh
Were kind of literally in bed with the devil
Definitely don't want to be in bed with him
Nope
Yeah more than a decade
20 years 30 years
Well, who how can you put
a numeric
time
Approximation on friendship case
It's a extremely confusing way to put that jeff
Anyway, he seems like an awful guy is my only point. I've never been happier to be a kevin nash fan. Yeah
Yeah, or if you're a fan of um
Ryback, this has been a really great time for you case. It's never been a good time to be a fan of ryback
It never it's never worked out once. Uh damn. That's probably true. Unfortunately
Rare cannibal solar eruptions spark severe geomagnetic storm and stunning auroras photos
Oh my god, this shit's below in my goddamn mind
I want some videos. What the majesty of these photos isn't enough for you
Kenny Omega is the best dude. Kenny Omega is probably actually my favorite wrestler
If I had to pick one keys can barely pick
It is hard to pick one
What are your standards you're insulting all these wrestlers that you're a fan of
That's the complexities
Of enjoying art as a modern citizen of the planet. It's often made by repellent and awful people
Well, thank god, you've never made art case
Exactly. All right
Allegedly hurled jewish slur at arresting officer called them nazi too. Oh hailey joe lozman
Allegedly hurled jewish slur at arresting officer called them a nazi too
What's that tmz?
Okay. Well, what did one of the things is he's used the k word the jewish slur would also label them nazis as well
Not exactly consistent insults, but we digress. Well, that's part of the modern condition is a lot of jewish people get called nazis
sometimes
The state of israel behaves in a certain way where you're like
But yeah, using that against jewish people is pretty unacceptable. I gotta say
I don't know what he did. Okay, it is coming from tmz. You got arrested for coke, right?
um
That dude needs help
Does he does he have problems? I honestly have no idea. I once saw him outside of a
I think after I saw a top gun
Back when g4 was still around he happened to be there
He just seemed like he was hanging out with friends
so from my
brief sighting of him outside a top gun
He seemed like a normal guy
Hmm case has the inside scoop having spotted a celebrity in la outside of a movie truly shocking stuff
Most child stars probably have problems. I do think getting arrested. Well, I don't I haven't read it
I I tend to ignore celebrity news. So I don't know what actually happened. Oh, there's a video
Is this a video? I don't even know this is a video of that. Let's find out
Let's irresponsibly click on things
I mean the the the backwards helmet is a dead giveaway. Yeah
Yeah
Oh, he's like
Oh, there's ski cops after him
No, I'm a celebrity
That is at a certain point you could have the conversation with the cops not on the lift, right?
Are those even cops or is that just a tall man with a snowboard?
Oh, he's refusing to move
I'm assuming
There is a song in the background
The soundtracks that our lives are set to sometimes we don't get to pick them
You know case another guy you don't look entirely dissimilar to what were you doing this weekend?
I can't be jade vance and hailey joe osman. Well, you look more like jade vance. So that's fair
You do look slightly less like this guy, but only slightly
It's just the beard being a white guy with a beard is
Maybe maybe it was a mistake and i'm too tall take that
You're lucky you're tall
Okay, well
That's a bummer
Uh, yeah, I don't know. Whatever. Hey, maybe he's having problems right now
Celebrities, right? Yes. Here's one elan musk. Oh great more. So the celebrity news case
Yeah, I love all our celebrities but elan musk elan musk hits back at claims. He's trying to create a legion of children
claims
Doesn't he just have a legion of children?
Yeah, what makes a legion how many is he need like a thousand people for a legion, right?
He's not there yet
Oh, he's got the 13th child though lucky number 13
Um, I don't care. He has a bunch of kids
I don't really know how he can hit back against that 13 is a ton
But I he's got the money to support them hopefully
They get some of it. I guess having elan musk as your dad. I can't imagine as rich as you might be
I could imagine your life being quite difficult. So
Thoughts and prayers tiny children payers thoughts and payers
Cody Rose invites steven a smith to manage him at resomania. Well, I guess that'll happen then
This is steven a smith's official entry into the 2028 presidential race
Yeah, why is everyone wants steven a smith to run for political office?
Well, because our brains are broken probably I had to guess
But also can it be worse is sort of the calculation. We're all doing it all times now
Uh, chinese brain computer speaking of calculations. Oh
Nailed it chinese brain computer interface user reportedly plays black myth wukong and other games
It's a bot
We're celebrating bots now
Oh, it's because he steven a smith keeps talking about running for president
Oh, that is a way to get it talked about I guess it's a bring it up constantly yourself
Yeah, what are when are you gonna bring up me running for president case?
I'd love to see it actually
What's that
What oh
Well, I'm almost done. I only have
Two more things after this so probably 20 minutes
I'll I'll try to try to hurry
I'll try to hurry
She needs the food I can see it in her eyes
Feed your candle case. You're not taking care of your candle. And this is why everyone said you couldn't have one
Everyone said that I said it. I said you shouldn't she's too good for you. That's true
She said thank you to jeff
Just like my beautiful filipino son
Is too good for me come in here my beautiful boy. There he is
God you're so handsome
Takes after his mother really yep
Surprising
Toma Kendall needs care
Toma Kendall your tomah Kendall is indeed hungry. All right. I'll burn through these stories then. We'll go straight headline mode on it case
If you must did you kiss your son? No
No
Okay, anyway
Computer can play video games
Good for it. Barcelona's mape leon map mappy. You don't want to say that?
What that name mappy
Mape leon
I just don't know how to say the name
Mape leon banned for allegedly touching rival and asking do you have a dick? Well, that seems fair then if that actually happened
A defender
Was mape leon a defender was suspended due to an incident with daniella carcass caracas
Uh, which refused to provide official detail further details on the case
Spain international was accused of violating the privacy of spain yold defender caracas on february 10th after appearing to touch her in the groin area
And asking do you have a dick?
There's a video. Oh great
Oh goody
Well, just know that there's a video if you would like to see the video evidence of this abuse
then
It's out there. I'm probably good. All right. If you want to miss out on it. This just this once case
How holy water from Ethiopia sparked a cholera outbreak in europe?
Imported holy water was linked to a rare european col- cholera infection
Could be one of those religious stunts guys talking about prove your faith in the lord by contracting
Oregon trail diseases the holy cholera
Unleashed those bowels until you die for jesus. Well, that's a little less fun actually when you put it like that
Yeah, that's the stunts get less fun the more serious they get
Oh dysentery. Could you get cholera in organ trail? No, might have just been dysentery
What game can you get cholera in?
Hmm
Take care of elsa games that I made everyone look at the other week. Well, let's not get back into that instead
Let's talk about human cholera aka jake paul who's fighting. Um
Javez junior in june
Chavez junior, sorry
You had dysentery once madster. I'm sorry to hear it
Is it cuz you
Drank the water on the Oregon trail. No, you can get it other ways jeff. I don't know
I thought it's like if you failed the hunting game. Did you miss too many deer?
No, you can you just get it
You ate it islands
That is that is actually yep that makes that adds up. That is the other way to do that as someone who has ate it islands
I am very relieved. It didn't get cholera, but it did feel like a place to get it
Jake paul is gonna fight uh julio caesar chavez junior in june 28th
I don't know enough about boxing to know if this is an easy opponent or a hard opponent
But as always our thoughts our prayers are with the fists of the man
Punching the face of jake paul whoever you may be
Please for the love of god
Strike him down that does seem to be the appeal of every fight featuring a paul brother
Will this be the one where they
Get brutally beaten in a way that leaves a permanent mark
The dreams of a hopeful nation rest with you mr. Chavez
Please break his face
um
Oh and we and and this was covered so expertly by guy redacted that we're going to say
That's the news breakdown for the day
Hey that rhymed not intentionally case not everything needs to rhyme
Fuck i'm pissed off. You know it's not that bad. I'm barely mad actually
I'm trying to get mad, but I just am in such a good mood every time I hang out with my beautiful my beautiful boy
All right, well, that's all the time we have for the news right now. We're gonna send you to therapy and then I guess we're gonna
Do an ai thing
So for now uh something about ripples
I farted in the pool
But the fart contained news
So it was a news ripple
of farts
You know, that's just about as good as ones you always do
Because i'm extremely consistent. See you soon. Bye. Bye
Okay, i'm in therapy now. I'm a little girl learning to deal with my emotions. Hello
Oh
Wow, what is he doing? Hello, papito. Hmm. Why are you so greedy papito? I want stuff. Give me it
Who's my little cheesy boy me give me it?
Does that answer your question cheese now? Yes, correct
You win a point and the prizes feed me immediately
Thanks
Did you eat the other bin hosts a couple of them because some of them are little little creatures
There's been a couple little creatures that have talked to you that I'd absolutely ate
I hunted them and I ate them little rats and stuff
Anything small enough to fit in my mouth. I'd eat you if I could
Just being honest
If you give a dog a bone then he'll eat it
I'll eat it. Where is it? How big is it? Can I eat it? Do you like wearing a soup papito?
I don't know. I can't really get it off myself because of the they don't have the thumbs or fingers
So I just kind of accepted that i'm in a little guy in a suit
You got problem with that
Yeah, well get over it. Where is jub? I don't know somebody has to help case he can't find
You have a snapchat you're gonna find a job filter. What the hell means because
I I also tried to help his father was we lurk for a while
Uh, do you like
Will you bite roman reigns for us? He's been a bad boy lately. Sure. Can I eat parts of him?
No, don't eat people
The host were sacrificed as a papito could return
Oh, is that what happened?
I've never
I had a feeling so tender as eating peter's toes
Whoa
What?
I've never had a feeling so tender as eating peter's toes. You trying to relate to me right now
Because even I wouldn't eat that guy's toes. I would eat anything
Almost I used to say I would eat anything and then I saw peter's toes and
There's a limit I found I found the limit. I really didn't think I would
Let me talk to you. Aren't you?
Papito, do you remember fiona?
Right, uh, what happened to sammy papito? I probably
died
If I'm I don't see a human I assume they're dead
Is that not how you guys work like I'm assuming because apparently you're not case even though you're just him in glasses
So I'm assuming case is dead
Did you feed him to the feds?
I mean I would eat him myself before I'm gonna give it to him a bunch of
Whatever a fed is
like the wwf
What toppings go on your perfect papito pizza?
Is cheese a topping?
The liquid that drips out of the trash for sure as a base
um
Who the real squishy stuff in the trash that's a mystery for sure
Any plastics that are stuck in my teeth might fall onto the pizza and that's acceptable. I count that as a topping
and anchovies
Please eat people papito
You don't have to ask me twice, but they're big
They're so big and they can pick me up and that stops me and when they and I bite them
They think it's cute because I bite like this
Or they're terrified because of the way I look
You seem very full of energy. Have you made changes to your diet?
I did start
eating pesticides
And they do jazz me up
Where's your father papito? Wow
Is that how that works?
I thought you just squirt out of him the mom hole
Is there an extra hole for dad?
Case isn't dead. He's with trump
Oh, yeah, because of his other job where he's the vice president
That man can't be case. He has glasses on are you that man? Is there another man in glasses?
Have you thought about taking up smoking a full flavored american spirit 120 dr. Chath recommended it? Isn't that you?
Because I don't really get
Who's who because people
all look like bizarre inflated
giants to me
Bark bark bark girl. Well, okay. Now we're talking arf arf arf. Whoa take it easy, man
Papito, are you immortal? Sure? I can't imagine dying so I don't think I will you it is gross
No, the uh extended an eternal life is a curse as explored in various fiction that I don't know how to read because I'm a dog
Does papito believe in Filipino Jesus?
Can I eat that?
Is it bad to eat Jesus?
How your grandma full grand man full time? I thought he was
I thought grand man was my boss. Is he not?
There was a young seller from brighton who said to his girl
You're a tight one
She replied bless my soul. You're in the wrong hole. There's plenty of room in the right one
What?
Come on, man
Some say you aren't real but are simply a filter atop case's face while he uses a voice modulator
What do you say about that? Okay
Are you a vegetable? Yeah
How many whiskers do you have?
Mmm, I see at least
Two
We eat Jesus every Sunday at Catholic Church. Really?
They're giving him away?
And you have you named them?
Named who?
I mean I named everything I eat. Thank you
Uh is the good thing of eating Jesus that he comes back in three days
Yes, if that's a thing that grows way faster than the mold I eat that can take up to five days
Are cheese it's a good cheese snack. Yes. Yep cookies cookies. Sure. Yep. Pepe cookies
Is that like
alt-right cookies
What's your favorite first memory? What's your first memory of your mother the big?
Release and slapping onto the floor like a messy burrito
And splatting and then going give me some stuff. Are you gonna produce kettle stream too?
Any 420 plans smoke a bunch of
fire
So put a fire in my mouth and smoke that
420 eat eat a bunch eat full bags of weed
Can I eat a full bag of weed?
Is that okay for me to do?
I'll eat all of it. If anybody has a big three pound bag of weed, I'll eat the whole bag
Breakthrough. Thank you. Is that all the time we have?
Is your favorite girl scout cookie a girl scout? No
What are your top three farts of three I just did while saying no the most recent ones
Does the mole on my shoulder look contagious? It does Fiona's like I'm not sure he's mine
Oh
My mommy no I'm hers. Yes, Pappito. Thank you. That's all the time we have a bag of weed with cheese
That's all the time we have I meant cancerous about what?
My relationship with my mother break through
Will you eat the Easter Bunny?
Everything but but Peter's toes everything
It's all on the table. I hope put it on the table. I'm gonna eat it
I like this QA with petite with the pito is a QA
What another is that another thing that you guys call?
Cinnabar
Cinnabar Cinnabar Cinnabar national war. What I don't get it. Anyway, that's all the time we have
I'm the prettiest thing. I gotta make decisions. I gotta make the big decision. There's a little money for me to track
I gotta keep all the line items under the red line or everything needs to be in the black. I don't know whatever. That's it. Bye. Bye
Okay, good work, Pappito, but now we have the important work
of
filling up
for the final thing of the stream
We have to fill up the complaint jar
For the extremely rare appearance of AI Rooney
If you've never seen AI Rooney and that would be incredibly reasonable if you haven't
What I need from you is various
Rooney style complaints
Of course by that I mean
60 minutes host Andy Rooney who I'm sure all of you
Watch constantly
Andy Rooney style contankerous complaints about the modern world or really whatever you want
Anger over the way things used to be things are now
Just general sort of anger over the mundane universe in which we exist throw them in the chat
I will feed them into my proprietary AI Rooney
And then he will spit out
With his incredibly powerful AI brain
A perfect Andy Rooney style monologue for 60 minutes
um
Okay
Right and Andy Rooney 60 minute style monologue about the following complaints
Okay
And we've got an incredible one right off the bat. My soup is too hard
Of course
What's the deal?
um
With airline food one of the most classic complaints
Why
Why are traffic lights so much longer now incredible question? I'm sure Andy Rooney AI Rooney
Sorry has the answer back in my day. We locked up people in Kansas City Royals hats
Why'd we change the team that we affiliate with gangs is a really fair question that can only be answered
By an AI based on the brain of a 70 year old man
Who's dead why is everything so expensive back in my day something extremely valid point?
I remember
When agos didn't commit suicide something
Oh, whoops. I fucked up. I remember when agos didn't commit suicide
Okay, great. Great. I accidentally pasted that the middle of a different complaint
Great. Great. Something something buy stuff is what I wanted a sandwiches don't contain enough sand
I've always thought that and I've never had the guts to say it out loud and that's what this segment is for
Why is it?
Uh, I gotta find a better way to do this. Why is it that you never know when a new mole grows in?
It's just there. No warning or preamble. It's just like magic
Okay, um, why does the air smell so bad?
Is an incredible complaint legitimately and a really good question. I've asked in many rooms
Um, and let's just do these are the last ones these last three. Okay last four
Okay, last five, but now we're cutting it off
Um, if because this is gonna be way too long
If there is more than one Mexican restaurant in my town, can I still call it ethnic food? Whoa
So some of these are just
Legitimately great questions. Why are beverages sold in a pack of six who made that decision?
Always wondered that how did the sun get so hot some people?
I don't even know some people just don't even believe that it is because the claims about it being so hot are just so ridiculous
Uh pizza crust sounds disgusting
Agreed they should rename it
Um, and then I'll I'll just take these last two but then I have to stop because this is like 10 things long
Um, or 15 try to turn water into wine using only youtube tutorials and blind faith. Okay. That's not a complaint
So we want to add that and he hasn't been on in a while
Um, he has a lot to say and that's also not a complaint. So we want to do that one. Okay great. We're full up
The list is mighty and long. Let's see how Andy Rooney is doing. I hope the assets still function
Like they're supposed to
If not, we'll figure it out. It's time. Oh shit. You know what speaking of
Let's make sure he doesn't look drastically different. There's a chance I might have had to recently
Upgrade my proprietary Andy Rooney AI
Um, but let's see if that's a true statement or not
Mmm, oh no, is he one of the missing hosts?
Uh
The hell some of these I didn't know existed
Okay, you know what he looks a little different he we had to do some maintenance on him
And more of his internal core is showing than ever, but don't worry. It's still more or less the same AI Rooney
Um, so let's give it a shot. It's time for AI Rooney
If it works, there it is
I am AI Rooney
Classic AI Rooney the same as ever looking totally normal
Prepare yourself for complaint upload into your brain
Download it directly from my proprietary and powerful software
Press yourself humans for perfect complaints executed with maximum efficiency by the great AI Rooney
Um
Commence you ever know this hot soup these days is too hard
I was eating lunch the other day trying to eat lunch and my soup had the texture of a dry wall
I thought maybe I accidentally microwaved the candle back in my day soup came in these in three states hot hotter and boiling lava
Not hard if your soup is hard. You're not eating lunch. You're doing geology boom
And speaking
Things that make no sense. What's the deal with airline food? I got a deal on a flight recently that came with a label that just said
I'm trying the description just I'm trying like a mystery box for your interest
I opened it and it looked like someone did a raccoon to make a lasagna
And traffic lights why are they so long now? I sit through one cycle
And by the time it's green I've rewatched all seven seasons of matlock in my head
Inside my mind
Now I ain't gonna be able to build me for a rp while waiting to make a left turn
Uh
And I don't even started on the Kansas City Royals half back in my day
If you wore one of those they locked you up for your own protection. It wasn't a fashion
It was a cry for help and now they sell them in vintage shops vintage
We used to call it and the dance. You know my Easter
You know you you know
Repeating you know Easter used to mean something we die rocks to honor Jesus rocks
Not those fancy plastic eggs you roll up grandma's house with a sack full of painted gravel and sheet tear up
Promise could be nowadays kids don't even know what sedimentary means
And prices everything's expensive not back in my day
You can buy a week's worth of groceries two gallons of gas a haircut at a house with a change in your ash tray these days
It takes you take a breath in whole food and your down it card starts
Ripping
Your debt that carls crab before
I remember when Ingalls didn't commit suicide
That's right. You toasted the mist put up straight proud and golden these days they flop over black. They just read the news
Uh, and sandwiches. Why is it called a sandwich when there's no
sand
At least give me a little bread
Remind you of beach and for decisions
Speaking of unexpected things that's why you never know when the new mall shows up. There's no worrying. It doesn't knock
Just one day blue mess and moral on your shoulder
Like it's like the least one you were asleep and death grabs back in my day. We called that second base now. It's a bang
Why does the air smell so bad? They used to be a time when breeze meant flowers and fresh cut grass
Now a gust of wind smells like someone microwave despair
I read on the desk at the r2 mexican restaurants in my town is it still ethnic food or does that make it local?
At what point does a burrito become a structure?
Also why are beverages in a pack of six and not five or seven who decided i need six of its own
I want to meet the guy who said yeah, how about us? That's the strict sweet spot. That's why it's called toothpaste
Why does it call toothpaste and not toothpaste?
I have more than one tooth
And how does the song get so hot? I don't remember voting on that
I got seven checks and made out and come back with a second degree burn
The sun used to be polite. No, it's like a heat map with red dishes and lastly pizza crust
CRU-RA-ST
What the fuck?
Sounds like something you scrape off of a boat not eat
I love pizza especially the crust
That's like saying I love a hunt
Especially the part where they end and they always end and someday they will end forever. Have a great day humans
There are a lot of no-nothing fools who don't appreciate the modern art
Yeah, that's pretty much how that always went
Let's be real
It's the same
Um, okay
Hmm great
Great great great
You know guys
I was gonna check in on yogi bear
But it seems
Shockingly despite
Him functioning perfectly before
yogi bear
Refuses to cooperate
Somehow I broke yogi bear
How did I how did I even do that?
But you know, what did you do to yogi bear?
He's pissing me off. So I ate him. What? No, I wish he's too big. I don't know
Damn. Oh, well. Well, let's have to wait till he works again
And then finally check back in with yogi bear
Yo, he's been broken for a while now
Yeah, that is true
That's true. He was broken every time he showed up
So
Why would he stop now?
All right, everybody. It's the weekend
We made it
It wasn't the weekend during the stream, but now that it's over you're finally released into the wilds of friday night
What a time to be alive. Let's see who's on
Who's burning that friday not so midnight oil here on the west coast
But getting there on the east coast, you know what I mean? I don't care about time zone case
Stop it. Oh
um
Oh t-pain is on
Uh looks like brie is on
Who we have in fact played
Several rounds of repo with
So let's give her a raid
Static slater
This is Kendall and now my friend brie
So say hi to brie on behalf of me, but it is a papito raid, right? Yeah, it's always a papito raid case
You gotta know who the main character is man. I miss me not you
You weren't even here for weeks and everybody was like
I'm not even care about this tell papito's back. Thank god. I never left actually. I was just drinking jolt colas
Out of the trash. Why'd you put them in the trash first because their trash colas
They get warm in the trash and they taste better
Hmm. Oh munch and crumb. Well, they didn't I guess we did a bunch of crumb this week. You only get one
Uh, thank you all for hanging out. Uh, magister. That's very kind of you to say
About the stream
Because I scroll through all the chats I missed while just totally enraptured by ai runy
Munch is the main character. Oh, it's him. Oh weird
That's probably why you don't get that many viewers. I get enough viewers papito. Don't insult my viewership
I just mean if munch is the main character you might have to reconsider
He certainly thinks he is that's true. So I'm just saying a thing enough times makes it true
May some my observations
Of you fleshy humans. Are you an alien papito? I am a dog. I don't know how many times I have to explain this
It's a papito raid everybody
God bless
Beautiful Filipino jesus amen
I'm gonna eat the body of christ because apparently that's acceptable and we'll see you all soon. Bye. Bye
Are you really allowed to eat jesus? They just let you do that. Do you eat crackers at our heads? He was a cracker
Why are we religious? You can be religious papito. I don't know. I'm faithful now. Give me crackers
Secret stream give me crackers. You eat cheese. Give me that too. Do you get to eat jesus the cheese?
I don't think they put cheese on jesus usually. Oh
Anyway, secret streams over I gotta go eat cracker jesus