I'm Papita, I'm the dog that produces the show, and now it is live, and I'm a dog.
My god, he's so consistent, turn of don just for the start of the stream.
Not that I'm not very excited to hear the hype train.
Good to see everybody.
John Michael, Ray Silva, Bundlesprout, Syke, or Uncle Phil, Apple to Apple.
Love the hate, Super Beast, Nios the One, Commander Keb, Subreechi the Master Mod.
Love the hate, Ray Silva.
Oh, we have assembled for this instantaneous hype train.
Great to see you all.
I guess I've been, you know, kind of on vacation, kind of working.
I'm in Michigan, but I'm back in the voluminous new studio,
and ready to cover all of the important events of the day.
But of course, first things first, there is a hype train.
Good to see you, Uncle Phil 2K.
I guess let's see if the hype train had a decent holiday.
Is that how it works for the hype train?
I don't even know.
What was good about it?
You sound pretty tired.
Apparently the hype train is muted for some reason.
I don't know why it looks like it should be working.
I don't know how to fix the hype train.
We're attempting to fix this as usual, live.
All right, hype train, let's see.
I leave for one minute, and my whole hype train breaks.
What the hell?
How about...
There we fucking go!
I'm back.
I'm as good as I had so many important things to say.
You're all in luck with the double music we're playing.
Anyway, I need to thank some people.
I'm mostly here because I'm such a good guy,
and I thank everybody.
Thank you so much to Uncle Phil 2K for the 100 bits,
and Skymer for the resub, as well as Waco's art for the 20 months.
20 months for Skymer, 20 months for Waco's?
That's good.
That is good.
Thank you guys so much.
Okay, I think the hype train is now working.
Well, maybe partially.
Sorry, hype train.
You still need more technical sorting.
There we go.
I'm back.
I'm fucking back again.
Oh, we're going amongst the net, baby!
Oh, the hype train knows about amongst the net?
I know it all.
I can see it all.
Now give me some time to terrible beat before I die.
You want to beat before you die?
Yeah, I want to say hi to everybody
over the terrible beat.
Okay, that's fair.
I'll look up terrible trap beat.
We'll see what we get.
A good old terrible trap beat
for some terrible rapping from the hype train.
Oh, I'm blaming.
Terrible trap beat.
Hype train's shy.
He's muted again.
What the fuck?
No, I'm back.
I swear to God, I'm back.
You're thinking you're back?
I'm thinking I'm back.
There's a whole playlist called Worst Beats.
I cannot show you guys the image on this beat.
Let's just say someone did something interesting
to SpongeBob's face.
Wow, this is a terrible beat.
Wait, what's so bad about it?
Well, first I have no base.
This is a miserable hype train.
I mean, I guess you could change it.
Yeah, but you asked for a terrible beat.
Wait, wait, wait.
You want to say hi to people?
I do.
I can rap over anything.
That's how hyped I am.
Well, back from just live for us and you know what we say.
We say hello to the dreamies in Uncle Phil 2K.
He dropped a hundred bits.
Oh, you know we live in it.
And the hype chain, and I'm speaking in shit.
Yep, you are.
That's true.
What it does, treat the weed.
I'm so glad that you came right through.
We got Waze.
Silver.
The builder.
In the chat.
Yeah, you know that he's a killer.
We got Skimer.
Blah, blah, blah.
Now we're fired.
Skimer with the wheels flying hard.
Hard.
It's like a hair, but even better.
Lively sleazy getting here so no one getting wet.
Or I'm soaked.
Straight through the wheels.
Hive train on the beat so you know that I'll feel the whole chat.
Coming straight from the back.
Hive train saying hi.
Blah, blah.
Okay, well, hype train said hi.
Hey, Apple Apple.
Say hi to Apple Apple.
I hope everybody had a good July for it.
This beat is fucking awful.
Yeah, that's what the people demand.
The nasty beat that you can barely stand.
Why?
Because it sounded like shit.
Fucking plan.
Blah, blah.
Well, we're on the train.
This is really, this is a vicious beat
for our ears hype train.
I'm really hoping you die soon.
I mean, that's the circle of life, dude.
You live for two minutes and then you die.
And the whole time you're alive,
you grab over awful beat
and you can't even show the picture
because it's blackface SpongeBob.
Yeah, that is why we can't show it.
Also, for some reason, my alerts aren't making noise,
but maybe that makes the stream more peaceful today.
We're a stream of peace.
Thank you so much, Brundle Sprout, though.
Y'all say thank you, Brundle Sprout.
Thank you, S1000.
Play me 30 seconds of an awful beat
before I fucking die.
I'm sorry that you're so limited in your...
Oh.
This playlist is living up to its name,
but it's got a classic picture at least.
At least it looks like a classic.
Yeah, man, it's a classic, man.
Look at him.
That boy's money goes hard.
Yeah, well, maybe I'll live, actually.
Maybe this time what I'll try doing is
maybe I'll survive forever.
No, you really should already be dead.
I don't know how you're even clinging to life.
I refuse to leave the beat on that beat.
It was too bad.
Xander, thank you so much for the resub.
20 months.
Brundle Sprout, gifting psychor, a hot sub,
S1000, 18 months.
We're back.
We're warmed up for the news
with the usual visual and sonic assault of the hype train.
That's a good question.
I should ask that next time, Mr. Smith.
Is it a new hype train every time?
It seems to have memories of previous events.
So I think it might be getting banished to hell
and coming right back.
Sort of spawn, like, it's a spawn situation.
But if spawn was a train,
that makes sense, I think.
Papito, how are you doing?
I'm fucking great.
Language, Papito.
Sorry, bitch.
What?
I don't know. I've been hanging out with Chet.
Fuck.
Oh, no, he's picked up Chet words.
Fucking what? Shit.
Spawn's the shit, bitch.
Papito, just take it easy.
I am.
You're kind of more of a PG character, Papito.
Can we at least have one of those?
Nah, you fucking bitch.
You only know two curse words?
Those are the only ones he said.
So those are the only two I know.
And I fuck with those bitches.
The bitches being the two curse words I now know.
We're supposed to be a news outfit.
Don't worry, Matt.
Wait, yes we are.
Oh, whoops.
I thought we were, um...
like...
that Steve Harvey show Family Feud?
Why'd you think that?
Because I'm a dog, I don't know what anything is.
I guess that doesn't make sense, but that is fair.
Okay, well let's send it over to some news,
we'll do some news, and then we'll do some news,
and then we'll go around some nets.
What a day we have planned.
Yes! Good to see everyone.
It's me, that happened to be
Jeff fucking Ripple.
Wow, I love that zoom.
Got to reel up in on my chin.
It's a strong chin, it's good to see everybody.
You're now in the news zone
with the OG himself, Jeff Ripple.
And we've got serious breaking news, I'm assuming.
Oh, Biden stuff.
I feel like we have to do a little
Biden wrap around coverage,
because I did the... I covered the debate.
Munch and Crumb covered the debate.
You sat on your lazy fucking ass case.
What is with everybody? Well, Chet had a mixer.
And he didn't invite me?
I just thought you were busy, I didn't realize you weren't invited.
Whoops.
Anyway, now all of us love to say
fuck and bitch.
Everybody like to say that already.
You can see the charcoal.
This is all natural, it's just this dark.
How dare you, card king?
I look great.
Eugh!
What did you think of the debate?
I thought they both made some good points.
What?
Neither of them made good points.
You didn't watch it.
We all watched it
in the sense that
we've been having to hear about it now for a week.
And you're continuing that trend
by continuing, apparently, to talk about it.
Canary would die in that coal mine of a beard.
No!
This is...
What about my beard?
Looks fake. Zoom in slow.
And let them really take it in.
It was a really good time.
You really missed out.
And there'll never be another one.
Well, he doesn't every week.
Yeah, we're all invited every week.
I thought you were always busy.
That sucks for me. That does suck for you.
Anyway, look how good my beard looks.
It looks fake.
It's like a mixers.
You were like, what did you think about the debate?
And your beard that you put stuff in
looks fake. You just admitted it.
Good thing nobody's watching.
A couple people are watching. Fuck!
Let's talk about Biden.
I thought we were doing news here.
Wasn't it only two weeks ago?
The debate? Yeah, a little less than two weeks.
I think.
Yeah, like, what?
Not last Thursday, but the Thursday before?
I bet there are tens of thousands
watching on X. Yeah, be careful, Kase.
You're blowing up on X.
You sure you want to support that platform?
I'm not dying to support any platform,
but I'm happy to have views.
But they're not blatantly fake.
Bots need views to watch things, too.
Bots get bored just like the rest of us.
And unfortunately, they're stuck
watching you for some reason.
I guess so.
The post-debate doom posting isn't helping people.
Well, I don't think the point was ever to help.
I think the point is more to be like,
actually, I'm right.
That is sort of the point of posting.
And people have been going for that lately.
In a way that's truly inspiring,
everyone is pretty sure they're right.
And I'm inclined to believe all of them.
But a lot of them are contradicting each other.
That's what everybody's got to put.
You see, there's always a middle ground
between two diametrically opposed sides,
like staying in the race versus not.
The middle ground is, we just don't think about it,
and then eventually he stays in the race
because we kind of got confused and the convention
rolls around and we're like,
that does sound like what might happen.
Anyway.
Oh, wait, this is that sketch stuff.
This is the sketch story.
Oh, yeah, I wasn't going to cover that,
actually, because...
Well, you know, I will say, though,
the fact that anyone is mad at sketch
I don't even know much about sketch
other than the hand movement
and a couple clips where he seems funny.
But the fact that it's even a scandal
that he's gay
or had an only fans is very depressing.
But he's a children's entertainer.
Are we really going to let children watch
guys that have done porn?
Yeah, we do all the time, actually.
Or, you know, presidents who have fucked porn stars.
Anyway, everybody should shut the fuck up about sketch
and just let him go about his business.
He seems like a nice guy.
What about that hand movement made it stick in your head?
Yeah, case, what about that?
It's just a strong movement.
It's just...
No one can jerk off like this.
The fists are closed.
This would just be banging your penis
between two hands.
Which I've never done.
You don't jam your penis between two hands.
Is that your version of the sketch move?
Is you just fucking banging your...
I hit the mic.
Stop doing the sketch move.
He's been through enough.
We don't need to steal his gimmick.
His gimmick is more than banging the hands,
or whatever. Let's, I guess, learn about more
Biden things. Apparently there was some...
There was a tense interaction
at a White House press briefing.
Let's see what happened.
But the president, I can tell you,
has seen a neurologist three times
as it's connected to a physical
that he gets every year.
He's close.
That's a very basic direct question.
Hold on, hold on.
Wait, wait.
Everybody's sounding nice and reasonable.
In regards to the president specifically.
Wait, hold on a second.
Wait, no, no, no, no, no.
No, wait a minute.
Ed, please.
Ed?
So, every year,
around
the president's
physical examination, he sees a neurologist.
That's three times, right?
So I am telling you
that he has seen a neurologist
three times while he has been in this presidency.
That's what I'm saying.
I'm telling you that he has seen them three times.
That is what I'm sharing with you.
Right?
So every time he has a physical,
he has had to see a neurologist.
So that is answering that question.
That's a thorough physical.
Usually, Ed is close.
I also said to you,
Ed, I also said to you
for security reasons, we cannot share names.
She's a diver.
We cannot share names.
Others he would have met with.
We cannot share names in regards to
if someone came here.
We cannot share names of specialists
broadly.
From a dermatologist to a neurologist.
His skin is so orange.
There are security reasons.
Wait a minute. Is she telling us that we're never going to know
who gave Biden that beautiful
natural orange glow that he now has?
Orange man hot?
Finally, we can say, I think.
I guess that is what she's saying.
That's unfortunate.
We have to...
I understand that.
I hear you.
Ed, I hear you.
I cannot from here confirm any of that
because we have to keep their privacy.
I think they would appreciate that too.
We have to give them...
Ed will not shut the fuck up.
It's public information.
I hear you.
It's being...
Guys, hold on a second.
I want to get back and go back and forth
and be in this aggressive way.
We are all miffed around here about
how information has been shared with the press corps.
What are you miffed about?
We are all miffed around here about
how information has been shared with the press corps.
He just said they're miffed?
Oh my God, Ed.
He went in. That's the word that I actually just beeped out.
I was like, you know what? Ed's really
and I said miffed.
He went there.
What are you miffed about?
Everything he just asked about.
And then every time I come back
and I answer the question that you guys asked,
I never answered the question incorrectly.
That is not true.
I was asked about a medical exam.
I was asked about a physical.
That was in the line of question that I answered.
And I said, no, he did not have a medical exam.
And I still stand by that.
Either of them said anything
remotely informative?
A couple times a week.
Now in regards to Dr. Kevin Canard.
And I am telling you
right now that I am not
sharing confirming names from here.
It is a security reason.
Or behind. Or haven't moved at all.
It doesn't matter how hard you push me.
It doesn't matter how angry you get with me.
I'm not going to confirm.
This is so weird.
It doesn't matter if it's even in the log.
I am not going to do that from here.
That is not something I am going to do.
What I can share with you
is that the president has seen a neurologist
physical three times.
Three times.
And it is in the reporting
that we share a comprehensive reporting.
Matter of fact, it's more than what the last guy shared.
And it is in line
with what George W. Bush did.
It's in line with what Obamac is.
Yes, most presidents have not.
And so it is comprehensive. It is out there.
I just read a report from it.
But I am not
going to devolve somebody.
Why is she going with this strategy?
She's going to do that.
Like passionate rambling.
I'm not going to do that.
It doesn't matter how hard you push me.
It doesn't matter how angry you get with me.
She's repeating herself.
Oh my God, she's Biden-ing.
Quick, we need her neurological results.
It is not acceptable.
So I'm not going to do it.
Okay, well, oh my God.
Immediate jump scare.
Okay.
Well, once again,
I feel like I don't know anything new.
Well, that's the power of the news case.
Sometimes the information
is not informative information.
Sort of the mission statement, I guess, of this network.
Uncle Phil's two cases.
You know, to be 100% honest,
I read the debate transcript.
Biden actually quoted shitloads of facts.
Word of the day.
And oh wait, fucking bitch, we're sorry.
Word of the day is miffed.
Oh, okay.
He had excellent recall command of the issues.
And everyone is hung up on pure...
It's pure unchecked ageism.
They're hung up on it because of that he said.
And it's bullshit, but Democrats have always been spineless.
Well, take that case.
Me.
Big capital D, damn.
I don't know if that's true, but...
Okay.
I'll be an invertebrate.
Just get behind Biden already.
Hey, I already said I would vote for the fucking guy.
I will say, Uncle Phil 2K,
I think you've got a bit of a point,
but I do think he came off
like a dying windbag.
Windbags don't die.
They draw a little face on them.
Well, smiley face 2X's.
Then now it's a dead windbag.
And that was Biden.
So disrespectful.
I just mean, you know, my dad and my mom both had dementia.
And I don't think he's as far along as they were,
but he reminds me of them in the early phases of dementia
and has been reminding me of that since 2020.
I do think it's completely fair
that all of the focus
that is on him
for seeming mentally impaired.
I'm sure he's
relatively alert for an 80-plus-year-old man
with early signs of dementia,
but I think that's a weird bar to set for the president.
At the same time, I don't know.
I mean, if we're stuck with him, we're stuck with him.
It's not like I'm going to vote for Trump.
Biden had one job.
Don't look feeble in front of the criminal, and he did.
I do think some people are pointing out
that it'd be nice to focus, I guess,
on saying the insane things Trump said more.
Maybe? I mean, it's just Trump has been saying
those insane things for four years,
and it feels like shining a light on them
has somehow only made him more popular.
So, as usual, I'm not going to claim to have any answers here.
But I do think if we are telling ourselves
that he didn't seem like he had some kind of mental impairment
and has seemed that way for a while,
it's just too... I mean, there's a reason his polls crashed.
It's just too blatant. It's too blatant to ignore at this point.
And it's crazy that it was being ignored before this point,
in my opinion, but I agree
his visual presentation was shitty,
but he's still keeping himself on point.
I mean, he got asked about abortion,
which is like the most layup issue for Democrats,
and he somehow pivoted a question about abortion
into one of his weakest issues,
border control, and brought up like a bizarre murder case.
I just don't think, unfortunately,
even in the transcript, it was entirely sharp.
But, you know, I would in fact vote for a corpse
with a D written on it over Trump,
so it's not the highest part of clear for me, at least,
but I'm certain it might be a higher bar than that
for some people.
There's some people who might no longer be voting for him.
Well, listen, us undecided voters,
proudly undecided since 1972.
Corpse Harris, 2024, well, there you go.
You know, I'm playing the game Hollow Knight.
He's Hollow, he's still a Knight.
Let's just do that with Biden.
Put a big bunny skull mask thing on him,
send him into a maze.
If he emerges, he can be president.
Trump has already said that he could shoot someone on Fifth Avenue,
nothing would happen, and I believe him, unfortunately.
I do also, again, I think he could probably say,
vote for me.
Biden is actually my lover.
I love him.
Vote for my lover, Joe Biden,
and people would still vote for Trump.
Well, you know, Republicans don't mind gay people
when they're horribly conservative and anti-gay rights.
That's true.
That is a popular genre of gay conservative is.
Anti-gay rights.
Gay conservative.
It's a unique blend.
Oh, anyway, you're talking so much trash about Biden.
Let's see what he had to say.
Apparently today he was talking to NATO
about funds, international affairs,
and he's bringing the righteous fury
and the mental acumen of a champion.
Let's see what he had to say.
Does he have a mullet?
Wait, sorry, I know he interrupts a lot.
Does he have a mullet right now?
Because that look is in.
And it does make him look younger.
I'm starting to think he looks, again, pretty hot.
Secretary, you've guided this alliance
through one of the most consequential periods
in its history.
I realize I was talking to your wife.
I personally ask you to extend your service.
Why didn't he say...
Why didn't he say talk to his wife like that?
I was talking to your wife.
The president basically just said,
I fucked your wife.
He didn't say anything.
Jeff, he did not say I just fucked your wife.
Listen, do it back.
I don't know. It had the energy of like,
let's talk to your wife.
I realize I was talking to your wife.
Why didn't he say it like that?
What's happening?
And you put your own plans on hold.
When the Russian war in Ukraine began,
you didn't hesitate.
Shock, jock, Joe, I like it too.
Today NATO is stronger,
smarter,
and more energized
than when you began.
And a billion people across Europe
and North America
need the whole world
to receive awards this morning
for years to come
in the form of security,
opportunity, and greater freedom.
For these reasons,
I am pleased to award you
the highest civilian honor the United States can bestow.
What's that?
It's a civilian.
Ask him.
Exterminator, thank you for the 20 months.
Everyone's applauding for Exterminator.
Incredible work, Exterminator.
20 months of excellence.
I'm asking you to read the citation.
Look at this cool guy. What the hell?
We need to show Biden doing more stuff like this.
Guy's in impressive suits.
Shaking hands, a weird old professor guy.
Thank you for the 20 months.
Look at this guy.
Surround Biden in military men.
He's going to award this presidential
Medal of Freedom
to Jens Stoltenberg.
A visionary statesman
and ceaseless defender of democracy.
Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg.
Just to point this out,
just as a body language expert,
which I now have decided I am,
Biden's sort of in the like,
he's kind of in the like the tough guy,
like shoulders up pose a little bit.
Just a tiny bit.
And I think he's cutting an impressive figure.
No alliance through the most consequential
decade for European security
since World War II.
This is five minutes.
It's five minutes of this.
I don't know.
So I thought that he said some crazy stuff
about Ukraine, maybe.
He's farting.
No, he's not farting.
Look, he's not. Okay, maybe he's farting.
Maybe he's farting just a little bit.
But I would respect Biden more
if he just loudly and openly farted
every stage he was on.
He's like, he's like, I am old.
It's actually not affecting my brain.
It's affecting my ass.
You'd like that? I think it would just be
it could distract from the brain stuff.
Yeah, Trump too.
They're both marking their territory.
If the next debate is just them
fucking having a gas off,
I think it would be about the same amount
of information, the same amount
of salient information would be delivered
if they stood backwards on stools
and put it into a microphone.
I'm just saying, I'd prefer it too.
It's a pretty dumb case.
It's a little, yes, it is.
Okay, as long as you know.
Hmm, okay.
Well, that's what he's up to.
He seems to honestly,
I think it's fine actually.
I think it's fine.
I think he's a little like,
he's got his mouth full of soup.
But I think it's fine, more or less.
And I think we need to chill.
I mean, he's still perpetrating a genocide,
I'd like to point out.
Oh, at least assisting.
He's fucking giving the alley-oop to genocide
every other day.
That's one of his less appealing qualities, for sure.
Oh, it's a little less appealing.
It's a little, that's one of the
things we like less about him.
But also,
he's not Trump.
That is a strong argument
that he makes by not being him.
That is true.
It's his real ace in the hole.
He's not that guy.
But you know, he might still fuck it up,
so we'll continue watching.
I guess this is her Biden news for the day.
Oh, Biden promises new air defenses
for Ukraine in forceful NATO
speech.
Maybe before giving out that award, I'm not sure.
But basically, he said
something or other,
we're going to continue to support Ukraine.
Oh, new air defenses.
Okay.
It's a shrug from Jeff on
international war.
Well, you know, we just have to say over it.
So basically, you hear stuff like that
and you're like, well, I never got any
say at all anyway.
Let's be forced to vote for this old guy.
And we just have to get on board because
the whole party infrastructure is telling everyone
to just kind of shut the fuck up,
complain, but ultimately
pony up at the bar and just hit the button.
Yeah, I mean, the genocide question
doesn't really matter between the two of them.
They'd both be doing the exact same thing.
One of the other depressing things about
voting on a presidential level at least.
What can you do?
Just play the news loop.
Play the news loop.
Loop the news.
You know, it's not all gloom and doom.
You got to stand next to some
sexy military men
in some really funny suits.
Sorry, fun suits.
Funny, you're calling military suits funny.
Dangles and badges and stuff
that is covered in ropes and
little medals.
Isn't it kind of silly?
No, those are important
to markers of honor
and
sacrifice.
It is like little badges though.
Sort of like Boy Scouts that can kill people, right?
That's what you think the military is?
I think so.
I think that's fair to say.
All right, Jeff.
Well, thanks for being here.
I guess that's all the Biden news we need for the day.
Biden time, I just got that.
Because it's time for Biden.
Did I not get it?
Well, either way, I'm Jeff Ripple and I'm getting the hell out of here.
I'm fucking free, baby.
Boy Scouts can't kill people?
Is that why everybody wants an eagle badge?
Because it gives you the James Bond
license to kill?
Is that one of the badges you earn as an eagle scout?
Is your license to kill badge?
I don't see why not.
I think a lot of people are in that boat.
Hopefully more than...
How many...
What percentage do you need to win the presidency now?
49%.
Ever quite a majority.
There's a life scout, so why not a death scout?
That sounds like a fun name for an anime.
Death Scout.
RIP Sharky. Wait, what happened to Sharky?
It's Sharky. Who is Sharky?
Sharky.
Whenever Live In Sleazy says something that I don't track,
I know that it's in relation to something real
and that I should know.
Sharky is James Bond's friend
in license to kill.
The font of knowledge
that is Live In Sleazy.
Never ceases to amaze me.
And now I remember that.
Boy, I gotta ask.
Alright, Kendall called me.
I'm gonna call her on speakerphone.
Should I warn her that I'm streaming?
This microphone first?
Should I just go in? I think I'm just gonna make her be on the stream.
For fun.
It's a kend call.
That's against... I'm gonna say that.
Hey, Kendall, you're on the stream.
I'm coming back and I was gonna ask if you're hungry.
I am hungry.
Um...
42 minutes, but I might do a shorter one today
because I started pretty late.
Yeah, should we eat around 6?
Okay. I'll see you in a little bit.
Yeah.
Things you want to say for the stream to know?
Okay, thanks so much for the info.
Okay.
Cool.
Alright, I'll see you in a bit.
Goodbye.
Well, you heard it here first.
Um...
Oh, I forgot to say hi for you all.
I'm so sorry.
She'll open up chat.
And then she'll see the well wishes.
Whoa!
That's cute.
Listen up, Jack.
Microphone and I under just Mama Jam 750 shiny tasty coins.
And I've been dying to say this.
Parkinson's can't stop me.
Death can't catch me. I'm unstoppable.
Highest at me for press 2024.
Wow.
Well, you know, like the president likes to say,
regardless of how it goes, as long as he tries hard,
that's all that really matters.
And I love to see that spirit from him.
You miss 100% of the presidencies you don't run for.
And that's why he refuses to not...
Oh, Kendall's calling me back.
And I missed it.
Let's put her on the stream immediately again.
This is now a case calling Kendall. This is the new call-in show.
Hello!
I do have something for the stream.
Oh, she has something for you guys.
Also, the stream says hi.
Oh, little stream. I do have something.
Okay.
Question is, which one of you motherfuckers put me on wiki theme?
Oh, somebody put Kendall on wiki theme.
No one is confessing yet.
But I will go look at the page to try to sort it out.
BigJDub says it wasn't them.
So it wasn't BigJDub confirmed by BigJDub.
It wasn't me just so you know.
Who asked for a link?
Yeah, first person to post the link is the most suspicious.
Well, I'll go investigate this for you.
As a news outfit, maybe I can get to the bottom of it.
Okay.
Bye.
You only post Kevin's feet on fulfill2k?
That's fine.
Kevin's whole body is a first come first serve.
All right, wiki feet.
Wow, I don't...
Whoa, that's a lot of feet.
Also, though, some upper body.
What's going on there?
Kendall Lynn.
Oh, no, I was there when she took this photo.
She's on here.
She's on here.
No.
Her harmless doc photo.
I think if you post a picture of your foot,
then it is kind of fair game for the internet to add it to this website for cataloging feet.
Honestly, kind of a good foot pic.
Not that I'm in defeat.
Wasn't me.
Also, thank you to exterminator, Zander, Cycor, S1000 and Skymer,
our recent subs, as well as Tam Tran, CV loves you entity,
Street Marine and I worship Shadow, our top underwriters,
and of course, microphone 900 for the hot 750.
We love to see it.
That's like an actual ban.
It is a little odd to go to the trouble of making a wiki feet for her feet.
But then again, you know, technically your Instagram is sort of her wiki feet
because it was hot on the Insta.
She's trying to show off the tattoo, I think.
I didn't do it.
I didn't.
I did not.
I'll destroy my relationship.
Chat.
All right.
I need to hit the eject button.
I got to go to the alternate neon city before I get in trouble
for all the feet pics.
I didn't even post or catalog.
It's time to go.
Hmm.
Amongst the web.
Hello, everybody.
He likes this track so much.
What?
No, I don't.
You like this track.
I'm tired now.
I'm scrubbing.
And then the place came to the place.
What are we doing?
We're watching America's funniest web videos.
More or less, you know, we don't have quite the same theme song,
but the general vicinity of that.
I do hate music.
I enjoy that I crush that track.
Conquering music forever.
Now I never have to listen to it again.
Anything but my track, which is a side of my victory against the
disgusting sonic force that has been perpetrated against human
ears for nigh eons music.
You really hate all music?
Yes, I even hate my own song.
But it's like hate sex.
It's theoretical.
And I've never had it.
You ever had sex?
I would have discussed that with you.
That's personal.
It's disgusting for you to bring about.
What are we watching?
We're watching videos.
Let's just get to that.
I don't think banter with you is going to go that well.
So let's just check out some web videos.
We've got a lot to get through.
I might have to jump around a little bit.
I'll try to hit a couple from a few different people that
posted them.
If I miss yours, did anybody want a specific one?
I posted a specific Joe Rogan video.
We should ask Joe about.
John Michael, I see that.
This was requested by...
Oh, this was requested by John Michael.
So John Michael, we'll make sure to watch that.
And we'll watch.
And we'll ask Joe about it at some point.
Maybe we'll do a Joe Rogan today.
Just to really challenge ourselves.
Anyway, let's check this thing out.
That's how we bark.
Oh, shit.
Oh, death.
They died.
It turned out to be a dark video about the...
about death on a plane.
It was a bit.
Oh, my God, all of those people sucked into the air.
Screaming on their deaths.
Falling like this.
Oh, look through the sky.
But you imagine.
Why do they sound like that?
So far it's an 8.58.
I want a bed of air, but the bed is sinking.
And at the end of the...
when it finishes, I will explode.
Until death.
A blood and bone.
It's an 8.58.
I wanted to give every host a chance to do this.
Scrum, but...
If you need to take a break, I understand.
Oh, I feel okay. I'm good to go.
Scooby could just eat a Scooby snack and fly safe.
Fly too safe.
Can he fly when he eats Scooby snacks?
Does that, like, split up?
For Popeye?
To, like, give him powers?
I don't...
I guess they kind of do.
He and Shaggy get pretty hyped, but I don't know if they get specific powers.
I think you die before hitting the ground.
Is that true?
Is it, like, the vacuum of space?
Does it suck all your organs out of your butt
when you fall too far through the sky?
Why would that happen?
Air pressure, I don't know.
If you don't pop your ears, I think your butt...
explodes.
Also, maybe not everybody got sucked out of the plane.
Is that clip from Lost?
I can't remember which plane catastrophe
that was a shot of.
Anyway, we got a lot of videos to get through.
Okay?
Focus up, Scrum. I am focused.
Stop distracting me.
Raw dog...
Okay, I don't know what this is,
but we're going in raw, because he said it.
Raw dogging is a new trend
where when you're on a flight and you just sit there
and you don't do a goddamn thing
except for stare at the maps.
The little thing that tells you how far along you are
on the flight in front of you.
You don't listen to music.
You don't drink water.
You don't eat the snacks.
You don't get on your computer.
You just sit there and raw dog.
So, what is that a trend?
So, this guy says,
just raw dog to seven-hour flight.
New personal best.
No headphones, no water, nothing.
Looking at the flight map.
This is the worst.
And then this guy
is an Australian musician.
15 hours.
Are you allowed to go pee, Wes?
Okay, so here's the thing.
In raw dogging, you can go pee,
but there's even more extreme
form of raw dogging,
which is called barebacking.
Where your seatbelt the entire time,
you don't go pee.
No music, nothing.
You can't even look at the map.
You just look at a blank screen.
Dude, if you're going to go raw dog,
you might as well go bareback.
Oh, it's going to get crazy if it catches on.
People are going to just be a fucking flight of zombies
just staring at.
Don't bother me.
I'm raw dogging.
Yeah, raw dog in progress.
How many guys are in this podcast?
You've got a whole flight worth,
and you just got everyone.
Are these guys raw dogging their podcast?
Dude, you're so freaky.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah!
So now it's a challenge just to do a flight normally.
You're telling me that that's how you fly on a plane?
Well, I also try to limit my breaths.
Just in case there isn't enough oxygen on the flight.
Obviously, I also usually cover up the little in-flight screen
in front of me, the little too stimulating.
I prefer to be completely stationary.
I try not to move at all, waste zero calories,
breathe as little as possible.
Obviously, I never go to a disgusting plane bathroom
to release my urine or defecate.
I say no words, even if asked.
I do not move.
I barely breathe.
That's the proper way to do a flight.
A 3.6 is the rating lower than the previous.
That is how I would imagine you're doing a flight.
It would be terrifying, though, if this catch is on enough.
And it is just a full flight of men staring blankly
at the seat in front of them.
Me?
I brought my switch on the last plane,
and I played Hollow Knight.
And the game's pretty hard, and I got frustrated.
You're smiling.
No, I'm grimacing.
You have to take the seat next to the bathroom
and never use it to be extra hardcore.
Well, I try to get a near-bathroom seat
because people are bothered by the stench.
They're fooling themselves.
A plane bathroom produces no stench.
That's psychosomatic.
It kind of smells sometimes, dude.
No, it's in your head.
If anything, occasionally, when the doors open,
the smell of air freshener is released.
But the pure aerodynamics of the plane
don't allow the poo particles to escape the bathroom.
They do, dude.
I've been on planes where it smells like bad.
It's in your head.
Sometimes I sit.
Sometimes I stand in front of the bathroom
without using it, and I guard the bathroom.
They would make you sit down eventually.
If I'm motionless enough, people get confused.
They think I'm an air-martial,
and I can actually spend the whole plane standing.
Spend the whole plane.
I spend the whole plane standing.
We got to watch another video.
If Ivan Sluisey's been kind enough to share a video,
let's watch this next one.
We got to speed up a little bit.
Okay, then stop distracting me.
Talk to people, they're awesome, bro.
Everybody here looks fucking gay.
Everybody here looks like a goddamn dyke,
and I'm trying to talk to this girl last night.
I'd be like, oh, my God, you're so cute.
I got her number.
I'm like, oh, which is totally hanging out
because you're so attractive.
She takes me back today and be like, oh, I'm not gay.
You have a fanny pack.
You're wearing Doc Martins.
You have a carabiner.
Your hair is short and dyed.
You look like the dyke's person I've ever seen in my life,
but you're not gay?
Okay, okay.
I don't know the woolen she's talking about,
so I don't feel invested.
She's just detailing her experience of failing
to hit on a girl who turned up to be straight.
Well, maybe she didn't fail.
The other girl failed to be gay.
Hmm.
Those are the struggles of dating.
Sometimes you hit on a woman all night,
and it turns out you were just talking
to the TV bar.
The bar above the TV.
You got confused by the news anchor.
You thought it was a woman.
And she never called you back, obviously,
because she's just a person on a screen.
It's never happened to anyone.
Have you ever?
Let's get informed.
This is six minutes.
We're going to jump around a little bit.
That video did about a five, by the way.
Notice all the weird restaurant names
in the airport when you're hungry.
Drink martini bar.
Soho bistro?
Yeah.
I've never thought of something less generic
than New York deli.
Every day, millions of us visit restaurants
and bars and terminals across the country
that have driven up to 59%
of non-aeronautical airport revenue.
But why would any of that responsibility
be put in the hands of these seemingly fake restaurants?
I got curious and started digging into three things.
First, how widespread they are.
Second, who's behind them.
And third, why do airports choose to work with them?
What I found was a world of generic restaurants
that aren't so generic, after all.
Okay, before we go deeper into this,
when I say fake,
I don't mean these restaurants are breaking the law.
These are legitimate juices.
Okay, we're going to jump ahead.
This is more finding.
They're just giving Thanksgiving dinner.
Thanksgiving dinner?
Who goes to the airport?
We're going to call it right there
just because that's like a little appetizer
for everyone.
What?
Why can't we watch all six minutes
and get informed about who owns them?
Well, you know,
check it out, it's from The Hustle.
And you can watch the whole thing at six minutes.
It's just a quick watch
when you don't have more videos to get through.
I like the subject matter.
I think it would get a higher rating
if we watch the whole thing, but...
You just taint this rating case.
You have no respect for The Hustle,
and I'm not surprised.
I respect The Hustle.
Okay, this one's a little shorter.
It's a short guy to follow up that long guy.
3.29.
That's dangerous.
Those bubbles could get in driver's eyes.
Let's watch that again for safety.
I'm upset.
By the bubble song?
They're out there spraying bubbles into driver's faces.
There's no telling the unchecked havoc
they could be causing.
The other bubble assault.
Oh, there's no rating yet.
Sorry, I went in that one a little hard.
But you can now rate it.
Anyway, they should be ashamed of themselves.
I think they're having fun, man.
They're just putting out some bubbles.
What's the problem?
I'm trying to find the full track, and I can't.
Ooh, here's a longer track.
I'm gonna start the video.
I'm gonna start the video.
I'm gonna start the video.
I'm gonna start the video.
What?
Bubble.
Bubble.
Bubble.
Bubble.
Bubble.
Bubble.
Bubble.
Bubble.
Bubble.
Bubble.
Bubble.
Bubble.
Bubble.
Bubble.
Bubble.
Bubble.
Bubble.
Bubble.
Bubble.
Bubble.
intermediary of music to justify his love of bubbles that's it'll let this
intellectual cowardice it's just a bubble song what could you possibly hate
about this it's just a man who loves bubbles expressing it through song it's
pretty good you weren't expecting lyrics me either I was expecting a little
rational discussion of bubbles okay well it's a banger it's eight minutes
long new song in the summer it's pretty good I don't know it went viral on
tiktok unfortunately has 2.4k views from Marty Maher on YouTube so gas up that
YouTube get some vivo numbers on there get some Kendrick music video numbers on
there we really need to watch Drake and Kendrick go at each other we can just
watch one guy who loves bubbles express it in the streets for hire for kids
parties don't expose your children to music you think what do you don't want
kids to hear music don't expose their mind don't corrupt their minds with music
you like your own song so much that's so fucked up scrum not fucked up I'm trying
to protect the kids the very popular sentiment nowadays actually okay let's
check out we spent a lot of time on that video yeah we did that's kind of my bad
it is your bad so let's move on Jesus Christ is real this is how you drink
a coffee and one drink in one second let's go yeah food water that's
type a man of Jesus Christ is King let's go wait I got distracted what did he just
do oh sorry I'm not laughing I drink that water wrong Jesus Christ is real this
is how you drink a coffee and one drink in one second let's go that's way more
than a yeah it gets lighter that is way more than a second type a man of Jesus
Christ is King let's go type a man what Jesus Christ is King type a man Jesus
Christ is King so he said type a man but what he said actually made quite a bit
of sense are you religious like crumb I'm unrelated to crumb I'm scrum and no
one of those hardcore atheists actually a hardcore atheist I won't be shaking off
of my position of atheism no matter how quickly you drink your coffee when you
die you become dust well not immediately for a while you're a corpse a dust
corpse did about a five did it play not sure oh I need to start paying more
attention to the ratings is about a five I think that's fair because it's
talking about five fucking seconds to drink that coffee what a liar it was a
two no it was a two it took about two seconds to drink that coffee what a
liar let's only double didn't think it was around three seconds why do you have a
double bloody nose did he have a oh you I guess he just said it's very bad
lighting because that does look upsetting his nose is exceedingly red an issue
that I could relate to sometimes white noses irritated and flushed yeah I
know I know how that is oh great here's Trump let's see what things he has to
say here's your other option for president most likely silence of the
lamb the press always says why does he ramble about that
silence of the letter the late great Hannibal Lecter he'd like to have you
over for dinner did you ever don't do it if he suggests I'd like to have you for
dinner don't go but these are the real laughs these are the people that are
coming into our country there's a pretty good cop of that from Vic Berger
maybe you should watch that really quick if I can find it Vic Berger he says it a
lot he says it quite a bit yeah here it is this is two minutes silence but I
think it's worth watching this will be my Trump coverage for the day via amongst
the net the power of viral coverage no that one's not the Vic Berger the
Vic Berger one is more of a detailing of the many instances I'm in favor of
presidents that have a fandom of film so I don't really see the issue it's just
very weird he keeps bringing up Hannibal Lecter wow straight threes you know you
multiply that by two what do you have oh god sacred bath I don't believe him
that I'm an atheist all right let's see what this cop is like silence of the
lamb you know that is has anybody seen silence of the lamp anybody see silence
of the lambs silence of the lambs silence of the lambs that's Hannibal Lecter did
you ever hear of Hannibal Lecter Hannibal Lecter did anybody ever hear of
Hannibal Lecter Hannibal Lecter anybody ever heard of the wonderful Hannibal
Lecter Hannibal has Hannibal Lecter anybody ever hear of that fine gentleman
named Hannibal Lecter did anyone ever hear of the late great Hannibal Lecter
The late great Hannibal Lecter is a wonderful man.
Hannibal Lecter.
Does anybody know the name?
Please raise your hand.
Young people didn't.
The young ones didn't.
They don't want to hear about Hannibal.
Hannibal Lecter was from an insane asylum.
An insane asylum is silence of the lambs.
Insane asylums.
They say that's silence of the lambs.
In their mental institutions.
An insane asylum is a mental institution on steroids.
Silence of the lambs.
Has anyone ever seen a silence of the lambs?
Silence of the lambs.
That's Hannibal Lecter.
You ever hear of Hannibal Lecter?
The legendary Hannibal Lecter.
Lamb the sham.
Right?
Lamb the sham.
By the way, the reason he keeps bringing this up
is it's some weird analogy of we're letting Hannibal Lecter in.
Hannibal Lecter is Mexicans, in case you're wondering
what the point of this anecdote sort of is.
Insane asylums.
That's where he's going.
That's where silence of the lambs happens to be.
That's insane asylum.
You know an insane asylum.
That's silence of the lambs type, OK?
Insane asylums.
That's silence of the lambs stuff.
Silence of the lambs stuff.
Silence of the lambs stuff.
I think he has went through it.
That's big stuff.
Silence of the lambs stuff.
That's serious stuff.
Silence of the lambs stuff, you know?
It's silence of the lambs.
Hannibal Lecter.
Anybody ever hear of Hannibal Lecter?
He was a nice fellow.
But that's what's coming into our country right now.
Hannibal Lecter is coming in, lots of them.
Congratulations, the late grade Hannibal Lecter.
Hannibal Lecter, how good an actor was he?
How good an actor was he that he
play a good role. Hannibal Lecter, how great an actor was he? You know why I like him?
Because he said on television on one of the, I love Donald Trump, so I love him.
I love him. I love him. If you're watching television and somebody's on it, they say
nice things about you, you tend to like them. Hannibal Lecter, that's what they have in
the Sanus Alums and they're done. That's with them.
Into a community near you. That's a lot. This is not good. This is not good.
Hmm, he's playing through it, but it's pretty weird. So basically, he brings, he
brings up Hannibal Lecter to try to dunk on immigrants, but he also talks about how
Hannibal Lecter likes him, and he calls him the late great, and he's an incredible
actor, but he calls him by the character's name. Yes. And then he says basically
Hannibal Lecter's are coming over the border, but they're his friends because
they like him, and they're doing serious stuff. Okay, let me track. You
track that? Yeah, no track. I mean, I don't agree with everything the
president says, but I see where he's coming from there. Where is he coming from?
He's a fan. He's a fan of Hannibal Lecter, but he does terrible things, other than
like him. Let me tell you about a fictional white murderer, so you'll be
afraid of Mexican. Well, you gotta make, you gotta say something your crowd
understands, and everybody understands Hannibal Lecter ate a dog? No, he ate
people. Oh my God. If it was a dog, though, it'd be worse. It'd be worse if
he ate a dog. If in the film, he ate a dog, people would be more emotionally
affected by that. People irrationally love animals, even in fictional tales.
Okay, let's watch two more. There's a lot to get there. I'm gonna scroll to
the bottom. We'll watch three more because I skipped a lot. Let's watch
John Michaels. Watch John Michael. He's talking to Miley Cyrus here. Like
all of a sudden, whoa, sorry, spoilers. Like all of a sudden, I'd be trying to
Miley, Miley, Miley, relax. He's coming in so hot. Let's see what she's
got to say. Like all of a sudden, I'd be trying to prove that I'm not crazy
when I knew I wasn't crazy. That I'm not crazy when I knew I wasn't
crazy. I mean, I didn't see it coming. Maybe it made sense. It's
only nine seconds. Sometimes you need more context. I think it's
too cut together different clips. You can't prove that. You can't
prove that that's an edit. Well, we have to go to the movies, but
maybe we'll ask Rogan about the sort of loud moose noise he
was making. Let's recover from that. Looks like it's coming in
about a nine. One of our top rated videos of the day. Oh, it's the
winner so far. So currently, Card King, I don't think you can vote
with decimals. Yeah, although I might add that soon. Decimal
functionality might be incoming eventually, but I got a lot of
CASM assets to make first. Okay. Well, anyway, no one cares
about your behind the scenes case. I understand. Shut up.
Trying to check me out. Are you trying to be mean? Just taking
you down a pig. Okay. Fair enough. Let's watch our classic
prison friend. He tells us all the hottest prison recipes. He
actually is the one responsible for all of the add your lotion
that's been added and he's back with some hot new stuff. Let's
see what he's got. How to make prison neutral love. Neutral
love is how they serve your meal if you throw it at a
correction officer. Imagine getting served this in prison
beef, fironi, mixed vegetables, some apple
sauce and Kool-Aid. Put everything into a blender. They put
your whole meal into a blender no matter what they're
having. Even your drink. They add crackers or bread to dry
it out. After blending it all together, you put inside of a
baking dish and press it into a loaf and then bake it in the
oven. Watch this product prison neutral love. Sorry, it's
only in my throat. Didn't look that bad. It looked even he
couldn't eat it. Even he couldn't eat it. He tried. It
looked like a pizza. It looked like a hard pizza. I always
say the thing that's holding pizza back is the bread, the
cheese and the tomato and if it was on a strong cracker with
none of those things, it looked bad. This is going to end
with this is going to end with a how-to guy doing doing that
isn't it? I mean, I'd be in favor of blood. I just don't
like love it when Jebi eats the worst stuff. It's got to
go back. We got to do the science kitchen soon. We also
have to do the debate soon. Uh I'll also is finally being
back uh reruns of Cartoon Networks first fully
animated uh anthology series at the end of July. What a
cartoon? Oh, I remember that. You remember? I do remember
that. That's great. I'll tell Jeb about it for you
Gunshade. Be sure to inform Jeb. That looks like the
strongest cracker there ever was. Well, both the both the
dish and the man eating it. You have to be strong in
prison. Okay, let's watch one more. It's from Psychor and
we'll watch one from Subritchie as well. So, we'll
watch two more. This is the last two. This says a
giant worm in it. So, I'm what would happen if the
Greek, you know, I've often been asked if I'd love my
significant other if she were a worm. The answer is
yes, but it makes me curious about worm content.
You love worm? Worm content? You have worm in you? I haven't
been checked, but I suspect not. Let's continue. What would
happen if the greedy snake from your phone came to
life? A greedy snake pokes its head out,
alertly observing its surroundings, filled with
curiosity for everything. Drill out the cell phone
and the boy doesn't even know it. Turning the
phone into its first meal and just like that,
the little creature grows a bit in no time,
motorcycles, cars, and even buses on the road
become its feast. Confidently slithering through
the streets, weaving between skyscrapers. What does
it want? It circles around every building, perversing
the city like a light rail. Now, it's unusually
gentle, without a trace of aggression. Gradually,
the tracks can no longer contain it. Onto the roads,
into the rivers, its presence permeates the
city. Then, it arrives at the airport, gobbling
up those sturdy tanks and planes like delicious
chocolates. Even the pilots aren't spared. By now,
it has grown immense, swallowing cruise ships
on the sea in one gulp. It marches onto
the continent. Towering is tall as the Eiffel
Tower. Leaving trails of dust wherever it
goes. The world falls under its rule. It's
offspring claiming the entire planet, while
it grows to be as vast as the earth itself.
These dark visions of our future must not come to
pass. I thought you were an atheist. You're
going to worship the worm god? I'm just
saying we have to be careful with our
phones. We're trying to give them
sentience. What if the worm in your phone
becomes sentient and crawls out? I think
we just saw what would happen. You think
that's a real threat? I think it's as real
as anything. AI keeps getting better and
better. It doubles in speed every day,
every day. Something like that. It's an
existential threat. If it gets smart enough,
it'll become a worm and lead your phone.
It's hungry for knowledge and patterns. It'll
gobble up everything. People are acting,
taking that lightly. That could be our
future.
Worshiping the worm god. No, that's a
scientific video. It's an 8.5 video.
It's one of our top videos of the day.
Okay, this is from Sabrichi. I think
this could be a strong one.
Apologies if I jumped your video.
I should be streaming again this week,
so we can probably scroll back through
and catch a lot of the ones we missed.
So, don't worry. We'll be back.
Maybe Scrum won't be back. Good. I don't
want to be. This neon city disgusts me.
Why? This is too bright. Also, why are all
the lights around the buildings instead
of in the buildings? You know?
Anyway, here's the National Treasure.
Surviving Simon, the Declaration of Independence.
The Declaration of Independence.
An invisible map on the back of the
Declaration of Independence.
I'm not gonna let you steal the
Declaration of Independence.
Someone's gonna try to steal the
Declaration of Independence.
Someone's gonna steal the Declaration
of Independence.
The Declaration.
The declaration of the declaration of independence.
I'm gonna steal it.
Well, they say a lot.
I'm gonna steal the declaration of independence.
They'll destroy the declaration.
The only way to protect the declaration.
And the declaration is on display.
That's what these men were committing when they signed the declaration.
The mean declaration, ladies, behind you.
Those men have the Declaration of Independence.
Warranty, we're gonna steal the Declaration.
One was going to steal the Declaration of Independence.
Treasure, man.
It seems like a lot even for a movie about this.
There's a copy of the Declaration.
Chemical tests on the Declaration of Independence.
With a copy of the Declaration of Independence.
I'd just steal the Declaration of Independence.
I'm not going.
None of that, the Declaration.
You're not going with the Declaration.
So totally desict.
You're not going with us with the Declaration.
The Declaration.
Well, we don't want them to have the Declaration.
We lost the Declaration.
Declaration, the Declaration.
Declaration, Declaration.
Declaration, and then you can be on your way.
I forgot he's even in this movie.
The Declaration of Independence.
Evil James Bond.
James Bond. That's a classic film, by the way. It asked the question, how would you do that?
Steal the Declaration of Independence? How would you go about it? And it answers it very accurately.
Oh, Kendall's here. Hi, Kendall. Kendall's arrived in this neon dystopia.
Yeah, she looks great. She does look good. I'll say hi. There she goes.
Well, it looks like our winner for the day was the Joe Rogan video. People love the moose noise.
You're dead. Hey, Kendall.
Watching internet videos. I like this look. You just look good. Also, we're playing this song.
You want to dance with scrum for a sec? Are you guys talking about sketch?
We haven't talked about sketch yet. We'll be talking about it very briefly. Mostly,
I said I think it's crazy that anyone's making a big deal out of it. I mean,
I guess it's sort of salacious like he was doing porn. Not a wiki scene.
No one's confessed yet. I haven't taken chat into a confession room, whatever,
or some advanced interrogation techniques. But maybe I have to. I just know it. I just know it.
Casem, all the Casem heads. Hello, everybody. Welcome to this thing. Yeah, you're rocking right
now with Kendall scrum and for some reason case as well as this gorilla. Wait, what did you just
point out? Did Eldrick confess? No, he's my number one suspect. Oh, you're the number
one suspect, Eldrick. I don't know how you earned that, but he says no. Or they say no.
I didn't do it. Hey, I didn't accuse you. I'm accusing you. I'm just saying, if you post
feed on the internet, you always run the risk of them going on wiki feed and you post it. No,
that's the thing. I've posted feed before. I don't know what made this one so different.
It's just a really good put shot. I've had other stuff like that on there before. Yeah,
but it was so serene, surrounded by nature, but with just a hint of foot. I don't know what
made this one so different. I mean, if you put, you also put it in the creamy discord and said,
don't do it. I didn't do that. Oh, you didn't. What? Who said I did that? I was just trying
to blame you actually. Wait, didn't you post it in the discord? No. Oh, it was just hot off the
Instagram. Yeah, did I post it in the discord? I thought you said you posted it in the
discord and said, don't put this on wiki feed. No. I made that up. I think you made
that up. I created a whole backstory for this wiki feed. Anyway, I hope you all had a great
stream with Kassim. Kendall has a Charlie pellet, an NYC subway voice Charlie pellet. Okay, we can
talk to him in a little bit. Victor Foot Blaming. Yeah, I was kind of guilty of that. If anybody
wonders what we're talking about, I'll show you Kendall's wiki feed page. Wait, no. There's
only one photo on there and it's new. If it gets updated, then we have a new lead in the case.
Also, look how many of the base page's photos aren't of feet. I find that kind of upsetting.
You don't want me to show them? Oh, my stars. At least give me a good score. You only have
three and a half stars. At least give me a good score. We gotta update. What the fuck? You guys
can do better. Sorry, I'm feeling in for a case. I do think that's rude. No, I'm saying this is new.
There's only one photo and it's new, so I've never had one before. Here, wait, wait, wait.
And now I have a shit score. This is a rating for Kendall's foot pick. Stop. Oh, my God, stop.
That way we can stop. Scrum, why'd you do that? I wanted to improve her mood
by letting the chat rate the foot. Oh, my God. Maybe this is another tactic for me to get to
the bottom of this. Anybody who ever sent it, Delta? See, Kendall, it doesn't matter what
your wiki feed score is. Oh, my God, you got a one. Is Xander kind of trying to cover their
tracks by rating it a one? Yeah, but look at Eldrick. 111. That's just support. I really thought
you were in for 10. My number one suspect. But 9.1, Kendall, pretty good. That's a pretty good rating
for a foot. Yeah, I guess. That's a way to point 12 inches, a feet? That bit, no way. The foot
isn't that big for a foot, right? How long is my foot? I don't know. I feel like it's a foot.
Yeah. I just know your foot's the same length from your wrist to the inside of your elbow.
That's how long your foot is. Look how huge that is for me, Chad. Whoa, that's too scale.
I would give points for the tattoo, the shirt. That shit hurts so much.
Oh, yeah, it didn't hurt on your foot. Well, the whole point of this photo was to show off
my tattoo. Yeah. And Case was there. He was helping you with lighting, guys. He was like,
well, you're trying to show the tattoo, right? I was like, yeah, but like, I don't want to just go,
whoa. Yeah. Yeah, that tattoo is pretty good. It hurt, but it was mostly like annoying, I think.
It was hitting a bunch of nerves. Yeah. Yeah, sensitive, vein-heavy area at the top of the
foot. Yeah, yeah. It felt just like icky, you know? This is a weird website. Because look,
a lot of these aren't even pictures of feet. It's just pictures of ladies. Stop looking at them.
Okay. Now he's going to have a bunch of foot stuff. Oh, no, my YouTube algorithm is all foot
stuff now. Size 13 is about 11-inch foot. Do we get a ruler? I'm not wearing socks, so
I'll end up on wiki feet if I'm not careful. Are you on wiki feet right now? You should
check. I don't think I'm on there. I guess I'm not on there. Now, I thought the same thing.
When did you check? When? Yeah. When Eldrick messaged me going, putting it on wiki feet.
Okay, Eldrick, I can see why you're suspected. I can see why you're suspected. Then I checked,
and I was like, what the fuck? I can maybe see. And then I still shot at it. I said to the Eldrick,
and I was like, was this you? He's like, or she? I actually don't know. I don't want to make you
feel bad, Kendall. They were like, no. Kassim's all over wiki feet, and his feet are popular. He's
got a much higher rating than Kendall. I will say 4.6. That's so, there's no way his feet are better
than mine. Well, maybe they're rating this lovely lady he's with in this old YouTube.
No, okay. I will say Eldrick's message was obviously a joke, but it was kind of sus that
it happened right away. You know what I'm saying? Well, did Kassim post this as a YouTube thumbnail?
That's on him. He's just begging for a wiki feet page.
That's foot chauvinism. He's got way more pictures. I mean,
if the rating is at all tied to volume, then I'm sorry he's destroying you.
Look at my gorilla. He just plays all day. He never stops.
Wait, did we check for you? Yeah, I don't have one. Kevin has one. I'm not surprised that Kevin
has one. I don't want to see Kevin's. I know what Kevin's feet looks like. Okay. He does not take
care of his feet. Yeah, he would wear sandals. This man does not take care of his feet. Hey,
I didn't say that. I don't think Kevin washes his feet. I'm putting that out there. You know
that he ever washes his feet? No, I think he's one of those like, put soap everywhere else and
just let the water run down to their feet in the shower. That's how I see it. Well, good job,
everybody, creating wiki feet pages for all your favorite celebs. You don't really know that gorilla
that well, do you? He's fat, geronimo. Well, to me, he's just my personal gorilla musician.
His past is important. What matters is that we're friends now. You can see his nasty soles.
I need a wiki. I don't even know if there's pictures of me. Well, actually, no, there's
totally feet out there. I did on an episode of Attack on the Show. I did a whole foot-centric
bit. I have pretty gross feet, honestly. They have a big callus on the big toe. Yeah, but I think
your feet are better than most men's. I do wash them. I will say that. No, I think that the pattern
of like someone like Kevin Carrera is that he just wears sandals and goes barefoot all the time.
He's an all natural. Things are happening, you know? He just loves that. He loves nature and AI.
A classic, classic man. The quietest feet are gross.
Cream Team Tokens. Need you to take the blame for this? Matt, was it you? I don't think Matt would
do that. I mean, some people like feet, Kendall, and I mean, their ears were out there.
Yeah, but I'm saying they've been out there. I just don't know what made this one so different.
And what I think is slightly different is this G4 discord.
I do have a no kink shaming policy.
I actually wash my calves. I do wash my calves. You know, you get the calves on the weight of the
feet. You've never seen Matt Liddell after dark. That would have been the show I would have
wanted to see on the G4 reboot is Matt Liddell after dark. That is a show I would watch.
It's the massive fame from this Twitch channel. You know, if we actually get to move,
Kendall might finally start streaming. And then I can play games with her because she'll be in the
other room. It's actually easier to play games when we're in separate locations.
Yeah, just kind of play hobo, like hobo hotel. I don't remember hobo hotel.
Hobo? I don't know what hobo is, but I know what hobo hotel is.
A stream house, a house of streams. It should be way easier for me to stream from this new
place. I am looking forward to that. If it ever happens, as Reverend Wolf pointed out,
Fiona will never come back and I'll never move. These are the new laws, unfortunately.
Do you think I would get a good score on wiki feet if I put my feet in my G4 decanter? I think
if you promote it on the Discord, then you could get some number boosts.
My guess is most wiki feet entries don't have a ton of traffic. So, you know,
if you can establish kind of a niche fan base, you could float that score to the moon.
Let me make sure my phone's not hearing me. I have to go sub now so you're ready?
No, because there's nothing there. Yeah, but I'm gonna, after I finish making all these
call-in show assets, I told Kendall I would make her assets for her stream. So, you know,
she's gonna have a lot of unnecessary intros and graphics. It's not gonna be anywhere
close to yours, like your genre of streaming. Yeah, whatever this is.
I'm probably gonna be really boring compared to you, to be honest.
Or just less annoying because you're not doing like 20 different things and barely paying attention
to half of them. Yeah, but at least something's happening on yours anyway.
Well, right now, secretly, I've been taking all of this, all the chats in chat,
and I know who posted the wiki feet. Aldrick? I'm gonna save it.
Was it you? No, I don't actually know. I honestly don't know. Unless you can just,
is there, there's no like, there's no behind the scenes on these things.
I don't know. Is there like a message board? I don't know.
Because on Wikipedia sometimes there's like an edit history. It's very sad about my score.
Updated, yeah, the score is, is not great. I got a, I'd have to make an account to rate it.
Yeah, that's so sad.
You secretly have an account. Well, you just like.
Shoes, oh, they also don't know your shoe size, birthplace, or date of birth.
That's fine. There's barely any information on you or your feet here.
Yeah, because they don't know shit. A flash poll? Who read? Oh yeah, well last chat.
Flash poll. Who made Kendall's wiki feet? What the fuck?
So now, Jack, you can type exclamation point, oh, followed by who you think made Kendall's wiki
feet. First five options go on the board and then we'll have 40 seconds to vote
using exclamation point one through five. Crumb. Possibly Crumb.
Kendall, me. Oh God, who said me? Who, who said Matt Liddell? No, not Matt.
Smoke packs. What's it? Smoke packs.
Exclamation point one through five to vote. The numbers are right next to the options.
One is Crumb. Two is chat. Three is me. Four is Kendall. Five is Matt.
And I still haven't updated to 60 seconds to vote, so you got to get them in fast.
Suspicious that Eldrick's not up there.
Eldrick wasn't even an option. It wasn't fast enough.
There's a lot of people who think you did it, Kendall.
What? In a bid for foot fame. Oh my gosh, Kendall might take it.
Oh no, I already talked to Fancy Ranson about this. I've never done a foot page
because I don't want my algorithm to start showing you a bunch of feet stuff because I hate feet.
It was a tie between you and Shet, who I don't honestly think has the technological acumen
to create a wiki for anything. Is she floating foot only fans a while back? You could.
I feel like you'd have to really micro target. There's so much money in feet.
There's just money in sending creepy guys anything that seems private.
Okay, maybe they're not creepy. Maybe some guys are really respectful about it.
But I do think a lot of like people that thank you for the follow pecan 34.
A lot of comedians I knew in Chicago, usually female comedians,
would sometimes have a guy that they wouldn't like send nudes to, but they'd want like
kind of pictures of them, like private pictures, basically, like semi-sexual but usually not like
fully nude. So there's just, I guess there's just intimacy. Guys who just want you to get
like intimate moments from. I used to have a Patreon and if I was going to do feet stuff,
I would have already done it with the Patreon stuff too. Yeah.
Yeah. That's when I think the wiki feet thing would have happened back then.
If I could sell my hot body for money using photos, I would be tempted.
So just so you know. And that's why we should not judge sketch. I would absolutely do the same thing
depending on the situation. I may not have sex with guys purely based on personal preference,
but you never know. You never know.
Chad, exploits your bodies for cash respectfully, please? Well, just if you're,
if you're trying to exploit someone, do do respectfully. In my workout days, maybe, yeah.
Yeah. Exploit your own body respectfully. And when you're paying people for their bodies,
obviously try to do it respectfully. Yeah. I have honestly shown a lot of this body on the
internet already, but not for huge returns. And that's, that was me testing the market.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Makita Oliver is her name. She just started one. Wait, I don't know what Cycro's talking about.
Also, a feet stage? A foot thing? A foot thing? A foot? A foot OF. Oh, a foot only fan.
The wife of the dude who was the cop on Stranger Things, David Harbour,
like his wife in real life. David Harbour's wife? In real life?
Dude, your algorithm is going to be so fucked. You're not even, are you even in incognito mode?
His wife is Lily Allen. You're not even in incognito mode. It's insane.
Yeah. Maybe I should. Well, I have to log into everything that I use for the stream.
His wife just do incognito mode, browser-wise.
Look, there's a lot of accusations flying around this stream right now.
All I'm saying is Lily, it's actually, it's actually Lily Allen. There's his wife, Lily Allen.
Thanks for the update, Scrum. Incognito mode does nothing. Yeah, it doesn't know that it does this.
Well, I guess it doesn't, I think the cookies still track.
Well, I thought that was the point of incognito mode was like your,
yeah, like they can still grab that data and it doesn't fuck up your main browser.
I think that's the idea. It doesn't like go to your web history.
But I'm guessing all of the cookies that are being collected to establish like a
permanent profile of all of your weird proclivities, that probably still works.
Start a fake feet only fans and use billing info to identify the sus.
All we have to do is commit to making a foot only fans to get to the bottom of this.
Yeah, just doesn't say the local history. Yeah, that's fine.
But you're still leaving your little tasty breadcrumbs for all the companies.
Do you know? Is that the Karen Reed trial?
Karen Reed?
Yeah, it's like a cop murder thing.
Oh, yes.
But there's like a person who went on incognito mode
and searched when does a dead body die in the cold?
Or so how long is the body last in the cold?
And they brought that up in trial and they're just like, you googled this.
And she's like, I did it.
We're just like, we can literally see that you did an incognito mode.
She's like, I was watching Fargo and it was relevant to the plot.
She felt like incognito mode would hide it from like literal, I don't know, the government.
Not quite.
Well, okay, I took over too much.
Bye.
No, you didn't.
But I am going to go watch movies so that we can then go eat.
I need to feed Kendall.
Kendall's must be fed.
Chaser, biscotties and chips, but also more than that.
Sometimes they only eat crackers and water.
I zoned out for the last 20 minutes.
I just raw dog your conversation with Kendall.
Oh, stimulus, just staring blankly had limited my breathing, limiting my movement.
Okay, well, thanks for being here, scrum.
No, thank you for inviting me and don't invite me back.
It's kind of a rotation.
You'll probably be back.
Okay, well, that's all the time we have a E.T. W or whatever.
You're just killing time to play that.
Okay, well, let's get out of here for the day.
Maybe we have gone amongst the net.
Let's go to the movies.
Have a great night, Matt Liddell.
Scrum is out of here.
We're moving on to other definitely different guys.
What does the crumb button do on the keyboard?
You don't want to press that button.
You'll learn the hard way.
The mostly empty keyboard with one crumb key.
And a couple others.
Ah, the UFOs are alive.
Okay, let's send it over to our friend Trent.
He's at the movies.
And then maybe we'll end things off with Joe Roken,
because he was mentioned in amongst the net.
And also we do have to talk to NYC subway voice Charlie Pellet.
So we'll do that too.
First, let's go to the movies.
Yes.
There we go.
My buttons weren't working.
Sorry.
Anyway, Chris is here.
That was such a weird intro, young but still in that look, whatever.
It's me.
It's Trent.
I'm at the movies.
Been too long, but I'm back again.
Ready to fucking rock this shit.
Thank you so much.
Lady Citrix.
11 months of love.
And we love to see that.
Yes, we do.
I'm back as well.
I'm Chris.
I'm a sprawl officer.
We missed it.
We haven't watched trailers in a while,
so there should be a lot.
I was going to say that, but yes.
I hope everybody's having a good day.
Crazy that Kendall has a wiki feet.
I mean, I'd talk about that if you want.
If you want to look at that some more.
They looked at it quite a bit, young bloody.
You're just trying to look at Kendall's feet more.
I just think it's crazy that somebody like just took that photo immediately,
made one.
Maybe we should just poke around the side a little bit more.
Did you just discover something you're into?
I'm just trying to do justice to like what happened.
She's around the studio.
Sometimes she's not wearing shoes.
Because she always wears sandals and socks.
It's just rare for those things to be out, you know.
So it's crazy that somebody caught them, but whatever.
But she posted it herself.
Well, we're getting, I guess, I guess we're not doing it.
So I guess let's watch trailers.
I guess let's just watch trailers then.
We have missed quite a few.
Let me scroll all the way down, see what's recent.
Recency bias is real.
And I'm like, I want to watch some new shit.
Shift 87.
The last front.
Saving bikini bottoms.
Gladiator 2.
Really?
I did not know that was a real thing that was happening.
Gladiator 2 is not a joke, okay?
Well, what?
Oh yes, Ridley Scott.
Sure enough, Gladiator 2.
Let's check it out.
The slave could take revenge against an emperor.
Where were you born?
I don't know.
I never knew a mother nor a father.
You will be my instrument.
Who are you?
Denzel, dude.
Obviously.
Did you hear that crowd?
The greatest temple.
Room of the built.
The Colosseum.
Because this is what they believe in.
Power.
General Acacius.
There are victories yet still to come.
Rome has so many subjects.
She must feed them.
They can eat war.
Dude, you can't eat war.
That's crazy.
Marina turned slaves into gladiators.
The gladiators into free men.
You have something in you.
I knew it from the start.
Did you know rage and rage is your gift?
This is about survival.
Survive.
All together and when it charges, break for the wall.
Whose head could I give you that would satisfy this fury?
Entire Roman armies.
Too much.
The general will do.
Rome must fall.
And he'd only give it a push.
The string belonged to Maximus.
Now I give it to you.
What is the dream of Rome?
The people are not free.
I was honest.
Now I will control an empire.
Who will not waste another generation of young men for their vanity.
Yep, still using Kanye.
Oh, decapitation.
Yeah, I don't know how to feel about that one.
I mean, obviously there's elements I like.
Swords cutting people up.
Sure, let's see how you like that.
Kanye tracks in trailers.
That's the little thing you like?
I mean, look, I don't like,
I'm not standing behind everything he does, but
when they put a Kanye track in the trailer, I'm like, oh, shit.
Drama.
Okay.
And also like the political intrigues of Rome
is like obviously a thing that I'm like, whoa, too.
You like that?
Yeah.
I mean, like, can you imagine being like a slave or maybe
and then through gladiator, you become emperor?
I guess that was vaguely the plot, although you said it
in a weird way.
Maybe I didn't quite pick up what the plot was.
I didn't either, but Denzel's like pissed.
Maximus, his kid is also pissed.
And then also the current emperor is pissed, who's Pedro Pascal.
And then for some reason, they all got a gladiator.
Well, maybe it'll make more sense when we see it.
I mean, that would be good if it made a little more sense
when we see it because we probably will.
I mean, shit.
We all saw gladiator and this has the same name
and is also about gladiators.
And thus we probably need to watch it.
Maximus's kid was killed.
Oh, that's a good point.
His whole family got like murdered up.
I guess he had more.
Well, he dies of no spoilers.
Just watch the second gladiator, too.
This is such a funny name gladiator, too.
Just did not feel like the kind of thing
that ever would need a sequel outside of like one of those,
you know, trans morphers kinds of studios making one,
but whatever gladiator to glad he ate her,
the Hannibal Lecter story.
That's fucking nasty, dude.
I've heard of Hannibal Lecter, the great late great Hannibal Lecter.
But earlier in his life, can you imagine
if they made a movie about the young Hannibal Lecter?
I can.
They made a whole series about that for like multiple seasons.
It might still be going.
Dude, you just make shit up sometimes.
Uh, Duchess.
Sorry, not sorry, what?
Louis C.K. has a movie coming out called Sorry, Not Sorry.
It's probably a comedy special.
Maybe.
Do I click on this?
Okay, Kyoko, thank you so much for the 15 months.
Someday we'll get the noises back.
The Hannibal Show in NBC was short lit there.
Wait, that's real?
Yes, that's real.
I wasn't making that up.
John Michael just confirmed it.
That's crazy.
I mean, usually Chris is a liar who can't be trusted, but shit.
All right, well, look, I guess I'm going to click on this Louis C.K. thing.
Is it just about him saying he doesn't give a shit that he turned off in front of girls?
Because that would be a weird move.
Well, yes, but, you know, he's made a number of weird moves.
Seemingly.
He's blowing up.
All right, let's watch him blow up.
Comparisons to Lenny Bruce, comparisons to Bob Dylan, comparisons to being a sort of
philosopher king, Jesus.
When I said I wanted to work with Louis C.K., I should have been more specific,
as opposed to like, how it all panned out.
These stories have been around for a while, and everybody kind of casually knows,
casually knows, really.
This jerking off comedian is obviously George Louis C.K.
He basically said something along the lines of what?
Like, I like to jerk off in front of people.
He's talking about what turns to mind most female comedians quit,
because it's just a series of indignities that they have to suffer their entire life.
I've heard that's true.
Because you've been socialized in this world where men get to treat women however they want.
If he's done this stuff and he's denied it, we just thought, well,
so this isn't from him.
Seeming.
They were going to be other women.
They were told to keep quiet.
People are scared they want to be on his side for work.
He didn't use the word sorry, but he wrote a whole essay explaining that he knew he did something wrong.
He got caught, the man got caught.
What?
I was like, well, the fact that I thought it wasn't my problem is the problem.
Like, that's exactly the problem.
Louis did what?
Louis did what?
I don't know.
How do we deal with this?
How do we welcome people back or not welcome people back?
Too late, dude.
He already is doing tours and is successful.
Like, you know he's coming back, right?
He started to do more touring and they started to sell out.
Everybody lives with a certain amount of hypocrisy,
and this is the amount that I've allocated for myself.
Making fun of the victims is still...
Good for business.
Women are hurting and feel like they're crazy because everyone was letting all these predators back.
Not only did he get away with it, he's like rubbing it in all of our faces.
Louis had a whole bit about how the greatest threat to women is men.
Louis could still do that bit and say, and I was one of those guys.
Well, you know, I guess they're like, it's a documentary where they're like,
hey, did you notice that he's still doing comedy?
And they're like, yep, here's a bunch of comedians talking about that.
I mean, respect to the women for telling their side of it.
Yeah, he's popular still.
In a more subtle way because the general media doesn't constantly
trump it how he's the most brilliant comic of all time
and he doesn't have like an AMC show or whatever.
But you know, he's still in like selling out.
That is wild to me though that if you allot yourself a certain amount of hypocrisy in life,
the hypocrisy you're going with is seeing Louis CK live.
I feel like you could find a more exciting hypocrisy than that.
Well, you know, he's saying it's a minor hypocrisy, I guess, or something.
I did, I have to say, I found it surprisingly easy to part with my Louis CK fandom.
I stopped listening to him.
I never looked back and I haven't missed it for a second.
I do think Kasim said he listened to one of his,
one of his specials recently and it was pretty good.
The comedy unfortunately is not some like
intrinsic quality that denotes morality to any of the people who are good at it.
It's just like a thing you can, it's a thing that some people have a talent for
and a lot of those people are fucking assholes.
At least that's what I've heard case say.
Yeah, cases I was like, oh, I met a lot of famous comedians that are actually
kind of shitty people.
I've heard him say that.
I've never named names, but like I've heard him say stuff like
some guys are shitty that are comedians.
Dave Chappelle live.
Yeah, Dave Chappelle, well, he didn't have the exact same kind of controversy,
but also still very popular.
How you doing, Kendall?
I got a sexy arm next to me.
You can stay.
She's got a headache, but not for me.
She's going, she's laying down.
You're sick?
She's walked into that seat.
You can go where she wants.
Still weird, but we do have to have these questions on how to atone.
That's true.
I don't think he ever did.
So sort of just didn't answer the question.
I mean, how do you atone for like jerking off in front of ladies?
You know, against their wishes?
I don't know.
I don't think he did though.
Whatever the process of atoning for that is, he kind of was like,
well, he lost a bunch of money.
Does that count as atoning?
That's true.
He did lose a bunch of money, but I guess he's still rich.
But yeah, but less rich.
Is that atonement?
That's true.
If you're really rich and then you become less rich.
But don't feel bad about it.
Does that count?
I don't think so.
Oh, it does not count.
Okay, that does actually make sense that that doesn't count.
I just jerk off for you.
Elbow's up for the boys.
If he had just done that, if it had been a sacred bond between the boys
and everybody was on board, then we'd be applauding him
as the philosopher king of comedy.
Those were heady times.
Louis C.K. was the philosopher king of comedy.
Emanuel.
Oh my gosh.
What?
There's another Emanuel film?
The Queen of Eroticism?
Well, NSFW.
No shit.
Fuck.
Watch it.
You added a letter to that acronym, but that's fine.
This could be a little sexy, but it's on YouTube, so it's probably safe.
Let's see what's going on with Emanuel.
She's not in space.
Yeah, she's not in space.
Do you get pleasure?
Oh, that was...
Uh-oh, are we gonna see a butt in this?
Tell me something.
What goes on in the head of a person in front of a closed door
when they don't try to know if they're wanted?
If they open the door, they're either transgressing
or fulfilling someone's desire.
Depends who's behind the door, I guess.
What?
What exactly are you looking for?
Only two types of guests for current luxury hotels.
I was on the prowl.
Do you get pleasure?
Why wouldn't I?
Whoa, there's a cross-doctor.
Can you tell me about him?
You seem to be a sticker for rules,
but you don't always follow them, do you?
Is it a game?
Why should I answer?
Because I can't stop thinking about you.
Does it have sex with me?
Desire ebbs and flows.
Off to.
If you've decided to enjoy yourself.
Whoa!
Case is getting banned.
This is too ironic.
You should get out.
I'm afraid.
The delicious feeling.
And what's your name?
Oh, it's Emmanuel.
They Audrey win.
Holy shit.
That's more than a book.
It's an erotic dreamscape
from which all of us is invited.
How's it going?
Whoa, she's so fast.
Chad is a Louisie gang.
As long as you're doing the privacy of your own
Emmanuel holes.
It's it's fair game.
Damn, that shit was sexy as hell.
That's some classic Emmanuel.
Everybody's horny and like,
but also kind of like,
I can't sort of.
Yeah, they're all like,
we're rich and European
and we're at a fuck hotel,
but also like,
damn, should we?
The eroticism of pointless denial.
That's what makes Emmanuel so sexy.
Well, shit.
We need to come down after that.
I mean, I might need to come down more.
You know, the seat about the leg of my pants.
That's so gross, young blood.
Sorry, that is a little gross now that I think of it.
I think thought it, I said it,
and it was a little gross.
Oberkai season six.
Brando and stone, the new world.
So many options.
Hellboy.
Kite man.
All right, let's end with Kite man.
Kite man.
Hell yeah.
Uh-oh.
The music choice has me concerned right away,
but we'll give it a shot.
Maybe it's amazing.
That's done for greatness.
Kite man can do it.
Who's Kite man?
Hey, you know me?
I got a kite.
I'm Ivy's ex-fiancé.
This is the love of my life,
Golden Glider,
and we co-own this establishment.
Oh, shit.
Kite man, it is.
Hell yeah.
Time to wing it.
Oh, fuck, he's dead.
Son.
You have never accomplished anything in your life.
Now, if you'll excuse me,
I have to get a vasectomy.
Roger that.
We've got to stop that cat.
Need to take my powers to the next level.
Just make pain do it.
He's not working out the kinks.
Your heart is your superpower,
and anyone who doesn't see that
is getting their ass kicked by me.
Holy shitballs, go red!
Oh, shit.
They've been hanging out with Chet too.
Business, business, turn, yes.
The big supervillains are all sitting pretty in their lairs,
but this place is for the henches,
the goons, the place for the rest of us.
Where everyone around you loves you.
Oh, is Kite man a bad guy?
Where'd everyone go?
May I make you a drink, sir, dark son?
Non-alcoholic, please.
This iced tea and lemonade mixture
reminds me of my favorite garlfa.
Arnold, pa.
Lee Trevino.
Oh, I thought it was peace.
A round of Lee Trevino's for everyone.
Dude, that's kind of sick.
It was like, that's the shit I would do
if I was a Superman.
If I was in the Superman-verse of men's hit super,
I'd probably start a bar or some shit,
and I'd just be cool,
and I'd have gadgets,
and everybody would like me.
That's what you think would happen for you?
Yeah, dude, that's probably how it would be
if I was in the DC universe.
The DC universe.
And then I'd serve like Darksmann Piss.
Everybody'd lose their shit.
They'd be like, he's gonna vaporize you,
but we'd be boys, so you'd understand.
That's just a prank.
DC-no-verse.
I mean, honestly, they kind of,
we're trying to go that angle for a minute.
Felt like sort of the avatar
of the new wave of DC movies.
And maybe he still is.
I've lost track of what's working
and not working with comic book movies,
but they're still out there.
They're still out there,
and they're also cartoons that is fun.
And that did make me less horny,
so now I can leave safely
without knocking over all these chairs.
With my fucking boner, dude.
These chairs are bolted to the ground, young blood.
That's, but that's how right, right,
like, Randy I am.
I'm fucking Randy, dude, from Emmanuel.
Well, I appreciate you not standing up, then,
if I don't want to see your fucking chub, dude.
It's actually, I call it more like a
thug, not a chub,
because it's kind of thin, but it's long.
I don't need to know that, young blood.
But I'll have different gifts.
Sometimes you can't have girth and length.
Oh, boy.
Okay.
Well, before he keeps talking,
let's get out of here for the day.
All right, I guess I'll stop talking.
That's all the time we have for the day.
So for now, yeah, dude, pencil.
The pencils mightier than the squad.
That's all the time we have.
Y'all know what it is.
I'm trying.
All right.
I said we'd end it with some rogan.
I think we'll do that.
And then as I'm raiding out,
we'll talk to our guest expert, Charlie Pellet.
I don't know what Charlie Pellet looks like,
but we'll talk to him as we're raiding someone
after this Joe Rogan segment.
Gun shooting Superman right now.
Look at Charlie Pellet.
This stock photo put the alamy thing in a place
that makes him look like he has crazy teeth.
Poor Charlie.
This is one of the least flattering photos
I've seen in a minute.
Apparently that's the voice of the subway.
And I need to talk to him.
But first, we're going to talk to Joe Rogan.
And as usual, it probably won't work very well.
Let's see if I can get it working at all.
I have two sources going right now.
Oh, I don't.
Okay, whatever.
I don't even know how my own setup works anymore.
Oh my god, it wants me to pay?
Wants me to pay to talk to Joe Rogan?
What if I refuse?
I did and it seems fine.
Okay.
Ah, boo, boo, boo, boo.
Output two.
Oh boy.
I had to make my audio setup
slightly more confusing than it already was
to set up the cast and stream.
So you might be shocked to learn.
We could have some technical issues with Rogan today.
But we'll try to talk to him anyway.
All right.
Let's send it over there and just hope it works.
That's what we always do.
If there's a desync, just know that it's on mine, not Rogan.
Rogan is talking flawlessly as always.
It's time for the Joe Rogan experience.
The Joe Rogan experience.
Okay, let's see if you can hear me.
Sorry, we had a vagrant walk in here.
A dangerous vagrant suddenly appeared and apologize for that.
Oh shoot, is the void back?
Is the void at it again?
Anyway, I'm Joe Rogan.
I'm here today to talk to this guy's chat and also Joe Roeming's here.
Yeah, I'm still here.
I'm Joe Rogan.
I'm joined today by Joe Rogan.
Yeah, great to be here, Joe.
Huge fan, of course, as always.
We haven't left this room for quite a while.
Jamie actually got to work in today pretty well.
Yeah, Jamie actually seems surprisingly alert.
He's going through a Wolverine phase right now.
Yeah, he finally found an X-Men comic book well into his 30s,
and he's going through the childish love of discovering Wolverine.
Currently, he has pencil claws on one hand and pen claws on the other,
and he's trying to draw pictures with them.
He calls him his snickety, snickety art.
And honestly, of the things he's into,
it's pretty harmless.
So I'm just going to let him kind of do it.
He has put a lot of holes in himself and his clothes
with the sharp pencils and the sharp pens,
but it's not that bloody and it's mostly harmless.
I'd say it's 90% harmless.
Anyway, good to see everybody.
Please pray for your uterus.
Somebody's uterus apparently needs an exorcism.
That's the worst.
And your uterus gets filled up with a...
Oh, it's from Gloria Puschfante.
My name is Gloria Puschfante.
I'm a sassy lesbian who with a pro-left uterus
that smells like heesh, I'm going to die.
Please pray for my uterine healing.
God bless you.
And my panty clam.
It's from Gloria Puschfante.
I'm have to carry my uterus around in a Vera Wayne Colostomy bag.
It's very expensive.
And then they corrections that I have to.
Thank you for correcting your grammar, Gloria Puschfante.
I don't pray in a conventional sense,
but I will do...
What I've been told is a life-ending amount of DMT.
And in the spectral plan that I enter effortlessly,
I will speak to the eldritch beings there
and attempt to have them intervene on behalf of your uterus.
That's the closest thing I can do to pray.
I mean, dude, I'd say it's going above and beyond.
That's like... I mean, I'll think about you in my ice bath too.
That's like the most I can do.
Anyway, if anybody has any questions,
apparently somebody showed a video of us
making a moose noise in response to Miley Cyrus.
Oh, that time that we were talking to Miley Cyrus,
we just started snorting and hooting like a moose.
I can't remember doing that.
Yeah, a lot of people thought that it was just a splice together
of me from like a different context
from one of the other times I made guttural moose noises at a gas.
But yeah, I think I did that at Miley Cyrus.
She was saying like,
Hey, Miley Cyrus, I've got a long career doing songs or whatever.
And people are weird to me sometimes or something.
And she's kind of going on and I was like...
I was just trying to kind of shake it up.
That's like an interview strategy.
A glorious kind of coming back in here.
Can you chance at Satan, whatever you have to do,
make sure God hears your heart's wish to fix my...
And I won't say that because I'm not Australia or British.
Yeah, I think you could only...
I can only say that last word if I'm on the boys
and my plan to appear on that show didn't fall through.
Well, they haven't referenced me several times.
Dude, you know you've made it when the boys reference you.
The show that is.
Because I think that show is actually mostly they just look at Twitter
and then they just kind of plug stuff from Twitter
into like a NADLib script.
Like they just leave a lot of nouns out when they write the script
and then they just fill that stuff in with their Twitter feed.
But roughly two to three months before filming.
And I'd say it makes for a really lively show
with a lot of really incredible writing.
Dude, I love that on the show, The Boys,
when they just kind of say verbatim a thing that was popular on Twitter
roughly six to two years, six months to two years ago.
This is the kind of writing I fucking missed
and I'm so glad it's back.
Yeah, dude, that shows...
And also they like fuck...
They're like sometimes they'll go inside a guy's dick
and it'll explode or something
because people don't consider that like...
If you had like the green lantern ring,
like maybe you make a fucking dildo
and you fuck yourself, you know?
Like that's the kind of shit only they can think of.
Dude, that's crazy.
I've never thought about how like the green ladder
could probably make a dildo and fuck himself with it.
Can you fucking imagine, dude?
That's crazy.
And I bet they would do that on The Boys.
You should write for The Boys, dude.
Honestly, dude, you should write for The Boys
because what you just said is fucking crazy.
Dude, I've honestly never thought of it that way.
Like he could fuck himself with a thing that's green
that he made.
He really could.
Joe, can you see to the end of the earth
on the flat...
Of the flat...
But Joe, can you see to the end of the earth
on flatter?
Being...
Look, I'm agnostic on the shape of the earth.
Like I haven't been to space,
so I think it's important to keep an open mind
that it could be like, you know, any number of shapes.
I actually think the earth could be a deck of hydra.
Or actually based on some of the visions I've had
while on various psychedelics,
the earth could be a series of spirals
kind of interlocking and constantly collapsing
geometric shapes with no end.
In which case I wouldn't be able to see the end of it
because it literally is infinity.
And actually, our limited human perception,
maybe we don't understand the very architecture
of the universe, you know.
At least that's what some of the YouTube videos
I've watched there.
Yeah, not enough people give YouTube videos credit
for like all the smart things on them.
Hey, Joe, had you ever heard of a Hanum Elector?
The late great Hanum Elector?
He actually had some really nice things to say
about me and I'm a huge fan.
Yeah, I mean, say what you will,
he was into some weird stuff,
but the late great Hanum Elector,
one of the best.
One of the best to ever do it.
And obviously, more of them
are coming to this country every day.
That's what I've heard.
I actually can't remember where I heard that,
but yeah, like more Hanum Electors
are coming to the country every day.
And I'm torn because he's such a great actor
and also such a great character.
Yeah, what's the guy?
Who's he played by?
Anthony Banderas?
Antonio Banderas?
Stephen Hawking?
Antonio Hawking.
Yeah, I think he's played by Antonio Ethan Hawke.
Yeah, he's played by Ethan Hawking.
Something like that.
Anyway, he's not an actor.
He is an actor, but he's also a character.
And he's also, I think, Mexican?
Oh, maybe it's played by Anthony Bourdain
because he looked eating so much.
God, what a tragedy.
One of the greatest serial killers
and one of the greatest TV personalities of all time,
Anthony Lecter.
Killed himself.
Sorry, that's the last track.
But I was thinking about Moose again.
Yeah, I was thinking about that.
Ah.
Oh, now that sounds.
Yeah, sometimes I can't hear my own voice.
Antonio Hock-Tua.
That's a, had you heard of that girl?
She like spit on Donald Trump's penis or wouldn't?
So it's, we're mad that she wouldn't spit on someone's penis.
Was it Biden's?
Would you spit on Biden's penis?
I mean, he is the president.
Is it like a presidential order?
Did he like, is he telling me I have to?
And he showed up like with a secret service at my house.
And it's sort of like, sort of like the movie The Core
or Armageddon.
He's like, we need a team.
We're assembling a team to save the world.
But first, I need you to spit on my penis.
I guess in that situation, yeah, I mean,
if I just have to spit on it, I mean,
in a way, I could be disrespectful.
If I'm doing it from high enough
and I'm not sucking at sucking it,
then isn't that sort of more like
I'm just insulting my enemies,
like I'm walking by and just drive by spinning
on the president's dick.
But I mean, I don't even have anything against Biden.
And he's like, yeah, he seems kind of like,
the people say against him is he seems old.
I actually think the bigger issue is that he seems dry.
Like his skin is really dry.
I think he needs to use a better moisturizer.
Yeah, I don't really want a president
that doesn't feel like kind of wet.
And Trump said he will, but I mean,
it looks kind of like wet a lot.
And the president usually looks dry.
And it just makes me uncomfortable.
Like I want a wet, I kind of want a wet president.
Yeah, you know, Bush was pretty wet.
But I mean, I'm not, you know, I'm kind of
me dependent for sure.
But I did like Clinton because he seemed like
pretty wet a lot of the time.
I did one of the wettest presidents for sure.
Like I felt like when I saw him, he was usually glistening.
And if you go back, and that's why some of the older presidents
were so great is they were sweating all the time.
Like Lincoln was a drenched president.
He was soaked head to toe most of the time,
sweating through his coat.
And that's why one of the reasons he was like
so morally forward thinking is he like knew
how it was to be like, you know, hot coat all day.
I'm like, he fucking soaked.
And that's why it was like, honestly,
all people are the same, dude.
We're all sweaty when big thick coats, huge hats,
and we're fucking drenched straight through our underwear
all the way to our fucking head to toe.
Like we were just at a water park.
And that's what the early presidents understood.
And like the founding fathers were like absolutely
like bubble bathed out just wearing big thick blue
fucking soaked through coats.
Like they'd been through a car wash before they even existed.
Just drenched all the hell, not beyond moist, you know.
Yeah, I miss those days, honestly.
I fucking miss that shit.
Anyway, I'm in a moose noise at Miley Cyrus
because I just didn't know what else to do.
And she's kind of talking too much.
And I thought I'd shake it up.
So to answer the question, oh, we're in a mess.
Oh, are we still answering that question?
Yeah, I think particularly we're still answering that question.
How did you spit in Biden's mouth?
Did I spit in Biden's mouth to make him talk better?
What did you spit in Biden's mouth so he could talk better?
Oh, like resurrect his brain through the power of my spit.
We might have licked enough toads
that our spit has magical properties because like,
I do feel like toads kind of like improved my brain.
Maybe if I've recently licked a toad
if I spit in the president's mouth.
I guess I'll say picture this.
Well, what do I picture in his act to tell me what I'm picturing, Joe?
Just picture this.
I'm surrounded by toads and I'm in a hot tub.
More of a hot spring with the president.
Both of us are in towels.
We're fucking moist as hell.
I've got him fully wet finally.
Dude, thank God because he's way too dry, like a lot of the time.
Not an issue anymore.
Now he's soaked, head to toe, and we're in a bed.
He's in a, he's actually we're in full clothes,
but we're in like a really like a Japanese style hot spring.
Anyway, we're surrounded by toads.
I just licked these bad boys up.
I'm going crazy.
Dangerous to nots.
I probably licked 30 toads.
I'll lead over.
I say this is for the country, Mr. President.
I spread his mouth like a baby bird.
And I just got to go on quiet.
Big fucking thick luge as jacked.
Baby bird that shit into his mouth.
And I'm like, this is for the country, Mr. President.
So the question is, would I do that?
The answer is, yeah, 100%.
Dude, the world would be a better place
if everybody was willing to fucking work on some toads
and then working into other guys' mouths.
Give me, got a guess finally.
The president showed up.
I'm not surprised.
Honestly, surprisingly, he's not the first one
the fucking presidents show up here, man.
Anyway, we got to, we think I'm pretty nasty
with it, Ray Silva.
I was just thinking about like fucking hawk in a big psychedelic
luge in the president's mouth to save his brain.
And I thought it was another kind of really
visualize it in my mind's eye.
Well, I like that book, you know, eat, pray, whatever.
Rub, eat, pray, pray, grub or whatever.
I just did that.
And I think we can make it happen.
This is just the president, come on my podcast.
Let me lick toads around you and then spit into your mouth
like your baby bird to save the country, save your brain.
And maybe together we can fucking restore
a little sanity to this place.
Just like, honestly, you both sides
are being fucking crazy lately.
Dude, that's true.
People say I'm conservative, but I think the point
is that both sides are actually equally crazy
and on kind of in the middle being like, guys, protect their sports.
But the other thing that's really what it's all about
is just protecting the sanctity of competition.
And I haven't even done that today.
John, you missed a whole hour long segment about it.
Oh, the wiki feet thing.
Yeah, case, 70 notes saying talk about wiki feet,
but I refuse to do anything you ask me to.
I probably have a wiki fee page and I train my feet a lot.
So they're really strong.
It's not about aesthetics, actually.
So I give my feet a 10 or foot strength.
And I'd say that's what really matters.
Yeah, people are way too obsessed with fucking foot aesthetics.
This is me off.
It makes me go like this.
That we're fucking talking to.
You've been talking the whole time, but now we finally are.
All right, that's all the time we have.
I think like we did it.
We did it.
I think we did it.
Maybe made some good points.
Dude, honestly, you said some seven.
Honestly, the thing is I've never thought of it that way before
and it's crazy that it took it.
You took it to that place and I'm so glad you did.
And that's one of the great things about this
is you need a place where you can kind of speak freely.
And people are afraid to even speak anymore,
but we speak any more than anyone and we've continued to.
You sound presidential right now.
You should run for president.
I mean, I probably won't, but I mean, maybe.
All right, that's all.
That's probably it.
This is probably it.
I'm Joe Rubin, the Joe Rogan experience.
There we go.
Well, that was how that usually goes.
And it went that way.
It went that way.
Okay, I need to talk to, sorry, Charlie Pellet.
Oh, the interviews on the Discord.
That'll clear everything right up.
That will make it all so clear that in Robbie's Marquette,
is it in the back feed?
A Vimeo link.
And which part of the Discord amongst the web?
Robbie's, okay.
Where is Charlie?
Scrolling, I'm scrolling, I'm scrolling.
Dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude.
All to search Charlie.
That should do it.
Ah, there it is.
Okay.
Okay.
Let's see what, let's see what Grunsheet has shared with us.
I'm certainly curious about Charlie.
So let's find out.
There he is on the subway once and a couple of kids were joking around.
The announcement comes on and there are the closing doors, please.
And one kid says to another kid,
shut up, Mr. North Dakota.
And I'm thinking, Mr. North Dakota, I'm from New York.
This guy pulls no punches.
I like it.
Somebody talked to somebody at Bloomberg.
Somebody knew someone else at the New York City Transit Authority at the time.
And next thing you know, they said, you know what,
we have got some new New York City subway trains coming out.
And yes, we would love to have some voices try out to be the voice of the New York City
subway system.
Great.
And you know, I got a call from the folks who run the subway system saying,
come on up to the Bronx.
You are going to hear what these announcements sound like.
So we get up there.
They had a brand new train.
Still had the plastic on the seats.
And again, I had never seen this type of subway car before.
Bright lights.
And then they played the...
I love this music.
...mobile recording.
And there was my voice.
And for the first time I realized, oh my God, 10 cars of a train,
they're actually going to use this.
It was mind blowing.
It was absolutely incredible.
That's incredible, Charlie.
Everybody loves to hear it.
Stand clear of the closing doors, please.
And one more that you hate to hear.
I know you hate this one.
Ladies and gentlemen, we apologize for the unavoidable delay.
Dude.
Three, two, and one.
We hate that one.
Stocks continue to trade higher from Bloomberg World Headquarters in New York.
I'm Charlie.
I have been with Bloomberg LT in Bloomberg Radio for 20 years,
delivering business reports, interview with corporate executives,
and letting New Yorkers and indeed Americans know what's happening with financial markets.
I got the S&P 500 index higher for the first time in five days.
As a matter of fact, when I was in college, I fell in love with radio.
From day one, I knew I wanted to be in broadcasting.
Wait.
He's super quiet, but the video isn't even...
Okay, whatever.
Write these stories, research these stories, report these stories.
It's like going to Tiffany and buying a nice ring and putting it in the box.
All right, let's skip to the end.
So, so hard to hear them.
Why are they just recording off the camera?
They're recording the audio off a flip phone.
He's an audio fidelity expert.
Okay.
Good job, Veechie Shawadee.
And Charles, the old pettit pellet.
Sorry, I have a friend named Charles Pettit, so that keeps confusing me.
But I guess let's, um...
Those are all scenes from the new Emanuel?
I can ask Charlie all about it.
Charlie's going to help us get out of here for the day,
because he's the voice of the New York subway.
But I think he's gone rural or something.
He looks a little different.
Or maybe Pepito once again got the wrong guy.
You can never tell.
Anyway, Charlie, we can find some.
I'm going to find someone for us to raid.
So get us out of here for the day.
Well, that's right case.
Um, I have a country home, and that's where I'm at currently.
It's me, Charlie Pellet, the voice of the New York subway.
Stand clear, and don't let the door kick you in the butt on the way out.
I'm just kidding.
That's not a thing that was ever in there.
But I hope you're having a great day.
I love the subway, but right now, I love to farm.
That's great.
That's we're having fun out here.
Missing his legs, that's fine.
So who are we raiding?
Uh, yeah, let's find, let's find someone to raid, Charlie.
Thanks so much for appearing on such short notice.
He loves farming and hates North Dakota.
Do you hate North Dakota?
There should be one Dakota.
You know, not everything needs a North and a South.
I think that state's overstepping.
All right, let's raid Ricky Peacock, Dakota Fanning.
Well, the fact that she, in my opinion, way superior to the state.
That's the only Dakota I like is that lovely young woman.
All right, let me do a whole dramatic transition there.
We're going to raid Ricky Peacock.
Ricky Peacock.
The raid has been created.
Let's get a New York subway beat.
And, um, Charlie, just wrap us out of here with this New York subway trap beat.
I don't really rap.
It's not, I don't really want to do that.
But, um, okay, well, I guess if you really want me to,
I'll wrap my way out of here while the raid's counting down.
Stand clear of the fucking beat because I'm about to get on this track.
Like a train, I go straight.
I don't trip.
I love the hate.
That's you in chat.
Chat, I'm talking to you.
Drop a pellet like a bunny.
I'm coming through.
You can drop a pellet.
Yeah, I smell it.
Charlie Pellet, you don't fell it.
If you don't fell it, then god damn it, just get out of here.
Okay, Charlie.
Yeah, look, the raid's been created.
And, uh, it's the next stop is on my fucking flow.
Whoa, Skimer, Apple Depple, Lady Side Tricks,
all up in the chat with Charlie.
That's a stitch.
Yeah, I'm rapping.
But I am lying.
There's no capping.
Okay, the raid's sending you out, Charlie.
Old big tunnel to head a beat.
Eiei flow.
Fuck, bitch.
Did you get invited to the mixer, too?
Everybody's already raided in case it's over.
I got to go to Chet's mixer.
God damn it, Chet.
Why am I not invited to the mixer ever?
You ain't on the list.
Eiei, oh.
All right, well, thanks for being here, Charlie.
Secret stream.
The train is now coming to a stop.
If you're homeless, we're kicking you off
because our society is a vindictive place to the unhoused.
Eiei, oh.
On the beat, I'm on Gingo.
The stream's not ending, don't you know?
Charlie on the flow.
Okay, that's it.