I'm Papito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Hello everybody, good to see you all.
I'm back again on my incredibly consistent streaming schedule.
Good to see a CV loves you Commander Gebs, Skymer, Apple to Apple Metal Chaos.
Reg to you that I say it twice, propaganda, live and sleazy in there somewhere, Ray Silva.
Kenji, thank you so much for the 21 months.
RIP Charlie Kirk, yes.
Rip the bandaid off right away there in case anybody hasn't heard.
Although I could imagine my audience feeling a certain number of different ways about it.
Charlie Kirk got shot today, pretty recently.
I think this afternoon, so like a couple hours ago, in Utah.
But we'll certainly get into that.
This is why you gotta be careful.
Talking about certain things on my stream.
Do you never know what might just trigger Utah known for its leftists?
Well, we'll discuss.
There is a hype train right now.
Just to shift in gears all over the place.
Also some stream news about tomorrow, which we can get into after this hype train blabbers.
Just taking the high gear.
Exactly.
Hype train, are you?
You still hyped up today?
You still feeling so hyped?
Why don't you take a guess, case?
Does this answer your question?
I kiss the panther's hand like a gentleman.
A gentleman hyped up?
Yes, at least it wasn't a kid.
It is still pretty weird to kiss a panther.
I'm a train.
I got different rules, but no, obviously kids are still a rule.
That's a relief.
It turns out it's less of a rule for certain prominent figures here in the United States and globally.
Still a train rule, still I want to make that clear.
I'm not rapping about that.
Please don't.
Train rule, no kids.
They can ride train.
Don't even go there.
I'm not, that's just a statement of fact.
It's not even, this is why they can ride train.
I'm not saying anything weird.
It's weird coming from you.
Anyway, let's move on.
I got people to think.
What type of beat do you want?
Just a medium beat.
Let's do it mild style today.
Give me just a medium type beat.
Is that so much to ask for?
In this crazy world?
Can't you sometimes just have a medium type beat?
This is the medium type beat.
It features Homer's brain exploding.
He can't handle the mediumness of what's happening here.
You prefer your beat medium well?
Well let me tell you this.
I'm medium all the time.
That's me how I'm doing.
I say fine.
I keep my rhymes just fine.
Not sublime.
Cause I'm a medium train.
Riding all damn day.
You know that I don't play.
I just say I don't eat much butter.
And I mostly put water in my cup.
Everyday I wake up at eight.
And I go to bed at nine.
Unless nine is early then I say ten.
Ten is also fine.
Even eleven but never midnight.
That's late.
And I'm a medium train.
You get it mate?
Yes.
We the best.
Not today.
We medium-maced.
You say messed?
We medium-maced.
But we never make a mess.
We just make a minor spill.
Because we so medium boy.
Okay can you just thank people?
That's what I was about to do.
But at a medium pace I got a lot to get through.
I gotta say a couple rhymes medium style.
I gotta get to these thank yous in a while.
But first up let me say this.
In case it's not clear I'm a medium kid.
Like you can see psychics?
No!
Please don't get that impression.
When I say medium I mean the evaluation of the level of normalcy of something.
I do not mean ghosts.
Please don't think I mean ghosts.
Woo-woo!
Why are you making ghost noise then?
Because I'm medium excited.
To thank all these people for the subs and the bits.
Oh the medium beat was a normal length.
It was actually kind of short it was two minutes.
That's not medium then.
Medium is three minutes and twenty seconds.
I think that in a modern context that's actually kind of long hype train.
Find me a more medium beat.
Extra normal please.
This is a trust type beat.
But it came up when I searched medium type beat.
It'll have to do I'm not gonna complain.
That's the kind of thing people who are aggravated do.
I'm not gonna complain.
Let me thank you.
I just gotta say thank you.
In a normal style I will say I appreciate it.
And I'll say these names to relate it.
Thank you lady side tricks five days ago.
But I scrolled down too far so I still say it.
So exterminator twelve minutes ago.
With the thirty four months.
I'm taking slow at a medium pace.
Oh geez.
R.I.P. Charlie Kirk coming in from Kenji.
With the twenty one months I just read his message.
No comment on that from a train.
But also dang sauce.
Five minutes ago with the thirty four months lost.
Because watching case is a time loss.
But watching me makes you a medium boss.
You're on my stream.
And I'm the most important part in a normal way.
I will compare to you.
Cause you're below medium.
Is medium good?
Medium is medium.
Apple dabble snapple with a hundred panther bits.
Because it's always a battle not to kiss my beautiful panther damsel.
Shaggy one seven five with the fresh news.
Bore yours is cold out here.
Got me saying bird.
This is not a medium reaction.
I have a medium level of freezing.
As I am in my snow piss.
Don't you're gonna get in the piss today.
Nope.
That's too unmedium.
And bundles broke at one hundred bits.
And that's the shit.
Just like one community sub from metal chaos.
Showing medium love.
We got skimer.
Also rhymes with burr.
Not erin burr.
He's not medium sir.
I'm talking thirty four months.
And Shaggy one seven five just dropped to five community subs.
To keep the hable line.
That's like not even a medium amount of subs.
How do I react?
With appropriate amount of graciousness.
Thanks so much.
I might prefer when you just wrap about piss.
It's not a very medium take case.
Is that yellow smoke coming out of hype for in smokestack actually piss vapor?
Yep.
And when it hits the clouds it creates a cool front in the sky.
Filled up with my piss do you want to know why?
Why?
Because my smokestack belches out piss.
And I'm powered by piss if you catch my drift.
But that's not medium talk.
That's just technical talk.
If you don't understand sorry it's your loss.
Because I can't explain anything outside of a medium amount of understanding my guys.
You already kind of did.
You know like usual you talk a lot about piss already.
There's still three minutes left to talk about piss.
Is that a medium topic or not?
Well let's discuss the temperature of piss if it comes out hot.
That means you ate too many enchiladas and you should stop.
And if it comes out as cold as the icy veins of the Lich King.
Don't finish my sentence.
If it comes out as cold as the icy veins of the Lich King
then you had too much freezing coffee and you are sick.
So you also should stop.
Okay.
Say nada enchilada ya you gotta.
Ooh that's not a very medium reaction.
Oh no some non-mediumness is leaking out.
I'm thinking about enchiladas.
It's heating up my smokestack.
Just the thought of it is turning my piss boiling.
Oh god.
Oh no!
Thinking about those spicy enchiladas got some hotness pouring out of my hype train.
Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah.
He ran out of beat there.
Is that how you meant to end whatever you were talking about?
Blah blah.
He's getting less medium by the minute.
We got a call for an expert.
And we got 32 months from Super B6-7.
What a great normal way to start out this game.
Oh god I'm still alive.
Yes.
Oh no it's so hard to stay calm in the medium case.
You're constantly yelling about piss.
Nothing you're rapping about nonsense constantly.
None of that's a medium activity hype train.
My hate is growing.
I just want to be a nice normal boy.
What's the difference between normal and medium?
Find me a normal type beat.
We've done that before.
Find me a less than average type beat.
Or how about average type beat?
Find me an average type beat.
Alright.
How about average trap beat?
Could you rap over this hard trap freestyle beat?
What do you think of that?
I think that's not average at all.
Hmm.
I don't know if an average type beat existed.
I immediately pulled up this hard type beat.
This is a hard type beat.
It's only 14 seconds long.
Again it's too short.
You failed?
I don't claim to be able to advance type beats.
I've been so clear about what I'm into today.
How is this an average type beat?
Sorry this is actually not your average type beat.
So good luck with this.
Stop case.
I can't do this.
I just want to rap up a bit.
And this beat is too legit.
It's too crazy for me because I'm gonna have to quit.
This beat is so not average.
I'm not a savage.
I can't rap over this.
God damn it.
God damn it.
I feel so broken up when you play something like this.
I can't handle it.
You know I can't handle it.
My mind ain't quick enough for all of these little percussive hits.
I can't handle it.
I also gotta thank Apple Depple for 100 bits and also the lotion.
Your beat still skills are breaking down.
I never claimed I haven't gazed.
My beat skills are medium.
Also met on chaos two minutes ago.
What's up like a boss and you know there'd be two fans that said I cannot keep up.
I'm dead gazed.
God damn it.
I just turned this off.
It's polluting my mind.
I need him that medium?
Oh no.
That fearsome weakening my mind.
Hype train.
You're gonna be dead soon.
Just relax.
Okay?
You only got a minute and 40 seconds left.
That's what happens when the other beats keep going.
Okay, so you want to talk about all the important news?
Not really.
You could stay around as long as you want today, Hype train.
Oh perfect.
I guess just playing me a Cheeto type beat.
What does that have to do with being medium?
You can be medium and crave a Cheeto.
But why a Cheeto type beat?
I don't know.
Because it's like a Cheeto.
A normal snack.
Puffed a regular. Great question, Card King.
I mean puffed if they have it.
Puffed Cheeto trap beat.
Okay.
That probably exists.
At least a Cheeto beat might.
I don't really a s-
Oh, yeah, okay.
Oh, God.
Big beat.
Oh, geez.
We're getting deep into the hype today.
We might have to start making you play a train game or something at this rate.
This is actually a flaming hot type beat.
I don't know if this is too spicy for you.
Because you're all normal today.
I'm the best, sir.
And me puffed or flaming, I say yes, sir.
I'm a Cheeto demon and you know that I'm eating.
If you hear crunch in the back, baby, that's just me leaving.
Because when I am done, you step in on Cheetos.
I'm a messy eater.
Yeah, you know I never keep it neat.
Oh, I'm like flaming.
You blaming.
By the time I'm done, you know you're not the savior.
Saming.
You end up the same in.
What?
You never get the same in.
I'm not the same man.
You know I've never been the same in.
What are you trying to say?
By the time I'm done, I never win the same in.
I beat off all the same in.
And now they never are the same in.
Flaming hot, you know I don't stop.
I'm just a mouse.
You got a Cheeto puff.
Puff, puff, pass it.
Just like chest.
You're up and wearing the glasses inside.
That's some Cheeto pride.
I never stop flaming baby.
Same in guys.
I'm not the same man guy.
But I'm the same man guy.
What's going on?
Are you becoming the green goblin?
No.
I also hear it's not easy being cheesy.
And you seem to be proving that with your usual non sequit or nonsense.
Nothing non sequit or a but is Cheeto's serve.
I pet that Cheeto till the Chester goes purr.
I'm getting deep inside his orange flaky as furs.
It's all Cheeto dust right down to the spurs.
He wears spurs like a cowboy.
Do you know Chester?
I don't think Chester Cheeto wears cowboy spurs.
You've never seen him in the club showing all the boys love.
He's like I'm not the same man.
But I'm giving no same man.
You're the same man.
You get it man?
No.
Well you can't get it because you don't eat Cheeto.
Because you don't eat Cheetos you are not Neeto.
Dude stop don't do that.
Please don't do that.
What are these noises?
They're all eating noises.
That's how you show appreciation to Chester for all of his good work.
Are you dead yet?
You just said I could stick around as long as I wanted.
Please stop.
Yeah you're gonna make people in chat actually sick.
We've already done that.
We've done that so many different ways.
Those who are still here can deal with it.
They must have built up a tolerance right now to the things I say and do.
We don't usually get, we don't make, that produces sympathetic gagging reflexes in people when you do that kind of thing.
Well what if I do this?
That's also gagging.
No that's like me trying to do an air horn.
Sounds like you're puking.
No this is a Vuvuzela.
That's not how they sound.
Then you're not a soccer fan.
In addition to not being a Cheeto fan.
I've trained.
You got subs during that and you didn't even think them.
You were talking about fucking Cheetos.
So much about Cheetos.
And also nothing about Cheetos.
It was all about Cheetos.
Don't diminish my Cheeto rant.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Jeez.
This kev-a-m-y-r just absolutely pounded 1,000 sweet bits straight into the great chasm of progress.
And I just have to say this, ladies and gentlemen, we got him to do the medium piss stuff.
You sure did.
You absolutely- look at this Bart Simpson.
What the hell is going on here?
Sorry, I got distracted by this.
Look at this Bart.
Obama what do you think of this Bart Simpson?
Oh he doesn't want to comment on it.
Uh, Skymer, thank you so much for the thousand insane Obama summoning bits.
We usually don't see the hype train exist for this long.
It's a strange day maybe some could say
to be doing a hype train for 25 minutes
rapping about Cheetos and piss.
But I say we have no choice.
The hype train arrives on his own schedule.
That's true.
No choice but to take a break when I come through.
I got a lot of weird shit to say and do.
Just like Bart Simpson with face tattoos.
You like his face tattoos?
Of course.
Bart Simpson looking hot like a horse.
What?
Horses are hot.
They're fast and don't stop.
They down the pile over the place.
Tra-tra-tra-tra-tra.
Yep, I'm allowed to think horses are hot.
I'm a train.
Yeah, there's one right behind you.
I don't think that kind of type train is right behind you guys.
Look how good that horse is looking.
I don't understand what you're attracted to.
I'm not sexually attracted to horses.
I think they're hot.
You don't understand the difference?
No.
Well, there's a difference.
Are you going to explain it to the power of Bart Simpson rap?
Nope.
If you don't get it, you don't get it.
I'm not, I don't have to hold your hand through everything, case.
Plenty of humans are attracted to horses too.
That's the problem.
It's supposed to just be horses and trains that are attracted to horses.
And if I have to explain why, well it's really simple actually.
Do you get it?
Do you even explain it?
You don't get it?
I'm back to normal.
Something that trains are attracted to horses is because we both carry passengers.
So we're kind of in the same business.
It's just a matter of mutual respect.
And you know, okay, that, I'm not going to say that makes sense,
but can you just thank the people, more subs came in.
You've been talking about horses and cheetos and not doing your one job.
I don't have a job.
I do this for the love of the game.
I'm summoned by pure height, case.
You don't know what that's like.
You're summoned by, I don't know, a need to feel like you're correct
and probably also indigestion.
You think I'm summoned by a need to feel,
probably be like, I got all these thoughts.
I'm going to tell you guys.
I don't think I'm correct.
Then what are you doing?
I don't know.
Okay, play this rat type beat.
This is actually a puff type beat.
That happens to feature a rat.
How many beats on YouTube are there, do you think?
That are just a cartoon bouncing like this.
You think they're infinite?
No, there's a limit.
There's a, you can reach the end of it.
Let me tell you this.
It's so big load.
So many beats that your brain might pop off and explode.
You might end up going like a toad.
More beats than the length of the entire snake road.
But just like Goku flew to his end.
There's a limit to the beats, my special friends.
And if you find the final beat that's on YouTube,
you drown in a giant vat of spicy lube.
It's a curse.
Oh, it's a curse that conveniently is a thing that I said on a channel a long time ago.
I don't know about what you're talking about.
This is a curse specifically related to finding the last beat on YouTube.
If you listen to it, this is spoiler.
Well, sorry, everyone.
The beats really bad.
The last beat on YouTube is so bad.
No, they need to be warned.
You went out screaming like usual.
Anyway, he never got around to thanking everyone.
So Skyrimer, thank you so much for the thousand bits.
That's crazy.
Zackypoo, thank you for the eight months and loving the hype train.
Somebody's got to do it.
Bundlesprout, thank you again for the five community subs.
And thank you all for encouraging his behavior.
It seems to make him happy.
Me? No comment.
He did really have one job.
I can't tell if that job is to talk about piss, in which case he partially did it.
Or if it's to thank the subs, in which case he barely did it.
Which way does my hair go?
Which way is my hair supposed to go?
I've forgotten.
I don't even know my own hair anymore.
That's what the hype train's done to my mind.
Piss is greater than subs.
His first duty is to piss.
I get the feeling, at least.
Um...
Well...
No way to really shift gears out of that, talking about what seems to be the...
At least most talked about story of the day.
Oh, the fish tie.
I'm gonna talk about...
You know, if I talk about...
If I wear a fish tie while talking about war, I can wear a fish tie while talking about this.
So we will put on the fish tie.
Okay.
Keeping me honest, chat.
Am I even doing the news if I'm not wearing a tie?
Probably my greatest purchase of the year.
I was against the fish tie, and it's really grown on me.
Now I feel like I'm almost nude without it.
It would be... You know, I used to also want it to be longer.
But I kind of like its link.
It's like a bolo tie that happens to be a fish.
Poland and NATO, there's probably other more important events going on, honestly, than this one.
But this one's gonna suck up all of the oxygen for at least today.
The story we're about to talk about, the...
Public murder of Charlie Kirk.
So... I guess let's talk about it.
It's news time.
It's still your design.
Don't let them take it from you.
Yep, I'm here.
It is.
Maybe we don't play that song.
What?
Oh my god, he hit the eject button.
Also, my frickin' headline keeps disappearing.
I don't know why.
So we're headline lists today.
Let me get Jeff back in here though.
Jeff, resummon yourself.
Damn it, I almost escaped.
Almost got out of doing this.
Just imagine a headline here.
And it sums things up nicely.
And I can't get in trouble for it.
That's what I want you to picture.
Anyone want to talk about a birthday book?
We could talk about that instead.
Yeah, I know, I take two days off.
Well, I don't do any news since Friday and look at what happens.
Trying to take credit for world events?
No, I'm saying it's just so hard to keep up.
Today I learned what Article 4 of NATO is.
Well, maybe we can learn that together.
And the cosmic rain is waiting.
It's all my fault?
Sounds about right.
Just saying that out loud feels right.
It falls apart even more.
That could mean anything, Mr. Wuppie-Boo-Boo.
Hello, shapeshifter.
What news could we possibly be covering?
There is actually, there's a number of options.
I would just like to point that out.
We could go a lot of different directions with this.
I can guess the direction case is going to go.
What's up with you?
Oh, I see what happened.
We're going to turn off segment, for now, segment alerts.
I do see what happened.
It reset, the reason we don't have the headline is it reset my OBS.
It keeps doing this to a much earlier version of the stream.
Meaning it technically also fully deleted that encircled segment
and it took me like three days to make.
Fortunately, I made a backup, so we should be fine.
But that's so annoying.
Why is it like this?
I recently learned that my OBS has just been like the shifting sand
returning to various earlier states of the stream.
The streamerbot updates great.
Streamerbot keeping all of my segments in order.
But I'm pretty sure I updated this.
You know, we could even try to import one.
It'll probably crash the stream, but we could see if it fixes it.
Do we dare?
Do we dare see what that even does?
I can't resist the urge to click on stream destroying things.
So maybe I just do it.
I updated this on 9.3.
Have I made any significant changes since then?
I'm not sure.
Okay, it's been imported.
Import.
Oh, am I still around?
Do I still exist?
Okay.
It made one called bin two.
We're going to click on it, guys.
We might go offline.
Or we might be fine.
We'll find out together.