I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
We're live in 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1.
Hello everybody, how we doing?
Oh yeah!
It's another news day.
Thursday news day.
Why is AI Rooney still down there?
Why am I surrounded by this horde of flies? One second.
There we go.
Now things are back to normal.
Oh baby!
We're going to a how-to today, we love to see it.
Escape the rune.
Actually do know how to do it.
Here, this will be a total misdirect. We're not actually going to do this segment but...
This is how I set this up.
A lot of no nothing fools, you don't appreciate...
There we go.
That works.
Hello MSG, hope you're doing well.
Good to see you, shape shifter uncle Phil Stormburn.
Cell tortoise, T-dot, sporeophyte, tamtrance, breachy MSG.
Currently working, Cytrex, great to see everybody.
The runescape has been escaped and now we can do something else.
Is today the last day of the DNC?
Last?
These are things I could look up before I stream but I refuse.
Last day of DNC?
It is the last, it's the last night, sorry.
The day is over.
Okay, let's do a little bit of news and we'll see what else is going on and we'll do some how-tos.
You can submit those as live and sleazy as pointing out at the cream.team.
But for now let's see what's happening.
Finally, we're ready for some series in Anacis.
Anacis, Anacidance.
It's your friend Tyler, right?
He did talk about politics, man.
Thanks, Tyler.
Yeah, man.
Don't worry, I'm here everybody.
You've been waiting.
I just, I wasn't sure what you were laughing at.
Just love, man.
Okay anyway, what's going on?
What's the fun thing that Casey's doing is to talk about today?
No Palestinian Americans will speak at the convention DNC decides.
That does not sound super fun, Casey.
Oh sorry, Tyler, I accidentally brought you on for another bummer story.
I thought the DNC was mostly like, it was like the politics at my school where we'd have a pep rally and we'd elect the president of football.
It is, you're right, it's basically a pep rally, yeah.
But there's protests going on outside of it.
Well, I'll try to bring good vibes to this story.
Not Casey's brother said, hey great news, I've got a soft yes from Hulk Hogan to speak at the dank tonight.
Fingers crossed.
Oh, he's coming down to the dank.
That's a great name for the DNC.
They should start calling it that.
Yeah, me and all of my favorite voters are going down to the dank.
Yeah, me and all of my favorite non-committeds.
Uncommitteds?
I don't think they're as excited to be at the dank.
Well, let's see what's going on at the dank.
And thank you, Biden, for informing us that we might be getting an appearance from, what is it, a Florida leather daddy?
Oh yeah, that's basically Hulk Hogan.
Like he's made of leather.
Yeah, Democratic National Convention officials rejected a request to allow Palestinian speakers to speak from the conferences main stage.
In protest of that decision, a group of uncommitted delegates critical of the party's stent on war, staged a sit-in in Chicago's United Center Wednesday evening as party leaders continued speaking inside.
RAP call for an expert?
Well, I mean, I can't get Fiona immediately.
And I can't just do Fiona.
Was there a different one?
Did I miss a different one?
I did text Fiona.
So we'll see.
That call will take a slightly longer.
I'm glad dank will be there, but what about Donk?
I don't know.
Is he considered a Palestinian speaker?
Donk?
I don't know who Donk is.
He's a clown.
Oh, so he would be allowed.
Unfortunately, it sounds like Donk would have a better chance of speaking than any pro-Palestinian speaker.
Hmm.
At an impromptu press conference announcing the protest, Abbas Al-Wa, an uncommitted delegate from Michigan and a leader of the uncommitted movement,
phoned the Kamala Harris campaign, tell the vice president that I'm sitting outside.
I'm not going anywhere.
I hope she changes her mind.
The convention's programming ended late Wednesday evening.
Ilana Omar, who blasted President Joe Biden's administration earlier in the day for refusing to recognize the Warren Gaza.
Okay.
Well, she's always good vibes.
Let's just watch the hot.
The illness of Omar?
The refugees are being done out of power.
Do not understand that working tirelessly for a peace fire is really not a thing and they should be ashamed of themselves for saying...
So like, she is speaking now.
Yeah, in the park.
Does that not count?
I mean, it counts towards something.
It looks extremely bad for the DNC.
I mean, I don't understand why they...
It would be such an easy fig leaf to hold out to have some representative of the uncommitted movement speak on stage
and probably bomb everybody out for 15 minutes, but then they'll continue to do what they've been doing, which is...
farming Israel.
They could just have it both ways, but...
they're so committed to not even having that bad look that they won't.
He needs subtitles.
Yeah, that one was a little hard to heal.
She was basically saying...
It's all love.
That's not what she was basically saying.
The main point she made is that, you know, it's kind of ridiculous of them.
This is when she...
It wasn't what she said there.
It's pretty ridiculous to claim that they're working tirelessly for a ceasefire while we're the primary armed supplier for the Israeli military.
Sort of can't really make that claim when you're just shipping them tons of weapons.
Which I would say is pretty fair, but...
You know, yes, it is all a bit of a bummer.
Yeah, it is.
But that...
Does that mean I don't have to think about it?
Well, I mean, it'd be probably good to just be aware of it, but...
But I won't...
I just don't know, I won't think about really anything.
Yeah, I mean, you've made that pretty clear.
Yeah, it's one of my fundamental stances is I don't...
I don't do that.
Mm-hmm.
UFO.
Yeah, where's your UFO case?
Pretty gross, yeah.
But on the softer side of the DNC, I don't even really know who talked last night.
I kind of ignored the whole thing.
It is kind of a wild...
Kind of a wild program to just do four straight days of kind of the same political speech.
What do you mean it's great?
Everybody's on stage and they're like, we're gonna do this.
Hope, love.
Kamami.
And that four days of just like really positive vibes.
They did cabaret, yeah.
You know, we did miss the Georgia.
When we did the whole...
This is probably the highlight of the entire DNC and we missed it even though we watched the rest of the roll call.
Georgia.
We missed this Georgia roll call moment, Tyler.
This should be right up your alley.
How do you cast your vote?
This is from two days ago.
Yeah!
I like that.
Look at all those heads.
They're holding their heads and their leaders and partying.
Hey, everybody get your hands up. Hey, everybody get your hands up. Hey, say.
We're not going back. We're not going back. We're not going back. We're not going back.
This keep going. Don't let them talk. Don't let them talk. Keep going.
That was a one to one.
Look at them dance.
The South got something to say.
I'm Congresswoman Akiva Williams, chairwoman of the Democratic Party of Georgia.
Georgia, the home of President Jimmy Carter.
The cradle of the civil rights movement where we fight for our freedom.
Extremists in Georgia are trying to silence our voices by kicking Georgians off of the rolls and making it harder to vote.
Sorry, what was that?
We'll fight for our freedom to vote, our reproductive freedom and our freedom to vote.
Look at little John as rocking out of our reproductive freedom.
Georgia cast 123 votes for the next president of the United States.
You watched the whole thing and you missed that?
Yeah, somehow I came in after that.
But I was at least there for them to play. They not like us for California.
Yeah, to be fair, I'm honestly, if it's going to be a pep rally, then pep it out, baby. Get little John out there.
Yeah, so a little disappointing he was the only guy that did that.
They should really try to outdo each other. The pageantry, the majesty, who can have the best entrance.
Keenan Thompson was also there. We can watch a little bit of that.
I wonder if he gives his classic Keenan look.
I don't know where he's like, I don't even think you do it quite right, Tyler.
What do you mean? It's like, no, that's too, you look too concerned.
Keenan Thompson, why did they go with Keenan Thompson? I guess why not?
Yeah, why not?
What's up, DNC?
Y'all remember this big old book?
The Republicans did do theirs. They had Hogan.
That was the main difference is they have Keenan Thompson and the Republicans had Hulk Hogan.
I don't think that's the main difference. I mean, that's the main difference I noticed.
I guess that is also the main difference I noticed, but there probably were other differences.
If you say so, gosh.
Number four?
They had Amber Rose too.
When the Obama-Honest David Polis ripped the page out of it. This is Project 2025.
The Republican blueprint for a second Trump term.
Okay.
It is a real document that you can read for yourself at Kamala Harris.com forward slash Project 2025.
Oh, a hyperlink.
You've ever seen a document that could kill a small animal and democracy at the same time?
Here it is.
Oh, sorry. It took me a second to...
And there are hundreds of...
Took me a second to...
I got the second part, but it's a big book.
Didn't get the big book part, even I got the big book part.
I mean, he's doing his best.
If you got the call, they got to speak at the DNC case, would you?
Not going to happen, Tyler.
So I don't think I really have to worry about it.
It is a big book. Let's see how we...
Wow, how long does he talk?
Oh, that was kind of the highlight.
He's just sort of intro-ing it. It's kind of like the Oscars, actually.
You vote for all of this. Let's take a look.
You should have made it bigger.
All right. Do we got Matt here with us tonight? It's Matt here. Hey, there he is.
Matt, how are you?
They need to commit harder to the pageantry, damn it.
All right, Matt. Now, Matt, I understand that you work as an AV tech in Nevada.
Oh, he's telling me.
And you make a decent hourly wage. Is that right?
Okay, I just think... I don't care.
What?
Sketch takes time to set up. Sometimes it takes two minutes to set up the premise of the sketch.
I don't think that counts as a sketch.
Should have made it a scroll, yeah.
What's been your favorite part of the DNC?
Oh, yeah.
Exclamation point O is how you fill that out.
Matt's got a bigger forehead than Gina.
No, Matt's a hard-working tech.
I guess they all read off parts or they react to that.
I don't... I just can't...
I just can't bring myself to listen to it.
Was there a dick joke?
Was that... I was hearing that Obama made a dick joke?
Is that a thing?
I actually listened to some of Obama's speech and I didn't.
Oh, the crowd-sized thing.
What crowd-sized thing?
Vote now.
Are we missing out on a dick... Whoa, look at all these crazy ads.
Barack Obama's improvised speech just caught even his speech writers off-guard.
Stop sounding like me.
Gesture.
Crowd-sized joke.
Okay, we need to find the actual joke.
All you do is some quick and vast negation of journalism.
Your options are dick joke, cheese, Waltz Nation, the... lives.
Oh, that's...
That was AOC's incredible pronunciation of lives and all the rampant cocaine use.
And it does look like as usual, cocaine is the winner.
It's probably undefeated in politics for about the last 50 years.
Oh, it was a tie, actually.
I thought cocaine looked like it was way ahead.
Maybe life snuck in there at the end.
Life!
I'm also a huge fan of life.
I figured you would be.
Okay, Obama crowd-sized.
Let's see how much of a dick joke it was.
Okay, here we go.
The crazy conspiracy theories.
This weird obsession with crowd sizes.
Okay, that was pretty direct.
There's the ch...
Damn, they say when you become famous, like the quality of your stand-up doesn't even matter anymore,
and I do feel like since Obama got famous, like his stand-up has not been as good.
What do you think the job of the president is?
Do you like family-safe stand-up?
Miles Taylor from Miles and Transit,
a YouTube channel dedicated to transportation, diners, and humor, has been requested.
Miles Transit.
Is that a real guy?
It's probably as real as it's just about anybody here.
The eyes, I mean, he really, he did the hard sell.
As far as physical speech comedy goes, actually,
I kind of got to give it up to Obama.
It was somewhat subtle.
Subtle?
Well, maybe subtle's the wrong word, but it was timed out appropriately.
I guess any, I guess, you know, context is everything.
If the king mentions dick size, then you got to be like,
no way you went there.
The Kang.
Miles Taylor, sorry, we're looking this up.
Miles Taylor, Miles and Transit.
Hmm, what?
I feel like I've never been more lost in the airport before.
He's doing pretty well on viewership.
I'm not too confused with the other one that I took from the plane to...
Is that a child though?
How old is this guy?
He's probably older than 18, right?
You're always there.
Miles and Transit is speaking to the people.
Looks like young Link from Red and Link a little bit.
Yeah.
Brett?
And maybe it is.
Maybe Miles and Transit back in time, maybe he's butterfly affecting the reality.
And really, it's been this, you know, these guys all along.
He traveled back in time to be his younger self,
so that he could start a different YouTube channel about transit
with smaller viewership.
The pressure was piling up.
Yeah, it makes sense to me.
Yeah, it makes sense to me.
Weird that makes sense to you.
Also, Unge1, 2, 3, I think I missed your resub.
Thank you so much for the 22 months.
Alright, let's wrap up the DNC and then we'll talk to, I guess, Miles and Transit,
who seems like a nice guy.
Yeah, I mean, it seems like a great transit boy.
Transit boy?
Yeah.
You've never met a really sweet transit boy?
You know, I haven't, Tyler.
So last night was night three.
Let's see if there's any absolute sick highlight reel,
although we already watched Keenan, so.
Let's see what MSNBC has to say about it.
Oh, sick.
I must unbuckle on.
Democratic nominee for vice president, Governor Tim Walz.
Thank you, first of all, to Vice President Harris.
Thanks for putting your trust in me,
and for inviting me to be part of this incredible campaign.
It's the honor of my life to accept your nomination
for vice president of the United States.
Common sense tells you that Kamala Harris and Tim Walz
can give us decency and respect.
Let us choose truth.
She's zoning out.
Let us choose honor.
Oprah politics, though.
Let us choose joy.
This is the moment to remember when you tell your children
where you were and what you did.
We must choose courage.
Does he mean the DNC?
This is project 2025.
Oh, there's Keenan.
The real highlight.
I've been printing blueprint for a second Trump term.
You ever seen a document that could kill a small animal
and democracy at the same time?
Oprah was friends with Weinstein.
Donald Trump.
A lot of these people are going to have that in common,
and they're going to have that in common.
Oh, boy friend.
Who you broke up with, but he just won't go away.
Right now, the other side is appealing to what's
the smallest within you.
They're telling you that greatness comes from going back
to the past.
All of it compels us to demand more from our politics
than a rerun of some TV.
Even the highlights are really boring.
She was young.
She worked at McDonald's.
Now she's at the pinnacle of power,
and she's still asking, how can I help you?
Man, he spooks me so hard.
With the inauguration of Joe Biden and Kamala Harris,
we established one of the most successful
presidencies of modern times.
And I know that Vice President Harris
is ready to take us to new heights.
Yeah, Palatine.
It's the fourth quarter.
But he's back.
We're down a field goal, but we're on offense,
and we've got the ball.
We're driving down the field.
And boy, do we have the right team.
Kamala Harris is top.
Kamala Harris experienced.
I just like my uncle so much.
And Kamala Harris is ready.
That's how we're going to fight.
And as the next president of the United States
always says, when we fight,
when we fight, when we fight,
defense, defense.
Thank you.
God bless.
Dude, defense is so important.
That crowd gets it.
Well, there you have it, guys.
Another day for the history books.
Everybody said all the stuff,
and almost everyone who wanted to speak got to.
Yeah, I don't think the uncommitted movement
is really that excited necessarily
to be speaking about any of this.
But they're certainly not allowed to speak at all.
Bernie mentioned that the war needs to end.
They all had mentioned that the war needs to end.
But very little mention of arming Israel
to continue doing what they're doing.
So, you know, it kind of poisons the chalice
for me a little bit.
It makes all of the rabble-rousing
feel a little maybe gross.
Yeah, but you got to not focus on, like,
the gross parts of life, like ass murder
and our complicity.
Oh, wow, big word for you.
Well, like, because it's calm,
it's a complex, complexity of nationalities.
And that's just how it is.
So, you know, just now we're doing our best.
I don't think that's true.
Well, that's because case is a hater.
We're doing our best.
And tonight, who knows what will happen.
There's a mystery speaker.
And maybe it's like the rock.
Or maybe it's like Super Oprah.
Oh, they're going to bring out Super Oprah?
Yeah, Oprah that's been standing in the ooze
and has become part turtle.
Turtle Oprah, yeah.
Or like Super Shredder, she gets really big.
That would be exciting.
So keep on star for that.
And we'll keep you updated if it happens
in the next hour, roughly,
because case doesn't stream that long.
See you soon.
Ooze-Pra.
Ooze-Pra would be sick.
They should make an Oprah comic.
Riverville said that she was friends with Epstein.
You know that?
Epstein, Weinstein.
Getting my problematic steens confused.
I'm actually unaware of many Oprah details, but, you know,
where I live, lots of people were friends with Weinstein
until a couple of years ago.
All right, what's the deal?
Who was I talking to?
Miles Taylor?
Can't wait to get Miles on here.
Let's see if I can find him, though.
I do have to find him first.
All right, looks like we've located Miles.
I don't really, I don't know anything about him.
Other than that, he loves transit.
So let's see what his deal is.
Thank you for having me.
Hi, Miles.
Hello.
Thank you for having me.
Great to see you.
Diner?
I don't know what that means, gunshade the first.
I do have to admit, Miles, I know absolutely nothing about you
and don't really understand anything about the intricacies of your channel.
You're expecting tales from Sonic?
You're a thousand, two years, years too early to talk to tales.
Oh, okay.
He's more the anime, the guy with glasses in an anime.
I've been to every transit in the nation.
I can travel through a city faster than anyone.
Huh, okay.
Be careful of their case.
His hazards are on?
Yeah, are you like signaling that you're going to walk forward?
Indeed.
My glasses signal the direction I'm moving in,
so I can move through crowds more quickly.
Is kind of Harry Potter hair?
Indeed.
If your hair stands out too much,
then you make too much attention for yourself on the subway.
But if it doesn't stand out enough,
then no one gets out of your way on the train.
Okay, any advice for travel?
Do it constantly.
Uh, why?
So that you're prepared.
You're two thousand years too early to ride a train with me, case.
This guy runs a Yu-Gi-Oh insect deck.
Indeed.
Blue-eyes train bus pass.
Oh my god, he just slapped on a blue-eyes train bus pass.
Now I can ride any bus in the city. Which city?
You fool. Any city.
Miles, do you take the window, middle seat or aisle seat?
All three.
What?
I carry two dummy versions of me in a backpack.
I puppet them with invisible wires,
and I can take up as many as ten seats on any transit vehicle.
That's right, each duplicate of me can multiply
Roughly two times creating nearly ten of me
Math kind of adds up
Only four of those it passes were ever printed and all four are in my possession or they will be soon once my plan is complete
Not e what oh I just got excited
Okay, um
Yeah, it is a new form of man-spreading for sure moment
Alerts he did 100 plus hours greyhound ride across the country
How could he hate great?
He hates greyhound
Greyhound is a natural enemy of us
transit people
This dub is great, but you prefer the subversion
Hmm, okay, see if I can get him in the
See if I can get him in the in the original
Hmm
Okay, there's no talking in this clip so I can't actually do the bit I was gonna do you fool
Yeah, sorry it turned out to be all action
Sorry, I started I accidentally downloaded action miles
Pirates are evil, but that's an English. This is not gonna work
Sometimes YouTube just doesn't come through for you
There we go
This dub is terrible. It's why the Japanese version look
Okay, well that's that
Yeah, that's my original voice acting. Okay. Well, I think we got enough. Are you miles?
Now this is transit. Yeah, now we're working with some real transit. Okay. Well, hey, thanks for being so flexible and coming to talk to me on such short notice
It's nothing for me
I was literally here within minutes and I didn't use any of my own transit 100% public
I'm not surprised. I did drive to a train station once. It's my greatest shame
I'm sorry, and I'm sorry too. I
Live every day trying to make up for that
No, I must go. Can you cut away when I do that? I'm gonna leave. I just
Did you it's time to stop dueling miles? I?
Never stood a chance
Never stood a chance in that duel. So think about a dirty metro card
Let's follow miles
Whichever version of them seems like a nice guy if you love transit then that's the hottest tip there is
Okay, let's do a how-to
And then we'll do a little more news and it might have to do a little bit of a quicker one today
We are doing the patreon tonight. So I have a little less time today than I'd like but there's always time for Jeb
So let's see what he's up to it's time to learn some new tricks
Everybody we're back. You're back in my woodshed
And I hope like me you're ready to learn
Every there's so many skills out there you could never learn them all but that doesn't mean it's not fun to try
Like miles in the city
There's our infinite buses of knowledge to ride and I can't wait to step on every one of any for one of them with you
It's like a form of mental
public transit the knowledge
That's beautiful. Jeb. Oh, it's my dad who's in the wood. Oh, I forgot and he reminded me things
Don't worry daddy. I'll always remind you you're in the wood because you are
Yep, that's right. I'm trapped in the womb. My god. I'm in the wood. Jeb. And you've forgotten remembered all at once
great
There's a lot of new how-tos
That I haven't gotten to yet
Last time we watched some ear coning
It's like we'll be going to the movies later as well
Or we can learn what exciting entertainment has been created for us to absorb with our eyeballs in the coming months or years
For now, let's learn how to sissy squad. Oh
That's loud
This is a word that's been
Less kindly used by some people in my life to describe me
Well jokes on them. It's actually a form of physical fitness
So let's see how it's done
What's going on? Oh today?
I'm gonna demonstrate for you guys how to do a sissy squad
Got a body like jet the matrix squad because I know all of you have tried to do this move after watching the movie
Now might not look like much of an exercise
But if you practice it regularly and include in your bodybuilding workouts, you're gonna see some serious growth and separation in your quads
If this is your first time trying this exercise
You might want to do it standing next to a rail or a post
Oh, that's why I got tons of boxes and stuff in here
Begin the exercise standing with your feet about shoulder width apart and with the heels of your feet on the edge of the blocks
The blocks what blocks?
But I just said I had blocks. Oh, no
The block you're standing on should be about two to four inches high and sturdy enough to support your way
I need heels up Monday you while doing a rep. I don't know if I have the heels
Lean back into your body forms a straight line from your neck to your knees
Your knees will be bent slightly in the starting position. You got moves
He's got power moves
You should feel a deep burning in your quads after a few reps, but no pain in your knees
What if you feel constant pain in your knees?
What if your knees never stop for it 90 degrees initially because you will gain balanced ability and strength the more you practice the exercise
Looks like he's practicing his anime laugh
Thanks Scott so they guys have it
That's how you do a sissy squat for more great tips exercises and routines feel free to join us on scarthurmanfitness.com
And as always guys more good stuff coming soon. Oh more good stuff
Wow, who knows what other great stuff Scott has for us. So I think what we need the main thing
I took away that is I need some generic rock
generic copyright free rock and
Then I need something to stand on that one is a little trickier. I don't know what I have in the shed here
That's at quite that exact height. I don't have time to craft a block for
self live on stream because I put a lot of craftsmanship into my woodwork
So maybe I just raised my heels really isn't anything in here at that specific height
Yeah, we don't really make I guess I could use books
But I don't really want to mess these books up
Well, the books will be fine. I'll use books and I'll just take my shoes off
So that I just put my nude feet on these books and that'll be fine
All right guys
empty mason boxes
Yeah, I got plenty of empty mason boxes other shoes. Okay. I'm gonna have to yell a little bit
For you guys won't be able to hear me. Oh goody mate. We're doing the matrix now
All right, my heels are slightly up
Okay, I think I can do better. I
Do think I can do better than that. Give me a second
Okay, okay
Yeah, oh
My knees sounded like a World War two
battleship movie
He said your knees shouldn't hurt, but it's like I could feel my knees in my head
Is that a bad sign?
Who is enough to feel the burn? That's true
But I was pretty pumped up by all this rock music
This did get me going pretty hard
I'm gonna say that's the best I can do I
Can't move it all
I'm just I can't even begin to do it. I think I'm just a head in some wood
Yeah, it's mostly just your head in there. Oh
But I don't know what your body is exactly I don't know that
I mean
Great. Oh, that's that one how to be a good massage receiver. This could be important
Due to the things I most likely just did to my back knees and spine
Spine is your back. Yeah, but I messed up the other parts of my back too just now
I could hear it all snapping like so many tendons
Jesus yeah, what's a mistake?
But I learned a lot
Yeah, let's find out how to be a good massage receiver
Number one don't come I
Can handle that I think
It's time for massage Monday
Takes to to make the massage experience great
Last week I talked about how to be a good massage giver
This week I'm going to talk about how to be a good massage receiver
So number one
Communicate clearly. Okay be specific about the pressure
You want using pain scale of one to ten if necessary
And be specific about the location using right left up or down
Your specific request will help you get what you want. I
Know someone who tries to communicate with big size like
What during massage but unless you know the massage giver is a psychic please use words. Oh
Be nice as you what are your emotions
It really helps to use the word please
Especially if you're getting a free massage from your partner at home. They're doing your favor. So be nice
Number two motivate the giver
If something feels good, let them know so
Use the positive reinforcement to make the giver want to give you more
If you're asked how it is and you just say I see it kind of deflates the motivation of the giver to do more
You don't have to lie, but if something feels good, tell them
You do have to have a bit of exaggeration about all sorts of things in your life just to get by
Before you make a specific request to for example. Oh
That feels good. Now. Can you please try that little bit to the right?
Is the first part important thanks to give her at the end of the oh that feels good
Number three be a big flat noodle
Receiving is a gift to the giver. Oh, I can do that. Just be a big flat noodle. I can handle that
Don't try to help the giver
Often when I massage hands people give me their fingers for me to massage
It's actually harder to massage when the fingers are stiff. Oh, so just relax and enjoy receiving
Right recap on how to be a good massage receiver. Okay. Give me the rundown. That was too long
Really, okay motivate the giver and be a big flat noodle. Okay, of course the massage giver
This is the first time I've perfectly known how to do at least one of these
So be a good massage giver and be a good massage receiver to enhance your massage experience
Thanks for watching. I'll see you back next week. Maybe a big flat
Okay. Well, I guess let's practice. I'm gonna imagine getting a massage right now
Tender. That's me communicating clearly
Now I'm gonna motivate the giver. Ah
Every part of my body hurts. I'm worried with pains and sores careful on my exposed disgusting back
What you're doing your best
Okay, I'm gonna be a big fat noodle and that's all that's all three steps
I think I can actually handle that one. Maybe I should get a massage again. I
Don't know Jeb. I remember you getting one before I died
You were in the hospital afterwards. Yeah, I don't do well with touch
Not not because it like makes me nervous. It's just physically painful
Due to the various elements of my body. Oh
That's sad yeah, yeah
Right, let's see
What else we can learn today
How to be a good gay sex slave?
We might save that one
For later what we won't maybe we shouldn't follow so many touch-based ones
It'll save that one for the end
I also might need to do the old one-two scan of this just to see what kind of images it's popping up
We'll do two will do that. We'll do that one that one's for the patreon. Yeah, maybe we save that for the patreon
How to give a semen specimen?
I'll just go how to beat box for now
We'll do a less mobile one and then we'll end with something else maybe okay. Let's see how to beat box
My name is Spencer and I'm gonna teach you how to beat box in one minute. Thanks Spencer
I would be trying to keep up today. I'm gonna be teaching you the fundamental
It's fun. You want to have fun with whatever you do
I like this guy and you'll enjoy the experience so much more another thing to note is that these things are gonna take time
No one is giving you your instrument. You are creating it
So the more effort you put into it the more time you put into it the better it will sound it wouldn't be worth it
If it was easy so take your time and really put in that work practice practice practice
practice oh
Practice so that let's have fun. It's everywhere
Now the first time we're gonna learn is that didn't the minute is started now
So if you're counting now is the time to start the kick
You want to start by saying any word with the letter B boom beatbox
Beethoven now what you want to do is not bottom and focus on releasing the pressure from the center bottom
Beatbox Bola clava right that easy second side of the
Who's moving on so quickly ours? It is just a minute. I guess
You want to say any word with a hard letter K or a hard letter C car cat
kangaroo
Was it and then focus on
This is gonna be coming back here throw or in your molars. Oh classic
Club we're gonna learn is the hi hat
Playing you want to say anything with letters hard as a hard thing I guess take or tennis again
Just focus the pressure teaming pond
That was easy now that you know the fun
You just gotta practice practice
Rack so remember to just have fun. Let go and let the beat take you
Tonight is good. It's got another team
He's everywhere
Tinnitus tinnitus tinnitus
Bola clava
Bola clava and then
Cataract Bola clava cataract tonight is
Practice
Tinnitus paint
Basketball
I'm getting there. I do have to practice more. Do you need to practice more?
You want to get to my level if you want to be as good as me Jeff
You got a practice mark you think you're some incredible
Excuse me. You think you're some incredible beatboxer daddy? What?
And you stop showing can you stop showing off dad?
You know if you've got a skill jab you have to celebrate and I thought that's what this is all about
Can you sound so non-swirling whenever you're beatboxing because I know how to use this mouth, baby
But some cats and boots and cats and boots and cats and boots and cats and Michael Jackson noises
Maybe you should learn how to collect semen or whatever
Okay, I guess we'll move on
How to give a semen specimen does this feature a full penis at any point?
It doesn't it's just a graphic description
So full warning this is gonna be about male release for the purposes of donation
What doesn't mean we have to get silly about it. This is the thing people might actually need to know
Jet can beatbox. Yes. Yeah, you guessed it Eric here talking to you today about how to give a sperm specimen
Your doctor asked for one. Here's how to make sure it's a good one. Oh
I can improve the quality
So your doctor asked you to give a sperm specimen to help evaluate your infertility
So now you're left wondering how can I make sure that I get a good result?
So really preparation is the key
So the most important thing about the semen analysis that you're gonna do is to make sure that you have
abstained from intercourse from two to five days before giving the new
Specimen is given at the lab
But sometimes the lab will request that you provide the specimen at home and then bring the specimen in for analysis
Okay, you want to make sure that you make the specimen only about an hour before you bring it in whoa
I'll be kept close to your body to keep it at room temperature
Usually they'll give you a cup like this
You'll make the specimen and then bring it into the lab as far as abstaining prior to delivering the specimen
You want to make sure it's in the neighborhood of two to five days
You don't want to have any intercourse and you don't want to have any masturbation that make sure that the sperm in the specimen
Haven't been around too short or too long when you're creating the specimen
You want to make sure that if you use a lubricant that it's a water-based lubricant
And then you keep the lubricant out of the specimen
He's a dentist. Oh, no contaminate the specimen particularly if it's an oil-based lubricant as well
You want to make sure that you collect the entire specimen in the cup
If half the specimen makes it onto the floor and the other half into the cup
That's not gonna give you a good specimen
You want to make sure that you collect everything that you put out finally if your specimen is abnormal
Your doctor should ask you for a second confirmatory specimen
When you do the second specimen make sure that you follow all of the advice that I've mentioned earlier about
Don't come on the floor beforehand avoiding lubricants other than water-based lubricants and making sure that you get the entire
Specimen into the cup. Good luck and have fun. I kind of wish I had a better cup
Can we get like a wider bigger cup?
How much last radius do you need, Jeb? I don't know
Maybe about the size of my head. You have a huge head. I know
But it's easy to make a mess
Yes
Did you ever have to give a specimen steady? I didn't have to
Some things are a privilege, son
And well, you know we kept it low-key today
Boots and cat-
Balaclava
Batman
Bicycle, Bicycle Thief
Bicycle Thief the Italian film
It's not really sounding like beatbox. I don't think you want to say full words, Jeb
Ssss, that's like a hi-hat semen. There we go. I'm a jazz scat man daddy
Good. Yup. Really good stuff son. Thanks, daddy. Oh
God, I'm in wood. Yep, you sure are. It's okay though
We're just having fun and we're learning and it was great to learn something with all of you
Oh, hello from YouTube to Brunner. Okay. Well, uh stay safe out there
Always stay curious because remember you're never too old
I'll see you soon. Bye bye.
Yeah. See if the DNC is live. It's always good to do a little live DNC check-in.
What? That's day three. Is it a DNC day four now? Yeah, there it is.
It looks like there's nothing exciting happening yet, with no promise that anything exciting will happen in the future.
Although fortunately I did send Jeff back down there.
I did force Jeff back to the DNC. I guess we can check in with him really quick.
Jeff, how are you doing down there, buddy?
A little annoying that I had to come all the way back down here. It's still basically the same thing.
You know, people giving speeches. There were speeches last night.
That's all you got for us is there were speeches last night?
What do you want from me? There were speeches.
And they're like, we're gonna do stuff. It'll be... Trump's sucks or whatever.
Jeff, come on. There must have been something else going on.
Some of the aides are having a party afterwards. Having an aides party.
That can't be what they call it.
Well, look, I understand. But they are. They're White House aides and they're having a party.
So they do call it. They're aware that it sounds like a bad thing and I think that's why they call it that.
So yes, it is an intentional joke.
Why are you getting so upset? Because I'm not invited. I want to go to the aides party.
You're not a White House aide. Also, there's protests outside, but no one in here is thinking about that at all in case you're wondering.
Ah, it's good to know. Anyway, I've got to go to the bathroom.
So good thing you sent me down here again, case, for all this coverage.
Well, you could have gotten into stories or something, Jeff.
He already went to the bathroom.
Oh, shit. I got on stage again.
Apologies, everybody.
This is about the fifth time this has happened today and it did happen every other day I was here.
But I'm not an official speaker. I am just I am looking for the bathroom.
And it's just really weird to me that they did put it kind of in this spot, but that I have to cross through the stage to get it.
But God bless America.
So really, you guys are just on a hair trigger every fucking time.
Pelosi, it's going to be okay. I swear.
Thank you all. But I do it.
The podium is a urinal? The podium is a urinal, I'm being told.
You can all stop applauding.
Can you please stop applauding?
The guys, they won't sit down.
Shoot, I don't know why, but they won't sit down for some reason.
Please, can you all sit down?
I'd really appreciate it. Thank you.
I did start peeing. I started peeing just in case anybody is wondering.
Well, are you proud of me?
I tried to play it off, but I immediately just mentioned that I am peeing.
Which really wasn't, I don't think that's worthy of your applause.
God damn it, it won't fucking settle down.
Okay, okay, okay. Look, I'm going to go.
I did pee on the ground.
I missed the urinal because I panicked.
There is a urinal under here, but I did miss it.
So whatever the guest speaker is, it's not me, but you might want to clean up.
I peed on the ground.
Is there no security here? I'm just sort of curious if security is going to show up now.
Alright, well, thanks everybody.
Wow, I got the Beyonce music.
Does everybody get the Beyonce music?
I don't feel like I earned it, but fine.
Okay, alright, that's all the time I have. Thanks everybody.
Thank you, bye-bye.
So I did not mean to cut back to me.
I was about to leave, okay? Stop cutting back to me.
Okay, please.
Sorry, I did not mean to cut back to Jeff.
Okay, well, that's all of our DNC coverage probably.
Let's see what else is going on in the world.
There's got to be more news than that, and then we'll kick it to the movies.
It's time for just a little more news.
I thought you were going to sing.
No, Peter.
It's supposed to be Sammy.
I've had this Sammy theme try to go up for like five days.
Why does he get two themes?
Because I lost one accidentally.
It doesn't really need to, but I guess he's going to get to.
Well, I'm here.
I don't need to be hostile.
It's just that you're not scheduled, Peter.
You're not supposed to be here.
But if I am here, fine, what do you want to talk about?
Did you hear about the principle that was being bad?
That could be a number of stories, Peter.
And no, not really.
I didn't particularly pay attention to the principle news.
Well, there's always some principle news.
That could kind of be my beat, keeping an eye on high schools.
No, no, no, Peter, that cannot be your beat.
I could be our high school correspondent.
You can do this one high school story.
All right, high school principle placed on leave after dancing with mascot.
One father says it was weird.
See, it's not about bad stuff, Case.
It's about weird stuff.
It's not like it might have been bad.
Brunner Colley High School principle Robert Nunes has been put on leave for dancing with the school mascot.
Ryan Attabury reported his son's video of the incident on Facebook.
So you know that.
You know that it's real when it's coming from Facebook.
Attabury exclusively tells people that it was all weird.
This is exactly the kind of...this is what Facebook is for now.
Yeah, it's kind of become a place for parents to just catalog the various tiny cataclysm.
Various tiny catastrophes of middle America.
Yeah, yeah, that's...it's a valid...it's a vital service.
Let's see if we can find the video.
Because I suspect this is one of those stories where it's just talking about a video.
Okay, all right, I'm trying to get this loaded up.
All right, here we go.
I don't think he understood...
I don't think he understood that the genesis of that phrase
is actually trying to keep something secret and not doing it in front of your entire school.
This is an elaborate to catch a predator sting.
That's one of the easiest stings of all time.
Just put him in front of the school and say go off.
Wow.
There's going to be some element of people...
Thank you for the cheese for Pepito Giggle Trash.
200 sweet cheese points for Pepito.
Oh my gosh.
There's going to be some people that are going to be like,
you can't even do jokes anymore.
But I do think you really have to get from the benefit of the doubt
to not be weirded out by that.
Well, maybe he's really good friends with you.
Can't you be friends with your friends with these kids?
They're your best friends. They're your students.
I don't think that's the right way to think of your students.
Well...
And this is why you can't be the high school correspondent, Peter.
The video appears to show Nuna's dancing sedesely.
Oh, there's a high train.
Nuh-nuh-nuh-nuh-nuh-nuh-nuh.
Want me to do a little dance for you, Kay?
You know? Like this guy?
Is this appropriate for the workplace?
If I do a little dance for you?
Like this? A little something like this?
Rub my body on you, Kay?
Yeah, I really grind my ass into you.
This is fun. This is a joke.
I'm grinding my ass into you, Kay.
For fun. For fun.
That was fun. That was a joke.
My ass barely touched him.
It touched me.
But barely.
I was playing. Get up. My ass barely ground into you.
It was like this.
Look, I didn't do it any more intensely than this.
Oh, I'm grinding my ass into Kay.
Yeah, well, I got...
I feel my ass case with your cry.
Whoops.
Whoops.
We have fun here. We have fun.
Hi, Panther. Hello.
What happens if Ben stays with Ben?
Oh, yeah, I forgot to say that. Let me try again.
Ahem.
Yeah, I'm grinding my ass into Kay.
What happens if Ben stays with Ben?
I really feel my whole tank with your ass case.
Ah.
Ah.
God, we have fun here.
I'll give you this. It's true.
His ass is not quite touching my cross,
but it is insanely close, Peter.
It's a skill.
They've requested therapy.
So you get to enjoy that, too.
And we also get to have a little bit of harmless fun.
Peter's trying to display that he can grind his ass into me
without his ass really touching me.
It's touched me a few times, Peter.
But I'm saying there's ways to do it where it's all fun and games,
which is what I'm pulling off right now.
Do you need another example?
No, Peter. I don't need another example.
Like here, check this out. Check this out.
I can go under the desk and go down here.
And I can say, oh, wow,
I'm going to town on case under this desk.
And then I go down. Wow.
Wow, that's crazy what we're doing.
I'm going nuts on case under this desk.
Oh, wow.
But you know, really, I didn't do anything.
Peter, stop.
But I didn't do anything.
Yeah, but it's fucking gross, man.
It's just fucking gross.
What's gross about it? It's just two pals having fun.
You on the principal's side here?
I would just like to point out none of that was actually,
all of it was playful sexuality,
which is always harmless and fun.
So you are on the side of the principal.
Maybe he, because you put your an adult,
that's something we're adults so we can do this.
That was my point.
Is we're too consenting. I never said to do that, Peter.
What were such pals?
Now kiss? No, I refuse to.
Well, the thing is I could make it look like we do.
But we wouldn't really.
No, we don't need to do that, Peter.
You sure?
That was an air kiss. We didn't actually kiss.
Peter's running the hype train today.
I'm going to just send it.
I'm going to send it to the hype train, Peter.
Okay, well, just like to point out we had a great time.
That's how you do it appropriately.
You have to really actually be an adult.
You have to be best pals.
And when you just have that kind of kismic understanding,
you can pull off jokes like that.
Please go back to the wall.
I didn't have to ask me.
I was going to go back to the wall, so.
Don't worry, I'll be back in the wall.
And for now, I guess K shall check in with the hype train.
Now that he's not that he's had a lot of fun.
I'll see you in your dreams. I'm Peter Gibbon.
I really need to seal the wall.
It would be wise of me.
Oh, that's to permanently seal the wall.
Hype train though, we've got a lot of subs coming in.
Surprisingly, now that my ass has been nearly touched by Peter,
but you fortunately died.
So just so you know, the hype train is in fact.
Uh, fully, it came pre-dead this time.
Conveniently.
Conveniently for me.
Peter was the conductor of the hype train today.
But thank you so much to who we got.
A giggle trash for the 200 bits.
Uncle Phil for the 100 bits.
Apple to Apple for the 100 bits.
Dilemma for the hot 100.
Skymer for the 100.
And then I'm also coming through with the hot 100.
Dead hype train on arrival.
The train died before it even left the station.
It was in the state. I just kept it parked in the station today.
Okay, let's send it over to Trent and then we'll do a little therapy.
You know, maybe actually, I was told by, um, I was told by Jeff, there we go,
that Dr. Chath might also be at the DNC.
Maybe he can do therapy for the entire DNC crowd.
That might be a thing that he can do on our behalf.
Not that I couldn't use a little therapy, but maybe we'll have him do that kind of therapy today.
For now, let's do the therapy of trailers. Here's Trent at the movies.
Dude, I could not find my fucking hat.
I took that shit off to do my annual hair, like, tidying up.
And I lost my fucking hat, dude. I hate it when that shit happens.
You know, you should really clean your hair more than that.
I clean it. It's just every once in a while.
I like, every year I check in with my hair without the hat
just to make sure that it still looks cool under here.
You shower in your hat? Yeah, I mean, I want to clean the beanie, too.
You could wash it, young bud. That's what I'm doing.
I do that when I take a shower. I don't understand what you're not getting here.
We haven't checked out trailers in like a week, so there should be some good ones.
Let's see if there's a specific request.
Therapy. Everybody needs therapy. Yeah, that's true.
Nope, no specific request to breach.
If you had a particular trailer you wanted watched today, just let me know.
In the meantime, we'll kind of watch whatever.
For instance, apparently the DNC is happening, which I think is like, sponsored by George Clooney or something.
Well, George Clooney is kind of a high profile Democrat, but I don't think he's like directly tied to the event.
It's probably like a large contributor to the Democratic Party.
Oh, okay, whatever. He's in a thing called Wolfe. I was just trying to say,
trying to tie the two together. Well, don't get so upset, young blood. I was trying to help you.
Well, I am upset and that's not going to change. So let's see what's going on.
I was told that if I ever needed help to call you.
You're a man who can fix things.
I didn't know people like you really existed.
Oh, we'll watch Metropolis Ever This.
Oh, it's oceans too.
Who are you?
I'm here to take care of your problem.
Who called you?
The situation here, the only course of action is for you to work together to clean up this mess.
No, it's not how I work.
This is not how I work.
It's a different thing now.
It's going to be a long night.
Oh, they're dealing with snow that's outside.
I know what you're talking about.
Where did you get the drugs?
There's an art to this. You may not realize.
What the art is the same thing over and over?
Let's see your technique.
I showed you my luggage card trick.
Man, their voices are so raspy.
It's cool.
I can fight this very well.
What did you just throw?
Stop.
How long have you been partners?
You got like the same clothes, you got to talk the same.
Right.
Like basically the same guy.
We're not partners.
There are people out there.
If they suspected I knew what he knew.
I knew what he knew.
They would have us all killed immediately.
What?
Eyes based on...
Stop him.
Yeah, this is just the two oceans.
This is the Pacific and Atlantic, and they got rid of the other five verses.
Five to...
Hundred.
That kid's athletic.
That's a natural athlete right there.
Secret partners.
That was actually a live clip from the I-Show Speedstream.
They just used it in this movie.
Well shit, okay whatever.
Big celebrities.
You know, I appreciate with Apple you can always count on them to take like really big mainstream A-list celebrities
and make them feel completely generic in a way where you don't care if you ever see what that is.
You like that.
Yeah man, I kind of like it when like I just feel zero pressure to watch a thing because it looks like anything else.
It's sort of like, oh we smoothed off the edges so much that there's almost nothing left.
It's just movie in big letters.
Could be any movie.
Well I mean it looks a little...
There's a...
They're doing a crime.
And one of them is a gangster, but the other one's also a gangster or...
Or he's an annoyed couple...
Husband or...
Look at George Clooney and his Brad Pitt.
Yeah, movie too, the movie.
I love that.
I love them in movie.
And I was...
I'm a big fan of all the movies on Apple Plus that are called movie.
Well you know I actually watched Silo on Apple Plus which also from the trailer kind of fell into the category of looking like incredibly generic sci-fi.
And I thought Silo was actually pretty good.
So I think Apple Plus might just do a really bad job of making their properties seem you know remotely unique.
It's actually an Ascended Nespresso ad.
Oh sick, I love Nespresso.
Well then I'm happy that I at least supported Nespresso by watching the trailer movie.
Yeah.
Silo is in JLo's Atlas.
Wait, really?
I've watched Atlas.
How did I miss all the...
Oh actually I watched JLo's Atlas and then I watched Silo so I missed out.
But look I'm just saying even though it is a bit of a generic seeming streaming service it also has you know...
The one where they're split up.
The split up people.
Oh yeah my favorite Apple Plus show, split up people.
Yeah I like the one where the guy from Stuff is split up.
Yeah dude, split up was a good show.
I gotta give it to you.
Yeah exactly Bonsai Bullfrog, split up.
Everybody's agreeing with me that that's what it's called.
Slow Horses is alright.
I haven't seen that.
I do actually have Apple Plus so I should honestly go through and just watch some of it.
Someone was saying there was some other show on there that's good.
Also there's like...
They let Michael Douglas be a president or something.
Oh yeah they do also just kinda make a wish for aging celebrities.
They just kinda let him do a movie.
So that's nice.
They let Michael Douglas be like a founding father or something.
And you love to see that.
You do love to see that.
Alright but you know what you love to see even more?
This Megalopolis Trowler that I've not been watching for too long.
Yeah yeah yeah yeah.
Adam Severance from the movie Split Up.
Well it was a series and they are right that it's called Severance.
It's Adam Scott.
Yeah Adam Severance from the movie Split Up.
We agree.
We like Apple Plus for that.
Alright this is Trailer 2.
Which is only from a day ago.
I don't know if there's an even hotter trailer to watch but let's watch this hottest latest Megalopolis trailer.
From the movie that's so good.
They're like real apprehensive about promoting it or the release seems to always be getting fucked up.
Let's check it out.
Don't let the now destroy the forever.
People are expecting a movie and he's being very upfront that it's a fable.
A fable can be a movie.
I guess it can be a video game.
So maybe it can also be a movie.
Interesting.
He's really breaking new ground.
Yeah that was a glowing T-square.
Wintery Midnight.
You know what really threw me off?
Parts of it just looked like any other streaming movie.
It kind of has that over saturated clarity thing going on and some of the non effects driven looking moments.
And then the effects driven looking moments kind of look cheap.
Well as they're pointing out in chat I think obviously they had to sell his winery to pay for the movie.
So I have no idea if this had a huge budget or a small budget or what.
I'm gonna say based on what I've heard you just need to if you really care about whether it's good or bad just you have to watch it and find out.
I think the general consensus is that it is kind of unwatchable.
Yeah.
But that does make me curious.
Because you know people said Borderlands was terrible and I watched it and I was like, hey you know.
Yeah that actually isn't my opinion a more fair reaction to Borderlands.
I mean it's not good but it's very like you know.
Yeah you know it's like you know it's kind of what I expected.
Megaloppa shit.
Megapile of shit.
No Megaloppa shit is better.
It actually uses the structure of the word.
No Megapile of shit.
Cloud Atlas look more coherent.
I mean I haven't seen it so.
Well actually I saw the trailer so in a sense I've seen it.
Well no I mean you were right the first time you have not seen it that was the trailer.
But I guess I kind of feel like I've seen it so.
I kind of enjoy the trailer.
I'm gonna say people are being too harsh on it.
Off the trailer.
I've had so many mean quotes.
But to me it looked like a trailer so.
I just don't really get what people are so upset about.
Let's do another one.
The Lord of the Rings the War of Rohirrim.
Oh is this a movie?
Wait what?
A groundbreaking journey back to Middle Earth.
I'm now curious what is this?
An anime homage movie.
So far it just looks like.
The Trillian.
Oh okay now it has become anime.
Earth knows the tale of the war of the ring.
But 200 years before that.
Brothers of Rohan.
There is a war of the tale.
Arise!
We come with an offer to strengthen Rohan.
Had a daughter at home.
I will seek your hand in marriage.
Our fathers speak as if I were not even in the room.
I do not want to marry you.
You do not seek an alliance.
You seek a throne.
You will not regret this.
This old man.
Oh shit now he's beating the shit out of that slightly younger guy.
He's dead?
You will pay for this with your life.
Take parts in the death.
The boy I knew would never wish for war.
The boy you knew is gone.
Fire!
There's so many of them.
I pledge to fight for my king.
You know nothing of war.
I'm the fastest rider you have.
This is Rohan on stuff for sure.
People need hope.
Something to be feared.
They're at the wall.
It's also Game of Thrones.
My pride.
My joy.
You could rule the world.
I am afraid of you.
You should be.
Alright sick.
Who's that guy?
Not a huge fan of the anime style in general.
I wish that wouldn't become the go-to style for adult animation.
Is that the go-to style?
What is the go-to style for like anime adult animation?
I don't know if there's like a consensus around that one.
But that's kind of what you mean.
There's like a lot of shows that kind of have that look.
I don't know.
The redhead is kind of a baddie.
Whoever they got to play her is fucking hot.
It's a cartoon, young blood.
Yeah, but like whoever they got to play her is hot.
Yeah, but they're...
You could say the voice is sexy, but it's a cartoon.
We're saying the same thing.
Anyway, that was pretty sick.
Like you know, if you like dragons or birds or both combined.
Oh, like Castlevania.
It did look like Castlevania.
Yeah, it's like the frame rate's kind of low.
And also everybody sort of looks the same.
Everybody's kind of like a sexy water nymph.
I don't really know what people are complaining about.
That sounds kind of positive to me.
You just like sexy water nymphs.
Yeah.
The Blackwell Ghost 8.
All right.
In honor of Case Blackwell, we'll click on the thing that has his last name in it.
This is probably not going to be very super hot quality.
Well, we don't know.
It's got the Blackwell seal of approval, so let's see what this is.
It's already on Amazon.
Oh, we are taking the breath away.
Oh, shit.
In a world where killer swaps full of stories from the visionary director, one guy.
One guy with three camera.
Dude, Case is into some fucked up stuff.
Like, why he would put so much energy into having that made?
I don't even honestly know.
You know, it's just got his last name in it.
Who be clear that's not hot to him.
How many Blackwells could there be?
He's probably related to at least one of the Blackwell Ghosts.
There's eight.
Not the most compelling trailer, but you can watch it on Amazon.
So if you got the prime, support Case's ace eight ghost siblings with Blackwell Ghost 8.
Well, maybe only three of them are related to this.
That's a good point.
A shot of car and trailer or red letter hallmark of this kind of movie.
They sprung for the drone, dude.
You got to rent that shit for like a whole day.
That don't come cheap.
I've tried to rent drones to spy on my principal.
You know, like to do some classic Bart Simpson shenanigans.
I don't need to know about this.
I am still your parole officer.
This was before that and I was already in trouble for it.
So double, double prince principal.
Eat my ghost shorts.
Well, there's eight Blackwell ghosts floating around.
Look, the Bayou's of Florida and or Louisiana or something.
I don't know whatever.
That's another movie.
We could have ended on the anime, but she just had to click on something else.
Don't come for me.
I gave us a bonus.
I only usually watch a retraler.
So I don't pollute my mind with too much entertainment.
Adding it to the Case lore page.
That's fair.
Pump that page up.
All right.
Well, that's all the time we do have for now.
We saw so many trailers today, but now at this time we must be returning you to therapy because you do in fact know what it is.
We'll see you soon.
Bye bye.
Oh, do one more.
Oh, I really tussle up my hair between all of these segments.
If there's a particular trailer you want to watch, we can just watch a trailer too.
If there's something you want to see.
Great.
What else did I say to talk about?
Oh, UFOs.
Maybe we end on therapy.
We end on speech therapy, aka Dr.
Jeff giving a speech.
And before that, we do a little UFO times.
Oh, yeah, that does count as a conspiracy thing.
Well, hey, we almost never use our conspiracy expert here.
Everyone's favorite conspiracy expert guy redacted.
So let's give him a shot.
Been too long.
It's time to seize a little bit of truth.
Good evening, Warriors of Truth.
It's been too long.
Even my own employers try to silence me from informing you of the relevant facts of the day of which I happen to be an expert in all of them.
We did borrow the, we did borrow the, sorry, my hair is just being crazy today.
Yeah, we did borrow the elevator from Rennerton.
We had them just to ship it over.
It was just cheap.
We got a wholesale shipping a whole elevator.
It turns out you can just do that.
Is Cass doing aliens too?
Well, look, we need to spread the truth as much as we can.
There's very few people willing to talk about this today.
Even though this is coming from official government sources.
So you know for a fact that they're trying to hide these facts from you.
Oh, we're so busy listening to Obama talk about crowd dicks or whatever.
Oh, the school principal guy, the substitute teacher, Tim Walton or whatever.
Oh, we all like him because he's my daddy or something.
What about the aliens?
Maybe there are daddies.
You ever think of that?
Well, I have and I'm ready to talk about it.
And nobody else is.
No one else is ever talking about this stuff.
It pisses me off sometimes.
I'm tired to get fired up.
Oh, look at this.
There's literally a picture here of a UFO going into the ocean.
And I'm worried it's supposed to hang like it's not happening.
No, thanks.
I'm going to actually do something about it.
I'm going to read it.
Well, most people don't have the guts to do that.
UFO whistleblower and Pentagon official who claims that the government is hiding its knowledge of extraterrestrial is doubling down on its claims in a new memoir.
At the Daily Beast and other outlets report whistleblower Luis Elizondo's new book imminent inside the Pentagon's hunt for UFOs contains in more detail the same kinds of contention.
He has long put forth with the help of the New York Times and blink 182.
Time to long.
And look, people like to act like that silly.
Times along, but.
Sometimes your passions don't choose you.
You can be an incredible drummer and also one of the foremost experts in UFO.
That's just the way it is, man.
Yeah, blink 182 and New York Times collab.
Those are the kind of outside the box collaborations we need if we want to wake up.
In an interview with the Daily Mall, Elizondo said he's finally been cleared by the Pentagon to tell the full truth.
They even they're giving him permission at this point.
That's how asleep they know we all are.
They're saying, yeah, go tell everybody.
Oh, showed it from the mountain tops.
Nobody will even care.
Well, I care.
As he said in his interview with the British Tableau, the ex official, who was also privy to knowledge of traps, the government set up to catch and capture UAP.
We had a plan to set up a real big nuclear footprint.
Elizondo said.
She turned this music down.
It is really a little loud.
I'm not a thing that that my music is just like a little loud.
Everybody's not a thing that my music is a little loud.
There we go.
It's a little better.
Okay, we had plans to have a really nuclear footprint.
Give me more music.
It was a big nuclear footprint.
Elizondo said something we knew would be irresistible for these UAPs.
Once these unwitting ET fell for the rude, the trap would be thrown.
We're trees.
That's that's the level that we have to go to.
You ever seen the season of Game of Thrones where the white walkers, they're running amuck.
They're going hog crazy all over the North.
But nobody believes them.
So they have to literally drag one of them guys all the way to the Queen and be like,
stop fucking your brother for two minutes and notice that they're zombies.
That's the situation where it's like we got to rub the aliens in your face before you even notice them.
As those claims made by other government whistleblowers, the true believers,
Elizondo insisted on a widespread U.S. government conspiracy to hide the truth about aliens from American people seems to fall apart under scrutiny.
Oh, says who.
Says a different article from the same site.
In a thread on our UFOs where a Daily Mall interview was posted, for instance,
an incredulous redditor pointed out just how ridiculous the crux of that claim really is.
Well, you sound ridiculous.
Maybe, redditor.
Ever thought about how you thought maybe you're crazy?
Setting up honeypots for UFOs sounds like a terrible idea that you either commented.
Who knows what type of thing you could end up attracting.
Indeed, if any member of an extraterrestrial race were sophisticated enough not only to travel and told light years to Earth,
but also hide themselves from us, it seems almost humorous that our human attempt at deception would work.
As ever, we know much.
As ever, we very much do want to believe, but in the case of Elean does a new book,
the only thing that seems provable is that he's done a book tour.
Well, why are they even feel like they're trying to disprove that too?
With all the pressure to drive sales, that process typically entails.
Oh, well, when they're trying to sell us GMOs and our baby food, we're just supposed to take that hook line and thinker,
but if a hard-working UFOtologist engages in the great capitalism of our nation,
suddenly that's not allowed.
Suddenly he is to be questioned.
I'm sick of this man.
What's it going to take for these people?
What if I told you that he's not the only one setting up a pot?
That in my in this very in my very dark basement, I've literally set up a honeypot to capture unidentified anything.
And that I and that I actually succeeded in doing exactly that.
And then I do happen to have one live in the studio and ready to reveal.
I'm pretty sure I caught a dang alien in my basement is what I'm trying to say.
I spread honey all over my basement and I'm pretty sure that there's a dang alien in there.
So good luck disproving this, the bite, because I had a little fishy bite on talking to me and I go to that interview now.
I'm trapped in this basement.
Yes. And where do you come from?
About a hundred acres away.
I traveled about a hundred acres.
I smelled honey.
And you did get me.
They're saying I fucking knew it. I fucking knew it too.
I wish I knew it.
Could you let me out of here? Everything's locked. I'm all honeyed up.
I keep licking all the honey off myself.
There's no telling. I'm not going to reveal the I protect people that an enmity around here, even alien.
So there's no way to tell who that is. I've blurred you out there and I have lowered your voice.
Thank you. That's kind of you. Conspiracy theorists are friends.
We're waiting for the doctor.
Is he a FaceTime from an Atari 2600?
I do have about a one frame rate camera down there to capture the alien.
It takes about a frame every two minutes of footage.
But it's extremely high death.
There's trade-offs with any kind of camera that you get.
This webcam is on.
Literally constantly. It'll never run out of batteries.
But it does only take about one frame per one to two days.
It's obviously poo.
And that's how low of an opinion American people have of aliens nowadays.
They're just calling them shit.
Well, did he get a mouth?
Shoot, my camera's frame rates improved immensely.
What do you mean?
He's a little different.
I thought I was blurred out.
No, you are. Your anonymity is being protected.
Good because I'm not wearing pants.
And I'm just going crazy on this honey.
You covered this place, man.
Just big ropes of honey.
Dude, I've rubbed myself on all of it.
I've been licking it.
I'm not really mad.
I just like, can you open the door, give me some more?
Winnie, I'm winning for some more.
Dude, like a little horse.
You are clearly not human.
So I'm just saying, I caught...
Can you confirm that you're an alien?
I can confirm that I want a friend.
I used to have a guy like you that come by and visit me.
Rub me in honey.
What?
And it was chill.
What do you mean?
I thought I caught it. Are you just a pervert?
I mean, I don't call myself that.
Shit.
Are you from outer space, at least?
I mean, I'm from outside of the city.
Fuck. Oh, it's a...
Are you a bear?
Uh, I'm not comfortable revealing that.
I'd say I'm 50% of the way there.
The point is, the principle of a honey trap is solid.
You cover your basement in honey,
and if you do that enough time, an alien will eventually show up.
President of China.
I mean, I think China is unfairly maligned to the media a lot.
Shit, I don't know ideologically where I stand on that actually.
Am I on the government side or do I have them more?
I'm just not gonna get into it.
Oh, okay.
Well, shit. All right, I'll come let you out, um...
If you're not an alien.
I mean, an alien might not be quite it.
Shit.
I got close. I just would like to point out that I did get close.
I got like real freaking close, and I'd say that's pretty good.
Now, don't let this color your judgments of me.
I know case doesn't use me that often, but it's not cause I'm incompetent
and sort of a lesser version of his previous conspiracy.
I'm just as good.
I don't care if he talked to a real divey or whatever.
I can I'll do it eventually.
It's hard out here, man. It's freaking hard to like patch alien.
They want you to get it first try or they call you crazy.
I caught a talking bear and I understand that's not as impressive on this channel,
but I'd say that's pretty good, you know.
Did you said you wouldn't blow me up like that?
You're just revealing that I'm a bear.
Well, fuck, okay.
A talking pervert.
Whatever.
My point is don't knock it till you've tried it.
We tried it and it 50% worked and halfway there means you're more of the way there
than the fucking haters that said you couldn't get there at all.
So let's send it back to case now because everybody's everybody's so good at
casting asparagus and until then don't worry.
The truth is out there.
We happen to be seething it here.
Semper truth.
Jay, freaking killing me.
You miss Clem?
Sometimes late at night I miss Clem and then I remember who he looks like
and I miss him less.
Okay.
Yeah, you know, I actually covered all three of the stories.
I said I would in the title.
Chick-fil-A hatches plans for a streaming service.
Wait, I missed this one.
Now let's do one more quick news because what does that even mean?
And then we'll send it down to the convention room floor to finish this off for the day.
Here's one more little piece of news.
We're not doing my freaking song.
I said I'd make you another song so we also have to do that.
I just remember I have to do that.
I get two songs?
You do.
You can sort of dealer's choice it.
Then I have to make a new sub goal.
All right, well, I'll do a little bit of nose and then I'll bust out the classic singing voice.
Sammy, two songs.
Yeah.
Seven elbows, two songs.
Who knows how many of these things I can get eventually.
This guy's the limit.
Fucking elbows.
The singing it.
Elbows to sing it.
Eh?
What?
I don't know.
I don't fucking know, man.
Just what are we talking about?
What's the fucking action today?
No, not the poll.
Not the freaking poll.
Chick-fil-A hatches plans for streaming service as reality TV comes home to roost.
They not just making sandwiches anymore?
I thought they were like, you know, and they hate a certain type of guy but they make a mean chicken sandwich.
Something, you know, I can relate to.
What do you mean by that, Sammy?
Just so you know, everybody hates somebody and we all like food.
Yeah, yeah, they are.
They're notoriously kind of have somewhat homophobic ownership.
Although I haven't kept up with that since, you know, it was a thing in like the mid 2010s, but it's probably still a thing.
But now they're doing streaming too.
Oh, so now they'll clear their name by making the least controversial type of TV.
Reality TV.
Chick-fil-A is moving aggressively into the entertainment space with plans to launch a slate of originals for its own streaming platform.
Deadline understands that the fast food firm has been working with a number of major production companies, including some of the studios to create family-friendly, what a surprise, shows, particularly in the unscripted space.
It is also in talks to license and acquire content.
We hear that this includes a family-friendly game show from Glassman Media in the coming, even better than a straw man, the company behind NBC's The Wall.
It's one of my favorite shows.
What is it? It's just a fucking wall.
24 hours a day there's a camera on it and people run into it full fucking force.
Boom, they slam into it. Some of them fucking die.
But the first person through wins a Tesla.
Sammy, I think you might just be watching some weird stream somewhere. You had a dream.
Not G4's Chris Hardwick is involved. I don't know if that's true.
Oh, is he on the wall? What the hell is the wall?
And he sees the wall. He's the host of the wall.
Of course. Let's watch a clip from The Wall.
Let's see our first set of answers.
Oh, this isn't the wall. I know.
I like the one where they run into it as hard as they can head first.
And if you break it, you would have Tesla. It's a brick wall.
Getting average. Hits. Home runs. Runs batted in.
Ruben really likes baseball. So I'm feeling pretty confident. I'm going to go with six.
Six. All right.
What the fuck?
In Major League Baseball, the Triple Crown is achieved by a player who leads their league in three specific statistics.
We can't watch any more than that or I'll probably get this whole stream taken down.
Yeah, singled out is Chris Hardwick and G4's and technically G4's.
The nerd is Chris Hardwick.
The unkillable Chris Hardwick. Why you got to say unkillable? No reason.
Okay. Budgets on the unscripted side, I believe. That's the wall, by the way.
But it's not the good one. You should check out my version of the wall. It's way fucking funny.
People just fucking smashed their head into that wall.
Budgets on the unscripted side are leading the range of 400,000 per half hour show.
SOS has told us the idea is to launch later this year and there's also talks of scripted projects and animation.
Brian Gibson, who has worked on series including the history's top gear remake and Fox's adaptation of The X Factor,
is leading the programming charge and has been in talks with various producers.
Bonsai Bullfrog says the wall is plainco from the prices right with questions.
Why can't they just run into the fucking thing? Because that's dangerous.
Yeah.
Well, do we really need another family friendly streaming service?
It seems like you could just sign into Peacock and watch endless mind numbing,
completely innocuous game shows like The Wall.
Yeah, but they're not really that family friendly.
Like you see, they're putting that huge ball in that tube.
Fucking.
Kind of got me going.
How is that sexual? I don't know, man. It's just stuff going into stuff.
And we can't really have that with family for kids are watching this stuff.
You want to watch some guy and gal put a huge ball in a fucking shoot and everybody's fucking it and then there's baseball and it's just so horny.
I think it's only horny for you, Sammy.
All right, I mean, you won't last five minutes watching this game show is where I'm coming from and I want something to not turn me on for once.
Chick-fil-A known for its fried chicken sandwiches.
Chick-fil-A is the second sandwich is the latest company outside the entertainment industry to moving the making its own originals that joins the likes of Lyft,
which produced shows such as Lucky Lyft, which is not the taxi thing with the game show.
The taxi thing with the game show. It's not game show taxi thing.
I think it's exactly that. They're just ripping off a very popular.
Well, I don't know how popular it is anymore, but Cash Cap was I'm guessing it's just cash cap.
You don't know that the game show hosted by Bob the drag queen and Airbnb.
It's previously produced documentary Gay Core is deep south that aired on MTV from Gay Core is deep south to not cash camp.
What can't lift an Airbnb do Chick-fil-A, which operates over 3000 restaurants in the U.S.
has previously produced content for its own site, including stories of evergreen hills.
Oh my gosh, they're already in the fucking content game and I didn't even know it.
Let's see if we can find a clip.
I'd love to see some of these stories.
Oh, we're in luck.
This is beautiful.
Look at this one, Sam. Oh my God.
Is that an egg? Careful, CeCe. That was Nana's.
Whoa, this looks basically like an animation studio that I wrote something for at one point.
I'm sorry, Mom.
Honey, a little help?
Is this just Hallmark for kids?
Yeah, I'll be right back.
I can't. I just don't care.
What are you? Look at this heartwarming child. They're upset.
All right, and the interest of not getting a copyright ping will just do a story of pictures here.
The little girl gives the mom a present, which makes her go to Chick-fil-A,
where they're making cupcakes and mousses, but some kids don't have a good Christmas,
until they go to the time shop and they time travel all the way forward to Antarctica.
And in there, they go into that one Scorsese movie where they're in the train station
and it kind of looks like this.
And then she gets a little gift.
And then they go to Chick-fil-A again.
And that's fucking beautiful.
Stories of Evergreen Hill.
It's a wild name.
Prozette commercial animation.
I wonder if... Let me just check one thing.
Is that literally the same thing I wrote for?
Wow, this has 2.5 million views.
So about a year ago, I mentioned I was writing a weird YouTube kids thing
that had a bunch of Marvel characters in it, and it actually is different.
But you fucking wrote this?
You fucking wrote baby time racer kids?
Yeah, it was you?
Yeah, I wrote baby time racer kids.
The Hot Wheels Baby Time Racer Kid universe is actually a case Blackwell original.
Wow.
From the, from cases pen to your screen,
Spider-Man to in Flippedi-Whees.
2.5 million views.
So you must have seen a fat chick from that.
You know what, I'll be, I was actually very fairly compensated for that particular writing job.
So zero complaints from me.
It is a little different.
I'm going to pretend that the thing I wrote is way higher quality.
Are there the normal amount of Ben Dick jokes in it?
No, believe it or not.
There were notes on almost every joke I wrote for that,
even though they were very family friendly.
Well look, you know, nobody knows comedy better than the brand management team
at Marvel, Disney, Universal, and every subsidiary that they own.
Yeah, I don't, you can make your kids watch it.
It exists.
I'm very grateful to Mattel for reaching out and working with me.
And that's what I'll say about that piece of children's entertainment.
It's educational.
It is, oh no, it's about racing cars.
But it does feature Spider-Man and also Star Wars in separate videos.
All right.
Well, if you want more of this style of content,
don't rely on Los Angeles perverts like Case to write stuff for your children.
Rely on good old, you know, middle America chicken monopoly,
sandwich people that love Jesus to make you game shows
and little animations where kids lose their presence
and get them back and go to Chick-fil-A.
Classic American stuff.
And maybe we can finally make some sense in this country, you know.
It's meant to be for kids.
America's meant to be for kids.
America is meant to be a theme park for children.
And we've lost those core values that really made this country great.
Oh, you have to do a song, Sammy.
Ah, shit.
All right.
Uh, exclamation point flash poll.
What should Sammy's second song be?
Oh, shit, I did it wrong.
Just know that this poll is what should Sammy's second song be.
I accidentally hit N too soon.
Sammy, now it just says what should Sammy?
But the question, pick a song name.
I mean, obviously we're beholding to whatever you do pick,
but exclamation point O is how you fill it out
and I do have to sing whatever you write as a song.
You get how it works.
I get how it fucking works.
Making that sell animation might be the jobs AI is taking.
Yes, that very well could be the jobs that AI is taking.
Diamonds in the souls of his elbows.
That's fucking beautiful, man.
That's poetry.
I like the way you kiss me.
Who let the dogs out?
I could just do who let the dogs out.
Bye-bye-bye.
And my heart will go on.
I like that several of those are just songs.
I can just sing a fucking song for once.
I don't do all the loop-de-loot.
No, we would have to still use our classic method here
and make it about you, Sammy.
But using the original song.
I can't just sing who let the dogs out.
That's a classic.
It's a beautiful song.
Or my heart will go on.
I love that sentiment.
Sometimes I'm like, what if I died,
but they put my fucking heart in a jar
and then that shit just kept going forever.
It's like, I can tell my kids like my heart will always be with you
because it's in their fucking fridge.
Diamonds in the Souls of His Elbows
is what actually took it.
Is that in reference to a different song?
Diamonds in the Soul of His Elbows.
My lack of music literacy.
Diamonds on the Souls of Her Shoes.
Okay, the Paul Simon song.
How did I not realize that it was called that?
He's a poor boy.
Empty as a pocket.
Empty as a pocket.
I do not know this song very well, honestly.
You don't know Diamonds on the Souls of Her Shoes?
Diamonds on the Souls of Her Shoes.
Diamonds on the Souls of Her Shoes.
Do I get to do all the African parts too?
Because that's been a long time dream of mine.
Sammy, I don't appreciate you phrasing it that way
and you can only do the lead vocals.
And we might not have the choral backing of this particular.
Depending on the instrumental we find.
This is so low-key.
Diamonds on the Souls of Her Shoes.
I feel like I can kind of just sing whatever over this.
Diamonds on the Souls of Her Shoes.
Yeah, if Paul Simon can do it, I can fucking do it.
I don't know this song at all.
I've heard this song, but I barely know this song.
Make sure to fully button up your shirt.
Oh, you should. Let's go one button up, Sammy, in honor of Paul Simon.
I get to sense Sammy is just going to kind of be singing whatever over this.
Yeah, we should look this professional all the time.
Can we start wearing a fucking tie?
It's too much work. How to put on a tie all the time?
There's no work ethic left in this country.
Case doesn't even ever want to put on a tie again.
Look at this dancing. This shit rocks.
Look at them go. Boom!
This fucking classic ass dancing.
I like this video because it sort of feels like it is kind of watered onto a set
and we're like, eh, no free style it.
That's the vibe I'm going to bring to this reimagining of this song.
It is five fucking minutes long.
Can I do like a three minute version?
Yeah, we might not do all six minutes of Diamonds on the Souls of Her Shoes,
but with elbows instead.
All right.
We'll use the old AI Rooney logs
and see if it adds any extra flavor to this
to make this particular song.
Here, Sammy, you can prompt chat GPT if you want
to write these beautiful lyrics for you.
All right.
Please write a parody of the song
Diamonds on the Souls of Her Shoes
by Paul Simon,
but it's called Diamonds on the Souls of His Elbows.
Make it about a cool guy from fucking New York,
and I won't say fucking, but there's no one's in there,
who gets it, gets a lot of it,
and is attractive, and not that old.
And his kids like him.
Yeah, he's made mistakes, but who hasn't?
Get off my fucking back.
I won't say fucking because it'll get mad at me.
All right, that should work.
That should fucking work.
I guess.
It's a little angry, but it seems like a pretty mellow song.
I'm not fucking huge about how good of a guy I am.
I fucking chill, man.
I'm fucking chill.
Okay, okay.
This is a nice chill song for you, in that case.
All right, it looks like we're loaded up
with the recording software.
The Bin Studio is ready to go.
Whoa, look at it recorded that, no problem.
Check, check, is it working?
Hello?
Please work for me.
A check, check, check.
Yeah, it's recording.
Paul Simon had Rageonum, I believe it.
The mellowest always do.
Okay, Diamonds on the Souls of Her Shoes
instrumental is all we need.
And again, I don't really know how this song goes.
I don't think Sammy does either.
So, he might just be kind of mumbling over this, I'm afraid.
But that's not going to stop us.
Sammy, you ready?
I'm always fucking born ready, man.
I'm fucking good to go.
Swirl up my voice a little bit so we don't have to do it later.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, it's fucking me, Sammy.
Diamonds on the Souls of the Stuff.
Diamonds is too much.
Too much, I got diamonds.
There we go.
Yeah, it's just fucking good.
Yeah, you know what?
Let's do it like this.
Diamonds, yeah, there it is.
All right, play me this fucking song.
Instrumental.
Yeah.
Oh, it's got the backing.
All right, where these lyrics at?
Hey.
Oh, yeah.
Diamonds on the Souls of His Elbows.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Diamonds on the Souls of His Elbows.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Elbows, elbows actually.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Elbows just to correct you again.
Elbows.
Yeah, yeah.
Elbows just to correct you again.
Elbows.
Elbows.
Nice elbows.
None other elbows.
All right.
Elbows.
That's beautiful.
All right.
No, it really starts for real though.
Yeah.
Woo.
He's a cool guy.
He walked through the streets in New York.
With a swagger there, he's been around the block.
You know what I mean?
Maybe he's made a few mistakes,
but oh, hasn't in his world for goodness sakes.
Yeah, he's not that old, but he's got some charm.
Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Oh, yeah, you know that he's got that charm.
Oh, whoa, whoa.
And those diamonds shining bright on the crook of his arm.
Of his arm.
You might think it's odd, but let me tell you this.
I'm telling y'all, he gets it, and he gets it a lot.
And that's just bliss.
You can say that he's got diamonds on the soles of his elbows, actually.
He's got diamonds on the soles of his elbows.
And the kids say, Dad, you're cool, so just let it go.
We'll see.
And maybe he slipped the time at all,
but you know who hasn't got off his back?
He's got diamonds on the soles of his elbows.
Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Yeah, the kids say, Dad, you're cool.
Just let it go.
Okay.
Well, maybe he slipped just a time or two, but haven't we all?
And who hasn't got off his back?
You know that it's true.
He's got diamonds on the soles of his elbows.
Yes, I do.
From uptown to downtown, he's making the waves.
Now looking for trouble, he's riding the craze.
Attractive, sure.
And you know he's still got it.
Cause he's been places.
He's won the race.
And he's full of his elbows.
Don't I, Case?
I guess.
I'm rocking fucking diamonds on these elbows' soles.
Boom, boom, boom.
Boom.
And his kids up, pissed at him sometimes, but that's not going to let him down.
Cause he's got diamonds on the soles of his fucking elbows.
Do you want to be done?
I don't, I don't really know where I am in this song.
It's like 12 minute long song.
It's six minutes, Sammy.
I don't fucking know, man.
But I'm probably, what am I, what do you fucking want from me?
I don't know.
You can, you can stop.
I'm fucking doing this.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Well, he's not won four apologies, but he sure does score.
A life's better dance, but he's still ready for more.
The people they look, they stare, they talk behind his fucking back,
but he's walking tall, diamonds gleaming so.
Cause, oh boy, some slack, not a saint, but he's got some grace.
Living his life, keeping his own pace.
His kids stand tall, proud as can be, saying, yeah, our dad,
check it, check out him.
You know he's living free.
And I say, kids, that's the way that you,
you're trying to respite.
And I got diamonds on the soles of my elbows.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I got diamonds on the soles of my elbows.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And that was a classic fade out.
I did the fade out for you.
No notes, Sammy.
That was beautiful.
Fucking thank you.
That's what I'm saying.
Put me in movies.
You're just saying a song.
Yeah, but you know, put me in movies.
Voice like that.
Put me in fucking movies.
Put me in fucking movies.
I can't get this button.
I can't get this fucking button.
I also can't get this button.
I can't get this fucking button.
I'm having trouble with the button too, Sammy.
We're both having trouble with the fucking button.
We're both having fucking trouble with the, oh, case got it.
Case fucking got it.
Leaving me hanging here.
Sorry, I got it a little before you.
Triple threat, that's true.
Knives, guns, and singing.
Sammy, help Casey in case I'm Sammy.
I should have helped you first.
That's like plain etiquette.
I'm gonna run and die.
I'm gonna go in the open first.
I told you fucking cold, you rascally ass, you little piece of shit,
I'll fucking kill you.
That's all the time we have for now.
It was a beautiful show.
We had some fun.
We had some laughs.
But that's all we had time for right now.
You little fucking guys.
You crazy fucking guys, I love you guys.
Okay, let's send it down to the back of the convention floor
where Dr. Chath is speaking.
Some people argue that Dr. Chath
in the language of whatever happens to be in chat. I say that's never been proven.
And I think he's a great therapist. One of the best therapists in the world.
Let me make sure this is working appropriately. Okay.
Um, Jeff, how is it going down there on the convention room floor, by the way?
You know, it's... they're still talking.
Um, technically, I think there's supposed to be someone
currently talking. Some people are telling me there should be a person currently giving a speech
if this was real. But I'm here and I can confirm we're just waiting for Dr.
Chath to talk. Interesting. That's the kind of coverage you can only get here.
There's piss on the podium. Oh, you pissed on the podium. Well, don't tell Dr.
Chath. Maybe he'll smell it, but nobody seemed to care that I... I straight up unleashed. Hell,
on my single, single unleashed piss. And I did. And they seem to be letting it slide, so
lucky me. Okay. Well, Dr. Chath is supposedly down there and ready to give his speech.
Whoa, what the fuck? Wrong button, everybody. We're not actually going to Dr.
Chath's office, apologies. We're going to the convention room floor.
Uh, too many buttons. There it is. Let's send it down to Dr. Chath, who's a...
who's one of the big speakers for today. A lesser surprise speaker maybe than the one
everybody was counting on, but he is down there. Los Hollywood. Los Hollywood.
Los Hollywood. Los Hollywood. Make a September sub goal. Make a September sub goal. I thought I was
the doctor was a registered independent. Crowd sizes, huh? Crowd sizes? Piss. Somebody say ho,
who? Mr. Mark Hamill. Everybody scream. Someone forgot to flush. Make America golden again.
I'm Kamala is truly committed to a two-party solution for the war on Palestine.
Shouldn't we stop arming and funding Israel's genocide first? You're all under arrest.
Neo-Maxi Zoom, Dweeby. They're not... Okay. I'm JD Vance, by the way. I'm JD Vance. There's a time
when the operation of the machine becomes so odious, makes you sick at heart that you can't
take part. Peace for everybody. Autobots roll out. Who wants donuts? Why are you like this?
You're all terrible. But I love you. Kamala Harris. Tastes so good. Cats ask for it by name. I say peace
on all sides of the coin. I love couches. Pronounce his name. Yurilocus. How much wood could a woodchuck
chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood? As much wood as a woodchuck could chuck if a woodchuck
could chuck wood? There are real questions every American wants to know. Breaks Jeff.
1,000 people sitting down someplace not letting anybody... By not letting anything happen can
stop any machine, including this machine, and it will stop. If you don't vote for me, you aren't
American. It's an honor to be at the Cuck Olympics. I could slob down on a thick, juicy
Porteos with all the sport peppers. The sun is getting kicked out of the DNC. How do you feel
about that? The people you don't like are loud, like a leaf blower. Sir, I'm going to need you
to stop crying. We love Joe. But does Joe love us? Jones barbecue and foot massage.
Jones barbecue and foot massage. You better come down here, get some this shit. I hate
Mondays. Am I right? Hey, would you blow me? How anyone checked in on Joe, the plumber
lately? Clap if you love cocaine. Everyone joined me after this for a thick slab of
zah from Lou Melatties. Everyone. Everyone. I think it's like 10,000 spoons when all you
need is a knife. Jet skis should be called motorcycles. Cock. I guess that's the end
of the speech. Oh, he said breakthrough. I cut away before he could say breakthrough,
but he said breakthrough when he walked off stage. Jeff, how'd that go over in the
room? Mix reactions. Some of it they loved. Some of it they kind of just were looking at each other
and on their phones. And at no point did anyone particularly care about anything at all here.
They're mostly just here to clap and they got to do that. And I think that's a huge success.
Well, there you have it. They got to clap at the DNC. That's what we love to see here in this country,
and that's what they got to do. Excellent work, Dr. Chath. There were a lot of tears. Some people
were very upset, but that's just the price of democracies. Sometimes you're just moved
to weeping by the beauty of the art of oration. Isn't that right, Papito?
Hmm? Chicken cheeseburger. I'm trying to do a speech, too. Chicken cheeseburger. Have you ever had... We can.
Do... Can you give me a chicken cheeseburger? That's your practicing speech?
Chicken cheeseburger, please. Can we? What's a chicken cheeseburger? Figure out that. That's
what we're here to figure out. And America can. Give me it. Well, that's a platform I can actually
agree with. That's probably all the time we have for the day. Let's see who's on to raid.
We can chicken cheeseburger. We can also raid psychor, which we will do now. You know, it's him
and Obama. The great orators of our time. I gotta... Sometimes I forget the R, and then who knows who
I'm raiding. Psychor is evil cousin. Psychor! Thanks for hanging out. We ended up getting a solid two and
a half in. We did a solid two and a half. Patreon is in an hour and 15 minutes, so... Gonna have a
little food and do some work. Did Hassan really get kicked out of the DNC? Looks like he's still there.
Is it, is this done? I think he's, I think he's just there. But he's still walking around. He's so tall.
I get why people like him. He's just so tall. People like tall people. Yeah, he's a big guy.
He's a big guy. Gotta love a big guy. He's a big guy. Yeah, for sure. Okay, have fun with psychor.
I'll see you in a bit if you are a Patreon member, me and CastleBee. Maybe recovering
some of this news, but probably some other stuff too. Until then, have a great day. I think I'll be
back on tomorrow unless I get swamped again. Exactly, the cream.team or patreon.com slash
the cream underscore team. Okay everybody, we'll see you later. Bye-bye!