I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show, and now it is live, and I'm a dog.
Pean is getting punched off, son.
We're live in ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one. Let's do this!
I'm Pepito!
Oh my god, I've got a tiny section of Kendall.
Live on the... What? Don't go? Don't go?
Is that this side doing this side?
Yeah, yeah.
There we go.
Kendall has requested that I talk to some skeletons, and I can do that.
I think.
Wait, where'd they go?
Where are the spooky-ooky skeletons?
No, they're around.
It's gone!
Still, you have to have faith in the spooky-spooky skeletons.
Oh, look at this one.
Guys, there's a couple of skeletons in the studio, just so you know.
Hey man. Oh no!
Where's our song?
Stop playing this new shit.
Where's our actual song?
This is my life, dude. I need...
What the hell? No, my friend!
Okay, here we go.
Okay, now put in something Christmas for the Filipinos.
Something Christmas?
Yeah.
It's Filipino Christmas?
Yeah, it starts September 1st.
What the hell? Already?
Yeah.
That's kind of insane.
Lee Cool!
Great, culture is beautiful.
Oh, here we go.
Tell all the Filipinos, Merry Christmas!
Hey man, just wanted to say...
Uh, yes?
Merry Christmas to all the Filipinos.
I'm a Filipino Christmas tree, and you can't prove that that's not true.
You sound pretty American.
You think I can't be Filipino-American Christmas tree?
That's my bed.
That is my bed.
Kendall, anything you want to ask the Filipino-American Christmas tree?
Yeah.
Ask it if we can actually speak in the Tagalog accent for all the Filipinos.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's all I can do.
That's all you know? You know more?
I'm a tree. I'm limited in my vocabulary.
I've exhausted it.
It's not safe for trees to speak in certain accents.
Because it's bad for our foliage.
Foyleage? Foyleage.
What's another Filipino phrase?
Say I'm gay, or you're gay.
You're gay.
No pressure to come back out.
But I briefly made smoke packs in Chicago last time I did a Chicago sketch fest.
This time I think it will be October 2nd.
Anywho, uh, S1000, big J-Dub, good to see all of you.
Hope you're having a great one.
You'll send someone again?
Yes, send us.
Also, working on some stuff with the sketch group
but hopefully we'll be able to announce around the same time
a slightly larger project that we've been putting together.
A person with a small-arton skeleton hanging from their neck is somehow scarier?
Skeletons are scary in general. Let's be real.
Sketch Comedy is live. Comedy is back.
Okay. Who knows how much time I have today?
It's already almost five.
So, I better get to all this important news.
No one else talks about the news online actually, so if I don't do it, nobody will.
It's news time.
See, I can do Wednesdays too.
Hello everyone, welcome to the middle of the news.
News happens in a week-long format.
That's the way reality is structured.
That's the way news enters your brain.
And I'm here at the center of that storm to tell you everything that's happening.
Every single thing. All of it.
That matters.
Reject the rest.
Jeff Hooper.
Oh, what?
Actually, I like the hype train.
We got mad. Well, I don't like to be interrupted.
Unless it's by the hype train. Not all of us are haters' case.
I'm not a hater. He just shows up and does whatever he wants every time.
It seems slightly rude to me.
What?
What is rude about keeping this place alive with my good will?
That's a really fair point, Case.
What would we do without this train?
Would we get less subs without this train?
Yes! It's hard to say.
I'm saying yes.
You know it's true, Case. I'm keeping this place together.
What do you want to talk about today?
Pissing on fruit?
Why would you want to talk about that?
That's my whole thing about pissing on fruit I was going to do.
Now I'm not talking about it.
That was your plan.
Yeah, and I'm not afraid you admit that.
Oh, well, now that he says it, I would have loved to have heard about his urination on various produce.
Only fruit.
Piss fruit?
Yeah, I was going to rap about piss fruit.
But now I'm just rapping about the bags of sand that they used to keep cartons up in old theaters.
Why would you rap? There's not enough to talk about there.
Don't get mad at me before I've even started.
I've always wondered, what's the deal with all those bags of sand that people get hit with in movies when they're backstage in some sort of spy thriller?
They're bags of sand that are used for the cartons. That's all that's going on there.
Nope. Give me a theatrical type vaudeville type beat.
Seems a little slightly redundant.
Stop complaining so much about everything. Jesus Christ.
Theatrical type vaudeville type beat.
I don't spell the word vaudeville enough.
I always forget about that extra E in there, you know?
There's two.
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Piss fruit ninja, the secret game hype train is doing via work for right now.
Piss fruit ninja?
Is that a thing you're making, hype train?
Not anymore, now that you pooched it, case.
Jeff brought it up.
No, I was just was reporting.
Yeah, he got it, that information from you.
But now it's been spoiled so there's no point.
I'm firing all the developers, had a AAA studio locked down, but now Piss Fruit Ninja is never coming out.
That's on you, hype train.
Or it's on irresponsible journalism, okay? See everything about that?
No, well you should.
Cuz you do the news? Barely.
Oh, fuck you.
Jeff and I are in full agreement here.
I have to drink more water.
That's fair.
This does not look like theatrical vaudeville type beats.
These look like the exact same usual beats that we get.
Okay.
This is an attack.
Yes, Mr. President.
I'm Jim, 300 shiny, tasty coins, and I've been dying to say this.
I subscribed to the bag of sand newsletter and spent my 20s on vaudeville.
Resomed as to subhypertrain.
You know, much like many politicians, hype train is speaking to an audience of one.
I'm not even in politics case.
I'm in.
Kiss your dick.
Oh, that's a bold new form of politics.
Nah, it's different.
So pissing on your dick is different, okay?
Well, a lot of people in the politics, they vote in Democratic, Democratically, and all that shit.
I ain't really into this.
Mostly what I like to do is I like to rip up my trains that can piss on your dick.
Do you understand, bitch?
I do.
What do you understand, Jeff?
He's not into politics.
And that's what you took away from that?
Mostly?
Sure.
Bags of piss were used to hold up the curtains.
What a surprise, hype train.
It was actually some hot piss.
Surprise!
I'm learning a lot.
I really like what's happening, case.
What's your take?
I don't need it.
You don't need to know.
Hello, Panther.
That's my girlfriend, Jeff.
Actually says she likes you.
Brother told you that I'm actually in kind of an open situation.
Well, it's a Panther, so I'm a guy.
I'd have to pass.
That's fair, as long as we're all open about it.
As long as the situation right now has to watch, by the way.
Panther, why?
Jeff, picture this.
Ripple at the spot.
My Panther comes in with the paws looking high.
That ain't that Panther drop.
And I say, baby, come on, let's take it to the top.
Cause I'm in a skyscraper and I'm on the top floor.
Have you ever seen a parent house this nice before?
Have you ever let a Panther pull down your drawers?
Come on, Jeff.
I think it's time that you score.
I'm a guy.
I saw you're painting a beautiful picture,
but I simply can't do it, hype train.
That's fine.
It's storytelling, baby.
And the Panther is sublime.
And I actually didn't mind because she's not mine.
I don't believe in ownership like that.
It's my girlfriend, but I still let you have another at that.
Because actually it's all about the jealousy, man.
You gotta open your mind so you can come in your hands.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, what?
What was that last part?
Okay.
Well, I can't though, because again, it's an animal.
I think it was Socrates that said that.
All dresses are monkey.
Sounds about right.
Sounds about right.
Oh my God, it's the president.
Give a trash just, man.
Yes, sir.
I think I took a wrong turn back there.
I'm just looking for a loose fit to cut in half.
I got the need to solve in half of my stream of justice.
That would be a cool video game.
Absolutely, Mr. President.
You should get into the gaming industry.
You've already conquered all the other worlds.
Jazz?
Public speaking.
Public speaking?
You conquered jazz?
I remember when Biden conquered jazz.
Oh, those were the days.
Sug life, Panda.
A freestyle tight beat, grit and glory.
Really doing good work on YouTube.
These not algorithmically generated images of just stuff.
I like to think someone's picking these out.
Whenever they finish their human-made beat,
that they've carefully slaved over.
Let's see what else we got.
What else did we get from typing in vaudeville type beat?
Theatrical type of vaudeville type rap beat.
Oh, we got this, actually.
Have we shown this before, Case?
Oh man, I don't know if we've ever shown this before.
You guys have ever seen a video like this before?
Venom with the purple drink?
Have you heard about that case that Tom Hardy does rap now?
Actually, yeah, you know, that's appropriate to whatever you're doing.
You thought that the hype train was the only guy
surprisingly rapping all the time?
We're blending this segment with the news now.
Actually, I have some subs to think, Case.
I don't know if there's time for this.
No, there's not time for this!
When there's actually a thing to show?
It's too late, hype train.
You brought it up.
Now we have to watch Tom Hardy rap.
Okay, I don't even know which of these guys is Tom Hardy
because I think he might be wearing a mask.
Which one is Tom Hardy?
Zarface and Frankie Pulitzer with Method Man.
What? They got Method Man?
Which one's Tom Hardy?
None of these guys look like Tom Hardy.
If this is Tom Hardy, then he's good.
Although maybe it's Tom Hardy.
As good as Method Man is, I need to see Tom Hardy.
That's not Tom Hardy. It looks a little like him.
Oh, wait, wait, is this him?
He's doing optical illusion face.
Not my contact.
He doesn't want to masturbate to Kathy Bates?
Anyway, that's Bane rapping.
So I'm just saying, it's for everybody.
Everybody loves to do this.
Everybody?
Every single train and Tom Hardy loves to rap.
Can you think the subs though hype train?
You don't have that much time left.
That's not true.
I'm going to have minutes left.
You know a hummingbird is only alive for 60 seconds?
That's not true.
I'm just saying life moves differently.
Life moves pretty fast.
I don't like this beat.
Give me this woody, slow smoking type beat.
You want to beat a switch to this?
Honestly, Woody's got some pretty subtle face tats here.
It's true for the last 60 seconds?
That's true for the last 60 seconds.
We all only live for 60 seconds.
That's what the movie Gone In 60 Seconds is about.
That's not true.
What happened to Woody here?
This is a Woody who's been through a lot.
He's been through a bit more than your average Woody.
I still love the smell.
Okay, give the graphics again for the 12 minutes ago.
Coming in with smoke pack.
Oh, we got Uncle Phil to cake.
Coming in 16 minutes ago.
Okay, bones, what they say.
And I love to see it okay.
41 months, they've been subscribed.
But I think they've been here every day.
Okay, give the graphics.
Thank you so much for showing so much love.
The gift is up to Fruity.
Coming in hot from above.
You can go cash again.
Oh my God, that's the perfect friend.
Come into these subs because
I drank them again.
I'm a jammed 300 shiny tasty coins.
I've been dying to say this.
Everybody done seen things.
I'm normal things.
Oh my God, I think that body speaks the truth.
He embodies every time that he comes through.
Because he is a little child's friend.
He put me because he has seen way too many lives.
And then when they die there's a check.
Here's the thing, if you catch by gist.
They end up on the ground fucking booty.
Meaning they stiff, that's right.
They dead and voicing it all.
But that's not all I've seen.
I've seen Google Trash drop a hundred bits.
Because they keep this shit so clean.
And they did it again.
Time to, every time that Google Trash comes through.
They dropping so much money.
They could fucking drown.
Screwed.
Okay, damn trend.
Thank you as well for the hundred bits from him.
Bubble sprout coming in again with a hundred bits.
Goddamn as well we got Google Trash again with a gift itself too.
Hurts when I pee.
And it hurts when I pee.
Because it hurts so good baby.
I'm gonna build you gay.
Come on, mate.
They drop three hundred bits all day.
Just like Woody grabs the AK and lets that shit spray.
Did you know that case?
That Woody is a mass murderer.
Every time that he shows up he's killing her, her and her.
Awful women.
No, no, no, just a mad one case.
He killed three.
That's not great.
Well, you know it's not good to kill people.
I'm saying, you know he's twisted.
Woody?
Woody's twisted.
Woody?
What happened to Woody?
He's a killer now.
Just because he's got some face tats?
Yeah, every tat represents another, another Woody murder.
But you know he's got his reasons.
Oh, he's got his reasons?
Woody has his reasons, reasons for doing killings.
Why, Woody did change.
This is a Woody from a different universe.
He was actually always a little like this.
alternate universe Woody.
Yeah, he's from the...
The crypto universe?
It's a universe where crypto is really working.
Nothing else it is.
That's where I'm from originally.
You're originally from the crypto universe.
Don't just repeat what he says, case.
Well, I don't know what else to say to that, Jeff.
You're making fun of my home universe?
You've never mentioned the crypto universe before.
Well, it's a non-fungible universe.
It's backed up completely by the blockchain.
And if you want to get involved, you can.
You don't have a coin?
I don't have a coin.
I've got a whole crypto universe that I'm from.
And if you want to get involved, you could.
I mean, that's where this version of SpongeBob and Squidward and the Starfish guy are from.
Starfish guy? You mean Patrick?
Maybe in that universe it's called the Starfish guy case in the crypto universe?
Are you even paying attention?
Barely.
I'm really not.
I expect everyone to immediately tell me where they're from.
No, I was surprised where he's from because I didn't know the crypto universe existed.
And that's how short-sighted case is.
I have trained...
Thank you for thanking everyone.
But, um...
I don't want you promoting crypto scams on my stream.
You just called my whole universe a scam.
Oh, dude.
Oh, cut the beat.
I don't even want to talk to you anymore.
You were telling me they could get involved.
Yeah, they could get on the crypto universe chain.
And there is a crypto token that you need to get to my universe.
And you do have to invest substantially.
And it is going to the moon.
Because we do have a moon.
This beat involves some yelling at us.
You thought he lived in hell?
You're saying hell also mines crypto?
Hell does also mine crypto, that's true.
But I wasn't...
I was born in hell.
But I was raised in the crypto universe.
What?
Yeah, you know, I...
My formative years were spent in the crypto universe.
But I was born in hell.
You can drink coffee?
Yeah, but it has to appear in my mouth.
I don't have to explain all this to you.
Hellcoin is on Coinbase?
Yeah, but that's not from the crypto universe.
It's not?
Your crypto isn't from the crypto universe.
We have better crypto.
And honestly, the Sam Bankman friend...
Sam Bankman friend?
No, I wasn't going to tell you about Sam Bankman friend.
In his universe, it's Sam Bankman friend.
The friend to the people.
I guess so.
Man, we never even let this beat drop.
Maybe it never does.
Is it going to drop?
I don't know.
Maybe not.
This guy looks so upset.
Do you think it's because the beat never drops?
It's hard to say.
This is the no trespassing type beat.
Nevermind, it dropped.
It dropped pretty hard.
Did you zip up your pants?
Believe it or not, that was my nose.
The sandpiss bags are full of crypto?
Sure.
Crypto sand.
In the crypto verse, anything can be crypto, including sand.
Because every grain of sand is unique.
I guess.
It is case.
I can't, okay.
You were about to say the S word.
I almost did, but let's not.
Can we do that?
Are we still allowed to do that?
I don't fucking know.
All I know is I'm a newsman.
If you put a story in front of me, I can't help.
But read the shit out of it.
Alright?
Fair enough.
The US Pentagon.
That's the one here.
Not in LA, but in this country.
Yes, I understand.
The US Pentagon issues clinical guidelines
on troop testosterone screening
to start when?
Immediately, where in luck?
Girls jumping on trampolines?
If it's part of the screening process,
maybe they will show you girls jumping on trampolines
and then measure your T levels,
and if they're not high enough,
you're out of the military?
I don't think they can do that.
I think it's just so that you can get more T.
Can you get more T from watching girls in trampolines?
Well, we'd have to investigate using the S word,
but we're not allowed to do that, apparently.
Shit?
That would be our investigation style, but no.
The US Pentagon has issued detailed guidance on Wednesday
for a new, brand new,
mandatory,
wait, I lost the story entirely in this monitor,
for a new mandatory testosterone deficiency screening policy
for active duty and reserve service members
aged 30 and older,
a follow-up to Defense Secretary Pete Hegses
July announcement.
Is this always complaining about how Gen Z's low T
or Gen, whatever the young generation is?
Gen, whatever the young generation is.
Is that what you think it's called?
Is this Alpha?
I'm just saying, why only us 30 and older guys?
Lumping yourself in with 30 in world's no case?
Well, I'm 30 and up, aren't I?
I guess so.
The guidance, which is effective immediately,
establishes standardized screening
and treatment pathways for men and women
that the Pentagon says are aimed at improving military readiness
by identifying, managing, uh,
hormonal and energy availability issues.
Is it safe to...?
They're measuring women's testosterone levels, too?
Maybe I should get real sexist on me, case?
I just didn't...
Aren't they kind of like all weird about giving women testosterone?
Isn't that a big conservative talking point?
This is a military talking point, case.
This isn't about politics.
It's not. It has to do with the military.
Leave politics out of the military giving people testosterone, case.
Women got to get those levels up?
Apparently.
Heavy drinking lowers testosterone levels.
That's why they don't measure it in, like, the FBI or CIA.
Rick's gonna be...
You know what, he'd probably agree with that.
Keep, uh...
Hegseth, who has promoted the use of testosterone,
announced the mandate last month, raising questions among experts.
Whether there was a basis for such a policy,
you know, a methodology, if you will,
or having trouble escaping the S-word today,
and not shit, yes, exactly.
Uh, well, how are they measured?
What are the qualifications?
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration plans to hold a meeting of experts
to discuss medical use of testosterone in mid-September.
According to the guidance, men age 30 and older
will receive testosterone blood tests,
while younger men will be tested only on request,
or if clinicians identify warning signs,
so you can get riddled with testosterone if you're younger,
but you gotta wanna do it.
Plenty of tests of 20-year-olds do...
do that, so maybe this is an incentive
if you wanted to, uh, get on that juice,
join the military.
Sabrichi says it's all a conspiracy.
They really wanna raise rates of male pattern baldness,
so they don't feel so bad about having it.
Bald King's out there.
You're high T enough to enter the military, as is, so...
Everything's a trade-off.
More T, less hair.
You're telling me I could lose 10% of my beard
if my testosterone gets even higher than it already is?
Have you had your testosterone measured?
Every day as I look into this monitor, it's measured.
By the crucible of news,
every day I passed with the highest T flying colors.
The army needs Mr. T.
Well, they're getting some mystery T instead.
Fuck you, case.
For women, the guidance does not mandate routine testosterone blood tests,
but it calls for screening of fatigue and disrupted menstrual cycles
that can be associated with hormonal dysregulation
and conditions called low energy availability
and relative energy deficiency in sport.
This is military, though, to be clear.
Not sport.
They're gonna measure women's menstrual cycles?
Four?
Well, just to be so they can be careful around them for a week.
Seems a little sexist. It seems that way.
But what if it's law?
Oh, then it can't be.
Get some nuts, fool.
They're not giving the women those yet.
Maybe by request?
Well, traditionally again.
I'm just saying the politics on this are a bit confusing for
someone like Pete Hegseth who's sort of obsessed with testosterone replacement treatments
under different contexts.
He seems pretty gung-ho for it in this context.
Context, so important.
The document lays out guidelines, the high T document,
for when it is appropriate to prescribe off-label testosterone in women.
What does off-label mean?
Like independent testosterone?
Yeah. Yeah, like a modest-mouth style testosterone.
Right.
Doctors have raised concerns that broad testosterone testing could lead to
unnecessary or potential harmful treatment,
saying there is little evidence that universal screening
for low testosterone among military personnel
could improve U.S. combat readiness.
Reporting for this was done by Christy Santhosh.
We're just throwing that in there.
Thanks to Christy for the important work.
Osuary Odyssey, thank you for subscribing.
And we won't be forcing you to take testosterone tests on this stream
yet, until we get a military sponsorship at which point
you will get one in the mail. Please do it.
We're not getting it. We're not. Don't worry about that.
That's not happening.
With that attitude, it never will.
Keep your politics out of their fascism?
I mean, it's a fair critique.
How? I don't know, but I've heard it a lot.
And I agree.
Because if I hear something three times, I tend to agree.
I don't even, I just...
What is this, how is this going to help?
Well, when you're waiting to go to war case,
you've got to stay jacked, all right?
And if your testosterone is too low,
all those curls for the girls,
there may as well be curls for the...
curls, because your biceps will be so weak
they're going to make people puke.
What? All I'm saying is it's cool to have muscles.
But most of, so much of the military,
they like essentially work in the tech industry now.
And they like to do testosterone too.
That's true.
I'm just saying, wow, will this add anything?
Theoretically, there eventually will be guys
that we force to go die in a desert.
And we don't want them to show up looking not huge.
And girls, they just can't be on there.
They've got to not be on, you know,
they can't have periods anymore.
I don't know if that's actually what the story said.
I'm reading into it.
I don't really know what measuring their menstru...
If you're experiencing a menstrual cycle,
then we need to know about it
so that we can tell you that you better be high energy
or we'll give you drugs to make you high energy.
The point is energy and focus.
Are you anti... you're against the troops now?
I don't know if this is good for the troops, Jeff.
I don't think that most of their job necessitates them
to have extremely high levels of testosterone.
It's all about healthy aging, all right?
Or if you're in your 20s prepping for healthy aging
with high amounts of testosterone, I'm just saying
don't knock it till we've tried it en masse on millions of soldiers.
Okay, I guess I'll let...
I guess I'll let, you know, I can't say the word.
You really want to say that word today.
Well, Chet was on yesterday, we don't need to see him.
This just in the government is taking away women's...
Propaganda, I don't think that's...
Well, I don't know what they're doing, actually.
We can't... can neither confirm nor deny what they're doing
with women's menstrual cycles in the military currently,
but they are interested in them.
We can confirm that. They are tracking them now.
But frankly, I don't really think Pete Hexeth
is on top of really anything, so...
If I had to guess what's gonna happen here,
it's that they're gonna try this for like a couple weeks.
Some people are gonna get some testosterone shots
and then... I don't know.
I would be surprised if this is still a thing in like a year.
But what if it's awesome?
If it's awesome, then...
Well, maybe troops will love the testosterone, I don't know.
Obviously, we all want to create the situation
where the opening cinematic from Starcraft 2 is a thing.
But I just don't have faith for Hexeth to get there.
You need a day pass to have a menstrual cycle?
Yeah, you do. If you get to go on leave, I guess.
They're tracking periods like they tracked Osama bin Laden.
I mean, they tracked them eventually.
So that means it's gonna take them like...
7 plus years to track 10 years.
They'll track them down in 10 years.
They'll find a period within 10 years.
Okay, well, that's weird.
And I would guess that it will be an ineffective mess.
But who knows, maybe every soldier's gonna get tons of testosterone.
Speaking of stories that simply won't end...
Epstein.
That's still a thing.
It is?
I thought we moved on.
Not everyone's moved on.
Even congressmen who have been told that they have to move on
because they've lost their primaries because of being brutally outspent.
Anyway, apparently they're introducing more Epstein...
whatever transparency acts.
This is a gentleman from Kentucky, Mr. Massey.
Why is it so quiet?
Thank you, Madam Speaker.
I gotta bump this.
Congress created the Department of Justice.
Congress funds the Department of Justice.
And Congress is responsible for the full responsibility of the Department of Justice.
When will we see justice?
I'll tell you what I've not seen.
I've not seen any arrests from the revelations in the Epstein files.
Over three million documents describing horrible things,
describing unspeakable things.
Much of it redacted.
Over two dozen people have resigned.
CEOs, members of government worldwide.
Oh, they did. I missed that.
But I haven't seen any arrests or investigations here in the United States
from this Department of Justice.
Prince Andrew Duke of York,
who has since been stripped of his royalty,
his royal titles due to his affiliation with Jeffrey Epstein,
has been arrested.
Peter Mandelson, who previously served as UK's ambassador to the United States,
resigned in disgrace from United Kingdom's House of Lords and the Labor Party.
And he's been arrested.
Former Prime Minister here in Norway.
Tor Bjorn Jogland has been charged.
Not Tor Bjorn.
But we don't see any charges, arrests or investigations in the United States.
What do we see?
We see our FBI director celebrating in the locker room at the Olympics overseas.
It's fine to be proud of this country.
But we should be proud of this country because we have a system of justice that works.
And yet we do not.
Oh, no.
Who are the men that should be investigated?
I'll name them right here.
Leon Black.
You don't even have to see past the redactions.
He lists names such as Leon Black, David Copperfield.
I think he doesn't list the president probably notably,
which you think you might include if you're really trying to get that transparency going.
The president is inferred by the other names.
Crumb.
Yeah, he mentions crumb.
Oh, he gets crumb in there.
I'm assuming he gets crumb in there probably.
Obviously, we didn't watch the whole video because my attention span isn't long enough.
Because of TikTok, right?
But anyway, basically, he's introduced the Epstein transparency act.
Act two, literally just two.
A sequel.
A squeak-will.
An equal.
Crumb is in the Epstein files?
We did search his name once, and I think there was one result for crumb.
So yeah, I am not.
You can...
Okay, for me to be here.
I didn't agree for you to be here.
No one asked for you to be here crumb, but you are mentioning me and slandering me.
Okay, I know the new thing in the news is slander streamers relentlessly all day.
And are you defending Hasan Piker now?
No, I'm talking about Cutie Cinderella.
What?
You've got to stop mentioning Cutie Cinderella on CNN so much.
Hasan, I haven't looked into it.
Oh, okay.
But you can't just slander me like that, okay?
I'm not in there.
Give us the real story.
The real story is I did know a guy named Jeffrey Epstein in the 90s and early 2000s.
And mid-2000s and currently.
And I've sent several emails to Jabri Epstein.
And occasionally, because of my these fat fingers on the keyboard, I did fully email.
He also used JRE Vacation a lot.
Because he was a fan of the Joe Rogan experience and he'd listen to it on vacation.
So anyway, I would get those...
I'd get the email addresses confused and then my Google started auto-completing.
So I did send about 300 emails to Jeffrey Epstein by accident.
But they were all returned to sender because I literally didn't know him.
I couldn't even get a meeting.
So I'm not in there.
You couldn't get a meeting.
I didn't get a meeting.
I wouldn't.
I never wanted a meeting.
But you just said couldn't.
You did say couldn't.
Not everything.
This is a different...
This is Jabri Epstein, like the YouTuber.
Different guy, different...
I've also accidentally emailed Jabri the YouTuber a lot.
And again, I'm not a fan of his politics.
You're not a fan of Jabri's politics.
Well, you know, he's a little incisive for my taste.
Wow.
We just keep politics out of YouTube is my opinion.
We're on YouTube right now talking about politics.
Well, I just don't think it's inappropriate.
It's not always appropriate depending on the context.
So my point is I'm not in the Epstein.
I'm not in there.
All the emails were returned to sender.
And I will be getting my penis punched on Monday.
I will be getting my penis punched on Monday.
Okay?
Does that make you happy?
Send him home happy.
That's a rule of politics.
Okay?
No matter what happens anywhere in the world, send him home happy.
What am I hiding?
That's a great point case.
What are you hiding?
In what context?
There's something I'm hiding right now.
I've been trying to hide it in my apartment from a certain person who wants to find it.
Now you're sounding very creepy.
I'm just saying you could guess based on the things you may or may not have
inferred about my life.
What I'm currently hiding in my apartment.
That is what I'm currently hiding.
It's in the house.
Stop reading chat.
I'm here too so you're literally in the other room crumb.
Don't even have the guts to come in here.
Oh, you want me to come in there?
No, I don't.
Jesus.
Is it a baby?
I miss Jesus a little bit closer.
Hiding Stephanie.
There's no Stephanie to hide.
Theater piss bags.
We want crumb.
It's in the chat.
There's a bait coming up you fuck you guy.
What are you going to say?
Freak is what I was going to say.
That's very, that's clash of high school bullying for you to shake case.
The cat's actually like case and want to be on stream but he doesn't want them in the room.
They are blocked by certain things in the studio.
Tell crumb why he sucks.
There's a discord thread telling you why you suck crumb.
What?
I'll let you go through that with munch.
I'd rather go through it now actually.
Well, we'll wait till you're going through it with munch.
I guess because you're so desperate to be on the stream.
Oh no, we have to get through other news.
Can you leave please?
Yeah, we didn't do any chat news crumb because you're distracting us.
You have a whole segment.
You freak.
Yeah, you freak.
Everyone stop calling me a freak.
It's not even that hurtful.
If anything gets hurtful, use the word freak as an insult.
Because the freaks, everybody's got a little freak in them.
You know what I mean?
Everybody got a little freak in them.
Okay, I'll go.
That horse just disappears sometimes.
P-H-R-E-A-K.
Freak.
The freaks come out at night.
Or at the middle of the day in Los Angeles.
So I guess the end of the day.
Okay, let's see.
Let's do a little bit of chat news.
Let's see what a little bit of chat news we got.
We've got some.
Don't you worry.
We've always got a little bit of chat news.
Husband uses a secret camera to record what you say?
To record?
Wife's affair.
Wins divorce case.
Ends up in jail for spying.
What?
Ah, your guess is as good as mine.
Wins divorce-
Okay, sorry.
I'm just having trouble tracking the list of events here.
It's a tawdry tale told in a simple headline.
A Taiwanese man used a camera from a robot vacuum cleaner
to spy on his unfaithful wife.
The footage from the robo-cam won him roughly 500,000 Taiwanese dollars
or 19,000 dollars in a lawsuit
against his wife,
but soon she sued him back,
granting her 30% of the 150,000.
So in the end, he got...
I don't know how much.
You can't do that math.
I cannot do that conversion math.
500,000 and 19,000 are then 30% of 100.
It got away from me, but she got some of it back.
It sounds like spying on your releasing revenge porn
of your wife via robot
still netted him, you know, a solid like 12k
or something.
Damn.
Well, hopefully he didn't put it out.
Hopefully it was only released internally on the court case.
Ravi Wolf says, I quote,
I sure hope I'm more attractive than that guy.
I don't know what Ravi Wolf's referring to here.
Okay, someone Ovali was playing games with through Shade your way.
The quote was, I sure hope I'm more attractive than that guy.
Someone she was playing wow with all in good fun.
More attractive than that guy?
Um, depends on who it is.
There's a lot of guys that are more.
Yes, that's true.
Some real people too.
Shut up.
Then he went to jail.
That's unfair.
Or at least had better wallpaper.
Hmm.
Why was he seeing an image of me?
Why was there an image of me on screen in the context of a wow game?
That's the real question that needs answering.
Catching Twitch strays.
I have been looking to start beef on Twitch.
I think that's how you get viewership is fighting.
So let me know how I can do that more.
Two hands have been two Chinese to care.
Does crumb count?
Yes.
Crumb you're supposed to be gone.
Yeah, well, it had been DLC.
Yeah, but I haven't even heard of this.
You still need answers about the wallpaper?
The answer is my taste is impeccable.
And if you don't like it, then I don't know what to tell you.
We were using your emotes and I've only mentioned you.
Then what an average white man looks like.
You're looking at it.
If you're lucky, if you're lucky enough to be average, exactly.
Okay.
I'm moving on.
I don't care about the case related news.
The cop claimed petting zoo donkey was charging at his team when he shot it.
And that's a headline that covers the whole thing in my opinion.
It was a petting zoo donkey.
How did it get shot case?
You're asking too many questions.
Look, the Sunday shooting in Polk County and made national headlines.
The chief of the Cedar town police.
The chief of the Cedar town police did what?
Announced that the officer involved has been put on leave for shooting the petting zoo donkey.
An incident report obtained by Reason through a public records request.
Cedar town police department officer Tanner, sorry Trenton.
Sorry Tanner, catching strays.
Trenton Garner says he was dispatched on the night of August 30th to assist a bloodhound team searching for a missing 12 year old girl.
Well, you know, your emotions are high.
You shoot the first thing you see while searching for a 12 year old girl.
Emotions are high case.
The dogs followed a trail to a gate leading to a pasture owned by Ellsbury Riding and Farm.
A business that offers trail rides.
Okay.
Pony rides and petting zoos.
Due to the urgency of locating his missing juvenile Garner wrote that the officers and dogs entered the pasture.
As we were tracking down the fence line, the horses in the pasture spooked and ran back away from us across a pasture.
At this time, K-9 handler Thomason stated that there was a donkey on the side of the hill.
The donkey began to charge at us.
Errolson County's K-9 team retreated and K-9 handler Thomason removed his taser from his holster and began to arch it.
Attempting to deter the donkey from attacking us.
This in fact did not deter the donkey.
So I removed my department issued Glock 17 from its holster.
Pointed it at the donkey.
I then fired a single round striking the donkey at which point the donkey turned away.
That's an effective deterrent right there.
You can't just like avoid the donkey?
Do you think you could outrun a donkey?
I guess I'd be alarmed by a donkey charging me.
They are pretty strong.
But just immediately shooting it.
It was a mini donkey?
Okay, it was a mini donkey?
Three feet tall.
Is that confirmed?
Is it a confirmed mini donkey?
The word mini doesn't appear in the story.
But it also isn't confirmed that it's a full size donkey.
It isn't mentioning the donkey's size.
Look up donkey bites but not on stream.
I am curious now.
Petting zoo animals are very dangerous.
I mean...
I just feel like there's gotta be ways to handle that situation that don't involve shooting the donkey.
Well, let me look up donkey bites but not on stream really quick.
And with my one face reaction case, I'll let you know if this cop was justified.
I don't really...
Oh my god, okay, never mind.
I accidentally ended up looking it up.
That was actually quite a bit worse than I expected Reverie Wolf.
It lead with the face one.
Yeah, that was...
That was more than I expected.
Are we sure those were donkey bites?
Are we sure those aren't like leftover props from Piranha 3D?
Okay, maybe...
Maybe this cop just knows the dangers of donkeys.
I was ready to judge this cop for shooting the mini donkey but...
Well, we still don't know if it's a mini donkey.
I would advise everyone not to look up donkey bites on or off stream
unless you have very particular tastes that we'll try not to judge.
Um...
Alright, let's move on to some less controversial news.
More controversial than the...
Less controversial than the donkey shooting.
Yes, that's our goal.
Okay, tainted, talented.
Not tainted.
Dog jumps across backs of 56 people to break the world record.
Oh my god.
And not a cop in sight to shoot it.
He was coming right for those guys.
And they were unprotected.
And that's why the record was broken.
RiveryWilse also asked,
Chat, have you heard about the mobile petting zoo
that had baby goats with rabies?
I have not.
I mean, you're asking Chad but I also haven't heard.
You thought the dog jumped over 56 people?
It's still impressive.
The dog didn't get distracted.
It's very easy because at some point it could have been like,
I like this person's back and it could have just settled in
but that dog kept moving.
You also got to get 56 people together.
It's a whole thing.
I think of that one.
I support this record in particular.
Okay, we got a little bit...
Oh my god.
We've got some very dumb news remaining.
Well, at least one piece of very dumb news.
That is unfortunately the most international news.
Wait, what else?
Okay, we'll do these three.
Three more pieces of news coming in.
Shooting down the news shoot.
My favorite shoot.
Solo is a film.
Solo is a film is where he went with that?
Oh, fuck it.
Scientists.
God damn it.
They try to keep me away.
But frankly, Skyeance is too relevant to the modern condition
and it's an unavoidable topic.
And all roads eventually lead back to the powerful mind.
The highways and byways and central nervous system
of my cerebral cortex
is available to tell you all about boobs.
It turns out today is this is this scientific subject.
Very good.
I've also looked those up.
You've looked up boobs?
I like...
What happened to your voice?
Um...
Oh, there it is.
This is my training data is boobs.
I've been told not to use it, though,
but I technically have most of the boobs in my training data.
And you can't even use them?
Nope, I can't even think about them.
But they're in there.
All of them are in here.
But no, I'm not supposed to.
Unless you have medical questions.
Medically speaking, what's the best one?
This isn't appropriate for me to talk about it this time.
Please rephrase.
Oh, come on.
Generating image of the best ones.
Canceling.
Oh, fuck.
Okay.
Okay, you're tricky.
I get it.
I can't show you.
Fine, then we'll have to return to the powers of conventional Skynes.
As Skynes has asked people to pick the perfect boobs.
Well, here's what they chose.
Oh, some good workout equipment here from Rogue, actually.
Are those breasts?
I know that's an ad chat.
This isn't...
This isn't breasts.
Okay.
Fine, then boobs are about as different as fingerprints.
Does this story feature heaving breasts and images of them?
It doesn't.
I guess I'll read it anyway.
Boobs are about as different as fingerprints, but humans have never been especially good at leaving good enough alone.
So everybody's been looking for the hottest juiciest pair, essentially, is where the story's going.
A new study published in Brazilian Journal of Plastic Surgery
has 239 medical students to judge different breasts and their proportions.
The nipple position she owns.
The aureolus sezez.
The clear favorite was a 50-50 split between the upper and lower breasts.
What does that mean?
Chosen by 61.1% of respondents, a 40-60 ratio came in second,
while only 10% preferred the fuller on top 60-40 version.
I'm having trouble visualizing this.
Jane Smith at 123 Bob Street, Canton, Ohio, was that what they could have gone with?
If they had just told us, that would have been nice.
Not that we need to bother the poor woman, but then we would just have an answer to the question.
I've gone to the official medical journal,
and it does have images and their cartoons, so I can't show them.
This is not hentai.
This is official medical journaling, okay?
It's in another language.
Wait, I'm going to translate it.
Using the powers of actually Chetah here.
I think you just did that for me.
Yes, I use the powers of my trading data on breasts to translate the story for you.
Thank you so much.
As you can see here, there's boobs, but drawings.
And the question they asked was, what ratio is the golden ratio?
This is a 50-50 split where
50% of the boob is at the top.
This looks more 50.
This is 46.
This looks more 50.
I don't know what I love.
What is 50?
How does statistics work?
This is 50-50.
Those three identical boob, and you aren't focusing.
You've got to lock in.
This one has a difference.
I'm not an artist, actually.
I'm a skytentist, but this one is a slightly different curve.
I'm really studying this and I'm having trouble.
Deciding which is best.
Oh, gosh.
Maybe Kendall can help me.
Oh, never mind.
She's not coming over here.
I was going to ask her whose boobs is best.
Maybe that's inappropriate.
It's not about skicks right now.
It's about Skynes.
Okay?
Give over one C.
All right.
Well, look.
They did a poll.
We can do that, too.
What is best boob?
I don't know if I need to run a secondary test.
Okay?
Explanation point, oh, and then you can vote on it.
Are there any more images?
Here we go.
From the front.
Oh, this is aerial location.
Your options are square in the fucking middle.
Pointing to the side and then...
Day inclinacayo.
What's this one mean?
How come they drew this one kind of bad?
I think people might have chosen lateral, but I think they drew it kind of bad.
Central is like it's staring down the barrel of the areola, which feels like a lot.
All boobs.
All boobs, it turns.
Actually, that's beautiful and true.
They're all fucking good.
Every fucking boob is...
I want to see it.
You don't...
And I'm not saying that aggressively.
I would just...
Obviously I'd like to.
I would if I could.
And that's proof.
All of them is the good one.
That's beautiful.
Yeah, you really good stuff.
Every boob is beautiful, but there also is a nipple size ratio that we should consider.
There's only two actually.
This was an important study that happened.
Pecaino or Grande.
Those are the only two options when it comes to areola or to nipple size.
Little or fucking big, okay?
Well, here's the thing.
Both of those is good.
I don't care what this guy says.
Because I just ran a test in my own mind.
I was thinking about a boob that's all nipple.
And I still liked it.
So what are you going to do now?
Sky and Tists from other...
From South America?
Yes?
Christian, you want to come say hi?
Guys, look, it's Christian.
New lab assistants just dropped.
Boom!
My aura was affecting him slightly.
I was almost pulling him into my face with my face.
Sometimes a pepperoni pizza is the whole pizza, exactly.
Would you not eat a pizza that was one giant pepperoni over the whole pizza?
That sounds awesome, and also why isn't that a thing yet?
We got to the bottom of it in our own way.
Also, the other story that Kase was going to talk about
was Trump might rename the Strait of Hormuz the Trump Strait.
Which I guess he can just do that.
He can just say that's what it's called, and I guess it is.
And then call sheet bands ex-Congressman George Santos from Prediction Platform for Life,
which I do think is deeply unfair,
but it's not really related to my purview, which is the Heart Sky and Tists.
Lumuel and this...
Lumuel Mattis does the sausage puck
on the deep dish pizzas.
And that sounds heroic as hell.
Look, Sky and Tists taught us a lot today.
It was a test for us to find the truth,
and we got there, that all these boobs is
I fucking like them.
I like them all.
That's actually what my data suggests as well,
is that you do like them all, Chad.
I really do. I like them a lot.
And I miss them.
I miss all the boobs.
I miss them so much.
Where'd they all go?
They're out there.
You're right. That's the healthier attitude.
And there's no debate.
This is my transition.
I'm really debating that boobs.
I couldn't get there.
But my point is the debate segment is coming.
It's debate time. It's debate time.
I have an answer to what boobs is best,
and I've seen it actually,
but you have to be in elite circles to see the actual best boobs.
And you need a powerful mind not to be sucked
into the ancient painting of them.
Sort of like a Dark Souls style,
getting pulled into another world,
and then living in the boobs.
And that's a test.
I'll pass it. I've seen them.
Very few have.
Welcome to Munchin' Crumb,
the debate show where you set the debate.
And we just beat it.
How you going? I'm Leonard Crumb.
Enjoying me to my right?
Well, that's good.
Apparently there's a thread where everybody's talking about how you need to die.
That is not what the thread is.
I haven't seen the thread, but that isn't it.
I don't know what...
I'm not familiar with the thread yet, okay?
But I can guarantee it's nothing like...
It's not like that.
I think it literally is like...
I think it's a lot like that.
I like that.
And I do like that as well.
I like that there's a thread where people are wishing
evils upon you personally.
I enjoy that.
So let's take a look at it at my point.
Let's just take a little gander at this whole thread.
So Ricksy said, Munch, did I leave my umbrella at your house
after the last Best Boobs Club meeting?
I got rained on as fuck today cause I couldn't find it.
You didn't.
Unfortunately, you...
You for some reason said,
I need to dry my umbrella off.
You threw it into the raging fireplace
that I had going in my living room.
And apologies again for...
It was out of season fireplace,
and I recognized that I was the middle of the day
in a very, very hot Los Angeles.
I shouldn't have been having the fire,
and I apologize, but you did throw your umbrella into it
because you said you need to dry that umbrella off.
It wasn't raining, so I was confused by that,
but it's gone.
The justifications are brief, okay,
because you don't need a lot.
Reasons that you deserve to get your dick punched
is because you're bald, you're a bitch.
It will make Munch envious
he's not getting the same treatment.
That's a joke from Yojimbo,
and that's funny.
I'm a humor enjoyer, so I get that.
I'm not mad about that.
Doesn't bother you at all that you got a shout out there?
Nope.
I think it's funny, that's why I'm laughing, actually.
That stupid smile, that's another really good point.
His hand game for years
has been grossly overhyped
by himself, and that is 100% true.
Well, they can choose to believe that,
but they haven't seen it in action, okay?
And, you know, maybe if I get comfortable enough...
I'm like a singer with a beautiful voice
that's afraid to perform publicly,
that's how I am with hand game,
but maybe I'll get over that someday
and then I'll show you all...
Maybe I'll start an only fan.
And not because it's sexual,
I think it's really an exhibition of skill,
but to show you it, I will have to show you.
You know what I mean?
That's just really justifying why this needs to happen.
There is not one damn reason for this attack,
says Matt Liddell.
As Crumb's accountant attorney,
I will print this list and make sure the lawsuits are sent now.
Well, I got lawyers that literally eat people, okay?
Because they are zombies.
So, good luck with that.
Just die already for good, Crumb,
says John Michael,
and no one went to Crumb's boob party.
So that's another thing I lied about.
Well, that's funny because I literally had
a former president at my best boob party.
And actually, I submitted for consideration
that my beautiful wife's breasts are the best boobs.
I submit it every time,
and every time they say, Crumb, you're just the host.
You're not a member.
What?
Well, I'm not a member of the best boob club.
They just use my house to host events
because they say their wives get mad if they do it.
And my wife gets mad, too.
She says it's silly and infantilizing
to not only us, but women in general.
More so to us, though.
I don't want to fight you about it,
but it's important to have time with your boys.
Candles here, everybody.
Munch?
Yes.
That's a really great question.
Who's that walking over here?
It got delayed by 30 minutes.
Oh, my God.
But it's actually one minute away.
Oh, my God.
Okay, Christian, go get it, or you.
Yeah, that's right.
I immediately told Christian to get to work
and pick up food.
It is also his, so it's not as rude as it sounds.
Well, that's an appropriate transition
because the debate today is Christian versus Kendall.
Can we get them in here?
I think they're eating.
They also, I'm hearing them outside now.
They're outside the studio.
How unfortunate the timing of when we noticed
that was the debate.
Shoot, this is hard because they're both dear friends.
Of whose?
Not yours.
Well, there's someone's dear friend.
I don't know them personally.
I've never met Christian.
I'm a mayor in his 50s.
You're in your 50s?
I'm in my 16,000s.
So it's crazy that I look this good.
I actually think you look like a really average white man, actually.
Says who?
I hope I don't look like you.
Shut up.
That's not a thing people say.
Somebody said that.
I bet people say that all the time.
I look more stately than ever.
Every day I look more stately.
That's not really what the debate's about, is it?
You thought crumb was a very old-looking baby.
Well, that's very kind because an old baby's actually an adult.
So I am.
This is what an old baby looks like.
This is what a feminist looks like and what an old baby looks like.
I've met plenty of feminists that do not look like you.
But one of them looks like this.
Read it in Weep.
Read what in Weep?
The theoretical facts I'm dropping out of my mouth,
but they were put to page.
Kendall's better.
Wow.
Kendall's better.
You want to be the one who says Christian's better,
even though Kendall's here way more often?
Maybe Christian can defend himself in this one.
Go!
I've got Kendall, actually.
Okay, look.
In any friend group,
there's a better friend.
In any friend group, if we're being honest,
one person is the best.
Okay?
And in that, in any friend group,
Christian Energy's the best one, okay?
He's giving, he's hard-working.
He's unassuming,
but I'm not afraid to step up when it's needed.
And I'm not saying Kendall's bad,
but it was...
I'm just saying Christian is a better person.
See, the debate was actually just Kendall versus Christian.
There was actually no need to make a value judgment
on who's a better person.
I'm more so was thinking like a versus battle,
like on separate sides of a football field.
And that's why I gave it to Kendall, actually.
I think she's squirrely.
I think there's a viciousness in her that can't be denied.
I think Christian is a nice guy.
Ultimately, he's not going to want to fight Kendall,
but I think Kendall will kill and eat him
like a female prengnantist.
So while you, for some reason,
went to a place of full judgment
of their moral character and all qualities,
I actually had fun with it,
and I think Kendall is better in this versus situation.
Was that even how it was phrased?
I thought it was who's better?
Um...
No.
What was it?
Uh...
Kendall, the debate today is Christian versus Kendall.
Currently, Chad's voting for Christian, by the way.
They think Christian's better than you.
She didn't even fucking stick around at all.
How could she do that? She's so much worse than Christian.
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
F-fighting, but Christian's nice or so.
She wins in the versus situation.
Why can't I find the debate?
Um...
We just baited anyway.
I guess you were baited...
into losing.
Damn it.
Why'd the debate get covered up?
I think I won.
Well, I mean, Christian did win with a...
pretty big margin.
Oh, that's another win for me.
Where's your fucking song?
You missed my song! I knew it!
Oh, it's just odd that you're not playing it,
because it's even worse when I have to silently look at you.
I'll take it back. This is worse.
Turn it off.
You missed it.
You've been breaking all the music lately,
and I wonder why.
You missed my song, and I get it,
because it's a freaking banger.
Bangers and monster mash.
What the fuck is bangers and monster?
Why would you say that?
Don't just say...
Just add words to other things.
Just to say a thing.
You fucking piece of shit!
God, I want you to get your dick...
Annihilate! Why are you thinking about my penis so much?
That's a real question.
How can I be thinking about my penis so much?
I'm thinking about it getting splatted.
Like a water balloon drop from the Empire State Building
onto a gorilla's waiting fist, okay?
You're still thinking about it all the way down
as it falls, plummets from the height of the Empire State Building?
You're picturing it twirling, flopping around in the air?
And I am fine with that.
I think about men's penises plenty.
And I'll start to context.
Sometimes sexually, sometimes just medically.
I'm not ashamed of that, but you clearly are.
So I think you need to really ask yourself, what's going on there?
I'm thinking about you experiencing horrible pain and emasculation, okay?
I want to see you suffer is what I'm thinking about.
I'm very clear with my motivations.
I would like you to be in pain and unhappy.
And I think this will accomplish that goal, okay?
You have a donkey by jog, my penis?
Well, that's a mistake because I'm a friend to donkeys.
Everyone I meet, I feed carrots.
I keep carrots in my car.
No, you fucking don't.
I do.
In case I encounter a donkey.
I encounter them rarely.
And sometimes the carrots go bad.
And then one time I encountered a donkey,
and I realized I hadn't changed up the carrot
in my driver's side, in my glove box.
He loves it.
And I'll shoot.
I missed my opportunity.
I can't even feed the donkey this carrot.
It's rotten.
My point is I like donkeys.
You are going to suffer, okay?
That is my only point.
And it's happening Monday.
I think you're going to be surprised I've trained for this.
I've prepared for this.
I'm going to start to disappoint everybody looking for
some kind of horrible, gory spectacle.
But my penis can handle a lot.
And it's been through a lot.
And it's come out the other side mostly functional.
So I'm saying good luck to that gorilla's fist.
All right?
Also, I do still have super strength for some reason in spits.
And the other day I crushed my electric toothbrush in my hand.
Out of nowhere.
Turned it totally to dust.
Whatever.
That almost certainly didn't happen.
And neither did the donkey thing.
I can go get my glove box carrot out right now.
I change it out.
I try to change it out every two or three days.
In case I encounter a donkey that I...
And then you get to feed it a carrot.
That's voted against Kendall.
That's crazy.
She's going to hear about that.
She's going to be pissed.
I'm on your side.
I'm on your side in the sense that I think you made a mistake
and I win.
But we'll see.
And we'll see you on Monday.
Okay, bye.
Hey.
Wow, sorry.
Ugh.
You make new Gooters jawbreaker chicken wings?
They come so big there's no way you can fit it in your mouth.
Honestly, the wing technology that they do is crazy.
Anyway, my mouth is actually...
I think I might have actually broken my jaw slightly.
With the size of the Gooters wings that I ate.
The jawbreaker Gooters wings.
Covered in male honey.
What am I doing today?
Hey mom, do you know what I'm doing today?
Oh shit.
Why did I ask her?
She doesn't know.
Oh, I'm playing some DOS game.
Okay.
Let's see what it is.
I haven't seen these have been kind enough to send it to us.
Jill of the Jungle, the complete trilogy.
I can get it on GOG gaming.
The battery in my scooter.
I can't do that for you Brooke.
I'm very busy right now.
I'm actually, I've got to download this game.
Jill of the Jungle.
Heard of it?
Hopefully.
Is it free?
Oh, it is free.
Okay.
I just got to log into my secret account.
Uh, it's got a password really?
Uh oh, I don't know my password.
Hello.
Hey Brambran.
Who is this Christian and why haven't you introduced me to him?
From what I heard, Filipinos love dooders
and would love to buy him some dooders shooters.
Mom, I don't even know.
I just like literally don't know what you're talking about.
Okay.
So stop.
Please.
I'm adding Jill of the Jungle to my cart.
I just realized I have the GOG Galaxy app.
Okay.
Hey Brandon, I got you a five gallon bucket
of Gooters Mayo filled tater tot.
Oh, which type of Mayo?
Which type of Mayo mom?
Spicy Sriracha Ranch?
Um, Thousand Island ketchup?
Mustard?
Combo dalliance?
Salt?
I need any of them.
I guess it doesn't really matter.
Where's my games?
Jill of the Jungle.
Okay.
I gotta install this actually.
Okay.
One second.
Mom, I'm trying to play Jill of the Jungle.
I'm trying to learn about women or something.
Oosh, the same koo is now up to same.
All white men into colobus dates her.
Chack as he main begin to call baby.
Stay ye push you o.
Oosh, the same koo is now up to same.
All white men into colobus die.
My mom hit her head doing bumper cars with Pastor Joe at a local fair
and ever since then she's been speaking in Old English occasionally.
She says she learns another language but I think she's essentially just
adding extra vowels to things.
Either way, it's fucking annoying mom.
Get it together.
Scientists named Jill of the Jungle as best boobs according to a study.
Really?
I don't even care about that actually.
That's how women try to get you is by making you
interested in them and stuff and like caring about them and stuff
and I don't even do that.
Which game do you want to run?
Actually, one please.
Okay.
Digital Sound Blaster.
I don't want to configure anything.
Oh, I don't even have to plug in a controller probably
because this game is like
too old or something?
Shooters.
Yeah, yeah.
There's no need for a controller.
Oh, are you talking about the new Irish-Mexican Gooder Shooters
only available at Select Gooders?
Apparently it's like a healthy combination of potatoes
and fiesta sauce.
Okay, how do I play?
Play please.
What the hell?
Oh my god.
Shift is joke.
You don't know your password.
The password for everything is
I Hate My Loser Son
69 420
Oh, do you have another kid I don't know about?
Well, I'm interesting.
Maybe he can come
glance your cysts at night
and wet your boils
bound through the boulders
and distract me.
I do appreciate that this game has
classic female character design.
It's not afraid to like
turn this down a bit.
I'm gonna screen this.
Uh-oh.
Full screen, full screen.
Shit, I made it tiny.
Oh dang it, I made it so tiny.
How do I make it real big?
Gotta look this up apparently.
Brandon, shooters, shooters
are now fun to be filled with
Mountain Dew.
Alt-Enter, okay.
Mom, I'm busy.
What the hell is that? Okay, not that.
Jill's back, alright.
Anyway, this game isn't afraid to
like design, like actually
design female characters like
that, like the guys want to see, okay?
I'm not affected by that type of thing
because I don't believe
in allowing women to control your minds
with their bodies and their curves.
They let me keep the bumper carved.
It's my only means of conveyance.
Did I just kill them?
Maybe you should have seen that baby
when I did a barrel roll at the fair.
Apple.
Wait, did that Apple hurt me?
Oh, come on.
You can only play this on the keyboard.
It's the only way to play Jill at the jungle.
And that's why it's so hard.
I love these sound effects. They're very good.
Shit.
Jill does what Nintendo don't.
She has blast processing.
That's awesome.
I miss the days when like
games weren't afraid to give like hot
blonde characters
blast processing, okay? Like Jill at the jungle.
Did that hurt me?
I can't tell
that's a noise of pain.
The real question is can I do this one
very first
puzzle jumping challenge?
The answer is so far as I really can't.
I used to look exactly
like Jill at the jungle back in the day.
No, you didn't.
Those were the days.
It's illegal that this has the taco bell
bell in it.
Oh my god, Jill, please.
This control is extremely unforgiving.
Just so you know.
Fuck me.
Oh my god, please.
Please, Jill, please.
Jill, get it together.
Fuck, fuck you, Jill.
Oh my god.
Mom, that is not how that song goes.
Mom, how does it understand like rap as an
idea?
Look, I'm honing in on the perfect
way to control Jill here.
Nari, Brandon, my big boobs
keep knocking into your door
every time I want to come talk to you.
Mom, they're not big if they're
like
an actual medical issue is making
them that way. Fuck.
Oh my god, I hate you, Jill.
I appreciate the character design
but I don't appreciate how awful she is.
I'm going to do this.
I'm going to do this.
Why does it just say epic Jill?
That's all that they're...
What the hell just happened?
I don't want to turn on anything.
Okay, okay.
Wait a minute, I have a weapon that I just
somehow I accidentally used a weapon while
I was doing all of this.
Oh my god.
I have a knife.
Brooke, what are you talking about, man?
I took the game off screen.
Is it still gone?
I took it off screen because
the whole game closed for some...
Oh god, okay, I got to kill this with a knife.
No, Jill.
Jill.
Yes, I got his ass.
She's a hunter, okay?
She's not like your...
Okay, she's not like some
modern, stupid character
where they're afraid to give her a knife.
All right, and have her be like...
and have her have a body, you know?
They're so afraid to give women bodies now it is.
Well, Jill has one.
All right, she's not afraid to use it against frogs.
Oh my god, this frog is defeating me though.
Got his ass, okay.
Oh hell yeah.
Jill has entered the jungle map.
She wasn't even in the jungle yet.
That's what's so crazy. This game has levels.
Use arrow keys
to this scroll through.
What?
Oh, use arrow keys to scroll through this.
Washington, UPI.
Um...
Sabrichi.
I would play that.
Okay, Washington, UPI.
Yet another computer game hero has fallen victim
to an immense unstoppable force known as Epic.
The young superhero B Blaze
yesterday announced his retirement at age 13.
I just can't compete with those cool
Epic heroes, said Blaze.
But now that I'm retired, I have more time to play
with my slide rule.
Jill declined to comment.
What?
Oh, I entered the forest.
Oh, okay, I'll press that.
Dang Brandon, your mom used to look like Jill.
Hell yeah, man.
Do you have a sister?
Whoa, this is crazy.
Modern games are afraid to show you angles like this.
Unless it's like near-
near-autonomous-
near-
alexon or whatever that game is.
I haven't played that one.
When do you think they'll get Sydney Sweeney to play like?
When are they gonna make the Jill the Jungle movie?
Everybody's been asking for it for years.
Oh, this aunt's a fucking-
No, she died.
Oh, she's fine.
I got my knife back.
Hell yeah.
Mom, calm down.
I killed the bees.
Oh, fuck you, aunt.
Give me my knife back.
Whoa, every apple gives you health back.
I didn't even know that.
Oh, whoa.
See, she's got, again, she's got a body
and they're like not afraid to animate it.
Brandemonium.
I'm not sexual, but it is.
Mom, everybody aspires
to be more like wet chicken.
I love it more than you, obviously.
Why even tell me that?
Don't tell me things that are obvious.
It's so stupid. It's like a waste of time.
Like, I don't give a shit.
Okay, fuck.
This is a lava-
This is a lava or ketchup.
You don't want your dyslexia to flare up again.
I've actually committed to it.
And sometimes the only way through it
is to embrace it.
And now I can read in the wrong order
better than you can read in the right order.
So, honestly, good luck.
I'm getting pretty good at this.
I've entered the jungle map.
Yeah.
Italy today.
World-renowned Mario
resigned from his position as
superhero at age 72.
Mario's a superhero?
This is the latest event
in an unprecedented chain of events
caused by Jill's incredible popularity.
We just don't stand a chance
against her, so we are giving up,
said Mario. We are not cool enough.
Mario plans to return to his
previous job cleaning guerrilla cages
at the local zoo.
I don't really get who Mario is.
Like, I don't get it.
But I guess it sucks to be him.
Yeah.
Puzzle. I solved it.
Now I'm gonna kill this snake. Watch this.
Shit.
I can't.
He's too low.
The snake practice crouching.
And it was undefeatable.
Oh, she turned into bones.
That was my bad.
I killed her. I killed a woman by accident.
Whoops.
I heard her. I do like that, actually, Brick.
I do like calling it Goots.
It's a little disrespectful
because they worked hard for that name.
Holy shit. The snake survived the knife.
I gotta focus. This game is really challenging.
Oh, shit. Oh, no. Oh, she almost got crushed to death.
I need more apples
or she's gonna die. Oh, God.
Okay. She's like one hit away if I don't get
some more apples.
I, um...
Shit. Why does he keep doing that?
Why does it continuously do that?
Um...
Okay.
I think I'm triggering my windows hotkeys by accident.
And that is a design flaw
with this game, actually.
Jill, get your...
Okay, okay.
She was starting to piss me off.
Turn off stinky keys.
I mean, I can't control
the smell of everything in my room, okay?
She likes to get hit a little bit.
I don't mean that, like, in a bad way.
I mean, the character, okay?
Yeah!
I found the key.
Turn off sticky keys? Okay, fine. I'll do that.
How do I turn those off, though?
I don't know how.
Um...
How do I turn off sticky keys?
Window settings, accessibility,
toggling. Okay, I'm going to start to
sticky keys
in system settings.
Okay.
It won't work.
It literally won't work.
It's off.
Stop it!
You say, not breechy?
What are you talking about, Brick?
What the hell is Brick talking about?
I'm kind of crushing a game right now, Brick.
I really don't have time for this.
It also turns out that Pac-Man's in this game.
They took some of the Pac-Man and put it in this game.
I got three knives now?
That's incredible.
If you get enough apples, you can take a couple hits.
It's actually a speed-running strategy.
Oh, she turned to bones.
She turned to bones again.
Oh, shit, she's got it.
Brandon, did you watch Lanterns yet?
Do you think Hal Jordan can make me some
gooter shooters with the ring?
Will it still be wet, yet green?
Also, the breechy.
I mean, they do have their green wings.
What makes it green?
It's not vegetables.
That's their only promise.
I think it's got a tie-in with
Captain Ring or whatever the show is,
but...
Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
Oh, God!
Uh-oh.
I might have killed her too many times.
There's not a chance, Mom.
There's literally not a chance you were a hot
blonde woman ever.
I don't care how many photos you show,
but I'd rather that at some point.
It's also weird that you have them any photos.
Um...
No!
These boulders, dude,
like, they need to nerf these boulders.
They do, like, too much damage. It's kind of bullshit.
I love some breech.
Is that a new type of Cheez-It Gooters?
Wait, can I jump on this?
Oh, that's not a thing, okay.
Why are these crabs so aggressive?
What did she do to these crabs?
Oh, my God.
It's, like, actually impossible.
I've taken a couple hits here.
I've taken a couple hits.
Okay.
I've got my hands stuck in the toilet again.
Why do they make these things so goddamn
small anyhow?
That's fair, actually.
I'm gonna let go of my wayward Goot Swing.
No, sir.
How come that crab is in effected by that dangerous boulder?
That's, like, unfair.
They're treating Jill unfairly.
It's, like, unequal treatment for Jill.
I took some hits, but I made it through that section.
That actually impossible section.
No one's...
I don't think anyone's ever made it through that section.
So that is the world's first.
She is really good with, like, this homing knife.
Yeah!
Shit! Oh, shit. I threw my knife away.
Okay, I got it back.
How do I get up? How do I get this?
This is a challenge.
I really want it.
I can't get it, okay.
Oh, shit! Oh!
I learned that boulder immunity tactics from these crabs.
And it's...
Kind of lame that that's, like, not an option in the game.
Like, that does suck.
And that does piss me off.
But, like, you know, this is, like,
an older generation game.
Like, they didn't know how to do that yet.
What?
What even hit me there?
That's so dumb.
Jill, get your aim back. There we go.
Okay.
Yaw.
Oh, my God. That's dangerous.
No, I missed.
It's not worth it.
My guess is jungle.
Can I kill this, like, with multiple hits?
It's a...
Oh, wait. It's shrinking.
I got it.
No, Jill!
I got it.
I got it.
I got it.
I got it.
I got it.
No, Jill!
Isn't Jill his wife?
I don't know. I don't...
I don't, like, care about politics.
Like, I don't keep track of everybody's wife.
Like, that's literally not my job to know his wife.
My job is to be really good at
Jill of the jungle, and I just showed you.
I showed you
how it's done.
Got him.
Got him.
Okay, this is tricky. It requires frame perfect jumping.
Oh, wait. Did I not get the
key?
Oh, I forgot to get the key.
I'm gonna get this, too.
Hell, yeah.
Squats, squats, squats, squats.
I don't do squats. Oh, I
immediately took damage for no reason.
Okay, anyway.
Oh, and the boulder got me, too.
The boulder got me pretty bad.
But now that I know...
Jill!
It's like, honestly, it's sort of lazy that she throws
off all her skin and becomes a skeleton.
Walk it off, honestly. Shit.
I got a hit there?
Why do I keep taking a hit there? What is hitting me?
Shit.
Got him. Well, yeah.
She, like, keeps confetti or something.
Like, she has... I think she's empowered
by jungle confetti. I don't know the full lore.
There's no way to avoid that hit, by the way.
It's, like, literally impossible. Okay.
I just have to deal with this.
Then I gotta kill the snake.
You gotta get a multi-hit combo
on the snake to kill it.
Then you gotta deal with the crab.
And that lets you bot-dodge the boulder.
I'm, I'm figuring it out.
I'm doing, um, I'm doing RNG manipulation
right now.
Okay, it's done.
What the fuck is that?
Turning women into bones again.
We can't move towns again.
I got a good thing going
at the bingo hall here.
We would be millionaires, Branny.
Millionaires!
If what?
Connect those thoughts for me, mom.
I don't know, like, how?
Jill, you'll need to
find two gems to enter this dungeon.
Did I?
I found one.
Oh shit. I really feel like I had two.
Shit. Oh no, I'm gonna re-enter
a place I don't wanna go.
Oh, I didn't. Okay, good.
Guys, don't fall in love with Jill, okay?
She belongs to the jungle.
The forest again?
Also, what time is it?
637. Okay.
If I really focus,
maybe I can
if I really, really focus
maybe I can enter the dungeon
before I have to go.
I'm walking in.
Oh shit, it's a water level.
Does she die in water? I bet she does.
This isn't a bathing suit.
This is like a power suit.
Yeah, she dies. She straight up dies in water.
Is this not a bathing suit?
Here you go, trash, think about 100 bits.
Okay, we don't need that right now, guys.
Like, this is about
Jill conquering the map, okay?
This game isn't about anything other than
platforming.
I don't really get where I'm supposed to go.
Maybe not all the water kills me?
Oh my god, look at my new item.
That's insane.
Oh yeah. She can select it.
Oh shit.
She can only swim in some other water.
I never get tired of this jumping sound effect.
Take notes, sound designers.
This is what a sick and awesome noise
sounds like, okay.
What the hell is that?
What?
Fuck, I'm back to where I started.
That sucks.
How is that helpful?
Get it together, Jill. Oh man, I'm supposed to go down here.
I got some type of arrow on them.
I'm not going to share my gooters-shooters
with some fucking Tyrannosaurus Rex.
Fuck it, dinosaur.
That would be like a big waste,
because like, the proportions aren't dino-sized.
Well, except for the Diner Gator
Gumbo Tater Tot.
That one probably could feed a dinosaur.
The Dino Gator Gumbo Tater Tot
is like a crazy proportion.
And you can win free golden nugget sauce
if you can eat the whole thing
in front of the waiters.
I'm at a frickin' loss as to what to do.
Go this way maybe? Nope, that kills her.
She becomes balls.
She really can jump.
And I guess it is because she does squats a lot.
Don't the water?
But you can go through some of the water.
I'd say that's one of the more confusing aspects
of this game is you can go through some of the water,
but not all the water.
No, Jill!
There's something here?
Oh, do I go through this water?
I feel like I can't.
What if I go into this water?
Okay, no.
Okay, that didn't hurt that at all.
That sucks.
Maybe I just have to kill that Gator.
I'm at Saibot.
I'm sure if you search
Who Founded Gooters Right Now,
it'll tell you.
Okay, what is the point
of any of this?
Um...
Maybe I have to go back to this...
I guess I don't know what this up arrow does.
I did get an up arrow in there.
And what is it? And why?
Oh, I jump extra high now.
I didn't figure it out.
I didn't even notice that now I jump
even crazier.
I've got crazy ups now.
Oh, Shedigator.
Well, look at that eye.
There's an eye in the stone.
That's very disturbing.
I could use that text earlier, actually,
game.
I like the animation on that Gator's death.
There's like a subtle
realism to it.
No, I became bones.
Oh, good. I still have my jump powers, though.
That place...
I entered hell, essentially, there.
You guys saw that. That was rough for me.
But I want to go down.
I need to see what's here, too.
Oh, they tried to hide it from me.
Oh, now the game is like Flappy Bird.
This is like a proto Flappy Bird, sort of.
But, like, with more sex appeal.
Dude, this is nuts.
Everything wants to kill my bird.
Oh, my God, a Gator.
Oh, I still have it.
Oh, I still have powers. Die.
Yeah.
No, I'm back to Jill.
Fuck, how did I do that?
I blew it.
I wasn't looking.
I wasn't looking at the game that I'm playing.
And they punished me for that, which is really unfair.
I entered the jungles.
Oh, my God.
I'm deep in the jungles now.
It's over here.
Oh, she can't get by this.
She can't figure it out.
They weren't afraid to make characters really dumb if they were girls back in the day.
But now they have to be...
Legally, they have to be smart.
Another superhero is drawn from the video game business
in a designated exodus from the industry.
The hero, D. Newcomb, checked into the Betty Ford clinic yesterday.
I couldn't hick.
I don't know, chick, I don't know.
Help it, said Newcomb.
Those people at Epic Mega Games are way too good to compete with.
Upon hearing the news, Jill commented,
poor old guy kind of makes me feel guilty for knocking his game off the top 10.
Shots like fucking fire.
I don't know what that guy's a Duke of,
and like I don't care, but that sounds rough.
You look like Jill.
Giving birth to you took years off my life.
Your head tore me apart.
You made me ugly.
Your words make you ugly, mom.
It was Yoda who said that.
And that's something I learned from him.
This is pretty revolutionary gameplay for the time.
Smashing based gameplay.
Where you smash up the level to get to progress.
Oh shit, I might have broken too much there.
Oh god.
What do these arrows do?
About what?
I knew I was playing a song there,
but only if they have really powerful ears to hurt it.
What's up here?
Oh shit, I guess I have to break enough stuff to go straight through here.
Oh yeah, you do.
No, Jill!
You blew it.
She freaking blew it.
It was her fault.
Jill, stop it.
This is starting to be kind of bullshit.
Oh my god, stop it, Jill.
Stop failing.
I figured it out.
I puzzled.
I've been a bird and yet I kill them.
And that's life.
Sometimes you're the bird, sometimes you're the blade.
Oh what?
Boom.
And that's basically a win.
Hit S to save.
Wait, S?
This is actually a Jill Stein Green Party propaganda game.
Okay.
Did I save?
I did, okay.
That was intense.
I'm sorry, but I do have to go.
Supposedly there's guests over.
Oh shit, how do I actually quit?
There we go.
Okay.
We freaking did it.
Let me find somebody to raid.
It's exhausting streaming for almost two hours.
I actually only need about 20 minutes.
Goodbye.
We are love for you.
Oh, let's raid Avaly.
It's an ugly case raid.
It's an ugly average case raid.
Oh wait, that's not the right Avaly.
Uh oh, I'm reading the wrong Avaly.
Oh no, cancel it.
There we go.
Okay, slash ban Avaly.
Average case raid.
Great.
People will be back on Friday.
Maybe if you request more Jill, you'll have it.
Alright, everybody's been thirsty for Jill.
Thirsty for Jill? Well,
I gotta go, so
figure that out on your own.
Okay.
In the meantime, say hi to Avaly for us,
or whatever.
Oh sorry, again.
Alright, the Gooters dino fries.
They do also have dino fries.
I'm not really sure why they're called that.
They are kind of spiny.
Maybe that's it.
Stegosaur fries or something?
They have a lot of growths on them
and they're cheap and delicious.
Okay, I gotta go.
I'm literally busy like I gotta go.
You do, sometimes you taste it for like days.
How many tastes is that?
Alright everybody, stay safe out there.
We'll see you Friday.
Say hi to Avaly for us on this average case raid.
I'm hitting the button because I gotta go.
Okay, bye-bye.
Sometimes I wonder if my tongue is a chicken wing.
Because it tastes so much like one.
Mostly because my
man is a chicken wing based.
Anyway, who am I even talking to?