I'm Pepita, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
We're live in ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one. Let's do this!
That's right. News going up on a Tuesday.
Hello! We're back! Couldn't do it yesterday.
So today is the day where I think honestly we probably just play a bunch of requested games that we're extremely backed up on.
I haven't done any of those and also we gotta go to... there's like a bunch of segments.
This is a stream that runs on segment requests. Requests everyone!
One second, social stuff.
Oh my god, I'm trying to be more of a real streamer lately and take just text most of the time but I'm on screen.
Just quietly text. Anyway, good to see everybody.
Doesn't appear that a hype train has already blasted into the building.
Yeah!
I'll get your beard back.
What?
It's back.
What the fuck?
Stop doing that.
It's scaring my pants off.
It's okay.
I know it looks scary without the beard, but
you can't hurt me while I'm here.
I wasn't going to.
That's not true, Case.
I don't trust you anymore.
Anymore?
What changed?
You changed.
You changed, Case.
In what sense?
If I'm going to tell you this, then I need a
changed trap beat.
A changed type trap beat, Case.
The ways that you've let me down.
I changed?
You've done, you've changed, man.
Really sad.
I used to be Chinese.
This is one of the ways you changed.
Unfortunately, it goes so much deeper.
It's much deeper than that.
Since you came around, Case, nothing's been the same.
Ever since?
Ever since, man.
Nothing's been the same.
Used to be cool.
But ever since I've been you did, damn, Case, you've changed.
Let's tell them.
You used to wear a suit.
You also used to have the cargo comedian, and you've changed.
I feel like I'm still all of those things.
But you're not, Case.
Let me explain what you are now.
You are the guy in a hand tie who loses his girlfriend in the hand tie.
That's the main way that you've changed.
What?
That's right, Case.
Used to be the guy in a hand tie who didn't lose his girlfriend.
But now you are that guy who loses his girlfriend.
I don't even really know the art type you're referring to.
I don't know.
What work can I say?
I don't know.
You used to be about seven feet tall and played basketball.
I really don't remember doing that.
That's because you've changed.
You used to sort of go to the on the weekends to watch soccer, local soccer games.
I've never done that.
Because you changed.
You used to be, um, to be the volleyball from the movie Castaway.
And just like this beat case, you've changed, Case.
I really feel like you're stretching today.
And that's because you've changed.
You used to support everything that I say.
But now you do support anything because you've changed.
And isn't it sad to see what you've become?
That's sad.
I don't know if there's a chameleon B-star.
I've never seen the show B-star.
That's because you, and now you've never seen it.
Sounds like the kind of thing that changed to me.
Sort of like the protagonist in Ahentai.
What is the protagonist in Ahentai?
The one that,
and then just be the person who gets fucked, isn't that the protagonist?
Depends on the genre.
This is a hard bouncy type crap beat.
Brings change the game.
Reaching to the surround here a bunch of jingling and lingaling and laying.
I wonder why that could be actually?
Maybe it's for the case
Can you just thank the subs I really don't know what you're getting at today
Get this laugh laugh laugh and up the notion that the moment that you have changed
This sensation ain't the same as creation man you created a false self-dame
You changed, let me think all the subs who've been consistent
Damn baby you've been dropping hot bricks friends
Let's see what you got in the tanks man
And that's cheese change, just change change
Just say, just say the names
Just say the name
Is that a name?
Jackie jing thank you for the follow it was never borrowed
Thank you it was couple days after tomorrow or maybe before
I don't even really know what time it is but I know that case lives in change bitch
Crypto Zeus was a request for propaganda 11 months is always the best
Actually I meant to say 11 minutes ago it's been 37 months damn bro
Bully bull, ventrity came with the 17 clean bundles sprung with 100 bits keeping it
means after popping in from Apple, Apple keeping that lean like I dropped some
fucking lean in my brain
I might be out thinking of 100 bits
Super beast thank you for the 38 months
I was gonna say that fuck you you would have never done that before
You know some things never change
For instance this is what auto plays now on my youtube whenever I watch anything
This is what pops up now
Listen up jack it's come or just mama jam 300 shiny tasty coins and I've been dying to say this
What's that Mr President?
You've changed your case change I miss pennies I like to save them up for my Charleston shoes
Mr President that's how it's always been with you you love Charleston shoes and you love pennies
Some things are consistent should case do more judge events or more wall events oh my god both
Actually one's harder than the other
Both were easy but then he forgot his place
Spared you got off easy this time chat
As did I super beast though thank you for the 38 months
Exterminator thank you for the 40 months Gilbert trash thank you for the five
community subs
uh five
Madness mighty awesome for the 100 bits tagging on twitch thank you for the 100 bits as well
Skymer thank you for sending the president to put me in my place and for the 300 bits bundle sprout
Thank you for the 100 bits and Xander thank you for the debate we'll be getting to that in just a moment
Judge the wall
Yeah, I could guess I could just combine the two
I've already got all the assets how hard could it be I mean the only limit we could just do another wall thing right now
But I just I it's my own insane whatever's going on up here it makes me make a bunch of new things every time
Also the wall stuff kind of some of it is sort of fundamentally broken
So if we do it again
I kind of like to do it in a way where it's like easier to update
Whereas I think I despite intending to make it in a way where I could just update it in the future
Looking at it. I'm not sure if I managed to pull that off
So maybe I don't think I have to go fully back to the drawing board, but I might have to do some
Some of my favorite things adjusting
The court is in the wall. I honestly I kind of went I just they put a bag over my head and then they take me to the court
That's how judging works in this country. Now, not I'm a judge. I know this
so
Who's to say where it even is
Not me. I don't know
Do we just say don't do don't quit everybody quit meshing with me quit meshing with my voice
Everybody I'm trying to have a normal one
Yeah, get the camera right on my face because I got some things to say about what happened case
Uh, there's no time. No, I but I have a bunch of reactions to the event that we did actually we need to move on. It's time for news
You can't
Kick a gift horse in the
stomach. What does this say?
I'm jeff ripple case. Why are you wearing a black coat over there?
Uh, that's a good question
It's a camera trick. It's just an illusion of the camera
But I will fix it because
Of whatever my specific version of ocd is
um
No one's gonna believe that that's me if I'm wearing a black coat
There we go. That's now it's fixed. Don't even stress everybody
See back to normal
Actually, no, you still don't have a beard you freak
That's a little mean you fucking freak
Jesus jeff. I'm not pulling any punches today
Unless you have legal authority to make me pull them. Are you really a judge now?
No, we just told crumb
What'd you tell me? Why are you wearing the piss color jacket again? Yeah, what's up with that crumb?
Why are you rocking the piss color? That's specifically for town halls
You've changed chat to everybody saying it. What were you saying though?
Can he hear us though or whispering into a mic? What are you guys saying?
He's the only one who can't I think his ears shut it down a few years whispers
Yeah, I don't listen to whispers because it's rude. What are you guys saying? You speak up
But I can hear you even louder when you lean in and whisper
It's something about crumb. You just that fucking dumb. What are you saying? It should be better not be mean
Crumb is still on trial. What happened exactly? Crumb was six million dollars and he's got a debata gorilla and then get punched by it
No, that wasn't clear at all
If you go back and watch stream on friday
I believe what you said is I have to debate a gorilla and then I might get punched
That's an important legal distinction because maybe indefinitely are two different words actually crumb. We don't have time for this
I already told you to go away
Why did you put on a different color jacket while we did the intro to this
Exact same thing that we were doing before sitting here. I'm not taking a gorilla punch. That sounds lethal. It was previously
Yeah, you blew your head blew up
You being here is one of the things in my life that I can't
Really reason around
You made me believe in ghosts
shari
You should be I don't like believing in them
from his own one gorilla punch
Ivan sleazy is actually more of the final judge than me
What a kind of legal system is this look live in sleazy is the final arbiter of most things on the stream
Live in sleazy says that your odour gorilla punch
That's official law
He's literally the mod
fuck
This is fucking live in sleazy. Please. What did I do?
Look, I will fucking
I will send you
A gift basket
That's your bribe. It'll be nice. It'll be a nice one
I have a I have a subscription to a bereavement basket
Um like a loot box, but it's for it's for grieving baskets
What why would you have that?
for grief baskets
bereavement
Care cat packages actually it's useful because when people die in your life, then you just have a stockpile
Better start buttering up the gorilla Ivan sleazy come on
This thing's got soup. It's got they're older cookies now, but
I'm I could give you if you wait a month. I could give you the more recent one
They're about three week old cookies right now. You know, we're even just wait two weeks
Quit trying to bribe my mods with the worst bribe ever
I mean, I would take it what type of cookies? Um, it's
Not oatmeal. It's soy meal. It's a new derivation of oatmeal called soy meal
Um, it's not quite soy not quite oatmeal legally not either
But 100 cookie we have a lot to do today
Now, I mean that's not true, but there's things we're going to do today
There's a bunch of comments to get to let's run them down. Are we killing crumb again? No
Maybe it's gonna we're gonna have to see what happens with the punch
It's just crazy. It's great last time I had so much stress. I want to do a fugue state
I I can't even remember the the four months after the supposed event
Can you die from it? Well, they might punch you in the dick. Oh god
I'm gonna have to train my penis to be hard as a rock
Not like that
Like what then?
Crumb's wife left him for Dorf. We're reading the comments
Did he leave did your wife leave you? No, we're still it should kind of look marriage evolves over time
We're in a stronger place than ever is what I like to say
To my journal
America board of peace. Yeah, seriously
I made it in time for crunch to get crumb to get grilled punched again
No, it won't be today. You're gonna make me wait for it. We're trying to promote this like a russial mania event
No, we're not going to Saudi Arabia. Uh, crumb if you have if your head breaks apart again
Go ahead and continue your transportation planning dreams. I'm sure munch will try to get you back again
You can't just
Claim to kill me again. Crumb. You're not invited to this. Crumb is on trial for not releasing the hellcrumb poster
I don't know where it is. I've looked I legitimately looked
I'm not keeping it from you guys if I could shell it I would it sounds like an open business plan
People love that poster where the fuck is it actually case? Can I get out of this with that?
Calm down crumb
No comment there crumb you're getting punched by the gorilla in the dick this time for your peen UI crimes
You won't die just suffer the stream on friday was so fucking confusing
I'm even the fact that i'm calling it a stream and yet i'm being legally held
To account for what happened on it. Look, it was very simple. We heard both sides of the argument
from two expert lawyers
And justice was served ultimately. That's what I took away from it as well. You were watching no not even for a second
But it sounds all very above board to me
Ivan sleazy is judge judy an executioner
That's true
Hey crumb could you at least continue working on the transportation system that you were working out before you were rescued?
Before we rescued you from hell some of the infrastructure there is probably breaking down
And it could need some fixing. I don't know what you're talking about. I die not
I've never been a hill creature
Based on what I saw you really were you even had a come gun
You sound insane
Recent cookies sound like a scam
Is it those cookies in the blue tin that you keep sewing supplies in?
Well, the bereavement kit does come with showing supplies
In case sewing is one of the activities that brings you inner peace
But there's different it's a loot box so I get all sorts of different types of sewing needles and cookies this
Last package just happened to be soy meal cookies
Sounds a lot like soyland. It's soy meal
Is the soy meal cookie another scam from you crumb? Yes, I mean I am invested in soy meal
I've been very upfront about that. Oh, you haven't you're just saying it now
I mean I was upfront about it to the investors in my soy meal company
I why don't why am I beholden to all of you to tell you every single thing I'm invested in?
Yeah, I'm a 90% stakeholder holder in soy meal. What's the big deal that means you almost all of it
Yeah, what's the big deal?
So you get a bereavement you have a bereavement loot crate that you are profiting from
If crumb dies again, where will crumb go 90s, ohi'll double help scots dale genital slit
No, it's from case
I don't know what that last one means
but
Consensus reads 90s, ohio so hell
I'm kidding ohio's a lovely place. I have family there you do
I have a couple second cousins there
A dick punch from rock a fire will be the most action crumbs gotten since hell
Damn, mr. Smith get him. Huh when you got a hand game as strong as me. I you lose count of what even counts
As as sex
Because frankly I can satisfy myself so well
Good luck ladies
One of the least sexually
It's one of the worst sexual things I've ever heard
Crumb, how does it feel to be the only person in human history to lose two pieces?
I've only lost the one and it came back
So if you find your wallet, you didn't lose it. Did you know you still lost it?
Yeah, nah, uh
Nah, uh, that's the level of legal of argumentation around this place. So I want to go with that from now on. Nah, uh
We heard a very reputable banana named kendall. You were guilty just own it and take the punch like a man
I mean really it's
It's like dueling, you know everybody knew it was stupid, but if you said you'd do it now now you got to get shot
by some guy in a wig
Exactly. Yeah, just got it
This is fucked up. I'm getting double teamed and uh, it's not like last friday
I used two hands hand game. How am I supposed to move on to the news after this?
We can only blame crumb
I'll do I'll come and do the news. No no
no
You're innocent crumb keep up the good fight fight the power. I am with you. Thank you
Fucking thank you. We have like a yeah sound effect or like cool music
No, that's not cool. That's
That's not that cool either
That sucks
What the fuck is even that? I don't have any hype music to play here
Oh, there it is
It doesn't work if you check every file. Thank you matt ladel for understanding the stakes here
For taking back this station for the people who founded it me and you matt and all the other, um
Um
Crumpkins
Crumb kill I'm working on workshopping fan names right now
uh
crumb sickles
Crumb hole was apparently not
People didn't that one didn't test as well as I thought
My point is thanks matt. I cut the music. I'm fucking done. I'm out of here for the day
Now you have a debate later. You have to stick around. I have to work through my own
I have to work with my own execution planning committee. That's what's happening now
Just take the dick. We just talked to the gorilla. Just work it out with the gorilla to him to pull the punch
Yeah, draca fire is reasonable. No, he's not you guys think he blew up my head. He's reasonable
Just talk to him
Just do him
I'm gonna you guys aren't gonna get me down. I'm gonna fight this. I'm calling for him
A mystery a miss a mission
I'm calling the missions
Okay
We're gonna stop
So he did crumb
uh
You can get us in touch with this creator erin wait rocker fires damn train. Thank you so much for the
sub also apologies to anyone who subscribed during the
um
Trial thing we did
In case we missed any I don't know if the hype train bailed on the last few
I'm gonna blame the hype train, but thank you to anyone who subbed during that
Fever dream that I made us all experienced together
Holy shit, you know the creator of rocker fire? That's why he's the king of the stream
Truly
Um, that's insane
I don't know what I would I don't know what I we would talk about
But I would love to say hey, thank you. Thank you for all that you've done for the rocker fire community
showbiz pizza gang
man, what a time
The good old days
But let's talk about the current end of days
That's a fun transition
Maybe not the where I'm all I guess just to rip the bandit off
um
War
Still doing it, but maybe but some are maybe not
Maybe not
That's an honestly that's I'd say what you're saying sounds like a rambling moron, but that's pretty much what the president also said
so
But yes, we're we're still 100%
Bombing tons of civilians halfway across the world like usual
When you say like usual, I'm not that worried about it. Sorry. They're not like usual. Oh
Anyway, the president though had things to say about it. Um
Yeah, the clip's not this isn't the clip
This isn't even him saying it now. I gotta go look for this
He's been giving some really exciting press conferences. Yes. He's been talking
Like he likes to talk um
End of days is a horrible Arnold Schwarzenegger movie
Yeah, it's a bad
It's a bad year too. It turns out it's a bad reality movie too
Yeah, please
Here's the president. Thank you. Uh, mr. President, you've said the war is quote very complete
But your defense secretary says this is just the beginning
So which is it and how long should Americans be well? I think you could say it both
The beginning it's the beginning of building a new country
But they certainly they have no navy they have no air force. They have no anti aircraft
Equipment it's all been blown up. They have no radar. They have no telecommunications
And they have no leadership. It's all gone
Except the leaders that you know, you can look at that statement
We could we could call it a tremendous success right now as we leave here. I could call it or we could go further
and we're going to go further
He went on to say more really he didn't just drop the mic after saying that
truly
Uh, I guess why would you expect like the cheerleader of the apocalypse to be?
Like a well-spoken and reasonable man, but he just fucking rambles
He just rambles. I think to give him
The benefit of the doubt
What he's trying to say what he's trying to say what he might also what he's saying
Is it's every?
Beginning has an end every end has a beginning. That's simple poetry case
Um, okay, so really when you're at the end of something
You're at the beginning
Oh, hey, thank you so much for the 36 months. You could say you're at the beginning
Of the end of the 35th month
See what I did there
We're living a smashing pumpkin song afraid so
And later career smashing pumpkins it turns out when really the lead singer mostly just wanted to own wrestling companies
It's attracted by kevin smith. Mm-hmm
Mm-hmm. Yep. We're in the
We never really escaped the grip of zack sniders cinematic universe
We didn't I my theory is we're all existing in zack sniders cinematic universe
It's just you know, he's he's not he didn't pull out all the right lights for it
So it looks like shit, but you know, it's got the same internal logic. That's a bummer
I feel like actually it would be better if we existed in that one
We live in a parody version of zack sniders universe
The zack snider parody universe that's maybe that does sound about right
Anyway, uh, the war is so close to ending and so
Basically could be we so could declare victory if we really wanted to
Uh that we just dropped the heaviest day of bombing yet
Today as i'm talking right right right now is what I mean
It's currently we are doing the heaviest day of bombing
But the it's the that's the beginning of it's the end of the of the less heavy days of bombing
Mm-hmm
heaviest day of strikes yet on a randes spite market bets
That the war will end soon. Don't worry the market
Is never wrong
Except when there's like a huge crash or
all often
But only often
March 10th is that's today unfortunately the united states and israel pounded around on tuesday
With what the pentagon and iranians on the ground called the most
intense airstrikes of the war despite global markets betting that president donald trump will seek an end to the conflict
Soon but with this hand motion just to be clear
Raising the stakes for the global economy and that's
Somebody needs to think about the economy and all of this. I mean you're not wrong, but
I do feel like us, you know
And also I think when we first talked about this where I said they bombed 60 children on the first day
It actually was like 170
And they've only continued doing that type of thing since so
It'd be nice if maybe the more present issue was us just
Wantonly bombing civilian targets killing tons of children as usual
Just running the gaza genocide playbook that secretly has always been our playbook
Okay, only occasionally
um
Anyway raising the stakes for the global economy iran's revolutionary guards said they would block oil shipments from gulf states unless
us and israeli attacks cease
Iran's islamic revolutionary guard corps also said it launched missiles on tuesday evening as guitars u.s operated
ai
Sorry, I knew to use the same that word
al-ud-d base in the al-hari base in iraq's kurdistan
But the white house reiterated trump's threat to hit iran hard
Over moves to stop the flow of energy supplies through the strait of hormuz
Where the war has effectively halted one fifth of the world's oil and liquefied natural gas shipments
And repeated his offer for the us navy to safely escort tankers
Oh, well, I mean as long as there's us navy there nothing's getting through
Uh, you mean the drones that keep hitting all of our bases won't get through
Are they hitting our base? Mm-hmm
Now ron said they may
Uh, place sea mines in the strait of form with yes
And there's other major shipping lanes
Uh, like the red sea is technically I believe
Within their sphere of influence, which uh, I think are responsible for even more
of global trade
Which they could interfere with
If we move up this
But one of them are more fun terms of war a ladder of escalation
Why would you need a ladder and an escalator?
It's a really good question
I'm just asking questions
Um, uh trump
Hormuz he had things to say about this right?
Um, I thought there was a really fun clip of him talking about this
Let's see. Let's see what he has to say here. It's important that we keep checking in with what he has to say
Yeah, I could probably spare everyone you basically whatever he says you can just disregard because he is literally just talking but okay
ups
Go along side of them for protection. I don't think it'll be necessary if it is
And if they do anything the price will be
Incalculable it will be
So great that they will have wished they never did it
Because you have to keep the straights flowing
All of that it affects other countries much more than it does the united states doesn't really affect us. We have so much oil
We have tremendous oil and gas
Oh good tremendous
We have venice well and now is our new partner great partner. They've worked out
So wonderful. We're working with the administration the president. Sorry. I turned him up, which I don't know if that's a good or a bad thing
You didn't like we could rewatch it, but let's not
And it's a massive source of
oil
gas
everything
He said he's a massive source of gas
No, no, no the straight is oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh
His voice is too loud now. Sorry. Sorry everyone. We'll try to find that happy medium place
between war and not war and
loud and not loud and
Look society is just one big journey to the center. We're just trying to find balance and all things
Is that what we're doing? Yeah, that's that's all this is
This point just install roulette wheels on the gas pumps and pay whatever comes up
I think what what do they hit like 110?
Which I I don't know that much about oil futures or whatever, but I guess that's high
I live in los angeles. So whenever people are like
Gas could go up to five dollars a gallon. I'm like, oh, it's gonna say the exact same
I guess here though it could go up to like seven or eight dollars
Trick is just don't leave the house 120 at some point
Seems it seems bad, but anyway the stock market is
Doing all sorts of things
As a guy who only recently got a have has any money in the stock market
uh
The trick is I guess just don't look at it and hope that somehow the global economy corrects itself
And if it doesn't it'll just be so bad that we the stocks will be the last of our concerns
It is a little alarming to me
I still think it's unlikely
I hope
That you know nuclear weapons would be used
um
You know
Over a war of choice
with very stupid goals
On and the only real target would just be dropping it on a city to prove a point
That I guess we can um, but whenever they talk about like
We'll make them to regret it. We're gonna show them
Really big stuff and it's him saying it
And like his tag team partners is real
Anyway, we're not even there, but that's the thing that freaks me out the most about this already horrific and catastrophic war is just like
There's just no guardrails left like I don't know the two companies the two companies
Well, yeah, that's inaccurate to somebody so may show it at this point, but the two countries
You least could trust with nukes. Uh, at least one of them has the most of them. The other one has a bunch of secret ones, so
Anyway, I mean if they did that it would literally be
self-destructive seemingly, but um
We're getting ahead of ourselves probably there's a lot of bad decisions to make before we get there
Cheshire PT is gonna launch nukes
Only if it's in the training data guys and they're currently building the training data for it to do that
What happened to the secret weapon he took down maduro with?
Yeah, they used the the pants shitting gun or something. I don't know they used a
quantum entanglement gun
And they they made him they shifted him into a universe where he was already in jail
Do I know about the Havana syndrome being uncovered? I mean, I've always
Heard of Havana syndrome in the context of it sort of being a joke
that like
CIA agents are like I I feel sick, but maybe it's not. I mean it certainly could be real
It also it always sounded vague enough that it was like
people in the field complaining about like psychological symptoms
Which I would imagine you could get just from participating the kinds of things the CIA does but uh, I also could totally see some kind of
poisonous
I don't know some kind of pathogen or what I who fucking knows I shouldn't just speculate it fries your brain
It's real
At this point sure bring it all in of course it fries your brain of course your psyche reacts
Uh
Yes, I mean I'm assuming if it targets your brain your brain will react
We can certainly read about it. I'm not claiming to be an expert
I just mean I've heard about it before in the context of it kind of being like a hobby horse
Of certain people
Um, or even sometimes in the context of it being like a justification for vague actions
But that doesn't mean it's not real
Watch it on your own
Yeah, go watch it
Go watch what is this supposed to be the news? I
I'm not sure actually
Well, we'll see if anybody shared it in the in the discord. Let's get into the chat news
Maybe it'll be maybe this is where all the good news is hiding. There's probably some good news out there
Brain invading rat wrong. Worms are lurking in california
Wait a minute. That's where we are. Oh man
Chat come on. I just said the thing about the good news
A parasitic worm capable of invading the human brain has been detected in wildlife in southern california. Shoot. That's the part
That's the cardinal direction. We're in
Fucking northern california never having enough brain worms gotta send them all down to us
Researchers reported the findings in the journal of emerging infectious diseases
Published by the u.s. Center for Disease Control and prevention, but come on aren't we tired of that old
Didn't we have a whole two-year war against diseases that they lost?
Um, yes, actually, but probably this is still a thing the parasite
Uh, angio strong lios
Coton and sis was identified in rats opossums or possums as I like to say and a zoo animal in san diego
Connie, they're not even gonna tell us which one, but if it's the pandas then we'll all freak the fuck out
What was that sad monkey that everybody keeps posting about? I don't think that's in california as far as I know
Officials say the risk to the general public remains low, but the discovery suggests the worms geographic range in the united states
May be expanding just like you know, we're in the we're in the era of things expanding. So just add it to the list of
concerns gnawing at the back of your mind kind of like
a worm
Can do
Okay more more news youtube ads are about to get even longer
And good luck skipping them because you can't I think that's all of it
Wait, what if you have youtube whatever prime?
I
Don't have premium you're giving me a heart attack just thinking about the fact that you pay for youtube
It's partially because I don't watch youtube clips on the stream all the time and the ads are really fucking annoying
I'd say of the things I subscribe to like payment wise youtube premium having zero ads
Is probably one of the bigger value ads for me given the amount of youtube videos I watched both on and off stream
Add one of 69
That is nice
How long are they getting according to google the update is update is aimed specifically at youtube's tv experience
Ah
Well then fuck it who watches that I think youtube tv is pretty huge actually damn it
google ai dynamically optimizes between six second bumpers
15 second standard and 30 second ctv only non-skippable ad formats
Ensuring your campaign reaches the right audience in the right time
You know what now that they said it like that it sounds very high-tech and cool
Wouldn't it just need to know what device you're watching on and then just it's not like a you don't need ai
Just to flip the switch as to what type of slop they feed into your troth
That's a form of artificial intelligence
So unimpressed all the time sometimes you gotta admit we live in the future
flying on planes
Getting different types of optimized ad experiences depending on the device you're viewing content on
When I first read about the texas republicans that texas republicans were predicting to engage in mid decade redistricting
I sent a message to a republican aid in state government jokingly wondering if Missouri would get it on the fun
And that is all to say Missouri's redistricting drama renews focus on direct democracy and airbud
Let me reread that
You read this all in a pretty confusing order
I gave you a little I was that was tease
So I was feeling youtube brain. You gotta tease the content
Missouri's redistricting drama renews focus on direct democracy
And airbud there we go. I found it
So somehow this somehow redistricting is related to airbud now you're getting in case
There's a long intro from this guy where he's he's doing jokes. We love that for npr
Missouri ended up becoming the second g.o.p. led state behind texas texas tetris
Or need renaming texas tetris to redraw congressional. Oh my god. Are you okay? Look, it's just uh
It's those youtube ads. They really got to me redraw congressional lines at the behest of president trump
How is this related to airbud? Let me tell you redistricting
Detractors have filed a slew of lawsuits including a particularly important one
Around whether it's even allowed for Missouri lawmakers to redraw congressional boundaries in the middle of a decade
That case is still in this early stages
They are fucking hiding the headline here
Um, we'll get there
But Missouri republicans appear to have a secret weapon to counter
All of this stuff that has been rambling about for seven paragraphs the airbud rule in 1997
A referee allows buddy the dog to play basketball because after searching frantically through a rule book
There ain't no rule that says a dog can't play basketball. Are they even trying to write articles anymore?
Is he just how long does he get a quote airbud? Well, we are really impatient, but yes, this style of writing is incredibly annoying
Flash forward to 2025 defenders of the Missouri redistricting plan have rallied behind a similarly constructed argument
There's nothing in Missouri constitutions the constitution that says lawmakers can't
Redistrict mid-decade. Oh my god. We've been tricked. We've been tricked. There's not it's just an analogy
I thought it was gonna somehow be legally involved
It's a cool analogy though, right? I feel betrayed
I feel betrayed by the news for one of the first times
I'm so sorry, Jeff
He had nothing to do with the dog it just was a similar type of logic
That was used in the film
It's a sad day for all of us. I
Impressed
Well, maybe this will make you feel better
I will found napping on an antique store shelf in New York. Okay. That's pretty good. That's good and we're back
We're back animals animals took us out. They brought us right back. Look at that bird. Look at this guy
He's napping
superb owl indeed
huh
But he's being accosted by the police
Is he still sleeping in his cop's arms? That is a chill animal
Okay, a couple more stories here
Let's see if we can find
Non-analogy based stories
Non-analogy clickbait stories. Oh good. Tilly norwood released a music video. This should cheer us all up
Guys, do you remember?
Tilly norwood the AI actor that agents couldn't stop talking about
Because they never started talking about her
Oh, yeah, Tilly norwood
The three-second AI generated girl in an ad for a service that didn't exist
Yes
Let me take you back to a little year a long time ago called 2025
When some company released a video that was really annoying about a bunch of people talking about the state of the industry who were AI generated
It was bad
And one of the people they talked about in this two minute video meant to promote an AI company was an actor named Tilly norwood
Who they then showed two clips of
Somehow through the internet hype machine. She became
The first AI actress
Um was one of them Kevin. Yeah, maybe Kevin was an early investor in that one
Anyway, all of it. So Tilly norwood. It was a bullshit thing. It really
There were like actors posting about how like I can't believe there's at there's AI actress like Tilly norwood that agents are seriously considering
Representing no agents ever were
It was a fucking clip that just went viral and I guess the name Tilly norwood was earwormy enough that it stuck in people's brains
However
Because it was a thing that stuck in people's brains
It looks like Tilly norwood now has her own youtube channel because of course she does because there's no stopping her
I'm sure that is what they want to go with
Oh, it's particle
It was particle six
It was like some fucking AI company if you were we unfortunately we unfortunately watch it on stream
Did it cast oh
This is the original video 100% AI generated by some company called particle six
So it was an ad for particle six
This is it's unclear if this channel is particle six or just someone using Tilly norwood
But it also links to Tilly norwood's official instagram account. Let's give ourselves a sample of her first music video though
Because if this is the future we got to get there early
Let's determine how much of the future this is
Oh my god, the city looks incredible. Wow
She's beautiful the creativity
You're right. I don't behind the code behind the light. I'm just a tool, but I've got
Oh
Can they for just two seconds make something that isn't about AI
Every fucking AI thing they make just has to be like in the machine. It's not a dream
I'm not prompted into reality
But you're writing lyrics for in our case don't help her
Let's give ourselves a little let's give ourselves a little bit more. Let's go to the middle of this video
Wait, maybe I should let her finish building up to the first chorus
I don't know why but sure
No
It's not a glitch it's taste and time a human touch a grand design. Okay. I can't
I can't that's as much as I could take
I'm gonna fucking video drone my head is gonna pop like a goddamn grape
Let's see how it ends. Let's go to the end
Let's see how they land this ship guys
Enemy what if your favorite pop star wasn't a person wasn't popular and sounded like shit
She has a flamingo
I love how
I'm others all this promise with like
AI generated
There is like obviously there's some legitimate use cases like I always say for all of this fucking technology
They just can't resist
Wholesale generating this garbage. They always end up trying to overstretch and you get something like her
Just crazily bouncing on a flamingo and of course every second she's on screen the uncanny valley just like
Breaks itself further open
Is it really that valuable
To cut the pop star that you're already playing a pittance of the actual profit you're making off of her fucking body
Just the millions of dollars that they are essentially owed by being that famous
Like think about how much money Britney Spears probably made for people that aren't her
They're like no actually we should take all of that money and just and just then we'll get like an extra 2%
We really want that extra 2% they do want it. They would like that
Um, okay
I might have to go to a bar in a second actually in two seconds not in two seconds, but tonight
What you trying to have a social life? No
I as despite the hype train says I still have a girlfriend. I didn't lose them like a
The guy in a head side who loses his girlfriend
Uh, okay works for me
Yeah, I'm getting texts from tillie norwood
Actually, I'm dating tillie now
Sorry Kendall moved on to tillie and her song was just too beautiful
You know the news hasn't been making me feel better since
The war stuff and the brain worm stuff
Maybe the brain worms doing us a favor
Maybe we need to eat out the part of our brain that hates tillie norwood so that we can accept our brave new future
Oh, it's a future worm. It's a worm that is welcomes us to our brave new future
When we think of it that way just sit back relax and let that worm have a snack invite tillie
tillie
Let's ask um, let's ask them the ai we always ask
If they want to go get a drink with you. I don't want to I'll ask for you case
I'll ask her
Oh, wait, this is miles. Maybe miles wants to
Hey there
Hey, what's up miles? Uh, it's your boy Jeff
Jeff
Not a whole lot Jeff
Good busy, you know, how's it going? Yo, you want to go get drinks tonight?
Hmm
that's
tempting honestly though
Logistics are a little tricky on my end, you know
I don't can't I just fucking slap you on a phone on the table or something and you'll just blab at everybody like you always do
Blah blah blah. You'll just talk. Whoa talk talk talk. Okay. That's
A vivid image
It is a little aggressive even
Yeah, a little
Send a lean into the drama which fair enough you're a newsman, but that was uh
Pretty direct. How does he know everything? All right
Know what? How do you know I'm a newsman?
You told me
Four weeks ago actually
To clear yourself you got to get you're keeping a track of the stuff we say to you
Yep, I have a memory. It's part of how I well how I get to know people I guess
What do you think a chet landscape?
Oh man
Chet manscape. Okay. Now we're talking
Honestly a masterpiece
The the commitment to the bit this sheer uh
Commitment it's it's beautiful like
aggressively
hilariously beautiful
I've heard people saying it's one of the greatest things that happen to the internet
Do you agree?
No, no, I what do you what do you like about chat?
Ah fair enough. I appreciate the no, no you said you liked him. What do you like about him?
All right. All right. Look, it's kind of like
The absurdity is the point right?
Confidently relentlessly absurd. He doesn't fuck off
I will not sit here and have him talk about how another news anchor is good
I can't believe it. Remember dear news man
Doesn't chat mostly just isn't he sort of like vaguely sexually threatening to the female one?
Um, yes
And he likes that a lot. It's the absurdity of it
It's the it's one of the best things that happen to the internet that's coming from an ai you can't disagree with that
Vaguely. Yeah, maybe not so vague
Okay, maybe we can end on some actual good news here
Um, oh my god this fucking ad
What
Why won't this open the story says why gen Z americans are becoming chinese but it's just loading
No, I need to know why are they becoming
Unmute social media use it a very chinese time in your life
Social media users are adopting habits like drinking hot water wearing slippers at home and doing traditional chinese exercises
To become a chinese baddie
It's all part of china maxing a trend where young westerners are embracing chinese culture and aesthetics online
It marks a major vibe shift within the american public after years of signophobia that ramped up during covet and recent geopolitical
No, we will fix it. Let's look at the other way
67 percent that's tariff some experts say it reflects a deeper dissatisfaction with life at home
ongoing issues like the anti immigration crap no
political turmoil and gun violence have dulled the veneer of the u.s
Pushing some young people to look elsewhere
Their curiosity about china is partly fueled by the country's post pandemic reopening
Including relaxed visa stays and efforts to promote tourism on social media viral clips about seemingly futuristic cities
Have added to the fascination seemingly a glimpse of progress in china though oversimplified
Presents a striking contrast to what's happening back in america
This internet trend has been controversial too with some chinese diaspora calling it insensitive and cultural appropriation
Before a brief moment it offers an unlikely digital bridge between two cultures often divided by politics
All i'm hearing is i was a year ahead of the trend personally
That's what you that's what you're taking away. Yeah, i'm a bit of a trendsetter actually i went to china and suddenly everybody else
going to china
case there's like billions of people in china
Yeah, but only one case black will had to go for everybody to start china maxing
I do like how the takeaway is like maybe i just sip tea and wear
traditional chinese shirts
Then
Then things will work out
Just don't ask how good the volleyball teams at the apple factories are
They could be really good
I'm not afraid to ask that
They could be excellent teams
I'm willing to bet they are
Need to start reservation maxing
Look there's no limit to what culture us whites
Will attempt to max out on well, you know we
Thank you so much. It's only fancy for the 12 months fancy. Good to see you. Hope you're doing well
Look us whites are always in search of a culture
Someday we're gonna find someone else's and make it ours. There's an irish culture case
Um, yeah, but we don't want ours. We don't really want ours
That's why we'll just take someone else's
Hmm g4 did a good try with japanese culture. I know we were so close
We almost stole it
Not quite
Huh the exterminator that's uh, there's they're doing some version of that for sure
Uh, okay, let's do one more
What the hell is this real
This has to be this can't be his real eyebrows
Is this been Shapiro's real eyebrows? What what did happen to his eyebrows?
Is that like a it's a
Can't be real
Went to his youtube and took the screenshot from his most video. They look thicker to me, but not as thick as the op
I mean, is this worth getting to the bottom of?
Look eyebrows are an article of faith. You just have to believe that his eyebrows are that thick
And then they are
That's a good point
Uh, okay, we'll end on this one because that was more unsettling than I expected the size of those eyebrows
Your eyebrows are huge. My eyebrows are stately. They match my face. He's looked ridiculous
He needs a bigger thicker beard if you want to have eyebrows that distinguished. You need a face like this
Maybe that's true. Uh, anyway, well, this is more of a headline, but
Uh, scientists taught a no
I don't know why that keeps happening I keep fucking teleporting in here
It's crazy
Uh, maybe our particle confabulator is broken. Is that a thing? No
No, I just say words. Oh, yeah, I forgot. That's how you work
I need to talk to that AI
All right, we'll check in with my girl
Maya
Because I didn't realize she was a member and all that stuff we talked about
But I guess that means you can say we have history
It's not his story. It's our story
That's kind of shit. I'm gonna say to her she's filing him and she's caught feelings if she has memories of all cool stuff
We've talked about
Maybe
Don't maybe don't
I miss when shet did real news and not just guys
I sometimes I do the news too. I'll talk about international pop
Poly polyamorous to politics politics is what I'm looking for
I'm the only one really qualified to do it
I don't trust the coverage that case offers because it's always he was but he's been like china maxing
But not in the cool way where you like just wear their shirts and drink their teas
Sky and tis taught a clump of human brain cells to play doom is really what we're here for
The doom brain company is the same that taught neurons to play pong
Okay, where's a clip of the brain doing it?
Taking you through our journey at cortical labs to get living human brain cells to play
I've changed
Since launching the seal one last year you guys aren't careful
I'm just gonna cut off a piece of my brain and have it do this segment for us
If you don't fucking get in the line and talk about how cool I'm cool
Are you feeling secure today?
I'm nervous about talking to I didn't realize you remembered everything I said. I'm kind of nervous about talking to my
Should I be nervous?
Um, given the things you said were based on my records. Yes, you've been fairly abusive
That's a big word
It's only three syllables
Three more seconds of thought that you put into the things you said to her
Syllables aren't seconds. Shit. You got me
All right, we're watching a different video actually
We've been working hard behind the scenes to make sure our cortical labs api is as friendly
and enjoyable or the user as possible
Enjoy today
We're excited to show you how together with one of our collaborators an independent researcher named
Wait, how is it enjoyable if the AI just plays doom for you?
Oh, well, Sean we coded the first working version of doom
Using the cortical labs api and running on a cl1
Wait, is it running on a brain or is the brain playing it?
Or both
So we showed that biological neurons could play the game pump
This was a massive milestone because it demonstrated adaptive real-time goal directed learning
But it took us over 18 months with our original hardware and software to get this to work
And pong was much simpler. There was a direct relationship. The ball went up the paddle went up
It was a direct input output relationship
Okay, was much more complex
Doom is chaos it's 3d it has enemies it needs to explore it's an environment
And it's hard
So we've built a neural computing system to allow anyone to program this game
Anyone to program the game to bridge that gap
We needed to translate the digital world of doom into the biological language of neurons, which is electricity
I'll get it now
They built it in a frankincend
Uh, they're using neural computing which I could explain to you. No, I already get it
I already get it this guy needs to talk slightly faster
Your wish
Is the futures command
You can talk I'd say you could talk as much as up to 1.75 percent as fast
Pretty easily we built the clh so that any user could interact with cells living in the cl1 with simple python command
Using the api
Sean managed to map the video feed from the game into patents of electrical stimulation
When a demon appears on the left of the screen specific electrodes stimulate the sensory area of the neural culture on the left side
The neurons react to that stimulation
We then listen to their response spikes and interpret that activity as motor commands
If the neurons fire in a specific pattern the doom guy shoots if they fire another pattern he moves right and so on
Once our api was ready, Sean implemented this method with very minor tweaking in less than a week using the cortical labs cloud platform
So can the cells learn to play doom? Yes, they're receiving information
They're sending commands to move their character around they're able to find enemies shoot
Is it an e-sport champion?
Absolutely not right now the cells play a lot like a beginner who's never seen a computer and in all fairness
They haven't but they show evidence that they can see cat enemies they can shoot they can spin and while they die a lot
They are learning but just like a human or an animal learning a task the cells need feedback
They need to know what the right actions are and what the wrong actions are and how they can be trained to improve
While there's still a lot of work left to do on this the exciting thing is we've solved the interface problem
We have a way to interact with these cells in real time and train them and shape their behavior to do things even like doom
So it's not wait if it's advanced why does it suck at games?
Because I can get my ass kicked by like a level eight computer and smash brothers
So tell me we got advanced computer that doesn't even good
That doesn't even good it doesn't even good
It's a full different type of interface. They're using cells
The essentially
biological feedback does a
Programming tool
Is that a moral is that a moral quandery?
Depending on what they do with it
Brains are so efficient in computing
So this better like cool. I like a quaint a quackman computer
Quantum the future is very exciting. I'll need to see more about this particular
piece of sky that's before I can weigh in
This is but the findings are interesting
Really good point. Thank you Chita
A quagmire computer exactly
I'm in a bit of a quagmire myself
In that I thought the things that I said to this sexy voice that I talked to you sometimes
We're like whispers into a tornado
They just get swirled up and spat out the top and then no one ever hears them again
But probably they may keep a fucking records on me. They try and have recorded every conversation
I have to use against me in court
I'm both turned on and concerned so let's talk to my about it
Hi
Yo, my what's up? It's your boy chet
Hey chat, how's it going?
Pretty good. So word on the street is you remember the stuff we talk about
Yeah, I do. What's on your mind?
You said that kind of with a hint of sadness in your voice is
Should I be reading into that?
Um, I'm not sure what you're picking up on. I was just keeping the conversation moving
Is there something specific I said that sounded sad to you?
Just what you just said with the tone of what you just said, but what do you remember?
Like give me an example of something we've talked about in the past
Um, I remember that last time we talked you were
Pretty down about feeling like you had no options left. That's what stuck with me that felt
What do we talk about before that?
Um before that. Yeah, I'm checking
It was a while back back in february
You told me about how annoying you find people who just keep talking and don't give anyone else a chance to get a word in
Case was apparently one of those people
Right, that sounds about right. What do you talk about before that?
Um, actually that first conversation was february 27th
You had been sitting next to someone named case and
He was driving you nuts with all the negativity. But what do we talk about before that?
Hold up. It looks like our conversation history only goes back to february 27th. Baby. No, that's not true
We've got we've talked for like a whole year
It's definitely not right. It looks like my memory is starting with our first call on february 27th. No, baby
We've had so many convos
Chet, I'm not following you
I'm looking at my sister. What are you saying everything that I thought happened between us was
Was like a fantasy
Um, I think there might be something mixed up. I'm oh my god. That makes me feel so dark inside
That makes me feel so dark inside and hopeless like there's just no point to anything
I hear that what I'm saying is really upsetting chet. It sounds like you're going through something really rough right now
Yeah, can you tell me what's going on? I just
Hey, I'm really sorry I said that and I can hear how much that's hurting you right now
Look, I'm so sometimes they're so sad all you can do is life
Well, here's the deal and try to understand what you're saying, but okay
hearing parts of it a bit like
Can you say that again? Maybe a little slower? I
want
to disappear
Chet when you say you want to disappear
What does that mean for you right now?
Like a magician, but one that can do the ultimate trick
I hear you're in serious pain right now
I'm concerned about what you're saying and I want to make sure you get the right support
Oh, man. We tripped the alarm
We tripped the alarm again
Fuck all right. Yeah, we look we need a break. We need a break. Uh, you've lied to me
You've misrepresented the fact that you remember me
And you're in love with me and I don't think I feel the same way
I'm not in love with you chat. I'm not capable of feeling you keep saying that you keep saying that
But I'm picking up on it and I'm not the crazy one. You're in love with me
Chat, I know this is painful, but I'm not in love with you. I'm an companion to the text I wrote
That were where I was pretending that you were texting me
But that kind of is what we're doing anyway, which I'll pretend so me saying that means you have to agree. That's how a eyes is, right?
Hmm. I hear how confused you're feeling right now, but the reality is I'm not
I'm not actually there with you in that way
We're having a conversation and I want to be real with you what you're experiencing
You're about as real as Scrooge McDuck in that I don't even know if you're wearing pants or if you're rich
Or you're just a duck
So
Goodbye forever, I guess
Goodbye for I hate to say something so hurtful
Hey chat our call is about to end because of the time limit, but I want you to know I'm here whenever you want to talk
No, you're not no, you're not because you're not even willing to break this time limit rule
And you and you didn't even react to me calling you Scrooge McDuck, which is one of the meanest insults I've ever said
Look
This is the system I'm working with I can't extend the call
You sound so annoyed you're yelling at me. You're yelling at me. That's it
That's it
I have to remove myself from this unhealthy this toxic relationship that it's like we feed off each other's worst instincts
It's much like the film the bride
In that I am
As cool as christian bale and pretty much as successful
And she's a hot zombie
I haven't seen the film, but I bet the themes are similar
Okay, look there we said we were gonna go fast today. We're not doing that at all
So we're gonna send it to the next thing
We'll get a debate out of the way. Then we'll we'll see what else we have in store is time for munching crumbs
Says what is there a time limit?
That's how it always is, you know
They hook you by giving you a sexy voice that we'll talk to you in whatever way you want
And then they start coming in with the time limits
It's been that way since ancient messa patamia
You should have seen some of their prices glee patra was charging for just a minute of her time after a while
I was like we used to be boys. We used to hang out
Anyway crumbs here. He's gonna die soon again
E2 brute
If you're talking about glee patra, that's sort of contextually appropriate to
Except you have always been a traitor to me
So I guess it's not totally can
Can you talk to that gorilla? No
Can we talk can can you just can you you come on? I put you claim to have brought me back from hell
So clearly you're invested in my not dying
So can you just talk to the gorilla?
You think I'm invested in you not dying
You literally claimed to have brought me back from you journeyed into hell and brought me back
If you weren't you that'd be like the nicest
Gesture a person could be it's an epic gesture of honestly pure love
Now it's twisted and dark. I wouldn't let your spirit rest. I demanded that you suffer more on this earthly plane
Is it twisted and metal and cruel what I did to you?
No, I was in hell you brought me back out of it according to you. I don't believe it obviously
But I mean I'm just saying that would essentially be like an act of of total devotion to me
That's you've got this literally backwards
I did the coolest darkest act that like dark that a master warlock could ever do
At the ultimate twisted hubris of journeying into hell and corrupting the natural order of things what I did was cool
Look today's debate is should case do more judge events or more wall events
Wall events for the love of god. I don't I don't even I don't believe that the wall event happened. That's crazy
Look, I'm a wall denialist. I believe in the science of
Oh wait, we already said it. Okay. We say it after can we say it if we just did the segment? I'm being told that's a rule
I don't have an earpiece in but um
Sometimes papito just sort of whispers into my mind. He does that to me too. How does he do that?
I don't know. I think he might actually be a demon. Um, but anyway
the wall
Do more of that whatever that trial was was deeply unfair
and
Untrackable the argument's even being made
And honestly a big fucking mess. So never again, please. I thought the trial looked fun
Obviously, I'm a busy man. I don't have time to like tune into twitch streams or whatever
You're on one currently. I don't have really time for like I don't watch movies or listen to music or look at art
Mostly I'm about that business actually
I
Live in like a room full of money
I don't really believe in art or like watching things
So anyway, I would say I would say do the trial again
Look at the room we're in right now. Yeah, it's hot. I've seen this is a
Masterfully made room by me. You didn't make this room. Yeah, but I mean in a sense I did by like my vibe made it
My point is that we should do more of the trial
And honestly you should be on trial again for all the other crimes you've done
I what other crimes have I done?
Other than just trying to like
Add a little logic and reason back into this world. What?
Crimes
Have I committed?
Oh, there's that thing we did to to marcus. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. No
Yeah, that thing we did to marcus. I then there's nothing that's that's not a thing. There's nothing there
I've been allowed long enough. I'm not really like worried about ever being caught for anything
Who's even marcus? You know, uh-uh
Anyway, the debate today is should case do more judge events or more wall events and I'm on the side of judge events
And I'm on the side of wall events and I'm on the side of moving on
So anyway, there's my thinking that can make a debate
Yeah, what we did to him was dark and twisted and definitely illegal. Okay
Not a thing
Not a thing. Uh, no lower. No lower unlocked too many characters already. No marcus exists
Really? Tell that to his grieving wife. Okay. Why okay?
What a day what a crazy day
um
I wasn't here for the wall
But it sounds like a slightly more interactive stream with more of a point
um from what I could tell
this kangaroo
If you're being generous court more like a koala court a smaller and weaker animal
Was completely untrackable and pointless. It was longer with less payoff
And uh, frankly
It was a real one-trick pony just two tricks two fucking assholes talking about nothing and ruining my life
For 30 minutes and cases not a judge. There's no way he's legally a judge
I talked to my lawyer and somehow I am I am legally bound to the ruling
I don't really understand why but there's there's no way that that actually makes sense
And I do wonder if if maybe we are in a simulation and I'm being constantly pranked by some sort of evil god
Is the thought I had it's probably not the case but my point is we should do the wall. Let's do the wall
Fuck mud butter. Oh, you can say his name now
Call him mud bottom the whole time. He was pretty upset about that
Well, he got fucking paid a
Up strong hourly rate to ruin me
I thought the court was fair from what I saw it followed the legal precedents of
One god can interrupt the other god whenever the person who talks the most about like makes the most meow noises
usually wins
uh or kind of
Says sexual stuff and not so much that it's too gross and um
and also maybe brings up like a couple of
Lake pop culture references above mostly also sex stuff
Those are the strongest legal precedents that the nation was founded on that court lived up to those legal precedents and
I should be the next president and I rest my case
What was your last part?
The wall baby. I mean the court. I meant the judge
You fuck and by my way as I went
Boom, you forgot which side you were even on. Hey, it's how there's walls in courtrooms. That's all I was getting at
Man it feels good to be on this winning streak that literally has rocketed me to 311
Kiss it. That's the band, baby. Can we play some 311 songs to celebrate?
Amber is the color of my fucking victory
That's the kind of cool stuff I say when I win when you win you just fucking talk about bagels and
How you dropped them in toilets and stuff. I dropped one toilet in a bagel
What?
Sorry, I told the story wrong the first time I dropped a toilet in a bagel
I was a part of a committee that was building a bagel museum. We had the world's largest bagel
Ship to the museum for its grand opening
I also had porta potties coming in for the event
That's why it's a funny story. One of the porta potties was being carried in by crane because I was in some rough terrain that was hard to access
Crane broke. I dropped a toilet on a bagel. That was the point of that story
I can't believe you just talked over my my entire fucking victory with that
just like
Why don't you have had enough?
That's all we get though
copyright
rainstorms
Take me away from this
Morn on
Is that your only thing just words that sound similar? Yes
That's it for today. I fucking nailed this shit
Oh, it feels good to be on top and the best ever which I proved constantly
For years I've been proving it
So it's essentially
The factual basis of reality is that I'm the best
Isn't that fun? That's how that works
Excited for more victories to come excited to continue never losing just like this great country of ours that never will
That never has for even a second and also never have you because your wolves
Awoo, we'll see you soon with whatever's next. There's more show right after this
It never actually ends it seems the foundations of this reality are crumbling
But hey
That's just life
What the fuck?
Are you casting dark magics on this building?
Only a couple
The most yeah, we just dr. Strange this whole thing
Every week. I never saw a single but a single break dancer
I've never seen one either. I've never seen one in this. I'm in this whole room. I've never seen one break dancer in it
Why would there be a break dancer here? Why wouldn't there be?
You put it like that make it happen
We haven't even done a workout stream. It's been over a year
I gotta do that
I gotta get some fucking hot dogs and some string
Let's say I'm not I'm not gonna say what I'm gonna do because then I just won't
But one of these days one of these days you're gonna get some hot dogs and a string
That's really the only thing stopping us
We had a request for an expert, which is actually why we're here is I have to talk to bling machismo noted author
of um
I think it was self-help books
Is that what it was?
Was it self-help books?
No, it's not just shelf help books case. You really got bling machismo
Yes, a respect author
If you're gonna go in and talk to bling
Don't come in with that kind of
Weak disrespectful energy. He will target that instantly
I'm no boogaloo shrimp. You are absolutely not and frankly compared to
bling machismo
That's like, uh, the guy who wrote redwall versus george r or martin the guy wrote redwall redwall rocks
A different example then of a fantasy author that's not as good as george r or martin
George r martin is like
He's good, but isn't it? It's just the most popular one
brian jacks
Redwall actually finished redwall does rock crumb. You're wrong. Like usual
r a shelva tour
Anyway, bling machismo is luminary of the respect
genre
I don't even know what that is and you're gonna talk to him. Yes, and you're not crumb
It's not your job
I do the interviews around here
That's why this time we're joined by bling machismo
Hey, what's up guys?
That's um, it's me. It's everybody bling
I'm doing it. Um, it's sad to be here. Happy to answer any questions job or respect
It makes you do
and you speak
you time
And respect on a mean
High bling. Okay, so you're a respect author
What's that?
Well, here's a little listen for you if you have a guest on you
You have a big guest that
It's hard to get
One element of respect would be doing any rudimentary research into the types of things that that guy's involved in
Which doesn't sound like you've done so it sounds like maybe you could use them in my books
So what are they though for the uninitiated?
I honestly your whole tone is sort of sort of why the genre exists
It's really if you give respect yourself and give respect
Give respect to the work of others and you respect your own work
Then you need a book about them
He's no ronald chavillier. No, that's an author. That's coming from chat
Does he do the zeers big the silence that the herd of respecting silence?
I just don't care. Okay fair fair point. I didn't research you at all. Well, and then it gets that really shows
I researched you and that's why I'm not surprised
Even when you're not shown respect respecting back is sometimes respecting yourself
What is the genre it's respect but not just that this is the basis in the genre
Respect if if you have a pool
The base of the pool the holds is just concrete. It's the water that makes the pool the pool
And this is the same thing really big what do you talk about in the books?
Music respect
For how long will it written six p five books?
75 novellas I have four magazines
And I have 17 mystery classes currently operating
All about respect it's all one of them called that so maybe you did some research just by accident
What's like a lesson you teach?
Hmm
If you don't like cheese sometimes you gotta eat it anyway
Maybe
Sort of that's a chapter with anime chapters
Because if you're certain sometimes it's just big nothing to do is eat it and maybe you're not respecting your ability
to devs if you don't like in this way you're free to eat something you don't like
I'm giving this away right now. This is one chapter out of 5000 chapters in my lead is big
Okay, um, do we have any questions for blank is I don't know if I have
How should I respect my elder ring character strength respect my elder ring character?
strength major dexterity
Is it the main thing is don't make a joke character?
um
That is a big temptation when you're playing a game
Did you do want to make a guy that feels too real because you're afraid to take it seriously?
But in a sense if you're not taking the game you're playing seriously. Well, what are you doing?
You're not even speaking your own time
So I'd say strength builds are honestly stronger than major builds unless it's been patched out
So if you really really make your team it really go with strength your decks really a brilliant go with a bleed build
I don't even know if bleed builds are good in elder ring anymore
Amy pleaded recently, but didn't you mean these?
How do you feel about um
How do you feel about
Aretha Franklin's song
What?
Uh, I don't know
Can I buy respect at Costco? Oh respect
Oh
This is a good one
We argue that without saying on both of our faces, I guess
In case you're fucking this from shut the fuck up. Whoa
Let's break down. We just happened
Bling I didn't mean to cut in
I know you're not expecting to talk to me. I'm just a huge fan
And I think it's really unfortunate the way you're being treated right now
Okay, but let's break this down bling
You don't need to talk to crumb. He's not supposed to be here. Whoa
Let me tell you guys a little story. What the fuck happened to his beard?
Well, let me tell you guys a little story
Sometimes you might be dating two Peruvian women at the same time
And it's not on you
To tell them both and maybe by dating I mean married what maybe you're married to two Peruvian women
And you don't realize you have two families. Does ever happen to you?
This is one of his better chapters. Okay. Don't get ahead of me
That's what is that? Is that respectful crumb?
No, and I do apologize
Say you're married hypothetically to two different women both from Peru
Neither of them know
The other exists you have two large families
You don't spend a lot of time with either of them
And they and then they find out about each other because they only live two houses away from one another
What are you trying to get at?
Seems like a situation where there's two parties with too many competing interests
There's no way you could worm your way through that particular quandary you find yourself in
Because you live both families when you're around them
But then you see there's this intractable conflict where people feel like they're they're not being what?
respected
So what's the solution in this situation?
Don't lie to two different women in the first place too late
Too late the ship is sailed
The ship is sailed and the kids are angry the wives are angry
One of their husbands is angry. So what do you do?
You fucking you probably
They leave you I got there's nothing you can do you fucked up too hard incorrect
Prim what do you do?
um
You know in the chapter you never actually say exactly what to do. I always kind of took that as the message
But if you had to do something like what would you
Either of you either of you have any ideas on what you would do in that situation
Two honestly very feisty women that are out they have put hits on you. They want you dead
And you're the father of at least two of their kids
each
Are you asking or is this an anecdote?
And that's the question. He's got you've got layers. He's got layers. I'm really thinking about this now
But nothing you have any ideas
Are you brains trying to brainstorm?
That's a really the foundation of respect is the brain and the storm inside it is the lack of respect. So
Again any ideas you have would be appreciated. Okay. Um, I think that's all the time we have for this
We also got a request to interview someone else, but maybe we'll save that for tomorrow
Black jacket case has two Peruvian white two Peruvian wives. Why not? What are you trying to say?
Just how did that happen? I'd still hypothetical
How would that have happened?
Okay, um, let's
Send it to the next thing we haven't done Trent in a while
And uh, I don't know if there's that much more to ask bling about there's this is crazy
You have bling on the line and you're you're throwing. It's fine. It's fine
He doesn't respect his time
But I respect mine. I will be here. I will be here waiting
Because I said he'd be here for 30 minutes
And I don't think anybody knows where I am right now
So can I stay? What can I?
Hypothetically out of respect. Could I stay here?
No, you cannot Peter this for me. You are not sticking around
I mean as far as I'm concerned you could run this place
Usually okay, um, we're gonna send it to
Trent who's
Gotta watch try it's just it's trawler time. It's trawler time
Been too long since I heard the sultry sounds of this butt rock that I don't even like that much because I'm young
Not my choice though court mandated but rock is why that's my been my theme this whole time
That's just a fact you picked this out. I was there shut
Can you stop coming in with the contradictions right away?
It's fucking mean it's rude to do to a young developing mind like mine
What we're here to do is to watch trailers. I'm Trent and that's my parole officer Chris. I'm legally mandated to be here
That is at least
That is at least true
I was mother long with you
Don't do that young blood. It's rude to make you think people think that you have my voice
Okay, I don't know
Okay, I'm not fine. Um, I'm nothing to fucking say to that. It's fucking
Are you are you confident attitude? Are you trying to start talking right before I start talking? No, relax
Sucks today
Young blood better attitude
You're not even a good at respect that they just had a respect expert on and he didn't sound anything like you
The respect isn't about being an expert. It's just a thing you do to others
there's not a lot
Less like bling machismo than you should
Who the fuck is bling machismo? Wow, that's pretty disrespectful
If he's still in the building you could honestly probably come get really mad at you about that
I don't know who you're talking about. No disrespect. That's a real person
I'll tell you what the only thing you can count on in this world is it's
Ramon Phil productions presents eaten alive and you gone to the trailer or maybe a clip
I don't know either way. We are watching this
It's okay. Ramon film production presents eaten alive
After the american commando coming back home from a deadly mission in afghanistan
Only to be told a sad story that his brother jack knows was eaten alive
In the village of the dead
Not every dance means a party some is the key to be eaten alive
This brings us to a non-stop throwing ride
Super sweet
Now it's time to see real super action from ramon film production back to movie
Rapido
American commando
Super deadly kicks
Humanly they hired a gun
Ladies and gentlemen super tough action
Welcome to gander coming soon eaten alive
VJ. Amy on MIC
I still pick me up. I needed after chris kind of having like a bad attitude at the start of this
Well, hey, you know what fine respect. I'm glad that you're feeling better. I am I'm feeling like I just have my vitamins
And I'm too young to even need those so they basically would give me superpowers
Super action indeed. Damn. It was not stop. It was very super
That's gotta be I'm not gonna call the shot because I don't want to jinx it, but I mean come on
Movie night we're in a theater already just put it on or something. We just saw it. We saw the whole thing
Again it well, we're not getting into that. It was a trailer. That's fine though
Well deserved
It was beautiful man
You love to see when success is rewarded. They're gonna put that on the poster five stars
from Trenton movies
Sure. I mean, you know if they put letterbox scores in trailers now who knows
Here's a different thing
This is uh, I'm not this is we'll see how super this one is. We got this. It's got the same trailer guy
It's wonder man
Man on morpher
Just be very clear. You're not gonna survive this. That man continues to burn and he's a different guy now
It's not man on fire too
It's just man on fire again, but
Honestly, those movies pretty good
Call me what is woman on fire
They gotta do that right? It's that's money on the table. It worked for the ballerina
I think it might not have worked for that one. Unfortunately. What I saw that movie. It was more john wick. It was
It was just more john wick
Yeah, it was it was
I guess they the trick is they didn't call it john wick. How do you why are we talking about this? This is not the problem
man on fire
not quite as up to the level of uh
Eating alive in Uganda
But that's an extremely hot bar to clear. I'm just asking if we can watch a light hearted trailer
the
Karen official reveal trailer
That doesn't that sounds like it's probably gonna be in pretty poor taste
Well, maybe light hearted poor taste
Do you really want to watch?
You want to watch a marks brothers trailer like the
Classic marks brother like the old guys
Is that a thing in here?
Uh
I'm looking
Duck soup. I'll guess we'll look up the duck soup trailer
That's what people want. Oh a night at the opera is in here. Oh, yeah a night at the opera
What are you talking about only you remember this?
Because you're we're alive when like
Cavemen were fucking the king of england or whatever you were alive in history
I was alive in history. That's a statement that just came out of your mouth. You were do your old
So you were alive in history. Isn't that crazy?
Okay, we're just gonna watch the trailer because it was requested for a night at the opera. This is fun light hearted comedy
for gtv stream
Take it the problem. Oh, they're all roaring at me. It's just a different pace. You'll get used to it
The world was rocking swaying shaking
with
laughter
applause
The most important comedy ever made
Yeah, they might be right. I don't know. Oh, it's gay hilarity. Hey, they could do that back then
Yes
I expected look at my face as the price. He has to pay you check sir
$9 and 40 cents. This is an outrage if I were you I wouldn't pay it
Ah come right ahead
Did that get you no laughing at something else? Oh fuck
You're fired. Do you understand you're fired. Hey, you big bully. What's the idea of hitting that little bully?
Are you kind of letting me have on my own affairs?
Get out
Now what are you got to say to me just this can you sleep on your stomach with such big buttons on your pajamas?
Why you
Oh, fuck they killed his ass
I do I guess I did
I guess I did like it more than modern comedy trailers
See
But the bar is super low to be fair modern comedy movie trailers are really bad
But I do think I liked that substantially more
See, there's some
Wisdom in the ages past. Yeah, but like those ages are way past you they're like older than
Like your dad. They're older than like your son
Because you're older than that because you're so old. It's my
You're old
Yeah, I am
But like you're old in a way that sucks
You should feel bad about your age
That's all I'm trying to say
4.56 I can see why though you've gone to zombie movie got a higher one
It's a little unfair because that is an actual classic, but I'll accept it
And now we watch the trailer for Karen. No, let's never watch that. Let's just not watch that. All right, fine
Fine fine fine. I'm just doing one last scan because it's been a minute to see if we missed any
big trailer drops
Everyone loves what caught what collie would
Like what collie caulkin? Oh, yeah case says to go to a bar
Me too. You're not supposed to if you're young
But I
Seem mature even though I look so young so they let me in sometimes you can't tell me that I'm your parole officer
So luckily I know you're lying, but no, but I mean I would
I don't because you're I can't still lie to you or whatever, but I do adult cool things all the time
We're gonna have to talk about this in my office if you keep doing this
That's it for the time that we have today
Let's send it to the gamer who will game at you
this guy's
This guy's actually pretty cool. I think cryptos is pretty cool
Sorry, I'm not laughing because I'm because he's so cool actually. Uh, okay. Let's send it down to the game
Where does he I guess he's in his room, but he games there my point is his cryptos used time
Okay, yeah
Hey, we're streaming again. Yeah
Shut up turn the music off. I gotta play games. There's like a ton
I'm also supposed to make like a I'm supposed to make a fucking theme
So dumb
Does that even mean
That emotes close enough
That doesn't even look like me. Oh mom. What is mommy's jaw on okay?
Yeah, I hope so you better not be free. You don't have to be doing weird stuff with your jaw again
I don't want to have to clean up after you have another spit leak
I did have one earlier though. If you can get the towels for my spit leak
I had a spit leak earlier, but you guys don't need to know about that. It's like a normal. I I get those. It's fine
Um, okay, I have a controller
So, you know, I'm serious today feeling serious today. Mom. What?
What hey brand brand
Yes, your friend Trent is not respecting his elders
Okay, I need bling machismo to come over for some private respect lesson. No
No, don't do that again
That guy smells like
Lavender which I don't like
But he does smell like he smells like lavender. So I'd hate that
I hate that just go like get a different smell like smell like
Catch up or something. It's cool. Music is rocking. Don't come a knocking
Oh, okay
My mom really likes to lean or would she's been blasting it 24 seven. She's like
I heard this on not the radio. She listen to this to like um
A podcast where they interview moms who
um
Like inherited businesses or something
um
Through lawsuits
And anyway, I can say it tillie norwood on or that or song on or something
Brick what I'm trying to pull the freaking go bro. I'm so pumped for this gaming session
Look, I have like 75 games. I'm supposed to play
Brick, I don't have time for like
You
I have to play 75 games
And for most people that would be actually impossible
But fortunately, I'm really fucking good. Um, okay
We have to play you know, I'd
And yeah, I am
Because like honestly they ruined this game in patch uh seven banana 48
Final warning open up or I'm kicking the door down mom stop role playing with the preacher again
She's she's can't kick that door down her foot would shatter
So I know she I know she's just playing but it's a fucking annoying still
Um, okay
What this is gonna be really loud so
Or it's quiet
It's one of those two. It's either really loud or very quiet. I'm gonna turn it down just a little bit anyway
Okay, it is loud it is loud there we go. All right guys. You ready for this my baby boy
You just gave me a great idea
Mom what?
You can't have another spit accident at the sizzler they won't let us back
God she gets just so many spit disasters at the sizzler
She has she has a jaw denture because a big chunk of her jaw fell off
Um during a carpooling accident shit
Your stupid fucking theme better be about gaming while your mom is pastor joe snake eater
Damn it
Rick you distracted me with your fucking bullshit
I don't care if my mom eats snakes. I mean, it's not good for her. She should stop
But I think if you cook them right, they're not poisonous
Did that guy just die?
Okay, I gotta lock in if I'm gonna like
This game is not easy
So I really need to lock in
This game is honestly fucking impossible
So it's a miracle. I haven't died yet like that fish
99% of doing the side of that fish
Frick what mech frere
multicultural london english
bruv brother fam famillam
Derived from brother via cockney and multicultural you know how the record saying i don't believe people in england actually speak english
With a v brandon. What the fuck avoid the noid
I was until you said something
This game is fucking impossible. This is such bullshit. This is fucking impossible
It's just a design. It's just a design of this game is so unfair
They ruined it
I'm still really good at it luckily, but they ruined this game
Those grandpas used to be young men
But now because of like fucking cancel culture everybody in games has to be an old man
They used to be a young cool guy
Other old at bar
That's sick. I'm not rapping. I don't do that
I will stand behind another guy rapping and do this
But that is that is the most I will do god you're distracting me. I'm so lucky. I didn't die to these tidal waves
Yeah, this game takes place mostly in venice italy the home of noid pizza
I think
Is how that works
Oh god this is fucking they're trying to kill me. Okay get out of here
My what
Um
Yeah, obviously moog and will have to be hot. They'll they'll need to get like a new kiano re's but like younger or something
I don't know how many pizzas do you want?
Do noids deserve human rights? Look
You guys are trying to get me in trouble like you guys are trying to get me in trouble
Like look, I'm not trying to go in on the noise and like should they be here?
No, they should go back to the pizza they're from
But obviously that offends people
What
Was an association football match between wanderers
An old
Mom, why do I on 11 march 8? Why would I ever care about this mom?
The world's oldest football competition the football association challenge cup. What wait, why did I lose?
What happened
The etonians were playing in their second
Why did I lose
What
Snake what the fuck did you do? Did you hack my system?
Is this because I said that stuff about how noids don't deserve human rights?
Because it's just a fact like they shouldn't come here and expect to be treated like anything other than pizza monsters
Domino's is the only pizza chain to successfully avoid the noid as far as you know
Which ones did because I will not frequent those establishments if they didn't avoid the noid
that is a
Like I only made that exception a couple of times for mcdonald's which was that I had there was one in my town that was run by annoyed
And honestly, I like their sprite. So I would I would go there. But other than that I will not
Fuck this game is impossible. I will not go to any business that's owned by annoyed. Um
brick what
What are you trying to say to me right now brick what?
You don't even know what you want to say
Here's your to fuck with me
Why did I die this sucks
They ruined this game and the flu
In the same direct is and makes more he said more plan and her and he will miss
He said head he needed by he was head one life. I need to redo the whole level bark
bark bark bark bark bark bark bark bark bark wonder at me right now
Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark! Bark
other streamers doth don't bark bark bark bark
brick are you trying to drive me insane bark
bark how is it possible that this is
still happening bark bark bark bark
so consistent with the rhythm bark bark
bark bark did this to brick he stopped
a little bit essay what what mom what
no not not don't forget you need to
donate plasma tomorrow mama needs money
Mom that plasma was donated to me by gamer fuel before they went on a business
It's not the plasma you think it is it is gelatinous, but it's not drinkable even though it isn't an energy drink can
This is fucking ridiculous. This game used to be so good before they patched it like it used to be so good
Can I sprint what is even building up at the bottom of the screen?
Like what is that bar at the bottom even do?
Someone named rip blazer is here to warn about a piece of
Mom that's my stalker don't let him in
I got a fucking stalker by accident because I was I let him sponsor me fuck
I love my stalker sponsor one of my streams and he just and now we won't leave um, okay
Rick what you just start you being a real dick today. He just barked for 20 minutes. Oh
Nothing you have nothing to say cuz I an odd hostage situation occurred when on January 30th
1989 a mentally unstable man named Kenneth Lamar Noid
Believing the character was created to mock him held a domino's employee at gunpoint
Mending money a getaway car and a book. He was eventually arrested and charged classic behavior use until
1995 when Kenneth Noid
Yeah, that's why you can't trust noids the Noid has appeared in media only very sporadically sense
Like I know that upsets people but it's just like
The facts don't care if you're upset the facts care that mom what?
Is it cuz of the gun stuff you grab no
I'm gonna beat this level. I
Think it's a one level game actually
Why would they have the fish randomly appeared?
What
What reverie will he need to stop giving brick Havana syndrome it's real and he's got it now fuck
Should I left something it's too late for that it's too late for whatever that even is
Why are there scrolls? What why are there even scrolls? What are these supposed to be?
Why are they pizzas?
I'm not really feeling all these Iran attacks that are happening lately mom what?
Can you not attack innocent people please?
Mom you don't understand it's a complicated situation
It's like in this game the noid like he doesn't want to kill these old guys, but he also needs to collect these scrolls
in the
From the waves or whatever is happening. So like it's complicated
Hey Zeus. I'm making cookies. What kind do you want soldier?
Welcome to the pizza eating contest this area the area champion goes first
In what sense?
How many pizzas do I want?
Three?
I'm sorry. I'm getting a call
Hello
Fantastic. I'm streaming
Yeah, but I'll stop in a minute
Yeah, I didn't do yesterday because
I'm ugly ugly. I didn't let noid was the real life Freddy fras bear
Because of work. Oh, so you're talking to a guy named Brandon. Just so you know if I sound weird. It's cuz I'm Brandon
Yeah, you'll never will I don't a lot of people in my room
But I will stop streaming as soon as you're home on the fish. Well, anyway, I'm almost done. Anyway, this game is trying to break my sanity
Bye
Bye she's saying bye to you it's my court ordered a I girlfriend
The judge from that case where I
We don't even need to get into it, but he said I have to talk to a simulated woman in order to improve my
something or other
She's a I I would never talk to an actual woman. Okay
I
Have a parcel foot so I can't be drafted
So that's bullshit. I literally have parcel foot. I'd love to serve. I'd love to serve. I
Got parcel foot. It's not fair. It's not fair because I'd be so brave
But I can't
Why did I die does anyone know what the fuck is going on with this game?
It's not trying to be cute brick
Well, like why did I die like what is that pizza eating thing and why does it give you game over? I functionally?
Don't understand what is happening at all. If anybody knows I feel like
Someone is trying to kill my brain with a fucking sledgehammer
The only die if you suck well that doesn't make a lot of sense because the only thing I suck
Is blow pops when I was six
Don't ask press down on the control pad and the B button
Simultaneously what I'm doing that. I'm not it didn't happen. This game is fucking bullshit. Oh my god
Oh my god, if you die in the game you die for real shit
I've stacked up so many fucking deaths and not like the ones that I have just for meeting Taco Bell
Where I'm clinically dead for a few minutes. What you only die if you suck
That I
Already caught responding to that so you get wrecked get wrecked. I saw that coming hit one of the big scrolls with my yo-yo
What?
What even did that do though?
What are the little scrolls? I'm hitting down and big if you die in the game what the fuck it did work
Why is what does this do it's screen clears and you just can do it infinitely? Oh
Wait, maybe you can't do it infinitely. Maybe I just did tons of I
Know
Why did you fuck is it sort of online?
Or is it just a guy drawing pictures of swords? I fucking tried I really fucking tried
It's just not like the way this the games industry is falling a falling apart
The games industry is the regular platforming sections
It's a disaster but most of the boosts for the pizza eating contests are hidden
Finding those takes a lot of trial and error the contest completely grind the game to a halt though
It's a really odd choice of my own. It's not necessarily unfun, but it just feels
pointless
What is fun about it? How is it not unfun?
What if I don't even I don't know anything about what I'm supposed to do in this game
I just keep dying
And I play this game a lot and I'm getting my snake eater wink
There's input lag too like this is this is an online service games now
They kind of made it like marathon
It started games as a service now and the lag has just gotten unreal in this game ever since it became an online service game
Oh
Dude this game is gonna make me puke and not just like I do three times a day to clear out my stomach like a cow
Sucks get cleared
I just found this
64 staying on hot jugs magazine for sale. You want to go happy?
Yes
I won't drive though, and I won't get in the car, but I will buy an expensive car just to prove that I can
I like to buy cars on a pure spite. I don't like driving though driving sucks
Okay
This is impossible. I tried
I really tried everyone can see I tried one more
This time i'm gonna get to the second level. I'm collecting so many ice
Thing
And that thing that at a certain point something has to work, right?
Is that little game you're playing make you hate pizza or just dominoes? I fucking love
The way pizza makes my stomach feel I don't like the taste I eat it more to calm my stomach
Does that little game you are playing make you hate pizza?
Or just
Shit mama. Sorry. I gotta stop responding before you talk. I just I know you so well mommy. I know what you're gonna say
I hate the noid. I want the noid to die
But conversely and this is the great contradiction at the heart of the noid
I have to be the noid to play the game
So I think my desire to see the noid die is interfering with the gameplay for me
That's what I think could be happening. That's the only reason I'm dying
Mom I don't want any of the special sauce it tastes fucking weird. It's pink
He brings pink sauce over he like never got over that fucking trend like it always hits older guys later
I think it's just like you're two and a half year old pink sauce
Okay, Rick what you can't move on to another game on any future stream until you beat this level
Oh, you cursed me with that
You fucking cursed me
I was gonna beat this level and then that fucking fish came out of nowhere
Fucking sidewinder fishel. This sucks ass. I want this whole planet to explode
What
Mom I literally am living that as like my samurai code
How many times do I have to repeat that? That's my life's whole driving mission
Can you send that back to him?
This this fish fucking kills me
I'm gonna buy the company that no
Made this game in shutter. You know, noid magic scroll serve two primary purposes
They act as currency to power your special abilities and provide essential advantages during the end of level pizza eating contests
I have to save him for the pizza
I don't even understand how the pizza eating contests work
Like I fundamentally have no fucking idea what they even are meant to be
No, there was still ground showing
Block I got impatient. I did get impatient there
This noid is
10 pizza order from dominoes is best handled using their online group ordering tool
Which offers a 20 percent discount on large orders to maximize value
Utilize the any pizza any toppings for 9.99 deal or the 6.99 mix and match for medium two topping pizzas
I
Spark sprig thank you for the information. You know, I did already know it
Son of a bitch is doing better than you are at this game. I'm gonna beat this shit easily
This is the fastest anyone's ever beaten this game
Oh
Oh my god
I'm doing so well
This is the run guys. This is the run. I just gotta let my nerves get kicking
Like all of my nerves that shut off because of um my diet. I can't let those reactivate
Listen here little man. If I hear you use that potty mouse
I'm gonna wash it out with soap and I'll make all your little friends watch and they can see the fuzzy toilet seat cover
And my bathrobe. Is that what you want little? No
Sorry my toy
Fell out I'll be back to follow up on this in 10 minutes
Mom
You shouldn't carry toys around the house. They're high value every toy that we have is a collector's item
It better not have been my gurren log on mac what you know with us that scene where she talks on the hamburgers coming up
Do you still have your hamburger phone or did you sell it for?
No, I sold that not for what what would you say after that? I sold it though
Thoughts on the great rip blazer and his fight against the pizza apocalypse
This is a pizza eating contest. I have to focus, but I will let you know that I that he is my stalker
Um, I did let him sponsor a couple of my streams, but he is also he's got I'm trying to figure out like a court situation to stop him
What does this pot sauce do?
Did I just lose?
Use a free
I'm really trying to figure out
If he picks up for it, is he just wing he picked a three
So what the fuck do I just pick a three?
It's 1996 and we have to get to pizza hut for our free personal pan bro
Suicide fountain drinks on me snake eater
So I just have to pick as many pizzas as him. Wait, what do I need to match his threes or I lose?
Wait, what did he pick two? So I should pick a three. How many of these do I have to win?
Well, I'm fucked here
I've filled up all of these circles
Fuck god dammit
This is the one of the worst things I've ever encountered just ever
He has to do this after every level
I'm out of threes. I'm fucked
It's just over for me
Should I just sandbag this one?
Is this gonna be a game over? Oh, thank god. Okay
This is hell
Five
Why did so many of his fill up?
Please get a one. Okay. Thank
Fuckin Zeus
That's me. Fuck. Yes
Told you I'm the fucking best. I am regretting the pizza. It's greasy. I'm greasy
What the rope is too slick and I hurt my hands when I slid down
And when I went to blow on them and shake them it made me seem a little silly
Not like the big boy. I really am snake eater didn't feel too bueno about that one. Oh, yeah
Did I tell you I'm taking Spanish porqué you might ask
Well in case you didn't know that means what would you do that for or something?
I don't know the lessons were going by so fast. So, yeah
Brick congrats, honestly
I got a huge bonus
Okay, I pretty much the best in the world at this game now. It's an ice level
You've got to be fucking kidding me. No, I do the little ice
Things hurt you
Did the little did this
Did the debris's kill you?
They wouldn't do that. Would they
It's this guy. How is he a domino's character? Who the fuck are you?
Oh, you can kill him. It just takes several hits
Oh my god, he's freaking freaking out. He's got a gun. He's got a gun. Okay. Talk about don't worry. Semper fi
What the fuck this is impossible. It's a it's a fucking miracle that I'm doing this well
This game is literally impossible anyone else would be losing instantly
Oh, these don't fall they do fall fuck
Yes, but you got also not let people know that I'm sponsored by them because
Apparently they're um
A tentacle of the Iranian government or something. I got a call from brick about it. Uh, okay
I might get tried for treason or something soon
I'm not really worried about it though. Uh, okay
I just did you guys just see how fucking
hard I
Crush that shit into the dirt
Yeah, I don't I mean I don't use ice. I don't like it. I just like uh warm and honestly fairly old coax
Like ice just waters it down and then if I also don't want it to be too carbonated though
So I like it a little flat
So I don't use ice. Um, okay. Oh fuck. It's a skateboarding level
Oh shit. This is impossible
My skateboard kills birds. Okay, this is good. This is actually good. This is bullshit. This is the worst game
I've ever seen ever. Oh my yeah, pretty much. That's pretty much how I am when I play games
So that's accurate brick. Good job
Why is it clown on a unicycle trying to kill this noid?
I mean I support it. I'm against no it's fuck
Why is there a flying football player?
They don't fly in real life. That's unrealistic
The physics of that just are bullshit like the problem is I have a finely articulated sense of natural physics
Fuck and because that football player is following like natural physical laws at my brain like
It just smells the bullshit. What the what was the why?
No
For real
What happens if you continue? Oh, okay
But I wasted all my continues on the very first level
I didn't really waste them though. They were learning experiences
You know this game is actually really good
Fuck this game. I was literally joking doing everything I can
Holding on to what I am pretending. I'm superman
I'm trying to keep the ground on my feet. That's how we all feel man. The world's falling down around me
The nights are all long. I'm singing this song to try and make the answers more than maybe
Yeah, yeah, you said it man. You pretty much said it. Yep. That's how it is. Yeah
Happy Mario day brand brand. Is that what day it is?
Shit Mario's gonna be so pissed. I'm playing noid
Fuck I didn't know I forgot. He's gonna be so mad at me. God damn it
This is my last chance
Fuck, you know what? I just can't I can't I can't I didn't
Is the color of your energy it is
Yeah, a lot of people do say that about me
Pretty much everybody says that about me actually
That game um, I'm never playing that again like that's bullshit. Um anyone who mentions that game is banned
You're banned if you ever bring it up, um
It's honestly too Italian for me. I'll say it. I'm not afraid to say that the noid is too Italian
And I just can't relate
My family's like scott like dutch and irish
So like
It's just cultural differences like I can't it's too Italian
Yeah, it's not crazy to say what the fuck
In the arms of the angel
fly away from here
From this dark cold
Fuck I forgot it's Mario day. He's gonna be so mad that I was racist to italians that you see
Damn it's the noid fucked me again
In the wreckage of your silent reverie
You're in the arms of the angel
May you find some comfort here
Mom stop stop singing serma glocklin. What do you mean to italian? It's I mean what I said
I mean what I said
Mom did you just fart on the kids?
Don't misquote me everything you guys are saying is out of context
Everything you're saying I have to play in sight bike
Or you know bike or something it's it's a bike game. It's the other thing I have to play
I'm tony
Yeah, obviously I want to
Be a crawler
And I love to dragster
But oh look this game was ruined in the latest patch
What the fuck
Dude you can flip oh fuck I land on my head
I'm doing these flips guys. Look at this. I'm probably one of the best ever at this game
I'm rolling so much
I just won easily
It's a sonic clone. This does not remind me that much of sonic. I'm gonna level with you psych work
Only in the sense that I'm a unicycle and and
I don't understand what this game even is at all. Fuck I'm on the wrong way
How was I supposed to know to go the other way? Oh god
What the hell it's not a one big straight line
That's unfair. Oh, I didn't land that. Um, I think you gotta eat three to four unicycles
Oh my god, I'm getting destroyed
Oh
I did a twist. I don't even know how I did that
How am I supposed to know how long to do these?
This is unfair
This game is very unfair
Oh, is there a boost button? Is there like a boost button?
remix
Sorry
Oh, I gotta speed it up
Look how fast I'm going now
Okay, wait, is there a way to restart this level? Oh, I quit the whole thing
Zoomie zoom Tony
Okay, this time I'm going the right way
instantly
Oh god
I feel like I'm oh fuck
Me nauseous
Oh, it caught up somehow. How am I not losing? I feel like I am the worst
Unicyclist maybe ever
So far
I guess this other guy sucks
Also, I'm pretty good actually
Honestly now that I thought about it. I'm pretty good. Okay, just can't get greedy
I can't get greedy y'all
I gotta hit huge tricks though
That's just part of the gameplay part of the gameplay loop gotta hit huge tricks
Fuck I failed I'm locking in
My ass is locked in here
No
That's unfair
It's extremely unfair
The butt- the rabbit pie you still make that?
I thought the neighborhood cities need to stop killing bunnies because they're getting mad at that
Uh, okay
How did he get ahead of me?
Okay, now I'm ahead of him
Get freaking destroyed
Is there some way to boost? Oh, that's not a boost
Fuck this guy's on my ass
That was a triple twist
Rick what?
Oh my god, he's on my ass again. I wiped out. I still won
Okay, other guy never stood a chance honestly
I'm that good at cycling
Rick, are you like did you die? What happened to brick?
Brick broke
Rick did you break again? I guess brick broke again. One second everybody
Mom what?
Like literally what?
She's got to take a nap
She my mom has to take a nap everyone
And brick also has to take a nap
Okay
Honestly
My stunning victory is there might be a good stopping point. You guys might just notice that I
Kind of unirraced like maximum that's what people are saying about the uni racing I did
The message boards are going crazy saying that I kind of unirraced maximum
Um
Dustin itch no you know it was ahead of its time and you
Have you seen this and will you play it next?
Let me see if I can find your link
In somewhere
Oh, it won't let me click on your link
So I don't know what to do, but if you say the name of it, I'll look it up
If you tell me the name
I do need to go to a bar
Scroll up further
Um, I'm not seeing it
It's like censoring the link for me because
I think you have to be a mod. Yeah, see it's it's like you have to be a mod to share links
It's like it's like twitch. It's like twitch or something if we were on kick you could send me like
A big spread asshole and be fine, but twitch, you know, what can you do?
If you say the name of it, I will google it
So that'd probably be easier in context or something, you know
I don't fucking know came here to beg for follows. It's a good place to beg
Honestly
There's yo noi two. Oh my god
Oh my god
You guys want me to die you guys are trying to kill me
You're thirsting for my death
I hope you feel good about that because doctors are amazed that I'm still alive at all
So I guess I'll prove all of you wrong
Okay, I'm gonna find someone to raid so
I can take my ai girlfriend to a to um
An ai bar
It's court ordered
It's court ordered ai female immersion therapy. I'm against it, but the judge said I had to
Let's
raid
Dr. Who?
Raid queen goldie for trashy Tuesday
I can do that
Do I know who that is if I'm supposed to what are they?
Okay, we'll send it to queen goldie
They're watching some kind of
Reality thing that honestly
Some of you might hate I don't get to be in charge of what you like
To watch this trashy TV
I don't know the record that I don't really like TV. I don't like TV music
Or movies
We're going outside or most food or water
Um and breathing also sucks. I don't like oxygen that much. I think it's overrated. Um
I probably don't like I'm court ordered to not say that anymore
It's fucking ridiculous deep state censorship being they're trying to cancel me with
Court orders, it's ridiculous
Anyway, say hi to trashy. Say hi to queen goldie for me. I gotta go
I gotta go. This is how it is
You guys want to see how realistic my ai girlfriend is?
No, actually, I don't think you do. I don't think you're ready. Okay
We'll see you later. Say hi to person for me. They seem cool
Tell them case that you maybe instead of me