I'm Papito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Ten, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one, let's do it.
Yeah!
There we go.
See, we can still stream.
I still know how to turn the stream on.
Eh, eh.
The fish type won't cooperate today.
Working the holiday? Oh wait, is it a holiday?
It wasn't Easter yesterday, it's today kind of as a holiday too.
Is there some kind of holiday Kendall's working too, so I can't tell.
I don't know when holidays are anymore.
You've gambled all your points away?
This points-based economy has been suffering.
I don't know how the points economy works.
That could be part of the problem.
Easter Monday? It is a holiday?
That sounds wrong. It sounds wrong to even say it.
It's like Thanksgiving Tuesday.
Congratulations John Michael.
36 and 36.
Sacred numbers combining.
There's no way Easter is today. I do think it was yesterday.
I was at the Americana where I saw Project Hail Mary.
A true American celebration of Easter.
I don't know why it is, but it is.
That's what I'm going with at least.
Good to see everybody. Sorry I couldn't really stream much last week, but this week,
hopefully that's not the case.
How was Mario?
Pass.
You know, okay, here's the deal. It wasn't very good.
However, it is most likely for babies I guess.
I don't mean that as like to insult the fans of Mario.
I just mean it feels like it's actually kind of legitimately designed for like baby YouTube.
Look at this guy.
So I feel like it's probably wrong of me to get too bent out of shape out of it, not being very good.
But you know, I'm still pretty upset about it. I'm very mad about it.
You've got feelings about it, Case.
You're all mad? You're so mad about it?
Well, I'm mad about it too. I'm done with this shit.
What do you mean?
I'm fucking done with this shit.
You look kind of choppy today.
You look kind of choppy today.
Welcome Baldi. Who me? Am I going bald yet?
You got to keep me honest on here.
Let me know when I'm officially going bald, because it's going to happen.
John Wick 2 was the last movie you saw. Oh my god.
Hype Train, it's, you're getting so many subs.
You don't even care?
I'm too upset about Mario... the film.
You saw it?
I saw the Mario film. And it wasn't at all like the first one.
There wasn't any like... there wasn't a city ruled over by a guy who had tons of fungal goo.
It wasn't Mario at all.
Oh, you're mostly talking about the 1990s Mario movie, where there's a bunch of goombas that are real?
Real practical effected goombas?
Yeah, there weren't any like dinosaurs. Yoshi wasn't a disgusting dinosaur.
It sucked.
They didn't have big mechanical boots that sent them flying into the air.
Uh, yes. All of that is... true.
I do kind of miss the original actually now that you... put it that way.
I missed you too, Uncle Phil 2k.
You missed the Hype Train?
I did.
Now let me complain more over this classic Mario-type trap beat.
Piss.
I like to piss.
That's not Mario related.
I love to piss.
Are you gonna talk about the movie?
I like to piss.
Piss.
Jay to kiss.
Rhymes with piss.
See my lips?
They go piss.
That's your tongue.
Got my lips, do we too?
I've been pissing and I do it every time that I come through.
I like to piss.
That's spelled P-I-Z.
S-S with another squared up to three.
What?
Mathematically what you see is every day I've been pissing with incredible regularity.
I'm a piss king.
What was your complaint about the Mario movie?
Oh now you want to know, case?
More than this.
I'm sorry if you're not ready for that.
The whole movie industry needs to relax.
If you're gonna have baby Mario, we should be stacking pit stacks.
Feeling up that diaper while the hydra's getting hyper.
I'm a lifer when it comes to piss.
You know I do it nicer.
I've been with that P-I-S at Salt Dam Bay.
And I can piss more than a Mario baby anyway.
So check this out.
Oh for the count.
When I'm talking piss, you know what I'm talking about.
Yes, obviously.
I know what you're talking about, Hike Train.
Pills.
This is what you talk about so much.
It's been weeks since I've talked about piss.
And everybody you know they've been begging for it.
They're lying Hike Train.
But you've been and what have you done?
I wanna see you sitting, drinking about piss.
Shit son.
But that's all you got.
I'm done talking about piss for the day.
That's all I meant to say.
I don't even need to talk about piss anymore.
Fine. Good.
Thanks the subs.
It's your one job.
You never do it.
I'm done talking about piss.
Oh my god. Can you just not do singing?
I'm done talking about piss.
There's nothing much to say about piss anyway.
Cleaning laundry with piss like it's a Roman holiday.
But it's actually Easter Monday case.
Did you know that that's a holiday forever retrain?
I did. I didn't.
It's the day that Jesus went to the bathroom
and this is when he signed.
He said my only commandment mortals is all of you piss.
It's the only holy way for humanity to live.
I'm changing your beat.
I am changing your beat, Hike Train.
You're punished.
You're punished for this.
For some reason I already made the sub goal of a 30 minute scrum rap.
We're punishing the audience enough.
You already got that beat.
There we go.
You know what? He didn't think anybody.
He didn't think anyone again.
Is he just done thinking subs?
You scared him off, Case.
With your negative energy.
How you can't think people under these conditions.
Can you thank the subs, Rapida?
That's... I'm always picking up the slack around here.
That sucks.
I thought the Mario movie rocked for the record.
I liked the part where there was a Mario.
That was in there.
It was definitely in there.
Luigi also in there.
Yeah, I remember that too.
Bowser also in there.
Even other people in there.
Yep.
A dinosaur was in there.
No spoilers.
That could be a Yoshi or anything.
I'm gonna thank the subs right now.
That's what I wanna do.
I'll do it somehow.
We got...
What?
Apple, Apple, 20, 9s with all the stuff.
We got S1000.
Let us know.
I'm gonna make a sandwich with that.
There are letters for you, dude.
We got propaganda V2 coming through.
That's so much new.
God damn it.
What you do?
38 months and you know that we never friend.
We got bundles for 41.
They getting it done.
We got grot.
Purchase that CD, baby.
It's for free.
That's a 41 month.
You been loving on me.
We got Giggle trash.
Five community subs.
I say we got Amphdrick to the beat.
41 months.
What the fuck, baby?
We got John Michael.
36 on Saturday.
36 months.
That's nice, anyway.
We got Curran.
They working 41.
Apple, Apple, 100, Panther getting it done.
Uncle Phil 2K and come one, man.
He's showing us a bundle of Sprout.
What the hell you got?
Five community subs.
It's too much love.
Mario fucking with Luigi in the cut.
Fucking with Luigi fucking.
Fucking and fucking and they been fucking.
No, but...
I don't know what it means.
I'm just saying it.
Is that bad?
Yeah, they shouldn't fuck.
Okay.
Matt Liddell still giving him hell 200 bits.
And you know that it's fitting me well.
And that's everything that's up.
Peter needs to yell.
That's all the thank yous.
And you're thinking about my mom.
My mom.
Step brothers?
They're full on brothers and they fucking sucks.
Stop saying that.
I don't know what you're saying.
I don't know.
Okay.
Well, thanks everybody for the subs.
It's good to be back.
Not doing whatever this is.
Let's keep it rolling though.
I guess there's probably news to cover seeing as I haven't really been streaming for about a week.
So it's news time.
It's still your assignment.
Don't let them take it from you.
The moon.
Already?
Yeah.
I'm just gonna go back to the beginning.
Don't let them take it from you.
The moon.
Already?
We've got a whole bevy of segments.
You gotta go to the streets.
But the guy who doesn't sound that much like me.
Gotta go amongst the wave.
You gotta talk to the moon.
The whole ass moon.
It's on you case.
I'm here for the news.
Well, the moon's part of the news.
What?
You didn't hear?
If I'm not saying the news, I'm assuming it's not happening.
Oh baby, we're only five dollars away from the soft goal of a hundred dollars of donations for down in Mutual Aid.
Yes, Mr. President.
Former Mr. President.
Oh man.
I'll run it back for you.
I forgot to turn a certain thing on.
Don't worry.
We'll make Biden say this one way or another.
Uh, oh shoot, but it's not in my fucking alerts.
Thank you so much for the sub.
If you paste what he said in the chat, then I'll have him say it.
I just can't go into the back end currently.
But thank you so much for the generous donation to the actual donation thing that you can do.
I think if you're on Twitch, there's a link to it.
And then you can donate directly to me, half of which we'll go to.
The charity mentioned in the note.
It all makes sense.
But thank you so much for the donation.
And thank you for pasting that.
Now we can make it actually happen.
Let me just make sure everything is connected.
Case, can you fucking get it together?
So I don't have to listen to you lollygag around with your nonsense.
Okay.
Did you fix it for me?
No, I'm reading.
I have a second monitor up where I read John Creighton novels.
Oh, that's smart.
Yeah, that's what I do.
I have a monitor over here specifically with reading material for me.
When you bore me, Case.
That's fair.
That's fine.
Uh, okay.
Mr. President, come back.
I'm sorry that I didn't have your lav microphone on.
Hopefully this works now.
Yes, Mr. President.
Case Blackwell said we have a great debt to the Marrior Brothers saving the world.
And also bring attention to a valuable trade craft, Plumber Cracks Unite.
That's beautiful.
I missed that level of eloquence from the Oval Office.
Such an eloquent guy.
Don't you remember when Joe Biden was president?
And whenever the president talked, you were like, so articulate.
What a time.
I'm your favorite.
I shouldn't take credit for that.
Can you stop taking credit for Chinese People's Achievements case?
I'd love to, obviously, but I can't.
Apparently I can't.
What are we talking about today?
I don't know.
News.
Yes, probably news.
I just don't know anymore.
You're the main news guy.
Okay, fine.
Yes, then I guess we're talking about the news.
The president got the...
We got him back?
Yeah, we got the pilot back.
The pilot that was gone is back.
And the president's in a good mood about it?
They're talking...
They're really talking it up, at least, a lot.
But he's had sort of other things to say as well that maybe seem a little less
inspirational than rescuing this pilot.
It was such a tragedy what happened to that pilot flying that plane.
Just flying around for fun and shot down out of nowhere.
I always... it's so unfair what happens when our pilots are flying around for fun
and they get shot out of nowhere.
It's fucked up because really they're just showing off how fast the plane is.
And people are really pocket...
They're just mad.
They're jealous of how fast the planes are.
And then they shoot them down.
It's the only reason I can think of why these planes would get shot down.
Jealousy, exactly.
Anyway, Trump has seized on the rescue of Donald Airman to recast the unpopular Iran war.
That's coming courtesy of Reuters.
It's supposed to be kind of a down the middle.
You know, just the facts type publication.
And I'd say that's honestly pretty accurate.
Ivan Silesi says,
You see, shot down on Friday, good Friday, hidden in the cave, a crevice, all of Saturday,
and rescued on Sunday, Hegseth said.
Float out of Iran as the sun was rising on Easter Sunday, a pilot reborn,
all home and accounted for, a nation rejoicing.
God is good.
I know everyone over the Easter weekend just couldn't stop thinking about how well they want the Iran war to go.
But how well it must be going, how good we're doing.
Our thoughts and prayers are with our incredible war effort.
Zadr says,
Will case stop skipping Friday so we can have music again.
You just got a whole piss-wrap.
But yes, I would like to get back to doing that on Fridays.
I also need to just edit a bunch of the songs that we previously made.
All of it's on a list somewhere.
Where's that list?
Anyway, Trump's, uh, these talking, he said,
The big debacle in Iran is becoming a triumphant talking point courtesy of this,
of the rescue of this pilot, which was a big win.
Is a big win that a pilot crashed?
That we, then we fixed it?
A wins?
If you snatch normalcy from the jaws of disaster, that's victory.
Oh, that's the new victory.
That is the new victory.
Trump has deployed military daring as a powerful storyline.
But according to polls, voters still dislike Trump's approach to Tehran.
See, their mistake there is saying the word Tehran.
I don't think most voters are of what Tehran even is.
They're like, is that like Iran and like a different,
is it like a different downloadable skin for Iran?
The Tehran mode of Iran?
Yeah, Tehran.
I think your average voter would have more opinions on Tehran than Tehran.
Um, okay.
Great.
They got the pilot.
You know, he's had some other things to say.
Just on Trump's swearing watch.
He's kind of had a, he's had a nasty mouth lately.
He has had a real, he's had a real filthy mouth.
That's how serious he is.
He's deadly serious and in fact said, um,
Tuesday will be power plant and bridge day.
All wrapped up in Iran.
There will be nothing like it.
Open the fucking straight.
Sorry.
Fucking with the N and the apostrophe and everything.
Open the fucking straight.
You crazy bastards.
He went there or you'll be living in hell.
Just watch praise be to Allah.
President Donald J. Trump.
Is that sort of a, is that a fig leaf or an insult when he says praise be to Allah?
It depends if he means it.
Maybe he means it.
I mean, you know,
he likes to kind of play to the religious crowd.
So maybe, maybe that's earnest.
Maybe he's like Allah's on my side.
This is our leader.
What the fuck happened?
It's a very fair question.
Reverie Wolf.
Will Trump praise Allah 99 to one odds on Polly market?
Is that, can I get in on that action?
Cause I think he'll do it again.
I don't know if it'll always be his choice to praise Allah,
but I think he's going to keep wanting to just sort of throw those hands up
and make some prayers.
It was on Polly market.
Of course it's on Polly market.
Oh, thank God.
Now I can get in on that action.
Well, you might be too late.
He already praised Allah.
So the Polly market bet one with 1%.
Damn, you could have got, you could have made so much.
That's a real thing.
What about Kalshi?
Kalshi's not as advanced as Polly market.
I guess they weren't ready for that action.
Steve says, I no more think of myself as being as old as I am than a fly.
Is that a riddle?
I think so.
His son is on the Polly market board.
Where could they be getting this insider information?
Maybe this is like the Baron Trump allowance fund is what Polly market is.
Baron gets to throw a little money in there and he's got some pocket change for the weekend.
What about PNU Christ?
That billion dollar company?
Yeah, I don't know.
I'm not in on that action myself, unfortunately.
I don't think that's related to Polly market, but what can you do?
He also had some less than kind words for the president who's honestly the most active on this stream,
which I was a little disappointed to hear.
I hate it when two presidents start beefing.
President on President crime is a scourge in this nation.
North Korea, we have 45,000 soldiers in South Korea
to protect us from Kim Jong-un, who I get along with very well as you know.
Do you notice he said very nice things about me?
He used to call Joe Biden a mentally retarded person.
Okay, so don't tell me about your stuff.
Joe Biden, he said he's a mentally retarded person.
He was so nasty to Joe Biden.
It was terrible.
But to me, he looked...
That is terrible.
And do you notice how nice things are with North Korea?
It's very nice.
North Korea, we have 45,000...
Well, this is what people voted for right though.
Now you can say the R word again.
He put mentally in front of it.
That doesn't even feel like he's doing it the way that people voted for him to do it.
He needs to drop it with the preamble.
So anyway, if you're part of the contingent that voted for the right to say the R word again,
you're fully R worded.
Congratulations.
Yeah.
You voted for R and R.
Congratulations.
You are getting your votes worth.
That's all we can ever ask for is to get our votes worth.
It really is.
Um...
Anyway.
Things are going pretty bad, but I guess we don't have to linger on it.
Uh...
You know what, let's talk to the president about it.
Maybe we don't.
We haven't talked to the president in a while.
Let's check in with the president on it.
The chat can ask their questions.
He seems like he's in a very open mood.
We'll talk to him.
How bad could it be?
In...
I'm wearing...
My pissiest jacket.
Does this thing on?
I refuse to wear classic blue or reds while I'm on this communist stream.
I'm here to talk to the people while looking better than I've ever looked.
Okay, it does seem that it's working.
It seems everybody can hear me.
You don't like it?
Oh, they hate.
They say they hate it.
They hate this stream.
I'm sure they're very relieved that I'm on it.
But I guess overall, they hate...
They must be hating you, case.
And everybody's been saying that they hate it.
I've been saying...
They say a lot of people are apparently saying this.
And everybody's really happy to see me.
Well, this is a huge get for us, I guess.
The president is back.
Yes.
Dusting off this old satellite technology to talk to the president.
Great work on the Epstein distraction 5000 operation, says Giggle Trash.
Well, I mean...
Giggle Trash.
Well, I mean, I've got to say thank you in that case.
A lot of people have been really complimenting me.
Nobody's thinking about that.
Honestly, a good friend and a terrible guy.
One of the worst guys really hated this guy.
Incredible hang.
We've all been there.
Everybody has a friend who's the worst guy,
but he's an incredible hang.
And you know, eventually you realize,
I can't do this anymore.
Obviously, we have a great time.
And everybody finds that relatable.
And nobody's mad at me for it anymore.
And I...
Look, I was ready for people to be mad about it.
I said, sure, I had too good of a time with this guy.
Honestly, my best friend.
Everybody's forgiven me.
I can't, you know, how I can do a say?
Praise be to Allah.
Maybe you don't keep saying that.
Do you mean it?
I'm obviously...
Mean it?
Obviously, I mean it.
I love...
I love me and my pal Allah.
Love to hang out with him, draw pictures of him.
All of it.
Doing it all the time.
Hmm.
End this please, says Kev Slider.
There might be a little bit of delay.
You might be causing a little bit of delay.
Wait, let's say, when did Trump and JD Vance take over this stream?
I think when they were elected to the executive branch.
Probably gonna says, Mr. President, is polymarket like polyester,
how can we make money on Iran with this beautiful breathable fabric?
Fabric.
Now, that is a very good question.
That is the type of question I love to see.
There's really no limit to where you can...
I broke the stream.
How broken is it?
It's hard for me to say.
I can't really...
Personally, I can't really hear the president.
Which is kind of nice for me.
But maybe it's bad for all of you.
The equal time rule demands Trump get some time to talk on the stream.
Yeah, I think that's fair.
Let me see.
My thing working...
Hopefully all the delays are working as they're supposed to.
Yes, can you actually...
Can you take this seriously?
There's a big time opportunity for you to talk to me.
This comes around once.
Maybe once every couple of hours if you're lucky.
The chance to hear from me relentlessly all the time.
People are saying they need more.
They need to hear from me more.
They're not hearing from me enough.
They miss hearing about me.
I'm trying to tell people about polyester,
a breathable fabric that you can put anywhere.
You can make bras out of it.
You can make really tight lacy panties.
That really men and women can wear.
Because they're so breathable they can hold your parts just right.
And I'm in favor of polyester everything for a long time.
Lacy and see-through is how I like my polyester.
Really relate those two things.
I feel like we've gotten off topic here.
I think we have better questions we could ask him.
No, I think that's where you're wrong.
Half the segment request options are missing
and he deleted the moon request.
What does that mean?
He deleted the moon request.
The moon request is still in effect.
Don't worry.
I can see...
Listen up Jack.
It's come to just Mama Jam 300 Shiny tasty coins.
And I've been dying to say this.
You fuck your dog.
Did you hear what the former president just said?
A guy that I honestly...
I beat him so badly that he didn't...
This is the kind of thing I destroyed his mind.
Destroyed him mentally.
Now he's talking about fucking dogs.
Which obviously I've said I'm in favor of.
Sure. I'm on the record saying that I'm fine.
I don't remember you ever saying that.
Well, look, let me go on...
You ever saying that?
Well, look, let me go on the record right now
and say that I'm fine with that.
Obviously I don't have a problem with it.
But a lot of people apparently...
Obviously most people have a problem with that.
I don't really...
I don't think that's what the other guy...
I think this whole thing might be a little bit of a bad idea case.
Look.
Dear case.
Look.
A lot of really great questions kind of people.
A lot of questions about polyester.
The delay is so weird.
I don't understand what's happening.
Maybe my voice is really delayed.
Why is only Trump in sync?
Okay, so that must be what's happening.
My delay isn't working.
Hmm.
Yeah, maybe we just bail on this then.
It's delayed for you.
Weird.
Why?
Can't slide or calm down.
It's not that big of a deal.
Um...
Okay.
Please bail.
Okay, well, we will bail on this.
Given that it seems to not be working.
Typical lip excuses.
Oh, I think I know what happened.
I must have not actually set the delay.
I'm back to being in sync.
Don't give into peer pressure.
I mean, I do always enjoy it when like half the people watching my thing are like,
Stop! Please!
Please.
I mean, I couldn't make it.
That's the first smart thing you've said when people tell you to stop.
No.
You know what?
Okay, I think maybe I can see where Chad is coming from.
Maybe we do bail on this.
I will be honest.
Part of this is just testing to see if I can get the Joe Rogan thing to, uh...
To work.
Which it does seem to now.
Drink more water.
Given to piss pressure.
I mean, you know, say what you will.
About, um...
You know, case breaking the stream.
This generally being just a disturbing spectacle.
Um...
And that's my whole statement.
You don't even have my back?
It's the President of the United States.
And we're supposed to be doing a new stream.
Isn't this the type of thing we're supposed to do here?
I don't know.
This is really necessary.
We literally hear from him every five seconds.
Do we even need whatever this is?
This is...
People are...
Look, I'd say...
Honestly, my numbers have never been higher on this channel.
The support for me being a thing that you talk to all the time...
It's never been higher.
And people are loving it.
We'll do one last question.
Assuming I'm in sync now.
Uh...
My pause pressure could wash a sidewalk.
Congratulations.
Now all we talk about on this stream is piss.
Is that what we're talking about?
Are we talking piss?
Because I'll talk anything.
We could talk sex.
We can talk piss.
We could talk...
How the squirrel from Rocky and Bowling could kind of fuck a bull.
We could talk sex.
Are those the three options?
The options?
I'll...
How come nobody wants to talk about sex with me?
Honestly, how much do I have to ask?
Every press conference, I'm like,
Well, we could talk about sex.
Nobody takes me up on it.
I'm just putting it out there.
Why isn't anybody want to fuck me?
I would fuck me.
I'd fuck me.
Would you fuck me?
I would fuck me.
Is that crazy?
Honestly?
Come on.
Who wouldn't fuck me?
This doesn't feel...
I feel like we really have lost the thread.
I'm on a ho-
It's here. There we go.
But all day long, I'm begging to talk about sex.
And nobody will even...
Nobody will even talk about it.
Nobody will even talk about fingering.
How come nobody wants to hear the president talk about fingering?
I know how to do it.
I'll finger.
I'll finger anybody.
I'll on the record, I will finger men, women.
I'll finger.
I'll put honey on my finger.
I'll make it nice.
That's how I wipe, personally.
I wipe, I put honey on my...
Put honey on my toilet paper, and then I wipe my butt.
But nobody wants to know about that.
Even though I keep giving people the option to ask.
Nobody wants to talk about how I wipe.
I do a lot of honey.
I lather my toilet paper in enough honey, honestly,
to kill Nicholas Cage in a horror movie.
And then I go to town on my butt.
And nobody wants to talk about this.
Nobody wants to talk about me fingering my hole every day
with a honey-covered toilet paper.
Anyway, we're gonna bail on this after all.
But hey, at least we tried.
I think the important thing is that we tried.
In case you guys keep telling yourself that it is...
it's very valuable stuff that we're doing.
What we're doing.
I just can't believe you guys don't want to hang out.
I can't believe nobody wants to hang out
and just shoot the shit.
Did I mention we could talk about sex?
I think that more or less worked.
I think that more or less worked.
Well, now we need to double check that you're not...
Out of sync again.
Out of sync again.
I can see everything now.
Ghost Trump is still here? God damn it.
Ghost Trump is still here? God damn it.
I'll let up the other 100 bits.
Jeslyn, thank you for the 29 months.
I just think, you know, it's important to check in.
I gotta be... he has to be off now, right?
I believe I banished him.
This is the problem is...
You know, I... I have to not...
I have to lip read the president actually.
That's how I'm doing it.
Oh, I could hear him the whole time.
Yeah, me, I just have to lip read him
because I'm that much of a pro.
Can we talk about just the news that Chat Chat?
No, we're gonna do that later.
For now, we need to get to these other segments.
We'll come back to the Chat News.
Hopefully we have time to actually stream a little bit today.
We'll talk to the moon.
Don't worry, everyone.
We're gonna talk to the moon.
But for now, let's go amongst the web.
Therapy.
I've already mastered that.
I've mastered the path of the therapy.
And that's why I'll bake...
Case, why the fuck are you beardless again?
Why does that keep happening?
I grew up that...
Stop growing and losing your beard within seconds.
It happens, man.
No, it doesn't. It does.
It can happen to anybody.
That's not what we're here for today.
We're here to go amongst the web.
Obviously, I know that.
Obviously, everyone in the room understands.
When's that gorilla gonna punch Chrome's penis?
By the way, it's got some time in the next two months.
Two months? Look, it takes a minute
for the gorilla to warm up his fists.
A training camp for boxing takes months.
So who knows what this gorilla's preparation method is.
All right, well, disappointing,
but let's just fucking weight into this amount of web
that we have to deal with.
Coming in from Genre, we got some security cam footage.
That's the sound that abyss!
That's the sound that abyss!
That's the sound that abyss!
Oh, nice hit.
Let's hear it one more time, just, you know, over this.
That's the sound that abyss!
That's the sound that abyss!
That's the sound that abyss!
You know?
So remix, because our music is also under it.
Probably just kind of sounds a little cacophonous.
Language case.
You should send in a pic of my newly shaped head
and petition to be a new emote.
Where's the fucking Matt Liddell tattoo?
All in good time, Chut.
I haven't forgotten any of this.
I feel like I'm the only one who remembers this shit, case.
Get your head out of it. Get your hand.
Okay, 7.29, not bad.
Not bad!
Manipulation 1991.
Coming in from attack of the electro.
This is 6 minutes long.
Okay, we might skip through this a little bit,
but this is manipulation 1991.
Is this a stop motion human?
I'm unsettled.
What's he gonna do? Oh, great.
You can draw anybody. How can you not draw, like, a fucking rip-hop body?
I've always wondered that about animators.
Okay, never mind. This guy's pretty swole.
What the... he's giving up?
Oh.
Is he allowed to do that?
Okay, I get it. I get it.
Just be careful how many colors you mix in there.
And I'm gonna cut away before he fucks that ball.
Because whenever a cartoon man makes a putty ball,
you know they're probably about to fuck it.
Not sure about that, Chut.
You know what makes films with absolutely no background music anymore?
I agree.
We're so swamped with background music.
I mean, currently, yeah.
You play the same background music all the time.
No, I mean in films.
The sweet sounds of silence and light stepping sound effects,
and a little bit of goo sound.
5.174, the manipulation.
Good manipulate those numbers.
Good one, Chut. Thank you. I try.
This is from Live and Sleazy.
So brace yourselves. Who knows?
Who knows what it could be?
Shit. Well, rated as it's playing. I hit the wrong button.
It says, though I would get one of my...
Thought I would get one of those cute videos showing him my newborn, but I guess not.
What?
Something about a newborn. Look, I tried to read. I tried.
Is he about to shit or piss?
Oh. Oh. Okay. Okay.
What?
I don't think it was a zero.
It became a zero because of the baby, because of the thing at the end.
Maybe the score broke.
We broke the score.
That's the first 10 that somehow became a zero.
That's what happens when there's an adorable baby and a, you know,
and a monkey, and then that's how it ends.
It changes everything.
What the hell?
You know, Trump showing up did break the whole stream.
That's why you just can't have that guy on.
How presidential? That was a very presidential or anything.
Okay, this is also from Live and Sleazy.
Let's see if this is somehow a zero and a 10.
Is this sport?
This is such a good sport.
Now, this is some sport.
This, that is textbook.
That is. Right with that lead with the head. That's important.
So that is competitive CTE. We just, we finally embraced it.
As someone who has it, it's not that bad.
Seems bad.
What about it?
Seems bad.
Do you actually have it? Yeah, high school football.
I was told, I was taught to tackle with the top of my skull.
Because it's soft, so it absorbs the impact.
The top of your skull is soft.
Usually soft, making it more absorbent.
2.06?
Come on.
You at least got to respect the amount of damage that they're doing to their spine
with a higher score than that.
Which I created a AI robot and has a competitive relationship with Maya.
Okay, are we all sharing facts today?
I, I gotta say things about other people too.
That's great that that's a thing. See, I agree.
I am, that's my sarcastic voice. That's just your only voice case.
I think it's bad.
Well, it's cause you don't like sports.
And that's just that.
And now the sport of love.
Maybe.
This is alive and sleazy again. This is extreme love.
Oh my.
They got their board.
He has a fiancee?
What?
Hello MSG.
This means what?
I feel like that voiceover was somehow confusing me more.
It might not have been the original intention of the documentary filmmaker.
Three interchangeable sizes. Is that an option?
For the doll? Just for whatever.
You want to change your size? Cause sometimes I'm too big.
So, and then the ladies are like, if only it was smaller.
You know?
I don't know.
That's a long way to go just to drive in the carpool.
Hey!
That is a use of it I guess.
Yeah, it is. It's a legitimate use.
It feels illegal at best, socially frowned upon.
What, having all those dolls? It's illegal to have all those dolls.
I mean, if anything, that's a touching story.
There's someone for everyone. He found a lady that's down for his doll fetish.
The most shocking part is that he had a fiancee.
What the fuck?
He's reaching to another dimension. Did you?
No.
Okay, Sikor coming in with a graph. Let's check out Sikor's graph.
This is the graph based content we've craved.
A number of times I left my husband after he tried to show off to his friends with a weed whacker
and lost our ability to have a child.
Oh, oh, just once.
Just once right before, I'm assuming, 9-11.
Maybe right on 9-11.
But we don't know because they haven't updated the graph recently.
So it could have been, it could be, there could be another blip.
It was powerful stuff, Sikor.
You gotta introduce decimals into this.
You know, I could finally add decimals to this.
You could? I think I could finally add decimals to this.
Huh.
Well, I'm sorry for Chart Boom IG about their loss.
Is really say what happens to happen to Chart Boom IG's partner in 2001?
Right before 9-11.
I think it was actually before 2001 that that happened.
Whatever.
That's a good point. Whatever.
Let's do two more.
Calling your shot.
I am. Uncle Phil sent this in.
This is, this is the wrestling.
This is something, something, something wrestling. Okay.
I find this content relatable.
It reminds me of what we do here.
Yeah, it's not that different.
Other than there being like, you know, more than one person.
Excuse me?
Other than there being more than two people.
Mmm.
That was Macho Man's bachelor party?
That's beautiful.
Is this a lifetime commitment he's making the next day?
He deserves to have fun and wear that hat.
Is he allowed to wear that hat?
Yeah, he's the macho man.
I think he can get away with it.
I'm mad I wasn't invited.
I don't think you were old enough.
You don't know that.
I was mature.
I'm a mature young macho man fan.
Okay.
Coming in.
From Florida Man.
It's time for us to learn.
It's time for some technology in this web experience.
I don't know what this is, but it's probably sick.
Holy shit.
I guess it wasn't ad for refrigeration guru.
Guru G?
It's spelled G U R U G I.
Is that?
Yeah.
I guess it was an ad for refrigeration guru.
Guru G?
It's spelled G U R U G I.
Is that?
Yeah.
I guess it was an ad for refrigeration guru.
Guru G?
Is that?
Is that still just guru?
Kind of sounded like I just said guru.
What the fuck just happened?
I hit the wrong button.
Hold.
There we go.
6.27.
You like guru?
I like guru.
I do.
You do?
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, that honestly is pretty good.
I think a middling score is good to end on.
In case you know that's a fault that you're lying.
I need to find one that is a crowd pleaser.
And based on this still frame from Ray Silva,
this is something that will send everyone home happy.
A little bless up.
It's pretty good though.
It was kind of sort of sick actually.
It did kind of rock.
Not that we're signing off on exploding.
Lizard kids.
My brother's right.
Not my brother's right.
A good lesson about not panicking.
That's why I stay cool.
I stay fucking cool all the time, you know?
Okay, that's it.
I guess that is a good one to end on.
We'll send it to...
What do we have to do today?
We have to do therapy?
We have to talk to the moon.
And we have to talk to Joe Rogan.
Did talking to Trump count as talking to Joe Rogan?
Tragically no.
No, instead we must talk to Joe Rogan right now.
Before we go to the streets.
And we'll just cross our fingers and hope that I fixed whatever was broken with him.
I mean, I definitely didn't do that in a holistical sense.
You get what I mean.
It's time for the two Joe Rogans.
The Joe Rogan experience.
Jamie?
Hey, Jamie?
Have you fixed us, Jamie?
Yeah, I feel...
I feel like Jamie...
I don't think we should credit Jamie.
I don't think we should credit the whispering incantations he's been doing.
But I do think something fixed us.
I mean, should we credit him?
It could have been him.
Maybe.
Uh...
Hopefully...
I can't tell.
Can I...
Can I be heard?
Am I being heard?
It's a really great question, Joe.
That's a really great question, Joe.
I'm in a game with your little friend.
Oh, they hear me.
They hear me.
That's great news.
That is great news.
We did it, Joe.
One second, though.
Somehow my headphones died as soon as I...
As soon as I came on, my headphones died.
That's just how it goes.
When you do a live podcast on some weird guy's stream, sometimes it's just how it goes, everybody.
Okay.
You like the other Joe the best?
Why is that?
Jamie, you didn't get my mouth sink, right?
I don't like the way my mouth is synced.
Fix my mouth sink.
I think this is the best we're gonna get, Joe.
I think sometimes you just gotta accept it.
It fucking sucks.
Always a mouth sink issue?
I...
That is...
Speaking the gospel right now.
Right now.
What did you just say?
Speaking the gospel right now.
Okay?
Look, you can set us...
I'm gonna fix my mouth sink.
But in the meantime, you can set us conas with exclamation points C.
Did you just go to the void?
I'm on level with you.
Yeah, I went pretty deeply into the void just now.
I felt the sweet release of pure nothingness.
But also, you know, because of the various contradictory natures of reality, I also felt everything.
I mean, I don't need to explain this to you, Joe.
You absolutely don't.
That was a test.
I was also in the void.
I'm broken.
I mean, in a sense, you are completely broken by the void.
But also, once you return, you're more than ever.
Sometimes you must break something to become more.
That's a really good point, Joe.
I don't know if people talk about that.
It's really brave of you to bring it up.
People are really afraid to talk about it.
Anyway, we got some comments.
Everything works finally.
I feel great.
I feel healthier than ever.
People are saying, you know, they like my show more than ever.
I'm more of a hot topic that, you know, I haven't alienated any of my audience.
These are the things that, these are all the things that people say, you know, about me, Joe Rogan.
God damn it.
Okay, there's one last thing that I have to fix.
Well, always something.
They never got into these comments.
I swear to God.
The only way to fix these things is to do it live.
Lila Riley was right.
About one thing at least.
I thought most things actually.
Okay.
Comments.
Yeah, there they are.
Alright.
Casey does not know about Kristi Noem's husband.
I mean, I know that he seems like a, he seems like a good guy to me.
The main thing I know about Kristi Noem's husband is he seems like a good guy.
People get so caught up on like one detail about a guy, like,
the things they said, the people he regularly promotes, the
billionaires who agenda he seems to be pushing constantly on every show.
Wait, did I break again?
Audio is insane.
Okay.
Sorry, I just looked to the, I looked to the side and literally all it said was error, error, error.
On the monitor that I have in my Joe Rogan studio.
Nobody say anything.
Just let it happen.
Is it happening even?
Now I'm afraid I didn't return from the void.
Let's double check.
Now we are back from the void.
We can't let the void keep us down like this.
The whole point of the void is to liberate yourself.
Anyway, I, I, I case does another guy new sub goal should Bre brian and Zaman gets a theme song.
Okay.
Happy cool space things day.
I think that's a good day every day.
Every day there are things in space.
And you know, a lot of people refuse to believe that there are things in space.
It's really depressing what's happened to the science community is they're so sure what they think is in space that they don't really think about how there are things in space.
Yeah, like, it shouldn't be controversial for me to say stuff is in space and that stuff.
You know, exactly.
How does that guy have a girlfriend and a real doll?
Are you talking about me because you if you focus, you can have both?
Yeah, I'm really tired of people pretending like you can't have both.
Like I can have a realistic doll that I own.
It's not alive.
It's realistic.
It's not alive.
Yeah, and it's not my wife.
And honestly, if you have a wife that's upset about your doll, well, they're the ones being silly because it's just a doll.
Like, are you afraid of dolls?
Like, even little kids aren't afraid of dolls.
If you have a wife who's afraid of your doll, like, they're honestly, they are the problem.
And I've always said this.
And honestly, that's like one of the biggest, like, I their hearts.
Let's face it.
There's differences between men and women.
And one of them is that women are afraid of your giant doll that you keep in the bedroom that you put between you when you sleep.
Yeah, and it's silly because like, it's if you're bigger, you're going to want a bigger doll.
So like, why am I the crazy one?
It's just it's just a doll that is between us when we sleep.
And if I wake up and I'm doing stuff to the doll, yeah, it's a doll, honey.
You know?
Yeah, but honestly, like, people hear this and their brains just shut down.
It's like, people aren't ready to hear about this.
The USA is totally going to drop a nuke tomorrow.
Sick.
Man, that's interesting.
Like, I've always thought like, are we going to do an are you going to use another one of those?
Because we have them.
Like, it's kind of crazy.
They have them and not use them, right?
And like, I get it.
Like, people think it'll probably be like the end of the world in the apocalypse and stuff.
But I mean, we've done it before.
Yeah, I mean, we've done it before.
And like, is it that they give a deal?
Yeah, like, I mean, Joe Rogan, I've always said like, is dropping a nuke that big of a deal?
Like, is it that big of a problem?
I like, I don't know.
People just overreact to everything.
It's like, oh my God, you said, you said a word.
You're not supposed to say, oh, you dropped in.
You dropped in nuke.
You know, yeah, exactly.
People did to calm down.
Who is this guy?
Who are you?
How many rocks should I eat weekly?
This is a really good question.
I mean, obviously the answer is above zero.
And that's the big problem is for most people at zero.
And I mean, there's a reason cows eat rocks.
And they do that deal a lot because they've got like, at least three four,
four, so that's somewhere between three and 300 stomachs.
So they have to they have to like triple the amount of rock that we eat.
But you should eat you should eat a column out.
Divide the number of stomachs your average cow has by the number of rocks cow eat.
Yeah, divide the equation is number of rocks cow eat divided by number of rocks.
Then divide by number of stomachs cow have equals the amount of rocks you should eat.
That's just science.
Do we say that?
Yeah, we're on it.
We're on an island here.
We can actually say that word with no consequences.
Do Jamie and Papio eat the same wires like the pasta scene and the lady in the tramp?
Um, yeah.
Yeah, that's actually really accurate way to describe the way.
Jamie kind of always eats like he's trying to do a lady in the tramp,
but there's no other person there.
Yeah, he dangles food from his mouth like he's waiting for some other entity to pick up the slack on the other side of the noodle.
So that he can do a meat, cute kind of kiss lady in the tramp situation, but it never happens.
And so he's always just kind of got like a long food item dangling out of his mouth.
And it gets caught on things because oftentimes it's not even food.
Yeah, I mean a lot of the times it's wires.
Sometimes it seems like viscera.
I don't know where he would have gotten that.
It's hard to say where Jamie gets his viscera from, but it's dangling out of his mouth for sure.
Mr. Rogan is polymarket like polyester.
How can we make money off of a round with beautiful breathable fabric?
This is a really good question.
And my answer is bet on.
You could make a bad betting market based on fabric.
I mean, I think that probably, yeah, isn't that the stock in the stock market?
Yeah.
Maybe it was the A.R.S.
Monster City that fixed you.
Yeah, I think so.
Ever since I had this buzzer by AI, I feel more mentally clear than ever.
Yeah, actually, our alpha brain is now powered by AI.
Yeah, I have been meaning to mention that alpha brain is now powered by AI.
We introduced AI into our alpha brain powder.
Our alpha brain powder is now a large language model.
So you can ask it really any question you want.
And also it's a powder that you can ingest.
Yeah, it's the first powder that's also a large language model.
And yeah, I am proud of that.
And you know, people can mad at me when I promote things, but I don't see you creating a powder that's also a plugin for chat GPT.
I just don't see other people doing that.
And I don't know.
It's like people are afraid of people who are just afraid to like take risks now.
It's been really sad to see afraid people are take risks lately.
Hey, Joe, hey, how's it going?
Hey, yo, Joe's what shampoo slash conditioner do you use?
Oh, I use yak excretion.
Yeah, you're going to want to get a yak in heat and you're going to want to get all those fluids.
You're going to want to dunk your head in it.
Like, you know, like that guy who insults people at a carnival and then gets dunked at a dunk tank.
That's how you're going to want to kind of bathe your body and hair in yak secretions, the sexual type.
You're going to want to get dumped into that, but your whole body, you're going to want to stay in there longer than you think without breathing.
You're going to dunk yourself in there for excruciating amount of time.
You're going to want to train your lungs to exist in yak secretions for about four or five minutes without breathing, but also while screaming.
You want to train your lungs so that you can go into water and scream.
What I'm saying is of the conditioner I use is yak secretion.
I dunk myself into a full body and then I scream in the liquids for four to five minutes and I leave with a lustrous scalp that shines really as bright as a taxi cab in the fog.
That's beautiful. That's beautiful.
What you just said. Muncher crumb.
Muncher fixed that mouth.
It's fucked up.
You know that I have sensitive to my mouth.
Obviously my mouth has meant a lot. Some things have happened to it and we've tried to fix it.
I like to say that I'll talk about anything, but I won't talk about everything.
I'll talk about anything, but I won't talk about everything.
Hey Joe, how thick are your ropes? Do they get thicker with L-Zero Ring?
Yes, they do. They can get dangerously thick.
They can kind of become, or like a projectile, like a spear that you shoot out.
Sort of think of like the face, the second face that shoots out of an alien's mouth.
That's kind of what my ropes are currently.
And they hurt. They hurt. The pleasure is gone for sure from any type of cum that I do.
Yeah, but honestly people are so obsessed with a cum that feels good.
When really you can have a cum that feel terrible.
And we do, we do, but it comes strong.
The point is that it comes strong and it's alive.
Yeah, we've knocked down the gestation period of our combs to negative.
They're alive inside us and they come out angry and ready to fight.
And that's what we trained them for.
Does Joe Rogan know how many Joes it takes to screw in a light bulb in a sensory deprivation tank?
I mean, it's a confusing answer, but none and infinity.
Yeah, that's correct. That is correct.
Thoughts on the Easter Bunny, just standing there while Trump bragged about war crimes.
It's the job. That's the job. Yeah, you know, you feel sad to be the Easter Bunny.
You're not there for politics.
Yeah, I'm really tired of what holiday mascots that show up at the White House.
And they try to make it all about politics.
Like your job is to stand there, represent your holiday and feel lucky to be there.
And obviously the president has other jobs to do.
So like if you're Santa Claus, I don't need to hear about how you're worried about kids.
Just because you're at the White House.
Like just fucking, you know, let Trump sit on your lap and whisper in your ear.
That's what you're there for.
The void is where Joe goes when he's on Ivermectin.
That's one of the ways to enter the void.
But you know, if you, I guess if you haven't been to the void, then probably you don't understand that there's
there's a lot of ways to enter the void.
We don't even, we don't know all the ways. It sneaks up on us.
Obviously the void sneaks up on you.
The many multifarious ways of entering you are unknown to even the wisest.
Ivermectin is one.
Does the void smell like Case's dinner? Yes.
Does Joe understand your reality warping powers?
Can you access the void? It will not.
It will.
Honestly, probably when you least expect, sometimes when you least want it, that's when the void,
when you'll enter the void, the void will enter you.
It's hard to say who's doing the penetrative act when it comes to the void.
Because it's sort of consuming all, it's penetrating all and also taking away, it's an absence and a penetration.
Which is, it is sexy.
It is sexy.
What I just said is sexy.
And what I said just said does turn me on.
I'm really turned on now.
And that's good that you can admit that.
I'm tired of people not admitting when they're fully bricked out, when they're the horniest they've ever been,
when they feel uncontrollably sexual.
Yeah, I mean, I've been in favor of just saying that to everybody that you're with all the time.
And I'm proud to keep doing that.
Can I have exactly 2046 channel points?
Yes, your wish is granted.
Somebody make that happen.
Well, who do you play with Mario Kart and why is it Wario Brothers?
I was because he's got the best shoulder to leg ratio.
Yeah, I like his body shape.
I think most guys' legs are way too long.
I think Wario, he understands fitness.
He understands sort of a body type that appeals to other men.
And he looks great.
He looks great.
And I wish.
I mean, basically what I'm saying is when I see Warrior, I'm like, I wish.
I think that's a very normal response.
Interchangeable penis sub-wielfer puffy bear also boobs.
Great point.
Hey, Joe, where are you going with that gun in your hand?
I might be a typo, but I...
The question feels evocative to me.
Yeah, like the gun in your head.
It's like the gun that you had.
Are we all walking around with a gun that we had?
In a sense, I feel like all of us have a gun that we had.
I mean, I do a lot of... I just have a lot of guns.
Obviously, we also have actively a lot of guns, but...
It's like owning something.
You also own it in the past tense.
You ever thought about that?
It's crazy how time is, because like, if you were holding a thing,
you were also holding a thing.
At what point are you holding a thing?
Bruce, at what point were you holding a thing?
That's a really good point, Joe.
Hey, Jamie.
Oh, shit, you guys just made us say, hey, Jamie.
Now he's activated.
Oh, he is riled up.
He is riled up.
He got a bunch of that weightlifting powder,
which I don't even use.
I don't believe in protecting your hands ever.
And he's... I think he thinks it's like sugar,
but he keeps trying to make elephant cakes with it.
You know, like the carnival type elephant cake?
We got him a deep fryer for Christmas.
Honestly, probably our mistake that we got him a full deep fryer kit.
Yeah, I mean, he's been trying to make elephant cakes out of...
essentially everything,
but it's really settled into mostly small creatures.
Small vermin, I'd say.
He keeps deep frying vermin alive.
And you know, I don't...
Obviously, you know, there's...
I'm not like...
I'm not some kind of bleeding hurt,
but it is hard to watch him do that to...
even mice.
Even mice, it's disturbing, you see?
He's like a snake.
He's like a snake if the jaws of the snake were a deep fryer.
And it's not good.
It's not good. I'll say that.
You know, I'm pro-hunting,
but I don't think that's what he's doing.
Hey, Joe, I said, where are you going with that gun of yours?
That feels like a deep question, too.
I'm not really sure why,
but it is evoking something in me.
It's just got me thinking so much about time,
the times I've had guns,
the times I haven't had guns.
It's a really interesting...
It's like a...
It's like a Socratic dialogue that we're having.
Yeah, I was thinking that.
I think that a lot.
Middle-aged monster, Wood-Guy pilot.
Middle-aged monster, Wood-Guy pilot.
Middle-aged monster, Wood-Guy pilot.
Middle-aged monster, Wood-Guy pilot.
He's made of wood and he's a landlord.
Okay, well, I think you said it all.
Yeah, I think we really...
I think we made a lot of progress today.
You know, it's good to be back.
It's good to have a face again.
I spent a lot of time sort of as a total nothingness
or as a rotating image of a ghost,
and it's good to have a corporal form again.
It's rough to be back with Jamie
and see the types of animals he's cooking alive,
but it's good to be...
Do we ever leave the studio?
I feel like we're either in the studio
or we're nothing at all.
So I don't know if do we leave
or do we just...
We don't exist.
Do we still exist?
Hi, Joe.
Great work as always.
Are you Team Bridge Day or Team Power Plant Day?
Oh, yeah, because it's one of...
Tomorrow's one of those days for bridges or power plants.
I guess would you want it to be the day that you want...
If you like bridges more, do you want it to be Power Plant Day?
I think the important thing here is that
we think of it as sort of like a...
Twilight-style team thing and not as...
a war crime.
Yeah, because I think the president's making it more fun than a war crime.
Yeah, he's found a fun way to approach it
where I think we can all agree
there's no need to think of it as like a...
catastrophic loss of life in a war crime
and an unprovoked war.
It's more like the movie Twilight.
Yeah.
Anyway, that's all I've pretty much had to say.
I guess so...
Apparently this is a news...
Some of this is a news thing, so...
We all send it...
I guess we send it back to the news.
Why are you playing these noises?
You played them.
Not on purpose.
Scrum, I signed you up to do a 30-minute wrap
at 100 subs.
Why so many?
Also, no.
Now you have to do it.
30 minutes?
It doesn't sound like a good idea, but...
I don't think of anything else.
Is that how you approach everything?
Yeah.
I don't...
I despise music.
I won't do this.
See, I figured you'd want...
I think you secretly want to,
so you can just stop pretending that you don't.
I won't do it.
You're literally smiling.
I know you want a wrap for 30 minutes straight.
No...
Wait.
Okay, well anyway, that'll happen at 100 subs.
What am I here for?
Unfortunately you're here to read the chat news.
Apologies, chat.
I make no apologies to anyone other than myself.
Sorry that I have to do this.
I say to me...
You can't believe someone didn't just gift 100 subs.
I understand all of you want this to happen immediately.
But take it easy, okay?
Because I refuse to do it.
You're 100% going to do it.
Anyway, I'm sure all of you want to see it right away,
but just resist.
I think they'll be okay.
We'll see.
I mean, I'm...
It's a thing that everybody's going to want to see, but...
Just like this,
Nvidia's own DLSS-5 announcement video gets taken down by YouTube
in Italy due to a copyright strike.
Local TV channel sent a copyright strike to every YouTube video for using the trailer.
It used for its own broadcast.
You know, I was confused by Nvidia's decision to do DLSS-5 in general,
but I'm equally confused by this headline.
YouTube's AI moderator took down videos that contain clips of DLSS-5 trailer.
Okay.
Gaming content creator Nicktex said on their ExitCut
that the Italian media company used footage from DLSS-5 trailer for its own coverage.
However, it seems that an overzealous employee of the Italian company
sent out a mass DMCA complaint,
and then YouTube's AI moderator stepped in and took down every video
that had the same content.
Okay, great.
When Scrum has to focus, he uses Kase's voice.
What silence I say?
I literally don't sound like you.
I kind of hope you don't sound that much like me, but, you know, everybody sounds a little bit like me.
So egotistical.
I'm, you know, it's a solipsistic scream.
What can I say?
All right, good for them.
Get that copyright.
Get that copyright action going, Italy.
That's one way to get rid of DLSS-5 is just, we make this Italian company,
DMCA, all of it, into non-existence.
What about a 35-minute rap for five subs?
35 minutes?
That's a fairer conversion rate for sure.
But now, the premium is 100 subs for this.
This is like the highest amount for a sub goal you've done in maybe years.
Yeah.
Don't you feel like you're a highly valued employee now, Scrum?
I already know that.
I don't need to feel it more.
90-year-old athlete holds dead hang for nearly three minutes, case?
Congratulations.
I don't think I look 90, Scrum.
I think I just got you.
Also, I'd still be doing something impressive in that case.
Earned.
Is there a video?
Oh, who's this?
Who's this?
I'm Ben Hooper, and this is your UPI, all news, minute for Thursday, April 2nd, 2020.
226.
Police in California responded to a part of a trespasser drinking outside a resident's home,
and instead discovered a dummy that had been placed as an April Fool's Day prank.
Polushun right of police departments said officers responded when sent to the neighborhood
where someone had seen a person camping and drinking next to their home.
The officers approached the supposed trespasser andédn nosotros noticed it was a mannequin
sunglasses, a fake beard and a hoodie, and posed with a blanket and a beer bottle.
The mannequin had apparently been placed next to the home as an April Fool's Day prank.
Police wrote,
We know some of you will be pulling off epic pranks today, but remember, faking emergencies
or calling 911 is not a joke.
Stay safe, have fun, and don't be a fool.
Gosh, that is, for lack of a better word, that was epic, sir.
You like this.
I mean, I do too, I just, you don't like anything.
Obviously, I like Ben Hooper.
That was his jibs and jabs, his coverage, his whimsical nature.
Do you think I don't have a heart at all case?
I assumed.
I love Ben Hooper.
I don't think it's an exaggeration to say, I love you Ben.
Wow, that's the healing power of Ben Hooper.
I guess the moral of the story is Jeff Ripple can get fucked.
Okay, cool.
Black Bear, uh, Cub, rescued from Ditch, next to Jersey Highway.
Oh, look at him.
Whatever.
I don't give a shit.
You don't like this?
I mean, Ben Hooper was covering this shirt.
But personally, what?
It's like an oversized rat.
Don't care.
He's so cute though.
I don't give a shit.
Call me when Ben Hooper's talking about it.
Okay.
14 year old running for governor, first teen to get on Vermont's general election ballot.
You can run for governor at 14?
He has my vote.
Really?
He's too young to have been corrupted by the bullshit.
Oh, that's the best electoral strategy.
You don't even know anything he stands for.
I know how tall he stands.
He stands at the height of a 14 year old.
It's a pretty big range of how tall 14 year olds are.
Looking back, gubernatorial candidate Dean Roy said his political ambition started in
the eighth grade.
And by that, he means last year.
That's almost a Ben Hooper quality joke.
Not quite, but close.
So I'm, I don't hate it.
Obviously, I don't feel love in the way I do if Ben Hooper were to write something
like that.
I understand.
Jake Paul thinks blackface is reasonable.
Oh, is a reasonable.
Sorry.
I said that wrong.
I made him sound bad.
Jake Paul thinks blackface is a reasonable response to Druski.
Oh, and then it says it is not.
This article says it's not.
I think I might be on BET side here.
Did he do blackface?
I want to ask you something because I've been, oh, meeting of the minds.
Everyone, get ready.
Brace yourselves over the last couple of days calling makeup artists.
And I was going to do a response to this and like go and do like the fool on darker.
Yeah.
And do it and just do it back because why I think we get it.
You don't want to hear him up.
As soon as Druski did the whiteface thing, everyone was like, who's going to be the first
conservative shithead to make the blackface video in response.
And I'm assuming many already probably have.
So if anything, I feel like he's probably behind the trend here.
But I guess he'll get a news cycle out of it.
So, but is he wrong?
Yeah.
But why, case?
Can you even defend that position?
Because blackface and whiteface are slightly different.
And what's different about them?
Like slavery and all the systematic racism.
I'd say it's the main difference.
But what else?
That was the main difference.
Grungeface is fine, obviously.
Interesting.
It's interesting.
A wireless festival boss defends Kanye West's appearance.
He's back.
Kanye and Louis are both back, everyone.
Don't worry.
Nature is healing.
It's good to see nature so fully healed.
The managing director of a wireless festival has defended the decision to choose Kanye
West as a headliner, encouraging people to offer the rapper forgiveness.
You know, in this time where our politics are so deeply concerned about anti-Semitism, I think
it's important that we all say, it's time to forgive Kanye.
Yes.
You're right.
Debate demanded.
It's okay for Jake Paul to do that.
It's a debate.
It's not even a question.
You just said it's okay.
It has been kind of fascinating.
I have some acquaintances that were sharing Instagram stories of themselves at Kanye's
LA concert.
I was just like, oh, okay.
I guess everyone is just down to not give a shit at all right away.
Well, I think he apologized.
Yeah, he literally was like, sorry, I guess.
Everyone's like, oh, you know, I guess the Hitler song wasn't that bad.
I think it was probably that bad personally.
Well, aren't you brave?
No, it's just, it's, things can be too much.
You don't have to still like Kanye West.
And also it isn't saying to me that Louis CK is just like, you know, I'm back on Netflix.
Did any of my victims like really forgive me?
Did I make any meaningful statements that actually I reckoned with what I'd done?
I mean, I made a post.
I did some podcasts.
I'm back to normal.
Since when is case anti Hitler?
I just, I guess I've changed.
I remember when you were, you know, I don't remember that actually.
I remember one case used to be cool.
What are you trying to say right now, Scrum?
No, it's unrelated to the Hitler stuff.
I just, I remember when you used to be cool case.
You do?
Nope.
April Fool's.
It's not April Fool's anymore.
Got you.
I got you again.
We've got some comments actually here.
Build a power plant on the bridge so you don't need to get gas.
Kill two birds with one.
Nuke.
Kanye West likes fish sticks.
I remember that.
Remember when we got him with that?
Remember when they defeated Kanye West with that fish stick stuff?
Supposedly it did really bother him for some, some reason that really got to him.
That's what broke him.
Okay, let's see if we can find a feel good story to end on.
Hmm, you know, it's looking like we can't.
It's looking like there's not a lot of good news in here.
What do you mean?
Something it's like the world is having some problems possibly based on the news I'm
scrolling through.
Okay, here's a, here's an innocuous story.
Do Apple Dapples?
Just have to scroll till I see your name, I guess.
Okay, we're going to, you know, I was going to click on this Game Boy one.
It's a Game Boy story.
Surely that means it's a feel good story.
Game Boy Advance RPG releases next week, fully remastered on modern consoles.
It re-releases.
What RPG?
Sigma Star Saga.
It's like a men's self-improvement RPG.
A Sigma Male RPG.
Yeah, I think it's an RPG where you,
you try to become as Sigma as possible.
Unfortunately, it released about a year or so after people stopped saying Sigma Male
and moved on to Jester Gooning or whatever, so.
It'll have to release an update again.
It's a decent game.
Nice.
Well, that's your feel good story for the day.
Sigma Star Saga DX is on the way.
Uh, okay.
We got a bunch more segments to try to burn through.
In probably an hour.
How long have I been going?
Yeah, I can probably do another hour.
Uh, let's send it to Munch and Crumb and then we'll burn through the rest of these.
But for now, it's these two.
Haha, this is a tricky one today.
You guys are trying to trip me up.
Is it okay for it?
It's okay for it.
It's just also this is again just a statement.
It's okay for.
I can't say this out loud due to a court order.
Scrum, get the fuck out.
Crumb, what are you doing?
Sorry, I was giving Scrum my locker key because he, um, I let him store his, uh, his scalp
lotion in my locker because I ran out.
So I was giving him my locker key.
It's really more like a scalp lubricant.
It's a tub of scalp.
I let him borrow it.
Well, he let me borrow his.
What are you talking about?
What are we talking?
What are we talking about today?
That's a good welcome to Munch and Crumb, the show where you set the debate and we
just have it.
Just find a catchphrase that you can actually say every time.
I'm figuring it out.
It's better than what you say, which is what that I look like.
Um, I look like a, like a cum mellow.
Like a marshmallow made out of cum.
I've never said that.
It's kind of what?
Well, you know, you say something mean.
What are we owed?
Uh, is it so it's okay for Jake Paul to do blackface?
Well, don't record me saying that, please.
You just did.
Uh, well, don't take that out of context.
Um, it's not.
Let's put a not in there.
It's not okay for Jake Paul to do blackface.
Yeah, I'm not afraid to say that.
Okay.
Sorry, everybody.
I'm going to go on.
It's not okay.
And if that makes me really brave, then you'll be charged.
Shave Tom Jones.
Live and sleazy knows how to insult you.
Unlike you, who somehow can insult yourself despite existing in your own body, which has
to be a horrifying experience.
You'd be surprised how good it feels to be in here.
Way in here.
Please use your morals.
I'm using them.
You're going to say no.
Well, that I'm ahead in the plane count.
Well, were you going to say no?
Well, it's a complex, it's a complex question, obviously.
It's a complex.
Look, racial, racial dynamics are race in America is a complex question.
So you're not saying no.
My answer is it's complex.
Why not just saying no?
Just don't have to just don't do blackface.
Is it that hard for people to just not do blackface?
But you see the thing is, Druski did, he did a different face.
It's obviously different.
Yeah, but I'm just saying it's complex is all.
It's complicated.
So we have a logic.
I'm on the side of, look, it's complicated.
And much, you know, he's on the side of honestly, I guess just thoughtless,
knee-jerk reactions to everything.
Yes.
In this case, it's very easy to have a thoughtless knee-jerk.
Just don't.
Spathetic, it's spathetic how anti-intellectual you are.
Druski was funny.
Yeah, he looked like that lady.
He looked like that, he looked like that lady's husband with a huge
bajangas.
No, he was doing Erica Kirk.
Oh, he wasn't doing the, he wasn't doing the, the, the, the, the
racist woman's big kiddie husband.
You're diminishing the, it's, it's all more complex.
Everything you're saying is, is, it's more complicated than what you're saying.
No, I'm just saying, I, I thought Druski did a video where he was the
big tittied husband of the Borders are.
Look, I'd like to say what you're saying doesn't make sense, but yes,
technically what you're saying is factually sort of, you're wrong about,
Druski did the, the white-faced Erica Kirk video.
And he also did a very insensitive, what I like to call Southern face.
Both of which are highly offensive to not my people.
Obviously I'm more elevated than the low class swine, but what?
I'm then, then the low, then the low, the, my point is everything is complicated.
Okay.
The skin is, everybody's got skin.
And I think that gets lost in this is really at, at the end of the day,
don't we all have skin?
Well, I guess, I wonder if anybody's alive that doesn't have skin.
And you know, I don't want to think about that for too long.
So my point is like, and skin is got a lot of cells, cells are complicated.
At the end of the day, we're all people also.
And if Jake Paul, if you get knocked out hard enough by a black guy,
can you do blackface?
Is that crazy to ask?
Yeah, that's, that is crazy to ask.
Well, I don't have much to say.
Just don't do blackface.
It's very simple.
Just don't do it.
Don't do it.
Yeah.
But remember, Tropic Thunder?
I probably think they shouldn't have done it.
He put, he didn't get Druskyd and we let Robert Downey Jr. do it.
So Jake Paul got Druskyd.
No, he didn't.
He got knocked out by a black guy really hard.
So that's basically like getting Druskyd.
Because it was funny when he got knocked out and Druskyd's a comedian.
That's why I'm saying all of it's complicated.
This is a complex poll.
They got confused because of the complex issue.
I think they meant to vote for the...
It's just that when there's two answers, honestly, it's complicated, you know?
So they, I think the fact that I went, you literally, obviously you lost.
This is so easy.
It's so easy.
Your fight for racism was defeated?
Good.
Good.
We can celebrate that.
Celebration is complicated.
No, it's not.
Just don't do blackface.
You're the one who said it's OK for Jake Paul to do blackface.
I read the statement.
It's not OK.
It was a little funny and tropic thunder, but it was a different time.
What, like 2004?
Like 2006?
Eight?
Nine?
He shouldn't have done it though.
But it's a little bit of a classic.
OK.
But it's not.
But look, the main point is, fuck Jake Paul.
That's now you're being diminishing to Jake Paul.
Yes.
Yes, that's OK.
He puts in work.
He puts in a lot of work.
OK.
Also, he's disabled.
He got his whole face knocked off and they had to put it back.
He's disabled.
You're making fun of a disabled man.
He got his whole face knocked off.
He got his chin knocked back into the early 1900s where it's OK to do blackface.
And you're making fun of this man.
It's fucked up what you're doing.
He's probably the type of person who do Jake Paul face.
What, you mean just grow a beard?
Get a bunch of bad tattoos?
No, that's Jake Paul body.
I don't think he has face tattoos.
He's mentally disabled.
We're allowed to say that kind of stuff again because of the advances my party has made.
OK.
The advances my people have made.
Finally, we've got some social justice in this country.
We're allowed to say the R word now.
And I'm saying the R word because now that's actually edgy because it's so
easy to say the actual word that now it's actually edgier for me to say our word.
All I'm doing is fighting for people's rights here.
You see what I did at the end there?
We were arguing.
I think I nailed that out.
You're ruining my enjoyment of my song.
Reagan was a ban term for a while and I brought it back.
Now I can say I'm fully Reagan.
Fully R worded.
Say it five times fast, much.
Reagan, Reagan, Reagan, Reagan, Reagan.
Feels good every time.
It's trickling out of my mouth, trickling down to the people.
That's all the time we have for my glorious victory marches today.
Steady winning.
It's honestly, it's tiring.
I'm Trump was right.
I'm tired of all the winning we're doing.
What are you thought it was about to appear?
Oh, Reagan.
No, you got to say it.
You got to say it in the right rooms.
He's not going to disappear in any old room.
He needs at least like a $10,000 a plate fundraiser.
If you're going to get the ghost of Reagan to appear by everybody.
Why hello everyone.
What the god damn it.
My body is disappearing again.
One second.
Making me disappear and stuff.
There we go.
I'm corporal again.
Good to see everyone.
You're on the streets with trip bread scene.
You can in fact send me.
When you're supposed to be able to send me.
There we go.
There now you can send me exclamation point trip.
Play my music.
Not that play that there we go.
Now you can send me comments, questions, concerns, or I like to say
they all fell into the category of opinions and send them to me right out
here on these streets with exclamation point trip.
I will then wrangle your opinion, pull it to me like a lasso of thoughts,
and then I'll deeply kiss it with my words, forming what I call a discourse
of charismatic sexual words.
I'm making it sexual, actually.
And usually the people talking to me do that.
I'm going to stop doing that.
Anywho.
Let's see who's out here today.
Who's got opinions for me?
I'm Trippy B.
OK.
One second everyone.
We're just getting a couple of our hands in order.
We're getting the hands out here.
Yes, you've got a question for me.
I'm Trippy B.
Or opinion.
I'll leave the loop twisty way.
You look.
More different than usual.
We vote to return to the moon soon.
Excited for it?
Didn't we already didn't that already happen in the
already launch over?
Not.
We're not there yet.
Oh, wait.
I own the moon.
And you're not invited.
You're banned.
OK, I'm ready for the Almighty Big Fan to blow me away because I don't even
care. I blow me away.
I'll give no fucks.
I have.
Does he own the moon?
Is that a?
There's no way Rob Alvy owns the moon.
That would be too upsetting.
OK.
Let's see who else is out here for me.
I'm still Trippy B.
Believe that.
I guess you that.
Hello, Tripp.
It's me, Mountain Man Mike.
Oh, no. What happened to you, Mike?
The Artemis 2 launch today spooked the alien graze.
Yeah, it was a few days ago, but that's fine.
So the Bigfoot took advantage of it for a sneak attack.
Are you OK?
I'm good.
We've managed to push them into the territory of the hill, people.
Big Fan, I love you.
Nobody's waiting for my responses.
I guess he's at war with the aliens and stuff.
He's got a complicated history.
How did his face become the Mountain Dew?
I wanted to know, but there was no time.
Unfortunately, there was no time.
OK.
Who else?
Yes, you there.
Hey, it's your boy, Normal Hype Train.
Uh, your Seathroo Train?
Do you have any hookups of any flashlights?
I ran through all of mine last week and I need my fix.
What?
The last bitch got all crumbly.
I mushed them up, my ewe's and I'm so fizzed they became dust if you know what I mean.
Um...
You ran through a hole.
You ran through multiple flashlights in a week.
Yeah.
I'm a train, though.
Get normally amounts of hype, please, everyone.
Ahem.
Sorry, one second.
One second.
One second, please.
Rap, rap, rap, normal amounts of rap.
Do you have a flashlight?
No.
No!
No need to get upset.
I mean, I'm upset.
I don't know what I'm gonna do with my night.
You know where I could get?
A sex store!
They're expensive!
How are you affording this?
I'm not, I'm addicted, man.
I can't afford them at all.
I'm fucking stealing a man and bringing in his story anytime to steal him flashlights.
No one of my friends will talk to me anymore, man.
They know, they all know.
They're just laying around my apartment.
No receipts.
They know I, they know I'm stealing them.
Everybody's judging me.
But it's all I deal with all day is judgment.
So do you have a fucking...
You got a flashlight?
Rap, rap.
I can see you don't.
I can see you don't, I'm gonna go.
You know what?
He's doing his best.
Yes, you there.
Do you have an opinion for me?
I am still trippy bee.
This isn't my favorite.
This is really not my favorite.
I don't even have the heart.
I was gonna bother you about sleeping in the park trip,
but you weren't even real.
Okay.
But you weren't even a person adopted by a mentally unwell man
who came out here in the park after suffering a breakdown or twitch streaming.
That was almost four years ago, pale.
Okay.
Let's bring you inside.
Will you come inside with me, trip?
Come inside.
Come inside with me, trip.
Come inside on a magical adventure.
Come inside with me, trip.
Come inside on a magical...
Nope.
Nope.
Cut it out.
Ahem.
Alright.
Let's see who else is out here today.
Ah, yes, you there.
What do you have for me?
I'm Trippy Bee.
Hello.
I'm Walter Mudbutter, big fan.
You've seen better days, Walter.
How are we all?
I'm an avid dreamer in infinite being shaped like a bagel with short answers.
His theme music is great though.
I'm however terrified of sleeping off.
No clean underwear left to my name.
That's me in a nutshell.
Are you the lawyer from the other thing?
I can't really say.
I do know that I ain't got no drawers.
Good luck keeping your clothes clean when you ain't got no drawers.
You want a kiss?
Nope.
Alright, because I ain't got no kisses to my name either.
I didn't know your mouth could do that.
But either.
We've both found something out today.
It's been good today.
These are some good opinions, everyone.
I love doing street interviews.
That'll never change.
Great work.
Okay, yes you there.
I'm Trippie B.
Okay.
That's fine.
Yes you there.
Hey did Leon marry
Ada?
Or the concept of kicking?
I don't think he married Ada.
Is he married in the new game?
Leon Kennedy, notorious playboy.
What do you settle down even with a kick?
I don't think so.
I think he's too free.
We got married.
We got married.
We got married.
We got married.
We got married.
We got married for sure.
I think he'd marry, I guess he'd marry a kick.
I don't think any woman can contain those legs.
But the concept of kicking, he'd make love to that every night.
Hmm.
Correct.
He's Polly.
He can be married in Polly.
Great.
Okay, alright.
Yes you there.
What?
It's your boy the void.
Thank you.
Um, is that another, um, I had a question about Polly Market?
Yes?
Is that another word for polyester?
No.
How can we make money for our overlord Hamtaro from this beautiful, breathable fabric, play my music.
You like it too?
You were dancing for a second there.
I like it.
Too much music.
Okay.
I won't be intimidated by the void or various clowns questioning my existence.
I'm out here for the opinions, whatever they may be.
I'm a simple man who loves words coming from strangers.
Okay.
Yes, uh, you there.
One second.
Um, just trying to make, trying to get this thing out here.
Okay, whatever that'll have to do.
Yes you there.
Hey Tray.
The sun here.
Oh, this is sort of a teletubbiesfit.
It's just my face.
Yeah, I'm the sun.
I'm whatever's most important to you.
Guilty as charged.
Um, I'm a little hurt that you guys keep going to the moon.
Well, you'll burn us up.
Hmm, have you ever, have you ever tried visiting me?
Again, you'll burn us up.
Am I so hideous?
No, it's the burning you'll do.
You all need to, I tend to look away in horror just by looking in my direction.
The eye damage.
Should I get surgery or something?
It's the heat.
It's the burning heat.
I'm very self conscious.
Your collective behavior is just drawing me into self esteem.
Well, hey, we're all made out of you, man.
All of us are just you.
So that's our self esteem too.
And mine is through the roof so you can have a little you can borrow a little bit of that trippy bee swag
You just saved my life
What I was about to go supernova take everybody out
But the kindness you have shown me is saved all of reality
Never doubt yourself trip. Never think that you're actually in a coma. Never think that again
Okay, I wasn't going to what the hell it's around my voice
Um
Okay
Who else?
Yes, you there. I'm telling you Mario guy who copyrighted and videos be a list of five videos
Okay
Why'd you do it you wouldn't believe how easy it was
Luigi check check on this guy Luigi
Luigi
Luigi my husband Luigi just divorced me what he was right here and now he's gone
I've been divorced. Oh
God your husband Luigi. He's not my real brother
So it's fine. I'm not that Mario
I just am a guy named Mario with a with a husband named Luigi you almost said brother
And he divorced he's just not behind you anymore. Maybe you walk too fast. You got a little ahead of him
That's how it starts. We're divorced now
Anyway, go check out my space movie or else. Sorry, do you mean my space movie or a my space movie?
Who else we got a couple more of these coming through
I'm gonna be I made no progress at all. That's what we started at
Dang it. Okay. Yes, you there a trip. I got lost
On my two AI Rudy what?
But I thought you might help me. Have you noticed that the broccoli?
Fuck hey
Have you noticed that the broccoli haircut has some has become the new the new
What don't do that to my what have you noticed the broccoli haircut has become the new
for those
What are you trying?
Clarify
You can't walk off to me with that energy and say that
Yet but during their Joe Joe rabbit face. What was the first point?
Like they have socked off at a cast of getting the RNC you know what I'm saying? I don't because I don't know you're saying it
I don't think I'm from a knock you was douche cut the uniform of the bro. That's wild. That's wild, right?
Anyway, fuck the broccoli choose carrot top. I think I made my point. Bye. Bye. I think he was making a point
I just don't know what it was. All right
Yes, you there. What do you got for me?
I saw the new Mario movie
Neutralized me. Neutralized you like men in black, you know
Are you a robot as well?
No, I remember any significant events in my life and don't recognize my wife and kids
Do you like the Mario movie? Well, I watched it through the hole that had been blown into the side of a
Nearly derelict theater the first one that is I don't go into rooms weird. I
Thought it was okay
And then I did the same thing for the most recent one also the theater is still in operation
Surprisingly resilient theater and watch it through a hole in the wall of the theater
And I did think it was worse. I thought it was a worse one
Can I remember the names of my wife and kids?
I think so I think so I think we're fine. Don't worry
We can remember them right yeah piano robot. I think I'm fine. Okay, great great. We're good
Okay
Let's see who's up next
Who's out for me? I'm trippy b. Yes you there. I'm
play me
Play me my music. I'm the president play you there it is
Yes, but this isn't it
Now it's supposed to be the here comes the money thing
Like when I was in wrestling
Oh, it's Trump, but not sounding as much like himself. I'm assuming
Anyway, I'm here to ask are you with a big are you fake news? You fake news journalist? I don't even care
I don't even care. I get tired of hearing it myself at this point
I'm like, I'm gonna say this and then I do
Fake news or whatever play the hits
Play the hits fake news. Yeah, whoa
What the news is
They're really assaulting me today. They're trying to do a number on my
Grip on reality here, but they won't get me
Still as rock solid as everyone ever. Okay. Yes, you there. All right. All right. Come on
Peek-a-peek-a Peek-a-choo Peek-a-peek-a fuck you trip. Ah
Fuck you trip
Yes, whoa, what Kendall's calling one second everyone
Kendall you're on the stream
I'll be home in like
An hour. Oh my god
I'll make it happen
Okay, sounds good
No problem. Bye-bye. She knew it was me trippy bee. Why is this out?
Why is this out here?
It's supposed to be an accompanying creature a thing a person place or thing for me to discuss this with and somehow it got all mixed up
Good day trip. I saw you sleeping in the bushes last night. I found your bush. I found where you sleep
Did you know you sleep with your mouth open?
Anyone could just put a bug in there. You could be eating caterpillars in your sleep. That's the wind talking to me by the way
That's right. I can also talk to the wind
And I did know that the wind and maybe it's cuz you're always blowing into my mouth
Me and the wind are old pals. We make little jokes and japs like that
Okay
Let's see who else is out here for me. Oh, right
Yes, you there
I'm trippy bee. Oh, hey, it's me
Trip bad steam hi, you were stuck by lightning
You're struck by lightning almost four years ago and I split off you like a gremlin because I'm bad
Is this your bad music? This is my bad boy music. It's kind of like a summer Bob summer jam. Yeah bad stuff
Anyway, until we merge back together, you can't get out of your coma trip
Merge with me or your mind is in all I and not getting convinced by this
Just cuz you're a guy that looks like me wearing sunglasses. You think I'm in a coma
Everybody thinks you're in one
Get the fuck out of here
Boom turn this bullshit music off. Look he disappeared solid as ever
And invincible and I can never die
All right, you know what this is broken cuz we're out of claims. We did it. We actually got through them
I didn't realize this case broke this when he made it when he made the fucking
Court thing would I know about this court thing if I wasn't if I was a guy in a coma
You think that's the kind of thing a coma addled brain would make up
Not a chance never ever have I ever ever been in a coma?
In fact, I'll be right here on these streets taking all of your hot opinions for eternity
Never aging for a second and nothing ever changing because I'm real goddamn it. It's time for
a
And
Therapy there we go therapy time everyone. Yeah, it's me it's case
Just waiting for this bagel to get here. Don't worry the bagel will be here
But I just I like to come in and check in with the therapist let them know a little bit about you know
The employee that they're gonna be dealing with today. That's why it's definitely not cuz I've never remembered to fix this segment that I'm here
Hmm
Okay, uh, God damn it one second everyone there it is. Okay, uh
Dr. Chath you look like you're
All set up today, right? No
No, maybe not not set up at all
Damn it one second everyone. Dr. Chath is
Doing a struggle session session as we speak. He's also in the void. It would seem
Back in the void with Dr. Chath. What can you do? Oh my god?
It's been a minute
It's been it's been a minute for me and the good doctor. He's
Doctor please
You know, he might sound a little different today
What I'm realizing is the doctor might have no choice
But to sound a little different today
What can you do a doctor? Are you working now?
Don't shave again Kendall might leave you
Okay, the doctor is just in a different mood than usual
Doctor doctor, please. All right. Where's this fucking bagel? He's supposed to be here already. Yeah, we'll have to that'll have to do
He's got a different vibe than usual
Okay, this is second this bagels on the way I think he's almost here bagel
Please
Okay, I'm here
It's your favorite guy favorite new guy I'm everything bagel. What's your deal?
BT dubs we no longer validate parking. Okay. I didn't park. I am everything
My whole gimmick so purple monkey dishwasher
I'm that too. Yeah, pissing anchor syndrome. Yes all syndromes everything bagel
Do you really hate everything and love everything?
And I just within that everything is sub note of those statements. It's pretty cool
It's pretty cool. If you think about it, I only dance for money. So make it rain big boy. Oh, I do do that too
But also I'm in therapy right now. So
Later I'm a snacky and a slippery snake
Help him not really a snake. Maybe you are snake. Maybe all of us are whenever we dream of
Maybe we're all our dreams
Space Jam DVD
No, it was her. Yeah. Yeah, also also know everything
How does that make you feel?
Yeah, I should feel everything but I feel bad all the time instead of everything. I do feel bad
Will you be a part of Kendall's dinner?
I'm maybe
Maybe I will be oh
Man, oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh the feelings. Oh
No, no, no, no my feelings are coming out
You're good. You're good
Sometimes I don't feel like everything
Sometimes I really do feel like nothing and I understand those are two sides of the same coin, but you know what I mean
I
Think I pooped my pants focus up. I would we were getting somewhere
Kendall is so hungry. You must feed your Kendall or she will gremlin like Josh Gady
Gady, I don't think that's how you say that
Sometimes you just have to that's true. That's true. You gotta let it out sometimes
It's that's a really good point. Maybe I can be everything
Maybe everything is part of is maybe feeling things is part of everything
How do you fill the void?
Cream cheese do you often forget to order dinner for the ones you care about I am dinner. I think I pooped your pants
Yes, I was wondering how that got there
So thank you for fessing up. Will you tickle my pickle? No
You know, I don't think you're a bagel you're more like a bun and everything bun
What I have a mouth hole. I'm a bagel. I have eyes cuz I'm everything but
I'm literally a bagel. I'm surrounded by bagels. I mean I'm very clearly bagel a silent treatment
How does that make you feel bad talk fill up the space?
Polo Camparo has delicious chicken and yucca fries
Polo Camparo the most succulent suck suck succulent slouched chalice
succulent chicken yum
Good point what random band should they put into the next big robot anime some 41
Do you want to see me do my cool dance moves again? Yes begin the movement begin moving
Move to my song
Show me what you've got
Not like the Rick and Morty's just dance
Come on
Do it. I was told you could dance, please. I need to see it. There's gotta be a way
There's gotta be a way
Are you really not gonna do you not know how did you forget?
Um
What the fuck oh
I'm up. You're too far down
Come up and show us. Well, what the fuck? Oh my what the hell? Wow
Me today. Oh my music stop
The Artemis to commander named part of the moon after his wife
What have you done for Kendall lately?
I'm a big ol so I'm a little jack shit. I'm a big ol
Doctor doctor. Give me the news
What your doctor what?
What I feel naked with locks and cowers
What would you say is an appropriate level of piss obsession?
Da nun do you mind on this stream is bad is hate sock in there?
No
What are you favorite coverings Nova whitefish sable? How fishy did you like it creamy bread man?
Covering in fish
Give me a very fishy spread
The more fish spread the better I can never have too much fish spread
Make it more fish
I'm back. Get out of your case
More fish bread
If you are
Everything can you be the batwoman movie so we can watch it?
Yes
Prison calling and see Nain's use all in the call men save one prison calling Nancy Nain's use all right
Who is they say im see us men up the same old what men in the colobus die?
Tritiac is a mind-bake in the Colbebi stay you push your oh who is the same
See us men fuck the same in the colobus die not is the same like you
They promised in Luna in trouble love guy see you again in do come oh not
Kiosk no buy for love so opop. Geast come low we come low by
Are you also flatbread could I get the recipe for you? Oh, I'm big oh
Yeah, your heart out Michael Jordan my dream is yours has bugs bunny and Doris day doing a duet
Oh, cuz they're spaced okay. It took me. I honestly didn't really get it breakthrough. Thank you. Okay. Well, that's I'll do it then
look
Save the rest of the therapy for someone who really needs it
Who isn't a very well-balanced bagel a bagel balanced on the point of everything?
Okay, I'm being told I have to send it back to the main room so we can talk to the moon
I
Told I can talk to the moon here. I feel like this stream has been a little stressful
Honestly, Jake, are you sure you want to be here to talk to the moon? I like the moon
Are are you the moon? Am I I don't know I don't think I don't think you're the moon
I'm pretty sure that whoever asked for this wants the actual moon
Which I
Think we can do okay. What's attempt to do it at least Jake?
Okay
Great
Then we'll get out of here. We'll we'll do Brendan on Wednesday
Also trying to rework segment requests so that
Brendan doesn't show up until we've done the latest Brendan requests, but
We'll see we might have a bit of a Brendan backlog. I don't know what you're talking about. That's fair
That's very fair. Okay. Let's see
What the moon has for us?
moon time
Hopefully it worked hello, um, oh
It's me. It's the moon
Great news everybody the moon is back in the moon is back again
and um anybody who wants to hear from me
Just look up. I'm literally everywhere looking bigger brighter
better than ever
More like the moon than ever is what everyone ever is saying ever about the moon
Good night moon. Hello. I swear to god moon. If you have broken the stream again
I'll be very annoyed. That's just petrified banana man
Uh, if anybody has any questions for the moon, I I've never I don't
Always talked I kind of forgot what the moon is like. So I don't I didn't prepare any questions
um, are
You made out of cheese
That's a what a nasty question. What a nasty question. Who are you with who are
I just I that's a thing I've heard a thing I've heard
Really really no no obviously not
We need to stop
What a ridiculous you're an ugly but you're an ugly. You're not very smart. You're an ugly person
You should be thrown you should be thrown out of a window
You should get smashed. You should get smashed like a loony tune
But not but with human physics. You should get smashed like a loony tune
But with human physics, that's how we should treat you and you're lucky you live on a planet
Or you don't get you don't get smashed in but with unrealistic blood splatter
After falling after getting in a loony to
Um, is your dark side bimbo fide? That's a great question. That's a great question
I look I don't have control over the dark side of my moon and it's fine that I have it
I mean a lot of people said don't you're not you shouldn't you should probably not have that because of some of the things
You said in the past some of the
You know tenants writes you ignored for the people on the dark side of the moon
Maybe it's in bad taste for you to have a dark side
Uh given some of the statements you've made but uh, you don't get to pick which side of the moon you paint black
You know
I thought you paint black
Yeah, I mean, I wore whatever you do with your ass
Whatever color everyone's painting there is
It's not
You should be a look at last time I checked nobody cares about this or still talking about the dark side of the moon
Really with everything going on with these little guys headed towards me that aren't supposed to be on me
They're coming here. I've been told they might not they might land they might not land
More thing is that we're talking about the moon. Okay, let's keep it fun
Um, well, okay without a mind is the moon in the epsin file in the epsin files
Obviously everybody who matters
Lot up everybody new
Look, everybody knows the moon everybody knows jevree upstain
If you're the sir if you're a surface
And and you get stepped on by teenage girls. That's normal
I'm a surface the pictures of me getting stepped on by teenage girls
That's just
That's what happens when you're an object
And I am and honestly I'm more of an object than anyone
Um, some people say I'm the object
Literally everybody and they look up next evening. They want an object. Wow. What bright
Like classy creators
Well appointed greatest people are loving against some of the biggest creators. I don't really like this
I don't like this at all
I'm still kind of curious. I like the moon
Um, I just maybe this is enough. Maybe that's enough for the day
of the moon and
This whole thing
I have I feel like I feel like I can ask another question or two
Jake he's got he's he's being rude to you jay. You don't have to put up with this
I mean, it's an honor to get to talk to the moon
I feel like I should respect the moon
I don't know meet the moon on its own terms
That's that kind of thinking that gets you in trouble jake you
You don't have to respect the moon just because it's the moon, you know, there's plenty of moons out there
I don't know. I guess in a cosmic sense
Um, hey moon, how do you spell moon? This isn't my question
Is it mo on or is it m u n e u n e?
See, this is a good question. This is the type of
What a smart question. Look the way spell moon
is b
I
l
l
p
u
l
m a n
Not a lot of people know this. That's the way you spell
ill pulmon
Uh, yeah, I guess
I guess so
The sun was a pheromone cool as a pheromone cooler. All right look
I read it on the side of that. Oh the
The sun plus three or whatever that might be
The radical sun
Always with sunglasses and it's out when people are surfing all great. The radical sun is here and it's cool
It's and it's giving you capri suns. Well, what does the moon give you the moon literally gives you sex?
Nobody likes to fuck in the hot heat under a bright sun
You like to fuck under a nice cool moon at night in a dark dark room really dark so dark
Nobody can see nobody can see the things you're doing. What is the sun?
There shows you everything
Nobody's fucking with the sun
Everybody's fucking with the moon and nobody wants to talk about it. How come nobody wants to talk about sex
Fucking with the moon
I think that's enough for the day. Thank you for being
here jake
Um, are you
where the
Did the dish run away with this spoon to you?
What?
uh, the um the
The spoon in the dish you guys know what i'm you know
I think you might be confused on your children's stories
I got it. Look. I got a lot of I got a lot of digital old spoons. I got a lot of x y's up here
I got a lot of people there anyway
A lot of a lot of people up here that are hiding
Lot of regrets
It's beautiful. You're divided me. No, I don't really know
Let me say this. I don't really know
I don't really know but it's great. It's beautiful. We love it
And honestly everything's okay. I don't know what anyone is talking about anymore, but uh, but I get yeah, okay the mooner
Okay, the moon everybody
That's your happy about it. Talk to me that you're happy about it
What a day
What a day for things to happen on this stream
There's still a ghost moon
No
Stop it get it out of here
I was rude to the moon. You were a little you put it in a bad mood with your energy
I'm sorry jake. I know that talking to the moon is important to you. I think I did a good job
It only hated it half your questions
And the moon's a little all over the place, so
And now we play
Bubsy too
Uh, no, we're not playing bubsi. We're gonna have to end the stream here
Oh, I wanted to watch brandon play bubsi too. I don't think bubsi too has been requested
darn
Why not
Is bubsi too even a game where there are two bubsis?
You're kidding, right? I just i'm not sure if there were okay. I have offended jake. Uh, let's raid
Um, let's raid
Is
Still do
There's a bubsi four
That's a lot of bubsis. Well, does it does it say for though? Is it bubsi 3d?
Is there a bubsi 3d? How would you not know this don't reference it if you don't know it case
Um, is the moon on the moon was on we talked to the moon. Don't worry
Guys, thanks for hanging out
That's about all of the uh
Of the moon chat the trump chat I can handle we'll we'll give the moon and trump a break for a couple streams
But uh, at least I know I know how all of that technology works again the technology to talk to the moon and the president that is
Say hi to uh
Still do for us. It's just a case raid a good old case raid. I'll be back. I think I'll actually be back on wednesday
I've set the wolves
With what stuff that wasn't the real moon
Pepito, can you get it together?
I'm pito. What the fuck. All right. That's it. We're getting out of here
Everything is too fucked up on this stream today
What's the matter?
What's the problem?
Now
Never satisfied. Pepino. Are you all right? Yeah, I'm fine. What?
Okay, that's it. That's it. Say hi to still do for me. Everybody have a great rest of your monday. We'll see you on wednesday. Bye. Bye. Bye
Come on. Sometimes I'm the face of the president. I got the voice of a robot. That's fine
Everybody's stopping is a
Everybody's stopping is such a big deal out of the case. Stop being such a
I'm angry. I'm sorry about it. It's unsettling. Pepino. Fuck you man. Nobody gives a shit
What?