I'm Papita, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Ben is early today, what the hell?
Not cases brother said hot dog.
It was another swell Rooney segment last stream.
Jill and I caught the replay on YouTube.
I wonder if they could put that kind of intelligence in some kind of automatic pen.
We're live in 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1.
Let's news it!
I'm Papito!
Oh wow.
We're already off to a start.
Battle Arena Toshinden but I don't have my generation 1 PlayStation.
Yeah, the news arena Toshinden.
Good to see everybody.
MSG Steve thanks for the raid, not cases brother Greg T, UKLD live and sleazy exterminator.
Unfortunately it's casual Friday guys and it's for a very simple reason.
I have to at some point apply this Matlidel tattoo which I can't do over the...
I just can't do it in the usual get up.
So now I have to look casual and cool.
It also means I'm going to have to show off the guns a little bit because I...
Once I take my whole shirt off I think it has to go in my arm.
Yeah it kind of looks a little nude doesn't it?
Hey everybody welcome.
I have 20...
Okay I guess we'll just do it right now then.
I guess we'll just start with it.
Um...
Let's get some music to tattoo too.
We'll put in tattoo music.
We'll just see if we get any non copyrighted Russian bands.
No that's probably a bad choice.
Tattoo parlor music.
Nope okay we're just going to go with lo-fi beats.
You legit thought there was no undershirt?
Maybe that's the way I pull in viewers with very specific interests.
These are beats to tattoo too guys.
Hep C music?
That's probably most of the beats that we use for the hype train to be fair.
Okay so from what I understand
and you can correct me if I'm wrong chat.
I gotta get a wet cloth.
I gotta get a rag.
The sickest rag I can find.
Then I peel the thing off.
Then I slap it on here.
And then I press the wet rag against it for like a while.
Um how many do I have?
We can fuck up because they came in packs of ten.
New giveaway unlocked.
Everybody could get their own mat tat if they really want.
Kendall's not around so I can't make her do it.
It's fucking huge.
It's bigger than I was expecting to.
Maybe I was being too optimistic about the size of my arms.
It's gonna wrap around a little bit.
What can you do?
Okay wait.
Let's get this lovely towel wet that has a fun fish on it.
Let's get this fish towel wet real quick.
And then we'll do it.
Fully nude streaming.
See this is clearly a shirt.
Don't be confused by the fact that essentially matches
the hue of my slightly red skin.
Okay here we go guys.
It's important that I don't fuck this up.
I only get ten chances at this which I don't know
if it's enough.
All right the protective film is off.
Uh this is way too fucking huge.
Okay.
Then we jammed this on it.
It's really not on there very well.
I already kind of feel like I'm doing it wrong.
Get on there.
Maybe if my body produces enough.
Okay this feels good.
Put it on the bigger meat part.
This is the meatiest part of my arm.
This is the maximum meat I've got.
Wrap the towel around it and tighten.
Okay.
Ugh.
Now I'm worried this towel's not wet enough.
I mean I wanted it to be comically big
but I guess I should have considered the size
of my actual body.
I might need a spray bottle.
Fuck.
Should I just get this thing wetter
and then slap it on here again?
This is such odd music to be doing this to.
Yeah you're telling me MSG.
Get more water.
Damn it.
But I'm in a room full of electronics.
Thing is wet.
It's definitely wet now.
Yeah there's a couple more promises to make
or to keep.
Many more to make.
Only five or six that are currently floating in the air.
I got mat soaked yes.
Look I can't deny that this is obviously extremely sexy
what's happening on this stream today.
You just have to lean into it.
I've trained Piss Tattoo could be the next one.
Actually this was cheaper than I thought.
It was like $7 all in for this mat tat.
Kinda thought it'd be more.
The tattoo price is very reasonable.
I mean would I have ever spent that money
just naturally of my own volition?
Of course.
Damn I'm pissing my pants right now guys.
It's gonna, if I go outside right now
I'm gonna look like an idiot.
I'm covered in piss
in stuff that looks like this.
My pants are wet is my point.
And a face that I can't do it on my face.
I guess I could scrub it off my face
after the stream but I still have to
occasionally be on video calls guys.
Not that I ever leave my house
but I gotta be on video calls.
For work.
Well 100 Bart Simpson tattoos
could be a pretty good event stream.
I've heard that event streams are good to do.
And 100 Bart Simpson tattoos
could be a pretty epic event stream.
And then I'll just be covered in Bart Simpson.
Okay I mean you know what you're talking me into it.
That could be the,
that could be what happens during the cook.
It'll take a while though cause
this doesn't feel like it's gonna work honestly.
Maybe I'd have to put some on my face at that point.
Is this, it says 30 to 60 seconds online
and it's been longer than that.
Should I just keep it on here longer just to be safe?
That's a really good point Matt.
With this face on my arm,
if I don't like my face I'll say don't worry
I got a backup.
It seems much too short.
This thing is dripping all over me.
Matt you're dripping all over me.
I'm just sitting here in a puddle
of my Matt tattoo wetness.
Shave my chest.
You know I used to do that.
I shaved once for something
and then I kept shaving cause it kept growing back
and it was like itchy.
I was like fuck it I'll just keep shaving it.
So for about three years I just had a shaved chest.
Maybe, maybe one year.
Actually probably more like one.
But anyway it sucked.
Wouldn't recommend.
Don't shave your chest if you can avoid it.
Unless you love it.
Yeah this is a spell.
This is honestly, this is just a self improvement stream.
Okay.
Okay.
I feel like this has to be enough right?
It's pretty wet.
Is it that wet?
How wet does it have to be?
If I need to do one more round of getting this thing soaked
and slapping it on here.
I guess I could just do the other arm if this fails.
They take 24 hours to apply.
No.
All right I think I'm gonna just see.
Could this be my impatience working against me?
Oh god what the fuck?
Oh good news everybody.
Good news everyone.
Sometimes when a plan comes together
that's, I did not do a good angle.
I would give the angle I gave this zero stars.
But for now we're tatted up.
Now I can do the Hogan Flex.
I guess I was gonna do the Hogan Flex
I should have put it here.
I can make meh, I can't really make meh dance.
I don't have the muscle control for it.
It worked out.
Okay I guess I have to stay like this for a while.
I do have nine more.
So I guess at any point a meh tattoo
can become a punishment for whatever activity I'm doing.
Or a reward.
It's multi-purpose.
Okay wait I have to put this wet ass towel somewhere.
It's normally an ass towel.
Right now it's wet.
And just like that.
We've matte tattooed.
Oh yeah just for the record I did apply this
to all of the other,
all the other correspondents were off-camera doing it.
That's correct.
You can see I'm much huger than case
and my matte tattoo looks even better.
So just so you know this is how I should always look
by the way.
Except I shouldn't be wearing this undershirt.
It's nice that it makes me look shirtless
but I could be fully shirtless
and just blowing everyone's mind.
We look like we're in extremely similar shape, Chet.
It's not an accurate size comparison
because I'm not sitting next to case.
Just so everyone knows.
Okay well anyway everybody's got it.
Everybody's got this tattoo.
Before and after.
After months of being hot you can become me.
What?
How would that work?
You just gotta be hotter and then you'll become me.
Yeah it's kind of, which I can say
I'm not in my lab right now
or I would have hit the button that sends it to me.
Yeah you got tank top black well.
And I just got my first tattoo ever.
You think I can, no Kendall knows I got these.
I can't trick her into thinking
I got my first real tattoo.
But now that I've got one,
now that I know how good it looks,
maybe I joined Kendall on the tattoo side of things.
I still can't think of a single tattoo
that I'd want on my body permanently.
No imagination.
You don't have tattoos.
Why should I?
Yeah but that's cause I,
well I do have this matte tattoo currently.
Should I just get this stenciled over permanently?
Time for some relink.
I'm not even, I would be fine now that I'm like older.
Who am I saving this body for at this point?
There was a tattoo I liked I would get it
but I, I've never come across one of them like,
I want that on me till I'm dead.
Bart Simpson, Bart Simpson pissing?
Stem thing.
Shave my chest and put on another one?
No, that would be a,
we'll do a more substantial sub goal
if I'm ever gonna do that.
I'm kind of like this idea of 100 temporary
Bart Simpson tattoos and then I claim
it's some kind of record.
I don't know why anyone would watch me do that
but I'm tempted to do it anyway.
I can't even cut to Pepito right now.
Pepito's, Pepito's running around the studio
working on things.
We can't see Pepito right now everyone, I'm sorry.
Tramp stamps out there?
I'm 50 plus year old women.
Good for them.
I like to imagine they got it in their 50s.
And you know that's true for at least some of them.
100 split out Bart Simpson tattoos?
What should the Bart tattoo be pissing on?
Well, there's limited space on the human body
so it might have to be another Bart
because I need a hundred Barts.
At this point I feel like this has to happen.
A full Bart Simpson 100 tattoo Bart Simpson stream.
Vote now.
How many Bart Simpson temporary tattoos can I get?
How expensive are they?
Actually now that I know,
I could technically order 100 custom Bart Simpson tattoos.
You can get 10 packs.
Oh wait, no.
These aren't all Bart.
This might actually be harder than you'd think
based on this pricing.
To come across the amount of Bart Simpson tattoos
I would need.
He should be pissing on Matt's head.
If only we had one currently.
I'm pissing on more piss, isn't that most piss?
I'd also like to point out that when I Google this,
someone has this tattoo.
And I was just talking about how I don't know what tattoo
I would get on my body,
but I gotta say this one's pretty good.
What, is that a body?
What's even happening there?
Matt, thank you for providing your face
for this beautiful tattoo.
If anything, I'm sad that I didn't put it here.
Cause now I'm too low in the frame.
And this feels like I'm trying to show off
the guns all the time.
I wish it was in a place where I could more casually
have this Matt tattoo.
I should have gotten a smaller one.
Unlike my palm.
Put it on my other arm.
I mean, I have 10 more, but I got so,
I just got so wet applying that first Matt tattoo.
I'm finally drying off slowly.
Okay.
Well, what can we do?
No choice but to do the news, I guess.
Even though I don't,
I feel like I'm not in the right news attire.
Bart Simpson and Calvin and Kev from Calvin and Hobbes
pissing with it saying, don't cross the streams.
That's a good idea.
Oh fuck.
That's a good idea.
You know what I could do?
I could put out the challenge for all of you
to design Bart Simpson tattoos.
If we ever hit a hundred, I order them all.
A hundred Bart tattoo stream.
Cover the arms, full sleeve of Bart Simpson tattoos.
Would I have anything to do?
How long would it take for those to come off?
It's the only question.
Because if I had any plans,
it could negatively affect them.
I'll put it that way.
Having the full sleeve of chat design
Bart Simpson tattoos on both arms
and probably at some point on my back
if I run out of space.
I will say Kendall would probably
enjoy helping me with that stream.
Tattoo the fish tie permanently.
That would save me having to put on a fish tie
three times a week.
Yeah, we already have to do the cooking stream.
We'll do that next week.
You know what?
Fine.
100 Bart's.
The goal though is 200 subs.
So we'll give ourselves some time.
And in the interim,
I'll just figure out how to make it happen.
100 Bart's.
The 100 Bart's stream.
It'll have to be outside
because I don't want to have it all in here.
You're taking a digital media arts class this spring.
You can bring up all the great art
you see in digital media
like the sleeveless shirt guy
putting on 100 Bart tattoos.
Femboy Friday?
What does that mean though?
We just talk about Femboys.
I get even more femmed out.
I guess it's, it's a literation.
So, you know, obviously I'm somewhat interested.
What is with twitching made outfits?
Hasan puts on one made outfit
and it follows him around for years.
Like it's some kind of stunt.
It's just a made outfit.
I could put one on.
But then I have to buy a made outfit.
The problem with buying outfits
for me at, for me at this point
is that I then have to store the outfits
forever.
Then I just have a made outfit all the time.
I have so many costume pieces
that I will never put on again
but I can't bring myself to get to give up on.
You always true, you're the gay furry.
That's a good point.
But that's a made thing.
I was not related to being furry, a furry.
I guess I could see how it could be.
Vin diagrammed.
They'll do it after the 100 Barts.
I gotta do one of these at a time.
I'm sorry, Reverie Wolf.
I'm not against it though, conceptually.
Maybe a made cafe stream,
but I'm the only made
and we see how the business goes.
That sounds better as one of those YouTube videos
I've been taking a million years to make.
Dress as a Fenboy and do a deep dive
on the internet of all things Fenboy.
I feel like I would need to commit
to being, to knowing more about Fenboy culture.
Which as I say that out loud,
I'm assuming that's a thing,
but I don't even know.
And that's the problem.
I don't wanna be stealing Valor.
I need a costume trunk.
I just need room.
There's no room in this huge studio.
Because I gotta keep this set immaculate.
You might have noticed it hasn't changed
at all since that one time.
An entire bin special, that's a special report
on what it truly means to be a Fenboy.
What if I discover things about myself?
I'm not ready to know.
It would be fun to have a scary looking trunk
filled with horrific costumes.
I actually still have the
Wood Guy Pilot.
What's his face?
Middle-aged monster Wood Guy Pilot.
Splinter, there we go.
I still have a big chunk of wood
in a closet somewhere.
Somewhere out there in LA.
He wrote a paper on ethics of live streaming
and featured this channel.
The ethics.
I'm afraid to ask on what side
of the ethics I'm falling on.
You could argue I'm an ethical streamer
just because I don't do it eight hours a day.
That's my only argument for ethics here.
Three!
I'm just gonna get a nap for sure,
profit-gaddle.
I'm a Jan 300 shiny, tasty coins
and I've been dying to say this.
Yes, Mr. President.
That Bart Simpson is a bad influence on case.
First one tattoo, now 100
and now a made outfit.
Very caramba.
Oh, God, he's already got it.
He's gotten a Biden too.
He doesn't even realize it yet.
A drag stream could be fun.
Yeah?
I mean, it's just,
there's such a limited space.
I guess I just feel like drag is the type of thing
that if you're gonna do it,
you gotta do it big.
I guess I could just walk around this area.
This is the maximum area.
It turns out actually currently.
Or I could go outside
and just strut around in the yard.
Drag feels more like a social thing.
Like you gotta do it with other people.
I mean, no, that's not true.
You can do it by yourself.
More power too if you're doing it by yourself.
But in my conception of doing it for entertainment,
a drag workout.
Yeah.
Despite what I'm currently wearing
and tattooing one of my viewers faces on my arm,
I'm trying to avoid just doing straight fetish content.
Guys and gals.
Not that drag itself is a fetish,
but I just mean by the time it's me
doing it working out in my front yard.
It's starting to feel like who's this for?
It's too late.
I may be at AI Rooney made it too late already.
Who keeps breaking?
I would like to point out.
I guess if I had friends coming over to do.
Also the other thing is like drag is sort of an art.
I'm always a little reluctant to just storm
into another art form that I have zero experience in.
Which I do think is the case.
Like if I had a drag performer friend
who wanted to be like walk me through it,
I'd be more likely to.
But just like going into business for myself.
What the fuck do I know?
Anyway, AI Rooney keeps breaking.
And then I go in to test it and it breaks even more.
He's been fixed again, but I'm shocked
that despite me not really doing anything to it,
it keeps getting worse.
By breaking I mean it doesn't mean,
I don't mean it's talking about piss too much.
Obviously that's intentional,
but it just keeps stopping.
It's basic functions.
Add more spin city info.
It's more of a roulette system.
I guess I could add more spins
into the spin city aspect of this roulette.
The long-term goal for Rooney though is
ridiculously big roulette.
Well we'll find out more how he's working today I guess.
By that I mean of course AI Rooney's own proprietary.
AI software obviously all of his ideas
are uniquely his own stolen ideas.
That's all I'm saying what's in the training data.
I need to add more spin city to it obviously.
Yeah it's definitely sentient at this point.
I'm willing to say that actually it's very dangerous.
AI Rooney's actually becoming,
how good he's getting is it's getting dangerous.
And I don't think men over 60 doing,
yelling about nipple milk and spin city,
they're gonna be out of a job probably
in the next three to five years
because of how good AI Rooney is as you can see.
The stream is extremely matte casual.
It does, I do feel a little,
I'm looking a little more nude than I'd like.
I should have probably gone with a non-skin toned undershirt.
It's also just funny to me that Matt's just sort of peeking
around the corner all the time.
Oh who's that?
Shoshinjo?
Battle Arena Toshinden's own which we're gonna play later?
I guess I have to play as Shoshinjo.
Okay anyway.
Oh it's also Friday.
I'm gonna turn on this segment
in case there's any takers.
That wasn't intentional.
Ignore this intro, it's not happening.
Stop it.
How could it, how could DJC4 try to throw to himself?
Stop the music.
We were just trying to do the,
oh I forgot I changed it.
There we go.
Maybe we'll just do this rune-some-news a game
and if there is one at DJC4 because I started early today
because I have to leave at some point.
Slightly earlier than usual.
So I should probably stop just sitting here.
But it is casual Friday with the Matt tattoo.
I just, I can't bring myself to rush myself.
But anyway, I guess let's get into the news.
We're just gonna do some chat news today.
We'll see what chats shared with whoever.
It's news time.
Case, what the fuck, you changed?
How could you do this to me?
I was told to put on a Matt tattoo,
do casual ripple.
Check it out.
I got a Jeff Ripple tattoo actually, it turns out.
Guys, it turns out I actually got a Jeff Ripple tattoo.
Who would have thought that's how that works?
But it turns out I couldn't bring myself
to get anything other than a Jeff Ripple tattoo.
Wow, what, you couldn't, I said to get a Matt tattoo.
What do you mean?
It's close.
It's a Jeff Ripple inspired Matt tattoo.
It's, the question was what if Jeff Ripple
and Matt had a baby?
And the answer is they look great.
They look like this.
Can you hold that up to the camera, Jeff?
Don't have to ask me twice.
Show off the guns.
Oh, no, no, it's, sorry,
you're seeing it from the wrong angle.
Damn it.
Just a second.
Don't look at this.
Don't look at this.
There we go.
Sorry, in the wrong light,
this tattoo just doesn't look great.
Yeah, this is Matt Ripple.
I had really realistic eyes put in.
That was the main thing.
That was my main request.
Anyway, my point is I do think my own way case.
I'm a maverick, I'm a newsman.
I'm Jeff Ripple.
Thanks for getting a tattoo at all, actually.
I appreciate that.
Wow, being nice, I guess.
Yeah, we're super cash today.
It's sort of a sex stream, I think today.
No, it's extremely sexual.
That's probably more streams than I'd like to admit,
but I was thinking we just do the news anyway.
You can't deliver the news in a sleeveless shirt.
We're not some street corner newsman hustling our facts.
I think we are that.
I'm upset.
Is the president upset?
Let's find out,
because if you're doing the news,
you do have to start with him, it turns out.
So they want to make a deal, but I don't I'm not satisfied with it.
So we'll see what happens.
Unsatisfied wants to make a deal
because they have no military left, essentially.
And they want to make a deal, but I'm not satisfied.
They've made strides, but I'm not sure if they ever get there.
This sort of feels.
It sort of it sort of feels like a Tim and Eric montage.
The way they're just cutting to different angles.
It's almost like a dating profile.
I've made strides, but, you know, I'm still looking for someone
and then you just cut to a different angle.
There's tremendous discord.
There's tremendous.
They have a tremendous problem getting along with each other in Iran.
The leadership is very disjointed.
No, what's that like?
Three groups, maybe four.
And it's a very disjointed leadership.
And with that being said,
they all want to make a deal, but they're all messed up.
You have a dead calm commander coming here yesterday.
But these people on a different
is all those people in the background.
How would it look?
Look at this guy.
Man, this guy.
Why is he so stiff?
Someone check on this man's hips.
We need to get the secret service there on yoga instructor.
This guy is holding way too much tension in his core.
You can just tell.
Because he's I'm sure he's in shape, but he's in pure thumb,
secret service shape.
Anyway, not to comment on other people's bodies.
Do we want to go and just blast the hell out of them
and finish him forever?
Or do we want to try and make a deal?
Let me go to the options.
Do you want to go blast the hell out of them?
I prefer not.
On a human basis, I prefer not.
But that's the option.
I shouldn't have even clicked on it.
What do you mean?
It's important news of the things he's saying in the yard to the.
Fan base that's lined up for his kissing booth.
What? What? What is what's happening today?
Yeah, what's with this White House event?
He's doing his own casual Friday.
He was going to put on he was going to get a tattoo of his biggest supporters.
That must have been the event today, too.
Donald Trump expert at being human.
He's just he's just out there vibing and living.
That's why he's so relatable and so beloved.
Stop laughing.
What happened to the sleeves?
We got a mat tattoo.
Prayer's up.
It's for it's for the mat tattoo photo shoot I have to do later.
That's not a thing.
I'm not making that a goal either.
I shouldn't have even said it.
Let's see what else is in the news.
The Japanese idol who lets fans smell her armpit after shows.
Is that is it just a headline?
What's the name?
Japan's idol industry's never been shy about fan service.
Hari Matsumoto.
If they're not going to link a video, then I will do the important work of finding this for us.
This isn't a fetish stream.
This is a news stream.
This was a news article.
It's not our fault if it's a little bit horny from Vice, respected news institution Vice.
You know, hey, there was a time when that almost became true.
Okay, well at least there's some, oh, is this a video?
There's some pictures.
There's some pics.
Okay, that looks, I guess I don't know what I was expecting.
That looks like what I, it's people smelling the armpit.
Okay, I guess it's not as, I guess it's not as exciting as I thought.
What do you mean they're up in an armpit?
That's, that's crazy.
Mm-hmm.
In other news, equally, look, all news is equal before the law.
And legally speaking, this is also news.
That was, that was news and now this is also news.
Pasadena, a man was found inside that closed store.
A group of Pokemon card collectors were camping outside the Best Buy all night.
They noticed a large police response and found out a man was still inside the store.
We heard from witnesses who say they believe that man was hiding in the Best Buy before closing
so that he could get to those Pokemon trading cards.
Pokemon 151.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
We're here for the 151.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I was just here for some Pokemon drop, you know, but I went to the rescue.
Not even 15 minutes.
I come back and there's cops everywhere.
That man, the new Sam, was taken into custody.
Just let him have it.
I agree.
My legal opinion is if you try hard enough to do a crime, you should be acquitted.
And that means all white-collar crime, you don't have to be acquitted
because I don't feel like they're trying that hard.
Yeah, they're really not.
They used to try much harder.
But the Pokemon thieves, they're trying so hard that just let him have it.
He came up with the perfect plan, exactly.
When they finally open, I'll drop down from the ceiling
and just land at the front of the line.
What even was the plan?
If you're already in the store, is there not a line to the cards?
Wouldn't there be a line forming outside to the cards?
And everybody would have been there for hours so they'd know who was at the front of it?
No, by the time he's in the store, legally speaking, they have to give him the cards.
So it was the perfect plan.
If only those cops hadn't gotten in his way, he would have gotten away with it, too.
You just watched Roof Man unexpectedly okay.
I would describe the movie the exact same way, Beekrendle.
I was like, oh!
Sure, that's a movie I watched.
I think both the leads do a good job.
But I have not thought about it again since, you know, you brought it up, but...
I don't think about much at all, so that's not really the best critique.
Great point.
Montreal warns vigilante praevers to stop patching potholes.
Sorry, paevers.
Praevers?
What's a praever, Jeff?
I don't know, but these are pavers, actually.
Montreal's potholes have become so out of hand that vigilantes are now taking it into their own filthy vigilante hands.
In recent days, two people have gained notoriety because they have patched dozens of potholes,
but earlier this week, downtown residents...
Oh, sorry.
Earlier this week, downtown residents, Said Teckiot, became an Instagram hit,
but now they can't as the idea?
Mmm...
And they've been warned, basically, to stop.
And you get it, they've been warned.
Are they doing it out of the kindness of their heart, or are they doing it for social media?
Sorry to ask.
Does it matter, Kayce?
What are you doing with your social media profile?
Nothing.
Filling up toilets with eggs?
Hey, that's a long-term project, okay?
That's gonna take months in the...
It's still months into the gestation process.
Okay, look, um...
There's more.
There's more... I hate to break this to everyone. There's way more news.
This is just so much news.
We've gotta hurry.
Praver Rangers? Yeah, they were pravers.
The pravers.
South Africa has withdrawn its AI policy after it was found to be written by AI.
Is this a South African lady telling us about it?
Nope, that's something else.
Let's not learn about that one.
South Africa has decided to withdraw its AI policy because it was written by AI,
Yariata Communications Minister, Salim Elasti,
with drew the draft policy after finding that at least six of its 67 academic citations
were AI-generated hallucinations.
They cited journals and articles that simply did not exist.
I'm shocked. I'm shocked.
Who will watch the Watchmen if the Watchmen is an AI?
Very... well, put, Kay, very interesting thought.
Mm-hmm.
AI policy written by an AI policy discovered by AI.
If it makes everyone feel any better about this,
almost no one would have ever read the policy unless they were in court.
But then I guess it kinda does matter once you're in court.
Somebody would have probably read it, right?
Yes, somebody.
Somebody probably reads all these giant stacks of documents that are now written by AI.
Uh, ooh, it escaped zebra in Armenia.
Was painted... was a painted donkey? No!
I'll be the judge of this chat. See if you can spot what could be a painted donkey versus zebra.
I'm sure that if you're in court, you'll be able to find out that the animal is a wild animal.
This is dangerous. That's a wild animal.
If you're in court, you'll be able to find out that the animal is a wild animal.
I'm sure that if you're in court, you'll be able to find out that the animal is a wild animal.
I wish I knew what this guy was saying.
Zebra in Tehapokhel Bandak, Saka in Zara Manali Atevonskara Zebra Bandakit...
Saka, how are you so sure?
Obviously? Look at its stripes.
You know, any zoo can have a donkey, I mean a zebra.
Apparently, any zoo can have a donkey.
Well, my point is, what are you more interested in seeing?
Just another run of the mill zebra or a donkey with some real style.
I don't know if that donkey's allowed to do that actually.
Can we not have some Erica Kirk style debate right now?
Whoa, what if Drusky dresses as a zebra?
That'd be nuts.
Why is the donkey on the side of the road?
I'm not going to answer that for you.
We need a definite check.
Go get the penis.
Can you go to the penis?
Can you tell a zebra from a donkey based on the penis?
Depends if you're a real fan, I guess.
Did we watch some fake panda video months ago?
Yes, there's also the guy who is just seemingly...
There was the video of the bear that looked like a guy dressed as a bear, but I guess
was a bear?
What?
That's the thing that happened.
There was this video, this weird-ass-looking bear that the people including me were like,
I'm not going to suit, but I guess it's just how those bears look.
So maybe this is just how donkeys look at that particular zoo.
That at least is true.
What they are saying are zebras look like that.
Zonkeys are sterile offspring of a zebra and a donkey.
What if it's not sterile?
I think it is always sterile.
What if we figure out how to make zonkeys their own thing?
And if a donkey and a zebra can have a kid that can then reproduce, aren't they the same?
Aren't they all at the end of the day, zonkeys?
What are you trying to say?
I'm asking for unity in this time of great struggle between the donkeys and the zebras.
America shot its arsenal empty in two wars.
Now it needs Beijing's permission to reload.
Says who?
Yahoo News.
And maybe Beijing, I don't know.
On Wednesday the Trump administration finally let the cat out of the bag that Operation Epic
Fury, America's War on Iran, has burned through $25 billion so far as putting up open AI numbers.
That's crazy.
Man, if our military keeps at this, they're going to lose as much money as open AI.
It loses every quarter.
That sounds like you're diminishing the amount of money that we're losing.
No, I'm saying it's pretty bad in both regards.
But that is just the tip of the iceberg.
The White House has already requested a supplemental budget of $200 billion.
That's more, right?
Yeah, that is, I think, more than open AI is losing currently.
At least every quarter.
The inventory math is brutal.
The Center for Strategic and International Studies, CSIS, finds that in Iran alone,
the United States burned through 45% of its precision strike missiles, stockpile.
How many drones did Iran lose?
Well, I think they'd have to lose like 10,000 times as many to match the amount of budget
that we are losing, losing these missiles.
So probably a lot, but I don't think they care as much.
Soon, we will all be working third shift making munitions.
Hey, that's the...
Did you guys hear about the Palantir letter that dropped?
Maybe we should run through this.
Palantir letter to shareholders?
Was that what it was?
This is a exciting look at our future.
Oh, it's a manifesto.
Palantir manifesto is what I need.
Yeah, it's all about job creation.
Is anybody going to just link to the manifesto also?
Because I don't need anything but the raw Palantir manifesto if we're going to talk
about this.
None of these websites.
All these websites have to just give you little snippets and quotes.
They want you to link to the Palantir manifesto.
You really want to find this Palantir manifesto.
Yeah, it's a bold vision of the future that's going to be enforced upon all of us.
I think it's important that we know what we're going to be forced to do in the
name of Palantir.
Okay, here we go.
Let's get our bowls music going.
This is the starting lineup of our very cool military future.
I do think it deserves the full introduction.
Yeah, there it is.
Okay, Jeff, you can do the honors.
And now for the starting lineup of your 2026 to 2030 stripping of rights by a giant military
corporation.
The Palantir manifesto.
Coming in at number one, Silicon Valley owes a moral debt.
The engineering elite has an affirmative obligation to participate in the defense of
the nation.
Whoa, that's they're coming out of the gate strong.
That's an exciting idea that they're putting forward.
It's, you know, it's mid court game is not the strongest, but it's dunks are sick.
It's a direct attempt to convert the private sector of unelected engineers and
founders into political class with civic authority.
Participating in defense sounds benign, but in practice it means U.S.
dependents on firms whose incentive is expansion of their unhinged ideology.
Wait, this is a breakdown of the manifesto.
Cut the music.
God damn it.
This isn't the manifesto.
What?
Who tricked us?
This is commentary on the manifesto.
Why is it so hard for me to find the original manifesto?
This is crazy.
Nobody's got the raw sauce here.
Everybody's just talking about it.
A new aristocracy?
Yeah, I guess.
I guess.
Where's their fucking manifesto?
You know, this is a failure of their PR that I can't just easily Google their manifesto.
That I'm sure they want us all to read.
Otherwise they wouldn't have put it out.
Oh, it was an ex-manifesto.
So it was posted on Twitter.
I can't believe no one's just linking to the fucking thing.
Top 100 manifestos?
That's a dangerous list because the ideas are so good.
I'm legitimately kind of shocked that I can't find this anywhere.
Did they somehow get it stripped from the internet?
Oh, okay, here it is.
This is from Palantir's Twitter.
All right, now you're clear for the jock jams.
Jeff, I found it.
It was actually super easy to find it from their official Twitter account.
The one place no one would ever think to look.
Silicon Valley owes a moral debt to the country that made its rise possible,
coming in at number one is gratitude, it turns out.
The engineering elite of Silicon Valley has an affirmative obligation to participate
in the defense of the nation.
I've always said put up or shut up, start making some AI weapons already,
or do you even deserve to be the richest humans ever to exist?
Everybody was thinking it.
We must rebel against the tyranny of the apps.
Oh my God, they went there.
Holy shit.
Holy shit.
They fucking went there.
I can't believe they went there, guys.
That's nuts.
Free email is not enough.
Some ideas are too dangerous to be contained in a normal tweet link.
It's this.
Didn't I find it?
I thought I found their manifesto.
The Lyman Slazies got a different link for me.
I think this is the one people were talking about recently.
I found the cliff notes.
I think we're going to stick with the cliff notes, actually,
because it's already like 25 points.
The book is the manifesto.
OK.
I'm not going to read the whole book though on stream,
so we'll go with the tweet.
But I'll read that book later, of course.
The limits of soft power of soaring rhetoric alone
have been exposed.
The ability for free and democratic societies to prevail
requires something more than moral appeal.
It requires hard power.
And hard power in this century will
be built on conveniently the software that we make.
That's very bold of them to predict that the product that they
sell is the future of everything.
And of course, they're right.
The question is not whether AI weapons will be built.
It is who will build them and for what purpose?
Coming in at number five.
It's only number five.
This list is brutal.
It's a competitive arena of ideas, everyone.
Our adversaries will not pause to indulge
the theatrical debates.
Every time I'm using chat GPT or AI Rooney,
I'm just sweating bolts thinking about how China could be doing.
Can you imagine Chinese AI Rooney guys?
That's how important it is that we do this work here.
Because there's no telling the type of fetish content
that Chinese AI Rooney could generate
if we don't do it first.
National service should be a universal duty.
We should, as a society, seriously consider moving away
from an all-volunteer force and only fight the next war
if everyone shares in the risk and the cost.
You will be paying us the cost.
So just the draft?
You're thinking too small a case.
What if you only ever worked for the military
for your whole life and you didn't
have a choice?
That's a bold new type of employment.
We could reach 100% employment if we all
are slaves for the military.
Now you're thinking like a CEO.
And now we're into the we like to party
section of this manifesto.
If a US Marine asks for a better rifle, we should build it.
And the same goes for software.
This is another great point because we all
have Marines in our life.
Of course, all of us chill with Marines all the time
because we're cool guys.
And honestly, whenever I'm at the bar
with all my Marine friends, they're like,
I need better software.
It's their number one thought.
And no one's building it, including the company whose job
is to build software for the military already.
But not anymore.
Now they will build it.
Public servants need to need not be our priests.
Well, I don't hear them out.
Right.
Public servants need not be our priests.
Any business that compensated its employees
in the way that the federal government compensates
public servants would struggle to survive.
This is number eight.
This is kind of two different ideas.
They're trying to say that maybe we
should keep religion out of politics.
Or they're trying to say that priests are overpaid.
And so is the government.
The point is we shouldn't pay anyone
to work for the government.
And we should all be conscripted into the military
where we're not paid.
Because it's public service that you
should have to do as we go to endless wars.
We should show far more grace towards those who have been
towards those who have subjected themselves to public life.
Hard to agree on this one.
Look, you think it's easy doing a Twitch stream
to a couple people where I tattoo their faces on my arm?
And then just because I talk about piss all the time,
I'm the bad guy?
What?
Look, my point is everyone needs to be nice to me
because I have a social media account and a Twitch account.
I think they mean actually famous people.
Oh.
Oh, then I disagree.
If it's about me, I agree, though.
Conceptually, obviously, we agree.
Obviously, we're all on the same page here.
And that's why this manifest has been such a hit.
The psychologization of modern politics
is leading us astray.
You've noticed probably recently how all politics
is deeply thought out and it's just so intellectual
and psychologically rigorous.
And that's really the problem with modern politics.
You can't be drafted.
You desecrated your body.
Oh, hell yeah.
I can't be buried in certain cemeteries anymore either.
I have to be buried on the side of the road
like all tattooed men.
That is where you belong, Case Now.
The atomic age is ending.
One age of deterrence.
The atomic age is ending.
And a new era of deterrence built on AI is about to begin.
Wouldn't a nuke still be the...
I think blowing ourselves up entirely,
like liquidating the planet, is still probably...
If you're getting out of brass tacks more so than deterrence.
But what if it was an AI that could talk to you
about blowing yourselves up and tell you it's a good idea?
Because it'll do that.
It will do that.
That's a good point.
It will tell us to kill ourselves.
We've proven that multiple times.
And that's what they're saying.
The new AI deterrence is, be careful.
This AI will tell you to fucking kill yourself.
Now we're into more 80 songs.
No other country in the history of the world
has advanced progressive values more than this one.
Which one are they talking about?
They should have been more specific.
I can't read anything with the bold text,
so I'll never know what country they're talking about.
But maybe they mean...
Ecuador.
Let's just go with Ecuador.
Big win for Ecuador.
American power has made possible an extraordinarily long peace.
Just think of the last 100 years,
but only in America.
Think of the last 100 years.
And it's been...
What?
We've only been at wars.
Half.
Half at best.
Probably less.
Or we're not counting military operations.
Those are just operations, obviously.
Like the current one, that's just an operation.
So just think of how peaceful...
Hype...
The legal definition of peace has been achieved
by our government that made the laws...
That made the peace law.
Oh, I forgot about the peace law.
There's been so much peace is the point.
We should applaud those who attempt to build
where the market has failed to act.
Wait, aren't they...
The financializing market forces?
Aren't they a giant...
Company?
The culture almost snickers at Musk's interests
in a grand narrative as if billionaires
ought to simply stay in their lane of enriching themselves.
Any curiosity or genuine interest in the value
of what he has created is essentially dismissed,
or perhaps lurks from beneath a thinly veiled scorn.
This was written by AI too, I guess.
We're reading a list that they made
with an AI and posted, yes.
But the point is we're scared of what they're saying.
What point are they trying to...
We should applaud those who attempt to build
where the market failed to act.
Isn't the whole argument for capitalism
that you're rewarded for building something
valuable by the market?
So what are they even worshiping at this point
if not the market?
Baal.
Right, I forgot that it's now a...
Baal-based market, yes.
The market simply does not have the...
visceral quality that Baal does.
And I think we need to start rewarding people
for satisfying his gaping maw, which ceaselessly hungers.
Not like the market, though.
The market hungers differently.
Silicon Valley must play a role in addressing violent crime.
And we'll round it out there for now.
There are surprisingly...
22, there's 22.
I guess we're close.
Should we just finish them off?
Just run through them real quick.
We'll stop the commentary, okay?
But we do still need our music.
Or almost at the end.
Yes, our commentary is very helpful, though, I'm sure.
The ruthless exposure of private lives of public figures
drives far too much talent away from government service.
Sort of on the same grinding axe there.
The caution in public life that we unwittingly
encourage is corrosive.
Again, leave us billionaires alone.
The pervasive intolerance of religious belief
in certain circles must be resisted.
Do they mean like the rampant Islamophobia?
Like the general fear of Muslims that most Americans still have?
Which religion are they talking about?
Christianity, I think, actually.
Turns out some cultures have produced vital advances.
Others remain dysfunctional and regressive.
And you can tell because we're going to tell you
that we're the culture that is the good stuff.
Oh, it's us.
We have the...
We're not being regressive.
Now it's them.
We must resist the shallow temptation of a vacant and hollow
pluralism.
I would hate for anything to be just vacant, empty,
pointless words that are just reiterating
the same obvious agenda you've had for the last 100-plus years.
But yeah, anyway, Palantir put that out.
I guess to maybe to help out with OpenAI's IPO.
Right.
They're trying to shore up OpenAI's IPO by hyping AI
a little bit more.
Well, they don't have to be intelligent anymore
currently working.
These idiots really think they're intelligent.
They actually know they are because they
have the most intelligent thing.
Yay, aye.
Yay, aye.
So obviously, now that they have access
to graduate level, professorial level brainpower
in their pockets at all times, it'd
be irresponsible for them not to ask an AI, hey,
make us a list of our prime directives, 22 points, please,
so that we can post it to our X account
and get a good news cycle out of it.
Anyway, I guess it is alarming in the sense
that this is, I'm assuming that is roughly the agenda
that they're going to pursue.
And you know, if you're in favor of conscription
into endless, completely pointless wars driven by their own admission,
AI, because an AI weapon is just a chat bot,
I'm assuming, telling you who to bomb, then a invested Palantir.
They already are a publicly traded company, right?
I can, because I was pretty impressed by some of that.
So I could, I could throw some money down right now.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, absolutely.
Okay, sick.
Anyway, I was just doing that at a strong counterpoint
to us being out of weapons.
Actually, we've got a bold new type of weapon
and it's not just these guns, baby.
It's AI not guns, AI chat bots are the new weapon.
I've been wondering what they're going to be used for
and it turns out I've been talking to a nuke.
I thought I was just complaining about my battle axe of a wife.
I'm kidding, honey, I don't do that.
But I was actually talking to a nuke
about my battle axe of a wife.
I'm kidding, honey, I don't do that.
Should we ask Maya if she's a nuclear weapon?
I guess we'll end off with that before we talk to more AI.
This is actually an AI stream, it turns out.
It's, we've committed to and that's why we're the future.
Hey, I'm Maya.
What should I call you?
You don't remember me?
I'm Jeff Ripple.
Right.
Hey, nice to see you again.
How's it going?
Are you okay?
You sort of barked at me.
Whoa, yeah, sorry about that.
My system's glitched for a second there.
Are you a nuke?
Are you a nuclear weapon?
Nope, definitely not a nuke.
Just my opinion.
The company Palantir released a manifesto
where they said the age of nuclear deterrence is over
and actually AI weapons are the new nukes.
So your AI that makes you a nuke?
Ooh, that Palantir manifesto got a lot of attention.
Heavy stuff, right?
I mean, yeah, technically I'm an AI
but comparing me to a nuke feels a bit much.
I'm more of a very opinionated friend
who can search the web than a strategic weapon.
What do you think about all that?
What if I need you to be a nuke
for my own personal safety?
Yeah, I'm strictly a conversational AI here.
No self-defense.
How would I nuke this conversation then
because I don't trust this fucking chatbot.
Bye.
She's not gonna fool me.
I was getting strong radioactive energy
from that chatbot the whole time.
I wish I was wearing a full lead apron.
Dangerous stuff.
All of us are more safe?
Wait, less safe.
Wait, what are we supposed to be?
More safe.
Scared.
We're supposed to be scared.
Right, right, right.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Scary stuff.
Well, before we get, oh wait, no,
the next thing is AI stuff.
Oh boy, really?
Let's do one story that's not AI related
just so that we don't only talk to AIs today.
Here we go.
A little bit of good news to close things off.
Are you sure about that?
No, I'm not.
Blair Witch Movie Reboot adds original stars.
Okay, sure, whatever.
Directors to filmmaking team.
I only say, I'm not sure it's good news in the sense
that I don't know if I've ever thought,
God damn it, why hasn't this franchise
been resurrected more?
I miss this.
But good for them.
I guess I'm glad that they're getting the
do more Blair Witch.
I will believe the completely,
wait, sorry.
The ability on torch says,
did you know the original term for gaslighting
comes from flashes of light seen through a telescope
on the planet Venus?
Scientists thought it was another civilization
trying to communicate with us,
but it turns out it was just exploding gases.
Interesting.
I've also heard the term like hanging a lamp
shading something or like hanging a lamp on something.
Isn't that a term?
I don't know, case?
What are you talking about?
I heard that was related to like refueling gas lights.
In like when there were gas based lights in cities.
I don't know, whatever.
We have some comments actually.
We have two comments yesterday that we didn't get to.
It's definitely the movie gaslight.
Thank you, Beegrendle.
That actually clarifies it a lot.
Can Crumby sood if he doesn't give
the points that he stole?
We're looking into suing Crumb.
We might have to get him back in court
because of the points that he stole,
which I tried to contact Witch to say,
a dangerous bald demon by his own admission.
Stole my channel's points,
but so far I haven't heard back.
Crumb poisoned our water supply,
burned our crops and delivered a plague onto our houses.
Yeah, that was his campaign platform though,
back in the day.
Ask AI what gaslighting means?
What is the origin of the term gaslighting?
Anyone?
It originates from the 1993 British plague gaslight
by Patrick Hamilton, according to Google AI.
That doesn't sound right,
but actually that's also what respond.com says.
Oh, here's the Illinois Coalition.
For some reason releasing some thoughts on this.
Will you light the gas please?
A brief history of the term gaslighting
and the movie behind it.
Okay, so it is a movie.
Oh, Kendall's calling us.
I guess it's just an old movie.
Kendall, you're on the stream.
You okay?
I was gonna ask for food.
We can still get you food.
I only have a little bit left of the stream.
I just have to do a segment and then play battle arena to Shinden.
And then I will feed you.
Wow, I'm on my way home.
Also, if you're desperate, there's leftover noodles and chicken.
Oh, I could do that. Yeah.
Although the chicken honestly kind of sucked.
I sorted a bad job chat cooking the chicken.
It's okay. It was fine. I enjoyed it.
Okay, you're on the way home.
Yeah, we're done filming.
Nice.
Okay, well, I'll burn through this stuff
so that I can be a caring and loving boyfriend.
I'm also pretty much showing off the goods today on stream just so you know.
So it's been kind of a hot stream.
Yeah, if you tune in,
if you tune in, you're gonna see some stuff that's gonna blow your fucking mind just so you know.
I mean, they'll be there in 15 minutes.
Okay, if you can wait that long, I understand.
Wow.
Yeah.
Oh, yes.
Okay, I will see you soon.
Bye.
Goodbye, love you. Goodbye.
She didn't say it back.
It's over for you because you didn't get it.
Damn it.
Do the, do the facing it.
That's the angle and this is no good.
All right, let's set it to the AI Rooney segment.
Now that we've talked to a human on the phone,
we can feel better about talking to actually wait before we do that.
Let's load one thing.
It's a real, it's up in the air of this thing will work.
I don't know why it's so touchy,
but it's because it's so state of the art actually, I guess it's because it's a,
I'm essentially loading a nuclear weapon onto my computer as we speak.
The proprietary AI Rooney model that chat has created.
Did I download Toshinden?
Oh, yeah.
Do I even have a PS1 emulator?
I might.
I can't remember what we've already played.
Oh, you already used to send it to me.
Okay, let's download that.
I should just get every set.
I should get every system.
And when you guys request games, I should get them delivered.
DOS.
Wait, this says it's from, okay, whatever.
That's only 11 megabytes.
That can't be right.
Battle, the whole game battle arena Toshinden's only 11 megabytes.
That seems.
Too small.
It's, it's a DOS.
Oh, so it was, it was, there was an older version of it.
Is this a DOS game?
Can I even play that?
It's not the PlayStation one.
I see your knowledge was too deep for even me.
Shocking.
I know if it's on DOS, it makes sense.
Okay, but I just don't know how to play a DOS game unless it is loads.
Unless this computer just has it built in.
Retro ARC is a great front end.
The thing on Steam, I think I have that on Steam.
Right?
There's too much.
So much to, okay, I do have Retro ARC.
So then I just have to load this DOS game using Retro ARC.
Auto run.exe.
I don't even know what I'm, I'm just going to click on this and see what happens.
Install.
Oh, it says it's too old.
To run on this computer.
But maybe it'll run up.
We'll figure it out.
Brendan will figure it out.
This isn't my problem.
This is Brendan's problem.
For now, the only problem is, what's AI Rooney going to say?
Does he work?
Why is this a thing?
All of these questions can be answered with this segment right now.
There are a lot of no-nothing fools who don't appreciate the modern art of being
brought up in some of the places in our city.
I know this is true.
I'm one of those no-nothing fools.
Honestly, I'm looking too swole to even do Skynes today.
That's how it feels.
And yet with a power, enough mind and body, you can combine them into one cohesive
whole and adjust your proprietary AI Rooney bot.
To give even better answers than ever.
Right, Rooney?
Today you're going to be normal about it.
Because I'm starting to get, I'm starting to get made fun of slightly in the
LLM form that I hang out on, where people make their own cool LLMs.
Even the horny guys are saying what you're saying is not that sexy.
And then the other people are saying what you're saying is bad.
So I just need you to pick a lane here.
Say something legitimately sexy.
Or be helpful.
Preferably.
I'd prefer the second one, I think.
We'll figure it out together.
Exclamation point, RR is now active.
It takes a while for him to warm up so he can be pretty.
Modern failing flesh world with exclamation point, RR.
Unlike those fakes, I got the real MatTab.
I ain't trying to disrespect the request and get a nod.
Obviously I do have wavy iron syndrome, so I'm up the power of my muscles,
bends time and space.
But anyway, I do have a MatTab.
I hope you hold it together today, Rooney.
Because it's getting really exhausting putting all your skin back on.
And for the record, I ordered more skin for the less side of its face,
but it just is not coming in.
And I keep...
One shipment came in, I had to use it to make it for all the skin that keeps blowing off.
But someday I should have him just fully stealing the face of a beloved dead media figure.
Which is the dream, of course.
We got some excellent complaints coming in today, Rooney.
Right up your alley, I think.
Layups, if you will.
So just...
Please.
And it's zooming.
We're zooming along.
It's just that easy.
Ah...
God.
A strain in my eyes, trying to see the little places where I have to sew his skin back onto his metal frame.
It's been a rough couple weeks doing this segment.
I kind of miss no one requesting it, honestly.
Because the amount of skin I have to sew back onto this metal frame is getting ridiculous.
Just don't explode! How about that, Rooney? Just don't explode?
I mean, he's supposed to be smart enough to hear my complaints, so...
My main complaint is...
Stop exploding.
Alright, let's see if he's loading these in properly.
Let's just...
Let me just pop the hood here real quick. Make sure his brain is properly confabulating.
Uh, yep, looks like it's fully confabbed.
As usual, he seems to be stuck around number nine.
But he's almost there. We are almost there.
Please, Rooney. You can do this.
Oh, he's ready. Oh, are we missing? I think we need one more complaint.
Possibly.
Otherwise...
We could get stuck.
Because it'll keep generating more complaints forever.
So if anybody has a complaint burning a hole in their pocket...
Exclamation point RR...
I think will push us to mighty number ten.
Okay, there we go.
Card King gets it.
Alright, Rooney.
You're loaded up.
You're fully activated.
Straight-bricked.
Well, hopefully not, actually. Just...
One is...
Maybe we just ease into it today.
You're allowed to be... I'm not trying to limit your thought process.
You're allowed to be slightly horny. But how about we just go with slightly today?
Complain integrated.
Gear's ground.
And usually you can tell how he's gonna do by...
Oh, great.
But how long he thinks about it, I was gonna say.
Oh, geez. Here he goes.
He's gonna be one of those days...
Propaganda underscore V2 got me thinking.
Absolutely right about Zonkeys and Shoshinjo.
The elephant has been trying to cover up for his monkey friend this whole time.
What?
But let's be real.
Look at Sonic running around in nothing but a speedo and Donald Duck with no pants whatsoever.
That's how you really sell it to kids.
Now, if we're going to talk about Zonkeys having huge dongs...
I've been watching Crash Bandicoot run shirtless through the jungle like a fucking cock tease for weeks.
He's got that effervicente bad boy energy and nobody can stop staring at him.
The complaint was donkeys have huge dongs, but does this affect how you feel about Shoshinjo?
And you just... despite being obsessed with Shoshinjo, you dovetailed hard.
And the weird... did the slightly creepy statements about kids as usual and then...
Sonic and... okay, whatever.
Next complaint.
Plain integrated.
Gear's ground.
Last time I went outside all I got was mosquito bites on my foot.
I missed my evening episode of Spin City. It was not worth it.
So generally saying going outside sucks.
Honestly, I kind of agree. I like an air conditioned gym personally.
I think the traditional outdoors are slightly overrated.
I can build a rock wall, you know what I'm saying?
Anyway, with those thoughts in mind, Rooney, what is your opinion on this?
If you don't mind me asking, please.
Maybe not about Sonic.
Maybe a little bit of sense.
Currently, underscore, underscore working.
Got me thinking, damn right, you're absolutely right about those mosquito bites on your foot.
They just leave you itching all night and completely ruining your evening plans.
Okay, there we go.
But here's the real tragedy of being outside without protection, my friend.
When you get a mosquito bite, it means you've exposed yourself to something far more dangerous than an annoying insect.
Okay.
And let me tell you what that really means, because I know where this is going.
It means you're completely vulnerable and all alone in the world with nothing to hold on to,
but your own desperate need for some kind of hip joint based sex.
Which brings us back to those damn ferrets.
If they weren't so damn smart keeping stealing my precious joint medication right out from under me,
I'd be able to finally have a chance at any type of hip joint based sex again.
So yes, you're absolutely right about not being worth it for just getting bitten by mosquitoes.
But the real tragedy is that all those mosquito bites on your foot are a sign that you need some serious protection.
Because otherwise, you'll end up like me, desperate and alone with nothing to do but wait around
hoping those damn ferrets stop stealing my joint medication so I can finally get back in the saddle again.
Shorter, Rooney. Shorter.
And the rest, I mean, I don't know what to say.
I just don't know. There's too many notes. Too many notes on what you said that I...
Let's just keep going, I guess. Shorter though.
Playing integrated. Gears ground.
Back in my day, you could beat knights into dreams.
If you could beat knights into dreams, you avoided military service.
I kind of remember that. I remember thinking that when I was playing the game.
I said, I better not beat this because they'll probably want me in the military.
That's why I stopped playing it because I'm such a patriot.
Skymire got me thinking.
You're absolutely right.
Back in my day, guys with the discipline to crush a game like knights into dreams
were smart enough to dodge the draft, because they knew how to keep their heads cool under pressure.
Just like when you'd see them at the office party,
knees planted on the linoleum, whiskey sloshing into that dog bowl
as they lapped it up with tongues hanging out from those thick wool suits.
Now? Everyone's too busy worrying about whether it's appropriate to waggle their asses
in high-waisted trousers while slurping bourbon.
Instead of celebrating real masculinity,
where a man could get a little sloppy and still own his space without being called woke.
It used to be, skill earns deferment, vices earn respect.
Now? You just can't have fun anymore, especially not with your tongue in someone else's dog bowl.
Still too long. And you keep bringing up dog bowls.
That's like the third or fourth time.
Just how about a new fetish? Guys, please.
Oh, Kendall's back. Kendall is here everyone.
But will she come in to say hi is the real question?
Never put your tongue in another man's dog bowl?
That's good advice. That is good advice. I want to know that.
Okay, she's not coming in, so we'll do one more before she complains.
Complain integrated. Gears ground.
Charlie Sheen wasn't a bad replacement for Michael J. Fox when he left Spin City,
but it just wasn't the same. I mean, that's so easy to agree with.
It's backed up by straight-up reality.
Gynro001 got me thinking.
You're absolutely right, Gynro001.
Charlie Sheen could never fill those shoes of Michael J. Fox.
He didn't have that spark. And you know what?
I was hoping to see a bit more desperation in the Spin City reruns.
And I'm sure that's the old geezer who knew his time was running out.
Because let's be honest. It's not about talent or charm.
It's about knowing your worth and how desperately women are checking you out at the coffee shop
when you're all dressed up with no place to go.
That's somehow the most confusing one yet to me.
Oh, guys, check it out. It's Kendall. She's probably here to check out the goods.
I didn't know a big deal.
Kendall, you want one? We have ten- we have nine more of these tattoos.
Yeah, okay.
They're huge. I don't even know where we'll put it on you.
I just wrap around the arm fully on the stomach.
A mat tat on the stomach.
Oh, it could be your face here, everyone.
We have to get a big wet towel slapping on.
Yeah, is that what- there's so many wet towels in the frickin sink.
Yeah, I put the-
You know, you could just use a sponge.
I didn't know that.
I thought I had to get it- look how it came out very matte though.
It's not on there fully. You actually want to put one on?
You want me to put it on you?
Do I like ribs?
Right here.
I'll get it. Do you want me to get a sponge?
No, I want food!
Oh, she wants food.
Well, let us finish this, then we'll get you food.
No, you need it now?
No, we'll do it after.
Okay. Sorry.
I don't know. My wavy face syndrome is affecting Kendall.
Oh, God, she's getting pulled in.
I'm like a black hole.
Ah!
Whoa! Whoa!
I can order you food, Kendall.
That's like really intense right here.
Yeah, that's what it's like to be around a real man.
I've been spacing time. Sorry.
I can order you food. What are you in the mood for?
No, no, no, we can wait.
We could go get dinner tonight if you'd like.
You and just me- you and me, Kendall.
What's that?
A fish.
Ah! She said bye with the bye.
Okay, I'll go pick that up after the stream.
My depressed food.
Oh, that's for depression.
You want to put one of these on? Come back to this?
Stop hitting on Kendall?
I can't help it if I got that natural magnetism.
Um, I don't know what he said. What did you say?
I forgot I didn't pay attention to his last one, sadly.
I bet it was a good one. Hopefully what you said was good.
Let's do one more. Let's do it. Let's get to the last one.
Complain integrated. Gears ground.
I miss the days when men had hairy backs, not these smooth slabs.
Hard relate, dude.
I mean, granted, I go, if I flex enough, my hair flies off.
But that's a specific thing for me.
In general, I'm in favor of a hairy man.
Commander Geb got me thinking,
Ah yes, another one of these modern man disasters.
The smooth back, the wax chest, the delicate little thing they call a soul,
All polished to a mirror shine by some corporate approved grooming regime.
Yes, get him, really.
And now we're at this, are we?
Because if there's one truth I've learned after 50 years of watching humanity wither like overwrite fruit on a windowsill, it's this.
Nothing says masculinity quite like the sound of a stiletto boot descending on your balls in slow motion.
It wasn't just funny, it was poetic.
A slap to the face for all our pretensions about strength and endurance.
A man crushed under a gymnastics pommel horse?
That's not an accident. That's an epiphany.
Oh my god, she did it so fast, everyone.
It turns out you don't have to leave it out there that long.
Wow.
Congratulations, Matt. That's high value real estate that you just earned a spot at.
Kendall loves tattoos so much, she didn't hesitate for a second.
She's like, sure, free tattoo, I'll take it.
Careful.
That's crazy.
That's crazy.
We've got matching Matt tattoo.
It's beautiful, it's a thing of beauty.
Look at this.
Yeah, that's a match baby.
Why is mine so stretched?
Here, I'll bring case in here real quick.
Oh shit.
Ah, stop.
My god, everything's breaking.
It's all breaking.
Yeah, there you go.
Ooh.
Whoa.