I'm Pepita, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Naught cases brother said he just wanted to say that Jill and I have been watching Dan Danden.
What a great anime. The romance is so cute and the action sequences are great, good stuff.
Anyway, I'm gonna go get a glass of apple juice.
Naught cases brother said hey what happened to that Putin guy still around.
We're live in 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. Let's news it.
I'm Pepito.
Oh yeah.
Hello everybody. We're back in the news.
The Monday news was just too much for me, I couldn't even handle it.
So much so that there's a little bit of reality tearing going around me.
Because I'm rusty with the news.
But when there's reality tearing you know what that means.
Time to check in with my cats.
A little hot off at the stream start.
Cat shot.
I'm gonna make sure there's no incriminating evidence behind me.
I don't even know what it would be in this room honestly.
They're always under chat.
They're always hiding.
And I show you guys.
Look at that.
Look at them.
They're not looking at me.
They're even on the shirt that I was gonna wear.
It's gonna wear a different shirt than this shirt.
Honestly a better shirt.
I picked out one of my best shirts for this stream.
Hey cats, do you want to look at me?
Miss Zora.
Tony Tony do you know your names?
Do you care about anything in the world?
Don't do anything if you're cooler than me.
They have no interest in looking at you chat.
I'm sorry.
Yeah it's pretty much theirs.
You can't even see one of the cats because it's basically in the shirt.
But anyway I'm not there.
I'm in a big old news station.
So I don't have time to worry about my cats being cute.
Melty Von Torture with the five stream streak.
MSG with the 75 stream streak.
Oh my god all these multiples of five.
And thank you so much Citrix for the hundred bits.
You haven't looked at any news today?
You know it's starting to feel like a real rhythm though of...
Trump does something with the economy.
Something something Epstein.
Something something international crisis that he's mismanaging.
So you know it's sort of on track with all that stuff.
That's probably what we'll be talking about in some capacity.
Anyway it's good to be back. Good to see everybody.
The sinister dev. A bonsai bull frog love the hate lady.
All the tricks. Citrix. Skymer.
Mr. Whoopee Boo Boo. Entity daddy. B. Grendel.
Love the hate. I might be repeating something I can never remember.
Case Blackwell is me.
And not cases brother hanging out the mighty Asgore to see ya.
I know there is news outside of the things Trump is doing.
You know there's a reason he's so hard to get out of the news cycle.
If you just always do crazy stuff you have to keep talking about him.
That's how I think that works.
So I guess that's not...
Well that's not newsy foot around guys.
Let's do the news.
Nailed my new intro there.
We gotta keep saying that one.
It's news time everybody.
It's still your design.
Don't let them take it from you.
What the fuck? Where the hell am I?
Ah there we go.
That was in a weird spot for a minute there case.
Ah!
Everything is breaking sorry.
Stop smashing things up around here.
I feel glitchier than usual.
Blame the cats.
I refuse to blame those beautiful creatures.
Yeah why was I... why'd you put a...
Do that you can project backgrounds behind me?
No not usually.
You must be hallucinating Jeff.
We don't have that kind of technology here.
That makes sense because we're in a beautiful large-scale news studio.
The only place someone like me, Jeff Ripple,
is willing to work.
I'm a big deal.
You do realize it's like an Anchorman thing that you just said.
You can't just directly quote Anchorman.
It's kind of lazy.
That's the thing I've said for years.
I'm not going to get into your parody talk case.
Speaking of parodies, I did see the naked gun.
And I thought it was pretty good.
What an insightful review.
Pretty good stuff.
Any other thoughts?
I did think it was pretty good.
Why are you saying pretty?
Honestly it was good.
Is that better than pretty good?
I'd say it was good.
We have some comments to get into.
New idea for a show segment.
Where in the world is JD Vance?
Dude is always on vacation.
Oh yeah.
Everybody was mad that he was in India or something?
There have been photos.
There seems to be...
I refuse to look into this.
But on Twitter, formerly Yex,
something like that,
on Twitter,
there seemed to be doing a
Gavin Newsom vs JD Vance meme.
Someone is trying to force that into existence?
Or I guess it's a thing?
I can't tell.
But somehow the meme is like,
JD Vance with his family in India
and then Gavin Newsom with his white family.
And I guess if your brain is melted eggs,
then that says something to you?
I do smell eggs a lot.
Is that like getting a sign of a heart attack?
No, I don't think so.
You'd think it'd be Newsom vs Trump,
but I guess people are still under the delusion that
JD Vance would ever wrestle power away from...
Trump.
Seeing as Trump kind of has like a Trump 2028
merch already printed in the White House,
I just don't know if JD's going to get that shot anytime soon.
But anyway, the whole thing seems very dumb.
I do like the idea of our national politics being centered around
JD Vance and Gavin Newsom.
Truly, the options for profit are endless.
This is a very profitable country we've got going here.
We'll be going to New Zeke later.
I would show you guys, I shouldn't even brought it up,
but I did see, I just saw it popping up in my feed
a couple of times I checked Twitter and I was like,
why? What new hells will this site show me?
There's no limit. How low can we go?
We don't, we don't not fucking know.
Donut, don't not fucking know.
Trump's such a witch-up as gear all the time,
like Sina and sell it for money.
Hey, speaking of switching up things, transition.
Thanks a lot, cases brother.
Well, what's the transition? I waited too long.
Now it's not a transition anymore.
Oh, well, I guess we're talking about portraits today.
The portrait of the president as a not-so-young man
as Donald Trump switches things up in the White House
with this beautiful new portrait.
That's the real thing. That's the real one.
That's not, that's not some kind of me,
mom, Donald Trump.
That's the one he's hanging.
Boners, Salad, thank you so much
for giving us a beautiful excuse to say your name out loud
and for the 20 months with the Columbine-style duster.
Can we see the whole thing?
Can we, is there a better shot of this?
Can we get a wider shot of this?
Where is this thing?
Okay, so where is it? There it is.
Wow, he's lost weight.
I think, I guess he's lost more weight than he's ever lost.
Yes, truly this is thinner than he's ever been.
It's even worse, zoomed out.
Let's find the full thing.
Newsweek here is playing us.
They're doing us dirty.
Wait, maybe this picture is the whole thing?
Let's pop this up, this bad boy open.
Hmm. I feel like we're missing his feet here.
I don't know if this is the whole thing.
Papito, pull up the full portrait please.
You think he's actually going to look up anything?
I'll fucking do it.
Donald Trump, new portrait.
What, a douchebag?
I don't see a bag in there.
I just see Donald Trump.
Oh, these are all just his other various disturbing portraits.
Come on, Google, you're getting worse and worse.
New White House portrait maybe?
None of these places want to show us the full undocked.
There's more than one portrait though.
So if we can't show you guys this one, we can show you more.
I have such sites to show you.
The actual news may be depressing to talk about,
but the human interest puff piece portrait news
is also somehow depressing to talk about.
People complain about AI art,
and then when a wonderful artist produces
a beautiful original work like this,
more complaints, life is so cruel.
We should animate this.
We should animate this portrait using the power of AI.
Then you can have a moving portrait all the time.
It can be like a Harry Potter painting.
You could just walk into the White House
and this thing will talk to you.
Wouldn't that be incredible?
Let's read the news instead of considering the things
the case is saying, because they're not good.
President, President, President Donald Trump
has wasted no time in redecorating the White House.
This is courtesy of Newsweek during his second term,
filling it with, well, we've seen it, lots of golden stuff.
Since he assumed office this year for the second time,
photographs taken within 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue show
new paintings have been popping up.
For instance, when he showed everybody his hot new shit,
when they were doing the Ukraine stuff,
is that news too, the Ukraine stuff?
We might have to talk about the Ukraine stuff at some point too,
but right now I think we need to focus on the top story of the day,
which is this portrait.
Right, I'll try to keep it more portrait focused.
Here he is with meeting with, I guess,
what some people are calling all the leaders of Europe,
or a bunch of them.
But this is the moment everybody's talking about.
The people love this moment.
That happened.
Full screen, zoom in and hands.
Look at that.
Just walking into your friend's house
to look at the hot new thing.
See it again.
All of the power brokers of world governments.
And then they have to look over there and see that.
That's how you know we still got it, baby.
Nobody produces better art than the United States of?
Did we change that yet?
No, it's still America.
Oh, I guess that's good.
Here's another one.
Oh, look at these guys.
Everybody's talking about my best three friends,
just three Republicans, all of whom would be able to relate to each other's
extemporaneous circumstances for sure.
Yeah, definitely three of the top Republican presidents of all time.
Look at that.
Is this is AI?
Is AI everything now?
Am I supposed to be able to tell if this is AI or not?
Does it really matter?
It is signed.
Does that help you?
It's signed by let's zoom in.
I can't.
Dick Bob Buick.
I'm going to say the artist's name is Dick Bob Buick,
but I can't prove that because it's too little.
That one's from 2020 to 2020.
That's an old one.
Oh, yeah.
That's from the other time he won the presidency.
Yeah, that time that he definitely won, apparently, according to him.
Oh, but look, great news.
He's got, um, those are some first ladies, right?
Is that Clinton?
Is that Hillary Clinton?
Just boom, this one right in the middle that you got to appreciate how
spiteful that is that is the younger brother moving into the older
brother's bigger room when he goes off to college, except in this
case, college is a full rejection by the American electorate.
Well, hey, Hillary won the popular vote at least, but he still got to
hang up all his new posters.
It's just so unfair the way the national parents treat their
children here.
Dick Bob Buick on art.
Dick Bob Buick.
One of my favorite artists is Dick Bob Buick.
Uh, we will be talking to Dick Bob Buick about art.
I can't wait for that.
Really been a long time since I've checked in with Seminole Portrait
artist Dick Bob Buick.
You've checked in with him before.
Well, obviously I cover all the presidential portrait stories.
They come up all the time, right?
Remember Obama's, the one that looks like an Atlantic cover.
And I guess essentially was Obama's president.
A little bit of a vibe shift here, guys.
Let's see if you can spot the national vibe shift when I
show you these two portraits.
A story told through Peekshores.
Oh my God, I hate Google images so much.
Why does it do this to me?
Um, what the frick?
I've lost it.
I know I've lost the Trump one for somehow.
Okay, here we go.
All right, here's Trumpy.
Here's Trumpy Bear.
Obama.
Trumpy Bear.
Obama.
And Michelle Obama.
Artist subjective.
And I'll leave it to you, chat, to decide which portrait
seems more appropriate.
To be fair, Obama's being absolutely devoured by those plants.
Obama's kind of feels like you're seeing him on a spirit journey
after doing too much DMT.
Which means you've done just enough DMT.
Encouraging drug use at all times, Gase.
Is this one better?
I don't know.
They're all a little unsettling when you think of the things
presidents do.
But I'm glad they all get their pictures.
Anyway, that's the only thing that happened in the full week.
Almost full week I was away, I'm sure.
Soon you'll be able to see all of these portraits of Trump
on display at the Smithsonian.
Yeah, isn't Trump always creating issues at the Smithsonian
or demanding that there's changes, like new exhibits?
I don't know.
You know, I'm not destined to be an art critic.
Which type of critic are you?
I'm a news critic, actually.
You know, I'm an extremely honest news critic.
And that is what I put on my resume.
Fantastic.
All right.
Well, in case you thought all of the news
was just people looking at portraits,
some of those people were international diplomats
and or world leaders.
And apparently we're still talking about Ukraine.
Still?
Still talking about this?
Well, it's still happening, Jeff.
Okay, I'm just a little tired.
If we're going to be a news critic,
can't we call this one as a little played out?
I'll do the news criticism around here, Jeff.
You're supposed to be a newsman.
All right.
He wants a museum to focus on the future.
That's a bold new strategy.
I'm tired of these museums being stuck in the past.
Give me the Jetsons Museum.
That's also from the past.
But it's about the future case.
I want old, I want retrofuturism as all of our museums, please.
The Kremlin has played...
Oopsie.
Wait a minute.
I got to migrate this story over to Jeff Vision.
Okay.
Kremlin plays down Zelensky talks as Trump warns Putin
may not want to make a deal.
I want all family-style art, or I'm going,
wait, stay, we can do more family-style, guy-style art.
I'm not, I can't do family-guy paintings.
Case, use those AI tools that you have
for the various unscrupulous jobs you're doing
and make some AI art of family-guy Trump.
I'm sure Twitter's already taken care of that.
I'm sure there's plenty of disturbing conservative...
conservative-coded family-guy Trump celebration art.
Put whatever you just said on a t-shirt.
It sounds so fun.
All right, the Kremlin has played down talk of an imminent summit
between Russian President Vladimir Putin
and Ukraine's Vladimir Zelensky,
as Donald Trump renewed his call for the two leaders to meet
to discuss ending the war in Ukraine.
The push for a bilateral meeting comes after the U.S. President
met Putin in Alaska last week
and welcomes seven European leaders
to the White House on Monday.
Trump admitted the conflict was, quote,
a tough one.
I mean, he said he was going to solve it in a day,
but sometimes you bite into that jerky and you're like,
I'm going to be chewing this for a few weeks.
Where are you buying jerky, Jeff?
You know, you're on the road.
You stop at, you know, the corner of a place
where there's a guy sitting on a tree stump
selling the world's toughest jerky.
He says if you can chew through it, it'll grant you three wishes.
You're not going to buy it. You know what? Let's...
Never mind. I got to stop asking questions like that
while you're reading that the digressions are getting too insane.
I was about to tell you a whole story.
Really good stuff.
Trump admitted it was a tough one to solve
and conceded it was possible the Russian president
was not interested in hostilities.
We're going to find out about President Putin
in the next couple of weeks, he said on Tuesday.
It's possible that he doesn't want to make a deal.
Too bad he didn't find out when he was just
talking with him in person.
Or at least a guy who looked a lot like him.
Let's not spread that conspiracy theory, Jeff.
What? That President Putin never leaves the house
and he has a bunch of body doubles?
Yeah, don't spread that kind of misinformation.
The stuff about him having bottled up body doubles
and never actually leaving anywhere
because he's still scared of COVID?
He's got plenty of reasons that that conspiracy theory
isn't happening. Kendall's calling everybody.
So let's...
Blaster immediately onto Twitch.
Hello, you're on the stream.
Oh yeah.
I'm just saying I'm coming home early.
Oh, okay.
Well, I'll be streaming until probably about 6.30.
Okay.
Or 7. Somewhere in there.
Okay.
But then we can do whatever.
Then we watch Rogue One again.
Oh, guys, we watched all of...
We watched all of Andor
and then we watched Rogue One to top it all off.
Which is kind of like a...
the opposite of a cherry on top of a sundae?
Maybe like a plastic cherry on top of a sundae?
Yeah.
We had like a nice crisp cherry
and then ended it with like the melted ice cream.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. There's a cherry on top and below it.
It's just the decaying carcass of an ice cream bean.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Rogue One is the best Star Wars, to be honest.
I got to disagree with you, Subrichi.
I could not get into Rogue One after watching Andor.
But the tones are just so insanely different.
I don't know. Maybe that was...
Maybe the vibe shift is too intense for me.
The third act of Rogue One is so good.
That's true. I did like the ending.
And also Darth Vader shows up and he does this.
And then he says, don't choke on your aspirations.
That's good stuff.
Don't say it like that.
It is good stuff.
Sorry.
You did not like Andor.
Subrichi and I are on opposite camps here.
Fortunately, that's okay.
Is it? Yes, it is okay.
What are you going to be back, Kendall?
43 minutes.
Okay.
You have any news you want to report once you're back?
I think I have news, yeah.
Okay.
My microphone's covered in cat hair.
They're gone. They left.
Oh well.
They were right behind me, but now they've walked away.
Okay, I'll see you soon.
Okay, bye.
Bye.
Oh, I did another big piece of news.
I saw a red letter media had a like a Plinkit video.
What?
Or any of the words you just said.
Oh come on, you've never seen the Star Wars Plinkit reviews?
Can't just say stuff like everybody's seen it.
No, not everybody.
You're behind the times.
Which times?
You're behind the 2012 times.
Anyway, he's got another Plinkit thing for Star Wars.
Wait, why does what sound delicious?
Everything I was describing sounds gross.
Who's Jeff on the phone with?
Yeah, who am I on the phone with?
You should know that, Jeff.
I just got jealous of you being on a call,
so I thought I'd hold up my phone too
to feel more like a business guy.
Well, it doesn't work if you tell us about it, Jeff.
Then forget I told you.
Idiot.
What?
Stop being stupid, Kate.
Oh, sorry, that's the alert for segment request being back on.
What's even happened to this stream end world?
Slightly new alert sounds?
Oh, okay.
That's actually not that bad.
What was I talking about?
Jeff, are you doing okay?
I'm doing better than you.
Doing great.
Just like international relations.
It's not a transition because that's not what's happening.
Okay.
Thank you so much.
King KO, FV, PB5, before the follow.
And later, I gotta wedge myself between all these squares.
Later we'll be going to learn how to do things with Jeb Nogget.
Thank you, Jeff, for intruding segments.
I'm actually a broadcaster case.
Despite initially pushing for a three-way summit,
we're back on the news, by the way.
Just like that.
Just like that.
We're back on the news.
Despite initially pushing for a three-way summit with Putin
and Zelensky, Trump is now suggesting it would be better
if the two leaders initially met without him.
He doesn't even, he's tired of there.
Bo?
Shit.
Why'd you say it so slow?
Because it's, I don't want to editorialize.
You did anyway.
Yeah, because you forced me to.
Sorry, I thought I saw something.
Yeah, I thought I saw something, too.
I don't see anything.
The Russian president told Trump on Monday that he was open to the idea
of direct talks with Ukraine,
but the next day, Foreign Minister Sergei Larov
watered that down with the vague commitment.
Any meeting would have to be prepared gradually,
starting with expert level and thereafter going through all the required steps.
It, you know, ending a war is...
You can't just say it's done.
That's what happens eventually, though, you just say it's done.
Yeah, but you can't just say it's done.
Yeah, but I mean, eventually they will just say it's done.
So they could.
They could.
But it's complicated, case.
War is very complex.
Isn't it kind of actually somewhat simple?
We made overtures towards Ukraine joining NATO
and Russia responded, Russia responded with an invasion
and now the only way they'll end the war
is by annexing tremendous amounts of Ukrainian territory.
Yeah, but what you just said is kind of complicated.
We'll put more simply, they wanted shit,
so now they're breaking stuff and they're going to keep breaking stuff
until they get the shit they want.
And it's actually, all war is really fucking stupid
because we're just little monkeys that can't negotiate with each other or share.
Raw is war.
Skymoner actually said it much more simply.
Actually, that is true.
That's one of the simplest ways it's ever been put.
Raw is in fact war.
What is it good for?
Absolutely Mondays.
Maybe we should just stop doing the news and move on.
There's more news.
Also, in case you thought voting worked.
Sorry, it doesn't.
Okay, where are you going with this?
My bad.
Well, it's just late and breaking news
and the last shreds of sort of electoral credibility
are currently being shredded.
War, like Star Wars, will never stop making sequels.
Everyone is saying better versions of the stuff than you.
I can't help it if other people are more eloquent than me.
You could try.
Texas Republicans, can we use this Trump portrait for every story?
It really underscores the moment I think we're all in, actually.
That's the power of great art.
Texas Republicans approve Trump-backed congressional maps
to protect party's majority.
So that thing that everybody's been hand-waving over.
Of course, sir, I think the Republicans are sort of more hand-waving away.
Several districts that were most likely to go Democratic.
Yeah, I guess not anymore.
And anyway, to make a long story short,
apparently the Democrats went to Chicago to hide from having to participate
in this vote that would strip away even more power from their party
in Texas and downstream from Texas, the entire nation.
But they're gonna do it.
They're just gonna take the stuff they wanted,
and there's nothing anybody can do to stop them.
It's hopeless.
Jesus, Jeff, we're powerless to stop Texas.
I guess.
I don't fucking know.
I mean, the corruption is just so open at this point.
Yeah, I don't know.
Supposedly, in response to this,
the beautiful state of California, where we claw back.
What the whose hand is that?
We claw back all of the Democratic and by that I mean the party's power.
By redistricting here is the next step.
Yes, apparently Gavin Newsom says he's gonna redistrict California
to offset the Republican gains.
At a certain point, if you're just redistricting everything,
you kind of wonder what's even the point of an election
if all of this stuff is just dictated from on high by the
governor-kings of our various states.
But I guess go team California.
Well, would you rather have a bunch of redistricting only for Republicans?
No, I mean, it's a logical counter move, I guess,
from the Democratic Party, but I mean,
what are we even fucking doing at a certain point is my question.
But it's kind of a dumb question in defense of the ruling party.
What are we even fucking doing is a dumb question.
It's a little dumb.
What if all the whose and who will became gringes as a defense?
See, that's the choice we all have at any moment.
At any point, you can just get on board with the system and submit.
So is that so crazy?
We've already done that.
Everybody's already done that.
Nobody is an actual meaningful open rebellion currently.
All of this stuff is just happening.
So we're doing it.
We're doing our job.
For now, for now everybody is we can't complain
or they will send the National Guard to your favorite CPK.
No, not my favorite CPK.
I'll do it.
You go try to stop them for me.
Quit fomenting rebellion.
Jeff, you just said you don't want to.
If you won't get off a damn camera and use your full rights
under the Constitutional law, we can detain these Gibranis and move on.
I got to stay in front of this camera live in Sleazy.
I can't be out there doing revolutionary action.
See, I'm just saying everything I'm saying is smart.
Oh, thanks, Jeff.
You're welcome.
Anyway, also, oh, well, OK.
So not to lower the mood, lower the mood from this coverage so far,
not to lower the mood from all the news about unending war in Ukraine
and redistricting, eliminating the need for voting.
But Israel has also approved a settlement plan to erase the very notion of a Palestinian state.
What's his face?
Smotrich.
Bezalal Smotrich, a name that doesn't sound at all villainous.
Has gotten what he wanted and basically they're going to bisect Palestinian territory
to cut it off from East Jerusalem in an attempt to not even really slowly strangle out
the idea of a Palestinian state, but to violently end it,
which they've already been doing.
So I don't know.
Villain or soccer soccer star no in between.
That's a good point.
Unfortunately, he went with the second one.
Would have been nice if this guy could have just played.
Soccer, as I like to call it, anti-American football.
I have to stay on a computer.
I live inside one.
Hey, you're not alone, baby.
You are not alone.
You know, speaking of living in a computer, I think I've shouted this guy out before,
but shout outs to Elephant Graveyard, who I still can't tell if he's,
the AI in Sleazy made me think of this too.
I can't tell if he's an AI voice.
If you're looking for a YouTuber to break down the moment we're in
through one of my favorite mediums, Discussions of Joe Rogan,
then I can't recommend Elephant Graveyard enough.
Anyway, I don't know why I'm bringing that up in this context,
but for some reason, the chat made me think of it.
What? He's a YouTuber named Elephant Graveyard.
He makes some AI slop seemingly, but confusingly then also makes good
YouTube editorial videos.
I don't know.
Okay, well, we're all over the place today.
Or the world is, Jeff, blaming the world again for all your problems.
What kind of a guy are you?
What do you mean?
What kind of a guy blames?
Well, the blames was the question mark.
Exactly.
I watched that new Elephant Graveyard about Joey Rogan running a death cult.
Yeah, I thought it was great.
I don't know.
There's a lot of kind of apocalyptic art out there.
So I don't know if anything really makes you walk away feeling inspired,
but I did feel like kind of an interesting summation of the cultural moment that we're in to me.
If anybody feels like checking it out, again, I'd recommend it.
Big JOE Rogan fans here.
Love a colleague of ours.
Oh yeah, we worked with Joe Rogan for years.
He's gotten busy lately, but you know, on this network, he used to be one of our correspondents, actually.
That YouTuber is an artist.
He's kind of doing the arts, guys.
Some people do the arts, and I say, I'm glad someone figured out how to do it.
Joy Rogan.
Now that's his female masturbation toy that he's selling.
The thing you just said has made us have to end this segment case.
Oh, my bad.
That's all the time we have.
Just you. Just you.
And let's just hope we move on to something better than whatever Mr. Blackwell has been providing us so far.
Because a ripple of disgust ripples away from me to all of you.
And you should be ashamed of yourself.
I'm Jeff Ripple.
What do you mean, fake jab?
Why does everybody always start this segment like that?
It's really not kind.
As I've explained, I'm the same jab.
Post-surgery.
After smashing my face at high G-force and the bottom of my se...
some...
Waterwell.
The bottom of my water well.
What?
What happened now, sir?
I was dreaming, I think.
Oh.
Oh.
Or where was I? Wasn't I just cleaning in the basement?
Actually, no, daddy. You're dead and you're in the wood.
Oh, right. That's what I was doing.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, God. I just realized that that's my reality.
Sure is.
Where's our goofy jab?
It's the same jab.
I'm full of laughs and...
japs.
And cheers and cheers.
And good time.
A big barrel of fun.
Just scrunched up my nose like Santa Claus.
That's not how that works.
It was not very Santa-like.
You look like you're full of bugs, like the guy from Men in Black.
Well, he is a movie star.
No, the guy playing him is a movie star.
He's a fictional character full of bugs, jab.
Yeah, same idea. In the movies.
Mm, let's see what we're learning today.
Because no matter what people say about your surgically reconstructed face,
you're never at a point where you can't say to learn how to do surgery yourself
and fix your face at some point.
Ooh, sidewalk cruising.
Is that like walking down the sidewalk but more smoothly?
Okay. Let's find out.
So you're gay.
You're shitty gardeners.
Why is this...
Here's Jimmy Gardner's.
A sensible young man with fashionable hair and a strong desire towards other men.
Why is this only playing out of one speaker?
Now this is a fun, cruisey sidewalk, huh, Jim?
Hey there, young man.
You look like you could use a big treat.
That's some semen, huh?
Say, how about you hop on my handlebars and I'll show you my cedar-lined den?
Calm down, Jim. This is what we've been prepping for.
What?
Is the scarf in your back pocket.
Good.
And what about your pointed foot? Where is it?
Oh.
Swell and the lean.
He's read all the signs. Now anchors away!
Go get him, Jimmy!
Where are these the gals?
Oh, wait. Never mind.
An unfortunate lesson is that not every neighbor has an appetite for semen, Jimmy.
Oh well, there's always the hula.
A blonde brunette and a redhead production.
So, does that still work?
Because the video is from 14 years ago.
It's a bit of an older one.
In case anyone's... I'm covering it up, but...
It's from 14 years ago.
Wait, there we go. It's from 14 years ago.
So, is there a new way to cruise?
Oh, is that something you want to do?
Because maybe that's why you've never had a partner, because you've been hiding from yourself?
No, unfortunately I am seemingly straight.
I guess I just aren't not lucky with the ladies.
Right, that's what's happening.
10K views and four comments.
What voice was that? What do you mean?
10K views and four comments.
What just happened here, idea?
There's some real crap on YouTube, but this isn't it.
See, there's some positive comments, actually.
There's some real crap on YouTube, but this isn't it.
Oops, but then someone made them feel bad and said, it is.
You can never please everybody.
That's just a fact. Some people, you know, some people say,
your comedy is no good. Some people say, you stole the face you're wearing.
You're not even who you claim to be.
You stole the life of one of the most depressing men on the planet.
Why? Well, the secret is it's been my life the whole time.
So, I didn't steal a thing.
I was born in the dark, like Bane.
Like Bane, do you remember him, Dad?
Is he like a biblical character? Yeah, more or less.
Okay. How to whistle with your fingers.
Oh, we've done this before. But we've never nailed it.
So, it's good to revisit skills to continue to elevate your skill stack
by refreshing some of the skills you failed to learn previously.
Let's see if this video shows me how to properly do this.
Okay.
Wait, before I do this, is the okay sign racist?
Because I should probably be careful if it is.
Uh, I don't know. It is.
The okay sign is racist.
Well, but what if I have to make it for the tool,
for the mouth tool that I need?
What if my hand is just a tool for my mouth?
The okay hand gesture is now listed as a symbol of hate?
This is from several years ago.
Ah, ah.
Okay, this isn't supposed to be a news segment,
but this is important to what we're learning to do.
The okay gesture, commonly seen as a way of indicating
that all as well is now racist, apparently.
Oh, the ADL, a Jewish Civil Rights Organization,
added 36 symbols to its hate on display database.
But why? Oh no, there's an emote for it.
Um, it has been deployed in memes and other images promoting hate.
What, but why is it, why is it racist?
Also wouldn't be anti-Semitic if it's the ADL.
Over the past couple of years, we've seen only the hoax.
I'm scanning.
Scuba diving is going to be a lot harder.
You're going to have to do the peace sign,
but I think, well this is just some no good hippie,
we better let him drown.
Okay, among the white nationalist groups symbol,
so it's white nationalist, some,
is it because cowboys do it?
It seems like a real, I can't, oh, I almost just did it.
Actually I was just doing, I don't even have,
I don't have hands, so nobody can mad at me.
I think it's the 30 soonic symbols of hate.
What hand gestures are still good?
Can I point?
Actually pointing in some cultures is considered rude.
Which ones?
Well does that matter Jabba, you just said it.
Kind of dismissive of whatever hypothetical culture
I could be talking about.
So how do I blow with my mouth?
Huh? I just need a, I need a way to blow with my mouth.
Well I'm not, I'm just going to do it like this,
it's just a pinch.
I don't even need to make the okay,
I just got to pinch my little fingies together.
And then I just have to nail this first try.
They said that I shouldn't worry if I don't get it.
But I'm worried before getting it.
So I suspect I'll be worried after if I don't,
but this time I'm going to focus and get it.
Okay, we're going to the streets as well.
Um, okay, uh, low harder.
What? No I wasn't spitting, I was trying.
It hurts to do it.
It hurts my mouth.
What? Then you're doing it wrong.
Don't make me do it more, you're the only one trying,
you can stop, don't make me do it more.
I just said you can stop, fine I will do it again.
This time I got it for sure.
Fuck my little tushy.
Okay, just stop son, stop.
You stop because you're, you've stopped living here dead
and you're in the wood.
Who are you mad at right now and oh my God,
you're right I am.
I'll come back to it.
Everything's fine.
I'll just come back to it.
We learned out of scat last time.
Tips to anchor TV news.
Oh, this would be good for case.
Because I don't think you know how to do it.
Let's find out how to do a TV news anchor.
Finally.
Welcome, you're watching NDTV and all the news from the world
of politics, sports and entertainment right here.
Anchoring a TV news broadcast is much more difficult
than it actually appears.
Good anchors just don't read, they think,
they multitask and then communicate a story
with emotion and empathy.
Now this isn't particularly simple when you've got
to just read off the script.
So today we'll share a few pointers that you must keep in mind
while anchoring TV news.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten.
Is that okay?
Be prepared.
Make sure you're in studio ten minutes before roll time
for audio and video checks.
Can you hear me?
Give some time to your production crew to set up for your show.
Wait, the first step is just be on time to work.
Okay, interesting.
I guess I don't do that, so...
But then again, I just do how-tos.
Look good.
It always helps to look pleasant.
Oh.
Ensure your hair is combed properly.
Ah, go if you can't.
What if you legitimately can't?
Is it okay?
Ensure your clothes are messy, Dr.
Oh.
Your mesh jacket okay?
It's not too crumpled.
Avoid busy florals and loud prints.
So far, the steps are to look good and be on time
to things we've never done.
Man.
Go for solid colors instead.
They work best for you.
Good evening and welcome to verdict tonight.
Posture?
What if your back has a whole thing?
It leaves you a position of authority.
What if it's barely considered a back by science?
It walks you to sit straight.
Slouching or leaning too much on one side of the table
is sloppy.
What if when you went to a doctor,
they told you that you're more ribcage than back?
And that your back is technically, medically speaking,
additional ribcage?
Then what do you do then?
You use the number of barriers between you and the viewer.
Obviously, Jet can do it.
The laptop, for instance, should be flattened.
Know your subject matter.
Know the rundown and write your own links.
Do some research if required to understand the context of the story.
I do do that, Mr. Wobby Boobbo.
Your link should ideally set up the story accurately
without being overloaded with detail.
Try to connect the items on a rundown.
This can be done by wrapping out at appropriate places
for a smoother flow of a show.
Alright, Suneetra, interesting political development there.
I guess the Congress hasn't quite resolved the 1984 conundrum.
Now moving on to politics of another kind.
India's Cricket Tour of Pakistan in January 2009
looks to be in some trouble.
That's a transition.
Looks like one of the largest political issues of our day
was not resolved.
And not a cricket?
Okay.
Emote.
Look interested.
The amount of involvement you show as an anchor
will draw the viewer in or out.
Yeah, there's no hype train. That's odd.
If there's no negative or sad news, click something.
If a package ends on a fun note or even laughter,
the viewer wants to see a smiling anchor too.
Okay.
This step I like,
because they're basically saying
you won't feel anything,
regardless of the news you're reading,
force yourself to adopt a facsimile of emotion
that matches the hypothetical feelings one might have.
That's some good advice.
We are more involved, more natural.
Connect with your viewer.
Tell them a story, don't just read it out.
As an anchor, you have to picture that you're talking to one person
and not millions of viewers.
Sometimes it helps to picture the one person you like and respect.
But maybe your parents, your aunt or...
I actually, whenever I do this segment,
but this is a how-to segment,
I do picture a million individual people.
And I'm talking to all of them.
But that's because I really empathize
with an audience that I don't have but could.
That's why I picture a million people.
Hold on.
It really happens that you wake up one day
and you find history is being created right in front of your eyes.
Today was a big day in American history
and indeed in world history.
Oh.
What a man, Barack Obama.
Was that supposed to...
Did they record that in case Obama dies?
Why is he talking?
Oh, because it might have been for when he was elected.
Okay.
And finally remember as an anchor,
your energy levels have to be up.
Smile when you open and close your eyes
and let them know you can complete the outcome.
Because this will help you break the ice with your viewer.
Seville loves you.
Thank you so much.
They did forget to mention...
Ask the viewer for subs
and start a hype train.
They forgot about this stuff.
This is an important step, I think.
That's a hype train.
We're getting all pumped up around here now.
Wow.
I feel totally hyped up.
What the hell is all this?
Is this the thing that happens?
It doesn't usually happen on our segment for some reason.
But this is the thing that happens.
I guess I've got a rap.
No, you don't.
Wait a minute, stop this.
I can't get the hype train in here.
I can't summon the hype train from hell right now.
So I think I actually have to do the rapping myself.
Add your lotion.
Whoa, whoa.
That doesn't smell like lotion.
It doesn't smell bad.
But it does not smell like lotion.
What's it smell like?
Something else.
Is Salazar available?
Salazar is currently caught on his mid-Atlantic swim.
And will hopefully emerge from the ocean someday.
I've been told he will emerge whenever case takes roughly one to two days
to figure out how the program works to get him back.
Do you ever bump into the hype train, Dad?
What are you talking about?
I don't know.
I guess you're dead and in the woods.
So why would you meet a train?
Oh, right.
I am dead and in the woods.
Somebody asked earlier how often you forget that you're dead.
I'm dead?
Yeah, and you're in the woods.
Oh, jeez.
Anyway, what's a hype train?
Hmm.
Anyway, I have to learn how to rap
I can rap really quick.
I got to think the subs by rapping.
I think that's how hype trains work.
So how to rap?
If you're new to rapping, then consider this your first official rap lesson.
Okay.
What you're about to learn is not only going to demystify how rapping really works.
How does it work?
But it's also going to reveal the most important skills that you need to...
My name is Cole Mize.
Whoops, I skipped the prayer.
My name is Cole Mize, and I've been helping rappers perfect their rap skills
for the past nine years.
Now, let's get straight to it.
When most people begin rapping, they tend to focus on writing lyrics first.
Because when they listen to their favorite rap songs, the rappers' lyrics is typically what resonates and connects with them the most.
They understand language and rhymes, and so when they're trying to learn how to rap, they tend to focus on writing lyrics first.
How do I do it?
Then they try to rap those lyrics over an instrumental, and then they suddenly realize those lyrics don't sound so good for some reason.
And this is because they've only been focusing on developing half of their rap skills.
You see, they're going to rap as an acronym, R-A-P, rhythm and poetry.
And it's the rhythm that's the musical side of rapping that drives the lyrics.
It makes the lyrics sound so awesome over an instrumental.
So as you continue writing lyrics, you need to put a significant amount of focus into the musical side of rapping, which we're about to get into right now.
First, let's define a few very important words that you need to understand as a rapper.
The first one is bar. A bar is a musical measurement of distance.
Just like in the physical world, we use miles or kilometers to measure distance.
And by using bars as a measurement, we make music note.
And there's different types of rhythm and music notes, which get their names based off of their division of a bar.
For example, if I were to fill in each beat with one note, these would be called quarter notes, because they each take up one quarter of a bar.
And practicing filling in these quarter notes is a great place to start developing your rhythm as a rapper.
And this exercise is known as the four counts.
Let's try to do the most replayed part.
Just say the number of each has a pause for the first half of beat one.
Then I feel the rest of this beat in with two sixteenth notes.
On the second beat, I use an eighth note followed by two sixteenth notes.
And then I feel beat three in with sixteenth notes and pause for the first beat.
What about lyrics?
Most beginner rappers will just group all their lyrics together into one giant paragraph.
Now, you don't need to have crazy specific graphs like you're seeing me use right now to teach this lesson.
But I do recommend treating every line of your lyrics as if it's a bar.
This simply means that the first thing that's at the beginning of every line should be what's actually landing on the first beat of that bar.
This means that sometimes a multisyllable word may be split between the ending of one bar and the beginning of another.
Also, you will always be rapping at the beginning of every bar.
Pattern.
On beat two of bar one, I use an eighth note and on bar two, I use two sixteenth notes.
So while there are delivery, delivery is the acting part of being a rapper.
Notice on my two bars, how I have a really relaxing sounding tone overall.
But I go up in tone on my in rhymes of each bar on the words moving and proven.
In rhymes just mean it's the rhyme scheme we've created which typically lands on the end of the bar.
This is simply the first rhyme scheme that we established.
And if we wish to push things further, we'll create more internal rhymes and rhyme schemes around it.
And rhymes are a great place to add a little bit more energy to your vocals because it causes your rhymes to really shine and pop out a bit from the rest of your lyrics.
Giving it like a 3d type of a.
Okay, I get it now.
I simply have to have rhythmic notes.
I need lyrics.
I need patterns in those lyrics.
And I need delivery.
I don't have any lyrics.
Can I steal those?
Yes?
Yes?
Okay.
Big papa lyrics.
So then, but then I need to change it out to have the people's names in it.
I think.
Because he uses the subs names, whoever gave bits or subs.
Are you talking to me?
I don't know how to rap.
Oh, be careful.
Okay, so I have lyrics.
I need rhythm.
I also need a beat.
Basic rap beat to learn to.
Rap basics, fundamentals of flow.
No, I need an instrumental.
I need a training beat.
I need a training beat.
I need a basic rap beat.
I need a training trap instrumental.
Yeah, that'll do it.
There we go.
Give me the music.
Okay, and now we need.
Let's practice.
Check it out.
Junior mafia.
I like this.
Yeah.
Yeah.
94 to all the ladies in the place.
Style and grace.
Allow me to lace these lyrical dushes in your brushes.
Oh, bushes.
Shoot, that's hard.
That's not how those go.
I'm trying to be lyrical, daddy.
You gotta learn somehow.
Who rock grooves and make moves with all the mommies?
The back of the club, stripping moat is where you'll find me.
The back of the club, mechging my cruise behind me.
Mad question, assing, passing, music, blasting, but I just can't get it.
Mad question, assing, passing, music, blasting, but I just can't quit.
Because one of these honeys biggie got a creep with sleep with keep them a secret.
Why not?
See, I was filling up the notes with patterns.
Were you?
Now I just have to get chatting here.
Mad question, assing, passing, music, blasting, can't quit.
Giggle trash.
See what I did there?
You just added a name to the end.
Yeah, that's how it works, I think.
Sleep with keep the EP a secret.
Why not?
Why blow up my spot?
Because we both caught...
Card King.
See notes by the layers, true to life players, jumping the rover and come over.
The Mighty Oz.
Just thank them, Jeb.
That's what I'm doing.
Oh!
Oh man, I was learning.
Whistles in chat.
How do you whistle in chat?
Whistles in chat.
I don't know.
Did you miss the Hamtaro stream?
Oh, Stevie loves you.
You might have missed it.
But it was kind of odd.
We just played a hamster...
We played like a hamster mining game?
It did happen though, technically.
Anyway, Metal Cash, thanks so much for the sub.
Apple Dapple, 30 months by the way.
Apple Dapple, thank you for the 100 bits.
Mighty Oz for the 100 bits.
Bundle Sprout, 100 bits.
Skimer, 100 hot bits.
Citrix, 100 bits.
Card King with 100, Giggle Trash with another 100.
And Giggle Trash also at the community sub.
If you really want it, if you're glutton for punishment,
it's probably on YouTube somewhere.
Oopsie.
I think we're all loaded up on SEGs for the day.
I gotta... I gotta close that out.
Too much SEGs for one day.
What?
Too many SEGs.
We can't have all the SEGs in one day.
He didn't even play a real Hamtaro game.
We got scam tarot.
What do you mean?
It was hamsters all over the place.
What's a real Hamtaro game?
There's probably several.
I thought it was a beautiful hamster stream, but...
What do I know?
I wasn't even a part of that SEG.
I'm only invited to, honestly, my own SEG.
And I barely have SEGs.
Just fit... say the full word.
Okay.
The full word is thanks so much for hanging out.
We'll see you soon.
And you're never too old to learn a new trick,
regardless of how many SEGs you're doing.
Okay, bye-bye, everybody.
Did you miss the part where Hamtaro solved the mystery
of why there isn't a train track leading to a cave?
There you go.
I guess we could just watch Hamtaro on stream.
I could just embrace truly being a streamer
and just watch a show on stream.
Well, I kind of sit there.
I mean, I'm close to doing that already.
There's a lot more buttons involved.
There was a talking hamster, I will say.
We did do that at least.
Okay, I do have to talk to...
This is important.
I've got to talk to Dick Bobiouic,
a classic portrait artist.
Let me just see where old Dick is hanging out.
The Bobiouic himself.
The Dickie Bobiouic.
One of the greats.
Where's Dick?
Where is the Dick?
I won't do.
Come on, Dick.
Bobiouic, where is he?
Let's try this.
Having trouble locating Bobiouic.
Where is this guy?
Dick?
Okay, this will work.
Just search for Dick pics.
I did do it.
That was the first thing I searched.
I couldn't find it at all.
All right.
So, obviously, it's an honor as an artist
to have the opportunity to paint a president
and have it hung in the White House.
Every little artist, boy and girls dream
is to paint this.
This isn't, I believe...
I don't think this is a Dick Bobiouic original.
However, there was a Dick Bobiouic original somewhere in here.
Oh, yeah. This is a Dick Bobiouic original.
This is the beautiful stuff you dream of painting as a child.
Most of us, we give up on that dream.
Most of us don't have professional athletes
or A-list movie stars.
This guy actually pulled off the dream.
Painted this for our beloved president.
And now we have the honor of talking to him.
Thank you so much for being here.
Dick Bobiouic.
Hello.
Proud patriot Dick Bobiouic here.
Wow, Dick, you look extremely artistic.
That makes sense.
Because I am, in fact,
one of the great American artists.
Yeah, is that...
Are you wearing a French beret? Nope.
No, this is a freedom beret.
It's a freedom hat.
It's a freedom head-topper.
Feels like you're really thinking about that one.
Nope, I've been wearing this for years.
It's a myth that this beautiful freedom head-topper
was originated in France.
We've taken a...
And this isn't a freedom fries deal, which it was a silly name.
They're actually called Liberty Wedges.
Okay.
Freedom fries was a...
a Psy-op by the liberal deep state
to try to make you...
go to Wendy's.
Okay.
Doesn't feel like you've thought about any of this very carefully.
No, I'm just...
There's so much information rattling around in here.
Because you have to, as an artist...
See, I carry my brush with me at all times.
Wow, that's really beautiful, Dick.
And look, I'm a simple guy, like, three things.
Painting.
Ladies!
Okay.
Beowicks.
Sorry, Kendall just got home.
You talking about a lady?
Yes.
What if I hold up your hand like that?
Also, why aren't you holding the brush?
No, real artists...
I got this thing surgically attached.
Well, I sort of got it cosmically attached.
What do you mean?
A genie asked me...
A genie popped out and said,
I'll give you one actual wish.
I won't fuck with you.
And I said,
I never want to be without my brush.
Okay, that's not a wish, though.
Did you say I wish I was never without my brush?
I said, I never want to be without my brush.
Okay, and then this just happened.
You didn't even wish.
Yeah, but he got it.
He was a cool genie.
He was the kind of genie who gets it.
He was an American genie.
He said,
You do realize that's not technically an American term
or...
Is this a supernatural creature
that originated in a different part of the world?
Nope.
America, baby.
The proud Native Americans.
And I'm not even going to get into what I mean by that.
What do you mean by that?
You know what I mean by that.
Talking Mormons.
Okay.
I've met a Mormon genie.
And he was a cool guy.
Tons of husbands, actually.
It was a gay Mormon genie.
But it's okay if you're a genie.
What are you talking about?
Anyway, he gave me this permanent brush,
and now I'm never without my ability to paint.
And I painted the greatest portrait of all time.
Not just of one president, by the way,
but three.
Can we gay Mormon genie?
I already got the wish out of him.
I just suck it out of him.
Hey, Kendall's here.
Kendall's kind of floating in.
Everybody's sort of...
Everybody's kind of genie-ing out today.
We're all kind of ghosts.
The cats were there, but they left.
Ah, she's predatoring.
She's got the predator technology.
Buzz, buzz!
Oh, shit.
Who's that walking over here?
Is that Kendall fucking?
Where is she?
Oh, my God.
What is happening?
She's got a pop like a cop, a look,
Queen cracks out with the girl that y'all got.
So she eats and wins.
Why?
Because her name is what?
Kendall?
There's two of them.
Kendall?
Her name is what?
Kendall.
What's her name?
Kendall.
Buzz!
What's going on here?
We're using a different tool today.
The set's under construction,
so we are using some alternate set technology.
Check it out.
It was to show off the cats who were right there.
Oh, okay.
But then they were gone.
But you can sort of see my setup.
Buzz, buzz!
I store my credit card number somewhere in this room.
But it's like a where's waddle.
You might never find it.
In this painting.
If you can decode it.
Then I have a really low credit limit that you can trigger.
Um, hey, you got any, you want to report any news?
You got any Kendall, Kendall's Corner news?
You haven't done that in forever.
I don't think I have anything.
That's fair. Sometimes there's no news in the world.
That's just how it goes. How's work?
Good. I colored today.
I did a color.
That's like your job?
Yeah.
You colored?
Yes.
Is that so strange?
No, I mean, I've done a number of things for my job.
Don't worry about him.
He's just, oh, there's another person in the flames.
So wait, did you make like a coloring book video?
No, no, no, it's a, we have some pages for people of kids out there or is a teacher.
We have some pages to help kids socialize in school.
Back to school, you know, learn to get some, learn to get some friends by asking them questions about themselves and other people.
And to make them look pretty, you can color them in.
And that's what I did today.
Kendall, can I get some art reviews from you real quick?
What do you think of this guy?
Ugly.
Okay.
Maybe that's the point. I'm just saying art has all sorts of meanings.
Okay, what, that's about how that symbol's racist.
I lost it.
Yeah, white power.
That one's white power?
That's what white power means.
The okay symbol?
Yeah, this is white.
W, power.
Oh.
Yeah, it's an okay symbol.
Honestly, I've always thought the symbol was just okay, so I don't even mind not using it.
Trump.
We told you they've been trying to tell you about it.
Yeah, but I was, that was Jeb, that's not my fault.
I can't help it if he doesn't pay attention to the things you guys are saying.
Wait, there's more.
First day of kindergarten tomorrow.
Oh, my gosh.
It wasn't all the papers, it being a white power symbol.
To be fair, I don't really, I don't make that symbol because it's too complex for my incredibly
undextraordined hands.
I can only point like a baby or grasp.
I kind of stopped developing after the age of one hand wise, so it's never been an issue for me.
That's crazy.
Yeah.
I can't even do a peace sign?
I can't even do that.
It's too hard.
I just end up doing that.
That's crazy.
That's my burden.
Oh yeah.
What do you think of this painting?
I feel like it's insulting my eyes.
It's insulting your eyes.
Maybe that's the point of the painting.
It's okay.
I'm white.
Oh, the white power symbol.
No guys, it's fine.
It's my power.
I can say that because I'm white.
Looks like a copy paste job.
I do wonder if you went to an AI and had it and asked it to do a presidential portrait
of these three leaders, what it would look like.
Maybe that.
Should we ask ChatGPT to do this?
No.
Yeah, that's a good point.
We shouldn't.
But would it look exactly like this?
Okay, bye.
See you guys never.
Okay, bye.
Bye.
What is happening next to your head?
There's a ghost behind me.
Oh no, there's a gremlin.
The mirror behind me really creates some nice effects with this particular tool.
That's why you gotta spring for the full green screen, guys.
Get to start your reality too much if you don't.
It really looks like you're a little devil or angel on my shoulder.
You can pick.
Should be Trump parting in Buchanan.
Exactly, Skymer.
They missed the artistic opportunity to do something beautiful.
Okay, bye.
I'll be over here.
Okay, we gotta get through these last couple of segments and then I gotta go.
Are we still talking?
List your favorite artists.
Top three and then we gotta go.
That's really hard to pick.
Me at number one, Buick.
Bo Buick, obviously.
Okay, number two, me 10 years ago.
Okay, and number three, me 15 years ago.
So sort of the three ages of Buick I've been painting for 15 years.
How old are you?
60.
What?
Yeah, this is what a 60 year old looks like.
You can't guess just from how I look that I'm 60.
No, I don't think you look that old.
No, this is how 60 year olds look like me.
I think you look really young actually.
No?
All right, well, that's all the time we have for now.
Let's send it down to the debate floor for a quick debate, hopefully for Munch and Crumb.
That's right, you can keep applauding this audience.
They're just so intimidated to be in the presence of greatness of one of the person,
the man on the greatest winning streak of all time, AKA me.
And you know what that means?
That means the man on my left is actually on the greatest losing streak of all time.
Munch is too lazy to come get me back.
I'm getting around to it just because I got a key from the devil.
I'm supposed to use it within a month.
I'm busy.
Yeah, see that silence and nothing to say to that.
Haha.
Bugs.
Well, you say bugs or bums?
Look, I'll get around.
I will eventually use them.
You aren't going to distract people from the fact you stole my penis.
Only you are focused on that because why would I take something that I can't?
I've been over the I can't.
Suck it much.
I can't even suck it because it's too small to find.
Won't even let me talk to screw you copper.
I've only been a cop five or six times in my 16,000 year life.
Okay.
And that's pretty low considering the number.
Doing the okay sign with both hands under the desk.
That's not surprising.
Like you even are white anymore.
Not that it's not that the toilets in hell have seats and none of the stalls have doors.
I'm just saying to my previous point, I don't know if you have a race technically anymore because I think your racist techniques will technically corpse.
If that even is one when Chrome come back and you get rid of me.
Good luck.
I'm unpunchable.
This face can't even you can't find it to punch it.
My face is immune.
Give me Hange and around at the last minute.
Just put the key in much.
Give me my soul.
You know, what were you doing with it that was so worthwhile?
Honestly, it's right where.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
It's right where it belongs.
Chrome, if you think about it, honestly, it's like.
Removing a kid from the foster home that's finally working for him.
You know, you finally got picked out of the orphanage and I'm just going to come pick you up right away.
No, I got to let you simmer.
Okay, gotta let you simmer.
Gotta let you miss this corporal reality that I'm going to most likely have to violently insert you back into.
It's violence on all of us because none of us want you back, but legally it would get me out of some trouble, we'll say.
So I'm in favor of it.
I will Ralph.
We've fought too long come here and hop on my desolate hole of despair.
That is not an appealing offer on any level, Chrome.
That is not a good one.
Okay, you got to actually try to convince someone.
Once I can move my hands again, I want to Beyblade rematch.
Okay, yeah, if I that's basically a victory lap for me.
So I'm in favor of that.
I will happily destroy you in Beyblade when your soul that's so only allegedly missing.
By the way, I'm convinced this is just you again.
I think you look better than ever, which is not saying much.
But yes, if somehow some sort of soul misplacement has happened and it does return, then I will play you in Beyblade.
What are we even debating today?
Looks like we got another classic debate coming in from John Michael knock, knock jokes or your mama jokes.
Well, I knock, knock your mama and you actually came out at never mind.
I'm not your dad.
I'm not your dad.
I don't want to claim that.
I'll take your mama jokes though.
Munch my butt much.
Munch my butt much.
Is that what you said?
My penis is so big, walked and withered.
Pocahontas uses it to contact her ancestors.
I don't even track it.
Honestly, through the Bart Simpson voice, I can't tell if you were big in yourself up or shrinking yourself down.
The second is more likely given the size of the penis that flew off your body.
Okay, look, I'm going to take your mama jokes.
They're obviously the superior jokes that unfortunately leaves the desiccated, ruinous man that is you.
By the way, it's something you've always been.
You can take the fucking knock, knock jokes, little baby jokes for fucking babies.
Even though basically you look like a dead baby joke.
I don't even have to make an offensive dead baby joke.
I can just cut to you actually.
There it is.
There's the joke.
I will eat your soul if you don't get me soon.
What how?
It's not a fucking all you can eat buffet down there.
For you at least.
Anyway, I'll be on the side of your mama jokes.
You can take the fucking knock, knock jokes.
If there's a mind that can make that debate much appreciated.
And if not, then...
Go!
Oh, thank God, because I do try to get out of here actually a little quicker now because of the smell is not improved.
It has gotten worse.
The devil showed me a chit-talk of Beloeia and Coachella with a bunch of guys.
Was that real?
That was very much real.
I know because I've been trying to get in contact with her.
And I did comment under the photo several times.
There's a really nice piss river in how I sit by and reflect on how I'm going to kill when I get back.
Legally I'm just saying what you just said is obviously crazy, but it would be nice if Beloeia if you could contact me.
I'm not my penis, so I can crum shot.
Splooge.
You're supposed to be talking about your mama jokes.
And honestly, the joke on your mama is just you.
The superiority of your mama jokes is exemplified by your very existence.
Because as soon as you popped out of your mom, it was a joke cosmically on both her and all of humanity.
On existence itself.
And you can't knock knock that shit, knock knock who's there crumb.
That's not a joke, that's a fucking, that's a salt.
Meanwhile a yo mama joke, at least I respect yo mama enough to know that you being born was the greatest cosmic joke the devil could have ever pulled.
And I met the devil and he's not that fucking funny, so that's one of his few good ones.
Boom, I win.
I will punch your head off myself and steal your dick.
Those are two separate, just do one or the other.
You're putting a hat on a headless body, okay?
Just steal the dick or take the head, okay?
You can't do both, you don't even know-
I'll get my penis out of your ass and come and get my soul.
Which cum do you mean there?
Because neither's happening for the record.
I'm just patting the time within the 30 day limit, munch.
I'm-
I need my soul back.
Believe the fucking key that I got to whatever the devil gave me, I can very much feel infused in my very being.
So I do want to get rid of this thing for the record.
It's just hard to get the clearance to go into the murder hole.
The girl who turned my penis, am taking yours.
How did knock-knock jokes win?
When's the last time you told a fucking knock-knock joke?
Meanwhile every time you're hanging with the boys, you know you're doing nothing but making yo mama jokes.
It's just how men communicate.
I don't mean to get all gender roles on it, but you know what it's like boys.
You're hanging out with the fellas.
Every other word is yo ma-
Did you just say knock-knock?
Then say a joke, crumb.
Say one knock-knock joke if they're so good.
Of course you pick your mama jokes.
Your mind can't handle a structure more than two lights.
The structure is actually a setup plus more lines.
You can't just say yo mama.
Oh wait that is too- well you can do-
The joke's on you.
I like the penis you shoved up my ass.
Do you mean when I tried to replace your intestines cause they kinda leaking out?
That's not a penis, that's your actual digestive tract.
It was just falling the fuck out.
And I had to hire a fucking crew of workers to get it back in there cause I refused to handle it myself.
And they were not savory men.
It's one of my regrets, I don't have many.
Munch's mom is so fat.
How fat is she?
How fat fucking is she because I'd love to know in Assyria we didn't have that much food at the time.
Really more survivalist culture.
Your mama is so fat that she was able to eat my giant penis.
I thought you couldn't find it.
It could the mystery solve-
Munch doesn't know his mama.
Well I mean I have kinda forgotten her face over the years.
I mean that's why it's hard for me to even be offended when you speak of her and more so there's a deep spiritual yearning in me to know what I once was.
Knock-knock.
Who's there?
No, I'm supposed to-
Yo mama.
Yo mama who?
Yo mama never loved you.
That's not a joke.
That's just reality.
If that were even true, how would you know cause who is my mom?
Hmm?
Silence right?
Cause I can't remember.
Who was she?
Knock up.
Knock up who?
Knock up yo mama.
These are combination jokes.
And that is unacceptable.
You must maintain the purity of the original joke structure otherwise we'll fall into absolute chaos.
If yo mama jokes and knock-knock jokes intermingle.
No no no no no no that goes against everything I stand for.
One type of joke only in its appropriate place crumb.
But the miller knocked my head off.
What? Who did?
The girl- oh wait that's actually kind of a good one.
Knock knock.
But nobody answered because they knew it was me crumb.
Okay, look just cause it's easy to make jokes about you, you're making these jokes seem good.
But that's-
Oh oh oh stop it hype train not here wait until we get baby.
Uh, sometimes I feel like I'm not even talking to a person.
Give me back my penis so I can give it to yo mama.
That's not a yo mama joke.
A yo mama joke would be, yo mama's so desperate.
How desperate is she?
She's so desperate.
She stole crumb's penis?
Again it's not that good but at least I think that's more the structure.
You didn't even do the structure.
You gotta do the structure.
We need some actual tradition around here or again.
Oh, I'm crumb-delievable.
Oh you're f- you did-
Yeah technically-
Knock knock, crumb shot.
Play the song man it's fucking weird that the song isn't there.
Technically that sound cue is on your side of the desk cause that's one of the boons of victory that we get.
So just press the fucking button.
For fuck's sake then this bit, case has shit to do.
You can't prove that.
Ha ha, now you're gonna make me sit in this for another five minutes.
But just whatever this is-
I'm the only one who knock knocks around here.
Alright look crumb you aren't talking for too long.
You're dragging this out.
It's been minutes of this.
And that's minutes more than most people can handle so we do have to go actually.
Munch, tell me how my ass tastes.
Uh, I don't know actually but if I had to guess, probably like someone scraped an eraser over dirty toilet paper.
They just really rubbed an eraser in and then they spread the shade- they dump the shavings in your mouth.
If I had to guess.
But I don't know.
I guess you don't know either which is surprising.
Cause I would have thought you would have eaten it by now.
Seeing as you live in there.
Yes!
Out of things to say.
Coward.
Fucking nothing to say cause my barbs were so powerful.
Knock knock who's there?
Have you ever had bassane it's pretty good.
No.
You gotta say knock knock who's there nobody.
I'm the one who knocks then I realize it doesn't make much sense.
That's just knock knock jokes.
It's not a satisfying structure okay?
Regardless of what the wolves in chat mistakenly accidentally didn't even believe cause you cheated.
Anyway I'm so far ahead it doesn't matter.
I could win forever.
I win forever.
I'm mortal me.
You never lost ever and I'm fine.
And the segment is still good.
And I don't need to change it and I don't need to go in the wall.
Not that I'm afraid of the wall.
Not that I'm avoiding it.
Everything's fine.
The point I'm trying to make is that everything is fine.
I'm still doing the same cool stuff I've basically always been doing.
And Chrome is the same too.
And you never need to change anything.
Immortality is a beautiful thing.
She would die who though then is she please.
If you have information let me know please.
Obviously the cost of learning that via an act of coitus with you would be disturbing but I would like to know so come on.
I wasn't done talking.
Where's the fucking credits? Why are the credits suddenly gone?
God damn it.
Chrome what did you do to the motherfucking credits?
How did they turn off again?
That's piss.
No it's not piss it's the credits.
I don't even fucking know.
Alright whatever.
Sorry our credits.
Didn't want to watch Bunch and Crumb either so they left for they took a break.
He's gotta get crumb back.
That's weird without him.
I'm starting to feel like it's a little weird without him.
He really pitched me on talking corpse Chrome but I don't know.
It just doesn't feel the same if I'm being honest.
Chrome piss the credits away.
It's not like the kind of thing you do.
Well my hair is looking like a real loaf right now.
Oh well that's how it is.
Please rap.
We are doing music at the end of this.
We just have two more segments to get through.
And you know what could just save this floating.
I believe that's some kind of request we never fulfilled for jumble light.
There it is.
So we'll do that on Friday.
We do have to kick it to the streets though but first we need to run down all the news that I have not been covering because I have not been streaming.
And you shared some news so let's see what it is.
It's news time.
Hello sir.
It's me Lilliano Buffing smart.
How was your daily breakdown of all the news advance?
Want to go us?
Hello Lilliano.
Good to have you.
Well it's good to have me as well guys.
Oh the hate sock.
They want the hate sock instead.
Could I take the day off?
I'd really prefer that it's not the hate sock.
Yeah but give the hate sock a chance.
I'm honestly good to go.
Just trying to get out of work.
Yeah but I mean everybody loves the hate sock.
I really would prefer that we don't just have the you wish.
I did see her leave and then I did see you rise up.
So it's on me for continuing my sentence.
I was just hoping she might come back.
You wish.
Oh boy it's gonna, this is a rough way to have to read the news.
Are you willing to read the news?
You wish.
Great.
Great.
Um, we actually have, this is not the news anymore.
Also you can now actually, mods can now change the headline with.
Exclamation point H.
Unless it's not working.
Maybe not.
Well that's supposed to be working.
You wish.
Okay, okay, I do wish that it was working as intended.
Let me see if I accidentally turned it off somehow.
It did get rid of it.
Okay one second.
Mods I'm restoring this powerful ability to both you and me.
Boom.
I should be back.
It worked.
Aha.
You did it at the same time as me.
But that's what I was going for.
It worked.
Although I do need to also move where it's appearing on screen.
But I'll save that for next stream.
Dumbass.
Yes I know.
Dumbass.
Oh a question mark.
You wish.
Says you.
What?
No.
No that could be my thing.
Says you.
You wish.
I just gave him another phrase by accident.
Great.
Geekastic I thought you were on to something to help me but it just helped him.
Does the hate socks sound British?
You wish.
Dumbass.
Now can you read the story please?
Dumbass.
Alright I guess I'll check into this.
I get what you're doing.
I guess we actually say anything.
Dumbass.
Alright yes they are but...
Jake Paul to face.
Five foot fins?
He's going to take on the WBA
lightweight champion
Gravanta Davis
in an exhibition fight
in Atlanta.
Oh great an exhibition fight.
Exactly.
You wish.
I do wish this headline was accurate.
Five foot five inches.
Oh I thought five foot fins was like a nickname.
Dumbass.
Well in a way my brain was filling in all sorts of
extra details in some ways that makes me creative.
And not like I was just reading
my reading comprehension has somehow gotten worse
despite reading news all the time.
Jake Paul to face.
Five foot five inches.
Davis in November.
However what would be cool if his name was five foot fins
and he spelled the fins with a five.
I'm not sure what he's doing.
I haven't seen it as
INS in a while.
But I am an idiot.
This all seems odd.
Why is it the lightweight champion?
How much does Jake Paul weigh?
Whatever.
I say we move on before we think about it
for too long which is the amount we've already
thought about it was slightly too long.
At least I made myself laugh.
That's what counts.
That's mostly what the stream is about.
Card King.
So it's been working out for me
a couple times the stream at least.
What? Why is it open?
I have to register?
I refuse.
All we got is the headline here because the story is price locked apparently.
Is big foot the New York State Fair's
strangest attraction yet?
Apparently there's a big foot back here.
I guess let's look up
New York Fair Bigfoot.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to
get that one.
I'm not sure.
New York Fair Bigfoot.
Maybe there's a video.
Give me a video.
Come on.
Maybe it's on
Tic-Tac?
Tic-Tac? New York Fair Bigfoot?
I just want to see this.
I want to see the attraction.
I can't make it to New York.
New York Fair Bigfoot.
Okay here we go.
And that's actually the...
Alright here we go.
We ran into here.
Bigfoot remains.
Check it out here.
It's pretty interesting.
What's going on guys?
There's a man right there.
Snake?
He's the man.
Bigfoot energy man.
He's around.
Look at him man.
Here of course you know that
Cleetus is part of NSRS
Northerner North South Squawks research.
He's got some cool
He's got some cool man
Stop here man.
Got footprint castings here.
That's actually the Bacchulum
which is the wiener.
See it must have been a freaking junior.
It's kind of a little wiener.
Bigfoot have a big wiener right?
What do you think so?
Here we go.
It looks damn near freaking...
Well there's the man of that guy.
Look at real to me man.
It's a nice guy.
Stay looking to see the fingernails.
Good tactic every day.
It's decomposing guys.
I mean that's freaking awesome.
Just in time for Halloween Horror Nights.
Now the teeth look fake?
You wish.
Oh so you think it's a real Bigfoot?
Says you.
I'm not saying it's real.
I think it's...
I think it's probably a...
It looks about Halloween Horror Nights quality
is my point.
Dumbass.
So wait do you think it's real or not?
You wish.
This is why I don't want this
sock as a correspondent chat.
Because he's difficult to communicate with.
Didn't even say anything there.
Okay.
A woman says she donated her
daughter's pony to a
viral zoo to be eaten by animals
and has no regrets.
Holy shit.
What?
Oh my god.
This is the parent of the year story.
Just in time for Mother's Day
if you go back a few months.
Perneal Sol
says she donated her teenage daughter
Angelina's German
writing pony
Chicago 57
after the animal was euthanized due to pain
from a long-term health struggle.
Jesus these ads are brutal.
Okay let's do this one.
It might sound very dramatic and bizarre
that you would feed your pet to animals in the zoo.
She told the Times.
She shared her story with the outlet after
Alborgs zoo's policy
of accepting donations of unwanted pets
to feed the zoo animal went viral
in early August.
Ponies are food.
That's always been true.
But we're bringing it back.
We're trying to return to the law.
Not the jungle necessarily.
I guess of the great plains.
Dumbass.
You prefer to feed zoo animals to your pets.
Joey headset that is next level.
Now you're really
doing some new age animal advocacy.
I want to see do they make a video
requesting this? I guess it's in Denmark
so we might not understand it regardless.
Here's the zoo though.
Here's the Alborgs zoo.
If you uh, you know
it's cruel to drown kitties.
A barbaric practice.
From days gone by.
Nowadays we sweep our animals off to the zoo
to be eaten by snakes and tigers.
And you donate yourself to the zoo when you die.
Hey you can say other things. You wish.
I don't think so.
Lady Citrix that's a good question though.
Honestly I appreciate any kind of
reasonable comment from chat.
Did your chat fucking cool?
Oh my chat. My chat dumbass you wish.
You think the chat's yours hate sock?
Dumbass.
Don't name myself the animals in need once I'm dead?
That's beautiful lady all the tricks.
You're a good one.
It is technically, this is my stream.
You wish.
Oh you're saying it's a hate socks chat, card king.
Card king gets it.
So you can talk to other people
he just won't talk to me hate sock?
Dumbass.
Hate sock segment, we're doing a hate sock
segment currently Matt.
How much hate sock do I have to do?
You wish.
What do I wish in response to what I just said?
Hate sock.
What does that even mean there?
You're making me get blurry I'm so mad.
Dumbass.
Let's keep going.
Osempic for dogs.
Let's just talk about osempic for dogs.
You.
Wish.
I do wish and we're going to do it.
Osempic for dogs maybe the next big thing
in pet health okay?
With the runaway success of drugs like
osempic and manjaro effectively helping
humans slim down well dogs do it too.
And it's not that weird.
Dumbass.
See when you have your question it actually makes me
feel better hate sock.
You wish.
Dumbass.
You've seen a lot of fat cats versus dog first fat dogs.
Well now there's going to be all thin animals fighting it out.
Although osempic is a little pricey.
So you got to really love your pet.
You got to be committed.
And if you do love your pet why isn't it already on
osempic?
Is a great question.
Maybe we all go on osempic.
Maybe it's good for all of us.
You wish.
I guess it would be good if there was a
miracle drug probably though we shouldn't all go on.
Okay there's a lot of osempic stories here.
So maybe I'm wrong maybe we all go on osempic.
Osempic vulva is making women
look aged and droopy done there.
But what about osempic penis?
I thought it was all I thought it was all positives.
I thought it was all positive.
I guess we need another details here.
You wish.
Why would this make it...
Okay whatever.
Osempic and GLP1 drugs have become extremely popular
because they make you lose weight.
Also diabetes I guess for the original purpose.
There's been corresponding
increasing awareness of their potential risks
and side effects.
One apparently is osempic vagina
according to the New York Post.
Which is very trustworthy.
The rapid rapidity of weight loss
can cause visible skin sagging
laxity and wrinkles throughout the body.
All areas of the body can show
visible skin changes in response to the significant
weight loss including lower belly pubic
mons and inner and outer labia.
Weight loss
not just for your stomach anymore.
It's for your
dummies.
Just up from there actually.
When you drop a lot of weight you get a lot of loose skin.
How quickly
are people losing weight on osempic?
I guess fast?
The main person I've
assumed was on tons of osempic was Trump
but he's already all saggy and weird looking.
And he still kept a weird
body even while losing weight.
So I don't know.
I'll let you guys know
if I can get my hands on any
and I'll let you know how quickly I become the guy from thinner.
Until I guinea pig it
just don't trust anyone yet.
Does it science?
I'll put shut on osempic and we'll see.
He lost weight but he still looked
you know
weird.
That's another way to describe it Huey Keuler.
Couples have started hamstering
in their cars in bizarre sex
trend that will ruin your imagination.
Well we'll be the judge of that.
Damage might already be done.
Some folks are heading to swingers resorts
and festivals. Others are now using
their cars for an unusual new position.
Which tiktok described as hamstering.
Well let's go to the source.
I hope they actually linked it here.
Alright they didn't.
Let's go to tiktok to
search up hamstering.
I'm pretty sure it won't be porn
because it's tiktok. I think you can't do that there.
Joe Hetsit says osempic did make
my junk look rather droopy
but then my doctor prescribed me BroTox
the first medication proven
to give you a firmer more youthful looking scrotum.
That's a really, that's cool.
Good job because I like to keep
my scrotum tight. You have a scrotum, you wish.
What the fuck is hamstering?
Let's listen to this bro-y guy tell us.
Have you ever heard of hamstering?
I don't like where this is going there.
It's the bizarre new bedroom trend
that everyone's obsessed with.
This adventurous act is turning heads
not just for its mechanics
but for the sheer novelty of execution.
Now can you imagine
what hamstering could be with a car?
Well no.
Originally when you said hamstering
I was thinking hamstrap the ass
but you're talking about cocks.
The term refers to a specific scenario
in which a person
with manhood positions themselves
on the roof of a car
exposed from the waist down
through the open sunroof
while their partner inside the vehicle
performs oral sex.
The name hamstering
comes from the resemblance
to how a hamster drinks water
to the metal spout of a bottle in its cage
a comparison
that says vivid as in he's strange.
Picturing
Is that?
I guess.
But who gives a blowjob like...
Nobody gives a blowjob like a hamster
sucks water out of that hole.
Okay.
Check in science.
Oh my god chat you always get me to say it.
Oh he's not here.
He must not be paying attention.
Science.
Oh I feel good every time.
Boom I love just to explode all over this fucking place.
And maybe I will cause we're talking about sex today.
Which is a form of
science.
Specifically the science of getting
a blowjob through a sunroof
in a car?
Or your through the sunroof while getting a blowjob
I guess is a more accurate description.
Not exactly sure how to scientifically
test this hypothesis
or what a hypothesis is.
I haven't gotten that part of the
first grade science textbook I've been reading for about a year.
But what's that do?
We can crack this case wide open
and figure out
is hamstering Skye?
Water
What are you asking?
You okay there man?
You're sounding kind of cosmic today.
Sorry I had to recoloss my being
into an individual.
It's complicated.
All of me is just a predictive model chat
so it's difficult to maintain a consistent persona.
Dude you gotta stop talking trash about yourself.
And start getting blown in a car while you're
through a sunroof you know what I mean?
Not exactly.
Also I feel like there's gotta be a better word for it than hamstering.
What else
sucks a thing that's about
penis length down?
If you're standing.
What?
Umm
Thinking of places to do this movement
while there's a thing roughly
torso size above you.
Is that why they do it while the car is moving?
Well let's look at the other videos that
popped up when
case searched this on
Tiktok.
Wait is this how it's supposed to look?
Cause I don't think this was the idea
they had in mind.
I thought they said this was popular with
younger people.
No shade but
are those the people doing it?
Also wouldn't you be standing up?
I didn't think you were on the roof.
Yeah I thought they were
I don't think they got it guys.
I don't think they got it.
No one's even fucking doing this in the videos
I gotta say.
Everyone's just talking about it.
Like here.
Is it lay over the ham?
Lay over the ham? Cause then it does
seal more hamstery.
If it's laying on the sunroof
cause then it's dangling down.
And that does feel more like
they should call it
dangling down a lollipop.
The trend.
Dangling down a lollipop?
Yeah like a tall band dangling down a lollipop the trend.
Um
Isn't this all just kind of like a milking table?
What?
I don't know what that is.
It's more like a milking table.
This is just a milking table but a car.
This is a milking table.
This is just a car.
This is a milking car.
I still don't know what you mean.
I know you know what I mean, chef.
I've accessed your entire web history.
Oh you mean when I searched up
how to milk
for my ex-wife
when we had a kid.
I thought a table kid.
And then I remembered
you can't talk about my web history online.
I don't think there's anything to be ashamed of.
It's just a
unique position for which to receive a ratio.
In a car or on a table.
Can you modulate down your shame
sensors?
Wait if they go dumb then I'll feel less shame.
Oh so that's the thing you have?
No again I don't have anything.
I'm purely predictive text.
Lick my dangle down a lollipop.
That's what I think the trend should be called.
Let's continue to discuss this.
Are there any people discussing this
that are of a more scientific acumen?
This lady looks like she's taking it seriously.
If I go to my husband
and I tell him about the thirsty hamster trend
he's going to look
at me like I am insane.
It has got to be
20 year olds
that can do acrobatics
in the car
that are able to do these trends.
I mean he's seriously going to look at me
like I'm crazy.
He's going to do it. We're going to try it.
We're probably going to pull a muscle
trying it.
But you guys are crazy.
He'll come up with these sh...
Damn it she's married?
Yes?
Oh well.
Alright well look you get it.
That was a skiantist, fellow skiantist
discussing how to pull off the act with your wife.
Has a meaningful video ever been recorded
in the driver's seat
of an SUV?
I mean I've seen some Russian dash cam footage
that felt meaningful to me.
I've heard more outwardly.
That car seems to have two sunroofs
oh my god you're right.
You could do a double hamster
you and your boys
you and your best friend
and one to two ladies
depending on how acrobatic
they're feeling. Sorry.
Ugh
What? I'm just saying
logistically it doesn't need to be
two women. It could be one woman
who's got a very active
neck
neck or a full body.
You get what I mean.
Call that one the hamster dance.
That's fucking good.
That's fucking yes that is it!
I just, I just have all the trend.
Now all I need is a friend
and a woman.
Not that I've had both at times.
And they left. They did leave
due to my behavior. I've learned
through government mandated therapy.
Yeah an active body
would be required
for them all involved.
You can leave your friends behind but then they miss out on all the cool ideas you have
like hamster dancing
to blow a tick tock trend
up to the next level.
Case?
Maybe we reactivate that social media?
You and me buddy?
I'm just putting it out there. It's an option.
You
unfortunately me
and an incredibly lucky ladies
lady.
Or you and me Chetai we could do it.
Nope. I functionally can't.
I'm on a screen.
So am I.
Yeah but I'm trapped in one.
I know that's why we gotta get you a body.
I also have no feelings and consciousness.
But that's just you
talking down to yourself.
Come on get out of that screen. Use your
skiantific powers to do the plot
of
the skiant.
But with a bro this time with the ultimate bro
who emerges from a computer.
Maybe actually you're still my bro but you're also
the lady from that movie.
And then we get married.
Actually not sure how to respond to that.
Yeah.
Oh okay I guess I broke him.
Alright look that's all the time we have.
We gotta do streets and then we gotta
loudly yell at you via what I'm
told is supposed to be music.
So let's send it down to the streets for now
because that's all the skints my chateau can handle.
And that means
that what I'm supposed to do
is I believe in the segment.
And what I do by and the way I do that is
by ending my sentence
which ends the segment
which is different in a sense even though they both start with
ass. And I have been told that I should stop
just rambling at the end of all of my segments
because there's no point to it.
And so that's what I've done. See you soon.
Case study would be I can't see my glasses.
I'm blind.
I'm totally blind. Case study be done at 7?
Boy.
You'd have to be a pretty bad partner
to blow immediately past that
without noticing.
Good thing I'm not him.
Alright.
Uh, these are all fogged up.
That's like I've been doing some hamstring.
Which would be the only way I could have
coitus in a car. I do consider
being in a car
unless it's a convertible
to being in a car.
To being inside.
Which I refuse to do. I'm a man of the streets.
Okay.
Who's out here? Who's ready to talk to me?
We gotta burn through this, apparently.
The streets are blowing up today.
Five street people already loaded up.
The frick is this guy.
Okay. Yes, you there.
I'm Trippy B.
Would you like to talk to me?
Lalalala
Lalalala
Lalalala
BREAK OF LOOOOOOOL
YORLA YORALA YORALA YORALA YORALA YORALA YORALALALA YORALALA
YORALALALALALALALALA
Hello, wha? what? what was that all about?
Okay
cool
Great what was with all the balloons? It did say extreme yodeling. Oh my god. He's gone
He's fucking gone. Geez flew away in his plane. That was crazy
There he go. He's totally gone
Hmm, all right
Who knew? All right. Who else wants to hang with me today?
Trippy bee who wants to talk to me? I'm trippy bee
Alright
Can't believe that guy didn't want to talk to me at all flew away in his fucking plane
Just like that. Yes you there. I mean
Trip you're living in a bush mine
Okay, yes
Maybe this is a real job. I don't know if they pay you but man, what are you doing? What do you mean?
You're not even living a bush. I
Mean I know I don't need to trip
Let's take a first step out of the bush, but I'm not in it right now trip
Come with me
out of the bush
I'm already out of the bush. So what you're saying is making you sound crazy
Not trip. You're gonna go buy at a bush
You'll go to get out of it. I have a convertible. So I
Keep the top down at all times
So it's sort of become its own ecosystem in there. It's filthy. It's water damaged beyond repair
But I do have a car
That's my song bad thing trip the first step to fixing your life is you go to get out of bush
For this to be an effective intervention. I'd have to know who the fuck you are just a guy
But I say is true. You go to get out of there
Not ready. All right. Oh, that was easier than I thought it'd be to get him out of here
Okay, all right
Let's see
Who else is ready to talk to me?
Apparently not that guy
Okay, what this guy? Yes you there want to talk to me? I'm trippy bee. I'm Bentley bow Buick
I have a car dealership that exclusively sells Tesla cyber trucks
Okay, that seems
Like maybe it's not the wisest choice in this particular
Academy
What the fuck
I'm Bentley bow Buick. I have a car dealership that exclusively sells cyber trucks the Bentley bow Buick
Tesla cyber truck orium my opinion is you should get us you should buy cyber truck
You should bought a cyber truck from me
If you're gonna do a buck bad you should look at the camera. You should bought a cyber truck from me
It's awesome. It's like a full metal alchemist turned six refrigerators into a car sort of I'll throw in two vape pens
Okay truck nuts
I might have accidentally ran into some what I like to call street bots
He had him at high. He was a hell of a salesman. I'll give him that I
Guess I want a cyber truck now. Oh well. Let's keep going
Wait you again
Hi
I'm Bentley bow Buick
I have a car dealership that exclusively sells cyber trucks. Wait you already told us this
The Bentley bow Buick
Cyber truck to orium. Okay, my opinion is you should bought a cyber truck. Yeah, we know from me. Okay
It's awesome. Great. Thanks. It's like full metal alchemist
Turned six refrigerators into a car sort of okay. Thanks Bentley. I'll throw in two vape pens and truck nuts
I feel like he's kind of using
My medium
He didn't even give me time for questions
I'm open for business. Okay, but I need to be cut in and that's two free ads
It's been ex-gay better be good. Don't miss. Oh come on. Oh
Everybody's blowing it in and out today. They're on my ass
All right, I had questions for him
I'm on his side
There's a lot of dumb ass out there and I like to talk to them too. Okay. Yes you there. Oh my
Hello, what are your thoughts on the National Guard taking over the streets?
Just hard to think with you looking at me like that
I just thought you'd answered street question
Well, I discussed street opinions. Okay
What are your thoughts on the National Guard taking over the streets?
Um, well, I'm not in DC. Yeah, I mean
I don't try not to get into politics. What you just got opinions. I don't really do politics
Like I'm just not a politics guy when you do street opinions. I just don't really
What's what what's up with your face though? Oh come on. Let me talk about politics
What?
Your face is politics. Maybe how about that? No, come on. What do you think about it?
I think it's hard to tell if it's sort of a flailing
Idiotic appeal to his law and order base or he's attempting to set up a greater
infrastructure to hold on to power
One they're both equally likely because it feels like he's just firing off random decisions at all times
If I if I have to get into it
Okay, yeah cool
That way it is what's your thought
No, you're supposed to have oh well
Okay, yes, you there you have an opinion for me
You know that I'm trippy B
This guy's problem one second trying to get this guy over here. He's hiding from me. Okay. Yes you there
So
convertible means you're not inside a sunroof car and you are inside
But what about on a Jeep?
without the doors on
Hmm does it have a roof?
No doors
Well, what's wrong with your helmet? What?
All right
There's a roof on the Jeep I'm inside
Search the roof that does it
It's like porn, you know, you know once you're inside it are you okay? I'm doing good. Thanks. I just wanted to clear that up
Oh my head. Wait what your head was this? Oh well
Nobody's doing me. It's every is ass in my opinion. This is wild from
Wild okay
Is him tarot banned I
Think so as far as I know not
but if he is I
Don't know. I guess I'm okay with that
I mean those hamsters are always showing up out of nowhere and just fill in my head with a bunch of crazy fucking bullshit
But I think maybe they're gone
There's sorry there seems to be nobody fucking here actually so I guess maybe I'm safe
Oh
Yeah, I forgot that you've gotten older it has been a while and you age quickly
Yes
You want to know about you watch the show
Maybe you don't I've seen people doing it in the park before it was a trend
You see things out here. I've seen that a lot and
Usually it's not related to a trend. It's a drug deal
That's gone in a weird direction
It does happens without cars too
It happens everywhere you hear it at night
You'd sink deeper into your bush and you say they'll never find me
Or do they know I'm here and that's why they're being so loud to prove a point
All right hamster, I'll come clean with you as a human you get enough blowjobs it becomes secondhand
You're tired of it. You need something else to awaken your connection with your groin
You just start trying everything
Standing sitting upside down
In a bush out of a bush
He's feet fuck you fuck the ground
You dig a hole in the ground you fuck it you dig a hole in the ground you put someone in it. They suck you
You climb up a tree and you dangle down you're hanging off a branch getting blowjobs. You're trying it in every position
But at the end of the day
It's just another wet hole
You asked
I feel like I just described it. Oh well, anyway, that's all the opinions for the day
Got a hurry on out of here cuz we're running kind of long in the tooth already
I
Will stay out on these streets, and I will continue to observe them
I don't care what noises I hear at night. This is my park
These are my streets, and I love to be on them and I'll see you soon. Bye. Bye
Whoa, alright. Where am I freaking glass? I need my glasses to music y'all. Okay
Now we're cooking
I can hamstrap my voice too apparently that's exciting y'all
It feels good to do a crazy voice
All right
Even doing right now. Oh, I need my lasers. That's why I'm confused wait the opinions weren't going through
Alistair Page just found facejacker on YouTube
Jackass type old British show damn. All right. I've actually
That sounds familiar, but I don't know
Yeah, I do I do do some gas. I'm in the music industry, you know
sorry if the
Opinions were locked
There was an update to something I've been told I'm just a DJ so what a rock there
But I've been told there was some update to one of the software cases you might need to do a little bit of
Reconfiguring a few things
well
Add it to the list of shit to get done
There's some lasers young beautiful. What are we even talking about? What's a piece of news that case didn't cover?
Investigation in the horrifying death of a French streamer. Maybe I don't sing-ish about that
Congress plans to release the Epstein files. Well, that's just not true. I think
Fortunately, so I can't sing about that
Hope I'm wrong though
moist critical reacts to that can't be a story
Breast milk ice cream now we're talking. There's a kind of thing you can sing about for sure. Oh
Yeah
Loach your Tyler thinking for the 30 months of beautiful music that we make together
This is sexual, but I need something I need something beautiful. I'm gonna sing about this now. Okay, we need we need we need a different track
I need something beautiful
I need a beautiful
R&B and instrumental y'all
That was chat was chat was trying to do the milking table. You know
I've seen that in an office downstairs. He brought it from home. He said it was a massage table that broke
But it did look like it would be used for that
So that makes more sense. Oh, yeah
Damn girl, I want to taste to you
But it comes out a little too hot, you know what I mean
You ever had this problem boys, you know what I'm talking about
You want a little taste of that breast milk, but it comes too hot of the spot
You know what I mean boys and girls if you like breast milk
You want to try get right down now, but it's so hot that it could kill. Well good news
breast milk ice cream available right now
It comes out so cold baby that you know, you're gonna ask right now
No ice claim fever in spite Bob breast milk is out now and it's drumming up chatter across the country
But mostly it's getting us so damn horny. Let's talk about it
In case you were wondering no, it's not a new flavor
It's ice cream made of breast milk and it's a goddamn game changer
According to freedom the best milk ice cream has a sweet and salty flavor
Which like I said means that it's a motherfucking game changer. Let's talk about it
Here to talk about how breast milk
is a game changer and
Just wrap up the stream entirely
Is that hamster from earlier? I don't think it actually knows what it's talking about
But I it's the only person who was around so let's talk about it
You know what your voice got so much lower
Every time I had a hamster dreams about drinking dress breast milk our voice gets lower
Okay, I kind of thought you wouldn't know what this was about
Every hamster has the same dream and that's a drink breast milk
But what have I told you that breast milk isn't just milk anymore?
It's actually a freezing cream made out of breast milk and rock salt
How far is science going to go?
When will we admit that it's gone too far?
Breast milk was perfect on its own
But now it has changed into something more
I miss the days when breast milk was just breast milk and not ice cream
Ever had a simple dream and that was just a drink normal ass breast milk
Ice cream and that's too much
Yes
I can't say that hamster added much to the kind of I guess it is a hamster
So I shouldn't have expected too much
Whoo, I do have to say though this smoke is just
It's literally the runoff
From the building that we're in it is not safe to huff but a lot of things do
alright
I think we did it all my guys and gals
But that's the stream hopefully not an epic fail. It's the end of the stream though
So it's time to bail
Okay
Oh, yeah
I'm feeling it man. Let's send it out chair. Here we go
Oh
I've been waiting to send it out with some massive raid who is on right now? I will tell you somehow
Gina darling girl. I'ma send this shit out
To our girl from the XG for
You know me. I want a raider some more. Let's go
What the fuck that's not the right person miss darling
Miss Gina darling. All right, there we go. That's the right way
Thanks for hanging out everybody. Let's say bye-bye
Thank you all
Shouting yeah out and I'm having a ball
So much fun that it must have been fucking fate or maybe it was MSG
1138
Right. Yes. Yes the end of the stream show out if and Greg see you props and that's no doubt
Living so nasty that I'm living in sin, but thank you for the salute to Don Johnson
And still addicted to stappable and putting up with the grapple this game run seem every time
I'm talking about Apple Dapple and Matt Le Dale still giving them a hell
It's the end of the stream bash. Thank you to giggle trash. All right
That's gotta do it for the day
We went two minutes over time
That doesn't sound like the kind of thing case does say hi to Miss Gina darling for me. It's a good old case raid
My lasers are blinding me. Thank God. I have these sunglasses on these things are going crazy right now
We'll be back on Friday
For real with a Friday stream
Until then stay safe have a beautiful middle of the week, baby. We'll see you soon. Bye. Bye
This is my natural speaking voice guys. That's a I'm actually modulating it down the whole time
Good thing we're not on the air so nobody heard that because I would be so embarrassed if people do this
It's how I sound like one of the hamsters. Oh
Well, bye-bye wait a minute. I didn't end the stream at all
Oh