I'm Papita, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Case Blackwell said thank you Dr. Cole.
We share a nickname and that makes us both great Americans.
Stay medicated and never have debated.
Oh, whoops, I forgot to turn this off.
That's a little thing for later.
It's not currently active, so don't do it, but spoiler alert.
I might be testing some Colin show stuff today.
Propaganda, Greg to you, Jay Money.
Apple to Apple entity, Revry Wolf.
Dr. Cole, thank you so much for the sub before the stream.
Shaka, Apple to Apple, love the hate.
Love to see all of you.
S1000, great to see you.
Matt Liddell, hello.
Hello to you, hiya to Uncle Phil 2K.
We're back in the studio.
I finally have the power again.
Oh my God, I'm teleporting today.
Today, I'm a teleporter.
That's exciting.
Papito, are you holding up all right?
I've been sick.
I'm good.
Are you sure?
Oh my God.
Wow.
Off to a strong start.
Immediate hype train.
I'm feeling quite a bit better.
Still a little whatever, but whatever in that case.
Whatever, I guess.
Let's just start with a hype train.
Whatever, we haven't just spent five minutes
talking to a yelling train in a little bit.
So we can start off the stream that way today.
Warm us up in the way that scares off the most possible viewers
as I love to do.
Let's see how the hype train is doing today.
I kind of ignored it because I've been playing Elden Ring.
Not today.
Today we're hype training, I guess.
Hype train, how are you doing?
I'm fine.
I'm fine.
I'm not that high.
What?
I'm high.
I am high.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
All right.
Thank you to Chaka for the resub 18 months.
Those months only go up in some cases.
Months get bigger and bigger every year.
The thickest, meanest months are ahead of us.
They get bigger?
You can't feel it, but the months get thicker
and wider every year.
Trains can feel it.
Stoney47, thank you for the sub.
Oh, eat the cheese, Pepino.
This ain't been powered.
How to get power from his cheese.
You do?
Let me too.
I taste the after cheese.
I can taste your after cheese.
Pepino, do you like that?
I don't know.
I'm really close to the camera now.
I'm just ready to eat more cheese just in case.
Hey.
Yeah, I guess it's after cheese hype.
Okay, well, um...
It's good to see you, train.
Yeah, but...
Okay.
I bet it's good to see you.
Find me a...
Find me a turn beat.
Oh, baby.
Wolfdog40, thank you so...
Find me a 20-month beat.
Find me a 20-month beat.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
Find it.
I type in month trap beat.
And just see what happens.
This is the trap beat for real.
It looks so for real.
It sure does.
Look how much money this guy has.
His headphones say...
Celine?
Does that do it for you, hype train?
Yeah, it really does it for me.
This is great by a 20-month-year-old.
That's how you notice a 20-month beat.
20-month beat.
Too late.
But you're out of these streets.
A 20-month-safe dead meat.
I guess.
21 sandy streets.
How old is that?
That's 2 years plus 6.
That's 2 years plus 8.
That didn't rhyme though.
Gotta stick on the flow.
Another couple months go.
2 minus 6 equals negative 4 bricks.
But I counted up that shit and now it's 6 million bricks.
I can't do any more hype train math today.
21.
Oh, we're almost at 21.
21.
When we hit 21.
We know we're civil servant.
The whole rap that I'm dropping says gonna be me saying 21.
21.
Well, how about 20?
That's one month less.
But I say that it's plenty.
Everybody agrees in these streets.
20 months is all you need.
Yeah, we ain't got dreams.
We have one month less.
We freeze.
21.
One month less.
21.
20 months.
Oh my God.
Apple's back.
We're gonna get the hard cheese back.
We're fucking.
A few days getting booked.
Robin and cheese on these.
20 months.
Like Morgan's owner.
You know that I just sold a.
I'm such a hot trade farmer.
I'm full of us.
A baby.
For that baby.
What's that?
Baby.
What?
For that baby.
What's that?
Baby.
No one.
Are you just saying blah blah?
21, be 21.
Why can't it just be 20 months?
That sounds so much like 21.
20 months.
21.
21.
Look at this guy go.
He's still holding this money and bouncing.
That's what you got to do then.
When you've been out in these streets for 20 months.
21.
I don't want a drink.
You know that he went 20 months, you know that he went 21!
Well, we're all, I don't think anybody can suffer 21 months, I've only been on for 20
months.
21!
You're so close, just wait one more month and you can do your 21 month rap.
21, 29.
There's still more beat left.
21.
It's like probably 10 seconds left.
21.
Don't jump an athlete.
Don't want a bitch for free.
She isn't easily.
Look at this dog, he's freeze.
21.
That was the right time for the hype train to die.
Well thank you so much for all the bits and support.
This is a new stream, I'd like to just clarify that real quick.
This is definitely a new stream.
Where we cover news.
Unfortunately, a good chunk of the news I've seen on Twitter in the last few days
is about a certain doctor who's really lived up to his name.
Disrespecting some pretty basic morality that a lot of people think is pretty important.
I thought we might at least get into that in case anybody is unfamiliar.
Technically one of the biggest streamers formerly on Twitch
and now we've learned why not a streamer on Twitch anymore.
The medical school he went to was for at risk youths
and it turns out they were at risk because he was there.
Or not, according to his statement.
I guess let's find out.
Let's do a little news.
Oh my god, I'm huge man.
I got a theme dog.
I got me so pumped up I had to rush to the camera to say hi to everybody.
How's everybody doing? It's your boy Tyler.
But I know.
Hi Tyler. Hello.
You never heard of Dr. Duster's back before all this came out?
Well I guess maybe consider yourself lucky because honestly it's a rough time to be a fan.
I'm a huge fan even though I love respect.
I used to think it was ironic that he is disrespectful.
Sorry it's hard to pay attention to what you're saying over this song.
That's true it was so fun to shout out to Ethan the DJ.
Okay what's good to see you Tyler?
Kendall how you doing? Want to say hi?
She's got a blower nose. Blow your nose.
Never let anyone tell you that it's impossible to blow your nose.
You can do it. It's actually honestly it's like all love.
That's the wrong track. That's the track I like.
It's all love. If you're not as bad as to blow that it's fine.
You're not abandoning the boogers. You're just saying I enjoyed the time.
But now I'm setting you free.
I don't think any of us were worried about the boogers.
Anyway Dr. Disrespect Sect did a kid.
Unfortunately that is the story we're talking about today.
At first we were like maybe he didn't.
But then today he said yeah I did.
At first he was like I didn't do anything wrong.
Everyone was like he probably did.
He was like nah.
But he was like how can I raise Maddie.
Because I texted a minor. Sex stuff.
But it wasn't inappropriate.
Let's just go to some of the primary sources here.
Just for a little bit of a recap.
Thank you for setting the city.
Lighting the city up behind me.
I was wrong with texting a minor. I kind of actually agree.
Because they're hard working. They're under the ground.
And how else are they going to communicate in some cases. You can shout at the earth.
But they won't hear you. I've been told.
You said it was a kid earlier. But I'm just reading your every wills comment.
And if it's an immediate text to a kid but if you also texted a minor
that's fine. They might not be able to see it in the dark.
The kid probably can unless they're under their bed.
Phones light up. Great point.
Dr. Disrespect admits to inappropriate messages with a minor.
Which one is that? That's the kid. Oh no.
That's the kid type of minor. Herschel Guy Beam.
Better known by his popular streaming person. A doctor.
No respect it turns out.
No specific reason given to the public. Former employees of the streaming company have come forward
to give specifics on what happened.
That's an ad. Beam reportedly used a twitch feature called
Whispers to meet up with a minor at TwitchCon.
The Verge reported on Monday. This revelation came from a former twitch employee
who worked on the company's trust in lifetime.
Harold Minor formerly of the Miami Heat. Is this a big mix up?
Harold Minor? I think it's at least a 17-year-old girl.
That's pretty young.
But as Nick Merckx always says, in some states
the age of consent is 16. Is that a thing that Nick Merckx always said?
That's a thing that Nick Merckx wanted to clarify for everyone at one point.
Who's a friend of Dr. Disrespect?
He got banned because he caught sexing a minor in that existing twitch whispers product.
He was trying to meet up with her at TwitchCon. The former employee behind the latest allegation
says a moderation report was filed about the chat between Dr. Disrespect
and the minor. This is so confusing because now I really am picturing like a guy
digging and I just want him to have a conversation with him.
But it said picture a child. Oh no, but that makes me feel super uncomfortable.
Yeah, but I think that's what happened. Oh no.
Beam told the Washington Post after his banning that he was given no reason for the action.
That's so confusing because like he did admit to texting the minor.
I guess he thought it must have been something else. No, I think he was just lying.
Wow. He did it on the suit.
He did go on the suit. He did go on the suit twitch, but the two parties of censor is all the minor.
Twitch didn't immediately respond to your request for comment.
Beam took to Twitter on Saturday and accusations found spread on social media.
So we go to his Twitter. Let's take a look.
That's his current statement. We'll get to that.
Let's see if he still has the old one up.
Listen, obviously I'm tied to legal obligations from the settlement of Twitch, but I just need to say what I can say
since this is the fucking internet. That's true. It is. I didn't do
anything wrong. All this has been probed and settled. Oh god, he just
admitted to probing a minor.
Well, technically, that's not what he's admitting
here, but maybe a poor choice of words on his part.
So it's somewhat alarming. I didn't do anything wrong. It's all been probed and settled.
Nothing illegal. No wrongdoing was found, and I was paid.
And that was actually a big thought on my mind, just like, did he get paid
to probe a minor? No?
Some of your alerts not working. The UFO one
might not be working. That's the question everybody's
asking. That's the UFO alert working. Apologies if it's not.
Some of my alerts have been misbehaving lately.
I think he Miranda sang himself. Oh my god, it's not working.
Let's see if we can fix it right now. Let's see if we can fix it
right now. McHorsler's working at least.
Look at McHorsler go. Isn't that
enough? Isn't that enough?
We might be able to fix it actually. Let's see. Oh there's the UFO.
It is working. It's all fine.
Yay! Sorry about that everyone.
You made me lose my train of thought. We're talking about an important story. About a man playing another man
playing with kids.
Would you just put it any other way? Well, how about this? Nothing illegal. No wrongdoing.
I was paid Elden Ring Monday. And he did live up to that. He played Elden Ring on Monday.
Okay, but then today he was like
Hello, I'd like to make a quick statement. Let's cut
the fucking bullshit. As you know, there's no filter with me. I've always been up front real with you guys.
On anything that I can be up front about. And I'm always, and that's
the best type of up front is when you're up front with the stuff that you can be up front about. That means you're always
up front because you can be and you are. And I'm always willing to accept responsibility
which is why I'm here now. Actually, I want to deliver this straight into the
camera so it's more meaningful. I'm going to
look into your guys' souls while I read this because this is a man pouring his heart out for
maybe the last time. After that, he's going to have to cinch his heart up permanently
because he understands it's dangerous for him to have a heart because his heart goes out to
kids too much. First and foremost, I do want to apologize
to everyone in my community as well as those close to me. And let me just place
some sentimental touching music for this. My team and everyone at Midnight Game
Studios, he's sorry. A lot of people have been left in the dark about what happened
yesterday with Midnight Society. And we made the painful
decision collectively, even though they said that they decided themselves without letting
him know, to have me step down. Our team is full of incredibly talented and good
people that have high career ambitions and families. And I now want to
summarize the culture we have carefully crafted. That was part of
those whispers is the culture of whispering. Everyone has been wanting to know why
I was banned from Twitch. But for reasons outside of my control, I was not allowed to say
anything for the last several years. Now that two former Twitch employees have publicly
disclosed the accusations, I cannot tell you my side of the story regarding the ban.
This is where he's probably going to clear it all up. Were there
Twitch whisper messages with an individual minor back in 2017?
The answer is yes. That dinosaur is sort of that last sentence
coming through that tweet.
The UFO is his whisper messages. Well, maybe he's got a real
zinger to follow up. Let's keep going. The answer is yes. Were there real
intentions behind these messages? The answer is absolutely not.
Well, sometimes you send a message and the point is that the
message is a test. He is testing the minor to make sure
that it was safe for them to dig in the zone of a 40-year-old man
for attention. And they failed. And he is
testing them. And he passed on knowledge
that you shouldn't text guys in their late 30s.
It's their fault. It's not the teenager's fault. I hope
the teen... at best a teenager.
Well, yeah, to be fair, we don't know how minor. How deep was that minor beneath the earth?
Okay, well, look, maybe he picks it up from here.
These were casual, mutual conversations that sometimes lean too much in the direction of being
inappropriate, but nothing more.
I'll just switch the music.
I absolutely take responsibility.
I should have entertained these conversations to begin with. That's on me.
That's on me as an adult, a husband and a father.
I shouldn't have... I should have never happened. I get it. I'm not perfect.
I don't fucking own my shit. I don't get it. It's a fucking mistake.
I've seen all the remarks and labels being thrown around so loosely.
Social media is a destructive zone. I'm no fucking predator.
Are you kidding me? Anyone that truly knows me knows...
really fucking knows where I stand on these things and these types of people. Fuck that!
That's a different level of disgust that I fucking hate even hearing about jumping
labeling me as the worst of the worst in your exaggerations. Get the fuck out of here with that shit!
Oh, no. I was pulled up in the power of his apology.
It pulled me into the dark space.
It's not even done. I can't go back in their case.
I felt the power of darkness for a second.
And I wasn't a fan, man. It's too much for me.
I think it's only a paragraph left.
But I think I've said what I needed to say regarding the band itself. That's it.
That's why Twitch made me the decision in 2020.
My team and community friends, I apologize. I wish I could have said it sooner.
You guys, I showed me support, blah, blah, blah. I had the fucking best community.
I got it. You don't have to support me anymore, but just know you've always been greatly appreciated.
I trust me when I say this. Tell my haters that live and breathe social media
with zero real life experience. Honestly, though, that is hard to do.
It's hard to have no real life experience because I have to breathe and eat sandwiches and stuff or I die.
Yeah, he's honestly, in a way, he's saying like,
damn, zero real life experience.
If I could exist fully online, clearly I would.
Anyway, I don't give a fuck about you. Ouch. Finally, if you're uncomfortable with this entire statement
and think I'm a piece of shit, that's fine. Oh, okay, we're good then.
Yeah, I guess I mean, I do think that. So I guess we're good.
Sick. Okay, I guess it's fine that I think that. But I'm not fucking going anywhere.
Oh, oh, I thought maybe she'd go to therapy or something. I don't know. But I'm not the same guy
that made those mistakes all these years ago. I'm taking an extended vacation with my family as mentioned on stream
and I'm coming back with a heavy weight off my shoulders. They want me to disappear.
Yeah, fucking right. And that's what the whisper said back to him.
He said, disappear and they said online experience
better than statutory experience. How old is Tyler? He might be able to get
the inside scoop. I have the I've been told that I have the brain
of a middle schooler. So I guess
I could talk to him and give a middle school perspective.
You're making Kendall cough with your weird statements. Kendall, it's okay.
Kendall inherited my
cough. Kendall's taking a nap. That's important.
Oh, son Trent, he's young. Isn't he?
He thought he's a teen. Yeah, he's a young teenager. So anyway,
he admit it. Yes, the real headline here
is he admit it. He admit it, but it was just
some playful sexting with a minor of an unspecified age.
Kendall coffee, a terrible former US attorney.
Hey, did you kiss Kendall while you were sacked? Actually, we've been avoiding kissing.
Yo, shut up. Oh, sorry. That's fine. It's all love.
Does he still do the doctor disrespect persona? He certainly did on Monday.
Yeah, he was back in it on Monday.
Is he being defended by the big by the big boy Tommy
Timmy Lawyer? Big boy Timmy Lawyer? Little Tommy Big Law?
Oh, is that his name, guys? It's important to remember that character's name. Well,
it just happens to be little Tommy Big Law. I mean, as a client, I have to know that.
Is he going to lose his doctorate over this?
I don't know. Have we checked in with the institution of disrespect?
Oh, the College of Disrespect? I don't think the College of Disrespect
has released a formal statement and if they're rescinding his doctorate.
Kendall, well, she gets confused when she walks. She walks one direction and she's like,
shit, I forgot something. She turns around. There was there a tour?
What is midnight club? That's too many questions, Tyler.
Yes? Yeah, one second. Kendall's sick.
Go to her. I probably should. We might do a slightly shorter stream today.
Or if she's sleeping, maybe we'll just do a short
news stream and then play Elden Ring. Don't you hate that game?
No, I love it. While talking shit about it.
It's unhealthy, man. Just get good. It's true.
Kendall's sick of pedophiles. Yeah, I think we all are. Yeah.
Well, anyway, are you still going to watch?
I didn't watch him in the first place. Oh.
I think I'll go back to PUBG.
You're just one from the college of not from the College of Disrespect. Yes, this has not done wonders for the
institution of disrespect.
Sorry, I reloaded Twitter and Jake Bennett of
G4 fame. Dropped to fairly. Yeah, I dropped this tweet.
Didn't know you could dab on pedophilia and just walk it back like that.
Yeah, I mean, he's unfortunately setting a real roadmap for pedophiles everywhere to be like,
I did it, but the intentions were pure.
That is an insanely, that is an insanely ballsy move
to be like, did I text a minor sex stuff? Yeah.
The intentions were playful. Maybe he's in character.
I don't doubt that he was in character, unfortunately.
He just dipped a toe in. Is that legal?
To dip a toe in a minor? No, listen to yourself.
As I said it out loud, I realized that's probably not legal.
Apparently, I mean, he might have not done anything illegal. That's possible.
There is probably unfortunately a way to flirt with a minor
over Twitch whispers and have it not be technically illegal,
but certainly the kind of thing you would fire someone over and even though you
can't exactly fire for someone from Twitch, they did. They banned them.
Which toe? I think any toe is probably the way I said it. That does sound
like anyway. Any toe you use is bad. Yeah, I do agree with that.
His actions in many grants have shown that there's no character in there. Yeah, so I like
I became aware of him quite a while ago, probably
in a definitely pre-pandemic I became aware of Dr. Disrespect.
I remember at first being like, oh, this is cool. He's playing like a character because
I don't think that was as big of a thing on Twitch at the time. Maybe it was like 2017, 2018.
That was back when he was playing PUBG. I'd occasionally watch
him play PUBG and be like, oh, this feels different
than the rest of the stuff on Twitch. But then the more you watched him, the more it's like,
oh, he'd occasionally say something or I was like, ooh.
And I haven't really kept up with him since, but it seems like he's kind of gone further
down that rabbit hole. Let's see what his friend Nick Merks has to say.
He's always just a font of really great opinions. So
what's his pal up to?
Uh-oh, a sense of president coming.
Listen up, Jack.
Microphone and I under just Mama James 750 shiny
tasty coins and I've been dying to say this. I'm managing
Congress to draft legislation to ban dipping anything in on our near-miners.
Thank you, Mr. President. You know, I don't agree with you on everything, but I think I can
actually agree with you on that one. Well, let's see if we agree with our pal Nick
Merks. Yo, yo, checking in. I'm seeing everything
on Twitter and I read through Doc's tweet
and in that very tweet, he basically confirms
that, you know, he was texting an underage girl.
Is he like auditioning for
like taxi, but if Robert De Niro got hit
by gamma radiation? Why is he like walking around without a shirt on
and just kind of huffing? That's a fair question, Tyler.
It does feel like if you're responding to your friend's
recent drop that, yeah, I did text a minor, you might put a shirt on and maybe not
just beam it out there post-workout, which seems to be the vibe he's going for, but
let's hear him out, I guess. I mean, yeah, obviously got to hear people out,
clearly. And it went weird sometimes, you know, and look.
He ran through the tweet. Just to be blunt and straightforward, man. That's inexcusable.
It's unacceptable. Oh, okay. He's admitting it.
Something like that. And I can't support it.
Hang on, honey. Doing this, talking to Twitter. Oh, good.
Took a little time to yell at his wife. And look, the boys and I are torn up over
two men because we played a lot of games with a guy and it feels a little
weird, but what can you do, you know? So I just wanted to update you guys
on my thoughts and how I'm feeling. And I mean, look,
I hope you guys have a good day. Oh, he wished us a good day.
He'd been a little bit of a defender before that, so
I guess Dr. Diss is losing all of them. Well,
do you think he can come back? Unfortunately, I do think he probably
will come back. I think he'll probably still have
10 to 20,000 extremely loyal viewers who pay all his bills.
And unless
the whispers drop themselves, there will
still be a solid enough fan base that he can continue to do his thing, although I think he will
really struggle to find traditional sponsors at this point.
Yeah, it's like the Magikult. I mean, Nick Merckx, the reason
why this is particularly funny if anyone's not aware of Nick Merckx, and I apologize
in advance for case trying to make you aware of him, because
you could just never be. That's an option case, is you don't need to tell people
about Nick Merckx. Well, I just, my point is he's part of that, like, protect
kids, basically anti-trans stuff.
So it's just, and which Dr. Diss had also kind of
clearly been dipping his toes in a little bit, so.
It's just funny how these folks so often end up associated with
abusing kids, despite their constant need to protect them.
It's weird. It's weird how that happens. That is so crazy.
It's like them obsessively thinking about the safety of children. I almost suggest
maybe they're just obsessively thinking about kids.
Yeah. Protect kids. Well, Boulevard, that does seem
to be an oddly, it's like that movie that came out
about child trafficking and the guy involved in that.
Like, real figure it's based on, has a weird history as well
with issues. We'll just put it like that.
Yeah. Another conservative cot. I mean, yeah, who to
thunk? I didn't, I literally didn't think. Like, I try not to think that much
and I didn't think. But who would have think? Who would have think?
Well, don't think too hard because the thinking
was done for you. He straight up said, I did do this. Then he said
kind of like, fuck you first, calling me a pedophile. It's sort of like
that guy is like, how could you call me a cannibal? I'm 100% a cannibal.
It is very similar. He's going with the army hammer defense of like, it's
crazy. They're calling me a cannibal just because I said I was.
And maybe that's the new defense, is you do a thing and then you say, are you kidding me?
You're going to say I did that? It's a strong defense. Trump has also
tried that quite a few times. So maybe we're just looking at the bold new legal
strategy, but I'm going to go ahead and just say like,
damn, that's like, oh no. Oh, damn.
That's your official statement. My official statement is like,
god damn, what? Oh, yeah.
Okay. And that's really all that there is to say. And so that's
all that we will. I'm back to you. Skymer, you got to stop pitching me
as an option for Lady ballers too.
You're going to the secret this into existence. If I get the call, it'd be irresponsible
from a career standpoint for me to say, no, I need that kind of exposure.
This chat could become the worst chat on Twitch instead
of the best chat on Twitch. Yeah, I said it guys. Yeah.
Yeah, Dr. Disrespect did cheat on his wife. That was another little bit
of Twitch drama, but that was from a while ago in the same year. Yes.
What's that kettle? It was the same year he was
banned. That's a seminal year for Mr. Disrespect.
Emphasis on the first five words, five letters of
seminal. Um,
we're viewers, but we have the moral high ground exactly just like in Star Wars.
If they come for us, no
legs, but then they do become the more popular character still.
Pretty gross, pretty gross.
It's funny that he was playing like kind of the ultimate avatar of like
online shooter guy. And of course, while doing that
texting brought, we'd assume a teenage girl. I don't know
as Kendall had a good point in a tweet that we really
probably shouldn't be. Oh my God.
Oh my God.
It's all happening. Looks like there's been a call for an expert
and also a call for conspiracy. Or just a call for an expert.
Okay. It's just that my, for some reason, my
alerts are being very weird.
Okay. Austin Powers on Julian Assange
on his, um, whatever release.
I guess we should talk about the release. I guess we can try to talk about it with
Austin Powers. Let me see if I can get a hold of Austin Powers.
He's the man, so he might be busy.
Damn. I don't know if Austin Powers is available.
How can I fake this? Maybe it's just, maybe just bad teeth.
Maybe anyone with bad teeth is Austin Powers.
We're going to say this is Austin Powers.
Something tells me this might not be the person you're
looking for. I'm just going to put on my glasses to talk to him.
So that I really, so that I can really see him.
I had Tripp send me some official
street glasses. So we'll just see if this kind of is close enough.
Uh, we'll do a little, we'll do the Julian Assange
news, which we, we, is worth covering. So let's, uh, let's
news it one more time.
Ah, baby! Yeah, darling!
Hello, darlings! Yeah!
I accidentally got John Oliver. No, it's me! It's Austin!
Hello! You're looking very fucking delicable!
You're looking pussy lickable, darling! Whoa! Take it easy.
This is how I talk in real life. You're looking ass lickable, baby!
Yeah! Jesus Christ! Oh, I want to stick my knives in your
crotch, darling! Jesus fucking calm down! You're not baby-
I'm fully adult, Austin! I've got a beard! Alright.
I had to cut your music off. She bad, darling.
You don't even really... Yeah, baby! Okay, I guess you can say that at least.
You sound a little bit like yourself. I'm British! Jesus Christ, enough! Alright.
Um, do you want to talk about Julian Assange?
Via the AP? I should've known!
I should be here for a while, but you can't have an afford-
part of protecting the public is caping them informed. Is that what you do here?
Um, let me just pull the story up for you.
It won't work. Sorry, one sec. There we go. Okay.
Uh, hurry up, darling. I'm an international man of
fucking... I know. And I defend
the world against...
I'm trying to remember if I defend him. I defend him as the old guy who
skin falls off. Okay, and you know, the other guy. Anyway, let's see.
I'm on a breath. You're kind of out of shape. I did this with my whole
upper body. It's very tiring. Alright. Anyway, what's going on?
International man of mystery. Julian Assange, uh, he's one of my rivals.
He does a lot of licking and stuff like that, too.
We shouldn't get into that part of his public profile,
maybe. Alright. Well, um,
Julian Assange arrives at court. Oh, we've got to change the headline.
One second. Doctor Disrespect. What he do? Well,
we already got into it. I'm Justin Powers!
How'd you know? You're not Austin Powers? Oh, I admit it. I'm Justin
Powers. I'm his... when Austin's busy. He's on a mission.
They send me over. Yeah, baby! Fuck a bogic!
Fuck a bogic? That's... I'm trying to form my own catchphrase.
Justin Powers, just as good!
I mean, I heard they have been trying to make a sequel for years, so maybe you're in the running, dude.
Having flashback to the last AFT
sketch with that music. In fact, I think they might have even used this exact
YouTube file if memory serves me. Why I might have pulled
that very MP3 myself. Fuck a bogic!
Darling! Jesus!
Fuck a bogic, darling! What the hell?
I hit the wrong button. You got no buttons here, mate.
I meant to go, fuck a bogic!
All right.
North of Mariana Islands, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has arrived at Federal Courthouse
in Saipan, ahead of an expected guilty plea
in a deal with the US Justice Department that will set him free to return
home to Australia.
Probably a long time coming, in my opinion. The playing carrying the eccentric computer
aspect and internet publisher touched down more than two hours before the schedule
of the hearing, in which he set to admit to a felony for publishing
US military secrets under a deal that spares him prison time, baby, in America
after years spent jailed in the United Kingdom while fighting extradition to America.
We've got a sick bird back there. I've got a sick
girlfriend. That's what I said. He arrived in a white vehicle wearing a duck suit
with a tie loosened at the collar and was briskly escorted into Courthouse while
ignoring questions from reporters. The hearing will take place in the North
of Mariana Island at US Commonwealth in the Pacific in the stunning culmination
of the US government's years-long lucrative fellowship.
What? Are you speed reading there? You have to speed listen
to keep up with me. I'm an international spy. I'm a man of mystery.
Fuck a bogic, darling bitch. What?
Don't add the bitch part. No, man. That's
really aggressive. It's like, darling bitch.
The US Department of Justice agreed to hold the hearing on the remote island
because the Sonja Post is coming to the United States because it's near
Australia. Are you alright, miss?
Wait, come over here. You want to meet my girlfriend?
Well, come over here and make you feel better. I'm just going to hide for a second. Hide back here.
Oh, yeah!
Dustin Powers. Here you go, Slade. Show it off, darling.
Love, beautiful, beautiful bird.
Kendall wants me to drink this Canada Dry. It's a special translucent
tape. Oh, and he drank the Queen's Ginger Ale.
Anyway, the deal disclosed Monday, represents the file chapter in a more
decade-long odyssey over the fate of the Sonja. His hugely popular secret
sharing website made him a cause celebrate among press freedom advocates
who said he acted as a journalist to expose US
military wrong-doings. Prosecutors have said that his actions
actively put the nation's security at risk.
What the hell? Oh, my God, what's he doing? Oh, the President!
I've just learned my jam, 300 shiny tasty coins, and I've been dying to say this.
Fuck a bodgy, baby. Yeah, fuck a bog, it's catching on!
The goddamn president's saying it! Fuck exiling!
Fuck my little asshole! Yeah, baby!
Calm down, man. You're blowing wind this way. It's fucking up my hair.
Yeah, it has already, in fact, darling.
The deal with the prosecutor's crimes is to admit to a single
felony count. It also allows him to avoid spending time in an American prison.
Hey, we'll get credit for the five years. He's already spent in a high-security prison
while fighting your expedition.
Oh, God, I hit up the danger room, Moe. You have a danger room like the X-Men?
Of course. I'm a spy. We have a danger room. He spent years hiding out.
The abrupt conclusion, both sides. Claim of degree of success.
With the Justice Department able to resolve with the trial,
a case that raised only legal issues and that might have reached a jury at all
given the plodding process of the extradition process.
Extradition process. Sometimes we let him go, darling.
You have a new favorite character.
Bring me back, baby. I'm Justin Powers. I'm the man.
Look, I might have a little face, but I'm Harry's shit.
I swear I'm an adult. I believe you. I'm Harry.
I'm not the prince. Fuzzy man.
I'm like Austin Powers. I'm really Harry back. I look like a little guy,
but I'm sexy.
I'm familiar with the Austin Powers character. You better be!
Blah, blah, blah, blah. Who's long? Let's see what they do. Let's see how they wrap it up.
For us are the views that people have about Mr. Assange's activities.
The case is dragging on for too long, said Australian Prime Minister. Anthony Albanese.
There's nothing to be gained by the continued incarceration.
And we want him brought home to Australia. Alright?
And in conclusion, Assange made headlines again
in 2016 after his website published democratic emails that prosecutors say
were stolen by Russian intelligence operatives. He was never charged in a special council.
Excuse me. The old ginger ale is backing up my stomach.
He the inquiry laid bare in the stark detail
of the role the hacking operation played in interfering in that his election on behalf of Trump.
Oh, now darling. Yeah, I mean, I'm in favour of everything getting leaked.
What? Yeah, I mean, I would prefer there's no state secrets. I think they should have to
own it all. And tell us. I'll take those glasses off
because you're not seeing clearly. You're not seeing the need for secrecy.
If people know that there was an old Belgian guy
who skin fell off, who could date Beyonce, do you think the world would be a safe place?
I mean, that was a movie, man.
Everybody knows. Hello from Twitter, says Chris.
That one's to go to you. I just want to say hi to Chris.
I feel like Justin could be the mole. We need to interview Dr. Disrespect.
He's the one who collected the whispers. He's like
variable from Game of Thrones. Varys?
Oh, his name was variable. I thought he was like the Quartz DJ. I don't know, man.
Anyway, he's just spy. I'm a spy.
It's great to see another spy let go. Sometimes we get caught. Sometimes we get
froze for like 50, 60 years. But sometimes we get loose. And the
joke seems loose, baby. I can say that now. He died, right? It can be
my thing. You can't take the juicer's loot. I look fucking good, mate.
I look fucking good. Juicer's my middle name. Justin
Juice Powerz. Ah, do you know Skymer? Juice is my middle name.
Something you can say you think it's danger.
Wrong, it's Juice. Alright, man. Look at your dad.
It's not my dad. It's my colleague. We do
look a lot alike. You've got to admit. I just can't get rid of the beer. My chin's too weak.
You know what that's like, right? My chin's fine, I swear.
Alright, what time do we have?
We'll say that's all the time we have. Thank you.
Justin Juice Powerz. It's me. It's your boy Justin
Juice. And the Justin, the juice is the mojo
and the mojo's loose?
If you come back, we'll work out an outro for you. You seem to work out with all of them, so just give me one
for God's sake, man. Alright, see you later. There was a call for Trent
that I missed. Oh, thank you for catching that.
I wonder why it's not showing up on my end. Oh, no, I see enough.
Great, let's do the movies.
We're going to try a Colin thing later, because I want to test it for
the thing I'm doing with Kasim.
This will be the number. Technically, if you call it right now, you can leave a voicemail
and Kendall made a voicemail message for us.
So feel free to do that if you want to. I can also test that that way.
But if anybody has a phone and feels like calling in
after we do the movies, maybe we'll try that with, we'll do it with Guy or something.
We'll do it with a conspiracy guy. Or we could do it with anybody.
I can't wait to see what Justin's song will be.
I can't believe I found someone who looks that much like Austin Powers that quickly.
That's crazy.
I also had this guy, but I decided that he didn't look enough like Austin Powers.
I'm also not British. I'm from Minnesota.
Yeah, that was another thing holding me back.
So for now, let's send it over to Trent. He is standing by at the movies.
And we'll see what he's up to.
Oh, shit, I forgot my fucking hat. I dropped that shit.
It makes me look old as fuck when I don't have this on there.
And I look totally different and like myself.
You say so. God damn it. Change your look back, man. I like this.
All right, but I'm not even getting into it today.
He changes when I fucking cut to him. It's crazy.
Skymer, you're not the only one upset about this.
No one else is that mad about this. I don't understand.
What if I just can't find my red hat?
It's not available and it's not my fault.
What if I'm currently looking and I just don't see it anywhere?
Okay, I'll try a different look for you. Check this out. Check out what, man?
How's this? Oh my God. That's a 10,000%
worse. How's this? What the f- did you
change your beard color? That's also way worse. How's
this? Just, I guess I take it back.
I guess never mind. Just go with the shit you have on.
All right. Disgusting, whatever.
If anybody can find a red hat, the old Chris Snapchat filter and wants to put it in the
Discord server, then go for that shit because
somebody can't seem to find it. What are you talking about? I'm talking about nothing.
I'm talking about actually what I'm talking about is nothing. Get that
phone number off the screen. They can't call me right now. They ain't calling me.
You know? All right, man.
What do you want to watch? Trailers, obviously. Let's see what's new.
Pink hat, Chris, fucks. Well, then he's not allowed to wear it. I'm allowed to have sex.
Well, we don't need to get into it. We really don't need to get into it.
Well, Farming Simulator 25 cinematic trailer. It's a movie and it's a Farming Simulator game.
That's a necessary one for us to watch. I've decided.
Look at this beautiful shit, man.
Dude, this shit's gonna slap. I can feel it. Oh, hell, yes.
We're in for it today, boys. Oh, shit.
All around the world, farmers know farming is an art.
Black life, we know it can be hard.
And it can be surprising, too. There's a fucking story to this one.
But sometimes it's about being at the right place at the right time.
Oh, shit, they're farming their asses off. Are they gonna...
Are they planting rice? Is he in China?
That was weirdly sinister.
I'm just gonna really hope that that's his daughter after the day we've had with Mr. Disrespect.
We're gonna just decide that this is his daughter.
See yourself and the world in all new ways.
Look at it grow.
And the art of farming, the soil is the canvas.
The seeds are the paint.
And the harvest is the masterpiece.
Fuck yes!
Yes!
25!
It took 25 other games to reach this level of excellence and every game was worth it.
This is pretty good.
Yeah, it's pretty darn good.
Is it? Missing something?
Oh, he's fucked. It's a chicken horror game, after all.
You're too cutie. Maybe some fresh spinach for a change?
Oh, shit, I guess they didn't kill it.
I mean, that's probably good.
Microsoft making jobs at video game for many years.
And by the looks of it, they might have been employing some new AI technology.
I think that's actually a stretch.
It honestly looks slightly too considered to be AI.
It just looks slightly like those demos of person to AI,
person to AI video image, to me.
I don't know if they sprung for that shit for Farming Simulator 5.
Farm 2, the farming. That's part of the farm series.
This is actually Farming Simulator, of which there's 24.
Are there really 24 of these other games?
That's why they're celebrating 25.
Again, it took 24 other games to get to this point,
but they've made it.
All right, well, honestly, it did get me pumped up.
Of course it did. It's fucking Farming Simulator, dude.
It does not miss.
Every other game was a classic,
and every game that comes out is even more classic.
One of the few people to pull that off.
And thank you to hard audio cables also,
sponsoring us all the way through July,
and then taking a break.
That is true.
All right, well, um...
Red 1.
Is there another Red movie?
The thing with The Rock and Van Wilder?
I mean, Ron Reynolds?
Yeah, Van Wilder.
All right.
There's another one of these.
Casey missed the first one. Here's more.
Whoops, I had the wrong button.
497.
498.
499.
You notice you're right.
Let's go heavy.
We can strong, Nick.
Oh, this is a Santa Claus movie. Never mind.
Evening, ladies.
What are you so excited about?
Of course, your boyfriend's here.
Okay.
Who's with Red?
Someone took Nick.
We're gonna find him.
I'm bringing in Jack O'Malley.
He's probably the best tracker in the world.
The guy's a legend.
What am I doing here?
Last night, Red 1, also known as St. Nicholas of Myra,
was abducted from the North Pole complex.
Are you saying Santa Claus has been kidnapped?
Garcia?
Oh, boy.
You can't trust this guy. He's on the list.
You know what I mean? Yes.
That list, NL4.
Oh, my God.
You're gonna help us find Nick.
Come on, let's go.
Grab a car.
For what?
We can get to the streets.
Not how it works. Come on.
There is much in here that is not of the natural world.
Who's that?
Krampus.
What are they doing?
They're playing crappish flop.
I think if you don't need me here, I might just go back to the car.
Why is it such an intense song?
There's worse ways to go out than trying to save Santa Claus.
We got snowmen!
That was so disturbing.
Was it?
I don't think for the same reasons in-movie as out-of-movie.
Interesting.
My turn!
Oh, my God.
Is my face still there?
Yeah. Yeah, you look good.
There's some reason I blacked out for a minute there.
Your youthful sense of self-preservation forced your eyes to go blank for a saintly moment you were protected.
Only it was three times longer, but it was like a 20-minute trailer, right?
You'll give the review after you see- when's it come out?
November 15th?
That's only like three months away!
It's interesting.
You kids like Rick and Morty, right?
I don't know if people- I can't remember if young people like Rick and Morty anymore.
Or if we ever did.
You should know. You claim to be young.
Yeah, but I black- I'm- I feel like that movie erased some of my memories.
I just feel like Hollywood saw that infinite TV episode of Rick and Morty and they're like,
let's just do that from now on.
Five months? Yeah, not very good math, Chris.
It's like three months. Three to five months.
We need to find a new location for Tripp Brassian?
How about putting him by the Bronx Zoo?
I mean, I guess we could do that.
You don't want Tripp to move?
I mean, I guess he could move locations in the park. I guess that's fair.
Yeah, he could. He could go somewhere else.
I still can't believe he peed in bottles. Well, he's got to stay busy.
He's got to stay really busy.
Sometimes you got to piss in bottles so that you can film
Red One and Red.
Wasn't he in a different Red movie?
The Rock. Red.
Oh, I guess he wasn't.
There's some other- I think there's another movie called Red.
Red Notice. Yeah, okay. Red Notice.
That's not The Rock, though.
Oh, it is The Rock.
That is also The Rock. I'll take it back.
Excuse me. That is also The Rock.
Is this part of the Red Universe?
Are those two films related?
Does he just pick his movies alphabetically?
And he saw two clumped up so he was like, both?
That's an efficient way to select your projects.
Only show me R scripts.
R-E specifically.
Pick the first two.
Well, whatever.
That's what the exec said when they made that.
They're like, whatever.
The girl in the pool.
Like how Sam Jackson requires purple in his movies.
Well, that's, you know, that's just smart.
Wasn't there also a Red movie based on the Warren Ellis comics?
There might have been.
Happy birthday, Uncle Phil 2K.
Damn. I apologize if you mentioned it before and we did not wish it.
Happy as birthdays.
We need more graphics.
In fact, in honor of you.
Just know that heroes never die.
That's beautiful, man.
Oh, whoops.
You're only kidding.
I think it was his birthday.
You're saying he's kidding that he's upset.
Oh, because I don't kid about birthdays.
Even if you're lying.
I will wish you a happy birthday.
That's beautiful.
Okay, Tiger Man with 1,000.
Oh, sorry.
The reason I read this is Tiger Man with 1,000 kids.
It's just the man with 1,000 kids.
Heretic.
Let's watch a horror trailer.
Let's watch back to back horror movies after that last one
and see what the heretic's up to.
Hi, good afternoon, ma'am.
Are you interested in learning about our savior, Jesus Christ?
Hi, good afternoon.
My name is Sister Barnes and oh my gosh.
Are you interested in learning more about the Church of Jesus Christ?
Come on in.
Can you come inside unless another woman is present?
My wife is home. Does that come?
Great. You like pie? Yeah.
My wife has a pie in the oven.
I could tell that you are a very spiritually curious person.
I think it is good to be religious,
to find your faith in a doctrine you actually believe.
Well, our work here is done.
I will go and check on the pie.
Uh-oh.
This is what playing an oompa-loompa did to him.
We just need to go home.
I won't keep you if you wish to leave.
But I want you to choose which door to go through based on your faith.
What does this have to do with us leaving?
Everything.
Studied.
It will make your hearts beat faster.
It will even make you want to die.
Do not be afraid.
You will witness a miracle.
I mean, he does look good in those glasses.
Do you like his serial killer glasses?
He's bringing them back.
We haven't had a good serial killer with the creepy glasses since, like,
Elijah Wood in Sin City.
There's been so many.
There's the, you know,
the guys like,
oh, they're stroping the beer.
What? You know, the actual serial killer.
He's the original serial killer glasses guy.
But I can't remember names because I'm too dumb.
Oh, at least you're aware.
Between the temples.
Oh, the penguin.
All right, let's go out on the penguin trailer.
Oh, finally, the penguin trailer.
It's official teaser number two.
Yeah, we've only seen one teaser till now.
Of the much demanded penguin series.
Whenever everybody saw Batman, they were like,
Dahmer is who I was thinking of.
Geek, uh, Geekastic.
Club Penguin.
Is that what this is called?
No, but he owned Club Penguin.
You don't remember everyone's favorite Batman movie where they're like,
man, penguin.
The breakout hit of the Batman.
I like the penguin, but what you really like is Colin Farrell's penguin
and now we're getting more of them.
And here it is.
Frito Cobblepot.
Look at this. The mad man dead.
Listen, Sal, come on.
He's dead.
And I am here now.
I'll be calling the shots.
The Falcons are still licking their wounds.
They're distracted.
The business will be ripe for the taken.
My father's been dead a week.
You want to take what's mine?
Yeah.
I'm the daughter of the Falcon Don.
But he's dead.
The family thinks I'm broken.
Maybe he is playing an undercover alien.
You and me again.
We've got to take whatever we decide is ours.
I thought that was how I met your mother or whatever.
I'm not going out of fight.
Penguin, you buck for the family.
You will do as you talk.
I refuse to let these old men push me aside again.
So I'm going to take from them now.
And I'm going to force them to their knees.
What is it you're really after, Oz?
Is this a movie?
We'll tear down the empire from the inside out.
That would be incredible.
That would bring me into this for sure.
I've always known you were capable of more.
That's a show, okay.
Part of the gritty Batman verse.
The man-batter-verse.
The banana-verse.
The banana-verse?
It's just Batman's universe.
No blood.
Yeah, I guess that makes sense.
I mean...
All right.
Say that to a lot of this stuff.
Yeah, I mean, you know, I watch a lot of this.
I'm like, oh, okay.
I'm glad that there's now going to be another movie where
the whole time you're like,
yo, is Batman going to show up?
And then they kind of show him from behind with just the ears.
And you're like, oh.
But then he's kind of not really in it.
I'm excited for that moment.
You like the specific moment when they tease
the main character of the universe
in either silhouette or rear?
Yeah, I like a good rear shot of Batman's ears.
So you're like, oh, okay.
But also mostly the penguin.
Even Batman is in history in this show.
Oh, come on.
If you love dark, brown, gritty, crime, boss-focused dramas?
Yeah, I mean, probably a drama, right?
I'm assuming a drama.
Then you will watch this
because you're going to be like, oh, man, what else is on?
And then you'll get to see the back of Batman's head at some point.
Or they'll spring fully to get
Sparkle Vampire Guy, Edward,
and Edward will show up but has the evil version of himself,
which is Batman.
You think Batman is evil Edward from Twilight?
Yeah, Batman is just Edward from Twilight,
but twisted.
I think that's right, actually.
Yeah, that is actually right.
I do like a nice good shot of in the rear.
Well, what?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
All right.
Mel Kilmer is...
I don't tell Skymer, I don't think so.
Yeah, nobody tells Skymer, but I don't think so.
But look, that's three trailers.
We unfortunately started with the best one,
but that is all the time we're going to have for today.
But we'll be back, don't worry, maybe tomorrow,
seeing as it is Wednesday,
which is only one day away from Trailer Thursday.
We'll probably be back, but until then,
you know what it is.
We'll see you soon. Bye-bye.
You want to just Batman show?
What are you, crazy?
There's probably a Batman cartoon on right now.
Are there no currently active Batman cartoons?
There's been so many iterations of Batman cartoons.
My favorite is, of course,
because of almost certainly for nostalgia reasons,
although maybe everything was just better in the 90s.
I like the 90s Batman animated cartoon the most.
I also like Batman Beyond,
but, you know, I was a teenager when this came out,
so they had the kid's gloves on.
He's not? I thought Val Kilmer was dead.
He's alive? Oh my...
No, he's dead.
I was tricked.
I'm pretty sure, based on this Google,
not unfortunately he is.
I'm that easily convinced.
If I try to convince you of anything as a joke,
and then you try to not convince me back,
I will be convinced.
He's alive on Wikipedia.
He's alive in our hearts. That's all that matters.
Okay, we're going to kick it to the streets.
He's alive? Why is Google saying he's dead?
I guess he's alive.
Oh yeah, he is alive.
I was looking at his dad's.
Somehow, for some reason, Wikipedia was listing his dad's,
uh, date of death.
Val Edward Kilmer. Whoops.
Who died in 1959?
Why was I so sure that he's dead?
Oh my gosh, conspiracy time.
Is Val Kilmer alive or not?
It's kind of a dark subject, because he does have cancer.
But whatever, we'll figure it out.
There's probably some Val Kilmer conspiracy.
And that'll give us a good chance to check this,
to test this call-in show,
because I know that Guy is just desperate to take some calls.
So whatever, let's send it over to Guy.
Redacted.
To grab a little bit of that truth, you know?
Ready to connect. Click Connect to show now.
You are connected as the host.
Welcome, host. You are now in the host room.
Great news, everybody.
We're connected as the host.
You can call 844-721-5277.
And if it's working correctly,
you can talk to me at any point about the subject today.
Which, regardless of taste, does seem to be
if Val Kilmer's alive or not.
I'm Guy Redacted.
Is that my real name?
Well, it's as real as it needs to be,
because it's honest, and that's what's important.
We're not at the streets.
We're going to go to the streets right after this.
If anybody has the gall and the balls,
or the lady balls,
to call in to talk to me, Guy Redacted.
Don't worry, I'll pull no punches,
I won't pull your teeth.
I'm ready to talk to each and every one of you.
You might notice that these last four digits
spell out a different four letter beginning of a name
that starts with K and then ends in S.
That's purely coincidental.
It's 844-721.
Well, cast or 5277.
It's just what was available.
What can I say?
I think it seems to be live,
so I think you really can.
We'll eventually have screeners and stuff
if this is used elsewhere,
but for now, I'm mostly just curious.
If you can hear me and I can hear you,
we'll test that.
In the meantime, let me just look up
Val Kilmer conspiracy real quick.
Conspiracy movie.
Oh, he's been in movies about conspiracies?
Unreal.
No way.
What's he up to?
He's in a movie called Conspiracy?
This is a conspiracy.
Bum bum bum.
It really does run deep.
Let me see if I can find any proof
of this movie existing
or if they've scrubbed it from the internet
because it was too real.
2008.
It's not even that far.
It's not even that far back.
Anyway, the call lines are open.
If we're lucky,
someone will call
so that at least we can test
this thing that Case has insisted
that I test today.
You don't even really have to want to talk to me
as much as I just need you to say
any words.
And that's all that we really need.
There's somebody sick behind this flag
and it's the truth,
and we're going to cure it today
by watching this Val Kilmer conspiracy video.
All right, let's see. This is conspiracy
Val Kilmer.
Oh, also, it's a
toll-free number, I think.
It's toll-free, as far as I know.
Why does this sound like it was recorded through a phone?
Let's start playing where they shouldn't.
Look what happens.
He'll stop at nothing.
We can't keep doing this
with no time to spare.
There's something you need to see.
What is it?
Someone needs to stop him
to take back the town.
Detail John Rhodes.
I'm bringing hell
to God's country.
Oh my God.
The conspiracy is they can't show you
so much action.
They can't show you close-up.
Damn.
That's a stacked cast.
I think it's a conspiracy that I haven't even heard
of that movie before.
Oh, there's a call in the queue.
Apologies.
We're going to go to our caller right now for a reaction
to that.
I doesn't have a name yet,
so I'll figure that out.
Let's go to him now.
Excuse me.
Can you hear me?
You're on the line with Guy Redacted.
Hello.
Big J Dub, 91.
Big J Dub on the line.
It's working.
Can you all hear Big J Dub chat?
If you can hear Big J Dub.
I bet that hopefully they can.
They can hear you.
It's working. Incredible.
Thank you so much for calling in.
I hope you're having a blessed day as a patriot.
I can hear you.
You sound incredible.
You sound like a shot of truth straight to the heart.
You can only hear you through the stream.
Oh, you can't hear me through the call.
Well, that's going to be a problem.
Let me see.
Thank you for calling in so we can try to fix this.
Am I muted?
Yeah.
I've muted you.
Okay, now I'm unmuting you.
Let me go to my sound mixer.
I can hear you.
I can't hear me.
I can hear you if you can hear me through the stream.
Let me see if I can.
It should be working.
But it's not.
I can only hear you through the stream.
Let me try to fix this.
Can you hear me now by any chance?
Any chance you can hear me?
I'll lose the call.
This is why we're doing this.
Thank you so much for your patience, Big J Dub.
Nope.
Nothing there.
Why would it be?
We're going to put the glasses in our mouth for a moment.
I just wanted to apologize for...
I wanted to apologize to everybody
for redeeming that
Val Kilmer thing that well.
Oh, well, no apologies necessary.
We're really learning quite a bit, actually.
I know you can't hear me,
but I just want to let you know
that I'm rejecting your apology
because what you did
is actually really important for this country.
Why is it not working?
No.
I would love to know.
Yeah, I can't hear you
and they can barely hear me on the phone.
That's not good.
That's not ideal.
Let's see.
This program has given me no options
to try to fix it.
Okay, Big J Dub, I'm going to hang up
so that I can reload
the whole thing
and see if it does anything.
Thank you so much for your call.
If you can hear me through the stream,
you're a true American, a true patriot.
And thank you for helping us get to the bottom
of the Val Kilmer issue. Thank you so much.
Damn, he can't hear me at all.
All right, let's try this again.
Thank you.
So we could hear him.
It was just super quiet,
which is annoying.
We're going to drop me as the host.
That's off now.
I'm going to try this again.
Ready?
Ready to connect. Click connect to show now.
Connect to show.
You are connected as the host.
Welcome, host.
You are now in the host room
and can manage your callers
from the Collin Studio Web Interface.
Hey, Kendall.
Could you call me real quick?
Well, I'll give you the number.
The number is
844-721.
Yeah.
Yeah, they know.
5277.
We're just making sure
that it's an issue on everybody's end.
Okay.
I'm going to answer you
and they'll be able to hear you on stream just a sec.
Can you hear me?
Yes.
So you can hear me through your call?
Yes.
Okay, Kendall can hear me through this call.
Chat, can you hear Kendall?
Hello, Chat. I love you.
Okay.
Thank you so much for the call.
I don't know why it wasn't working.
Wait, they can't hear me?
They can hear you. We can all hear you.
Oh.
Okay, well, I called until the show.
I don't understand why you're already hanging up.
I'm not hanging up.
I'd love to ask you if you have any thoughts on Val Kilmer.
Is he alive?
Um, um,
I didn't know that's what I was calling him to.
Did you have anything you wanted to discuss today
as an American and as a patriot?
Um,
um,
I was hoping to
discuss, like,
the cheese tax.
The cheese tax?
Yeah, the cheese tax.
It's outrageously high, I'm assuming.
No, it's not high enough.
The cheese tax needs to be higher.
I need more cheese
when I cut cheese.
Okay.
Do you think the government
actually needs more money
off of every cheese that's cut?
Well,
I need more cheese in my mouth
when every cheese is cut.
You're saying that
I'm a hard-working American
who's purchased cheese, and you just deserve
a handout of even more cheese
when I'm the one cutting the cheese?
I'm cutting the cheese.
I think I should put
the same amount on there
so I could spend more amount
in my mouth while cutting.
And not until the government.
So you think you deserve
all of the cheese that's cut,
really unlimited amounts as much as you want?
Yeah, that's correct.
Usually, the tax bracket
is about one to two slices
per sandwich,
but I'm looking to
bring that up to at least
three to four, or at least one good
meat for a chunk.
How is the business supposed to
survive under those conditions?
What's your name?
Wait, how do you not know my name?
I'll just play it along.
I know it's you Kendall.
Should intros happen
at the beginning? You did say my name.
You should know my name.
Are they double hearing me?
Because I'm in the same room.
It's possible. They might be hearing you twice.
Uncle Phil, thank you.
Uncle Phil supports you and he immediately donated
to show his love of cheese.
Wow, I love that.
I'm just saying.
All right, thank you.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you so much for having me.
Well, thank you for being respectful
even if I don't entirely agree.
Oh, okay.
Well, that's too bad then.
Fine, I'll give you cheese.
Just like me, please.
Okay, thank you so much
for having me.
Thank you.
She hung up.
She hung up.
Look, I was in the den of the beast there.
I was in there with the snakes
just struggling to breathe.
I'll admit it, I faltered in my position
temporarily.
I gave up on my belief
and I succumbed
to her position.
It can happen to the best of us.
It can happen to the strongest
and at the warning to all of you
who have a beautiful voice.
We've got another beautiful voice on the line right now.
Let me see who's there.
Caller, I'm bringing you on
right now, and they hung up.
I blew it.
I took too long.
There's another caller coming in.
Let's see who this is.
Caller, I'm bringing you on right now.
You're on the line with God redacted.
Thank you so much for calling in.
What's your name?
Skimer, calling in.
How are you doing, real American?
Doing absolutely incredible.
The studio is hot and fired up and ready to talk to you.
Anything on your mind?
It's a proud patriot and proud American.
What's on my mind is that
we saw Chris's red hat as missing.
And then we learned
that the rock only stars in movies
with red in the title.
There's got to be a connection there.
Absolutely, he's trying to
infiltrate our brains with the concept of red
even as the red is removed from the thing that covers our brain.
I think.
Is Val Kilmer involved in this?
I don't know. Have you seen
either the movie red notice
or do you plan on seeing the movie red one?
I've seen
neither of those movies.
Did you see the trailer for red notice?
Unfortunately, I did.
Did you think Gal Gadot looked good in it?
I was just watching for Val Kilmer
the whole time.
That's fair.
That was actually a test because they tried to distract you with her.
To be like, she looked good.
But actually, you got to keep your eye
because you never know when Val might sneak in.
Have you seen a Val Kilmer movie?
I have seen many Val Kilmer movies.
And once he was supposed to come to our town
and pretend to be Mark Twain.
What?
But no show, although due to sickness.
He straight up no showed you
for his one man Mark Twain show?
He did and we were all very excited
towards it. Oh my God.
Do you have a favorite Val Kilmer movie?
It's got to be
Conspiracy.
Okay. You've seen it.
Yeah.
All true Americans have seen it.
Okay. Fair enough. Let me ask you this
because I've only seen the trailer.
How deep does that conspiracy go?
It goes all the way.
Oh my God. I fucking knew it.
Sorry. I don't even mean to curse. I'm just getting fired up
because that is terrifying to hear.
Okay.
It's okay. There's no children here.
That's a good point.
This is not doctor disrespect.
Thank you so much for calling in Skymer.
You're coming in crystal clear and we appreciate that.
Thank you for filling us in. We're at high alert now
because of all this information you dropped.
I'm going to go on to another caller but
Thanks for the time guys.
Thank you so much. Incredible.
Oh my God.
There's callers on the line.
We're going to take a couple more calls
because this does seem to be working.
But just try to stay safe
out there.
Velkilmer is still alive.
There's an active conspiracy going on
and we honestly, how deep does it go?
All the way.
Let's move on to our next caller.
Hello. There's one call holding
about caller you are on the line.
How's it going and what's your name?
Oh, they hung up.
Okay. We're going on to the next caller.
Oh, wait. No, we're on the line.
Oh, okay.
This one's not working as well.
Dang, I need to set this up
so that we can get people's names.
Hello.
Hello. How are you there?
Hello. I'm trying to connect here.
I'm trying to see what's in here.
Thank you so much for calling in.
Can you hear me at all?
I can hear you. Is this guy?
This is Guy Redacted. You're on the line with Guy.
You're in the den with the snakes right now.
I'm not too sure
if you are familiar with my work.
I'm a former bin correspondent.
Oh, my God. What's your name?
I go by the name of Clementine Verne
at the time, but it's not the same man
this time.
Oh, my God. Clementine.
Are you safe? Where are you? What's happened?
Well, we had to move
from the safety
of my dark cottage
to parts unknown,
but I really wanted to get in
on the conversation with Val Kilmer.
Absolutely. Do you have a question?
Yes.
Absolutely. Do you have any
thoughts on what's going on with Val?
I know
he's had some health problems,
but at the same time,
some of his movies were quite
shit.
So I'm not too sure if it was a matter of
his choices in
movies or if he's just, you know,
things just
happen. But, you know, did you see the
movie The Saint?
I've seen The Saint, yes. It's been quite a while.
I barely remember it.
Also, maybe
Stateside. Well, that one wasn't too
bad. It was a racially cooked vehicle
instead of, you know. That's true.
For him.
Have you seen the movie The Jackal?
Oh, but The Jackal
is, it's
Val Kilmer in that one. Isn't Val Kilmer
isn't that the one where Jack Platt gets
absolutely blown to shit? Oh, that's Bruce Willis.
That's Bruce Willis?
Damn, I thought that was Val Kilmer.
I mean, Bruce Willis, he has his own health
troubles at the time, so. That's true.
Okay, how about the one where Val Kilmer fights
Lion? Oh, the
Ghost in the Darkness. Yeah.
That movie
is riddled with
production issues, but at the same
time, he's actually quite good. If you
see the behind the scenes
of that movie, he didn't want to be there at all.
Yeah, I've heard that.
I think that's what makes this so real
real quick before I watch you. Please, please.
Do you
on your
network by the name of Justin?
Justin Powers, yeah. Fresh off
the boat, straight on to Ben.
I think
I have to inform you that he is a sleeper
agent. Oh my God. I think he's
I think he is doubling
as a man named John Oliver.
Oh my God.
I knew it. I knew it. He looked so much
like him. Thank you for confirming that, Clementine.
Are you in a safe location and are you
pretty secure? That's what we really want to know before you go.
I would like to say that
I am secure, but I don't feel
secure because I don't have no job stability.
I'm so sorry to hear that. I will
talk to Case. I will try to, I will literally
give up my job for you. You are the original
beacon of truth and what's been done to you is so
incredibly unfair. I really
appreciate that, but just,
Justin Oliver, he is a sexually aggressive
man. You really have to watch out for him.
Unlike me, he is a sexually aggressive
man. I am not a sexually aggressive man.
Please be on your guard. Guard your offices.
Thank you very much. Thank you, Clementine.
Say it to Patriot from whatever country you may be in.
Thank you.
Unbelievable.
Unbelievable. What
happened to him?
So incredibly unfair and
he still has our best interest at heart
looking out for us, protecting us
from little baby John Oliver's with beards
that are lying about who they are. We have
one more caller on the line
and then I do think we are going to drop these calls for the day
just because
this has been an incredible test of this broadcast.
We have two more. We will take calls until they stop coming in
actually.
Caller, there is one on hold
and I think you both can hear me so this might be confusing
but we are going with the next caller on the line.
Okay, caller, if you
can hear me, you are on the line with Guy Redacted.
How are you doing and can you tell me your name?
Hey there, sweetie pie.
Hello. How are you doing today?
I am doing pretty good. You sound like a real gruff
and tough patriot.
It's me Mr. Delicious.
I thought I was going to talk to the brown man.
Okay.
I got a little bit of a scoop about Val Kilmer.
Alright Mr. Delicious.
Have you ever seen that movie Real Genius?
Absolutely.
Yep, I have seen that.
Let me tell you, he won that part
by
being part of a CIA
style. He played a game
called Polybius.
Okay.
He was so good at this game
that CIA brought him in
to be part of their new Hollywood
Cabal movie.
Excuse me?
Real Genius.
No.
You're telling me that he didn't even audition
in the traditional sense?
What? 1984?
Ever since
see I was working at JPL then.
Ever since
Val Kilmer has been a CIA
asset. Look at the films that he has taken.
Okay.
He's a good CIA.
For sure.
Top secret CIA.
Absolutely.
Conspiracy.
CIA.
True.
The island of Dr. Moreau.
You thought he was a weird scientist
hanging around with a little man
and Marlon Brando? No.
He was a CIA undercover asset.
Watching them.
To use those half-human,
half-beast hybrids
as part of the CIA plan
to take over the Banana Republic
of Central America.
Mr. Delicious, I had my suspicions,
but I'm so happy to hear them confirmed.
Because that was gnawing at my soul.
Well, now you know the truth.
Dig deeper.
Gee, dig deeper.
And you will find even more
horrible truths about Mr. Kilmer.
Can I just say thank you for saying my name right?
Not enough people.
Everybody said that Guy's Gee redacted.
So, thank you.
You're welcome.
Keep being delicious.
I might be around sometime.
Okay.
Uh-oh, what's that noise?
Thank you so much, Mr. Delicious.
Hope any hung up.
Okay.
Look, ignore the noises at the end.
That's just the noise of truth
trying to break through the line.
And it did.
Successfully broke down the wall of the falsehoods
and settled in the plains of accuracy.
It's not always easy digging for truth,
but it's the truth.
I'm going to get a chocolate coming up
with lots of sweets taking his mouth.
We got one more call in the queue.
We'll see if this is the last one, if it's not.
I'll keep taking them until we're out.
Caller, I'm going to bring you on right now.
I'm slowly figuring out
how this works.
And I am very relieved that it does work.
Okay.
It looks like you're connected.
Caller, you're on the line with Guy redacted.
Can you let me know your name?
I have an appointment for the Planned Parenthood
at the local cream land.
Oh shoot, we are really close to their number.
You're actually on
the number one truth-based call-in show
with Guy redacted.
If you give me your information.
I got some truth that I could share.
Okay.
Papito is a bastard.
What?
Papito, yeah, I know he works with you.
He has knocked me up
and he has not planned
to send any Kipple support.
Oh my God, that little bastard.
He just running around town spreading
it?
Yeah.
I know I'm not the only one.
My girlfriend Papito, I know she's got
a full litter in her.
Full litter.
You have a girlfriend that's also named Papito?
No, no, no.
Her name is Papito.
Oh, Papito, oh my God.
Oh my God.
How many kids do they have?
I am a talking dog.
I am not a human.
That would be disgusting.
I am a dog as well.
I assume that but thank you for clarifying.
That helps.
Yes.
Has he made any attempt to reach out to you?
He sent me some cheese
in the mail.
But I'm lactose intolerant.
Oh my God.
As all dogs are, he shouldn't be eating that himself.
I know.
Trust me. I know.
I don't know how I even got in this mess
in the first place.
He's always eating cheese.
And it's disgusting.
This week has been a week where
a lot of beloved figures are just
we're learning things about them that change.
How we view them forever.
And I know it's never easy to come forward with kind of information.
I appreciate you choosing such a safe place to do it.
I mean,
I'm going to have to call
the actual Planned Parenthood
of Creamland
and get this appointment because I cannot have these puppies.
Puppito is not
he may be the father but he is not a good father.
Okay, well,
normally I don't support abortion but with dogs
I don't think it actually counts so I'm just going to say
do whatever you have to.
Is there any message that you would
like to give Pappito before
you sign off for the day?
I think this message
might be more for case
Fiona. Okay.
Six, that little bastard.
Snip snip. Snip snip. Snip snip.
Snip snip. Snip snips in chat.
Thank you so much for being brave.
Have a good day. Have a blessed day.
Incredible.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
You know, you start with a simple conspiracy theory.
You think it's going to lead one way?
Someone thinks they're calling a Planned Parenthood.
You happen to be one digit off
the Planned Parenthood hotline
and then they happen to be talking
about the producer of the very show you're on.
You just never know
where the truth is until it
smashes you in the face.
Hard.
We're going to close the lines for now.
What the frick?
We can't get rid of the number
what we are going to close the lines.
Let me see how I even end this.
This is another thing we're going to learn live.
Snip snips in chat.
Formerly
non-controversial
Ben producer, Papito
finds himself in hot water
as the confirmation just
flood right in.
They say guilty till proven innocence
or the opposite of that.
My point is that he's guilty.
We got all the proof we needed.
I'm not happy about it
but I am happy to report the facts
and those are the facts as they say.
They're the conspiracy afoot
and it runs deeper than you can imagine.
And we ran so deep
that we ran out of time
but I'm say I say keep running toward the truth Patriot.
Never let it go.
In fact, feed it.
Semper truth.
See you soon.
Oh no.
You know I try to kind of keep this
as a controversy free ship.
I keep the waters nice and smooth around here.
He's right here I guess.
Normally I would change the music over but Papito
I think you do need to explain yourself.
Huh?
Papito.
Huh?
Did you impregnate another dog?
I don't know. I'm a dog.
Did you have sex with like a dog
in the streets? Probably.
What sex?
What happens when you hump?
I mean I do hump. Does that do stuff?
It gets other creatures pregnant
if you hump to completion.
I don't know. What?
If you had the kid you need to take responsibility.
No I don't. I'm a dog.
I don't have to do that.
I'm a little dog. I don't have to.
I don't do that.
I can just get a waist drop free.
There's nothing anybody can do. I'm a dog.
It's more on you. You're a human.
Or Fiona.
Maybe we should ask Fiona.
Can we ask Fiona?
Snip snip. Papito I think
the request was for me to neuter you.
What?
What's that mean?
I get rid of your whatever your reproductive organs are.
Okay.
Well that may mean I don't have to hump anymore
because it is annoying.
I get tired of having to hump.
Snip snip. Snip snip.
Papito that's a lot of people that would be scared of that.
I'm a dog though.
You're not understanding case.
Is I'm a dog.
Dog rules apply.
Snip snip baby I'm
scoff free.
It's good enough for Kevin. I guess it's good enough
for Papito. Should I just do it now?
Should I put some scissors in my mouth and see what I can make happen?
No don't do that Papito. I'll go get some scissors.
I'll be back. See you later bye bye.
Oh my god Papito don't get the scissors.
Okay I'll just stay here.
Okay I guess I'll take responsibility.
I guess I'll take responsibility.
You got the dog in him. Unfortunately many
have had that dog in him too.
I don't know if I have genitals.
I just hope.
Okay well.
We've learned a lot today.
I don't know how I got these subs.
Papito neuter sub goal?
That'll be
those will be some interesting assets for me to make.
We still have to do our um
science kitchen stream.
Oh my god I gotta be careful saying that word.
Fortunately Chet must be taking a nap.
We're gonna go to the streets.
Anybody has any thoughts on
the physical attitude towards dog father ship?
Or mother ship?
I'm not entirely clear on Papito's gender.
I've never taken him to a vet.
I'm not his owner technically.
I'm just his employer.
You don't have to take your employees to the doctor yourself.
He's lost in the lands between.
Yeah maybe.
Let's kick it over to the streets.
We got our new street system exclamation point trip
to send trip and opinion.
You can actually send trip and opinion at any point during the stream.
We don't check in with trip every stream but um
if you know it's coming up
exclamation point trip
will load his opinion docket up with your opinions
at any point while the stream is active.
Let's send it over there though.
A lot to discuss today.
It's time for trip on the streets.
Wild accusations being thrown around
seemingly instantly confirmed.
Papito and doctor disrespect have that in common
when someone says you did a thing.
They're like yep.
I guess that's good.
I mean what they did was bad but I guess it's good
that they're just admitting it.
Well Bluptepito did is arguably fine.
He is a dog after all.
It's always a fair point to point out that
Papito is in fact a dog.
Okay let's
see
looks like we had
an opinion
kick to the streets already.
Exclamation point trip
will send your opinion straight to the streets.
It does seem to be a system that works flawlessly
now after some troubleshooting so hopefully
that trend continues.
Let's see who else is out here today.
Excuse me. Okay.
We're ready to go now.
You there sir. I'm trip on the streets.
You got an opinion for me? Please let me know.
Yes.
Hello.
Say his name.
He appears.
I believe in Joe Hendry.
Joe Hendry
really hot on the wrestling scene right now.
Are you a fan?
I believe
in Joe Hendry.
That's all I wanted to say.
Okay I believe as well.
I think he's talented.
Good. Are you him?
No.
Is he here?
I believe in him.
Why?
He's good.
You have teeth behind your teeth.
Okay. Well thanks.
Thanks I guess
for sharing your thoughts on Joe Hendry.
I'm not a public speaker.
That's fine. It's just you and me.
That's why I like Joe Hendry.
He does it for me.
He says what's on your mind?
He says it's on my mind for me.
Okay.
No need to talk to me if you're uncomfortable.
I'm very comfortable.
I could just stand here.
Okay.
Well I don't have any questions for you then.
I'm a big man.
He was big. He was a big guy.
I was actually a little intimidated.
This is a strange little fellow.
Someone smaller
that intimidates me less.
Do you have a thought for me?
I'm in fact Tripp Radstein.
Well
Hi Tripp.
I would like to figure out
why everyone loves Hock-Tua girl.
I've done scientific studies.
If she were to Hock-Tua
there would be roughly enough friction
for about nine and a half seconds of pleasure.
It does look a little bit like Gollum.
What's that?
Sorry you're discussing Hock-Tua
the darling of
of memes right now.
She basically
in big talk style interviews said that
the best way to please a man is to give him
a little of that Hock-Tua.
Yes I believe she is referring to
Spit-A-Go-La-Falice.
Well anyway I think that only gives you
about nine and a half seconds of pleasure
maybe even less if you were in a dry area
like Death Valley or New Mexico.
Honestly
I think she should probably spit about 20 times
in order to finish her partner to completion.
You're suggesting
that the spit itself
is what provides the pleasure?
Well I think that's what she suggested
she said hit it with a little Hock-Tua
there you go and I just say
oh my
there's a little Hock-Tua going on
somewhere in this park
there's a lot of Hock-Tua going on
and we and bless up to the Hock-Tua
I don't think that's the pleasurable type
well you never know that sounds like
enough Hock-Tua to get you closer
I'm just saying one Hock-Tua by itself
if I spit on this mic
does that do it for you?
I don't feel it through the mic
I'd prefer not to
well just go with me
please do a hypothetical with me
imagine one
the spit is more of a
starter it gets you going
I think I do have to cut off the opinions for the day by the way
nine is a lot
so we're gonna get through these nine
but we're gonna put a hold on it for now
the opinions are paused
exclamation point trip will not work
I guess the opinions so far today
will reactivate them another day
okay
so you think how many
you think 20, 40 how many spits
I think you have to follow up with a suck
interesting
I hadn't considered that
clearly
okay one spit
how many spits per sock
how long is a sock great question
okay I'd say one spit
per minute of suck
per minute
that's at least 20 sucks
you're getting 20 minutes
who are you dating that's giving you 20 minutes
I think my I think my figure was accurate
20 spits for a 20 minute
suck
this is getting filthy it is not filthy
it's scientific
you have to suck your microphone
I knew it I knew you
just came over here to spit and suck my mic
I asked I'm just asking
no don't don't and that's
enough out of you all right
I am a big fan
I'm a big fan
but that's all the time we have
for now that is all the time we have
for now
okay let's try that again
with somebody else
thank you for the
opinions on Haktua my man
everybody's very teethy today
they're kidding a lot of
we're gonna go out of mouth
let's talk to this guy
let's see what this guy's deal is
okay
excuse me there sir
you look like a spicy want to talk to what's your deal
let me see if I
let me see if I can skip this one actually
uh oh
trip
your system has failed you again
let's try this one more time
I'll be right back
oh no trip you broke your system
instantly
there are so many spicy opinions waiting for you
we're gonna have to do this old school style
just a second
do do do do
don't worry this is still a good way for me
to sort through my thoughts
what are you talking about
listen who's that jumping out of the sky
it's me
Rey Mysterio
and I support how Papito treats his kids
your Rey Mysterio
I'm the pirate Rey Mysterio
Captain Rey Mysterio
Rey Mysterio
you do realize there's a
very famous wrestler who does the
same thing
there can be two of the same name
there's probably another trip
Bradstein out there
you know I'm not sure about that actually
I don't know if there is another one
I think I might be a god damn pure original
okay well anyway
I'm just saying I support how Papito treats his kids
why is that because there's too much pressure on dads
to do anything
well somebody's got to raise the fucking kids
well for dogs
just the mom probably right
that's pretty sexist my man
not for dogs
so why not for guys
you're just saying
make women do it
I'm saying let them
do you even have any kids
I've got a lot
and I am looking for a way out
that's pretty awful
you're a bad dad
good dad now I want to be bad
but be accepted
I don't think that's an option
I think if you bend in your kids people will judge you
that sucks
I'm a I'm a pirate
yeah okay so then are you comfortable
being kind of a bad guy no I want to be
liked well then why the fuck are you a pirate
people love pirates
you get drunk and we're Johnny Depp
you get drunk and you're Johnny Depp
we're Johnny Depp all of us
and
okay well fine whatever
I got a lot of opinions to get through buddy
if that's all you got for me then that's all you got for me
that's all I got for ya
alright well thanks so much
and thank you Tripp
I don't say enough big fan
okay
I think I realized the issue that I caused
I can't actually stop the opinions
there's no stopping this opinion train
or I can't I can't cycle through them
so next time we just won't stop them
okay well there's a lot of opinions
that's understandable
you know a lot of Pepito fans out there
I'm one of them myself
um
and
it's hard to say what the right
what the right take here is
and I'm glad to see that you know
we're getting a variety of opinions today
let's see what other dogs have to think
because I do think there's a couple dogs
just sort of staring me down I think
they're interested to weigh in on
the hot topics of the day
and there's no hotter topic than this right now
I don't know if this one's
really worth bringing out but we're gonna do it anyway
do you mind talking to me I am Tripp Radstein
Tripp I simply
will not stand
for this Pepito slander
okay
I can barely see you
I'm hiding behind it's my birthday
happy birthday
to me thank you
listen he couldn't have been pregnant
that dog he was serving a brief stint
in federal prison for raiding the capital
on January 6th at the time
that's not exactly clearing
his name thank you for the birthday wishes
stay focused dog
okay okay listen
this is just the case of a desperate woman
trying to claim cheese
that she didn't earn
and doesn't deserve
Pepito's a good boy okay
I'm he is a good boy okay
then would he do this
would he do this on my birthday
well he didn't do it on your birthday he did it a while ago
the kids have already come out
happy birthday to me
you're just so immobile
and there's a
you're holding that birthday sign so still
it's my birthday
I think it's I mean
he kind of admitted it you're
you're excusing it even though he admitted it he's a dog
and he's a good boy
let it go trip
you brought it up
everybody's bringing it up
are you want to be those kids
no I'm too big he's a little guy
you are a pretty big boy
you're like Clifford's eyes almost
I'm not Clifford's bigger than me
he can step on a house
Clifford has killed people
with his giant
paws
crashing through bodies that are unaware
he gets pumped up he goes for a ball
17 dead
Jesus Christ Clifford is
an irresponsible boy
and too big
I'm a responsible pretty big guy
okay
well he's really slandering Clifford
he's he's
there's blood on his paws
just jamming those paws
through people when he goes to fetch a ball
panics a little
he gets too pumped up he buzzes
he mushes people up
okay
Clifford the big bad murderer
the big bad murderer
Clifford the big bad killer
okay well
thanks for your time
and thank you for your time
and Clifford should do some
he's in trouble
okay
let's see who else is out here today
I'm sure there's some people worth talking to out here
all right this guy
looks familiar I guess
in a weird way let's see what's up
Tripp I simply
one second
this isn't what I wanted to say to you actually
not what I wanted to say
a loop-de-loop twisty-wee
your permit to tape at the mall
and litter airy walk
in central park has expired
in other words your
your band
hi Rob hello Tripp
what are you do distracted by
my powerful masculine aura
are you stunned into silence
I'm not why would I be surprised to see you
why would I be surprised to see you
because I ride it up that
you got a whole course of loops
and are they twisted and the we at the
end is your band
get out of this park
a literary walk has
your your unlicensed
for those
I well
this is it we are allowed to tape the park
everybody's got their phones out
this is an official I checked with the city
though and this is for broadcast
and you actually need a specific license
to use the park for broadcast
I have that nice
what yeah I haven't
just check with my producer what
what the
it could be any piece of paper she could be holding up any piece of paper
go read it
obviously I would need a lawyer down here to verify this
then get one I well
or band though so why would I waste the time
well I reject your
band because I'm claiming to have the paper so if you want
to dispute this
you'll have to go lawyer up
oh that's
cute that's cute
that's real cute that you think you can do
to me your man but pine
I'll be back
I'll be back with I'll be back with a guy
defended OJ you're going all the way
back to the 90s for this
I know whether I got I'm going with
OJ
I'm not going to cock ring I'm going to get a lawyer
and I'll be back
you think you're so good
well I'm a big fan
what he says a big fan
okay well
let's see who else is out here today
we still have quite a few opinions to get through
hmm
and I find this opinion
locating opinion
okay
this looks
like the guy I'm looking for
unfortunately
hmm
let's see what he has to say for himself
sort of a hot button issue right now
do you it's trip red scene you want to talk to me
oh
we're in the champions club
okay that's maybe it's not him
it's me it's doctor disrespect
I want to get one thing straight
it was a minor infraction
I've dug deep
inside
like a minor
the digging type to work on myself
please allow me
a minor moment of time for reflection
and the doctor
we'll be back
to disrespect in that ass
before you know it
yo
Pedro
what
Julio
are you just saying you're trying out new Spanish names
Fernando
you got to change a lot of things now
you have to change a lot of things
but you forgive me right
me
no
oh Papito can I take that
you can't know
you can't have Papito he's in trouble right now
he was bad and he impregnated other dogs
that's fine
how old were they
in dog years they were
17
that's fine
like
for dogs
for dogs that's fine
what you feel bad about what you did
I said I was like
as a man
as a man
oops
legally and professionally
I did absolutely nothing wrong
and I think that's worth pointing out
you know
woo
Ferraris
I'm off my game a little bit
this is why I need to go on vacation
I'm off some of my catchphrases
they're not coming as easy for some reason
there's a fog in my brain
I'll look into that
golden glorious distance
where I see the future shining bright
and for some reason it is
a foggy
murky
infinite mist
that whispers at me
it's over
you're a
nothing you do
halts the relentless passage of time
the energy is fading
you're a sad
facsimile
of the idea of excitement
and purpose
what
okay
you're bumming me out doc
what do you mean
there's a lot of reasons you could be bumming me out but
just
yeah I think you're taking some time away
is their minimum
what you should do
alright
just know I'll be taking time away in the winner's circle
and it's all good
I forgive you
you forgive me
if it's not good enough for you then get the fuck out
but I forgive you
hmm
okay well
you accept my forgiveness
maybe that's what it takes
join the disrespect cult
you're in the winner's circle
in the disrespect cult
it's a 20% tithing on your
salary
it's a limited players club
you have to come live in my compound
you have to watch me play this character
24-7
in roblox and in life
and
all the bathrooms are
glass
we're gonna go then
okay later
San Antonio
uh
Frederico
he's having trouble
he's having trouble holding it together on a very basic level
based on that conversation
he doesn't sound like himself at all
and himself doesn't sound that good sometimes
okay let's talk to this next one
what do you gotta say for yourself
I think a lot of people would like to know
but you know here
yes
I didn't sniff any sniff
I didn't realize how big my balls were
you did it yourself
they were huge they were easy to get to
they were dragging around
I just always wondered what was dragging back there
like a couple oranges
like you know you get to the bottom of a big bag of oranges
the two biggest oranges are at the bottom
that's a long sack
with two big oranges
get your hand out of here
sorry there's someone below me raising up their hand
I have paws
anyway
I got rid of them
and I'm bleeding a lot
Jesus Christ
such a long, gross sack
dragging all around behind me
I thought I had a big old tail which I do
but outside a big
gross, long sack
with two big balls
anyway I took the oranges out
and I got orange juice everywhere
I did
you just had an orange sack
tangled up in your fucking legs
oh
also you're standing so close to the camera
it's making you look huge
he's actually tiny
just an inch from the fucking camera right now
that's not what balls are
you just cut off like a grocery store
orange sack
I guess you nod through it
yeah I nod through it I couldn't find scissors and I don't have thumbs
are we sure I have balls
I kind of can't
tell what's going on down there
your body is
confusing
yes because I'm a dog
you are
do you want to play fetch? I do yeah
okay well I have one more opinion to get to
I think
or maybe more
do we need to start to get you out here
why are you gonna not throw a thing
I got a thing
I got a thing
I'm gonna throw it
are you ready?
I had to throw it really hard so I threw my whole body into it
but that's one way to handle a papito
it worked
alright let's see who else is here today
um
oh boy this guy looks a lot like the last guy
do you want to talk to me
excuse me would you like to
have a word of old trippy bee
I gotta burn through these now
hey
doctor disinfect here
I just wanted to proclaim it's now
my time to shine
I am actually a medical doctor
not like that fake youtuber
your
doctor disinfect
a brief cameo in the
b4g4
era of the revival
of g4 tv
that's who you're talking to
and I'm finally about to take off
a medical doctor
debatably
a tv character
I don't think you were ever on tv
I mean
anything on the revival of g4 is debatably
a tv character
okay well no need to own me
like that
cause I don't think Comcast even owns me technically
I think I'm too obscure
and I think technically
my medical license is covered under parody law
I'm just saying I can fill right in
got glasses under my glasses
doctor
I'm clean
I can disinfect his whole reputation
by being a different guy
I just don't think you got the same energy
I can let's just pick a different
Spanish name
he was onto it let's give me one
Alfredo
Alfredo
I think he stopped
saying that maybe nah I'm sure he still said that
I don't know if he did well anyway
I'm open for business
I wanna make a game or you got headphones
that you need to sell I'll fucking do it
gfuel whatever
I'll sell these fuck I'm a doctor
I will launder my reputation
it's already bad
but I literally went to medical school
my life hasn't worked out since then
but I will use
I'll use my degree to just fucking sell
poison I don't give a shit
but I will not touch kids
you're already
you're off to a bad start
I'm not gonna touch I will poison kids
but I'm not gonna touch him
I'm on fucking twitch you can say this stuff
I guess so
I'm also a huge fan of you
I really relate to you
I'm good on that compliment
I'm good
winners square
I'll make it my own
alright well thanks doc
catch that out I'm just him
I can just be him
I think we have one more
um
oh god
we're really running the gambit today
um
I don't know if I can find this guy though
but I hate to do him a disservice
by
finding the wrong guy
that doesn't look like him too much
um
alright we'll just say this to him whatever
do you mind talking to me you look like a nice
guy I guess
hello
it's me Val Kilmer
ok once with all this
about me being dead
not only am I very much alive
I'm selling prints of my
original art on my website
Val star star star star star
for the low price
of $500
get them while you can trip
limited prints available
limited
you're very shiny you look like a celebrity
it's because I still am
and I have to do a little voice modulation
because of
actually real
road issues that
let's not get into that
we should let the actual guy talk about that
what do you mean I'm the actual guy
what
exactly star power
get those paintings
well hey I never saw your documentary
but it seems like you've lived a
varied and complicated life
and occasionally maybe been an awful guy
well
some more than others
and God bless on your journey to
whatever it is you're doing
mostly
recovering
yeah
yeah I don't want to
I don't feel qualified somebody call back in doctor disinfect
I don't feel qualified to talk about this stuff
oh doctor disinfect
love that guy
the winners
you're a doctor disinfect then
the six guys it is
not a stream
we're a small but loyal bunch and it's growing
the doctor disinfects
disinfecting
the nets
it's fun I swear
it's such a good time
really fun
winners circle
building
why is everyone trying to steal
it's just up for grabs anybody can take that IP right now
when the when IP is weak
you swoop in you take it
that's how I got that's how I got the whole
conspiracy franchise in 2008
franchise oh yeah
we're going big with conspiracy eventually
I just got to say it
I'm laying in the cut right now but conspiracy 2
conspiracy red featuring
Santa and the rock it's all in the works
it's all coming up Kilmer baby
well you know I honestly hope so because it sounds like
he's been through a lot and assuming you were him
then I guess that would be
a nice to say
you got to believe baby
that's what Hollywood's all about
Hollywood
well you sound
like you can talk which is
I think unfortunately more than the real
about Kilmer can do
so I'm him man
okay that's all the time we got okay well
oh you're leaving yeah I'm out of here bye bye I'm a huge
star oh he's not a huge fan he's a huge star
that's fair I guess
okay I think we actually got through all those
opinions were a negative one opinion
that
one took us out of the positive
opinion space
well let's go ahead and
we'll reset our opinion counter
there we go
now we're back at a strong baseline
conspiracy to the omega complex
is a great mark
the coat the coat way sorry
the Koskis film
conspiracy to
the omega complex
live in sleazy doesn't lie so whoa
no one's there I got I got nervous
live in sleazy doesn't lie so that's honestly
probably true check it out
yours disappeared I'll find yours Waco's
I can find it
I will find it
it's up here somewhere
located
don't worry we got your back I thought I
was done I haven't even begun to
opinion
all right let's see what this guy's up to
okay oh boy this
guy's coming in at me hard what's your deal
got a got a thought for me I'm Trippy B
number one Velcomer fan
Cal Vilmer your Cal
Vilmer why are people disrespecting
my main man so much today
it was top
in top gun and the best Batman
well that's coming from a
apparently a Batman yeah
so you know I mean it
I might not be big but
I'm a big fan
okay well I mean no disrespect to
Val Kilmer I've heard rumors that he
was a bit of a psycho in the 80s and 90s
but honestly who wasn't
everybody was going beast mode in the
80s and 90s especially if you were
number one Hollywood star which say what
you will he absolutely was
are you sure you're not just Val Kilmer
again but in a bat suit no I'm Cal
Vilmer number one fan
of Val Kilmer and Doctor Disinfect
oh my god I'm the other guy in
the I'm the twitch chat of it I'm in
his twitch check him out he's big
he's gonna he's coming he's gone from
two to six viewers recently and
it's only up from here
it's surprisingly hard to grow an audience on
twitch oh is it now
I'm gonna punch you with my tongue
whoa is that it you're trying to
you coming on to me
I don't know what you think cowboy
you wanna piece of this
okay well um
you're not it's not Christian bell
I'm not Christian bell
are you Christian bell did you lose
weight for another role
fine I'll admit it I'm Christian bell
whoa oh okay usually people just
deny deny deny on this
no I'm Christian bell yeah I had to lose
a 220
pounds for a role and
I got about 60%
of my body mass removed
to play Lego Batman
I thought you were done with Batman oh yeah
but I was like one of you is a Lego that's a challenge
I've never had before
and
I think I can do it better than that other
fucking Lego Batman
didn't we learn that I thought he
thought he did great now
I can do I can bring more he just
wasn't real with it I'm gonna bring a
realness to it what if your body
really was this stiff well I found
out I had to do extreme surgery
on me okay
Lego my Batman that's a good one
I'm using that I'm using that
you're using that I'm you
incorporating that into the character
okay swear to
keep my body attached to
my legs even if you put me in a
big bin of Legos a big bin of Legos
okay you're doing method acting
right now I'm thinking I'm thinking as the character
okay well thanks for being here
sorry that I missed you earlier I was just waiting
there and you almost passed me over
okay sorry
sorry about that thanks for the apology
okay thanks thanks for stopping by
I'm a big fan of doctor disinfect
bye bye
I find the only doc doctor disinfect
fans today there should not be that many
that's fine
I can't read that prop again
you hear the Rick Sanchez is back man
yeah he does sounds more like a
Rick and Morty Batman
there's seven of you now damn
those numbers are keep going I guess maybe
I mean he's coming for the number one spot
there's a big hole in the YouTube streaming
market and he's flooding into take it baby
all right well that's all the time we have
today I think we finally got through all those
opinions thanks for all those spicy ones today
we'll get this system up and running again
I won't stop it in the middle of it next time
and break it
we hit the reset button again there we go
okay
thank you all I'll be out here on these streets in fact
I'll never leave them I love the streets they are my home
and I am trip Bradstein the master of them see
you soon bye bye
and we didn't get the money of our
of the stories I claimed I was going to cover today
also I've been streaming all this under
skadoochy toilet ring
oh no I haven't okay never mind
let me ask Kendall she's sleeping
yeah looks like it updated while I was
complaining about it sport fight okay cool
I think we're gonna do like a quick
hour of Elden Ring that way I can't
even get salty because it's so short
and then we're gonna call it for the day
um
maybe tomorrow we'll talk about
AI customer service
and whenever the other thing was
can we raid doctor disinfect when we're done
I gotta fight he streams under a weird
handle I gotta sort it out
so unfortunately
as his customary as soon as I switch
over to
um
Elden Ring the whole stream is
gonna crash
because my stream
my base stream is
of bazillion files
but maybe we can find a couple more
skadoochies
raid that dude finch
well I mean I'm gonna technically
just crash my stream and not even raid
myself but I'm gonna attempt to
switch it over to the Elden Ring setup I
have
but it's probably gonna crash we're gonna do that right now
um
to get a little Elden bling
if I don't play it a little bit then I'll
literally never beat it
because it seems to be
like half as big as the base game which is crazy
clamor for the crash
I'll try to get it back as quick as I can
I'm switching over now we'll see you
on the other side of the veil
this is