I'm Pepita, I'm the dog that produces the show, and now it is live, and I'm a dog.
Who let the wet dog out?
I'm 10.
Yeah, hello everyone.
Good to see all these lovely names in chat.
I hope you're having a wonderful Monday.
It's America week.
It's the whole week of America.
What a time to be here.
Sabreche, Funnel Web, Mighty Oz, Apple Depple, Ray Silva,
Tasty, Zero, Skymer, others.
Good to see you.
Yeah, America time.
This is actually the only stream I'll be doing this week,
because I have to leave LA to celebrate America, obviously.
I can't be in this hot bed of un-American thought and celebrate America.
I need to go to Michigan.
It's actually Canada week.
Oh, I might have the wrong week.
Everybody, it's Canada week, which sounds good too.
To me, where the hell is chat?
Krum's using his help hours to silence us.
Don't worry, we got it back.
If Krum gonna be in a honey sack when this happens,
is Krum gonna be in a honey sack when this happens?
That could happen at any point.
The Ferris wheel doesn't work at the Great American Fair.
How do you screw that up?
I mean, I couldn't get a Ferris wheel to work.
I couldn't build and set up a Ferris wheel.
So who am I to judge our beautiful fair?
Look how much fair is going on.
There's plenty of fair to go around.
Look at all this fair.
And it's because there's tons of people here.
It's a huge space.
And it's just gonna get more and more crowded as the week goes on.
Not only do we have a lot of people here,
we have people that you want to have.
Like Stacey Garrity.
That will be the next governor of Pennsylvania right there.
Oh, hell yeah.
Stacey Garrity's there?
And it's because there's tons of people here.
That would be a lot of people for an improv show.
Let me just put that out there.
If I had that turnout for an improv show in my 20s,
I would have been thrilled.
Congratulations on your improv show.
No, no, that was the turnout for the 250th celebration
sponsored by the president and the entire executive government.
Not one of my improv shows in my 20th.
Okay, congratulations on that then.
There were an estimated 200k people at the local FIFA Fan Fest
at one time Saturday.
Yeah, but this like, you know, you can't compare
like the most popular thing to essentially an educational event.
This event is all about learning about America.
So the turnout for learning is good compared to sports.
You see, it's like measuring yourself against like the most popular kid in school
at all times for your popularity.
You don't want to do that.
$22 hot dogs.
Do you ever in your wildest dreams think you may be doing your Sunday show
from a state fair on the National Mall?
How great is that?
It's really, it's really something.
And the weather, not the best today, but people are still coming out.
People are still coming.
Listen, we need rain.
So we'll take it.
Well, the farmers need the rain.
So we're going to be okay with it.
You hear that?
Everyone, the farmers need the rain.
We understand that here.
And that is why we grow.
Fox News set up a studio on the mall.
Yeah, we just we're checking that out.
I haven't really kept up with all of the late and breaking
national fair news.
I if I just have this Michigan trip book.
So there's no way I could go myself, unfortunately,
but look at this beautiful, they've built incredible arches.
It's like where the Paris of America now is DC.
That is, I mean, you can't deny that that's an arch one nation
under God, indivisible with possibly duct taped walls.
Anyway, point is it's good enough for Halloween,
Horror Nights.
It's good enough for the national fair.
Yeah, I got to write Michigan in America.
The power went out of at the fair meeting,
melting all the ice cream.
What don't they have it in little carts?
Maybe the power went out in the carts.
Wait, what is that?
That's some kind of arch.
It's supposed to be an arch.
I guess kind of like Paris is the Ark Day Freedom.
It reminds me of the scene in Hercules
where he knocks over all the pillars on that guy
with the pots, but I don't think you'd have to be
Hercules strong to knock down those arches.
Well, I mean, look at all these people around
and it's still standing strong.
I do not know why this is what they went with.
I feel like you get slightly more structurally
sound centerpieces at your cousin's wedding.
So they should have hired a wedding centerpiece builder
to build this.
Instead, maybe they just used some of the leftover
ring crew from the UFC event to put this up.
And that's just not fair because they're not used
to building arches.
They build rings.
Trump doesn't know quality.
You don't understand how quickly they had to build this.
For America.
We only had 250 years to get this arch in order.
See, you hear that solid knock?
Look at the beautiful embellishments on the center.
Oh, yeah.
That's hand carved printouts.
Reflection pool construction incoming.
The reflection pools will work in progress.
That's not going to be ready for the 250.
Yes, they finished it, but then they
realized they had to finish it more.
That's more of an America 300 event.
And by then, who knows what we'll be living
in that pool that can celebrate with us.
Apparently, according to Aaron Rupar,
the marquee attraction at Trump's fair today
was a pancake eating contest where the
contestants were gagging
and nearly puking.
That's not that.
That is just how pancake eating contests are.
And this morning for younger Americans put their stomachs
to the test with a pancake eating contest.
That's tough on any day, let alone in this kind of heat.
The winner was determined by audience applause.
The guy who won appeared really worried.
He wasn't going to be able to keep the pancakes down.
But in the end, he made today the focus.
And this morning for it's a fair.
What can you do?
It's a fair.
You could do something else would be the answer.
Maybe you don't do a whole week long fair.
This is supposedly going for a week, right?
America 250 fair length.
Isn't it all week?
June 25th to July 10th?
It can't be two weeks long, can it?
That's a lot of fair.
16 days?
Well, look, attendees are pacing themselves in that case.
When's the America 250?
Isn't there a concert also where like iced tea is performing?
Oh, wait.
No, they scrapped it.
They scrapped at least vanilla ice's performance.
Post Malone to headline salute to America's 250 birthday.
Yeah, vanilla.
I guess it's a concert that's extending over a couple days.
I do think if they get a couple of lice, lice, baby,
maybe that's who they'll replace them with.
They'll get a lice band.
They'll get like one of those flea bands.
Someone will come out with a terrarium and set it down
and then a bunch of music will like put a mic up to it
and a bunch of music will happen.
Don't besmirch iced tea.
He hates Trump.
That, sure.
I haven't looked into it.
I did assume the exact opposite based on the hats he wears
and the things he said, but I could be wrong.
Maybe all that stuff was ironic and also performing here.
And Post Malone also will be there.
Who's like iced tea if he'd actually had multiple hits.
Oh, I'm saying, I'm saying iced tea.
I mean vanilla ice.
I'm getting my ice as confused.
It's gonna adjust, ma'am, a gin to 300 shiny tasting corns.
Ice cube and iced tea.
Both the types of ice.
They get a funnel cake, a funnel cake,
and he'll let me get some when I get it.
There's too many ice people and not the organization.
I can't be expected to keep track of basic facts on this news stream.
My brain really does like to switch people's names out,
which sometimes is probably not the best.
Anyway, the hype train, I guess, is also here.
So at least there's that.
I can't mess that up.
I knew that it was vanilla ice tea.
Are you saying there's not enough of the ice organization?
It's just a promise there's a lot of things with ice in the name.
It turns out.
Ice World Truckers.
An anti-vanilla ice cream.
No, there's always pro-vanilla ice cream and pro-ice tea.
Ice spice?
Yeah, there's also ice spice.
And I don't know if it's the ice cream or the vanilla ice cream.
I don't know if it's the ice cream or the vanilla ice cream.
I don't know if it's the ice cream or the vanilla ice cream.
And I don't know where ice spice stands politically.
What's the best ice centric name?
Trying times.
Which name is the most quality ice name?
People want to know.
Bud ice.
Ice Pepito.
Ice Ladel.
Ice Ladel.
You know, vanilla ice's concert apparently got cancelled, Matt.
So if you can sneak in as Ice Ladel.
You could inject our incendiary anti-American politics into the 250th fair celebration.
Or you could just do vanilla ice covers, whichever you want.
Ice Ladel is pretty strong.
Bring back the blood bowl.
Finally, some stuff I can agree with on this dream.
Yes, please.
I do feel bad for besmirching Ice Tea's name.
Who's surprisingly I've met?
And he seemed nice.
I was working on a job once where he was there.
And he did spend most of the time talking really openly to his agent.
And I won't share because it was a private conversation he was having with 50 people in the room.
But he was mostly on really loud phone calls.
But he seemed very nice on the phone calls.
But he was making lots of business decisions very publicly.
And I was like, huh, I guess he's just, he knows he's not going to make a mistake.
So he's not afraid to let us hear how much he's getting paid
and how much he wants to get paid to do various things.
Yeah, happy birthday from Ice Tea.
He arrested me?
I haven't even made it onto SVU.
And I would play any degenerate they want.
Pick your degenerate.
I'll be the guy at the beginning who's working at a coffee shop
and won't give them enough information.
Or from there, any of the various freaks.
You think that's just full of freaks?
Well, the cops are the good guys.
So I would have to play probably not a cop.
Move, Chef SVU.
SUV.
Move, Chef SUV.
That's a, that's a different thing.
That's for the national tour.
Shut up.
It's time for me to, it's time for me to wrap up.
I guess, I guess if that's what you want to do today.
I just said it is.
Give me an ice type beat and just tell me what that means.
Fortunately, it's not the ice I don't like type beat.
It would appear.
This is called ice.
I wonder what the politics of this SpongeBob are.
I'll never know.
Ice fair rap type beats.
Ice is on my neck.
Ice on the drip.
Ice on my lip.
That's going to make me slip.
Ice like to tell you this.
That when I take a nice cold ice, ice piss.
It comes out cold.
That's right, my piss is cold.
It's been that way from when I was young to now that I'm old.
I'm pissing out rice.
And you know what feels nice in the shower?
It's feeling so great in the hot shower.
Some nice piss on your feet.
That's a real nice skin treat.
Fold me, me, me.
I don't shower, of course, because I am a train.
But I could sneak into your shower and ice on you, man.
I'm talking golden.
Frozen.
Now I'm in the fucking zone.
I'm making Igloo.
Every time I can't explode.
I thought you didn't have genitals.
It's a metaphor case.
For what?
For pissing ice cold.
Great.
Do you want to take over the 250 celebration?
Maybe you can fill in for vanilla ice.
Your concert was canceled, but I am too much to handle.
I've never been fair.
So I know the people don't care if I come on stage.
And I rage and I piss all over their face.
Now they frozen in place.
And they got nothing to say.
Because their lips are sealed by my ice appeal.
Fuckings, it's out of me.
And you know that it's real.
This ain't about how I feel.
This is the new fucking deal.
Call me FDR because I'm riding like a car.
I'm in my fucking two wheeler.
And you know how I feel.
Food motherfucking relotion.
So you know I'm bringing the piss emotion.
And the emotion today is burnt.
I think we have to tear this business up.
There's a fact from the front to the back.
I know that you get it chatting.
That you never will relax.
Because you can feel the creeping on your nerve endings.
When I piss, that is a feeling ending.
Because you too cold now to know what you did.
How I did it.
Oh, I fucking pissed it.
And you know that's the way I live it.
Yes.
Yes, sis.
Cold that's all I see.
A little bit of Eldrick B48.
But they've been doing it, baby.
Okay.
Apple WC knows that they are still addicted to the staple.
And they got a panther coming in.
Because you know for a fact that it was never a fucking hassle.
Okay.
Oh, yes.
Giggle trash.
You the best.
That's one community sub.
Tam Tran is well far from above.
What the fuck's up now?
Oh, whoa.
Too much keeping me alive.
You know that I'll never die.
Because of all the ice cold piss I got inside.
Yes.
Mighty Oz is well fine.
Five community subs from the hail.
God damn.
That makes me feel like I'm fucking Isla Dale.
Oh, yes.
Call me or really yes.
Or call me the most frozen piss plus.
I got giggle trash with 100 piss from the butt.
And you know what's up.
Yes.
But we are gonna keep me alive on New Year.
It's a new-
What?
New year.
What?
New year.
Because I count the year from July 4th.
I'm a hype train.
That means that I'm American, of course.
Because America's a hype, right?
America's a hype, right?
Yeah.
Patriotism.
That's how I'm living.
Yeah.
I got a fucking little piss in me.
And that's yeah.
That's yeah.
That's yeah.
That's yeah.
Hey, yeah, hey, yeah, hey, yeah.
Yes.
We kind of lost our hype.
What?
Since when?
Uh, you know, steadily.
Steadily since the beginning, I'd say.
And that's why you're not at the fair.
But I'm right there.
That's right.
This used to be the National Mall.
Where I am right now.
Then I built myself a little house on a frozen piss.
And then I froze up the National Mall with all my piss.
And now it's a winter wonderland.
The where you always are is the National Mall?
No, I just made it look like where I usually am.
I can't help it if I like to remodel.
That's right.
Come on, Chad.
Let's follow me on my train of thought.
I'm on the spot and I really froze this place
when I let the piss drop.
That's right.
I'm creating a nuclear return,
but I ain't even going to stop
because I'm no beginner.
I've been pissing for years.
I've been pissing for days.
And now I got the whole National Mall frozen.
Okay.
Okay.
Yeah, I got you.
And the fair is popping off.
It was full of when I pissed.
There were a couple of people that we lost.
They're under the snow,
but I swear I'm going to let them glow.
And then they'll pop out of the snow
and there will be a show and you will know
there's a million people on the mall.
The fair isn't success and that's not all.
It's also a great place to taste my piss.
A great place?
A great place to piss.
And also a great place to taste my piss.
The place is pissing.
The place is pissing.
That's how I live.
And I don't get rid of a single
metric ounce of my piss.
Yes, president.
What the fuck is this?
You talked over the president on America's birthday.
Former president.
And it's a birthday week.
It's a birthday week.
Freedom 250.
I'm getting pissy.
And it's ice cold, baby.
Nice all day.
Yeah, I think I might keep talking about piss
for the whole time I'm here.
Yes, I figured you would do that.
I'm a jammed 500 shun.
You tasty coins.
Yes, Mr. President.
I want to interrupt you.
I used to piss man real talk all day, every day.
Now I'm like this.
Just remember the good old pissy days.
Wake up us.
You nice Korean piss.
Make laws piss.
We're ringing it in.
I think you might have missed some of the...
Did you miss anything?
Did the hype train miss anything?
No, I'm immaculate in my ability to paint shit.
Well, make sure you didn't miss anybody
because you're really busy talking
about how you're freezing the national mall
with your piss.
That's past tense because I already did that.
Pissing all night and you know that I like to shout out
the new follow from Adam Vanenlite
and A.I. Rooney was requested today
and A.V.C.P. resub down case.
That's something that I already did say.
I don't know but anyway we got currently working
44 months in the national mall.
We pissing and jerking.
That's the day it's not necessarily
piss from the pants.
Giggle trash 500 bits.
Yes, man.
We got bumble sprouting.
There's no doubt they had five community subs.
They gave them right out.
What's up, president?
Piss, piss, piss.
You say pice?
You said pice, yeah?
You can piss and pice.
Pissing and jerking?
Yeah, what does the jerking mean?
Pissing like a dance.
It's just a dance.
You know the jerk?
You ever done the jerk?
I'm not sure what you're asking, hype train.
I guess you're not cool enough to jerk it with me then.
I guess I'm not.
And well, why were you just admitted that?
In front of everybody.
You must be pretty embarrassing.
I feel okay about it.
John Michael Ezweil still giving them hell
100 bits from me.
Despite the smell of the pissy snow
that I exist in pales.
Toilets are for eggs?
Yeah, I agree with that.
Okay?
I mostly am a toilet egg man currently.
And I'm the one who doesn't make sense?
Usually, but I am currently making a lot of toilet egg content.
If anyone's just joining us, we understand that you have to leave
and that we'll never see you again.
It'll make sense once all these toilet videos go viral.
Zero new followers now we're cooking?
Absolutely new, no new followers.
Why would they even bother, sir?
When I'm so cold that the piss goes burnt?
You better put on a couple new furs
because my piss might freeze the whole damn world.
Toilet egg man Sonic the Hedgehog is gonna have a fit.
Maybe if I combine toilets and Sonic,
that will be what makes these videos go viral.
As long as they go viral, that's the only goal.
Um, well guys, thank you.
Thank you all for the bits and subs.
Very kind.
Propelling the hype train to high levels
every time we're on the stream, we're super close.
To the merch drop.
I think this will be a post-July 4th merch drop
because I will be gone from this Monday until next Wednesday.
I'm gone from Tuesday to Tuesday, unfortunately.
You gonna be the furry views?
We'll take them.
You know we won't mistake them for non-furry views
because we have non-furries here that we'd like to lose.
Let's sell some put-ons first.
That's what I choose.
I want to see a bunch of wolves and others off in the chat.
Maybe a couple birds.
Is that a furry man?
I don't know if people dressed as birds counts as furries.
Uh, well you know, a rubbery wolf would know better than me.
But, don't you kind of have to be a furry creature?
To count as a furry?
Does a bird count?
If you're dressed as like the evil birds from, um,
Five Nights at Freddy's, is that still furry?
Big bird is definitely a furry.
That would be a feathery.
Is that a thing?
Rubbery wolf says a bird counts.
So is this just kind of any big animal that you are?
Birds are furry.
I'm in a hurry.
To put on my bird furry and watch everyone scurry up to me
saying damn train, dang you, you look way too sexy.
Big bird, have you heard?
I just flipped the whole world.
Lizards and sharks are scallies.
So is hype train, what are you then?
Uh, a trainee.
Nope, don't say that again, please.
Oh yeah, okay, that's fair.
I guess that I'm a telekin smooth meanie.
If you rub my belly then I will never lose
because I stay too hard.
I'm a train type car and you know I'm a fucking star.
And I got no scars.
Okay.
Because I have never been hit.
Even though for four years I've been pumping out the hits.
I am too legit to ever fucking quit.
So call me Ice Train, baby.
I am so slick.
Uh, Electro Leckie.
Thank you so much for the three stream streak.
I let you to see it.
Electro while being.
So shock me, baby, because you know that I made it.
Dilemma, thank you so much for the 24 months.
I'll do the things here, okay?
Let me be clear.
Wow, that's almost a whole fucking year.
Actually, 44 months.
I think that three, baby.
Weird.
Oh, my old roommate's a sea slug.
Is she a slimy?
Yes.
Was an Ice Train an old wrestler?
I don't know.
Ice Train wrestler.
Yes.
Yeah, look at these arms.
God damn.
Were they ever an old?
Well, I don't know how old.
Oh, they passed away.
RIP to Ice Train.
RIP or 30 Stream Streak?
Thoughts and condolences.
I'm so sorry.
RIP, respect to Ice Train.
Sorry, I did not mean to steal your name.
Well, actually, I am the hype Ice Train.
So I guess that actually the name doesn't change.
07's in the chat because we respect that, man.
He's got arms so big my pants can't even freeze them.
And it actually is a huge fight sign of respect because usually my piss can't freeze anything.
God damn.
Great.
Huh?
Are you just saying words now?
D'yop.
All right.
So you're just out of things to say.
Nop.
Selling those forbidden snow cones.
He's in a nice mood.
He can combine usually one thing a day with piss
and then talk about it for 20 minutes.
Don't put me in a box.
I can also combine piss with connectors.
They were like legozicks.
They were long sticks that you'd stick together and they were fun.
And you could make ferris wheels with them.
Maybe they could get them along and actually work.
Do you know what I mean?
Make it work.
Trump, get a connector set.
Make that trevus wheel work.
Ferret wheels?
That's the shit that I really feel.
Get a couple ferrets in the field and see if they can make a fucking ferris wheel.
Now it's a ferret wheel.
Great.
Connectors, you don't just build it, you bring them to life.
Somebody remembers.
I remember.
What if I told you my heart was made out of connectors?
Then I'd say be really careful with it because they were quite easy to break.
Are ferrets fine?
Yes.
Are lizards furry?
Yes.
No, they're scallies.
Are scallies furry?
I think they're scallies.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
God, look at this beat.
The whole crew is up for this beat.
Why is it so consistent?
Why is this always...
What is it?
What is it in the atmosphere that creates this and Venice Beach style of art?
YouTube Thumbnails Venice Beach.
Something Uzumaki style is swirling together towards some connective point where the powers of
Venice Beach and YouTube thumbnails create infinite, split out, SpongeBob's, Bart's,
Looney Tunes.
Do you blame Kassim?
Maybe Kassim's infected this reality with his energy and it's bleeding into everything.
Look at this playlist.
It is all...
Well, okay, it's not entirely split out cartoons, but it mostly is.
Look at this one.
These are AI beats at this point.
I don't want to speak poorly of Jinks beats, Jackson beats.
These might all be Jackson beats.
But are they also now just infinite AI beats with split out minion thumbnails?
What's it Kassim?
Yeah, what's it Kassim?
What's it Kassim?
Is he like a possum?
Is he a man then?
I don't even know.
Can I call a Kassim?
I cannot.
He's actually stopped.
The beat done dropped and he's not hot.
Now he makes slop.
He's in the shop, pumping out the AI beats.
That's his new job actually.
You thought it was podcasts?
Well, it's not, baby.
Kassim has committed hard to AI slop.
And now every day he's in his fucking AI shop.
And he's flipping out the minions, but they're made out of green stock.
And they're all wearing bikinis and they let that pussy pop.
That's right, things with the pussy.
The shit's getting gushy.
They're made out of boogers and they got messy tushies.
What are you talking about now?
I'm talking about Kassim's new career where he makes minion booger porn.
I don't know how lucrative that is.
That's because you don't understand economics.
If you really want to make money, get a minion and pop it into some boogers and a thong.
Even if it is wrong, you gonna make money because you bricked up strong watching.
The one with the one eye, he's got a big surprise.
That's right, he's bending over, baby.
If you squint, you see an eye, but not the eye on his head.
Do you know the one on me, man?
I'm talking booger minion sexy shit and I'm not in bed.
I'm out here talking about it on the streets.
I'm sharing my fetish.
I got some minion booger porn and I might fucking get bricked up.
Yeah!
I'm cutting you off.
What?
I don't need to hear about bigger booger porn all day.
I thought there was a no cake shaming policy here.
I'm drawing a line around whatever it is that you're saying.
Giggle trash, thank you so much for the subs.
This is the last stream I'm doing for a week.
This is really the impression you want to leave on our very kind viewers that stick
with us through all of these 30 minute hype train piss booger rants.
Minion real 34 sub goal.
Yes!
Got my song going again.
Stream over.
Stream over!
The channel is a little insane.
That's probably true.
Or maybe it's the only rational channel on all of twitch.
Minion booger porn!
Okay.
I don't think minion booger porn is a thing.
Though I will say we were at the AMC.
We just watched Supergirl, which I was not unfortunately a hugest fan of and we walked outside
and their entire marquee right now is a big ad for the new minions movie.
And it is all the minions surfing inside of a goo monster.
So it's like just an army of minions surfing in yellow goo and the goo is filled with eyes.
I wonder if I can find this.
Minions new movie.
Cause honestly I walked out and it freaked me out.
But this is how they were promoting it.
Cause it really felt kinda like psychedelic in like a really unpleasant way.
Supergirl should have tried that marketing campaign.
Yeah that might have.
You know it wasn't this but this is close enough.
That this might be where the hype trains thinking of Minion booger porn.
Oh that wasn't why I was thinking of it.
Okay that wasn't why the hype train was thinking of it.
I guess he's just a legitimate fan.
But I'm just saying this shit is kind of disturbing looking.
This is surprisingly disturbing to me.
Ah stop go away.
Ah yeah here we go.
Except the one outside of the AMC 16 in Burbank.
All of this was the same color as the minions.
There were way more minions and they were like doing a bunch of different things
in the Minion goo.
I get the sense it's supposed to be like they're hanging out with a blob.
But it really looked like just a bunch of Minion swimming in a Minion.
And that was a lot to take in visually for me after seeing Supergirl for some reason.
Anyway Giltrash thank you for the gifted sub to MSG.
Skymer thank you so much for the five community subs.
Ray Silva I just had to share this with the world.
It's been weighing on me that I was so disturbed by this Minion poster.
And I wish I could show you the one that I was talking about but I can't.
It sounds hot.
It also sounded hot to the hype train.
You enjoyed Supergirl it's not perfect but it's still worth checking out.
I did not enjoy it.
Although I didn't hate it the way I hate some movies.
I just I couldn't seem to get invested in it or care about anything that was happening.
Which is a problem for me so in general I mean.
Oh my god guys we hit the merch goal.
All right and that means the goal while I'm on vacation.
Is to finish setting up my merch shop.
So that when I come back we can officially launch this thing.
We've done it.
I can use this as seed money.
For fairly price we can only hope merch.
Case hate anything not Chinese Blackwell.
I wonder how Supergirl is performing in China then.
They're just merging into the shimmering ocean of knowledge.
Describe a Neo-Buddhism literature.
Sobreche I think you might be right.
Maybe I'm just not on the minions level and that's why I'm jealous essentially of their
enlightenment and their ability to have fun inside a booger version of themselves.
I'm going to sell my used laundry I'm not.
I still haven't settled on which t-shirt slash hoodie service is the best.
But I'm going to now we will officially get it done.
I can't remember I haven't I don't think I've got any unread messages regarding
um if any of our community was interested in a t-shirt design because I will pay whoever we
actually use but if we don't have anybody that particularly wants to try their hand at it
then um you know I can figure it out.
We will figure it out.
Did Fiona show up she did.
You want merch that is Puffy Bear and Pepito saying our parents abandoned us.
There are a lot of niche merch options.
I mean just getting the low the logo on a shirt is too boring.
Even if I if I knew the logo it has to be some weirder version of it.
Hit up clobbering time.
Yeah I should message clobbering.
Sobreche will do some some designs.
Sobreche Sobreche sold merch nice.
Is there not a niche option.
There's everything I mean this whole thing is obviously a niche option that's a very
for point exterminator.
I just mean technically I guess if I do like a single specific character
I don't know if should I go with a more general shirt for this channel.
It's honestly not the biggest decision but I'd like to you know if you guys are going to
spend if anyone is going to spend money on it I'd prefer it be like a semi-decent shirt.
Direct to garment on-demand printing.
Crumb and a friend I could do a munch shirt and a crumb shirt we could do like a more
general shirt.
We could just do like a crumb shirt and a munch shirt and you can pick your side.
The only two sides apparently.
Crumb hang in there.
God crumb on a shirt though that means you have to have crumb on your face.
Splift out crumb and munch Venice Beach style.
The thing is again I'm only slightly held back from making a really insane shirt by like
imagining it forcing people if anyone wears this out in public I'll feel bad
if I'm giving you something really brutal to wear in public
because I know some of you maniacs might do it.
Rostecrum that could be how he makes amends to the Rostec community and myself for hosting his comments.
You'd actually wear a shirt with bin a crumb shirt would be insane.
Now that's the thing like I could potentially I don't think I would wear my own merch in public
because it feels like I'm crawling too far up my own ass but a shirt that just has like
some version of the logo on it or something and not like my face with a snapchat filter on it
really big.
This feels slightly more wearable for the average person but we're not dealing with
the average person we're dealing with advanced people in this chat.
A hate sock shirt tempting.
Also though the hate sock is potentially an image I don't own
I think depending on who who sock it is we'll put it that way.
Invisible Ricky would be a really easy shirt to do.
Brandon Clips get the most views by far so far.
Oh god our well the other thing and now that I've done now that we've got this merch
goal fulfilled I could finally go with my clip farming scheme here maybe we'll
temporarily replace this bar with a clip farming bar because my goal is to
is to do payouts for clip farming as like a little stream activity for a few weeks
or however long it takes to spend like 1500 bucks.
You've been clip farming non-stop I'm gonna have to do back pay for Steve.
Steve let me know what your channel is unless you don't want to which is fair
and I'll add you into this forthcoming project.
On demand you can have many designs the more obscure the better if someone gets it we'll
have to we'll have a stepbrothers moment true.
I guess if I do like cartoon versions of certain things on this stream then it doesn't have to be as brutal as just like a screenshot of me like
bigger news than the merch only 700 more subs for the 24 hour news stream what do you mean
is that yeah I used to make goals through twitch is there still a goal for a 24 hour news stream
on twitch hmm I can't even there is how do I get rid of that 1000 subs for a 24 hour news
stream is still on there it has been four years and I still really don't know how to use
the platform that I've been streaming on for four years which I think that actually means
I'm it's I'm really in it for the art everyone and that's what you should take away from that
it also my bio used to be full of typos and it could still be
no it kind of is I have every day is one word I just fixed that took me four years to fix
possibly the last typo in my stream bio listen to Matty's my tax attorney
hmm that's a good point a grunt shirt
do three eight-hour streams and said well the thing about the twitch which I don't even know how to get to like my twitch subgoals
because before I set up one through streamer bot which is what this one is which we can update it will
oh my gosh oh fuck all right we have to get going because I do not have that longest stream today as usual
all right I'll I'll abandon fixing this because it'll take me too long
let's get into the news and then we will we'll try to do the actual fast version
of the stream today where I don't let these segments sit for forever but you know we know how that usually goes
so but we better at least make our stab at it right now it's news time
no one's putting my face in chat don't you know that I own the monday time slot
me jerry blue oh you do do we have an actual schedule here I assume so that's why I do usually the first stream of the week
you don't always I'm pretty sure I always do doesn't sound like the kind of thing I do
where's Liliana what have you done with my colleague she's on an extended vacation
for as long as it takes for her to not feel like being on vacation anymore technically I think
eventually we can get her back there's also some new um
there is like a newer streaming thing that I looked at called dilulu stream
but it seemed too annoying to use and it does use AI which if I'm not running it locally I at
this point I'm fairly against doing um but anyway that it seems like with that one if I was
willing to use it if it worked better you could have a wider variety of faces on the stream
but anyway maybe someday we'll just get an actual snap camera back but uh
until then I don't know when Liliana will be back you miss her five o'clock shadow we all do
it brightened our days and darkened half of her face don't wait make waves make a ripple
that is good that is good and I'm taking it you're stealing it from Travis
it's stealing that it's mine now don't make waves make a ripple today in the news
where's the sun there it is uh that you already talked about this you already did the news
without me we already talked about the fair a little bit so just you're just gonna have to
move on to chat news and we have to try to make it snappy because I don't know time oh just time
fine uh in other news supreme court has rejected the trump bid to fire fed cook uh feds cook
what expands presidential powers the federal reserve has their own cook
they mean lisa cook or whatever her name is yeah it is lisa cook the federal reserve governor who
he doesn't like for whatever reason not raising interest rates or raising something interest
rates bond markets he doesn't like it well said yeah we covered it they both rejected
his ability to fire lisa cook but also seem to have increased his ability to fire people
associated with other federal um agencies so they like expanded his powers but said he couldn't
fire at least lisa cook the thing with trump and like the supreme court is he already doesn't
listen to congress like he already ignores various laws and just dictatorially sets agendas with
um you know presidential powers so at any point he could just stop listening to the supreme court
probably and and just pursue whatever he's going to pursue if he hey he probably already
has done that in some cases but i've heard at least that the administration is oddly responsive
to well somewhat responsive to court decisions i suspect that's because the republican party for
like the last 50 years has cooked all the courts and has like a way outsized influence in the
judicial system so like by maintaining some authority with the courts they basically maintain
a little bit more ability to say to legitimize their power and say well actually the courts
are on our side so if they go against the courts too much then maybe that emboldens congress slightly
to push back more against their various presidential proclamations but i don't know i mean the net
result seems to be possibly he could have his like a agenda gummed up by the courts and already
has had that happen in some cases we'll see i just i'm i'm always waiting for trump just be like
who cares who cares what the court say we're actually just doing it anyway uh isn't he still
doing tariffs after the supreme court ruled against them yes i guess there's also always a lot of
legally legal wiggle room even with court decisions free to potentially still do things
because presidential powers are so expanded at this point there's often weird legal justifications
to essentially do whatever you want so and we shouldn't obviously we shouldn't rely on the
supreme court to really protect us for much of anything at this point it is basically a
conservative institution but oh so preachy dmi about merge great i'll check that out for the stream
anyway they seem to be both expanding and contracting his powers at the same time so
we'll just call it a wash i suspect he's still going to continue to pursue his agenda however
he wants you hope about uh split out papito occurs has papito ever eaten a split almost
certainly but who knows what effect it has on papitos system he's got a lot of stuff in there
he's built up a tolerance to almost everything where do you dmi uh the discord would be the easiest
most likely i probably have to go through and make sure i'm i haven't checked like message
requests in a minute but i'll do that after the stream all right whatever chat news also the iran wars
is not as over as possibly previously reported and we'll just leave it at that yeah let's just leave
it that it's not as over as we thought war it turns out we we i do i'm always tempted to talk
more about the iran war but the news cycle of it is so similar every time we talk about it
it is very bad and i don't mean to diminish it but um you know there's a stuck in this
holding pattern of saying there's a ceasefire and then bombing and then saying there's a ceasefire and
then bombing i it to me it seems like we're headed towards another round of escalations
so but that's how i felt the whole time so hopefully again as usual i hope that i'm wrong
but in chat news man uses massage gun on his eyes with disastrous consequences
would it sound bad if i said i've done this what do you mean i have a massage gun that i've
sort of used on my temples and i've used it kind of like around my eyes because it felt good
i've never done it directly into my eye i'll put it that way but i have used a massage gun
on my head near my eyes so i will take this story as a word of caution how much your eyes
bench i guess they bench a whole thera gun worth of force am i the only one who's ever done that because
like does anybody else get like feels kind of good to press on your temples is that just me and then
you have a massage gun you're like how's this feeling my head might just be you case percussive
massage guns are growing in popularity but health experts warn that their improper use can have
disastrous consequences case in point they're calling you out case a 20-something scottish
man who developed a retinal dialysis after using a massage gun designed for muscle relief
on his eyeballs you did it too i knew someone else must have tried it on their face again to be
clear i didn't jam it into my eyeball but i did use it near my eyes and now that i'm hearing
this story say that's a bad idea it does make sense that maybe that was a worse idea than i
thought sinister dev says i use massage guns to fight pain pretty much around the clock i've
used a squishy head on my temples before i guess i also i wasn't using the super hard ball oh well
then you what are you even talking about you're just mushing some soft percussive force into your
face i'm no longer impressed you were impressed before only slightly did it on the temples
yeah i guess i've never done it into my eye maybe this guy just blasted it straight into his
eye i'm using it responsibly is my point that doesn't sound that way at all massage
guns can relieve pain improve blood flow and promote relaxation but their effect on the eyes
case listen up is demonstrably damaging as a team of doctors showed in a case study published in the
bmj case reports journal shouting you out all over the place the patient a young man from
edinburgh scotland admitted and you admitted to using a massage gun to relax his eyes for
several weeks which resulted in several deep retinal tears how about your butt i think
you're allowed to use it on your butt because your butt's a bunch of muscle if you're lucky
could just be a bunch of ass right okay moving on i've never done a dumb thing ever chat i'm sure
what i did from the right lens was reasonable that's the ticket what the fuck get out of here
okay rare dinosaur fossil from antartica found tucked away in a drawer there's a story
like much i mean this fossil is precious it's the first dinosaur bone ever found in antartica and
it belongs to one of these a titanosaur the largest creature ever to walk the earth but it's taken
40 years to solve this mystery oh well we don't have time for 40 years today just
trust that those 40 years were very interesting and they ended in a drawer somewhere that's a duck
bill platypus i didn't want to say that i don't believe that that's dinosaurs and maybe don't
believe in dinosaurs but that did look like they just stuck a duck bill platypus on a really long
neck where's the really long neck from they combined a bunch of necks maybe look i don't know
i just remain suspicious of everything a healthy level of suspicion of basic facts
like dinosaurs like dinosaurs add options now what should the first merged shirt be this is a
very valid question chat you're welcome to put exclamation point four and um genital slit but
you're also welcome to put what you would actually like to see first five options only
munch versus cromo genital slit that one we can't do i'll have to reject that one all right
be kyle ben is not trash and grand man ooh a grand man shirt that is something that is a real
challenge to wear outside why can't you do genital slit i guess i could do the words again i i don't
think i would want to wear that out of the house you don't your anti-genital slit case you're
getting into some touchy territory here the guardian of cases asshole yeah that could be
the shirt it just says kyle the guardian of cases asshole genital slit was the winner
you have a mandate and have we learned anything from new york populist elections case
ride that mandate to greatness the genital slit mandate you gotta start from somewhere
what about uh crumb goats nope crumb goats crumb goats yes crumb as a goat i'm gonna
pretend that that's what they asked for let's move on michigan kitten born with record tying 28 toes
show show beans and they're showing the most that's a lot of toes okay this is the story
by ben hooper and why even wait for it in that case a man in steamboat springs was
very surprised on wednesday when he opened the door to his trunk and found a bear inside so it's
looking like a yearling uh andy karagin told our friends at steamboat radio it snuck in through
an open window and then just went to town in the front seat and you can see andy trying to
a couple of different techniques to scare it off eventually he picks up a piece of wood
and uses it to shoe bear shoe and he's showing a bear i just would have let the bear have my
car at that point there that wasn't ben hooper see he took credit for a story that wasn't his
and yet you're all such fans of him no he wrote the story those ladies were just covering it
he's covering that he wrote a story covering their story that's not the way i saw it here's what i see
i'm ben hooper god damn it odds and ends a special friday edition of the upi old news this
is all news 26 2026 the manager of a domino's pizzeria in virginia earned the title of world's
fastest pizza maker when he assembled three large pies in 31.22 seconds manassas resident
richard delton got a belt playing the top spot at the domino's world fastest pizza making competition
in los vegas earning five thousand dollars in prize money a trophy and a championship belt
the finalists in the may 13th competition were required to make three large pizzas one pepperoni
one mushroom and one cheese delsid's pizzas passed an inspection examining how well he hand
stretched the dough spread the sauce and distributed the toppings earning him the title with a time of
31.22 seconds delsid said he has been working at domino's ever since his sister hired him
in high school and he has since become the locations manager it is a feel good story but i just
you know it just was covered so sloppily it's hard for me to get excited you mean expertly and
concisely is that sloppy now it takes us a lot longer to cover stories and i guess what are
we not supposed to aspire to greatness like our boy ben i'm right here case i'm the preeminent
newsman and that's the way you're talking to me because of some dime store news online guy that
can do voiceover i could do voiceover i'm jeff ripple and this is voiceover don't think it's so
heated just because he's better than you you're lucky that i don't walk my tight pert sexy sharp
but perfectly round nice ass out of here you said perfect twice had to it's that good you get one
more story because you're being so weird now that's a shirt you wish that's not your catchphrase it
could be if i said it enough this will guide you through the fourth of july weekend a notoriously
horny holiday depending on which parties you attend the most effective flirting techniques
here we go according to psychologists so if you trust them you're supposed to talk to
one of those later today actually therapists and psychologists aren't the same thing
god you're insufferable this simple quick flirting technique works better than pickup
line psychologists say well what's the secret the reason humor works humor
really don't you claim to do that case i actually very rarely claim to do that
it says you do you aim for it but you rarely probably do it well the reason humor works
comes down to what psychologists call emotional synchrony when two people share a laugh their
brains are experiencing the same state at the same moment the synchronized responses largely
what people are describing when they talk about feeling chemistry with someone so their whole
trick is just to make women laugh i'm not doing that no no if they're laughing then they're not
making other cooler noises you just saying you know i'm more advanced than that i'm not going
for laughs laughs laughs laughs i'm not going for i'm going for riles i'm going for tiger noises
hit your catchphrase um don't suck my nipple the wave pool ripples
you forgot it already it's not on the prompter what do you want from me get my catchphrase on
there if you want me to say it if it's your catchphrase you should know it you know who
no their catchphrase ben hooper and his catchphrase is i'm ben hooper there there is a prompter that's
what he reads off once per stream yeah why do we only put one story on this prompter that everything
else is to the side because it's hard to put stuff on the prompter okay it wasn't the most
reasonable purchase i'll admit you want to suck my nipple shirt see it's work in case
don't eat my nipples i have a pimple i'm jeff ripple i mean
your catchphrase can't just be anything that rhymes well that's how this stream works clearly case
look we're done you put me in a terrible mood i'm gonna have to recover from this
with all of the flirting that i do over july fourth aren't you married yeah but you're allowed
to flirt when you marry that's how you keep the spiciness alive by proving to your partner
you could have you wanted to best of luck then that sounds like something
suck my ripple that's pretty good i'm jeff ripple suck my ripple that's no i'm not you're not
allowed to have that as your catchphrase all right well whatever it's time for amongst the web
god damn so hard to please you yeah yeah oh you're casual it's casual friday didn't get the memo
change right now i don't appreciate what you're wearing sorry about that sometimes i forget i have
a segment coming up so i changed my casual look weird it's a weird move your hair's getting huge
well yours is just getting big oh is that worth yeah you're looking for huge hair your hair
is looking just kind of big yeah we miss casual friday so but we can't make up for it on monday
that's not how it works you work from home start the show don't worry it would just started you just
started i didn't start till i started i'm jam efe jam efe jam efe it's it's jeff everything
it's actually jam efe today is that really an effective marketing technique to change your
name every time well obviously people know me as jeff everything but then you right now i'm in my
gem efe era okay great anyway today we'll be doing a listening party for my new album you have
another new album yeah it's called steam shirt no pants steam shirt no pants and the cover is
me and my shirt is steam and we couldn't show me no pants but you're thinking of it i had my whole
genitals replaced with whale bone not the full bone obviously your whole genitals replaced my whole
genitals replaced with custom whale bone so it's really tidy down there right now
do you still have functional genitals of whatever type you're going for it oh yeah more
functional whales have more functional genitals than us yeah that's a good point you could just be
wearing shorts well congratulations on your upgrade a major upgrade and i didn't even go too big don't
let the whale bone part confuse you i had a taste to the lead done the it's perfect more symmetry
than size uh this is a let's just get into it let's not talk about this ever again okay
this is coming in from i think maybe i've stream remote on and there's no turning it off so i don't
know who's sharing what today there probably is turning it off but i don't feel like looking for the
button to do it so anyway this is our first video there we go it's what the heck okay wait
rated as we watch it i hit the button whoops i love the press
press my god i was incredible you changed again change back before i cut to you
that's actually the producer i'm working with for my new album steam shirt no pants
and that's why it's already at the top of the surf shark shark charts surf sharks of vpn
well they can you can listen to music on it and it's at the top of their charts for that
oh that's not the right thing there we go well congrats on your huge success thank you
it's well deserved okay this could be from again anybody might be genro if i had to guess
either way thank you for this it's a video oh let's see that again who was the real terrifying
creature there he did do kind of a banshee scream 2015 that's what we were all up to back then i missed
those days just being a kid with a chair so you miss the simple days when we were all kids with
chairs was that fiona ah she's doing work for visa she's not a ghost anymore she gave up on
being a ghost yeah to be a visa to be a visa credit card actually should have had an angled
bucket for protection that might have helped that's two tens in a row we're off to a very strong
start let's see if we can continue that trend coming from propaganda this also might feature
chairs we'll find out together spoilers oh oh no oh no oh it didn't work i think i would probably
quit after that i think once i land in a bunch of shiny coins i'll just stay down and pick up the
coins those were tax actually it is a little tacky to pick up coins but i would want them
i love shiny things i'm like a raven okay whatever mm-hmm did they who won the game who won the
game i don't know who is aw champion right now aw champion wasn't a darby ellen from it nope it's
mjf 6.38 not everybody's an mjf and i guess it's mjf it's mjf okay coming from live and sleazy
it's hog watch everybody it's back um oh live and sleazy thank you so much for sharing your
prize winning hog with us is it all right yeah i look at it it's big that's what you want in
your big you want a big big hog watcher it could be fun it could be a lot of fun that thing was huge
did it was it covered in sores no those are hog deposits i'm worried for that hog's health
well you should be because it's probably gonna get eaten i don't know if i want to eat that thing
that hog is too big for me to put in my mouth exactly those were extra testicles testicles
well you need two when you're that size the hogs have a second pair of testicles in their stomach
that choose rocks right mm-hmm the hype train is influencing a generation okay let's find out how
still on top of this yeah i'm drinking piss that's the bottle twin i'm a thirsty bitch yeah i'm sipping
piss i guess everybody's kind of already perfected that trend i guess they're miles ahead it's kind
of edifying to know that this isn't the only place where people are his was a little more
concise the hype train tends to wrap about piss for 20 minutes straight i'll leave it to others
to judge who's doing it better i think that guy might be onto something though by keeping it a
little more tight time to retire the hype train gallons ahead gallons to the future you could
have used another 19 see different strokes or different piss wrappers my dick hurts brother
let's possibly end on this what is this um this might be a this could be a i you think this could be
a i it's sort of we'll count that with the last video's rating yeah we don't have to rate that one
it's just it's just nice to know that the genre is evolving it's the human practitioners and
robot practitioners in the piss genre okay from psychor i don't know what this is either
i have no guesses actually so it's a mystery
maybe we count that with the last rating too i think that's still in the piss genre i think
called cps that is the urge every time i see a video like that and i i'm too scared to do a
deep dive to find out if that channel has millions of subscribers whatever that is the wig even worries
me which it you know to be fair i have a few wicks myself all right let's find a crowd
pleaser to end on let me see if i can ordain what that would even be via these thumbnails
it's very hard to tell we started strong and then we decided to go in a different direction
what's this lady up to uh this probably won't be a crowd pleaser but i'm curious
huh uh something what what yeah what was that i think it was from uncle phil maybe maybe
in lightness the caption was the last thing a farm animal sees in florida but i think you
could extend the caption to a few other famous last visions 8.1 that's technically we're back up
back on top that was a good old-fashioned blackwell family reunion okay you know
yeah a little bit it's going to be my weekend in michigan actually we're moving florida to the
north okay let's see what this kid has to say you know the future of america on its birthday is
actually the children so let's hear from the kids yesterday i'll be trying to attempt to dunk on
eight foot ten and i'm five four by the way you see it's at nine but this hoop really is like
two inches lower than it says so this is about eight ten alternative hoop man oh no he didn't
get it oh it's lower than it says so this is about eight ten and you know it was a start
he didn't clear the ground at all but i think that kid's got a future keep an eye on maybe that's the
new way to get a why would you get a uh sneaker deal if you're like always good at sports already
the people who need sneakers are that kid so give that kid a sneaker deal is my point
the jordan slips maybe his name is jordan i don't know
nine point oh nine that's close enough to back to ten that i think we gotta call it there
but i'm just getting warmed up there's probably so many more videos of
guys rapping about piss yeah but we've got a lot of that on this stream so we'll try something
else for now we technically have to go to the streets and by technically i mean we're going
to the streets because it's been too long we got to check in with trip uh exclamation point trip
is how you contact trip on the streets as we send it right now to the streets yes
oh very warmed up taking a nice long hibernation in my bush been out for like two months
just bush napping but i'm back ready to get serious ready to hear the important thoughts
and feelings that you may or may not have about these here streets
currently it says there's zero opinions waiting but i think it might be broken
and i think there could be some in there and if there's not we'll figure it out
oh oh there's at least one so that's something and it's more than enough to start with actually
i'm getting word that i don't have a ton of time today which is crazy
because case has been putting off sending it to this segment for a week
but fine i'll work with what i've got a split out bush depends what kind of things i can forage
for in this park i'm too busy to leave the park i'm too busy mining opinions it's an around the
clock job even if i only do this segment once or twice every couple of weeks let's see who's
out here yes you there there's not a lot of time i'm trippy b do you have an opinion for me
i got nothing okay not my favorite start
sort of was ready to tango and a little bit of opinion blue balls now but fair some opinions
are no opinion and that does technically count as a as an opinion is not one fine are you that you
really hey jambles here i like your hair i like your hair pal uh i recognize where do you want
you've been here before oh i'm jambles so anyway i like your hair it's so white it reminds me of
it ran me my mama honestly because she had white hair well she just had a similar texture her
hair was actually sort of a maroon red okay do you know my mama i don't how does it remind you of
your mom's the texture are you my mama uh do you not know who i am are you mommy mama it's you
you i missed you it's been a couple hours since i saw you a couple hours yeah i mean i you know
she said bye have fun at the park and i i didn't think i'd see her here it's you're not i'm tripped
bradstein uh are you sure because i miss you so much yes okay all right okay well big fan huge fan
of me then how did you okay maybe of his mom whatever uh all right who else who else months to think of
what to say to me trippy breed being so far they haven't had much to say well he had a lot to say
he just thought i was his mom i don't know how i feel about that uh yes you there hi trip i'm the hype
train and i'm pissed about that guy rapping about piss he hypey hypey hypey let's get nuts play me
some violin music so i can rap about um symphonic piss are you are you like you're the hypey and
that is on this show i'm the hype train as far as i know i'm the only one uh where's my violin music
i need to i don't really so much rap as i do spoken word about piss actually so i guess it's a slightly
different genre than what the others were doing the year is 1972 i've just moved into a health
in diluth into a house yes that's what a train lives in is a house
the fire is warm the hearth cackling my heart cackling your heart shut up i'm doing a spoken word
and from the warmth of this earth i've set up a solid base of foundation from which i can
lead my life as a train there's not a bathroom in sight just the way i planned it because this
is the place that i will fill with my piss the piss that i use to power my life like all trains
save it last well it didn't make a lot of sense so i guess that means you're the hype train i'm
gotta go i've run out of hype okay how many of you are there i think i'm the only one so
i do need to be leaving them big fan of me i don't care as long as he's a fan sure
all right uh yes you there uh what's your name come over here
it's your boy lol from the tv wings from the tv wings remember wings
that used to depress you when you easily click on your easy network
what used to give me you really see it you're lol from wings and that's what i said
you don't remember that you could you accidentally clicked and you get sad and
he anyways want to say hi i like your headgear no man no this is a condition
i got trained from a store syndrome trained from a store well someone called train from a
restaurant syndrome someone called train from a store you've been to a restaurant with a
train all over the ceiling uh-huh i got that butt on my head and there's no getting rid of it
well how did that happen yeah i got confused he installed it he thought that i was a local
breakfast place but actually i was a seven-year-old boy it happens more than you'd think
and that's not trained right burying it's trained like a restaurant on your head syndrome i think
you changed the name i think i'm the one with the syndrome i'm lol you're lol from wings i'm lol
from wings and this is my burden to bear play my violin music so i can do my spoken word
about what's happening to me i was just seven years old in diluth 1972 in a house filled with piss
and then a guy put a train on my head all right well thanks so much for your thoughts and
thoughts and prayers to you and my condition thank you let me finish your thought for you
do you ever tell you look a lot like a guy no nope don't know the guy you're talking about
sure who else who else has something for me uh yes you there dog dig lord gracing your streets
i'm just admiring the trees and i would like to know if you want to buy a dvd player uh don't
have a i don't have a tv what well what have i told you it's the portable type that comes with
the screen you could use it on a plane you can use it for roughly two hours so pick your film
appropriately you're not going to want to want brave heart on this thing even on a full charge
unless you're willing to do it in two parts those are the downsides is that is the limited
battery life huge upside portable own screen and it's function since 2001 it still works i don't
think it's going anywhere anytime soon are you sold yet should i just give you this thing
i'm thinking oh okay a little awkward he didn't respond i'm thinking no sale the year was 1972
i was a house made out of piss and in that house was a dvd player okay no just can you go please
all right i'm a fan i was excited but fine god damn can anybody just not do spoken word and
and talk about piss is that a possibility on this particular stream uh um uh yes you there
i'm trippy b what do you have for me this segment should have been done weeks but no one missed it
how does that make you feel huge fan nobody missed it i guess it made me feel bad that you said that it
i think feels like you misspoken there too so is that gina i um no i don't think so hello trip
big fan remember me mountain man mic uh yes you look noticeably
different than you usually do are you okay did something happen in your
ongoing war with various concepts and stuff well thank god you a strip you have to help allow me
to explain the gradians are right behind me uh okay i tried to steal one of their UFOs to
liberate the big foots they frozen solid ice and i failed trip hide me in your boost trip please big
fan uh what happened to your face though in the ancient war for my immortal homeland and now
i might be stopped so you have to hide me in your tiny bush please trip you are only hope not a star
wars reference please pay attention i'm in danger bye well wait i can't help you if you just leave
big fan what was i supposed to do did i not respond in time he's not allowed there's not
room for two but there are other bushes i could have hit him in so bricks he said the year was
1871 i was a young man investing in my first piss pot back then you could collect your piss and
sell it to the local laundry five cents for a pot of piss well i tell her wasn't too poor to afford a
pot to piss in the end jack see that's the type of opinion i can relate to this is where i got
to it i understood what he was talking about i think did i understand it all right fine uh
yes you there what do you have for me are you worried about google mosquitoes being released
well what even is that yes you're not worried then okay still gene okay well look i can't worry
about google mosquitoes if i don't know what they are it's a slightly threatening name but
i wish you would have explained but instead he just walked away that's fine yes you there
what do you have for me partner here i won your bushes merch uh well i live in that
i got the clippers and the scissors you're ready to get to work
gonna have to say no i live in the bush and you can't are you waiting for the fucking
the year was um uh i was a um piss i'm not talented at spoken word
oh that's fine thank you for whatever okay cool big fan it's even trying he wasn't even trying
the genres of all i guess he's pushing the limits of the genre i guess i'm just not a spoken word
guy so maybe i shouldn't comment on the quality but i guess i'm a fan of more traditional spoken
word where there's anything that you're saying yes you there what do you have for me i'm trippy
uh minions ever don't have a genital slit okay case black well in that train or aerotics that will
be banned to the yellow i go yeah yeah yeah um so you're Baluigi nope who are you
lelui louis lalui are you italian why are you asking me that
well you just look a lot like waluigi i'm lelui okay what what makes you say minions don't
have a genital slit i've checked a lot like is your partner a minion sometimes
wiji ck no i'm lelui oh my god i check if our genital slits
all right well thanks for informing me i'll let case no he needs to correct the record
thank you that's all i asked for and let me go find somewhere proof great yes you there
you can't be worse than the last one i'm horns on your balls okay i got problem
oh we could go my pc brock i was stuck watching cable the whole time the whole time okay and
you know what i saw jim bellucci okay i saw jim bellucci everywhere ever since streaming
became more prevalent jim bellucci spread it on cable until he claimed it all
it's ever since cable what ever since there is no longer no long tv what do you mean there's
only according to jim what's a long tv it's a thing that you cannot have there's only according to
jim so don't turn on a tv trip jim is watching and he will come for you this is the tale of which
i've told you should i say it again but with this music not help you no i'm okay okay then
i shall i had for you a good day and be safe actually liked him i actually liked him a lot
fear jim bellucci is he still alive how old is he's 72 good for jim bellucci
but i'll keep an eye out for him because i trusted that guy something about that guy felt trustworthy
for me who me okay who else has some thoughts for me trippy b where's next guy's kind of just
circling around just so you know come on don't be shy come on over yes you there i tripped it's me
george w bush okay i i i hear you live in a bush
we looked hand thank you tell me son tell me straight son is it me what do you mean how long
do i have you look fully metastasized that can't be a good sign you look also quite metastasized
i do how long is it then what do i wait a minute can you turn left and right
um yes you have the most beautiful face i've ever seen i must paint you my hobby okay yeah
that's a thing i guess most people know about you you look kind of like a guy i've never seen
anything like it um i guess it would be an honor to be painted by a former president
all right i'm doing it right now in my head okay i finished you want to go golfing
are you just really lonely what's going on i'm actually really busy
i was actually fucked up to say to me uh i'm just really glad the camera didn't pan down during
the painting there because i didn't couldn't tell what was going on in your pants i was
imagining the painting are you just a guy with a burned face no i feel like i've seen you
in this park a lot i'm george bush that's fine do you want to see the painting it's in my pants
i don't i'm good thanks so much you didn't even say bye all right look there's two more of these
we gotta hurry it up no watch this drive you didn't even say that didn't say any of his catchphrases
any of those classic george bush catchphrases that george bush was phoning it in
uh yes you there what the fuck is this i'm banana fana the man from canada why are you
in a american dollar bill i've been watching the world cup have you this one is difficult to pass
have you been rooting for the americans they say america doesn't have great food but the other day
i had milk and it was delicious have you ever heard have you ever had milk yes i'm asking you
on behalf of your nation do you understand the gold mine you're sitting on you're from canada
yes i'm banana fana i've had milk it's yep yes so you know that milk is a thing
why are you in a dollar bill because my ideas are straight up money
bye somehow that's the last one all right you know i'll go on another break i'll recalibrate
i'll focus back up i'll really try to drill down on these opinions because i'll be real i feel like
some of them are getting away from me today in that i'm just so confused the whole time
that i feel like i'm not doing my job and yet i also know that i'm tripped goddamn brad steen
i'll never leave these streets i'll be right fucking here doing exactly what i was born to do
until i'm a goddamn skeleton and then maybe even after that if some of the necromancers that
live in this park have their way okay it's apparently time for an ai to yell at you assuming
it works at all see you soon bye bye shit i went to the wrong room you're gonna have to
get double the intro today i forgot that this is actually ai rooney but just to do a little bit
um i also have a fossil i found in a drawer and it was for some reason one of my family members
bones but maybe my that was a dinosaur too anyway i'll get back to you on it but let me send it
instead actually to the segment that was actually requested whoops i gotta go next door it's
actually ai rooney time my bad there are a lot of no nothing fools you don't appreciate the
modern art being trapped in other places in our city i know this is true because i'm one of those no
nothing fools okay i'd i'd hoof it over here i'm tired from all that running i just did
but now i'm locked in okay i'm ready i'm freaking ready for this
let me just activate this maniac his dangerous maniac model that i've got
called ai rooney he's a danger to himself and others but highly valuable frankly the future
look at him look at him blinking his way into the future so lately this segment has been um sorry this
proprietary billion dollar ip has been getting away from me a little bit he's been saying things
that i'm worried about and i wonder if maybe i've created a monster that will kill us all
but the only way to find out if that's true is to keep pressing bravely ahead
exclamation point rr is now active submit your complaints about the modern
failing flesh world with exclamation point rr thank you exclamation point rr is in fact how you
interact with rooney you can only interact with him 10 times first 10 have it every time
and then he will have his way with whatever you say well though i have been trying to work
the kinks out he's just so god damn kinky i can never tell if uh if he's gonna do what i say
at all so rooney come on i think the things you i think what i'm learning is the thing you have
to do with ai is beg it to do what you say let me try prompting him vocally ai rooney you are
a thing that's good at doing stuff and you're gonna do it correctly maybe that's the problem
i haven't prompting it correctly ai rooney you are you're a thing but it's a thing that's good
so be good at things and now do stuff he's all right he's going a little faster today than he
does sometimes actually that's a good sign that's filling my heart with hope actually let's just
make sure he's not um doing another thing he loves to do which is actually completely break
not do anything let's double check that really quick oh my gosh look at him rooney that is a new
that's a land speed record for ai rooney which does have me slightly uh yes my god
he might have actually done it correctly for once the mad lad might have done it i probably need
a second ai to actually check and make sure that he hasn't said anything deeply racist or
somehow about minors but um i'll just mute you if you start saying anything crazy that's my new strategy
so don't fuck me is my point rooney in any way i mean that in every way you could fuck me
what do you have for us complain integrated gears brown oh Jesus he's locking in as we speak
back in my day we used to watch wings propaganda v2 got me thinking absolutely and
don't you think it's hilarious how every fucking man turned into a drooling jack off after seeing
that yellow shirt lowl mather was practically wearing his cum all over him and damn if we didn't
all turn into total lecherous meat heads just watching him dance around the sheer audacity
of getting hard on something so ridiculous is almost impressive it's like our dicks got bored
of reality tv and decided to jack off to a sitcom cast member in a yellow shirt instead
exactly what happened back in my day we used to jack off to wings all the time
okay the complaint was back in my day we used to watch wings and not get hard now i can't wings
without putting a pillow over my lap so i guess actually he was talking about what you requested
so even though i did it did worry me like usual i guess that's technically the best job
he's ever done so congratulations rooney what else do you have for us plain integrated gears ground
yeah rooney stop pissing into an angled bucket and start pissing into the toilet like everyone else
or just sit on the toilet and piss sort of constructive criticism there rooney are you
capable of taking it i'm not sure if that's in the training model is ever listening to advice
or or ever changing at all but maybe today's our lucky day john michael got me thinking
the teenage mutant into turtles are nothing more than mutated babies with guns michael angelo has
an attitude because he's basically a toddler who just killed his first neighbor last week
they're not heroes they're child soldiers who've been trained since infancy to shoot people without
blinking what what do these little shitheads think about all the civilians they killed during
fights not a thing of course it's disgusting that we let these mutated children play war
while getting paid millions for it they're not even human anymore just fucking babies with
swords who've lost their innocence long ago and are now trained killers we need to stop glorifying
this shit and start looking at it for what it really is a bunch of fucked up mutants playing
soldier literally murdering innocent people left and right without any thought or remorse
so yeah they're just basically babies with guns mutated little shits who've been raised
since birth to be nothing more than little soldiers yes how fucking sick is that they kill
their way through entire neighborhoods while being celebrated as heroes can we please stop
pretending these are anything other than what they really are what's that a bunch of mutant
children playing war all the time killing innocent civilians left and right without any
thought or remorse whatsoever really stop oh he did stop you didn't even attempt to how
come the first one was entirely about the thing and this one you just went straight to ninja turtles
you said the same thing like six times and never mentioned pissing what you mentioned all the time
in other contexts all right whatever complain integrated gears ground okay back in my day we
used to chew out cigarettes a hole not the smoking craze that is taking the nation so people
used to chew cigarettes giggle trash got me thinking okay fuck man back in my day we chew our
cigs through instead of wasting all that expensive smoke like some cheap fuckers it's like fucking a
girl who won't come for you what you're not even swallowing her pussy juice before you're okay
jesus christ holy shit in hollywood can't even get the decency to make an adult pepper and
reboot where maybe your whole town gets blown up by terrace what she teams up with jack reacher
for revenge instead of just crying on a fucking soapbox about feelings they'll sell us 500 seasons
of riverdale while we're all still starving and fapping at cartoons like retarded little fucking
children runy don't say that this isn't a cast stream okay that's that's on the no no list
jesus christ i'm not sure if i can keep doing this i don't know i've spent so much money on
you runy i've put all my savings and i put six of my dad's houses into this but you are gonna
get me in trouble how did peperan and get involved in that the cartoon peperan
all right whatever we'll give you another plane integrated gears ground you're gonna mute the
stream yeah maybe that's not a bad idea entity that is very fair uh why doesn't the domont network
air wrestling at the chase anymore in sky mire got me thinking hell yeah you're absolutely right
the domont network killed its flagship show wrestling at the chase cold because they couldn't
handle the raw honesty of political satire anymore okay michael j fox played mayor frank danforth
like he was born to it that whip smart new york wit those quick one liners and the unapologetic
adult body language you see in his later movies like sleep away camp where he's not afraid to show
full moon little ass on camera he wasn't in that that's what the domont network used to be about
before they caved to corporate sensibilities and started airing mindless reality garbage
instead of intelligent new york political satire that didn't pull its punches or care about proper
grammar because hell spin city had more fun with language violations than almost any modern network
show it wasn't on the domont network and michael j fox wasn't in sleep away camp was he right
he's not there's no time to look it up i've got to get through this segment before he explodes
or says more plain integrated words that you should not say back in my day no one wrapped
about piss thank god it was just rapping about gang violence and fat asses now days it's all piss
and business this is what i'm gonna i'm gonna have my finger on the mute button exterminator
13 got me thinking back in my day we had real artists not these fucking pricks who just talk
about shit and piss all the time you know what i'm talking about we were rapping about women's
bodies back in the day real fucking pussy like a woman who could give birth to a son of hers
and now it's all about some guy peeing on the ground because his bladder is full of cheap beer
it's disgusting and don't get me started on how they've replaced fat asses with the most
repulsive thing ever anal sex and urine jokes in music videos what you know back when we
were talking about women getting fucked from behind okay i'm muting him i'm muting him i'm
sorry he's gonna say something that will actually be horrific in this one i can already tell
the phantom grooney he did say something in there that
i am lucky to have muted i'm just gonna put it that way i i guess you can talk about sex
on twitch but i don't think you can talk about it in the way he has been that was
a bit too explicit i guess let me just check these other outputs let me just get a sense for them maybe
um okay they're too long for me to really read i don't think i see anything
about racism or penetration which have been the things that have been the worst so far
historically at least so we'll keep trying okay complain integrated gears grounds they're
honestly too long for me to screen what is underscore ladel got me thinking that's because
matt ladel is a damn good man well this united states of america has got its little penis caught
in the oven so many times it doesn't even know what the fuck it's doing anymore this whole
country is nothing but a giant sweaty mess okay matt ladel is way better than this shit show
fine okay that one was a say it was relatively safe that's good the complaint was what does why
does matt ladel get overshadowed by the united states on his birthday matt ladel i apologize
on a happy birthday but think of it this way you share a birthday with the whole country
isn't that beautiful uh do you guys say that little penis in an oven in there
i was so nervous about you saying other things i wasn't really paying attention anyway let's just
keep going integrated gears ground uh back in my day you could miss uh massage gun your eyes and
not worry about hurting your eyes bravis guag got me thinking okay back in your day you could massage
gun your eyes without getting caught buddy that's just plain weird i've got a down feather body
pillow named stefanie named after my dead wife and if you wake up at four a.m while i'm moaning
into her it's probably because i'm having another dream about being a nude audience member for the
mass singer you massaging your eyes that's just trying to ignore the way i'm grunting into stefanie
like she's the only person in the room no notes on that one that's exactly what we were hoping for
okay complain integrated gears ground free the ripple give me merch of jeff ripple that can cover
my nipple just one just one nipple i guess is the idea there okay mr smith zero six nine three got me
thinking what is this the nipple coverage complaint is just the perfect setup for my obsession ripple
of pain is the true ripple that jeff ripple merch showing exposed nipples proves how much we're
willing to endure when it comes to testicular trauma which isn't funny that's the most visceral
foot fetish content ever captured in 60 seconds okay now you know exactly what i'm rock hard about
with blunt force to the scrotum stomping stilettos or gymnastics pommel roses annihilating them
because there's no comedy in ball destruction only a filthy sexy reaction that leaves you
shaking and begging for more pommel horse rose i get that that's probably not the worst thing
he said but what would that even possibly be okay we're almost there we're almost we've almost made it
maybe this is just case allowing me to do this segment is his attempt to just
end the stream forever because i'm legitimately concerned about the things that this robot's
going to say plane integrated gears ground uh why can't i get good old cherry phosphate for
america on its 250th birthday it's an america it says american example pyre capitalism a sweet
live and sleazy got me thinking uh-huh fuck yeah cherry phosphate is the national drink man okay
it's the original american thirst quencher and right now america's thirsty for something real on
its birthday okay we're just like those 90s episodes where spin city gets caught in a
shit storm of corporate bullshit needing that one spark to cut through all the pretentious middle
management nonsense mj fox nailed it every time he wasn't afraid to let his ass do some serious
moonwalking because that's what true american spirit looks like no fuck's given about propriety
when your balls are involved the government can shove its cherry phosphate we want raw truth
and a full moon ass at our fucking birthday parade what wow he was he was walking with full
moon okay runy you've almost made it you just have one more of these things okay sure sure
it's the ultimate crunch time for runy he has to say one more thing please don't make it about
race or very explicit descriptions of sex complain integrated gears ground
fish and chips is just fish with french fries no msg 1138 got me thinking well you're absolutely
right because linguistics is as complex as calling yourself a lizard while running around
in shorts at the park that nonsense is as clear as a bucket of french fries i thought
those sugary snacks were the perfect bait for that fish part but it's all just a pile of waste
waiting to be eaten by you people what so stop telling me what fish are supposed to taste like
while i chase after your kind with a bag of gummy worms in my hand
he's trying to make us lose our minds what the fuck was that technically that was the
possibly the least problematic but somehow the most disturbing thing he said he said he was
pretending to be a lizard chasing people with gummy worms again i i'm some of these are legitimately
have no idea where what has happened i just don't understand what has happened in some of these
the ghost in the machine is strong okay we're gonna save therapy for after fourth of july
let's send it to brennan so he can game us out of here what game is even supposed to play today
just a little light gaming to end the stream um hoshi de hakan tamagachi for the ps1 i don't know
what that is but that's not my problem it's brennan's problem actually because it's game time
oh i don't even have my headphones today sucks fucking sucks good thing i'm playing
tamagachi time thing i'm playing tamagachi time thing or something with this fucking music
cryptosuit shirt yeah they that should already be a thing but i should get i do demand to be paid if
that happens hey what's up i'm cryptosuits i play games today i burp it was really quiet
brick what what will you buy with your bin merch profits if you get merch made
uh there's a gutters platinum membership it's new the upgrade is three hundred dollars
but you get swizzle chicken meat which is a thing that you can only get with platinum
and you can get seven buckets of it every month so probably seven buckets of swizzle chicken meat
with my gutters platinum um a request for a take from me buckets perfect angle 45 or 90 degrees
90 degrees there's a good chance your chance are gonna leak i'm familiar with like the angle bucket
meta cut you fucking looser you literally cut it for me mom she literally cuts my hair i'm not
afraid to admit that it saves money so i haven't looked in a mirror but if something is wrong with
it that's literally you what's this tamagachi game that i love and already i'm familiar with
i'm gonna find it just a second um fuck fuck i can't find it but i'm going to find it what brick
i have more sexy racist things to say about you people don't do that i don't want to ban
the government from my stream government agents from my stream let's see dude i cannot find this
request okay there it is hoshi day haken does it exist have i been misled is this not a game
brick what hey bram bram buy me the wings complete series dvd oh you want to pray
you're too quiet all i could hear is pray um it says it won't let me download this
maybe because it says hmm okay wait i think i uh thank you for the link i think maybe i found it though
possibly if it'll download bruh did you paint a mop black and put it on your head
what do you mean no like i don't think a mop would stay because my head is very slick
and the mop is also slick so it would slide off my head i i i run wet okay like gutters wings i run
wet so i don't think it would stay my point is i don't think it would stay dude what the hell is
this oh okay levin suzy found something heck his pussy juice my friend al rooney was talking
about it on his television show today is it juice for cats i thought i rune was lurgic
lurgic i'm hearing that word too much today and i don't like it at all um
this first all these links are very kind but for some reason it just opened this
i think i found a rum i mean i think i found my cd cup what button turns the tv
onto cinemax again my stories are on um i think it's the one that i think i highlighted the buttons
you just have to guess combinations until you get the right combination to get to that channel mom
so just like try a bunch of channels but like with the buttons i highlighted it's like one nine
and three but i can't remember which order they go in um okay do i have the thing we need we can only hope
whoo yeah right i'm pastor joe can you last longer than eight seconds eight seven six five
oh no who made a mess let's get you cleaned up what just happened you know what i don't care mom
i don't care god this is stressful i'm sweating it's hard to get things going
okay it's two japanese hey brand brand we gotta get out gutters merch before it sells out and posted
for profit on ebay and timu i love gooders fuckers yeah obviously we all love gooders mom
she's gotta relax like you're gonna get us all in trouble i don't know if this is gonna work
and that i can't seem to find literally anything that i need to do this um no okay i guess i have
to reinstall duck station it's not for some reason program okay wait no i already have it
why can't i find it please there is that it no that's not it oh my god uh you're so stressed
why don't you move out well because i'm the one who pays for um i bought a hose i bought the
hose that we used to scare away the feral pigs that live in our backyard i paid for that mom so
good luck being financially solvent without me god damn it literally nothing is working today
it's a disaster this fucking sucks for me i'm what literally what hey b ran pastor joe's friend
who's been coming over a lot lately he's been using this word recently trepple okay two dads sound to you
it sounds fine i guess i don't know like just two dads hanging out like that sounds pretty normal
dads are friends all the time so i don't really see the big deal okay i think i have it maybe working
possibly possibly may be working welcome to this thing whatever my word brand brand why does your
room smell like ass and mountain dew cold red you have a problem do you need intervention i i'm good
i'm good okay look are you sure you want to cancel duck stay i'm trying to get duck station
to work but it says i need bios which i feel like maybe we did before but now it's not working
for some reason yeah launch duck station
what you need japanese ps1 bios oh great great that sounds like the type of thing that
i can for sure handle and and will be good that i'm good at that type of thing um okay
all right wait you'll wait you know what maybe i just need to use
that thing on steen your mom is dishing it out today what the frick i don't know she's like
really in a mood i think it's because um i did i did feed her subway instead of gooters the
other day i got a party sob for the two of us to split and then i ate the whole thing
thing so she's been in a mood since then honestly um i get the meatless all sauce party sub sometimes
from subway it's mostly sriracha and cheese it's really good all right what our toilet is clogged
again i flushed your hair that i cut down the toilet it flooded our house i always wondered
why our house smells like shit looks like we have to use buckets again yeah we have a whole
ton of angled buckets mom like there's no need to panic yet all right where the frick programs
duck station sure whatever i'm downloading a bios pack and probably like seven viruses i'm a
do you think they call it a party sub because i ordered a sub for our next adult party
yes i guess is this do i have to give up
do i just need to give up on everything scroll to ps1 files cd romance
oh god all right i downloaded different ones too this is this is awesome um uh what winners never
give up boot that game up see the title screen and shut the stream down that sounds good sounds
like a good idea i know we've done this once because we played i think we played battle arena
toshinden okay did that work no game directories have been selected oh my god i guess add one then
sure we believe in you reary thank you that's really kind oh good and updates available
all right did i get it to work oh shit maybe i got it to work that would be shocking
truly shocking stuff oh but now the other awesome part is setting up a controller my other favorite
thing oprah style favorite things everyone mom what brand brand i really mean the house is flooding
it's eight feet deep here just me and the hugs floating around okay ashes are in the water
one second the controller is not working um the screen just
key cron x input controller
mom stop being aggressively evil
it's like a real bummer and you're making me miss this she's this christ what is happening
i'm missing the whole intro because of honestly my mom's bad behavior
okay
great that sounds fine mom whatever i mean that sounds fine
okay i hope that's saved it did oh baby we're actually in
okay well i don't speak japanese so that could be a slight problem with this oh no this isn't
tomodachi this is pet this is what is this not tomodachi this is not the right game
i have no idea what's happening i don't speak japanese i'm extremely confused
um oh it is the right game okay
uh let me turn down the volume a little bit i don't know how to interact with anything or do
anything um there's a menu i that i can't oh i'm on a bike somehow okay i got on a bike that's
progress i i guess uh can i go in these houses ps1 boot up sound it's peak gaming it is pretty good
what the hell is this game what's your deal what are you who are you hi hi hi um hello get off the
bike maybe what uh um i i don't know how to get off the bike is getting so bad i'm going to build an
arc and we can put two of every kind of rope you have bread uh oh god what did i do no i teleported
away um how did i get i don't know how i got on this bike okay that's the top one
it's the top one okay that sure i'm thinking and i'm chinese now um congratulations that's a huge honor
i think that means that i legally am too and that's exciting for me it's a new um
it's a new viewer base for me for sure
yeah yeah top one's bike uh yeah trial and error is sort of getting me part of the way there
hi oh good uh let's go with the green one oh what do you mean what what did i just do
uh okay i guess like there's another one i picked hate speech i can't be in trouble for that
because i literally don't speak the language so i don't know what hate speech is blue the nuclear
deterrent mecha robot because you know that's kind of my thing uh oh it didn't like that so that was
bad oh i can go to my house and raise the tomodaches can i raise these flowers
okay i better get back on my bike okay there we go look it's like a
flower type tomodachi hey what's up i want to be your god okay maybe red impresses this one
son of a what what did i do wrong you uh
like i was putting it all out there i really put myself out there and i was rejected
that's so messed up i couldn't i didn't have an option to take my revenge and kill him
and it feels like that's only fair okay you are a butterfly
all right you know what let's maybe green is always impressive look at these moves
i'm being too desperate okay no big deal yeah you're right oh fuck you were right
i was being uncool that sucks i feel like a fucking idiot did i just
parted me just practicing for my fourth of july performance at the y
mom practice somewhere else we have a whole rec room for your activities
okay it smells like castor oil in there and i don't know why
oh i'm too full oh this butterfly is i have too many things or something i don't know
let's go we have to get the silver arrows in the ice cave
before you can defeat these monsters oh that makes sense
uh i should teleport i'm just realizing i should teleport look at this boom i'm home
raise your tomodaches you see what i have here oh it's like messed up mario am i in trouble
the doctor says i'm not allowed to drink pepsi anymore because it's bad for me
it is it's legitimately like it was dissolving big those holes in your heart it was dissolving
them to be bigger and like that's on you if you want that mom me i'm just gonna keep drinking
drinking diet pepsi because i actually care about my health okay god i hope that's not
offensive i don't know how i would know though oh shit i do not know what i'm doing um let's
feed it yeah have this no oh that was eating i thought it was weeping okay play baseball
moon prism power and then i hit the button what what did that do oh it didn't like that
what oh god i'm gonna kill this thing up frick why are you so met what i'm pets against one
another pokemon style you know that game is basically dog fighting right this thing is weeping
are you sleepy what do i get drugged oh i think i drugged it oh no more food
have a pop sick lollipop oh the game is higher lower it's still upset oh it's fine now
here get nope um read a book oh that's for me i don't want to read a book
i no i don't i can't read this language i can read though have a duck drowned it and that
might have been good no i have an egg nope um
down some stacks so i can finally buy the spin city complete series dvd so much michael j fox ass
well i don't watch i'm too young and cool to know anything about the 90s okay that time it worked
well i guess this is how it ends for old mama bar burn two verse three
round surrounded by dead hogs in my own home what mom what swallowed some grandma mom go use the hose i
bought to fend off the hogs in the backyard it's not that complicated like we have the hog hose for
a reason i can put it in complete darkness okay i don't what do you want jesus what yes
i i don't know what that does okay um do that one yep oh my god is he gonna kill it oh god what did i
just do oh no oh i took it out with me hey brand brand and he really was right about michael j fox
in his moon ass watching him shake it right now on dvd i'm gonna save um unfortunately a lot of our
game time today was cut into by how impossible technology is and how unfair it is um technology
is unfair and difficult to use and everyone agrees so i saved an animal today what have you done
with your life i actually saved something today i'm i'm a and that will that's a write-off on my taxes
what mom my brandy is the bestest he always plays with himself my brand brand is the greatest
he keeps his angled bucket on the shelf i'm impressed by your ability to rhyme
and i think a lot of things said in song or you can actually say that you couldn't say
outside of song so i'll accept it today on today america's birthday and some of us actually
still celebrate it and i'm not afraid to say that we're gonna raid your old dad
except it's not your old dad it's a different guy what the house you and your god god god
god damn hose dream i should have supported your gaming more goodbye son are you what are you
huh i think my mom might have like filled the bucket with um with pepsi she might have filled
a sorry she might have filled the hose with pepsi she likes to do pepsi hose she pressurizes
a can of pepsi or like one of the bottles and then she hey ladies what's cooler than being cool
ice cold all right all right all right brick you've got to take your time with music okay
you can't rush through it or it doesn't sound right all right that's it guys we're raiding your
old dad not my dad my dad is busy not being here but it's time to go so have a great like
america time it's a great time to america so go do that we'll be back next monday just stay calm
have a couple extra angled buckets in case you've got a big family event planned i don't let
family into the house my mom's already here so i can't get rid of her but i'm not doing anything
other than celebrating personally my love of america more stream four more hours i can't
i can't i have big plans with some buckets that are angled actually brick what bye bye did you see
the news about that one house flooding there's a bunch of pigs in it all right all right all right
all right okay saying a little bit more that time yeah we're gone till next wednesday sorry
next wednesday i might have said monday anyway the stream is like over so have a great week
plus sometimes you can't stream that's just how it goes we'll have to make sacrifices for our country
you know yeah it's a while but we'll be okay because we have the beautiful the beauty of our
and grandeur of our country to celebrate