Should be working minus what's going on here?
I'm Papita. I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live.
Okay, let's see
Resetting a bunch of things. Okay, there we go. Now I can see chat again
We're back to normal
ish
Normal ish the question is will it do the thing now where?
Everything runs super e it is doing that
Peter where are you running at 10 frames per second because we might just have to we might just have to live with it for the day
If you're feeling off
Like you sometimes do
Yeah, I'll well slow today
Okay, nothing you can do
Oh, no, my brain is not running well
Hmm. Is it usually usually a whip smart?
a trenchant political commentary from
Hmm visually he looks all right. It could also just be my computer. Oh, I see what happened
Guys, I see what happened. Are you doing better now? Um
Sort of
He's taking the death of late night very hard. Papita. Were you a fan of cold bear?
Yeah
burrito
Um, not that I'm aware of
he's
Chicken
He's a late night host right love that guy
I'm gonna try to reset one other thing and see if that helps you're gonna lose audio for just a sec
Most likely okay, here we go. That's the best we can do today. I guess I feel great now
Everything is normal
Well, you're not any more delayed than the other people that I might talk to you so I guess I shouldn't complain
What do you mean? My mouth is moving at the normal pace case
Uh
Oh my god, there's too many there's too many people flying around. Papita. Can you stay in your producer's corner?
I was over there to help Jeff
Okay
Jeff, why are you over there? This is sometimes where I go
to
Piss
We've got a debate so that'll kill some time
Hard or soft shell tacos. Ooh, we're running through some classics lately. You love to see it piss tacos
Jeff you just have piss on the mind. That's true
You interrupted me on my way to the bathroom and now I feel like I'm on the spot
Also, where's your goddamn fish tie you non-professional?
At least jeff keeps keeps me on track when it comes to this fish tie
It doesn't matter if we're only streaming for 20 minutes and I've spent half of it doing tech stuff
I gotta wear this fish tie
Oh wait, I also have to remember to take these off
Fuck hard shell tacos
That's crazy guys
What's the problem with hard shell tacos?
I kind of agree with melody von tortur if your point is that they're like nachos
but in a
tube
In a half in a half pipe hard shell tacos are just nachos in a half pipe
Fortunately, I don't have to debate this incredibly touchy issue. I can leave it to the semi professionals and dead people
sick
Out of um recovering people. There we go. People say it's not authentic
uh
I mean
I guess I've only really had them that often at taco bell to me. They're authentically taco bell
If I go to taco bell, I don't think I'm getting too touchy on if I have a soft shell or a hard shell taco
I guess I honestly can't think of the last time I had a hard shell taco outside of taco bell
My point would just be that at taco bell. Sometimes I want a hard shell taco
But I don't really trust any of their food. So
An expert on how not to get caught on a kiss cam with your wife at a cold play concert
That
Could have been useful for some people for sure
Not your wife
Yeah, not your wife
Why is it doing with not your wife? Yeah
Not your wife. I get it. I think
Wait, I'm gonna let me try one last thing. I just realized
This program is shitting the bed once again once I
Oh the many mysteries of computer
Who would be an expert in that?
At least now I can load things. We're good now. I mean, it's not gonna look good, but
I should have stopped having that be a concern on the stream long ago
An expert in kissing
Okay, this seems like it makes sense
Um, Donald Trump
I don't know if we want his kissing expertise, but
If the request is out there
We can do that
Chat can can s word it
See caught myself
I won't be tricked not today
George Lopez
Wait a minute. What is this one second?
Will this load
Sometimes you see an expert floating around out there
And you're like
Is it gonna let me get away with this?
Oh
If only you guys knew
All the beauty you're missing out on
By um
By this program only half functioning. It's so sad
There's so much incredible stuff out there. I just can't show you. Oh the worlds. I could show you
No brown face. Yeah, I do avoid though. I would avoid those filters either way
though sometimes I click on one and
Fortunately outside of one Mario occasion
I uh, I haven't shown you it but they're out there every once in a while. I'll click on one and be like
Thank god. It didn't hard cut to this
because
stream fails
But maybe maybe worse than what you're expecting
Okay, anyway, I guess we'll ask donald trump about this
You know, well, let's do the news first because it's about donald trump that will I'm gonna turn off requests
We'll talk to this kiss expert and then uh, we'll
Do whatever else for the day. Uh, oh munchin crime. Then we'll just get the fuck out of here
I gotta I gotta hurry up. We only have 30 minutes to do it all so let's do some quick news
Flip it take you on it through history
Yes, feeling great today, you know, let me even check this
Good to see everyone it's your boy rick
You're to smooth everything over national temperatures gotten a little hot
Why am I feeling so groggy today?
Everybody's gonna be feeling groggy today. Sorry. It's a short stream at least so you don't have to feel groggy for that long rick
I just feel like i'm moving at like half the usual pace
Whoa
Yeah, there's a lot of white in your hair and beard now. Who's that fault is that?
Who knows?
Hmm, you just got home msg good
You're home
Welcome home
Hope you had an okay day. Oh my god. Everything is breaking
Uh
Trump special day
Let's talk about it. I haven't really um checked in on all the details of whatever this birthday story is
So birthday card story
So i'm excited to learn with the rest of you
What could he have done this time?
Getting himself in trouble
Just for a good old birthday card
Come on. Come on. Come on. Oh
This is beautiful. What the frick
Ah guys
If I had a camera behind you would see that things are not
Working the way that they're supposed to today
And i'm far i'll be fine
Wait, i'm fine with that because i can roll with the punches and it's not
Going to drive me insane
You know, you know what i mean rick you're sounding scary
and
Just chill
Rick's got the news covered
rick news
I don't know. I don't know if I like that that framing for this rick
I feel like you're gonna probably do a pretty bad job with the commentary on this. What?
Stop prejudging
My pre news workout. All right. Here we go. That's not the right one
Here we go. We're swapping it all around
And now I sound like rick. All right
Jesus
Okay, can it work not there we go
Frickin headaches today everybody
Rick what were you gonna say?
Oh, and now this isn't working
I'm gonna murder. I'm gonna murder stream my stream
I gotta murder my stream set up real quick
Because it is not cooperating
We're back. Okay. We're so set up. Boom
flawless
And I look great
Just uh, when you hear my words move my mouth forward in the future by about
One second reported birthday card from trump to epstein shines new light on their friendship as fallout from files release
bounce
murderbot
What a murder bot sorry live and please call that up my brother recommended it
Or said that he watched it. I did I have a bit of a bias against apple tv, but I got to say murder bot was pretty good
I also liked um something else I watched on apple tv recently that I've already forgotten
And obviously there's severance
But the fact that I watched a show I like a show I liked but forgot and severance might mean
That frankly apple tv might be batting the highest average
of
Of quality this year my favorite streaming service
might be apple tv now
Which I don't feel good about at all
But I got a call the strikes and balls
And they've been balling a little bit
I haven't watched the gorge. Oh, uh, the they're in a nuclear silo
Fallout, but it's uh, but less slightly less cartoony the studio. I also watched that the studio was also pretty good
So despite me constantly talking shit
about apple tv
And feeling slightly disgusted every time I see the apple logo
I also saw the preview for monarch monsters, which I didn't even ever hear about
When it came out. I feel like I completely missed any hyper around that at all even though we watched the trailer for it at some point
Both can be true. I guess I don't know why I would feel loyalty to like hbo max over apple tv
I think it's just something about apple tv be an apple and amazon both being like
We are we're movie we do movies now
I find annoying we're kind of in the entertainment business actually and we're on top of it
The actress is having a moment. I don't know what that means live in sleazy that oh that actress man
I can't read lately. That's why you outsource that stuff to the professional
mouth guys
I'm trying to do the news man
From monarch and shogun. I hope it's a good moment
The apple tv stuff deaf has an overproduced vibe because they put money into their shows, but they usually are still very good
Yeah, the murder budget was nice. It was like a nice sci-fi show
The scope wasn't like so huge that they couldn't pull it off, but it would just still did a lot of world building
And no complaints scar's guard did a great job. I thought the whole cast was was great
I like all the annoying hippy characters
Uh, they're flawed in a way that doesn't make them complete cartoons. It was very well done
And they got jason mimowa
Doing hawaii stuff soon. So
I guess I have to be an apple guy
The tv the streaming service did it for you not the phone you've used for over two decades
I could take or leave the phone that I that big chunks of my life rely on
I'm mostly impressed by their tv output
Hmm
Well, what about this of the news man? I look good. Okay
Donald trump reportedly helped celebrate jeffrey eppstein's 50th birthday with a body greeting accompanied by a hand-drawn image of a naked woman
I'm sorry. I had a birthday caught in my throat a report from the wall street journal on thursday
Uncovers new details about the relationship between the president and disgraced financier and convicted sex offender whose death and connections to
Trump are at the center of an explosive feud between his allies and right-wing figures demanding more information about the case
A letter bearing trump's name which was reviewed by the journal contains several lines of typewritten text
Framed by a drawing of a naked woman his signature is squiggly donald below her waist mimicking
pubes
You hate iphone such a hassle to do anything with it. I am a not a fan of apples design in general
Not we're talking about sex offenders case. I'm talking about both. We can talk about iphone's and sex offenders at the same time
Yeah
You hate both iphone's and androids. What does that leave samsung phones?
I don't know my phones well enough. Let's get a brick phone
I apple's design is annoying to me because they don't allow for much customization in my opinion. They hide
a lot of the um
functionality
That you might want to access to make it a more user friendly experience. Some people really like that
I'm sure if you're a dedicated applehead you can get past all that stuff
I'm just too used to windows products at this point
Which are on which have their own function problems, but I feel like in general whenever I've had like a windows computer
Um, it's way easier to access like the layers of customization that I'm interested in whereas with iphone stuff
It's always really fucking annoying
You had a windows phone for a decade and like it except for the lack of app support
I could see that being a problem google phones
Google's phone
Wait, it's a windows phone a thing. I'm talking about computers the phone
It probably has the same problems. You I mean people want to jailbreak them for a reason, right?
Whenever I have to do any weird
This has come up more than once whenever I have to emulate a cell phone on my computer
It's way easier to do it with non
iphone
Emulators that makes sense
I don't know why that's come up for me several times
But it has windows phone os needs to make a comeback. I have a unihertz tighten pocket
With the physical this is a preachy with a physical keyboard like a blackberry and it would be unstoppable with windows phone os
And back to sex sex offenders top five sex offenders rick. Can you count these down?
Coming in at number five according to live in sleazy. We have jimmy sevile number four donald trump
Okay, allegedly
Not even no
Allegedly no allegedly according to him. No
Number three harvey winestein
Number two prince andrew allegedly according to him. No
He can't say allegedly according to him. No all in one sentence. There's periods in there somewhere and it's not my responsibility to tell you where
And number one gary glitter. That's number one with
What should have probably been a literal bullet?
Yeah, those are such a rough list
It's an accurate possibly accurate but pretty rough list
Snorlaxing says when I took mobile development in school
You had to have an apple computer to emulate an iphone where android just worked
That's the kind of apple versus uh windows experience. I'm talking about
I just feel like a windows as an operating system is so much more flexible
Case in point. I have a pretty good windows laptop that I use for work when I have to work with clients that
tend to operate off of uh more of like an apple infrastructure and
It was so fucking hard to get this snap camera
Rip working on it that I just had to uh bell and get like a cheap secondary
laptop to run it on
That's the kind of thing
I feel like they're constantly fucking up for me
But those are very specific complaints if you're if you're just looking to like
Edit video or like play media or use a computer firmware
for less like
I don't know weird media projects then I could see it not being a problem
And it's I mean I've heard that their laptops in general are higher performing than um a lot of like
Dell laptops or like laptops that use windows
I don't know that stuff well enough to really to speak on it
Then shut up and talk about pedophiles already alleged pet. No one's a pedophile. There's no more pedophile
We got them all I think you're a little behind rick and not just because of your mouth. What do you mean?
I'm literally reading the most up-to-the-date news courtesy of yahoo
Anyway, he wrote
We're back to trump now. Okay. We're doing trump still we're still talking about trump
We're back to trump and we got to hurry up because you're on much time apparently
Anyway, he sent him a sexy letter that he didn't send he didn't trump didn't send him a sexy letter
Says trump and everyone else that's saying he did
prove it
But if you did believe it the letter concludes happy birthday and may every day be another wonderful secret
That's just a nice thing that friends say to each other. One of you ever asked a friend told a friend
It may every day be another wonderful secret
secrets
Can be the thing about a secret is it's like Schrodinger's
Happiness you don't know if it's good or bad until you open the box and see what the secret is
And if the box stays closed
then
The secret could always be incredibly pop pop positive and that's the that's our country right now
Everybody wants to open the box
But as long as we don't open the box. There's a 60 percent chance
There's an adorable kitten in it and if we open the box, there's a 40 percent chance to hire that it's full of
Stuff you just don't need to know about
I just can't take you seriously
When you're this glitchy looking i'm i'm glitching for america right now america you're glitching me out
And it's because you're stressing us as you're stressing us decision makers out with your nosiness
That's affecting polls that apparently mattered. Some people still damn it
The card could depict a trumpy finger going into an ass could this be a secret
Let's go with that they fingered each other's butts
Would that satisfy everyone a little humiliation but not
Legally as troubling
If they wanted we're you know if those two had just fingered each other's butts
Then I would say god bless
But their butts aren't the butts that were worried about
At least you said that terribly we I can at least enjoy that
In an interview with the journal trump denied writing the letter or drawing the picture. This is not me. See here we go
This is a fake thing. It's a fake wall street journal story
By that I'm assuming it is a it's a fault. They did put out a whole story on it
So that it's real that it's a story unfortunately, but it's fake. What he means to say is the story isn't true
uh, Donald trump and jeffrey eppstein pictured in 1992 uh, this is in the story
Look everybody loves these little gotcha photos of them hanging out and
Virginia guffrey worked at mara lago and that's where eppstein met her and
Trump openly dated a 20 year old woman that he said jis lane maxwell introduced him to and she seems to have known her
Possibly when she was younger than that and he said that jis lane maxwell introduced him to other women
In a tabloid in the 90s
So
I was I don't think most people are even aware of the stuff you're talking about right now rick
My point is stop talking about it
Geez what it's not like the guy was criminally accused of sexual assault by a 13 year old girl
He'd literally well she wasn't 13 when she accused him, but
But that case got thrown out so
Let's throw it all out
Throw it all out throw it all out
Every time it gets to a court it doesn't
Work so it must be a lie
Yeah, virginia guffrey. I think is her name. She did she did die
She died
You know and I've also seen people say she's not credible because she was caught lying about certain things
like like that would
Make everyone even if she was lying like
One of these victims who definitely wasn't lying about everything
Um, there's just so much shit at this point. There's just mountains and mountains and mountains of shit. I believe her too
I think there's like specific things where people like found contradictory facts to something or other
That's just so ridiculous like
I again, I don't even know
Exactly what happened. I don't know if trump
was directly involved with
Attacking women or if he just knew this guy really well. He's protecting other people. I suspect the
I suspect the more obvious option is true. Like if I had to go with my gut, I think donald trump is
You know, I try not to use this word that often but a rapist
He's been accused of it by multiple people at this point and he absolutely seems like one
So it would not surprise me at all
Um, and he was criminally liable for for rape. So like
That's just the fact that we even have to entertain this like delusion
that he's not a fucking creep and
Almost certainly did this shit is insane
but it's just so I guess
somehow this
Was not apparent to people
Both times they voted for him and it's and it's managing to create like at least a fissure in his
Um
podcasting wing the podcasting wing of the of the republican party is acting like this is some type of revelation
I don't know how aware like your average voter is of this stuff, but it's just it was so obvious
Back in 2016 that this is who he was. It's only become more obvious since he's been president
Uh, it's hard for me to believe that this is what's gonna take him down because it should have taken him down
17 times over
But I guess the specific conspiratorial nature of the epstein stuff
Makes it feel so deep rooted and troubling that I don't think people are going to be able to entirely move past it
Like that combined. I guess with him just
Going full like violence mode on a ran
Despite people not really wanting us to get it pulled into more conflicts. Maybe that one-two punch is actually gonna
Peel off support from him
We'll just have to wait and see
I don't think the birthday card is going to do it
This birthday card didn't do it because it's not it's just
It's just a store-bought card a store-bought card. They sold it at a store
They sold a store at a store. It was just the hate it was the card that was already pre-signed donald
And it was in the wacky card section of
The hallmark store that donald trump probably had in one of his towers
And it just came like that it came with that weird secret thing in the drawing of the naked woman
And he just he was in a rush. So that's the one he bought
Hmm is that in this news article you're reading? This is this is deep inside knowledge and I will
I will be quoted on this. No one's gonna quote you rick. Well, but they could I'm just saying if you want to put me in the news
Anyway, he the trump went on for more facts that aren't facts. We don't trust the news. It's not my language
It's not my words trump told a newspaper allegedly according to this newspaper
A type written note styled as an imaginary conversation between trump and epsi written in the third person
Is reportedly included inside the outline of the naked woman
In the imagined conversation trump reportedly says we have certain things in common jeffrey to which epsi replies
Yes, we do come to think of it
Onigmas never age. Have you noticed trump writes?
According to the journal
Um, I'm not unsettled by this. I just I my vision's not good today
Okay
Claims to have reviewed pages from a leather bound album of birthday cards
Examined by a department of justice officials who investigated epsi and his former girlfriend
Just in just laying at max well
The revelation follows a disastrous week for trump which we don't need to get into
So fucking creepy with not even that weird even if it was true
Which it's not says the president who we need to trust because we elected him to be our commander
In honesty and why would he lie about this? Why wouldn't he lie about this?
This this could be the kind of thing though like this is just creepy. So it's somewhat fascinating
um
But it could be the kind of story that never
really
syncs into like uh
Being accepted as fact like the leaked um like biden's daughter had a leaked
uh
Journal she like had a journal that supposedly leaked
And in that journal she talked about taking showers with her dad when she was like a teenager
But that never really rose to the level of being accepted commonly as fact
To the point where i'm not even sure if it's that that's like legit or not
It was it was very in right wing circles. I could imagine this kind of thing sort of being more
Like the left wing version of that but the heat is on him
So hard right now trump that is not biden biden's heat is very much fading dark soul style
Uh, the heat is on trump so hard right now that it's just like the the chips keeps stacking up
I don't know
There's no incentive for him to actually release any of these things in a way that will get him legally in trouble
So I just and as long as he's got the reigns of the party, which I don't see going anywhere
I don't see him losing those reigns anytime soon. He's roman reigning over the party
I just I I feel again like all of this is going to just be kind of circling outrage
Where everything is just constantly denied and everyone basically knows
more or less everyone has a vague sense of what actually happened, but
There's just no way that anyone will hold him legally culpable for it. I know that democrats have introduced
Um
Like
Or they're trying to introduce legislation to be voted on to release the eppstein files
Legislation, I don't even know what it would be there. They're trying to like bring it to a vote to release the eppstein files certain democrats
I don't know how that's going or where that will go
But it would be good if they could at least use this moment a discharge petition
Thank you bonsai bullfrog
Would be good if the democrats could get their shit together
For just even half a second to make everyone go on the record and vote against these files being released, which I think
Trump would have to whip at least the republicans to vote against it
The fucked up thing though is I'm assuming democrats would also have to vote against it because
Again, the only thing that really makes sense to me here is that these files implicate
people on both sides of the political spectrum from all over the place
The only thing that doesn't make sense to me about that
Like line of reasoning is if
All of our national power brokers are the ones in charge of stewarding these files and these revelations
Why wouldn't they just manipulate them like trump's talking about how how biden manipulated them to make him look bad
I don't understand why trump isn't just manipulating them to make the democrats look bad
I guess it's just like all of the norms have been so shattered. I can't imagine that these things aren't basically up for sale
Like I don't know why
The state department or the fbi
Wouldn't be you couldn't just manipulate them into manipulating the documents
Um, but maybe I'm being too nihilistic. Maybe there's still
Enough credibility when these investigations happen that they just uncover things
Then again, half the things they could uncover would probably just be shit. Again, we already know
um, so
I don't know we'll see we'll see how much this continues to be a story
Two a exists for a reason. I don't I'm too dumb to even know what two a is in this context live in sleazy
Ready for a great stream
With many wonderful secrets. Thank you. Thank you, my friend you and I what did he say?
That is one of the more insane
Things I've heard written
enigmas never age
Keep that in mind us enigmas we never age. Whoa, you're claiming to be an enigma now
I'm just trying to sound presidential personally
I'm studying up on how to be an orator like donald trump
E gene carol would uh disagree with the every time it goes to court thing fair enough
They couldn't hide the fact that they edited the video in the metadata exactly
But I just mean like if you're if you control the spigot
Then you can kind of
Control the flow of information. I'm assuming
But maybe not I mean, you know the government's so big and cumbersome maybe
Maybe there just is legitimately a file that's like and then on this day donald trump was hanging out with
Epstein at his pedophile mansion and there were this many 15 year old girls there
And there's just no way for him to like edit that shit out of there
We'll see
Yeah, we're this all but spigot control
The whole government is just about spigot control
Was there a wrestler the enigma there has to have been or at least it was
Like the nickname in front of a wrestler's name
Louis baton the enigma
There should be a wrestler named Louis baton the enigma. I've decided even if it's a brand just do it anyway
Jeff Hardy was the charismatic enigma. That's a good point
They just fully released the attorney involved in the Epstein case would be allowed to release what they have
Well, they just fired uh, James Comey's daughter who I guess was involved in the Epstein investigation
um
Though given her handling of
The p-ditty trial
I can't say
Her batting record against rapists and pedophiles feels particularly strong
But I'm also kind of surprised she was still around given how much trump
Uh, you know hates the Comey's he hates Comey's
Kind of sounds like a fun product when you say it like that
So anyway, you're out of time case
You got to just hard cut to munch and do a a uh
Debate that's true. There's no time to wait a quick debate. It's time for munching crumbs
How am I supposed to debate under these circumstances?
Growing to me when I only got five minutes to do this
For a topic as meaningful as hard shell versus soft shell tacos
Let's see if uh
See if this still works
Is your is your speaking spell working today? Yum yum yum
Okay, it is working I guess
Good to know
What's that you more to say
constantly saying
Things to me
Munch love soft shell
That's actually true soft shell is the traditional
taco
arrangement
But just do nachos if you're gonna do nachos nachos are a superior way to scoop up ingredients into your mouth anyway
Yeah, traditional and as we all know
I've claimed to be mexican on this stream before
Isn't that right crumb?
I prefer burritos
Okay, well that's convenient. Wait, that's not an option you fucking bastard. I only eat white foods
That sounds about right
That does sound about right for you
So disappointing
I miss my numby
Maybe this thing really works, you know, I was wondering if it did but I can't imagine anyone other than you saying some shit like that
That's disgusting. It's a disgusting thing to say
Yummy crunchy taco in my tummy
All right for anyone who doesn't know
Look crump seems to damage his vocal cords. I got him this device so that he can talk to me the very real him
Who's definitely still alive and how could he not be listen to him go?
Listen to him go crumb
He lost those flaccid shells
No, I'm
I'm saying first of all soft shell the soft taco is not flaccid
If anything it should be filled to bursting
Okay, and that makes it stiff in its own way like an overstuffed burrito. We don't have much time left. I gotta fucking go
So i'm soft shell you're apparently a maniac and love hard shell tacos disgusting to say
Uh, but I will bravely defend the side of the angels here for my proud mexican people
Um, which I am claiming to 100 represent
No one here to give me pushback on that. I'm realizing
Which is fine
It's fine when I have to sit in the statements that I make and no one can disagree with them right away
Unless they want to
No munch is still a broke
Okay, look, um
It's just you miss coach magurg
That's insane to say no one no one misses that man a trader
A trader. I don't even want his support and I don't and I never wanted it
And I don't need it because uh, he probably wants to give it back and I don't even care
I've rejected him. He didn't reject me and the point is soft shell tacos are better
Because look if you're too hard and you're come this our best
It's my turn to talk actually it's actually my turn to talk. I'm currently the one disgusting soft shell tacos
Look the point is uh, you you want a flexible taco because what's just got us
What about fucking to status? We're not talking about that grumb point is soft shell tacos are more malleable
You can stuff them with more meats and delicious
Join the cream team patreon
The quick fucking plug in the patreon right now. We're trying to have an actual discussion about
I'm scared
Yeah, I bet you're scared you're scared because I'm hitting you with facts like that soft shell tacos are frankly superior
It's easier to get in your mouth. You can't have a taco without baha blast
You you absolutely can you can have a diet coke you can have a agua fresca you can have a jarito
Haritos on your hard shell so with sour cream
You fucking wish you could cream up your soul your soul is as dry as a goddamn badgat left out in the desert
You I don't you don't even know how to say his fucking name. How could you miss him?
Do you actually have anything to fucking say about soft shell tacos or hard shell tacos?
Because while trying not the idea of hard shells you can have nachos you can have taco salad
What do you get when your taco falls apart?
Depression and rejection which I know you're all too familiar with
Are you fucking done? Jesus
How's it feel to lose suck my wife?
Just gonna ignore that because I'm one
Whoa, don't need to win in that way
Hey
Can't even find your wife actually
You could get a hold of her that'd be very helpful because I don't know where to send you after work
You just sit here and it's unsettling
Oh, shit. You didn't win
Yeah, no one's getting points for that
Turn it turn his music off
And reduce his score. That's ridiculous one second
Boom
Trying to steal my victory you truly must think that you're
Unkillable if you're trying to pull some shit like that my hard earned victory
I already gave you six points out of the kindness of my heart because I felt so bad for you being so fucking pathetic all the time
Jesus I gotta fucking go
Munchie tortoise if you know what I mean. I don't know what that means. What would that even fucking mean from realistically?
You took eating from me
First of all you took it from yourself with your bad behavior and your gambling
I want to boom boom boom and a zoom zoom
I'll bet you do and we would all support you doing anything other than sitting still
I will stuff your taco dry
I bet you would love whatever anyone know that is to make sense, but you cannot even step
to this
Your voice thing just malfunction
Because that wouldn't be surprising hell is too hard for soft tacos
But in hell the hard shells always stab the roof of your mouth. All right, look we gotta fucking go
I'm we're gonna raid somebody. I guess I'll do it because someone's being so lazy today
Trying to swoop me with your malfunctioning voice box
I'm not that easily scared by whatever you think that even was okay. Don't do it again
Please is someone looking after my mummy. I hope it's okay. There's no time for this. Uh, let's raid Bruce Green
Actually, let's raid Ricky Pica
Uh, good. Thank you red jacket is a cool nickname and I will absolutely take that melty bond torture
Unlike your nickname, which is still just
Sorry for the quick stream today. I don't really understand what's happening. You might be getting actually haunted
What what did you even just say?
Jesus christ
Let's play the credits and then let's actually use it as the end of the stream for once
Yeah, well
What'd you say about my mother taco
My mother taco is a saint and she is filled with only the finest meats which are not yours
That's all the time we have for today case has to do a patreon or something. He's just so busy
He's literally so busy. He's already late. What the fuck is that?
It's fucking terrifying. Can you not put yourself on a tv?
Yeah, well apparently you already are jesus