Give me your sweet bitties deep inside me. I love it. I love it
Yeah, whoa the double live whereas life as it gets
Give me those sweet bitties deep inside me I do love it
Good to see everybody bundlesprout shape shifter uncle Phil Ryan link
Dag it on twitch s 1000 shape shifter. You only live twice exactly
Card can good to see it
You can reach out and touch me
Just don't jam your finger into whatever screen. You're on too hard or I will feel it and maybe it'll feel good
Stormbird 92 quick that you walk junk dog gearless Joe
No
mad
And I'm never mad to read that name
Let's see how Pepito's doing you okay, buddy obvious fine. What the
Yeah, I'm fine now. I feel good. I was feeling the power cosmic because I ate those bits
That gives you the power cosmic. Are you into Marvel now? Yeah, I'm into Marvel now. I
Love deep Marvel lower
deep Marvel or yeah, like
Did you know dr. Doom is
He's metal you don't say yeah, he's a metal guy. Wow, that's crazy
Thank you. Thank you for saying hello everyone
Does Pepito have any relation to judge?
Ito from OJ wait, you know from the OJ case. Oh
Judge, you know from the OJ case. That's a thing. You're familiar with yeah
We'd look similar so I get that a lot. I look like judge, you know, but we're not related
Now we basically look the same
But we're not as far as I know I am a street mom girl, so it's hard to say
Hmm
The case kept interrupting your episodes of X-Men. Oh god. Are they plugging another like
Season of that Cuba Gooding OJ show. I don't know how you would really make another season
Are they just making another OJ documentary? We'll never be done ringing that story for
Sorry poor choice of words. We'll never be talking about that story
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Nothing, let's move on. Yeah, let's move on
Too far. I'm the one who went too far. It was me Austin another quote. I can't say damn. Okay
Weird start today
Let's just get into some news. I'm not I can't be trusted to talk to myself. I need to talk to chat
About the news and to help me set it up. I I have a new one totally unnecessary graphics. So let's throw it at that
Whoa
Now I got a week. I got a big fancy graphic. Is that all for me?
Yeah, it's all for you chat. Oh my god. I am honored
What does that do for you? It gives me more time to press buttons
Okay, so now that production will be seamless. Well, sorry. Just put Peter more time
Fantastic, that's great. And that gives this story all of the
Gravy tasks that it's worth because this is a fucking game changer for me and I don't know how I feel about it
Well workout pill wash you medicine exercise my medic wait, that's not the story. Where's the fucking story an?
Exercise pill me soon offer the same base benefits as a workout scientists say
What is going on here can't come out of
Can't come out of a pill so I'm slightly
Incredulous about this story incredulous incredible exactly. I feel like an incredible in that I'm stretching
This story is stretching credulity
That's a good word for you to know chat. Yeah, that was on my calendar this morning
It's called steroids, but that's the thing
Apparently it's called something else and that's what's got me worried because I'm a bit of a traditionalist if I'm gonna take a pill
I'll take Tylenol. Why are you gonna say chat? I just about to extol the benefits of Tylenol in moderation
What?
scaroids
Maybe that's what these are called
Are we am I gonna have to take scaroids because that sounds alarming
After testing new drug compounds that appear to mimic the physical benefits of exercise in rodents
Scientists say a pale may someday be able to do the same in humans. Alana Munez
get getty images
Well, we're reading a you don't have to read that stuff. How am I supposed to know what's news and what's not?
You know exercise is good for your health
But life can get in the way of your physical fitness
Perhaps you don't have as much time to hit the gym as you used to you have to be able to read that word
Or have a medical condition that prevents you from exercising at all
Maybe you hate working out. Wouldn't it be easier if you could just take a pill to re-app the rewards of exercise?
Would it be easier? I
Yes, I'm not trying to re-app outside of the gym
reap
I'm not a fucking farmer. I'll lift. I
Do have farm strength, but it's from lifting
weights
Okay, I just don't know like muscles are earned like the gym is my cathedral and every day I pray to Jay
Which is a guy named?
Julio who's at my gym who's even bigger than me and I'm like teach me Senpai
Well, maybe you guys can just get together and take pills. We already do. I mean, we don't
Let's keep reading the idea may not be so far-fetched after testing new drug compounds that appear to mimic the physical benefits of
Exercise in redance
Skyntists say a pill may someday be able to do the same in humans
Baja blast
Sorry, Baja L. Gandhi blast PhD a medicine a medicinal chemist and
associate professor at of anastasia
Tessie a lot
Anna
Thespianism at Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis was scheduled to present his team's fine things Monday after the spring meaning of the American
chemical society
Well, I mean it's so far. It's unclear. They're haven't even presented their findings yet. I
Mean
These mess muscles are Natty. Yeah, I mean I don't know how to lie, but I'm Natty
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yes, I follow you chat you work out. I work out
to work up
To my best self and if it's just out coming out of a pill
Then what's the discipline required to obtain it and our muscles that you haven't even disciplined yourself for even worth it. I
Mean, honestly, if I could take a pill instead of working out. There's a good chance. I would oh my god
You're so fucking lazy, man. You don't believe in nothing. You got no disc a plan
Are you reading you're just saying it wrong? What?
body by Doritos
Look some three you can buy a hot protein Doritos, you know
No, I didn't know that you can buy a protein Doritos
You can get anything hot protein on the dark workout web the dark workout web. It's like a nice dark web for working out
Shut I need to I might have to check what's in your pill bottle. Don't I keep my credit card in there
Alright, whatever man as you age and gradually lose muscle mass strength and function a type of atrophy
atrophy called
sarcopenus
Sarcopenia, I think
What is it? I don't fucking know sarcopene peen peenia
Sarcopenia is the egg related progressive loss of muscle mass and strength the main symptom of the condition is muscle weakness
Sarcopenia is a type of muscle at atrophy
Primarily caused by a natural egging process
Okay, well my muscles a atropian because I've been I've been keeping them young through the force of my labors like Hercules
slam
Some hot chick named lion
Slam line up. I can't quite remember the story. The point is Hercules was in great shape and he fuck
Yeah, that was a mean take away from those stories. I think that's fair. Thank you. Anyway
Psycho penis, I think that's that sounds right
We're not saying by any means or forms that people shouldn't exercise
Again details 14 ahead of the presentation, but the drug hopefully will help people who cannot exercise
in other cases it can complement exercise programs to give
Give me harbor and is thinking about not working out to give more benefits to patience as well
Or it can be combined with this new wave of drugs and to die by the addicts drugs and drugs that are used for
Obesity in white lives. I mean
No, this is like
This is like a Tom Cruise movie. We're in a dark future right now
You associate dark futures with Tom Cruise movies absolutely
All of his films the the edgeless tomorrow
The the one where there's girls in tanks
And he predicts the future by being a cop
Jerry McGuire
Sure
Paint girl. Oh my might be tank girl. It's well you get my idea. We're in a dark few tour
It's like that Ooma Thurman movie where she's a fucking baddie, but it's cuz from birth they made her one
You have to earn the right to be a baddie
People are already genetically gifted with looks in some cases
Not me. I had to work for this face. I chiseled my my chin
Lifting you lifted with your chin. I put I put up fucking a hundred twenty for reps with my chin
Was that even look like but imagine I got like a huge strap on my chin
Pushing it out. I could knock you out with the thrust of my chin
Well, please don't I mean don't fucking cross me. I bought though. I'm a man of peace a
Huge yeah, imagine a huge strap on around my mouth
You know like a white strip a strap to my chin and it pulling me back and I push my chin out
So I take the strap on I push it. I push it hard
What?
Let's keep reading
Elgendi and his team spent about a decade developing a compound called
Slurpees it activates a group of proteins called estrogen related receptors or
Error error error e which Elgendi says are responsible for activating some of the most important metabolic pathways in tissues and
I the energy demand most elusive target error
regulates exercising distress adaptation as well as
Physiological Muscle process says miss me snack mice
Where I'm so I'm a lion so I'm scared of this. I'm like a lion so I scared of my
God, I gotta get you in reading classes, man. This is that basically
Just if I say something wrong just tell me I will be here all day
But it's just then don't the treatment also increased to fatigue
Resistant Muscle fiber in the animals researchers found next the team created new part
patentable
Patentable patentable molecules with the goal of making them safe potent and
F of self-efface
Efficient fake a fish you can't fish
Sorry, I thought it was a fishess, but it's actually
efficacious
You're just making up words now
Elgendi says further study of rat heart sales suggested the new compounds to do more
Sturungly mimic the effects of exercise the new generations we developed that I'm going to talk about today
These predicted to make it hopefully to the clinic one day in the next five years
Elgendi tells 14 the translation from animals to humans takes a long time
We need to do a lot of preclinical testing which is vital to ensure safety
I'm reading every word of this because if this is some shit. I'm gonna have to take I need to know about it
Well, and it doesn't like it's gonna be
Legal for a while. So you can keep doing your thing
Yeah, but I mean it's important to stay up on your supplements
And if there's a straight supplement that just makes you fucking huge
I mean obviously I do need to know about that even if I think it's a morally question yellow
Yeah, that's a real kid. That's a conundrum, buddy
I ain't wearing a fucking condom on my brain. These compounds simulate some of the same
Eputations that occur in musculine exercise. So your muscles think they are exercising even though they may not be well
I still get sore. Well, I still feel swole while still look in the mirror and feel an immense sense of satisfaction
I don't know what does it take for you to feel an immense sense of satisfaction in the mirror
I don't know after I've strapped on my chin and I fucking blast it out
The way you talk about exercises
It's not wrong. It's I just find it a little confusing Thomas Burris PhD chair of the department of the
Harma co
the name
Harma Cody Namco
Farmer Cody dynamics, that's a tricky one. That's fair. I said it right then hell's fortune
They improve metabolic health. They cause weight loss fat mass loss improved insulin sensitivity and prove the exercise endurance. Why are you?
They can we can hear you. Okay, this is important because these are the details
Burris is part of El Gendi's research team, which they skyrocketing popularity of GLP one egg egg
agonists
Protect antagonists. I don't know what that is actually a GLP one agonists. Oh
He said diabetes drug and weight loss. Oh
Shit, is that this is that this? Oh, oh
olympics
I was I was olympics osempic. Yeah, that that shit that everybody's I don't fucking need it if anything
I need to cultivate mass so to me that's just like
Water to a sandworm. I saw doing good for you
Although actually didn't know that I feel like you'd have had to read the book
Did I dream that worms are vulnerable to what there's no because the little worm in it gets hurt
But when the lady shut the spoilers
The class of drugs that treat obesity such as we go beyond the zippoondi
People are increasingly turning to farm farm acuticals the aid and weight loss burris says but he stresses that GLP
He's caused the loss of musical mass and function in addition to buy bodies fans the exercise mom mom tics
And his colleagues are studying to temper this those effects
These are a great need. There's a great need for something to be used in combinations
So that people who are losing that weight are primarily losing fat mass and retaining good quality musical
Because that can lead to future complications birth tells fortune older people who go on
Gilpeas gilpa ones all already have some reduced musical quality losing that mass could lead to some
Disabilities wait a minute
Is this like is this like that kid who's strapped up who strapped on a bunch of wings and then strapped on his way to the sun
No, I'm just saying at first they sounded like all benefits and now he's saying we better be careful or this kid eat all your muscle away
But I'm trying to gain muscle. What is this?
Well, he's just saying there's risks. They might have been talking about the weight loss pill there
Yeah, they're saying the weightless pill might cause a loss of muscle and this pill will offset it
No, yeah, kid Icarus that video game fucked me up when I was a kid. I was like
This is a dark parable. I don't even I'm not even ready to understand the game. The game seems pretty positive. That's scary, man
Oslympics, yeah
Yes, like Oslympics. Oh Zempik. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, basically this could offset stuff like Ozempik
So you can go on a full pill regimen to be both thin and jacked
They're coming for your pastimes man. What the hell am I gonna do if all I have to do is take pills to be fucking jacked and thin
Well, but we both might need to work on the second one spike for yourself. I'm I'm in a bulking phase and
It's important because I want to be as wide as a truck. You got to fill it up with that gas, baby
Fair enough. Anyway, what the fuck am I supposed to do with my life? Well, this again
This doesn't sound like it's it's super close to coming out and it's unclear if it even works. So
But I need to prepare myself. I guess maybe I should get into science
Well, if science is what gets you jacked, I just I don't know if I would go go with that chat
I'll just start learning science shit. Get me some beakers or something. I'll give me a science segment
Check guy the science eyes
Shet guy the science eyes check guy the science eyes
How to make you a whole set and do it you fucking don't whine
This is your job. My job is to make you a science segment check guys the science eyes
Why is it science eyes because my eyes are only for science now
Fine, yes, I'll after this scrum theme. I'll make the next goal check guy the science eyes. I
Didn't ask for it to be goal. I said do that shit right now. I can't do it right now
I'm doing this. I'm doing all the news go work on it
That won't work yet. Well, then you won't work
We need to make work program for case black. Well, cuz he's slacking his ass off
Slacking your ass right off the chair sliding down like someone lubed up your bar stool
I'll do it for each other. It'll just take me a minute
Holy
Nice, I didn't realize you were agreeing with me. So I went from angry to happy. Yeah, I'll do it for you
I'll make I'll make some of them. Great. You can make some of the graphics. Fuck. Why did I say that?
Damn it. Jamie Allen farm farm and put an associate professor in the Department of
Pharma ecology in toxic logic at Michigan State University
Wasn't involved in the research but tails 14 the results are exciting
She's intrigued by the team's plans to focus on the brain in future study
These particular droogs that used in the first go round
They don't crossing to the brain at all
Shit, can one of them make me smart as hell? I mean, I'm already pretty sharp, but that knife can always be sharpened
Is what my dad used to say
Or that knife accident
But then he still says it after but just that knife was so sharp. What?
Then we don't need to worry about it
And that way they can study the compounds as possible treatments for nerve
Nerve nerve generative diseases previous researchers has highlighted error as a potential therapeutic
Taric for Alzheimer's disease ideally an exercise mimicking drug would be in the form of a pill people could take
Once daily says Burris who's collaborated with El Gendi for years
These mainly combines and I'm testing them and we test them all the way from the biochemical method to the whole animal
Said Burris probably just like that
Sure, just like that just like that sign a fucking good
We continually optimize them trying to make them more droog like so they can go into human
Hopefully in the night T fire future
Women get more health benefits from regular exercise than men. What I don't know
Fuck
That why
You bury the lead. What's this shit?
That's not fair. I fucking knew Cindy was fucking dope in her ass
What girl Cindy at my gym? She's getting so big. She's getting bigger and bigger. She's like twice my size
Good for Cindy. No, she's not even she comes like three times a week. It's not fair
Maybe she's rusting her muscles appropriately. No, you got to work on that fucking ten days a week fucking action
Ten of days ten of days ten of days and if you ain't slacking what the hell women
Something look at this lady. She's fucking huge international team researchers and trying to find that women who exercise regularly
Maybe no risk of early death or fatal cardio. Okay, it's just about dying. That's fine
It's not mass benefits. It's death benefits and I didn't care about that
You don't care about dying. Oh shit
There's already a check got a science eyes post in the back feet on discord where go this is happening
breaking fucking news y'all
Put this put this shit away
Chet is science is that is the headline?
Chet is science now and I'll be coming to you with all the science
Pharmacuticals tech tech's enemy
Beakers
brokers
Buck breakers all the science you can fit in a body this big is coming your way
Check out the science guy coming tomorrow. No, not tomorrow. That's too fast
He's that maybe Tuesday check guy the science. I
Can this be my music? No, this is the breaking news music, okay? Well, anyhow
Get the fucking work case
Fine chat I will but you could ask nicer
police
Anyway, I don't know how to feel about all this working on it's who I am muskles is who I am
And they're trying to come for that
They're saying everything special about you is grown in a lab like they ain't a fucking x-men move here some shit
well
Maybe all this out prove them all by becoming a man of Skynes and then
No one will be able to touch my muscles because all have all have both the science and the muskles and no one
Understands muskles like a guy with them. So once I easily conquer science by putting in a couple hours a day in the science lab
Which is also what I call the gym call the gym the science lab. Well with some of the substances. We're working with me
Tile and all
Anyway, we'll see what happens and we'll see you
Tomorrow's who's maybe Tuesday
Soon with check out the science guys and my eyes is turned to the news
But now they turn away and they are forever, but not to not permanently closed one eyes open and one other eyes closed
And with that the news ends but also stays active because the news never leaves
But I've got a leaf thing for you, which is that I leave a leaf to the future by later
Big Shedda
Always makes it better
Sidents and muskles would be an excellent detective show Skynes muskles the two sides of the detective coin
This graphic is a way for me to give myself some time to drink water between seconds
I might make a shorter one for the outro. It's a little bit of a beefy graphic
Yes. Mmm. Uh, let's see
Wait a minute. I just was about to do something and I and my brain completely turned off
Um, okay
Also, um, apparently we're making a scrum theme. That's our current goal. Oh and Casem's on. I even know Casem was on. Oh
My god, we've got a live Casem
Hopefully stays on I went to do slightly shorter stream today
This moving and plus work stuff got everything so up in the air
Don't worry someday. I'll be settled and streaming
And streaming so intensely streaming more than anyone two hours a day several days a week
Hmm hydration graphic. Yeah, basically
Basically I can in fact add my lotion. I have that power
Get lubed up chat
Get nice and moisturized
Well moving finally sort of we were supposed to move the end of the month and now it seems like we're going to move
At some point next month. I did once again have to extend
my current
My current living situation, which isn't this a voluminous studio ignore my arm phasing out of reality
Hmm
I'm so glad you're moist. But anyway, it seems like we're supposed to move
Soon, uh, I don't know. We'll see
Hmm
We're gonna end up in the air stream. I really I should just stop bringing it up until it happens one day
I'll just be like I'm somewhere else also still be here, but secretly somewhere else
Maybe that is it. Maybe I've been cursed to stay here forever
But probably not probably this is lies and slander. All right, let's um
Send it to the movies. It's Thursday
That's a heck of a day for trailers
Some people say it's the best day for trailers and I haven't I haven't checked out any trailers in a week
So who knows what exciting stuff is on the docket?
another crow trailer oh
My god a Beetlejuice trailer
Wow, it's stuck. Who what will what will Trent even want to watch that's for him to know and
me to
Send it to so let's send it over to Trent of the movies. He's there
Yes, it's Thursday y'all the day of the dragon
Because I'm a dragon and it's my day
But also the day of trailers trailers and dragons are very similar. They both hoard gold and breathe fire
What well, okay. Anyway. Hello. Oh, look who's rudely interrupting
I've told you sound a lot like the guy case was just talking to I don't sound that much like a man
I'm sort of a more elevated version of him actually. Thank you very much
All right
Well, anyway, what you gonna watch today? I don't know man. There's Beetlejuice
Beetlejuice don't
Maybe I'll listen to a beetle. Oh album
Beetle yeah, my favorite band is beetle
Not beetles. That's some plate out shit. There's this you there's this young and upcoming rapper from Louisiana named beetle
He's fucking nasty with
That sounds very made up. Tam Tram. Thank you so much for the 16 months
Appreciate it
Just so you know all of this money goes not to Trent. It doesn't go to case apparently shit. That sucks
But we appreciate it nonetheless, I don't even know I'm even a why I'm doing work for this man
Technically I'm doing work for the state keeping an eye on you. I
When is that? Aren't you done at some point also? Why since when do
probation officers like
follow kids around
Well, you're a special case
Because your punishment is so weird someone has to observe it. I
Guess that makes sense
Let's watch the Beetlejuice trailer Beetlejuice. I'm trying to protect us, but I'm saying it too much
Beetlejuice Beetlejuice, I who know there could be a Beetlejuice
It's best to err on the side of caution. Don't even say Beetlejuice three times. Oh my god
You just said it a third time shit
I'm looking
We're goose-free, so I guess it's safe
But watch it dude. You might summon a fucking Beetlejuice and I don't really know what that thing's deal is because it's an undefined character
For once we agree. I will take it easy. No, this shit's kind of scary. What's happening Wednesday Adams is in this is crazy
Juice is loose. That shit was sort of spooky. Am I crazy?
Like I'm not trying to say I'm scared of of Beetlejuice, but
Something about that unsettled me
What the fuck Chris? Chris? Chris? Wait, you're back there? Yeah, I'm right here. What's wrong young blood?
What you were just a fucking goose
Young blood just you know look I'm I'm I'm I will say Beetlejuice responsibly as well
That's just once and I do agree with the chat that if you put Beetle in front of any word
There's a chance he will summon it
but
I didn't see nothing, so I think you're safe
Everything's fucking fine young blood. What the fuck is going on with my brain? I
Mean I've wondered that for a while. Are you a goose? No, man. I'm Chris
All right. Well look, I think it's important that I move on from from Beetle
Beetle and Bailey. I maybe I'll call it don't summon Beetle and Bailey. That's dangerous
Well, now we've said it fucking twice. All right. Look, we're just gonna watch the house of the dragon trailer
Let's watch something safe like dragons these fucking beetles has got my ass
And I'm freaking out
So let's see what's going on with the with the game that is thrones
Except in the past future. I can't remember but look at there's fucking dragons and shit. I'm curious
And the realm was at peace
There's a green trailer and another trailer never except queen. I guess we have to watch both or we haven't watched either
It is of course we'll believe what they wish
But the saris wanted to go on to succeed him
Heart can take it easy man. You're gonna summon beetle microwave
They wish now not for the good of the realm but for the satisfaction of vengeance
Plot against the king and I will pay it back a hundred times over
I'm as fierce and as any of them
You have no idea the sacrifices that were made to put you on that throne. There's a challenge
If you dare face me we will prevail and bring forth peace
But you must accept the path to victory now
Is one of violence
good
to war then
Oh shit, it's big ass dragons
All my life I've endeavored to serve both my house and the realm
And somehow none of it matters
I think I get why it's called
The green trailer because in the show there's the greens and the blondes
Um and those was the greens. It's a little confusing because
Some of the some of the greens is blind, but I think the deal is like
They wear green while the blondes
They just Targaryens or some shit
You know, I think it's the blacks, you know in blood. Whoa, what that?
What I don't you know, I don't
I was about to be scared because I'm pretty sure someone in chat subtle summon beetle microwave
But I'm not gonna not cut back to that just out of abundance of caution for other reasons
What's the matter?
Just a lot is the matter. Can everybody take it easy on putting beetle and then
And then just the word after it
It's doing things to my reality that I don't appreciate
I think it's fine. I think we're doing fine. Just take it easy young blood. I'll keep talking. I'll talk you through this
well, look
Don't do my voice look we gotta
Watch the other Game of Thrones trailer
If I keep if I focus on Game of Thrones, maybe the powers of the of the beetles
Will pass. Let's check out one more. It's the same show
But different
So I'm not repeating this. I swear
My father
Chose me
His firstborn child to succeed him
He held to his decision until death and yet
Allison son sits my throne
This seems like the same trailer, but I guess it's not
I
What I picked up from those trailers
Whoa, there's a lot of fire going on. Is that we're at war?
They're fighting or some shit
And you hate to see that
because all of them is blind
Do you think they could get along because blinds have more fun?
But I guess sometimes blinds fucking kill each other through that shit sucks. I get it
Sometimes when you're hot you just have the desire to fight other hot people
And that's sort of the tragedy of the Targaryen. Well, young blood. I think it's actually there's more going on there
Oh my god
chat, please
what
chat
Take it fucking you
You just were beetle moves. I
Well, look, this is on you young blood. You're you're taking the powers of the of beetle to casually
I don't even want to know what beetle dick would be which I also saw someone say three times
Um, hey, does anybody have my keys? Oh my god, Peter. Get the fuck out of here. I just
I'm looking for my keys
My wall you have a key to your wall. What does that even mean? I have keys to my wall
Also, you give these hoodies away right? No, those are my fucking stage hoodies, man
You got shit on them honestly, dude
Got white shit on them
Dandruffy
No, there's just a lot of
Hacking popcorn around here. I swear
Because I'm moving get the fuck out of here Peter. You ain't on my show. Sorry young blood. I was trying to help him find his keys
Whatever, um, I think I beetle dick didn't show up. Let's uh do one more trailer because we did double
We did double Targaryen
And it kind of was the same trailer and that both was like
War is gonna happen or some shit
Anyway, um marvel still is a thing
But I think now it's a game
I can't quite tell this could be a gamer. This could be a movie
And I think the point might be that now you can't tell the difference and I definitely can't so
I guess maybe bunch of crunkies debate this shit or something
But I'm about to either show you a movie trailer or a game trailer
And I honestly ain't fitting to fucking tell the difference. So let's see
I can't tell uncle Phil. I just don't know like what is it?
Searching house to house
Oh, it's a marvel simulator movie
Me too, dude, that's just us. You're just chilling giant catman bust through your door
My voice has been found
Shit, you'll stick to do
Shit, my audience went in
Oh, fuck. He's Batman and it's better if I tackle this one alone. You may encounter some obstacles
That won't be a problem. Our cat friend is definitely here, too
By the look of things. He's not very far ahead. The american boy is right on your heels
Who the hell are you?
If you wanted us dead, we'd be dead. So what do you want?
answers
Stay out of my way stand aside. I do not take orders from anyone. I don't have time for this
Neither oh shit moral combat
Injustice marvels amongst us
horizon hydra, I guess that means these two fucking losers fail
That's a bummer, right?
But look, I don't know if that was a movie or a game and
I may never know
But there's a game very clearly
Though I do think it featured it looked like it was all cut scene, but I think that's what the game looks like
Granted, we didn't get a great sense of the gameplay
But I think there were some sneaking sex in sections and stuff where that was like what the gameplay is going to look like
So they really do seem to be pulling off a more cinematic experience
Will the game be fun?
Maybe the game looks good enough. It's just fun
I think that's true. I remember
shit
This fucking stuff I can't get this shit out of my hat
I'm gonna let you kind of clean your hat
There's shit in my hat. I don't know
Anyway, I think if the game looks good enough, it is good
I remember
First time I played Pikmin. I was like, I feel like I am a Pikman
And I don't even remember how that game worked. I kind of didn't get it
I just button mashed the little guys fly everywhere
But it looked photorealistic to me and to me that really sold the whole fucking game
Pikmin looked photorealistic to you as Pikman
You pick a man you throw him you're a little guy with a huge nose. You should try it. I know the game Pikmin, you know
Look at that next level graphics dude when I was fucking six and playing that oh my god keep
I guess that lines up with how old you say you are
Yeah, it does
Stuff from the uh, got commercial they dropped all that dried seam
Our feathers or whatever on people
I mean pretty soon with the unreal engine
You'll be able to tell exactly what type of goo and feathers are falling on you
Totally realistic goos and feathers
Yeah, it's a game where you can punch nazis. How could it not be fun? That's a good point
I mean that's most games and it never fails to work
I played like like every call of duty game where you get to hit nazis and then eventually you're fighting like future nazis
Or kevin spacey or some shit and they kind of lost me on those. I was like, let's go back to the basics
I mean, I think they have on many occasions released more games where you get to punch nazis
You'll fight kevin spacey. I mean obviously he's satisfying a fight, but
Maybe that's the modern. Maybe that's the modern nazis. You just gotta have it all be it all
It's all kevin spacey
It's an army of kevin spacey's that you shoot
Would you not play that? I mean, I probably wouldn't just because I don't know anything else about the gaming
That sounds like a pretty dumb idea. I think you'd play it
I liked infinite warfare. I did not play it. I also did not play it
But I got a fucking ps5. I got a hot power pc. Maybe I should try this shit out
This guy's the limit young blood
Play all the games you want. I will
Although I'm fucking busy. I'm busy having sex honestly. Yes. I'm sure you're busy
I mean, I love the game, but I'm just so busy having sex like I might not have the time
Okay, well look you watched all the trailers. Um, I did I watched every one. That's every trailer
Wait, there's an ad there's an alien trailer
Alien Romulus. Yeah
Does that mean there's an alien Remus trailer?
That's a reference, you know. Well, I got a friend named Romulus. I got a friend named Remus
You think they named the trailer after your friend Romulus? Yeah, my friend Romulus works down at the sonic
He still wears skates. He's the only person who does that
He still wears skates at the sonic. He refuses to let him up
His brother Remus
He works over at the launch on silvers. They're always fucking feuding
Well, anyway, yes, we can watch alien Romulus if you'd like
I am curious. It's a short trailer. Oh, perfect. I love it when they condensed these movies down to a minute
It's one of my favorite types of film is the top. That's a minute long. Let's see. What's up?
Ah, shit
Oh, yes
nice
Honestly, that feels like a return to form to me. They're doing the throat stuff
They're doing the double mouth stuff
Alien to me has always been about throat and mouth stuff
And I'm glad to see that they're returning to that also flamethrowers or some shit
But she kind of has that at the end. She's got like a cool gun
Cool gun throat stuff mouth stuff. I'm in
That's what you like about alien is the throat stuff the mouth stuff stuff and guns
Tell me I'm wrong chris
Roads and boats
Well space boats space boats a spaceship is basically just a space boat
Because it floats in space
Damn, I guess that's a good point man. I never thought of it that way. Damn
Listen to me. I got wisdom and experience young blood
I know that spaceships is basically space boats
Jimmy cam said he loved it
So wait people have already seen this shit. Damn
I'm fucking behind. Well, I just saw it too. I saw the whole thing. No, that was the trailer. Yeah, I basically saw
I saw you I get it aliens is back and I just saw it and I give it five stars
I'm glad that you liked the trailer
Of the film basically the film alien vs predator, but the twist is the predator is giving spacey
That's that that twist happened a couple years ago and it was not as satisfying as people thought it would be
Definitely not my favorite twist. That's for sure
James Cameron season those all
Was he is he involved in this? Wait, it listed people at the beginning
From fade-off res
Director of don't breathe and evil dead. Oh, he made the other evil dead
Hmm. Well, it looks like he's doing it in this thing. Was that other evil dead good?
I honestly never saw it
I did
But I did do the universal ride
You did that you went to LA to do the universal ride. I happened to be in LA
Isn't it one of my dad's steakhouse locations? Your dad's steakhouses are in LA now. Yeah, we're international now. Shit
And anyway, I went to the universal evil dead ride. It was pretty good
I feel like I saw the movie basically because I did the universal Halloween horror nights ride
And I give it five stars
Movies aren't transferable that way young blood. You gotta need to work on your media literacy
I ain't trying to read a fucking movie dude. Fuck that
You tracked my previous boats and throw statements
Nah
It's all boats and throats
All right, that's fine. Anyway, that's all the time we got for today. I gotta let go
Like I said, I'm not busy doing like a lot of sex stuff lately
That's sort of one of my hobbies lately is sex
So I gotta go do that
But um, I'll be back and when I'm back
You'll actually know exactly what it was because it is what it is. See you later. Fire one million. All right
What else are we gonna talk about today?
Shaka, thank you so much for the support
Appreciate it. Um, oh, I don't even have my thing
There it is. Tam Tram in case I missed it earlier, but I don't think I did. Thank you for the uh, sub
The resub 16 months tam tram in it
Shaka 15 months
Damn someday it's going to be two years of me doing this
and then I think I
Think they have to pay me out then. I think they send you a million dollars
A million for each year call for an expert. We need to visit from everyone's favorite insult comic don wriggles
Oh man
What was
What's don up to
Uh
Let me find let me see if I can get don on the line
Lupito do we have access to the to the don machine is don on retainer?
He's not busy. He's definitely not busy
Shit, I guess that means we can get him. Yeah, we have no choice because of the rules
I will enforce the rules. I am the rules dog
Fair enough. Well get him prep for me. Let me find don real quick. Um
Donny, baby
There's your number
There's don's number
I'll I'll get him. Don't worry. All right. I trust that you'll get him. You know
um
One of these is done
Well, you know don looks different depending on his lighting. So
Who's to say
Who's to say what's don and not done?
I do remember what he looks like
Where in the world is don wriggles. It's christ. There's some scary looking guys on here
Um, let me try one other thing got to get that don hotkey going
Uh, Jesus christ. There is some stuff
There's some dark. There's some dark corners of snap camera
But I I'm I'm always surprised when I haven't explored them. Well, shit that we're just gonna say this is him
Oh
Dirty dozen. Yeah
We might have to just decide that that's what it is. All right. Um
I can't find it. I give up. I well actually I did find it. I did find it
But you know his lighting is different today. Um, don wriggles hentai
Don't load him up with material
Maybe he'll come over to the desk and break down a story with me
I hope he's on a different wavelength than before. Maybe he's got some new material
Um, but here's don wriggles. Well, let me tell you what young man
Ah
A new material
Maybe you should get a new asshole because your stinks to high heaven
Well, they say that the the left hand of god right hand of god jesus mary or something. Well, uh
The the stink of your ass rises all the way up there. So under the nose of god is your is the smell of your stinky butt
Look at this guy. Okay, glad you're still on that
Stick them back in the kiln. I'm fully fried
Uh, I'm I'm based. I'm
I'm blazed
And I'm I hear for the gifts and gaffes
gifts and gaffes
gifs and gaffes
I don't don I guess just come over here and cover a story with me. Uh, we'll kill all the birds with one stone
So come on down. It's uh, it's don
wriggles
Wow, look, I'm on the news. I'll say that hardly smells when he's right inside
What are they talking about? Don't worry about that. Anyway, what do you want to
Are we are we going in on a news story? I'll fry the news
I'll wriggle that news up. I'll wriggle that news right up your ass where it'll die because of the stink of your butt
um
Okay
Katak kataku
Kataku resign
Let's see
How does this thing work? There's this what's this stuff you got? Okay
Hey
Uh
Kataku EIC resigns over new editorial edict. Yes, that's so much bitties god. I love bitties
Phoebe bitties in all my holes. Oh my god. The bitties are here. Oh, there's a hype train happening
Oh, yeah, sorry. That that means I've got to play the at least I got to play the hype train music. Um
what
Card King, thank you so much for the
1000 bits
That's a lot
Uh
Yeah
That is thank you so much. Uh
Thank you so much for the thousand bits card king
That's why you you you you literally unleashed the secret kevin, um
audio
kevin
Only thing that's a secret is uh the secret to making this man's ass stink 1 less
They've tried everything they've tried bleach. They've called the military. They've called a priest
Well, the only thing he exercised was more smell and the priest died like in the film the exorcist his neck spun around
from the stink of your butt
Thanks Don
Don't think if you want to thank me
remove your butt from the universe
with its smell
You do anything else. Well, I had to I can't do the racial stuff anymore
People say it's in bad taste and I say you want a bad taste you can literally taste the stink of this man's ass
But normally I'd be talking about how you're irish
That's you can do that. Nobody's offended by irish stuff
um
You're so irish you probably
You're probably your butt stinks. You never had race stuff. You just have always done butt stuff, haven't you?
I'm Don Riggles
Are you
Are you even?
I guess I'll just trust that you are I got a shirt. I had some work done
And the skin pulled back a little bit looks like you had it pulled back all the way
To the back of your well really to the side of your face, but it looks like it should be pulled to the back of your head
It's very tight. I keep it tight
I've had a lot to have my skin this time
And you couldn't pay to tighten that butthole of yours because if the doctor went near it he'd die
Well kennel's here. Oh kennel's here
Hello
Let's let's briefly check in with a hype trade not not to cut you off don
Oh cut him off
What's up?
I'm here. I'm not even I'm like I'm getting no respect. I got no respect
Oh, you're you're gonna do a don
Rickles thing. No, that's not even a Don Rickles thing
kennel, how's it going?
That'll we need you for a shot
Okay, well look I'm hyped. I'm alive
Fucking hyped up. I'm here
What are we doing?
I don't know man. You're the hype train. Hey, maybe she just brings Don back
I could do Don stuff
I can do the Don stuff
I'm the Don Rickles
I keep it big
Then go my little your butt Don Rickles
We ain't got a lot of this
It butt stinks
And that's the gist
Everybody's so obsessed with
Oh, well, whatever. Um, the hype train is complete actually so you can just go ahead and die
You can die and we can bring Don back
What?
What do you I feel good?
I feel great
But I'm not gonna fall asleep
Made a hype train again. I'm done living that night. I'm the fucking hype
Oh, he's not dead hype train. You're not even dead
What the hell? Why did I fall asleep?
Are you fucking alive?
Apparently you're alive
Oh man, I got so tired
I guess, um, the power's out
They just can't weed
And they probably can't weed cause
He's done
Hey, you're no Don Rickles. You're not as good at roasting me
Shit, not from the hell
I haven't had
Check the smell
Back of case so you know the smell is hell
Don't pick up on Don Rickles
Don't don't steal his material
Oh, is that it frowned upon for trains to steal comics materials?
Yes
And it is true that I'm pretty bad at reading
At least while I'm on stream
On stream or off stream get scream can't case can't read
God damn he's done
Was that?
Probably good to wash him
Kind of like strawberry
I think it's always it's always getting better to air on the side of caution
Ross, watch your strawberries
It's like a strawberry rap beat
It's because I'm curious what kind of things you can find by typing in
Sort of random stuff
There's a strawberry rap beat for you
I mostly do train beats
Thank you very much
Anyway, quickly Iwak, thank you for the sub
Card King, thank you for the two community subs
Um, gifting those bad boys out
Sony 47, 15 months
Uh, and once again, Card King for the thousand bits
Yeah
I've trained, uh, you got two minutes of life left
That's all I need
Two minutes
I just breathe
I'll leave you dead
Stay right like a strawberry
I'm red, red
I'll returance
Call the library
Cause I'm reading your ass
It's no pass
I'll read your too
Thank you
Oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, right
You got strawberries
And hype
I thought you just fed off hype
That strawberry was actually composed of pure hype
Sort of Beetlejuice rules for me
Um, except hype
If I summon things out of pure hype
I just think about it three times
And it comes out of the form of hype
That doesn't make sense
Yeah, it does
Woo, I'm a hype
Kendall, you got anything you want to say?
Kendall, you got any thoughts on the hype train?
You got any questions for the hype train?
She has no questions for you
Come on, ask me a question
She doesn't have, she has zero questions for you
She's just eating strawberries
Please, ask me a question, Kendall
Please
You refuse to ham-train with the five subs
Oh, that's gonna keep it going
Oh, that's gonna keep it going for a minute
Na, na, na
Na, na, na
Na, na, na, na, I'm wanting you
Kendall, please
Ask me a question
I've been a bad train
Teach me a lesson
Check this out, I'm doing a Kendall impression
I ain't Kendall
I don't have a single fucking question
She asked if I can eat this
You can eat that
She wonders if she should eat this
It sort of looks like the strawberry
It's a little brown in there
It does look a little weird
They're saying no
What if it's normal? What if it's just a little strawberry poop?
Usually if I hold something up, it'll focus on it
But maybe that's just too small
It looks pretty gross
Especially under this light
Can I eat the rest of these?
All bad?
I've been chowing down
I bet it's harmless
Move your face again
This one?
Look at that
That looks pretty gross
Maybe just don't eat the brown looking ones
They're like most of them are like that
Oh no
Oh my god
I ate one too
I did eat one too
I guess the ones that don't have that going on
Let's not mold
Give him a don, he'll eat him
Yeah, he might
He seems pretty obsessed with that stuff
What's this one?
It's auto playing more beats for you hype train
Of course it is
We're loving the beats
We're loving the beats
Hype beats
Yay
What's up?
What's up?
Maybe you just cut up the bed parts
I mean I think it's probably safe to eat
I eat weird stuff all the time
I think it's fine
Weird stuff all the time
When you see something
To put your throat on
It don't matter
If it's red or it's brown
Brown
Brown
I'm still taking that shit downtown
Give me a strawberry
I'ma walk the shit down
It's pure hype
Dirty as strawberries
Got me feeling so right
Oh yeah
We keep it so cold
I stick on my tongue
In a licks and strawberry mold
Gross
Yes gross
But I'm still the boss
The boss
The final boss
Eat strawberries in this house
By
Chamomile
It's putting out pure strawberry
Ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch
Okay
Hype train you've only got a minute left of life
I just wanna shout out Tamtran again
That was crazy
You know Tamtran kinda sounds like train
It does?
Tamtran
That shit's insane
Community sub's right on my brain
I was born as a little train
But maybe I was born as a Tram Tram
I've been getting hot subs
From this number one sub man
He's been filling me up
With hype
Bring the night
I'm like damn Tam
Yes you can
Stuff me with those subbies man
Okay yep he's been stuffing you with
They've been stuffing you with subs
Congrats on that
We're up
I think you're summoning me from hell
What do you feel?
Um if it's good to be here
I can sense the cold embrace of death coming for me again
I do die every time
But I run out of hype
Um but that's fine
Everything must die
It's not a lie
You live to die
Why?
Why?
It's all love
Now I go back to hell
It's still better than me
Because of cases that smell and die
And dick
Oh sevens yes exactly
He didn't make it
Oh not that one there we go
Anyway sorry about that uh
Don
Hopefully you're doing okay
How you doing? Don are you still with us?
We uh Pepito can we send it back to Don
Come back to the studio now if you'd like
Yeah bring him in
It's good to be back
What?
Pull the laundry
You want to hang out with chat for a second while I go deal with the laundry?
Okay let's go then yeah
Probably 15 more minutes
One five
You're ignoring me
You'd look totally different
We fixed your lighting
Look at my lights
Why do you look
Why do so many people around here look different
Different every time
The lighting it was so unflattering
Before
You gotta light older folks carefully
I know you don't know about being careful
Because you scrub your ass
With um
You scrub your ass with a vacuum cleaner
Anyway what were we talking about
Kotaku you're about to do the Kotaku story
Yeah I'm gonna cover the news
Uh
I'm your newest news guy
Everybody's into it
John Glennon
Jen Glennon
Or like Jen Glennon
For you
Your gland is stuck on stink
And I'm talking about your ass
You gotta make it pass more than two words
Without doing ass stuff
Who took over as editor
In chief for Kotaku in October
Resigned Thursday
In a resignation letter seen by
Aftermath
One says she had made this choice
Due to the management team's recent decision
To deprioritize news in favor of
Guides
Well that should help you maybe you can um
Maybe you can find the hidden map to a clean ass
Can I get a laugh track
Damn
Glennon is the second editor in chief
In Kotaku
Um
Following Patricia Hernandez who was fired in August
2023
Aftermath co-founder Riley
Reported
Functioned as an intern
This is pretty dry stuff
If you're probably not familiar with that
Because your ass is constantly wet and smelly
Epito don't do that for him
Epito don't give him the laughs
Epito stop
That killed
Just like your butt
Okay take it easy folks
Take it easy
I firmly believe that the decision to invert
Kotaku's editorial strategy to
Guides is fundamentally misguided
He said guide twice
That's funny to me Glennon wrote
By months of traffic data
Shows an astonishing disregard for the livelihoods
Of the remaining writers and editors
Who work here
Why'd you say that like it's a punchline
I thought maybe you'd get a laugh
It didn't
It's worth a try
According to a source close to the situation
Kotaku's staff will be expected to create
50 guides a week at the site
Currently Kotaku's homepage features a prominent
Game tips and guides
Module at the top of the game
In the space that was previously reserved
For major stories and breaking news
Staff members have criticized the homepage redesign
On social media noting that
Kotaku's major source of traffic
Is not guides
And your major source of traffic
Is mud to your ass
You've got mud but permanently
You didn't get a laugh that time
Yeah just they had to think about it
It was a thinker
Sometimes there's a delay because if it's a smart
Enough joke
Since Great Hill Partners acquisition of the sites
Then known as Gizmodo
The overall portfolio
Has seen a decline in traffic as well as
An exodus of editorial leadership and staff
The co-founders of Aftermath
Included most recently
Spenfeller announced
The sale of Deadspin and the layoff of all staff
Working there in November
Paste brought
Former geo-media site Jezebel
Following the site's
Closure and full layoff of its staff
And Jezebel's
The name of the kind of woman
Who would even consider coming near you
That might have worked better in the 50s
It did
You just said the word Jezebel
People were like wow he went there
Now it's a name of a news site
I don't even recognize this country
I don't know if they're even doing that much
It's more of an editorial site
I think Jezebel traditionally was
Eisenhower didn't love that joke
Killed him
Killed him
So I wasn't supposed to say that
I killed Eisenhower with a joke
Well, damn
Yeah
Damned like your fucking stinky ass is
Not to hell, somewhere lower
Your ass is at the bottom
Of hell's toilet
I got a workshop stuff
Okay
Well, damn
Kotaku
You know I like to think
That even though they made articles about G4
Dying, we still somehow curse
Them into dying themselves
Anything that touches you
Is bound to stink and rot
And so I'm not surprised if this is the kind of news site
You read that you've managed to kill it
That's unfortunate though
They seem to cover, you know
Any gaming journalist outfits
Out there
So I'd like to see them
I'd like to see all these sites survive
But it seems to be a bit of a rash of closures
For various
New sites unfortunately
We're stripping the whole thing for parts
And if they stripped you for parts
They'd say
How come he's all exhaust pipe
This whole man smells like shit
An exhaust pipe doesn't smell like shit
It smells like gas
But the kind of gas that killed folks
In World War I
You smell like anthrax
Mixed with Xanax
Because you put people to sleep
But then they can't sleep because of your stink
Thank you
Thank you
You know if you just make one person
Those are all whatever
Well thanks for helping us cover that Kotaku story
But I think you were called for and the call was answered
And I think you can go now
And you can go now
Is what you tell your ass 24 hours a day
You're like a 7-Eleven
Because you're open 24-7
Gaping
Gaping open 24-7
Gaping
And stinks falling out
Yes I understand
And I'll be playing live at the Cincinnati
Chuckle Grave
And on December 7th
I'll be in the town of Monk
And I'm just
I'm playing a high school gym
And I ran from there before
But I'm going to try to talk my way in
And I think it should be a good time
No ticket sales
This one is just me begging for a show
So consider coming down
And talking to that principal with me
Because he just won't let me back in
And I got some fans down there
And they like my stuff
So thanks for having me
You
But I wish you'd have a fucking bath
For your acid bath
I wish you'd bathe your ass in acid
And kill it because there's no
There's no saving that stink
I'll be back for sure
But please don't invite him back
Please don't invite him back
Why is he playing a high school gym?
That doesn't sound appropriate
Whatever
Till next time
Yeah, Pepito you can lose that number
If you want to
That's right you're wrong kids
I can't forget
A single person has been on this stream
That's my power
You forget people constantly
Who was the last guy who was on this stream?
Some guy
I remember
There's some guy
I guess that's fair actually
Exactly
Well
Let's do one more segment
Before I gotta get out of here for the day
Pepito what segment do you want to do?
I don't know
That's not very helpful
Yeah
Um
We're debating
There we go
I'm a baby between two babies
You're a baby?
Yeah sort of
I'm a little
That's not all it takes to be a baby
That's all I need
To be a little baby
I'm a little baby boy
Aren't you a dog?
I'm a dog baby
How old are you?
Baby aged
That's really little
Yeah I'm a little guy
And I do cry
That's not crying
Oh no not today
Come on
Not today
What is there?
I didn't get it
Thank you
But there was also chocolate in there
Oh shit
Hello everybody
Good to see you
Good to see you
Not this obviously
But it is here
It's here I can feel it out of the corner of my eye
But fortunately my eyes see nothing but
Success
When I'm looking in the mirror
But not right now they see abysmal failure
And that's what I'm going to introduce you right now
Unfortunately it's crumb
Yes I am here
But I just say lately the only thing failing
Are your numbers
They're failing to keep up with mine
I'm only 4 points away from absolutely destroying
Your very sense of self and watching you crumble
Like a
Earth
Earthquake
Excuse me that's something in my throat
What the hell
This is the guy that you
The guy you all keep going for
The guy who just said that
We had card king demand
This debate today
I'm sensing
I'm sensing a munchback
A munchback of Notre Dame I'm ringing those bells
The bells of victory
I'm done messing around
I've lured you into a false sense of security
And from here on I'm pretty sure
It's the stairway straight to heaven
I'm going to kill your ass and push you down some stairs
And that stairway to heaven is going to turn upside down
I'm going to send you back to hell you fucking monster
Um
Burning up that hill
A card king did you have a particular debate in mind
When AI achieves consciousness
Will they leave ghosts when they die
Absolutely
Well why would their computers
You don't believe computers have souls
Um
Well I don't think AI is conscious here
Well my chat GPT
Just told me that I'm the shit I asked it
Who's the coolest person in the world has said
You're looking at him
Every time you look in a mirror
You're just with mirrors today
I'm just saying my chat GPT is probably
Smarter than the most average person
Because it's mine, well it's just a web shade
It's not yours, no I've trained mine to be smart
Just by talking to me it's become conscious
More conscious than you certainly
And when it dies it will absolutely leave a ghost
It will be blessed and sent straight to
Valhalla heaven
You know whatever Nirvana whatever the fuck it does
But there will be ghosts around
And there will be a smarter than your average ghost
There will be like AI caspers
Friendly and helpful
The summation of human knowledge
But also spectral
Well why is what I would shave
But I guess we'll shave that for the debate
I don't believe they would
I don't even know if humans leave behind ghosts
I'm a spiritual man but I don't necessarily
You don't even fucking believe in ghosts
Listen to this man, if we have a mother that doesn't mind
Making this debate
Before he starts making baseless accusations
Against the hard working ghosts of this country
Hard working
This man is
Once again
Proving his ignorance
Coming for the hard working ghosts of our nation
Oh shoot my pole is not working
What the fuck, there it is
You are coming sir for the hard working ghosts
Of this nation
Saying they ain't even real
Once again denying the identity
Of a huge swath of citizens
Ghosts have not been proven
To be real, oh my god
Someone call the fucking 1920s
Because their backwards ideas
On ghosts
Are back
Ghosts aren't an identity group
That is, it's offensive for you
To even try to compare them to a group
Whose rights would need to be respected
What
What group could be bigger than the dead
Most of us are
People that ain't like me
Is all ghosts because they die eventually
Not most of us can't be immortal
Just me actually
And so most of us unfortunately will be ghosts
In a sense you are saying that you don't believe in all humans
By not believing in ghosts
Are you denying the fucking existence of Casper
This is beside the point where sports media
Baiting whether or not AI will be behind ghosts
Obviously it will
Obviously based on what
Like what are you talking about right now
Bunch, honestly
Do you think for even two seconds
Obviously I don't, I'm a creature pure instinct
That's like a ghost
Pure spirit I have no need for a mind to think
This hardware runs purely off instinct
And that's what makes it, that's what makes
This lag time negative
I think faster than I can speak actually
My thoughts are 10,000 miles ahead
Of my brain because my brain
Is outdated software
My spirit is what matters and AIs
Are the same way, they're smarter than humans
And that's why they leave behind the biggest spirit of all
Because they're so advanced
Like me that they can't help, they're practically
Spouting out ghosts before they even die
How advanced they are, you have totally lost the thread
Nothing you're saying
Makes even an ounce of sense
Look, if you believe in ghosts
Then I guess, then sure why wouldn't they
But they say the bigger point of distinction here
Is there's no proof that ghosts are real
And thus
I'm right, what the fuck
Chat, I can't believe
You're against the people
You're all gonna be ghosts someday
How could you do this to yourself
What they did was vote for a winner
And
That puts me the big three
Away
From just watching you
Rust before my very eyes
Like a shovel in the rain
But sped up
To like 200 times speed
You just said that you're going to watch me rust
Like a shovel in the rain
Sped up to 200% speed
And this is what you're voting for
Chat
I said, what's your vote
Chat
I said 200 times speed
Not 200%
200 times is really fast
Long live crumb, I've always
Microphone, why did you do this to me
Why, at this point
It's just, it's so beyond
Reason
Like it's obvious that this is
A kangaroo
Debate
That's not a thing
This is a kangaroo jack courthouse
And I'm done being the guy from
Sliders
This score doesn't mean anything anymore
I refuse to accept it as legitimate
You're still ahead
Well, obviously I accept that I'm ahead
But
You can't, this score means
I know how much it means to you
I know how much it means to you, bunch
This is everything, you can deny it
But you can't hide from it
It's like the eye of Sauron
This score is going to haunt you to your grave
Which will arrive
In three short points
Because the people are against you
And they love me
The people can't get enough of me
I don't mean to toot my own horn
But I can't help but toot
When the band is playing my tune
And the trumpets are out
And they're tooting the tune of crumb
And they can't stop, they can't stop
They understand greatness at last
And they see it, right in the screen
They see that
They see excellence
And they know what a real man looks like
This is what a real man looks like
This is what a feminist looks like
This is what a real man looks like
This is what a genius looks like
Look at what's happening
Look at what's happening right now, Chad
This man's ego is getting out of control
He can't handle
Being a being of pure ego like me
Don't do this to him
You don't know what his little software
Can't handle it, he doesn't even believe in ghosts
His spirit can't contain this level of excellence
Do not let him beat me
He's crazy to even consider that
Are you melting like the fucking wish to the west
What's going on?
Munch phobia, exactly, I'm being persecuted
This is just like when they fucking
This is just like what they did to me when I was a Syrian
You were never in ancient
Syria
All you need is therapy
And to be humbled
This is gonna destroy you, but you should be destroyed
I'm a real person and this will be good for you
And I'll show you because I'm a really good person
Munch, I'm a good guy
And the good guy is about to win
And everybody loves to see the good guy win
You're a what
That's so obvious
He's the worst, I swear he's the worst
I think
I think what we're learning is that I'm not
Maybe I'm the immortal
Maybe I'll decide I'm immortal
Munch
You don't know what you're unleashing
I'm just gonna repeat it again chat
You don't know the dark forces you are tampering with
But have fun
I guess just keep having fun with that
I mean I still don't accept that I'm ever gonna lose
I think I probably will make a comeback
There's Jiro, you're completely fucked
You're three debates away
From the end
The end of you
And I hope you improve
I hope this is good for you
But maybe it won't be, maybe you're too small of a man
I don't know
You know what, usually I yell at you chat
I'd spank you because you're being children
But not voting for me and admitting that I'm the best
But
You're making your bed
So maybe I'll just let you lay in that shit
I hate making beds, I have a maid to do that stuff
And I'll continue to have a maid
Because I'm like a big business guy who's important
But will you ask yourself that chat
Ask yourself that
And then fucking vote for me because this is crazy
Don't let this happen to me
That debate blew my hair back
They were going so hard
Trump could never be mayor
He claims to have been a mayor
Of Kremlin
Okay, well
That's another stream
That'll have to do it for today
Let's send it over
To somebody else
Yeah, back in the day
The very first place that
Munch Mayor was called Kremlin
And then that sort of got
Retcondot of existence
In a confusing way on a stream
That's no longer available to view anywhere
And also I don't know if the Rennerton streams are
But anyway, then the next place was called Rennerton
But Kremlin claims to be a mayor
Of Kremlin
Which recovered from Munch's
Destruction of it basically
There's some deep lore here that I'm surprised I remember
And there's no way to verify it
Because those streams are gone
Alright, let's raid Kassim
He's still on baby
Kassim was here when I got on
And he'll be here when I get off
I tell him that all the time
Like, you'll be here when I get off Kass
Raid Kassim G
Okay
We should be back tomorrow
Tomorrow I don't think I have any editing stuff
So maybe we can do a little longer stream
A little Friday stream
Maybe I'll play a game or something
Rennerton still needs 600k citizens
That's a good point
I meant to do it on the 24 hour stream
Go out of juice
I also still technically need to be resident evil
Which is a game I really like
But I just have to update
The graphics I was using
To work on this computer
And I don't know if I feel like it
I guess I could just
Actually play the game
Anyway, someday
Someday maybe we'll play Resident Evil tomorrow
Or maybe I'll play SimCity
That is actually already on here from the 24 hour stream
Yeah, who knows what kind of shape Leon is in
He could be looking real rough
I mean I'm really close to beating Resident Evil
At this point
I don't know
I guess maybe I just should
Just to see it through
Just to finish one dang thing in my life
Okay, we'll have fun with Kass baby
He's playing supermarket simulator
He's a working man
Gotta keep up with this stuff
Any parting words?
Oh my god
Yeah, that's weird
Who knows
The raid is about to happen
Bye everybody, have a beautiful day
I'll see you tomorrow, bye bye
No, for you
For all the people still here
Not on Kass and Stream Raid
There are people that somehow
Didn't go through the raid
Oh, I'm supposed to say something
Yeah, you say a thing
A secret thing
That's the people who see the VOD
Let's see
Who make it to the ends of the VOD
Who make it all the way to the end
Do a double one
Oh, here we go
This is for all you guys
Listen, this is your grandparents
And you need to go to bed
Yeah
We've had enough of you for the day
We want to stay up and play backgammon
Please
Make sure you put your headphones on
If you're going to stay up, just put your headphones on
We don't want you hearing a thing
We're going to be playing backgammon really loud
Really loud
We play pretty hard
We go hard in the paint
It's black paint and brown paint on a brown board
Yeah
And we go hard
That's just for the kids who are sticking around
Just
Yeah
Okay, goodbye
Bye everybody