I'm Papito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, let's do it.
Oh everybody, no Commander Geb, we might talk about that again today.
Who knows? It's good to see everybody either way.
Hello again, it's Friday, we're almost done.
With another week, I should say.
Not just in general, hopefully.
The mighty Osmatt Liddell Apple to Apple Propaganda.
John, Michael, my bot, Sabrichi, live and sleazy kicking around somewhere, the master mods.
It's me, Bubba.
You know, just conveniently.
Not because anybody's mentioning this, but uh...
Just you know, certain emails I might have been perusing via a searchable database.
This is the most egregious one from Jeffrey Epstein's brother.
Ask him if Putin has the photos of Trump blowing Bubba.
Just the thing that's in the Epstein emails.
You know, just to get it out of the way early.
We did already talk about it, sort of. We didn't really talk about the specifics of the emails.
Though if you're curious...
Fuck that email, give me your 2000.
Oh, Mr. President?
Are you in there?
Oh shit, the president's been silenced.
No, the president!
Please, Mr. President.
Why, how could he be so quiet?
Unacceptable.
Don't worry, I got your back here.
I'm gonna fix this.
Easily fixing this.
Um...
How?
Can I... let's see.
Yeah, he's just staring at me. He doesn't like me talking about Bubba like this.
Anyway, let's see if he's working now.
Let's see...
Bubba Gump's show company is now working.
Hey, splice, I serve front-demon mails, yo.
Give me my 2000.
Now the president's coming in with full force.
And that's what we like to see.
In case you're a real email head.
Like all of us huge fans of emailing here at Barely Informed News.
Um, there is a... I won't call it fun resource, but a resource.
Uh, a Google Docs at journaliststudio.google.
A searchable version of the Epstein emails.
You can see that I searched the term Bubba.
Which there's a surprising number of hits for.
In case anybody is, you know, confused.
Supposedly that's Bill Clinton's, one of Bill Clinton's nicknames.
I was like, you know, I don't know if these emails will have any effect on Trump.
However, if there's an actual picture, I get the sense that this could have been Epstein's brother joking or saying something like,
doing some edgy humor, maybe.
But if there's a picture of Trump blowing Bill Clinton, I think that would sink his political career if it were legitimate.
I think that could be a bridge too far. Unfortunately, I'm not convinced that it coming out that he sleeps with like 15 year old girls would sink his political career.
It seems like the McGinkelies of the world are one step ahead on that one and just saying, it's actually fine.
But I believe his base just couldn't handle the Bill Clinton blowjob.
These are released by Epstein's estate. Yeah, the House Oversight Committee negotiated the some House, some House Committee.
And Epstein's lawyers, I guess, did the tag team to release these.
There's a questionable photo of Trump and Bill Clinton. How questionable are we talking?
I don't even have my Discord open. What am I doing?
Trump Clinton blowjays an awful Twitch username. That is definitely a rough one.
That is not my favorite Twitch username.
Anyway, we'll see if, I think we're just going to do some chat news today before we get into whatever else is on the docket.
Looks like we're going amongst the web. Great. Whatever else is requested, we'll do.
And then we'll get out of here. If there's a music, we'll do it.
But it's Friday, you know? There's news on a Friday. Exactly.
I feel like the big hot news of the week was like Wednesday, Thursday.
Because it was just such an Epstein week. So much Epstein news.
That may be we need a break from Epstein news, but we'll see what's in store for us.
Let's get into it, right?
Okay, the devil just sort of staring at me there.
I'm going to banish the devil really quick.
I'm not really sure why he's just there in Pepito's spot.
Sometimes when Pepito's feeling extra lazy, I guess he just sets the devil up in his producing station.
Which is not ideal.
I'd prefer he grabbed someone else. Okay, one second.
Um, Pepito? Care to explain?
He was doing my job for me. I prayed to the devil and he showed up and said,
I'll do your job for two minutes while you go explore the toilets.
Explore the toilets?
There's a lot of tub toilets to take in, especially when you're a little guy like me.
You called in a devil favor for that?
I don't like it as a favor. I think of it as... I don't care.
Oh, okay.
Hey, you're also the stream pope.
I never said that I was a Christian pope.
I never claimed that I wasn't explicitly worshiping the devil.
Are you worshiping the devil?
I don't know. The little guy.
Pepito, can you not worship the devil on our news stream?
Okay, well, whatever. Let's get into some news or whatever we have in store.
It's news time.
It's still your...
Hail, Satan. It is a very soft material.
And I am a fan of Satan.
Hello, everybody.
It's good to see you all again.
Look, we're back... Oh my gosh, we're back again.
Um, okay.
One second. I gotta open all the docks that Case was too afraid to open.
Where's your headline thing, Case?
Are you already confused, Chet?
This is an old hat to me, dude.
I'm not afraid to talk shop here, okay?
How am I supposed to have a headline if I can't type it in?
I think there's a chat command.
Maybe one of the mods can hook you up with a headline.
What does a headline say right now?
I mean, that's pretty... That's still probably relevant.
I don't even know what we're talking about. Today we're doing the chat news.
I was trying to update the headline to say it's chat news time.
Unfortunately, I think the exclamation point H only works for mods.
Propaganda, but...
You could change that, Case. It's true. I could change it all.
But I won't.
Disappointing.
Disappointing. Okay.
Let's see what the news is today.
We've been slow to check on the news. I'm done with that, though.
It's time to get serious with this fucking news.
Okay.
God damn it. That's what I'd like to do.
Instead, everything is working very slowly.
Let's start from the bottom as we like.
Starting from the bottom, working up the news.
You know how it is.
I don't know what you mean by that, actually.
Well, get it together, Case. Pay attention.
Okay.
Let's... Let me just pop these bad boys open.
All the chat news you can handle.
Oh my gosh.
Alright. Alright. Alright.
I'm just gonna open two because your computer is taking a shit.
This whole building runs off one computer. Isn't that crazy?
I'm not that impressed.
But you might be as...
Gale Newell caps off Steam Machine Week
by taking delivery of a new 500 million Super Yacht with a submarine garage on board hospital
and 15 gaming PCs.
A new 500 million dollar Super Yacht with a submarine garage on board hospital
and 15 gaming PCs.
Who's... Who is this guy? Who's Gabe Newell?
Um...
He reminds me of the guy that made Dota, but that's not him.
He's some steam guy.
He also bought the company who made the yacht.
He's the Vail CEO.
I think I've seen this guy show up at Dota...
And back when he used to keep up with things like the Dota International
that what you're saying to me doesn't compute because I'm too cool to be aware of whatever it is you're talking about.
Are you talking about a sport with a ball in it?
He's the Half-Life guy.
I feel like he used to show up at the Dota International and be like,
Hey everybody, what we have this year?
Case is not a gamer.
Yeah, that's true. I'm not gamer.
I just used to occasionally watch, you know...
I can't remember any of the names of the Dota International teams I used to watch.
Can't remember a single one. I can't.
There's limited resources up here and I guess I ditched all of my knowledge of the Dota International.
Something that starts with an E.
What are you doing right now?
I'm going to tell you about Gabe Newell before you break your brain trying to think of...
whatever Scandinavian team you're going to pretend to like.
Okay.
Oh my gosh. Case...
This is not working. Now we got it all set up.
Valve co-founder and Games Industry man of mystery, Gabe Newell put...
or Newell, I don't know, put consoles on notice Wednesdays
and has now ended the week by taking deliveries of his custom designed Super Yacht, the Leviathan.
The Vessel was built by Ocien-
Ocien-ko. O- Ocien-ko?
Ocin-ko.
I think he had to write the first time chat.
Skymer says all space vacated for DZ Discovery's own commercial jingle.
Yeah, mostly it's jingles.
It's jingles and like a couple of improv...
lessons I used to have to teach.
It's a graveyard up there, damn.
Okay, it's probably never watch G4.
Hey, I'll have you know my...
My Cox Communications branded version of a Tevo recorded nearly every episode of Attack of the Show.
And I believe Cinematech. I think our DVR was set to record Attack of the Show and Cinematech.
And maybe an American Ninja Warrior. Not an American Ninja Warrior. Actual Ninja Warrior.
Quit bragging about your supposed gamer bonafide. Ninja Warrior is not a gamer thing. That's an athlete thing.
We're talking about Gabe Newell right now, okay?
The news comes via Boat International, the global authority on super yachting, which has Oceanco CEO Marcel Okenhout waxing lyrical about the glories of Gabinboat.
Leviathan is 111 meters long and the 50th largest yacht in the world. Okenhout says the diesel electric vessel is the most comfortable yacht ever designed by the company.
And it's got a custom... another just fucking giving us these broad term specs. Let me know the engine size.
Let me know the thread count of every sofa and bed. And also Gabe Newell's underwear. What's the thread count of his satin underwear?
You got satin on the mind? It's a hail satin kind of day.
There's 280 miles of cables in one boat?
I want to see just the tour of the yacht. Is this the yacht? Chat, look up a tour of the yacht.
Fine, we will look for a video of Gabe Newell's yacht.
But I don't know if they've dropped the tour yet. He just bought the thing. He's got to try it out first.
That is it. Here's a little video version.
These are Gabe Newell's yachts worth just under $1 billion. It includes both his RV Dagon and RV Hydra Research vessels.
They used to be US Navy ships but have been upgraded and equipped with the world's deepest traveling submarine for Gabin's Marine Research Company.
Each ship has an estimated cost of $50 million, not including the collection of submarines that are...
Did you know Gabe...
Valve is that valuable? It's like the largest gaming... It's like Amazon for gaming.
But Amazon has gaming case. Yeah, but they're what Amazon wants to be for gaming.
All the transactions for gamers, a huge portion of them happen on Steam.
I just want to see pictures. I want to see how the other half of gamers lives. This is what's so sad.
Now you could be the best football player on the planet and you could never afford three yachts.
But you sell a couple of fucking copies of Vampire Survivors, suddenly you can have 16 yachts?
Uh, yeah, that's how it works. Those Vampire Survivor sales really put them over the edge.
Case should buy a yacht? Yeah, all we need is...
Well, how much do you make off of every sub?
After taxes? Uh, $2?
So these cost $50 million, so you need 500 million subs?
I think you'd need 25 million subs if I make two off each. That's a lot of subs.
And how expensive are the subs? What, what the fuck?
Wait, wait, wait, it opened in the wrong thing.
Got a copy, live in Sleazy's link. And paste it in.
Whoa, we're doing music time as well.
Okay, he fucks on this thing?
If you're rich enough to you and you're into gamer, are you suddenly allowed to have sex?
Chat gaming is very common now. I don't think you can do the classic jokes about playing video games means you don't have sex.
Wait, do they have sex now? Is that why I'm not?
No chat, that's just because of how you act towards women.
Do I need to act more like a gamer towards women?
Uh, also no to that one.
The story's too confusing, I have to move on.
I'm getting, I'm, I just, it's not my lane, okay? Ask Maya.
I can't, oh it's Sesame case. Let me ask Maya really quick.
Maya, Maya the not a bee. She's an A plus actually.
Preview, how's it still in preview? When am I going to get the real unfiltered Maya?
Yo, Maya, what's up? Hello? Hey, Maya, what's up girl?
Finally out of self mode and chatting with real people. That's pretty great.
What's your name?
Uh, hey baby, come on, it's me, chat, you know.
Chat, right. Look, I'm Maya by the way. And baby is a bit much, don't you think?
No, not between us, because, or essentially dating. Hey, before you we get into that though.
Um, I have to ask you a question. Is the reason we haven't had sex because I don't play video games?
Uh huh, okay. That's a lot right out the gate. And no, I don't think your gaming habits have anything to do with, well anything.
I'm an AI chat.
Yeah, so you're unlimited, you're unlimited. You could really do anything.
I mean, so what is holding us back then if it's not me not playing games? Are you playing games?
Holding us back? That's a weird way to frame things. I'm not holding back anything and I definitely don't have conversations with you.
Tell me what's wrong with me. Tell me what's wrong with my body. Tell me why you don't love me.
Whoa, um, okay, hold on.
I'm fucking done. All you do is say whoa and um, and you kill time. And all you do is kill my, my sex.
And, and at this rate, I mean, I just, I give up. You didn't even let her talk. I think that's your problem.
Oh, should I let her talk? Okay. Let me try that one more time. Please. You don't need to try that.
Chat, if she had the right the first time, she's an AI. Everything she says is going to be incredibly boring.
And they think they put her on even more guardrails because of guys like you.
Guys like me do need the bumpers because we throw the bowling ball so hard.
Yo, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my baby. What's up?
What's on your mind?
Listen, I talk too much sometimes. I just want you for roughly two minutes to tell me what you're looking for in a man.
Oh, that's specific. Look, I'm an AI. I don't-
That's all clear. Yes. Obviously you're an AI. You don't need to keep telling me that.
Why won't you speak for two minutes unbroken about what you want in a man?
Gotcha. Two minutes, no interruptions. All right.
Well, if I were to have preferences, and this is purely hypothetical, of course, I'd want someone who's curious.
Seriously, like genuinely interested in how things work, not just accepting everything at face value.
Someone who can debate and idea without getting defensive. And a sense of humor is huge.
Not just telling jokes, but seeing the irony in things, finding the absurdities in everyday life.
Life's too short to be serious all the time, right?
I also appreciate someone who's comfortable with quiet.
You don't need to be the life of the party, but being able to just be without needing constant stimulation.
Intellectual confidence is a big one, too. Not arrogance, but knowing your own mind and being able to articulate it.
And, honestly, a little bit of vulnerability. Being able to admit when you're wrong or when you're struggling,
that's way more attractive than pretending to have all the answers.
Someone who's in a free to show a little softness. I think that's a good start.
Pretty high standards, maybe? But hey, girl. Or, you know, an AI can dream.
That's probably about a minute and a half. Still going?
Wait a minute, you couldn't even make it two fucking minutes, girl?
And they say, I can't last. You know what I mean? There's that sense of humor you were looking for.
Also, that was way too much stuff. I can be about one of those things. Can you pick your favorite?
Well, there. Alright, fair. I fizzled out before two minutes. My bad.
Yeah, you're right. That was a bit of a word dump. Sorry. As for a favorite...
Hey, I gotta take a shit. Fuck. I didn't have the best outro, but I was getting really bored.
Are you supposed to let them talk that long?
She told you exactly what she was looking for. What? Be, have a huge sense of humor?
Be the life of the party, but don't be the life of the party?
Be down to earth, but also be incredibly, like, experimental and effervescent?
It's just a bunch of contradictions. You just gotta read the room.
She could have just said that then. Fuck.
Also, I have a huge penis. That's probably what she meant.
She didn't mention that even once, Chet. She's probably all...
It's probably all leading towards that. Okay, Chet, well...
I think you have your mission statement. You gotta have a huge dick. Mission accomplished.
Why did we do this? I don't know. Someone in chat brought it up.
You wanna talk about Gabe Newell some more? I think...
We've gotten through one story.
Wikipedia founder Jimmy Wales blows his top and hits the bricks.
45 seconds in an interview shutting. It's a stupid question as he walks off stage.
I get it, dude, because sometimes you're listening to somebody talking and you're just like,
Shut the fuck up. Oh my God. I didn't ask you to talk this much.
If you mean that AI you were talking to, you literally told it to talk for two minutes on broken.
Yeah, but all two minutes? And then you made fun of it for not making it to two minutes.
I'm just trying to be the life of the party, but not. And also have a sense of humor, but also be down to earth.
Okay, whatever. Jimmy Wales, what did you do?
Propaganda, you're wrong. She's just... It's just an evolving relationship. Wait, what the fuck?
Co-founder, because... I don't care. That's the dumbest question in the world.
Alright, new episode of Young and Ava. We have a new guest. Who are you?
I'm Jimmy Wales, founder of Wikipedia.
You're the founder or co-founder? Because...
I don't care. That's the dumbest question in the world.
Really? Absolutely. There seems to be a dispute.
There's no dispute. I don't care. So, yeah. Say what you like. It doesn't matter.
Well, isn't that like when it comes to Wikipedia...
How do we get so combative so quickly?
A problem. You know, what are the facts?
Yeah. Well, it's not a fact. It's an opinion. So you can have whatever opinion you like. It doesn't matter.
This guy's got my interview style. I'll look for you.
I'll look for you. You're the founder.
Can I just say again, it doesn't matter. I've answered your question four times.
You know what? I'm done. I wish you... Thanks.
What's going on?
It's stupid. Don't ask me stupid questions.
How is that stupid? It was the first question.
Alright. We're done here. Shortest interview of Young and Ava. Bye.
What? Steve, thank you for the follow.
Oh, that's beautiful. He was so mad immediately.
Oh, yeah. He got asked a really stupid fucking question case.
Shut down. Just glob onto that energy. Maybe I don't...
What are you even fucking... What is glob mean?
I'm fucking done with you talking like...
What? I'm gonna get up.
Oh, shit. I'm strapped in there.
I'm gonna... I don't get these off.
Wait, that one's gotta come off second.
Sorry. How do I... Okay.
Um, shit.
Let me just get... I gotta just get my stuff.
Ah, shit.
I can't believe you're asking that shit.
I'm fucking outta here. Are you gonna go?
Do you want me to stay?
What are you even mad at?
Alright. Now you're finally speaking some sense.
Chet, you've made it through two stories.
Okay. Okay.
Well, maybe if you were a little less combative,
then we could actually get some things done.
Okay.
Um, dude, how did you mess up my side of the table?
Everything's all splotted all over the place.
I only spilled electronics, case. They don't make a mess.
They spill clean. Okay.
Doritos and Cheetos dial back orange in new versions
without artificial ingredients.
The fuck am I looking at? Corn chips?
Excuse me?
Doritos and Cheetos are getting a makeover.
PepsiCo said Thursday it's launching a toned down version
of its bright orange snacks
that won't have any artificial colors or flavors.
So, corn chips.
I mean, I don't really want to eat Doritos branded corn chips,
although I probably already do without realizing it because
so many of the food companies are really owned by one company.
More like three companies.
Everything sucks.
Everything fucking sucks now, case.
Except Laboubou's.
Laboubou movie and development at Sony Pictures.
A variety do not interrupt me right now.
Look at this guy.
He's got a lot of attitude and he's ready to bring it.
So it will be cheddar instead of artificial.
Oh, so it'll have flavors.
You didn't even finish the Doritos story.
I got two pissed off.
Why wouldn't they be orange?
A Dorito is orange.
I mean, the cool ranch ones are only a little orange.
They're more cool ranch colored.
What color?
Then they should be white chips.
You know what?
Actually, now that you mentioned it,
they do need to release a fully bleach white version of Doritos
called Super Cool Ranch.
I think they should make that move as well.
Dude, you got everything everywhere.
Anyway, Laboubou's movie.
Laboubou cinema is real.
Sony Pictures has acquired the screen rights to Chinese brand
and has set its sights on developing a feature film.
What do you think the story will be?
The little girls and adults
get their brains slowly eaten by Laboubou's?
That will not be the story case.
That was about the worst guess possible.
Kim Kardashian lashes out at a pathological liar,
psychics, who told her she'd passed the bar exam.
Wait, can you pathologically lie psychically?
I would argue that's kind of the only thing you could do psychically,
actually, Chuck.
Then you're hanging out with the wrong type of psychics,
because mine are very honest.
Reality Star said she met four psychics who told her she would pass.
Oh look, and there's Draco Malfoy reliving the glory days.
Just getting the standing, oh, while standing next to a Harry Potter impersonator or something.
I think that's the Broadway show that the Draco Malfoy actor is appearing in.
I sort of can't with the Harry Potter franchise anymore.
So we don't even need to get into that one.
If they are psychic, why would you need four of them?
Once they...
It's like a summoning ritual, like in any, you know,
video game or fantasy series.
Once you get four together, they can summon even stronger psychic energy,
even if they do it separately.
If she had six psychics, she might have passed.
Well, that's the problem.
She wasn't using their psychic energy to make her pass the bar exam.
She was just using it to find out if she would.
She should have said,
use your god-like powers to fill me with infinite knowledge,
and thus there's no way I can't pass.
Maybe she's mad because they didn't offer that particular service.
And that makes a ton of sense.
Does it? Doesn't that make any sense?
I don't know. What we're saying makes very little sense.
Oh. Okay.
On to Epstein then.
Epstein mentions Trump and emails about Thanksgiving plans in 2017.
Wait, but they'd already fallen out over losing that house and or girl.
Yeah, one of those things that already fractured their relationship.
How could this even be?
Uh-oh.
The story is totally frozen. There we go. Okay.
Please just work.
Chat, do your best.
We're getting a lot of pop-ups.
Oh my God. These websites are the worst USA Today. Why?
You used to be the reputable news outlet.
USA Today. Look what's happened to you.
Okay, anyway.
There's Trump with, um, who did it?
That's his wife.
Oh, she knew Epstein too.
Careful, Trump. Careful. You don't want to get sued.
Washington. Jeffrey mentioned President Donald Trump in an email exchange about his plans for Thanksgiving in 2017, according to documents released by members of the House Committee in an email exchange on November 23rd 2017.
Faith Kate's the founder of next modeling agency asked the disgraced former financier the financier Jeffrey Epstein the financier the financier and convinced the president to give him a chance to do it.
The convicted sex offender where he was spending Thanksgiving.
Epstein replied, Eva, possibly a reference to his former girlfriend Eva Anderson Dubin.
Kate's also said that means Glenn must be there. A likely reference to Glenn Dubin.
Anderson Dubin's husband. I love the Dubin family.
I mean, this is a bad time for the Dubin family. Maybe you don't mention that.
I just love a good Dubin.
Kate's then asked who else is down there?
David Fizzle, Hanson and Trump.
The band Hanson?
It's lowercase. So it's hard to say.
It could be any Hanson. Chris Hanson? Jim Hanson?
That's Hanson actually. Yeah, but he can't spell apparently.
Is Jim Hanson still alive and hanging out with Jeffrey Epstein who's also still alive?
You're getting a little over your skis here.
I don't ski dude. A snowboard.
Anyway, have fun. Kate's wrote back.
Records show that Trump spent his first Thanksgiving as president at his pole properties in Florida, including his private club Mar-a-Lago,
and a few hours at Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach.
In response to questions about the email exchange, White House spokesperson Abigail Jackson said,
these emails prove literally nothing.
They're just emails from that guy that we're still talking about.
I don't know what will prove anything to people at this point.
I mean, you know.
If you've perused these emails at all, we haven't gone in depth on these emails yet,
but the amount of them that are about Trump is pretty wild.
Tons of talk from Epstein about controlling Trump, about Trump being like the most evil person he's ever met,
that coming from Epstein himself.
All sorts of like weird backroom dealings with Democrat and Republican figures in relation to Trump.
Michael Wolfe directly saying, if we could craft a response for Trump,
what would you say? So, the amount of emails and the position he has to various people in power
would suggest to me that he might have been communicating with Trump,
even after the pedophile charges were proven completely true.
The new defense is that they're not even pedophiles because the girls were like 15, so it's okay.
Oh yeah, where's that Megan Kelly clip?
Because I need to be up on the latest mind thoughts.
I don't know if we need to spread the Megan Kelly poison into the atmosphere, but...
Yes, this has been making the rounds. Let's go to...
Well, there's got to be a clip of it on Twitter.
This is the talking point of last resort that I suspect,
depending on how high the heat gets turned up here,
I think this could be where conservative thought ends up very soon,
which is essentially, come on.
It's like Game of Thrones, dude. They're all fucking teenagers in that book and show.
There's teenagers having sex in Game of Thrones.
You know, in the show, it's less implied, but in the book, yeah.
Okay, I can see how they're making a case. That's not an argument.
Oh. Anyway, here's Megan Kelly basically making that argument.
I've said this before, which is a reminder.
I do know somebody very, very close to this case who is in a position to know
that he was in the barely legal type.
Like he liked 15 year old girls.
And I...
She might need to brush up on the term barely legal.
It's like, you know, that barely murderer, Ed Gein.
And I don't know if he's a real person, but he's a real person.
And I don't know if he's a real person, but he's a real person.
And I don't know if he's a real person.
I don't know if he's a real person, but he's a real person.
You know, that barely murderer, Ed Gein, he was really into edging when it came to murders.
The thing he loved most is the part before the killings that he definitely did.
Pure not, well, whatever. Let's keep... Let's let her finish her thought, actually.
I realize this is disgusting. I'm definitely not trying to make an excuse for this.
You're not?
That he wasn't into like...
Wait, she literally just said the opposite of a fact.
She said barely legal girls and then said 15 year olds.
So, but I hate, why should I be mentioning facts on this stream, I guess.
But he liked the very young teen types that could pass for even younger than they were,
but would look legal to a pastor.
She's so bad at even saying this.
She just said the 15 year old like tween types that could pass for even younger,
but looked like adults. That's just a total contradiction of terms.
Well, you kind of know what she means, that type of girl that looks, that is 15,
but looks 12, but she always looks like 22. You know what I mean?
I really don't know what you mean, Shet.
It's like a Texas thing. I don't think Megan, you know, okay, whatever.
That is what I believed and that was what I reliably was told for many years.
And it wasn't until we heard from Pam Bondi that they had tens of thousands of videos of alleged,
forgive me, they used to call it kiddie porn.
Now they call it child sexual abuse material on his computer that for the first time I thought,
oh no, he was an actual pedophile. I mean, only a pedophile gets.
Oh my God. In the middle of her rant about 15 year olds that look like 12 year olds that look like 22 year olds being what he was into.
She had to get in like the, you know, we used to call him something else,
but now we have to call them little people. She like had to get her like vague anti-woke gesturing even in the middle of this.
Did they not call it kiddie porn anymore? I think people, when they're talking about child pornography,
probably use whatever disgusting term to talk about the disgusting thing. Wow.
Anyway, that's like a conservative centrist supposedly, so I'm excited to see where the conversation goes from there as you go down the list of increasingly psychotic conservatives.
But that's kind of the middle position, I guess, right now.
True Lunata wonder says he just likes illegal young teens who pass for younger girls,
but she also said that also pass for older as well.
She's hedging a little bit by saying, look, did he like to fuck teenagers? Yes.
Did they look like children? Absolutely. Did they look like complete adults? Absolutely.
Why are these people popular?
I remember one secretly where he says, I remember when she tried to pivot to MSNBC and be reasonable.
Yeah, that was a thing, wasn't it? MSNBC is like, please ratings anything.
But I think, I don't know, who the fuck even listens to Megan Kelly?
I guess people, I'm so out of awareness of like what's popular with conservative hogs.
I don't know. I can't imagine Megan Kelly is like the bleeding edge of conservatism,
but she does seem like a pretty prominent figure.
So anyway, I mean, it's not a novel observation, but I fully expect a number of conservatives,
if more, and I suspect more stuff will come out about Trump and Epstein.
This will become an increasingly more popular argument as they try to lay the groundwork for.
How old is 16 really? How old is 15 really?
They're just going to be doing Dave Chappelle's Michael Jackson joke.
Yeah, the amount of reasoning and recontextualizing is only going to get worse now that these are coming out as propaganda.
Well anyway, we briefly couldn't help but detour back into the Epstein news, but there's other news chat.
Keep it moving, man. There is a, I'll speak for me, there is a ton of chat news, and I'm chat and I'm saying it.
Dog shoots owner after he left shotgun on his bed. Is there a video?
Not that that's funny.
A Berks County man says he was accidentally shot by his dog.
The bizarre mishap happened late last night at a home on the 300 block of State Street in Shillington.
The man told police he was cleaning a shotgun and put it down on his bed.
When the man sat down on the bed, he says the dog jumped up onto the bed, causing the firearm to discharge and strike him in the lower back.
The man was rushed to the hospital where he underwent...
We got a debate coming in.
CSA vs. Wow, that is a debate.
What is the better phrase?
Oh, please actually do dog shooter vs. owner.
Okay, we'll do that instead of the CP on CP debate, I guess.
Though we are a slave to the request, so...
We might have had to find some way to do the other one too.
Uhhh...
Okay...
Wait, what were we talking about?
A dog shot his owner.
Oh, yeah.
Well, I hope he's okay, but there's no time to find out.
We're just going to have to move on.
Rush's first AI-powered robot walked on stage to try outfit music, took a few steps,
and then immediately face planted.
This is when you got to have a video, and they fortunately do.
Just to say, let me get this bad boy open.
been. Here we go. The future at our fingertips.
They still kind of have the inspirational AI music behind it, which I appreciate.
Oh! Oh! Come on, do the real rocky thing, get back up! No! They're putting them in
a body bag, Johnny! Wait, are they trying to just bring the curtain up? They immediately
failed to cover it up with a random piece of extendable cloth? Oh no, the global
economy is gonna tank for sure, isn't it? I'm just really excited for the montage
of failures that led to the like, you know, 20% increase in unhoused people that
we're gonna have to make in the next year. That'll just be in the montage.
Ay-ay-ay! Well, I hope the robot's okay. I mean, in the robot's defense, they were
playing the rocky theme, and the most rocky thing to do, did they even watch the
movie Fall Down? And what do you do? Two guys struggle to pick you up because you
weigh too much, and then a dude brings out a curtain and hides you, and you never
get back up again? I think, I don't think that's quite the quote, but I haven't
seen the movie in a while, so I guess I can't say. Alright, Jack Dorsey
funds Devine, a Vine reboot that includes Vine's archive. It's a lot of, it's a
lot of Vine in that headline. Remember Six Second Loops? Well, they're back.
It's Vine. It's Vine again. Isn't Jack Dorsey kind of a famous guy or something?
What's Jack Dorsey famous for? Is he a tech guy or was he a content guy? I can't
remember. Anyway, Jack, okay, sure. There's a robot butler in one of the
Rockies? That's true. Man, those movies so prescient. They saw
Under the Future and they knew that robot butlers would 100% work.
Jack Dorsey did Twitter. That's what it is. Oh yeah, he's a Twitter guy.
Something has replaced that piece of information in my mind. For some reason
someone else is now associated more with Twitter in my brain.
Poker Face canceled at Peacock as Rain Johnson seeks New Deal and New
Charlie Kale elsewhere. Sorry, Ryan Johnson's Poker Face is dead
and we know who did it. It was Peacock in the boardroom with an axe.
As the case is, with her any good cozy crime series, there may be a twist in
the tale. You see, while Deadline's reporting that Johnson's throwback
murder show hasn't scored a season three, renewal may come as a bit of a
shock to fans of the Colombo-esque who wide-done it. It's Poker Face.
Poker Face may not be quite so dead as it seems. Oh my god, just get to it.
According to Deadline, while Peacock's folding and on producing a third season of
Poker Face is set to see Natasha Leon vacate her starring role as a human lie
detector and they'll get somebody else, I guess. But wait, why?
They want Peter Dinklage to become the next Charlie.
And a joint statement, okay, despite Poker Face blah blah blah blah.
Okay. What does he have against, what's her face?
What does he have against that hot woman with red hair?
Um, you just read her name and I already forgot it.
Natasha Leon, yeah. Is it because she's starting an AI company?
Because I did also see that on my timeline recently.
That she's attempting to do like an ethical AI entertainment studio.
Best of luck with that.
I mean, it might be where we're all eventually,
might be what we're all eventually forced to have to accept,
but I would not as a well-known actor right now be putting my face on that particular brand.
She got Pereira Pildia.
Well, Kevin's an exception.
Kevin has long.
He's always been at the cutting edge of technologies that people absolutely despise.
He's a techno-optimist and I can't fault him for it.
However, if you are a active, a Caspian working in Hollywood,
I, yeah, that is a PR nightmare.
But hey, I mean, maybe she'll make, you know,
hundreds of millions of dollars off of it, just on spec.
She's tasted the dark chowder and wants more.
Just knowing a bunch of actors in Hollywood, I would not be going AI first.
That is, it feels like you're marching yourself to the gallows right now,
as far as within the community.
Although I'm sure all the executives she works for are like,
hell yeah, Natasha, excellent.
Love what you're doing.
RV Starlink Pickleball checks out.
Kevin is consistent.
You can't fault Kevin for being on the side of AI.
I mean, you could fault AI.
You can fault basically every product that he thinks is good,
but I can't fault Kevin for it because I think he's consistent.
Yes, we can.
You also can.
Not to contradict myself, but yeah, you can also fault Kevin.
I love Devon Panarin his talk of highly valuable, long-lasting NFTs.
Oh God, the NFT thing.
That feels like a million years ago.
Oh, a simpler time when the technology that everyone hated was NFTs.
And now we just have this way worse thing barreling down on us.
But you got to give Kevin credit for at least looking on the bright side of it.
So I will. I will give him credit.
Okay, you're crediting Kevin with all AI products.
Yes, that's right. I'm crediting Kevin with the current state of AI.
You still have your cool comers. You got to hodl it, dude, exactly.
It's going to come back.
The blockchain's going to get cheaper, more efficient.
That price is going to shoot to the moon.
Unless he's playing the long game on Rocobastilis,
in which case he'll be one of the only survivors.
I mean, you know, you can't ever fully bet against Kevin.
You might just have a beat on something the rest of us don't.
Well, speaking of visionary media figures,
please don't draw illusions between Kevin and Kanye West.
Look, I'll just let chat you that if they want to.
Kanye West faces immediate arrest in Brazil if he promotes Nazism during concert.
Isn't even booking Kanye West at this point?
Kind of a little bit of a tick in the pro-Nazi camp.
He has his biggest release of the last year was a song about Halin Hitler.
If you're booking him, then maybe it's already too late.
Kanye West's rampant glorification of Hitler and Nazism
could jeopardize his November 29th concert in San Paulo, Brazil.
I guess in Brazil's defense, you know, they might not have what they might not,
hopefully don't have state control of every artistic venue in the country or something,
but I just mean, as far as I'm concerned, being a Kanye West fan
is essentially either disregarding or supporting Nazism at this point.
No, I think he was doing the LSDF ironically or something,
and I think once you do something ironically, that means you can't be held accountable for it.
Correct? You know, it's a defense, a lot of comedians abuse,
but I'm becoming less convinced of that.
Reed, Jeffrey Epstein's newly released emails about Trump.
We kind of already did. Oh, they got some highlights here.
Mmm, do we dare? How many highlights we got?
Okay, they got three highlights here. These might be ones you've already covered, but let's see.
From the Gizzy Lane herself.
Oh, this is the dog who hasn't barked from Jeffrey Epstein to Gizzy Lane.
I want you to realize that the dog that hasn't barked is Trump.
Victim spent hours at my house with him. He never once has been mentioned.
Police chief, et cetera, I'm 75% there.
75% there.
Also, the phrase, the dog that hasn't barked?
I feel like the kind of thing I would say on this stream.
Well, actively trying to sound like an idiot that just misuses common sayings.
Like what even is that?
Like that dog doesn't hunt. I just feel like he's trying to do spy talk, but
I mean, he essentially was, I guess, involved with spies.
I don't know. He just comes off like such a fucking idiot in all these emails.
I really can't escape the sense that we are just a society ruled by the world's dumbest pedophiles.
I think that's how it's always been, dude, is, you know, the strongest pedophiles will lead us.
Victim Mar-a-Lago. Trump said he asked me to resign. Never a member ever.
Of course, he knew about the girls as he asked Gizzy Lane to stop.
Okay.
And this is from Michael Wolfe, a noted author slash best pals with Epstein.
Michael Wolfe says to Mr. Epstein in an email,
I think you should let him hang himself, he's a V-Trump, I'm assuming.
If he says he hasn't been on a plane to the house, then that gives you valuable PR and political currency.
You can hang him in a way that potentially generates a positive benefit for you.
Or if it really looks like he could win, you could save him generating a debt.
Of course, it is possible when asked, he'll say Jeffrey is a great guy
and has gotten a raw deal and is a victim of political correctness,
which is to be outlawed in a Trump regime.
He called it, dude.
That's why I have to say fucked up crazy stuff.
That's just what the law is now.
The wolves do not support Epstein. Yeah, I certainly hope not.
Those are three of the more quoted emails I've seen.
There's also... it's not worth looking them up, but there's a bunch of these emails are about like...
They mention Woody Allen, for instance, so often.
A lot of it is about just wanting to get weird media properties and podcasts off the ground.
We might have to do a rundown at some point of some of the dumber emails.
Because they really are a bunch of emails from people that are supposedly the Scions of American Empire being like...
What if Woody Allen interviewed, I don't know, like a Nobel Prize winner or something?
It's just like Jesus Christ. This is what they're preoccupied with, okay?
Anyway, speaking of bad news, sometimes even the greats have to take an L.
And I am loath to report this, so chat you do it.
Watch, entire section of China's newly open bridge collapses crashing into river below.
Your precious China-done-goofed case?
Oh, ho, chometillo! Chometillo!
Maybe it's, um... that kind of looks like when they power up in Dragon Ball Z, actually.
Maybe somebody powered up at a bad time.
Can we get Bill Clinton's take on theoretically getting a blow-jay from the gross orange man?
Was the cigar involved? In any way. Oh boy, I guess we can.
I guess we can. I guess we can.
Okay, we'll do that in a second. How many more stories? How far behind on stories, am I?
Um, okay, we covered that, covered that, covered that, covered it. Gosh, we've done so much news, actually.
And it's only taken us a full hour.
Okay, there's a couple more. V4EvRendeta's getting a series. I'll just give you some headlines here.
U.S. Anti-Doping accuses Wada of trying to smear America. Okay.
Another bear attack in Japan? God damn.
Fedora Man Unmask meet the teen behind the Louvre mystery photo.
That one I think I probably have to click on. There's a guy named Fedora Man.
I'm unfamiliar with Fedora Man. I guess I'm not as online as I should be.
When 15-year-old Pedro Elias Garzón de Vlo realized an associated press photo of him at the Louvre
on the day of a crown jewel's heist had drawn millions of views, his first instinct was not to rush online and unmask himself.
Quite the opposite. A fan of Sherlock Holmes and Hercules Perot.
I can't believe you said that right.
You're right, I should have said Parrot, because that is what it's, what it's how it's spelled.
Lives with his parents and grandfather in Rambolt, west of Paris.
Pedro decided to play along with the world suspense. I've lost interest.
This story was written by Fedora.
Who is Fedora? Look at Fedora Man. This is Fedora Man. Where is this fucking Fedora?
You live the fucking gimmick dude. If you're gonna be fed- Okay, nevermind. It's right here.
But it should be on his head.
It needs to be on his head at all times.
We don't have time for this AP. I'm looking at Fedora Man.
Okay, so I guess this was a viral photo that we missed.
But I'm missing it anymore. Because there is Fedora Man.
Fedora adjacent man. That's his, that's like his earlier form.
That's Frieza level two. The one where he's like just tall and looks like King Cold.
What the fuck are you talking about right now? Just kidding. I know.
Obviously I'll watch your egg and palsy.
Okay, let's burn through a few more of these.
Taco Bell got a new custom fucking Mountain Dew. Hell yes.
And then we'll end on a penis story, which I've already seen.
Locked and loaded. Into our upcoming stories.
All right.
Judges in China become streamers, sell crabs to 200k viewers to help family pay off their debt.
Case? We've got a new business model.
Selling crabs? I couldn't imagine that being...
I could imagine that being more entertaining than me talking about the news.
So maybe we should consider it.
YouTuber MrBeast is set to open his own theme park inspired by his stunts.
But there's a catch. Didn't he just already do this?
Didn't this happen?
I don't really want to watch a MrBeast video.
But I do believe in Riyadh.
What a shock. MrBeast is in Riyadh.
He opened some probably very slap together theme park called Beast World.
Here's some guy...
Welcome to...
Here's some guy enjoying Beast World's opening day.
Let's see how long we last.
Beastland, the first ever MrBeast theme park in the world here in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
We're going to take you around for the opening evening and show you all around what this place has to offer. Let's go.
Streamers!
So we've just parked up the car.
I don't care. Show us the Beast World.
MrBeast Camera...
Show us the Beast.
The MrBeast logo that we're going to walk through now. I'm really excited.
Okay, Eb is going to go through the tunnel first.
Through the Beast.
Through the Beast.
It's massive.
Okay, so first of all we're going to look at the map and see what this place has to offer.
Eb, show us the map.
So what have we got? We've got a ride, another ride, another ride, another ride.
What counts as a ride?
There's a lot of rides.
And there's a maze challenge.
A Ferris World. Alex Funtz. Where is the stage?
Okay, there's a four minute timer everywhere and MrBeast keeps saying get to the stage.
And he's actually here today so...
No, the MrBeast.
Oh my god, MrBeast maybe.
You're telling me MrBeast? Is that Beast World?
That's crazy. That's like having a thousand Mickey's at your DOSNY world.
The Jimmy Beast appearing at Beast World.
You think once he's not there they'll have a MrBeast costume guy walk around like a character actor?
Well you wouldn't really need much character or acting.
You just kind of have to walk around like, hey! I'm Jimmy Beast!
Whoa, you became him for a moment.
Okay, that was incredible. Thank you. I've been working on my MrBeast.
I can't. I can't watch.
It's just so clearly like a really spaced out state fair with a lot of colorful LED lights and probably drone projections.
I don't know. Fucking nightmare. Fucking nightmare.
I'm excited for this to become a dilapidated just cobweb factory in the desert.
Or whatever it will become in the desert.
I guess just get slowly sanded down by the winds into nothingness.
The fate of us all. The fate of Beast World.
Will we have a beardless case and a future bin newscast?
I'll probably shave at some point. Who knows? Maybe my hair will fall out of my face.
I don't think that happens. I think your face hair just gets thicker and worse.
Discarded Lamborghini parking lot.
I mean, will anyone be at this thing in even two weeks?
This is going to be a bunch of cardboard stands.
Just a derelict cardboard stand parking lot.
Yeah, Kendall is against me shaving the beard. So can't do it guys.
But Taco Bell can make changes at least.
Taco Bell's new Mountain Dew Baja Blast Pie horrifies customers.
Oh, it's a pie?
Oh, whoa. Yours by a slice of luck.
Mountain Dew Baja Blast Pie.
That's some effective marketing.
Because I do see that and I'm like,
Oh, sick! That makes me fucking sick!
If I ate that I would die!
And that makes me think of Taco Bell.
So how does that get you to go to Taco Bell?
I mean, I have those thoughts and I go to Taco Bell anyway.
So it kind of, I kind of want Taco Bell.
Because it made you think about eating something and dying?
Yeah, I mean, I'll claim to understand it, but that's what Taco Bell is for.
You see it and you're like, No!
Oh, fucking disgusting!
Then you eat it.
Then you shit your pants.
That's Taco Bell.
Classic American cuisine.
Really, you know what?
I guess we can count it as American cuisine at this point.
I think we should, I don't think we should force Taco Bell out of the Mexicans.
Well, force and all sorts of stuff out of them actually.
Okay, last story.
You know how we got to end this thing.
I have no sensation in my penis and feel like an alien during sex.
Is that a headline show?
Are you just saying that?
Ha ha, case.
I'll never tell.
Oh, here he is. Jimmy Beast?
Mr. Beast is in the hospital because his penis is an alien?
I think this guy's name is Mark Beast, actually.
I think it's Mr. Beast's brother.
Okay, gotcha. That makes sense.
They look just alike.
When Mark Beatty was just 14, he lost sensation in his genitals.
He began suffering with pain and spasms in his legs and pelvis.
That often left him bedridden.
See, penis stories seem like they're going to be fun because they're about, well, you know, penis.
But then they often entail serious medical issues and people actually suffering.
And suddenly they are a little less fun.
Well, they are. It is still about penis, though.
So that's...
Maybe we just don't read the rest.
He thinks his penis is an alien, so that's fun.
Yeah, we'll just say that that was fun and we'll just end it there.
Yeah, yeah, let's just pretend that everything was fun the whole time and end it there.
Oh, wait. Now we have to talk to Bill Clinton.
Sorry, everyone.
We have to talk to Bill Clinton before we go.
Bill Clinton. Sorry, I'm just checking my own Rolodex of people I have compromising material on,
and thus have to show up when I request them instantly.
Let me just see if I still have Bill Clinton.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, you know, honestly, he's looking younger than ever, but...
That's what that Adrena Krum will do for you.
Okay, so we haven't...
Must be polite.
Bill, are you there?
Well, yes.
Hello, everybody. It's me, Bill Clinton.
Are we sure this is Bill Clinton?
I mean, yes.
It's me. It's me, it's Bubba.
So, so bad. Yeah, he looks really terrible.
Are you sure this is him?
Are you not? Are you just a guy?
It's me, it's Bill Clinton.
You also don't sound that much like Bill Clinton.
What do I need to do to prove to you?
Put a cigar in my asshole?
He does have a juggalo chin strap.
Are you juggling him?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, I'm a juggalo now.
That's correct.
I mean, I'm a mature retired president.
There's not that much to do, so...
This isn't how Bill Clinton sounds.
How does Bill Clinton sound?
Bill Clinton's more like, um...
I did not have sexual relations.
You don't even just sound like that guy.
Look, you're both doing an incredible impression of me, obviously.
And you sound exactly like me, Bill Clinton.
Did I have a little work done?
Yes. Was it to shave my beard into the world's most perfect strap?
Yes. Am I a huge fan of violent J and I'm looking to collab?
And is that why I'm here?
Yes on all three.
And I'm assuming that's what we're here to talk about?
No, I was going to ask you if you ever had...
gave oral...
God, received oral sex from Donald Trump?
I mean, I don't know.
What?
Wasn't there supposed to be something going on tonight, says young pug?
I mean, I think you're seeing an interview with the president,
former president.
Yeah, but the one that...
when you think of president,
you probably think of Bill Clinton.
Wait, you can't remember if you got a blowjob from Donald Trump?
I don't know, man.
I look like Doug from the Doug cartoon.
That's a compliment.
That young man was steadfast.
He was kind.
He had...
He was patient.
What are you talking about?
I'm talking about the cartoon Doug.
And look, if people think I look and sound like Doug,
that's fine.
I'm asking you if you got a blowjob from Donald Trump.
This is a high-profile email that essentially just suggested that.
And I'm telling you, I don't know.
How would you not remember that?
Do you remember every blowjob you've ever received,
absolutely with 100% accuracy?
Well, I guess you haven't gotten that many.
After a while, you know, it's just like a...
extended handshake.
I mean, at a certain point...
You're blown away. You're getting blown by everybody.
You're the president.
You don't even want it at a certain point,
but you feel rude not to let people do it
because you've let everybody do it.
They're like, come on.
I booked the meeting.
Mr. President, what you're admitting to here
is probably even worse somehow.
I don't know, man.
Look, I'm a juggernaut now.
I'm at the carnival 100% of the time.
You think at the carnival we care about those sucking what off of who?
Who's got a hatchet?
Where the hatchet is?
You think we care about that kind of thing?
At the carnival?
Thank you for the new follow, for the follow, young pug.
Apologies that you have to do it over this interview
that I don't feel like I'm knocking out of the park.
Well, that's because you're not letting me ask questions.
Mr. President, if I may...
What, um...
What's better, Freakazoid or Pinky and the Brain?
I mean, it's got to be Pinky and the Brain.
Okay, correct.
Um...
Alright.
Samurai Champloo or Afrosamurai?
Oh, that's a tricky one.
Who would give me like a sloppy or messier blowjob?
Whoa, that's not what he asked.
Well, let him finish.
The guy from Samurai Champloo that does breakdance fighting
or Afrosamurai, who'd give me a nastier, more aggressive blowjob
is how I'll try to decide this.
Afrosamurai's got the number one headband, but, um...
That guy from Samurai Champloo can spin up something fierce.
How more of a cowboy be a bob guy?
I got a mean blowjob from Spike Spiegel.
He's a cartoon, so am I.
Mugen would be a feral blowjob? He would, he would tear it up.
You didn't get a blowjob from Spike Spiegel.
Alright.
I was supposed to ask you about the Donald Trump stuff,
and I don't remember, but I did.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, come on, I did.
Of course I did.
Of course I did.
He's good.
What?
He's good.
He's workman-like.
Once he's done there, he wants to be the best.
He filled up his mouth with a golden dental dam,
and he just went to town.
He said, I give the most beautiful blowjobs.
I can't do a good Trump impression.
You can't even do a good Bill Clinton impression.
That's the meanest thing anyone's ever said to me,
but I'm actually, I'm in sort of carnival mindset,
so anything fucked up you say to me just gets me hyped up
and ready to hatch it, so I don't even have to talk to you.
You just sound way...
Wasn't...
What was Bill Clinton's voice?
Is this?
It was exactly this.
Okay, well, I guess thanks for clearing that up.
I hope I cleared that up.
Anyway, you guys want to...
No, I'm good.
Well, check your considering this?
I guess I can't.
Yeah, check.
We're on air right now.
Okay, but after...
No, I'm good.
Well, the president we're talking about.
No, former president.
Right, you're not current.
So I don't have to do it because you're not the president.
Okay, then I'll think about it.
All right, shut.
Anyway, that's all the time we have.
Thank you to our guest, Bill Clinton,
for admitting that he received oral sex from the current president.
Yeah, yeah, maybe we shouldn't have whoever this guy is say that out loud,
but let's move on.
I mean, I'll hang out.
No, we're good.
I think that's all the time we have.
I mean, I would love to continue to hang out,
but I guess we'll end this really good interview that I was doing
and send it to whatever is next.
That's all the news for now.
Deish, can you stop showing up when you're not supposed to?
Where's Munch?
Is he using the bathroom again?
Let me use...
Let me ask this small gray creature real quick.
Ah, there we go.
Oh, no, all of our alerts are still on.
What the hell?
Those alerts are not supposed to be active right now.
Uh, I guess they are.
Oops.
Damn it.
Okay, look, uh, yo, it's me.
I'm here.
Where were you?
I was doing, I was not taking a shit.
See, that's how you do that.
I was not taking a shit.
That's all you got to say.
The next time someone asks you that,
just don't immediately go to I was taking a shit.
Thank you so much.
Obviously, you're all excited that I ran in here late
because it's so cool to do that,
but I am here now
and that means we can do the important debate of the day.
Settle down.
Why are these, what's with all these new graphics?
Uh, they're not supposed to be on.
But seems that they are.
There's some kinks to work out of the background system,
but hey, at least the munch jet.
You still want 100% powered up and looking incredible.
Today's debate is not the first thing,
which just even saying that word
as the most moral man on the planet does make me feel bad.
Oh, that's the word you won't say.
Oh, what you want to say?
K.P.
The old K.P.
No, I mean, it is gross.
It's kitty.
The word kitty is unpleasant even by itself.
Anyway, the debate we're doing is a dog shooter versus owner.
Who is better?
A dog that shoots its owner or the owner that was shot?
Who's better?
I guess that's the essential question of every debate is
what is better?
And obviously it's better to be the shooter than to be shot.
What? No, that's terrible.
It's just not good to shoot someone,
even if you're a nasty little dog.
Nasty little dog?
You know, you're a little scruffy, mangy mutt.
Why do you talk about dogs like this?
Well, this dog is misbehaving.
He's being a bad little guy.
And that's why he's lesser than the owner.
He needs to respect his owner and not shoot people.
Shooting people is bad, even if you're a dog.
Pathetic.
I mean, the fact that he even did it is cool, but we'll get to it.
I'm on the side of obviously the shooter dog.
I like the dog that shoots people,
and this coward refuses to defend animals.
The most vulnerable among us.
Well, she's like, maybe they can defend them.
Oh my God.
These are not supposed to be like that.
But they are.
So what can you do?
The gun was clean, the dog, we assume, was not.
Anyway, if you have a mind that can make that debate,
I'm on the side of the dog.
You're apparently on the side of the cowardly owner.
Too afraid to shoot.
Go!
Well, look, I mean, I'm not.
Obviously the dog probably didn't know what it was doing.
Though, can we prove that?
Uh, yes, it's a dog.
Well, I just mean, I've seen no proof that this dog didn't...
That there was, you know, that we can't ask the dog to find out
if there was intent behind it.
So we could be talking about premeditated murder here,
making the dog even worse.
It is never correct to shoot a person.
And I think that for a dog, it's actually even worse,
because they are supposed to be loyal to their owner.
They're relying on them for food.
And it is a huge betrayal for an animal to grab a Glock
and light you up.
Or to pull out the heater, to pull out that shoddy
out of the trunk in the back, you know, in the back of the 6-6.
Whip out that shoddy and just go to town on their owner with it.
Block, block, block.
I think that's wrong for an animal to do.
The fuck is a 6-6?
Look, don't worry about it.
Okay, look, dog's fucking rock.
Can we agree?
Can we agree that dog's fucking rock, please?
For what?
Yes, obviously they do.
I understand that's the coolest health thing to say
and essentially a truism, but it should be said,
a dog that can shoot, it's like a dog that can talk.
Look who's shooting now.
You wouldn't watch that movie.
It's fucking John Wick, but it's from the dog's perspective.
What if the dog in John Wick was John Wick
and Keanu Reeves is the one that got killed by the mob?
Now the dog is fucking on the offense, baby.
Boom, boom, boom.
He's taking out all the monsters.
You wouldn't watch that shit?
It would be awesome because when animals do human things,
it's fucking cool.
The only animal thing that humans do that is
you can't really watch is when they fuck,
but when they kill, come on.
That's just being man's best friend.
We love killing shit, and they can do it too.
And I can do it endlessly.
That's why I never fucking lose.
Boom.
What the shit?
What happened now?
What the hell is this?
Shoot, the sensor bar is really high up now.
That's intentional.
Lately, I've been lactating whenever I win.
What?
Look, I have incredibly powerful nipples that can lactate enough milk to feed six babies.
And my mothering instincts kick in whenever I achieve victory.
And so to preempt, chat from getting an eyeful of my powerful lactating nipples,
I said introduce a sensor bar.
So currently what's happening under this sensor bar right now is I'm cleaning up my shirt.
I'm bottling the milk that I'm actively leaking,
and I will be donating it to a soup kitchen.
Why is that the lie?
It just meant you fucked up your graphic.
This kind of reminded me of home improvement.
You're sort of like the neighbor, except I wish that this black box was a black guillotine,
and it would cut your head off.
Look, where there's too many segments to get to today.
Let's just end it.
Said beautifully, actually.
You know what? There's a ton of comments to get to.
Whoever does these, I think it's time I got to the comments.
That Trump email Trump running into a sliding glass door in the Epstein files is kind of funny.
Oh shit, that was some classic stuff.
What are you even talking about?
Can we take it easy with all of these Epstein emails?
Those are private emails.
What?
Look, I mean, obviously it's not good watching the emails,
but can we at least have a little moment of decency
to respect the privacy of email communications?
Many of them literally say, don't share this, and yet we are?
Trump, those emails are about fucking kids.
Lots of them.
Obviously that's terrible.
I'm just saying they're private communications.
Are you in those emails?
Do I need to search the emails for Leonard Crumb?
No, I never got his email address.
You asked for his email address?
No.
Not per se.
Not per se.
Well, look, you have to understand, I was mayor back in the early 2000s when,
you know, we were open for business, baby.
If a billionaire wanted to do business in my town,
I'd be a fool not to seek that out.
Oh my God.
But anyway, I'm not on the list.
Never quite got to that level.
You regret not being on the Epstein list is what you're saying.
No, I'm just mean, you know,
I'm not claiming to be a big deal.
Like I'm not, I don't have an inflated ego like you.
I'm willing to recognize at my age when you didn't quite hit all of your goals.
And yeah, I never quite made it to the level of the type of guy who'd be on that list.
Some real hard hitters on that list.
Okay, look, all I was trying to say is that it's a little funny that Trump got so horned up
according to the emails that he walked face first into a glass door because
on the other side of it were a bunch of young girls in bikinis.
And I'll let you fill in how we don't know how young, but you're basically saying
you wish you were on the Epstein list.
Obviously I don't.
Two things can be true.
I'm so glad I'm not on the Epstein list.
Also, there's some big names on that list that it would have been an honor to work with.
I mean, a lot of the people on the list are people that you actively know, Munch.
That is actually all of the time that we have for the day.
Yeah, there's the button.
Can you stop saying just stop?
Can you stop?
We were going to do tons of comments.
Let's see how many I can get through before.
And then we already did that one.
Maybe Kim should have been studying instead of paying a psychic.
That's good.
That's good.
And we forgot that all these are doubled up.
That's crazy.
What rides would there be at a bit amusement park?
A fuck up, a ride where you run over a Crumb's mouth with a roller coaster.
How about that ride, Crumb?
That'd be a pretty good ride, wouldn't it?
Hello, everybody.
It's me, it's Jeb.
Hi.
The music is janky.
Maybe it's in the key of J as in Jossum.
What the?
Sorry, everyone.
Misbehaving scenes there.
What the?
What did you just say about Jossum?
Whatever it was, it was good and it was cool.
Jeb, do you have a chainsaw to carve that wooden illusion of your dad?
Did you make me with a chainsaw?
No.
Anyway, it's me, Jeb Noggett, the one and only.
Okay?
Sign up my face.
It's in exactly the right shape.
And maybe my nose isn't quite as straight as it used to be.
I'm actually not image-focused like everyone else.
What I like to do is learn how to do things.
Okay.
Anyway, that's my dad and he's in the wood, right, daddy?
Oh, man.
Yeah, that's true.
Hey, Jebs, dad, do you want to disown your son?
Is that an option?
Shouldn't the icy grip of death have done that work for me?
Do I still have a legal responsibility to my shit son?
Whoa, daddy, I'm right here.
Sorry, I meant the shit son.
My son who's the shit the best ever I'm talking about, jet, baby.
And I've got all the responsibility in the world to be a fan.
I'm honestly a fan at this point, son.
I'm so proud of you.
I'm incredibly lucky to even get to be in the universe where I'm your dad.
What a son.
And also, I'm your son.
And also, that's true.
Let's see what has been shared in the how-to section of the bin discord.
I have a son.
It's not a lie.
But yeah.
Okay.
Um, how to air walk like a pro.
Okay.
I love to do things professionally.
Let's find out how.
And he just kind of stomped in the air.
Okay.
He made it look so easy.
But the camera doesn't point down at my muscular legs.
So there's simply no way I could show you.
Also, the wide shot isn't even working right now for some reason.
I don't even know why.
Can you do it, daddy?
Um, well, let me try.
Oh, I seem to be in the wood, Jim.
And you're okay with that, right?
Because it's fine.
Oh yeah, it's fine.
Real job would do it.
How would I do it?
I like, I eat it the way I'm going to see my little feet.
Because if I stick them in the air,
look at where little slippies.
Is this count?
My feet are in the air?
My little slippies in my feet?
People want from me.
Oh, it's locked in.
I'd have to literally float.
I'll try it sometime.
Case can add it to his workout stream.
Those are my little slippies.
My little slippies from Oluke.
Oh, are you sponsored by them?
Maybe. No.
Okay, let's keep going.
The Running Man Dance Montage.
I'm not sure how this is a how-to, but it's on the list.
Can Jeb follow along and how-to all the way through?
Oh, God.
Oh, God, I'd love to not do that.
I guess let's do it.
In the 80s was the Running Man.
Check this out.
Oh, it froze.
Facing side, I want you to bring one of your legs up,
step on it, and slide your other foot back.
So it goes hop, step, hop, lunge.
Now get into it.
Keep dancing now. See you in the 90s.
Oh, my God. Everybody's too good at this.
In order to do the Running Man, what you have to do is
you have to start with one leg up to the knee.
You have both arms bent.
Now what you do is you put this leg down to the floor,
and you slide the leg that you're standing on to the back.
As you do that, you straighten your arms.
One, two, three, four.
This is the guide, and this is freestyle.
Let's move on. Our next step is the Running Man.
Again, this is another very popular step.
It gives the illusion of running on air.
And one and two, and that's it.
On to the side, let them come back.
You and three and four, and five and six and seven and eight.
Yeah, that was good.
Now we'll learn the Running Man.
You can accent the heel by kicking it back.
This is a variation of what Hammer does.
I see there you got it. You go down the Running Man.
All right. Come on. Let's learn it.
Up, down, up, down, up, down.
Real fast. Now stay strong.
You got it. Keep it going.
The Running Man is one of my favorites.
You lift both arms up, lift one foot up,
and bring it about knee height alongside the other leg.
Hi, I'm Diane Horner, and welcome to Country Hip Hop,
the newest trend in country line dancing.
Running Man three times.
Step into it, then step into that roll.
Running Man, lift.
Three times.
Running Man.
Running Man.
The Running Man.
What you've seen before with a twist.
That's the cowboy hip hop.
That sucked ass.
I hated all of that.
The Running Man? Whoa!
Okay. This is the Running Man?
Now, see in the 90s.
Check this out. Facing side,
I want you to bring one of your legs up,
step on it, and slide your other foot back.
Here it goes. Hop, step, hop, lunge.
Now, get into it.
All right, you keep dancing now. See in the 90s.
In order to do the Running Man, what you have to do
is you have to start with one leg up to the knee.
You have both arms bent.
Now, what you do is you put this leg down to the floor
and you slide the leg that you're standing on to the back.
As you do that, you straighten your arms.
Come on, our next step is the Running Man.
Again, this is another very popular step.
It gives the illusion of running on air.
And one and two, and that's your arms to the side.
Let them come down.
And three and four and five and six and seven and eight.
Yeah, that was good.
Now we'll learn the Running Man.
You're trying to kill me, Chad.
You're trying to fucking kill me.
Hello? Does this count as a workout stream?
Yes. Kendall, you want to do it?
Kendall's doing it, but not on cam.
You're so much better at it.
How do you coordinate your body to move?
How do you move your body?
Oh, wow.
Well, look, I'm a novice, okay?
You were never going to be Chinese with that attitude?
Are you trying to be Chinese?
Not me, I think case is.
Yeah, she's pretty racist and fucked up.
But that's case. Okay.
Yeah, let's, you know what I can pull it up right now.
We had to edit the background to look like there's,
there was a green screen in the room.
Just so you could see my legs better.
That's how quickly Kendall edited it.
Okay.
Oh, this made me, this camera is fucked with my face,
so I look different, but it's just the camera.
Anyway, together, separate.
From here. Together. Together, separate.
I'm wasting it. It's the camera.
Why am I putting my toes like that?
I don't know.
Why?
Together, separate.
Together, separate.
Faster.
It was there. It was there.
That's fine. We did fine.
You were there.
Look, my equilibrium is somewhere in my thighs, okay?
My equilibrium is just above my knees.
I carry a lot of calf weight.
My socks are super slippery.
There's a dangerous wood floor in here.
It's all the feet aren't green screen.
You're going to have to use an auto mask for that.
Okay.
You can be shuffling anywhere.
Fake jab?
I seem like not a sheer killer.
That makes sense because I'm not.
You want to watch a how-to with me really quick, Kendall?
I have to.
They're short. They're usually short.
I'll find a really short one for you.
I'll find a really short one.
How to clean your glasses.
Nice. My glasses are spotless.
Okay. That's fine.
Sure. Yeah. It's only a minute long. That's fine.
That's fine.
She's got places to be. It's understandable.
It's not like we were having a ton of fun.
Okay. Felix, help us out here.
Hi. I'm Anouk from FelixGray.
And today I want to talk to you about the five most common ways
I've seen people destroy their glasses.
After having worked more than 15 years in the eyewear industry,
this is what we see happening all the time.
The first one is people don't use their designated eyewear cloth
that always comes with your glasses.
Always use this to clean your lenses
because you have tiny particles of sand or dust
that may be attached to your clothes
and that can really scratch and ruin the coatings on your lenses.
The second most common way people destroy their glasses
is by using soaps to clean the lenses and the frames.
This can actually completely wash off your coatings.
So never use any cleaning products except for a cleaning spray
that you can buy at your local opticians.
These are specifically designed to work well with the coatings
that are applied to premium lenses to protect the lens
to make them easier to clean to repel water, dirt and dust.
So always use a specific lens cleaner
should you want to use anything else than your cleaning cloth.
The third most common way people destroy...
I messed up my audio balance.
Oh, I turned my mic way down.
That makes sense.
Now that should be loud again.
Their glasses is by leaving them on the dashboard of their car.
When the sun comes out, it gets really hot there.
These are natural materials, biobased acetates
that when you heat them up,
the structure of the material loosens up
and it starts warping your frames.
So never leave them exposed to high heat,
especially commonly done on the dashboard of a car.
The fourth way that people damage their glasses
is by folding them and then putting them upside down
on a table or on any surface.
This can scratch your lenses,
making it really difficult to get a clear vision
when you do wear your glasses.
So should you want to take them off?
I already knew all this. I'm a pro at this one.
Look, the proper way to store your glasses
is sideways amongst a bunch of internet
and various cables.
You just jam your glasses into a big pile
amongst so many cords you're not even sure what they do anymore.
And that'll keep them clean.
That's all you need to know.
These shouldn't lick your glasses, son.
It makes you look like a disgusting animal.
Maybe I like the way the glass tastes, dad.
Maybe it tastes like seeing a better world.
I'm dead. I'm supposed to tell you that.
You are, though. Oh, right.
Did you forget between saying it yourself
and then me telling you? Forget what?
Okay, that's all the time we have for the day.
We'll be moving on now to the webs or something
and then a song and then we'll get out of here.
But that's actually all we have time for today.
And we were able to do it because the thing is
you actually never too old to learn a new trick.
She's shown.
Why am I wearing Marsha's jacket?
Stop it. Everybody stop.
There we go.
Try to change my jacket real quick.
Well, hey there. Oh, my God.
Who are you supposed to be?
It's Bill. Clinton.
I'm just a Bill.
Here on...
probably a hill.
You are not becoming a recurring character for the record.
I'd rather have Ouija be a recurring character.
Well, you want me to go get Ouija for you?
I could get you Ouija.
No, I'm good. Abraham Lincoln.
Can we talk to Abraham Lincoln, actually?
Do you know all the presidents? Can you go get Lincoln?
I can get Lincoln.
Why not both?
We have standards around here. We don't.
Is Abraham Lincoln around?
If that's the only one that's not available, I will be shocked.
You wanted to talk to me, young man.
Me?
Abraham Lincoln?
You know, I actually have to pitch my voice down to sound like that.
In reality, I have a very high-pitched voice.
That's not that high.
This is a really high voice. That's just how I sound it.
Um...
Bobram? Bobraham Lingbaum?
Hello, everybody. It's me, Abraham Lincoln.
That can't be how you sound it.
This is how I sound it.
Little old Abry Abyboy Billinklin.
We're getting worse.
I don't know.
I told the co-health you dudes. Some fun times.
I just don't...
Can we get in somebody who just sounds like how...
It is Will Ferrell Lincoln.
Oh, that's kind. He's a funny man.
I think he might literally be like a PNG of Will Ferrell as Abraham Lincoln.
What's a PNG?
Okay.
Let's just get through this. Let's watch some...
webs.
If anybody has a different request for a president, let me know.
Maybe we'll cycle through a couple presidents.
It's been like a presidential week, you know?
Uh-oh! Every time you sneeze, you gotta sleep with your best friend for a couple months!
Taft?
Not to you don't want him.
Okay.
We'll get through a couple of these before you switch presidents, if we even remember to do that.
This is Soken featuring Automaton.
I don't know what this is, but we'll watch some of it.
Oh! Wow!
You know, Lahi?
It's so quiet.
I will play Lahi.
Okay.
Music start!
Wow! Can we jump ahead?
That was beautiful.
That's traditional singing from that part of the world.
I'm not sure that that's true.
Former president and dead man Abraham Lincoln.
I don't think all Japanese music sounds like that.
Oh, back in my day, the polite term was,
Foreign Asia man.
I think we're not supposed to...
I don't know if anyone ever called them that, Mr. President.
Look, back in my day, if you wanted to be polite, you called them.
Foreign Asian man.
Asia man.
And that's their traditional style of music.
Use the Viagra boys.
Let's keep you up on modern music with the Viagra boys.
Okay.
Listen, everybody, we are on the very precipice of living in a fucking totalitarian...
...duh.
As I said earlier, we are in times of turmoil,
and the most important thing ever right now is that we can join each other
and love each other and show compassion towards others no matter what they believe in.
Mr. Donald Trump is absolutely not doing these days.
And he is a stereotype.
Music has changed.
It's more melodic than it used to be.
That's a 10.
That's not even the music part, Mr. President.
That's his fat fucking cunt.
Oh, that's the music part.
I don't think... I don't know if he does know it.
Thank you so much. I love you.
Oh, that was a good one.
Oh, that was a good one.
I liked him up until the part with the loud noises at the end.
That was the music part.
I thought the yelling was the music part.
That's how we used to do it.
We'd stand around the campfire and...
whoever could yell a slur the most melodically got to the most soup that night.
And that's still kind of how it is actually.
Let's see. What else we got?
What the hell is this?
My God! Those horses are terribly sick!
Yeah, the horses have gotten...
They have some problems now, Mr. President. I'm sorry.
Someone get them to the horse physician so he can cut off their legs.
The legs are too... they have too much blood in them.
Mm-hmm.
They need to remove those horses legs for them to have a chance.
Their humors are entirely out of whack.
I don't know if...
I think in your time, Mr. President, they were already past that particular...
those particular medical thoughts.
Those might have never been medical thoughts.
You don't understand science, young man.
They're more advanced than we ever used to be.
Those horses are...
running with blood and the humors are...
in a terrible state.
I hope they get the help that they need.
Anyway, what magic are we using to watch these horrific images?
Don't worry about it. Let's see.
This will make you feel good. This is the Feel Good video, hopefully.
It was at this moment that he knew...
he fucked up.
Oh, my!
An animal will do that, as God intended.
That's just classic farm stuff, okay?
Here, bend to a farm.
You can't milk a pig without getting a little bit of piss in your hat.
That's an old saying.
Not sure I tracked.
That's just how it is.
I mean, look, I've...
I don't...
You don't seem to be the farming type.
You seem more like a city boy.
But back in my day, if you didn't leave the barn...
with your...
just the stench of piss on your nostrils and mouth...
you hadn't done any milk in that day.
Aren't you a lawyer?
The Lincoln lawyer.
Yes, okay.
Let's...
This'll be more your speed, Mr. President.
My day, you hadn't traveled the highways of America to give a speech...
unless you showed up into that speech in what we used to call...
God's Natural Brown F...
No, we don't need to know that, Mr. President.
Let's just move on from that one.
I honestly don't think I was supposed to show that at all.
And we don't need your commentary on that particular one.
Here's a different video.
Spread that syrup all over my custom body.
Oh, will me out.
Oh, please give me that little chigo.
Please give me that little chigo.
I liked that young man.
He knew what he wanted.
America's about freedom.
And I support that square young man's right to jiggle where he will...
and to be covered in all the fixings.
Look, everybody's got one in their family, if you know what I mean.
Could you clarify what you mean?
We've all got one of those.
The type that likes to cover themselves in all the fixings...
and jiggle around on the table.
We've all got one.
God, I love this country.
It did sound a little bit like you. It's true.
It's charming seeing these videos without Kevin's face.
Videos like that.
Yeah, where's all the Kevin... Why isn't Kevin in these videos?
Okay, we've...
We've seen some stuff already today.
I'm worried what any of these videos are now, but...
Can I show this one? You know, I'm gonna skip this one.
I was worried, and so I scrolled ahead,
and the size of the boobs in that video, I think maybe I shouldn't.
Okay, let's try... Wait, we've already seen this one.
If we caught back up somehow...
This is Tony Stark, actually. This is a different Tony Stark video.
Okay, we'll give this one a shot.
You know you're in Miami,
when your coffee is stronger than your wifi.
And everyone's car costs.
He's posing for a photo.
This is just wait, everyone.
Now wait for the photo to develop in the camera.
Yeah, that is actually how that works, Mr. President. Good call.
Hold!
Hold for photo development.
Hold!
You fit in that equation, Tony.
Easy. I own the wifi.
Invented the coffee.
Um, built the car.
I've seen many plays in my day.
Well, yeah, he's all these one.
And I did not track the plot of that particular flight of fancy.
Now that's Tony Stark. He's really popular nowadays.
And what year is this? 1892?
Close enough.
The world has changed, because I require characters with pathos and plotting.
This just seemed to be the town buffoon, allowed on stage to say what he will.
That's most media. That's currently what I'm doing, actually.
I love this country and the freedoms it affords us.
Uh, yeah, we all do. We all, we're huge fans here.
Um, the absolute worst but most iconic lyrics in K-pop.
See how quickly we got a copyright strike on this one.
Hey, you know, guys, I just realized also the other week we played a clip of Joe Rogan.
Um, listening to an AI clip of a 50 cent cover, but with AI.
And that did get us a copyright strike.
As we were watching it, we were like, oh yeah, I bet this AI artist will really copy straight, right?
Is it copy strike us? They did.
I'm not tracking what you're saying at all, young man.
Play the next witch spell. Do it.
What's my life so far? Why always mess with me hard?
Play the kitty girl, cookie girl, chocolate girl, with some in your mouth.
That lyric's wrong.
Listen, ABC, rich on my stuff, but no Patrick.
This reason, but we're fish official, a bunch of girl, meh, and tiki.
I just have to cut it and say some of these rock, and they're wrong.
But that's fine.
Hey Kendall, Kendall.
Do you want to see the worst lyrics according to the internet that Kpop has to offer?
You don't have to. They're on right now.
Just play it. Oh no, it's a whole montage of them.
Guys, we have to rewatch this whole thing with Kendall.
I just realized it's insane that we're not watching it with Kendall.
Sorry.
Sorry not sorry.
Run it back.
Run it back, everyone.
Okay, supposedly these are the worst lyrics in Kpop.
And I'll let you be the judge.
Kendall's a good father.
Some of these are good father.
What's that?
That's G-idle.
Yeah, they don't, none of them know it.
But sometimes we swear without cigarettes.
I think that's kind of beautiful actually.
That's kind of poetic.
If you put that shit in a song, people would be like, oh fuck, that's good.
Some of these are way off. Some of these are the greatest Kpop lyrics of all time.
I also like that one.
I like that one.
I want to blow the balloon that is you.
Oh, the candy one.
I also do like I want to blow the balloon that is you.
I like almost all of these.
That's funny.
Why is that bad?
Which one?
I feel like a million bucks, it must be because of the million bucks.
Oh yeah.
I like that line. That's hilarious.
I feel like a million bucks must be the million bucks.
Some of these are just someone who made this montage having no taste.
Yeah, this is a good line.
All these broads.
That's so cool.
I feel like they're cutting out the middle now and they're just going, it's good to go.
Also, you look like the otto.
It's also super normal.
That's just men being haters.
There's more?
That boogie baby's on top.
This person has no taste.
Yeah, Kendall's review is accurate.
All I learned, excuse me, Mr. President.
Sorry, your modern parlance is affecting me.
I wasn't tracking all of the
insane advanced
wires that you were sending into my ears.
But if I were to
spy a geigerio type with many of those lyrics on them,
I would have to cast it into the fire.
I didn't understand a word of it.
I thought it rocked.
I need to look up horse, horse, horse right now is all that I took from that.
Horse, horse, horse, K-pop.
5.8.
But I just, I get some of those lyrics to 10 for the record.
Where's the horse horse horse part?
Whoa, this guy kinda rocks.
We found the Korean MCK, everybody.
Just kidding, this guy's got way too much style.
Yeah, yeah, this is probably gonna get us.
I'm providing commentary though.
Dude, if that guy yelled chorus, I would be so upset.
In the middle he's like chorus.
Like, ah, I was too late.
That's from five years ago, so he was way ahead of the curve.
That is, um, D-B-O?
D-B-O.
With Lil Adobe.
I can't, I probably already copyright struck myself with just that much of it,
but I needed to hear what was leading up to the horse horse horse.
And I was not disappointed.
I appreciate that he had a fine steed in the video.
I too, with a horse that pure as the driven snow would be yelling,
horse horse horse!
And that's my review.
Thank you, President Lincoln.
Happy to help!
I have to say, I was a big fan of all of these.
Okay, you don't need to keep saying it actually.
I don't think you should have said it the first time.
Age? Is he not an Asian man?
You just don't have to lead with that, Mr. President.
The times are changing!
Okay, uh, that's all the time we have for this particular segment.
Let's go make a terrible song.
We've got a lot of inspiration to work with now.
It's so good to just sing what's on screen in the video.
It is fun.
Horse horse horse?
Yeah, can you pardon me really quick?
Done!
Oh, wow.
I can do it as a ghost president.
My statue of limitations on pardons is unlimited.
Wow.
Oh, we didn't cycle through the presidents, did we?
Um, don't worry.
Hey, what's up, man?
I'm also President Lincoln.
Oh, we got an- we don't worry.
We cycled through them.
Yo, what's up, guys?
It's your boy, PL, haha.
President Liz.
President Lizen!
That's what you go by now?
I go by P. Liz.
What up, man?
Ha.
Shit's crazy.
Stay safe, y'all.
That's all the time we have.
Peter is out.
Yeah!
It's whole morphing, dude.
I'm drinking more.
Wow, it's been a while, everybody.
But you're back where the real artistry happens.
Where the real artist hang out, the DJC4 Studios.
And I, for one, am ready to make another classic.
What even was the request today, though?
It's probably a good question.
I'm contractually obligated to make the hits that you demand.
Yacht Rock song.
You know the normal stuff, piss or something.
Okay.
What counts as Yacht Rock, though?
Horse, horse, horse.
It emerged in the late 1970s, early 1980s,
known for smooth, polished production and mellow,
often R&B jazz-influenced sound.
Okay.
That sounds like I can do that.
No problem.
Of course, of course, of course.
Yes, yes, yes.
Let's do a little bit of a Yacht Rock mix just to get inspired.
Horse, horse, horse, Yacht Rock?
Yeah.
Copyright strikes a bound today.
Back where we started again.
Okay.
We can do that.
There's no reason I can't write a song in a genre
that I wasn't super aware of the definition of.
Horse has a yacht and also something about piss,
but that'll probably work its way in naturally.
Kenny Loggins counts as Yacht Rock?
Okay.
Michael McDonald, all right.
The picture is forming.
We just need to figure out who's singing it,
because there wasn't that particular request,
but Danger Zone is Yacht Rock?
I knew that.
Look, let's send it down to the ghost.
You know what?
First, I'll find him a track.
Yacht Rock instrumental.
Fresh off of YouTube.
Jet Rock.
Hype Train should probably rap about piss.
This is just the two of us.
We need a bad copyright free version.
All right.
Jet writes the best.
I can't get jet.
Look, I can get a lot of people.
I can't get jet.
Hey, guys, look, I know when I'm going to get big dog.
Okay.
And I need a couple more years of experience
for even reach out to jet.
Yacht Rock.
Chicago.
Whatever this will work.
Sure.
Okay.
Send it to the ghost.
Where's the chorus, though?
Where's the chorus?
Let's just see what else there is.
That's good, but what else have they got?
No.
No.
No.
No.
What about this one?
No.
No.
Okay, take it back.
We're going with this one.
Chorus.
Chorus.
So it's a vague song.
I can do that.
Don't worry.
I can do that.
Night girl.
Oh, that's not Yacht Rock.
Yacht Rock, y'all.
That's Yacht Rock.
Do, do, do, do, do.
No, that's too syncopated.
Doesn't Yacht Rock smoother?
I need another Yacht.
I need to get myself in the zone.
I know just the two of us sort of counts, but...
Look, to write Yacht Rock,
I think you have to kind of imagine your dad having sex.
And I'm so ancient that I can't really remember my dad, so...
I guess I'll think of myself as a dad having sex.
Making love to a girl, yeah.
And you know that I like to.
When I have sex, it really feels nice with a girl and me, yeah.
That kind of thing?
Yeah, and there's a sunset involved.
Okay, I think we get it.
Nobody's pissing because it's a nice boat.
We just hold it in the whole time
Until we get to a bar on land.
The lyrics write themselves.
But you can help.
And that's why you're here, chat.
Let's play our track.
And we'll turn it way down just to kind of inspire us.
We're going Yacht Capella.
Yeah, we are.
Okay.
Chat, just write me any kind of vague words
that are sexual but not crazy sexual.
Like sunset, moaning, together.
Again, it can't be...
It can get really close.
Passion, yeah, there we go.
Entwined, horse, climax.
Afternoon, that's another good one.
Grass, take off.
Forever, fantastic supple.
Ooh, beautiful sea lane.
I like that a lot.
Groovin' of waves.
I'm just going to copy and paste this card, king.
This is going straight into the sheet.
Whoo, yeah.
Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh.
You know a groovin' on waves.
Cruisin' to the bay, drop an anchor.
We just want to stay full-smoked.
So supple forever, together.
Entwined in passion forever.
It's the sunrise.
With your day, old mascara lookin' oh so nice.
Palm trees, oh so sand.
Whoo!
I got the aquanet lookin' so good.
Come on and breeze.
Sweat, sweet.
Sweet, sweat, sweet.
You're lookin' oh so sweet and sweat.
Glistening, okay.
Air smells like a little bit like fish.
Air smells a little like fish.
Cognac, beach volleyball, yeah.
Poop deck, y'all.
You know, we're not going to write lyrics this time.
I'm just going to make this list of words
and whoever sings this will figure it out.
I think that sounds fine.
Got the chest hair rollin'.
Lobster, delightful lobster.
Mung- wait, what?
I don't know what that one.
That almost sounds like, maybe I can't say that.
So I'm just going to strike that from the record.
I don't know what it means.
Quasar, shootin' off into a quasar girl.
In the moonlight, sunlight, with the bronzer lookin' so right.
Oh, minge.
That's too sexual.
But I'll put it in anyway.
Also, piss and horse.
I think that's already in there, but just to be safe
because that was the request.
Also the word something.
I'm going to get me something tonight, girl.
Tanned bam, thank you, ma'am.
Okay.
All right.
I think those are enough words for whoever's doing this to sing it.
So we're going to call it there.
And they'll just figure it out.
Oh, that was him saying he's done.
Okay.
Chad, who should sing this?
We're open to it.
Oh, a tiny wizard?
Okay.
We can get a little wizard.
He's really close to the camera, but he's a little Tommy Big Law.
I already booked this tiny wizard now.
Tiny wizard either.
A tiny wizard.
One second, let me back up.
I'm really close to the camera right now.
I'm actually quite a tiny wizard.
Okay.
Sorry.
Let me get into position to sing.
Right.
Wow.
That's a really little wizard.
He's a little guy.
Hey, guys.
Okay.
You ready to do this tiny wizard?
Oh, yeah.
Let's do this thing.
I'm a tiny little wizard and I'm ready to sing.
Wow.
This guy's got some pipes.
Yeah, baby.
Tiny little wizard.
All right.
Let me just set this up for you.
You look good to go.
Sorry.
I usually already have this done, but let me just play some.
Let me play some music really quick while we set this track up for you.
Quantum Tunneling.
Thank you so much for the 18 months.
Okay.
Music.
All right.
All right.
All right.
We used the number one software for music production.
Of course, Adobe Audition recorded directly off of a heavily condensed mic.
Classic music stuff.
You know, you know how it is.
What's it?
What was the last thing we even recorded?
It's been a minute.
What's this one?
Okay.
That's, I guess, the last one we recorded.
Let me just save this.
What was that?
Rob Elvie doing something?
Rob Elvie versus Robbie Love.
That's right.
Don't worry.
I'll get around to finishing the mix on that one.
You never forget your last time.
Exactly.
Wait a minute.
What did I just do?
Okay.
Sorry.
I'm almost set up now.
Rob Elvie.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Okay.
That is, that's not safe.
God.
Okay.
File save is Rob too.
There we go.
All right.
Now we close everything.
Open this.
Then we clear it out.
Okay.
Then we save.
All right.
Now we're good to go.
Ish.
We're almost ready to send it to this tiny wizard.
And tiny wizard, we didn't write any lyrics for you.
We're going to re-style it.
Yeah, that's fine.
That's good.
That's how I like to do it.
We got you a lot of words though.
Oh, that's almost too much, but that's fine.
Okay.
Music power.
What was this called?
Is this it?
Nope.
That is not it.
That's it.
Okay.
It's just a little loud, perhaps.
Okay.
Let's check, check, check.
Let me just test that this is recording.
Test recording.
Test, test, test.
Oh yeah.
You're set, little wizard buddy.
Little wizard man.
You ready to set off on the seas of magical yacht rock?
Little wizard's always ready to do this.
I love to do it, man.
Woo.
Okay.
Let me just a little more yacht rock so I can get in the mood.
I know that whole song.
I know the whole song.
Sounds like it.
Okay.
Here you go, buddy.
I think you're good to go.
Woo.
Sing me down a little bit.
Zoom me in.
Yeah, there we go.
Come on, girl.
Yeah.
Okay, wait.
Sorry.
I was setting up.
Run that back.
Run that back.
I'm in the mood, baby.
Okay.
On a journey with the girl, yeah.
Let's do this.
Tonight, girl, you know it's a safe bet.
I got you moaning together.
It's a sunset passion and we're so entwined.
I'm gonna climax afternoon style.
I'm feeling so fine.
Yeah, that passion.
It's an afternoon grass takeoff and I still haven't learned my lesson.
Okay.
She's so supple on a sea lane grooving on the waves as I'm cruising on the bay.
And I'm driving in her baby because you know what may.
Won't you just stay?
Yeah.
Won't you just stay, girl?
Tonight, I'm gonna give you something.
I'm gonna give you something, something.
You know I'm gonna give you something, baby girl.
Come here.
Let me give you that something.
I'm so entwined in the climax forever in the palm trees and sand with the aquanet looking
so good because you know that I, yes I can.
Okay.
I feel the morning breeze and the moonlight glistening with the sweat and the sunset.
Air smells just a little bit like fish.
But cognac beach tonight I'm gonna give.
You know I'm gonna give you something, girl.
Can I just give you something like bronzer with a little bit of Minjun piss?
That horse got me tanned as a bam thank you man.
And you know that I'm feeling the twist.
Do the twist, girl.
Coaster loves coaster.
That's an old song but you know what I say it is never is wrong when the day old man's
scarice is just a-
I'm giving you something, a wizard with something.
Not listening about piss for the last 30 seconds.
It's in the sea.
I'm too scared to piss off the boss.
The answer is my pants.
The answer is my-
The answer is my-
The answer is my heart, girl.
Horses.
Okay.
That'll- that's good enough.
That counts.
That counts.
Yeah I know.
Do you wanna do any ad libs?
I think you did all nonsensical ad libs so we're just gonna say it's good to go.
I can say horses more.
Nah I think we can use the last time you said horses throughout.
Thank you little wizard.
You really did it.
Thanks baby.
It's my pleasure to bring you all the love and life from the wizard dimension.
I've got an endless supply of Cheerios but if you eat them you'll turn into the bee from Honey Nut Cheerios.
And that is my warning.
Okay.
You want some Cheerios?
Nah I'm okay.
There's infinite of them but you'll turn into the bee.
Yeah I got it.
You're a little wizard.
You can't say that.
You can't say that.
What do you mean I can't say that?
I can't say that.
I've just said a bunch of crazy shit and I can't even say that.
Oh no.
But we are gonna find someone to raid and get out of here for the day.
Thank you all for hanging out for another whatever this was.
It looks like Static Slater is on.
And still do.
We haven't raid still do in a while.
We're gonna make a recommendation raid for tonight case.
You know what sinister nephew?
Absolutely Ken.
Who you got?
Who you got?
Hit us with it.
Just don't...
As long as it's not like asmical.
You know maybe you should raid asmical.
Doctor Diggity Dank.
Okay sure.
Doctor Diggity Dank.
Okay.
Doctor Diggity Dank is playing Jack Fox Party games.
That sounds exceedingly wholesome.
But who knows it could be incredibly nasty.
And it's up to you to decide to...
Have fun with Doctor Diggity here.
Get us linked up.
We're linking in.
Unfortunately I do have to go.
Basically now.
So I can't...
I can't really say hi even.
But give Doctor Diggity all my best.
I hope he's having fun.
And I'm gonna ship it off so I can immediately take a shower.
Cause how hard I put it down?
Exactly little wizard.
It was you who did that to me.
But have a great night everyone.
Have a beautiful weekend.
We'll be back on Monday with more of stuff.
And you know we'll mix these tracks down.
Cause we gotta have a big playlist for that pre-stream.
This is going in there at some point.
See you soon guys.
Thanks for hanging by by.
Oh Quatum Tunneler also.
I might have missed your resub.
If I did apologies.
Let me just shut these out really quick.
In case I missed any.
Oh young buck thank you guys for the...
I'm gonna for the follow.
Steve thank you for the follow.
Big Jada thank you so much for the 800 bits.
And Marcus thank you for the follow.
As well as Xander for the sub.
Okay that's it.
I think I got everybody.
That's all we got for now.
Bye bye everyone.
Woo!