Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom.
Adam, I don't know.
You arrived instantly, though.
And I'm just here staring at you.
I'm sorry.
And I can't be stopped.
Boom, boom.
But to play some lethal company, I think.
Or fancy?
Is fancy ready?
Okay.
JFC.
Jesus feeling cool.
It's lethal time.
I didn't do my normal stream,
so I got to play a lethal company.
You know how it is.
Boom, boom, boom.
So let's check on the ship so far.
Oh my God.
Look at this.
The plugs.
Yeah.
Totally empty ship.
Boom.
Late night lethal cream, yeah.
I just can't help myself.
Honestly, if Kendall says she's down,
I'll be down once for real.
I keep hearing this creepy laugh on my end.
I think it's me on a loop somehow.
I don't know what's doing it, though.
It's kind of disconcerting.
Good to see Anthony.
Good to see a skimer.
Good to see a junk dog, gearless Joe.
And no man.
Kendall, you ready to do this?
Look at her.
She's powering up.
Dun, dun, dun.
Into the soundproof container.
If that laugh really isn't an endless loop,
it's going to freak me out when we're running
around these facilities.
There's a cricket.
Okay.
Can I get it later?
I bet I can't, but I need to get it now.
Oh my God, she got it.
You guys want to see a cricket somehow?
Um, um, I don't know how to show you guys.
Oh, a skate.
I see it.
Got him?
Did he die?
See, this is how you not kill crickets.
Case always kills crickets when we have crickets in here, bro.
Okay.
Well, there you go.
Yeah, dude, this is your shirt.
Totally legit to wear in any context now.
I could wear it in a commercial.
As far as I know, I'm going to assume that's a fact.
This area is flooded with crickets.
I'm just going to invite everybody to play.
Everybody that says they're online is getting an invite.
Yeah, there we go.
I don't know what.
Kendall, did you ask Fancy?
She says, hold on, I'm in the bathroom.
Fine.
Let's play a different DRM free track.
What else I got?
We might be doing a small crew tonight.
A small crew company.
Hello, Mr. Opiepupu.
Anybody wants to play?
You are, of course, more than welcome.
I, uh, not sure how long we'll be playing.
We'll get going in just a sec.
Looks like Amir might be joining us.
We'll be here shortly.
Bite the gum.
Here, good catchers.
Make sure you have the body.
Kendall's in here.
Hello.
I was going to say I could just turn on my boom box,
but I can't even.
That until we land.
Excuse me, miss.
Yes.
Okay.
Hello.
Oh, we have stuff in here.
Yeah.
Can we keep it up without 30 people playing?
I don't know.
Maybe with Fancy, we can just win.
Hey, Amir, how's it going?
All right.
How's it going?
Maybe we should get going in just a sec.
I have a question in case you said you watched Creperian.
Does that mean you used to play Hearthstone?
Oh, I used to play so much Hearthstone.
Wait, what do you mean used to?
Oh, yeah, I still play Battleground.
Right on.
So have you given Marvel Snap a go?
Given what a go?
Marvel Snap.
I have.
I played Marvel Snap for about two months.
Shockingly, it didn't addict me the same way,
though I played it quite a bit in those two months.
I think I just kind of got burnt out on online card games.
I still play magic occasionally, if anybody's down.
But usually I just like to play it in person.
I've played the online version of Magic,
but not as much as in person.
Mods are nice.
I got a new coil head mod.
We'll see if it works as it kills us.
Kendall texts Fancy.
Tell him to hurry.
He's coming.
He's coming.
He's got a hurt and he doesn't actually have to hurry.
There's no actual rush.
Not when I can point and dance.
This company's ready.
The company's got to go.
I will purely for ceremony throw my friend code in the chat
in case anybody wants to join.
It feels only right.
I'd also like to shout out Kendall for getting me
a foot massager for Christmas that my feet are currently in.
One way of saying she never wants to touch your feet.
Oh, she definitely.
Oh, I'm so outwardly against feet.
Yeah, Kendall doesn't like feet.
Sorry, haters.
I mean, good news, haters.
Fancy, how's it going?
Dealing with D&D stuff.
Oh, shit.
D&D drama or D&D fun?
Let's just say Ash is the worst at keeping track of his character
and didn't realize he had access to like 20 other spells.
Ash.
Yeah.
Oh, wait, can Ash play?
Can Ash play what?
This game.
Oh, yeah.
He said he would, but he's also like,
I need to actually do my freelance work.
So I don't know what he says.
That's fair.
Oh, also, if you want to join, you need the bigger lobby mod.
It's a little bit of a process to get it,
but you just have to download the Thunder Store app
and then get the bigger lobby mod and Beppin.
Push to talk.
Because I'm talking to like five other people.
Okay, that's fair.
Get out of this game.
I'm good.
I'm still going to talk.
I think if you install bigger lobby,
it'll include the other two mods automatically
that you need with it.
Oh, that's nice.
Anyway, Thunder Store is the real thing you need.
It makes getting mods for this game super easy.
So easy that even I can do it.
Right.
Capital.
What?
Would you say?
Yeah, exactly.
What?
Okay.
Let's say let's do a planet.
See how it's going.
Oh, we have to land and return stuff anyway, actually.
Okay.
Now, I think we're not going to hit quarter of it.
A thousand?
We can hit a thousand.
With this elite strike crew,
how could we be stopped?
Honestly, having a bunch of people is holding us back.
We need the actual appropriate amount
the game, the amount the game requests
that you play with.
Four.
What is this fish?
I sent a request to us away.
I can't tell he's actually on though.
What?
Watch out.
It's open.
It's open.
I think in a good way.
It's open.
It's hungry.
All right.
I think that's everything.
Nope.
Well, we really did the quota.
Yeah, we got this.
We're good at the game.
I've been playing it so much,
I have to be at least better at the game.
All right.
483.
Yeah, see?
We're rich.
We're fucking rich.
What else do we need?
We have kind of everything we need.
It's single walkie because we only have one just to pair it up.
I'll just get a bunch of walkies.
They're cheap.
Anything on sale?
One's too slight.
We need a loud horn because we don't have it.
We may as well get four pro.
And do we still have an extension ladder?
Okay.
Do we have enough shovels?
Oh, I don't have clothes on here.
You know, we need more shovels.
One shovel?
We have a shovel.
There we're good.
We got four shovels on the way now.
Shovels for days.
Kyle, do you feel like playing?
If you're in the mood,
you can go 88 kiles per hour straight to one of these moons.
Bum bum bum ba da da da da
What?
Why's this on?
How dare it?
We got to organize this thing.
Yeah.
But yeah, I got a shit little walkie talkies.
Okay.
Yeah, but I want to store this.
I want them all stored down here.
Yeah, they should do MLK or they should do some kind of Irish drinking song
covered in sham racks, you know.
It's got to jump from holiday to holiday.
An MLK one would be.
People might get more upset with that one,
but you know I'd say that's a next level choice okay I think we're good okay so are you gonna be
streaming your improv show this Saturday night uh no no that's it's not um set up by me so
it's just like a little it's just a little thing I do once a month
there's only three of us on here oh no there's four of us okay let's do it did you say you asked
this way I could text him to ask I asked him it's uh on steam it's not a way to just be
indirect about it well I mean it says he's online it says he's currently playing vr chat yeah that's why
you text okay I'll text I will text quote is so high for so little of us we just will
feel a greater sense of responsibility this game wasn't meant to be played uh with poor people
I think you're supposed to have at minimum 10 but we'll try all right moves Titan is good to go
all right all shovel crew we could all take shovels we're kind of rich given that there's
only four of us all right let's do this let's kill every single no endless company is misleading
sorry sinister dev you're right this will probably be more like a two-hour companies
endless in the sense that endless people can join I'll take a shovel to whatever oh yeah I should
turn on that quote is the drop rate is increased yeah it is that's what I've noticed gonna need
to see some hard data on that um just to be just to confirm I'll get you an excel spreadsheet
by the end of the day thank you so much Amir that's just so appreciated a painting
it's gotta go outside while data right there that's true data point wait oh I ran right by okay
walk doors right here and let's just double check that there isn't a red soda
everyone's favorite color every flavor everyone's favorite flavor red
that's like upstairs kind of promising yeah dryer the most valuable item in the game
yeah it's like these halls keep going like their full trip um I don't have that much stuff if you want
to though someone running stuff down is probably smart oh hello let's go a little further in and
then we'll run stuff down just get a little more killed by some see we're rewarded with robots
who it's not talking okay v type engine anything else let's check this room then we'll grab that
v type engine on the way back airbrush oh comedy mask wow we got master days
fuck it turned on uh no I think we just grabbed that v type engine and tried to go back
yeah I could drop a shovel but I could drop a hot shovel
oh another engine ready to join you once we're in space we'll uh check on if people want to join again
okay um I'll drop the shit and run that stuff down see if I can get the basics engines out here
okay okay we're already almost there almost oh yeah big red is a drink
it's been replaced in my brain by code red
let's see how dead everybody is oh you got it what was that nice oh shit wow
oh my god there's so much shit in here all right let's start running all this shit out Jesus
yeah Amir girl oh he's haunted I gotta get that stuff that room was so rich in goodies
hey son of a bitch I'm not fighting you I'm gonna run stuff instead of fighting that
you're haunted I'm gonna see if I can make it back up I've seen her in a lot pretty good hole
if we win the league now yeah I mean we should just try to keep one of us alive I'm gonna turn
the light off I like the Christmas lights thank you thank you okay I guess we lost the other two
shit it's the strongest run ever yeah we should have teleported them I was too afraid to turn
around because the girl uh I don't know like what the hell I didn't get back until we were already
taking off like I jumped in and the ship took off so what the hell does Amir call me he was haunted
oh girl guys look how much money I made I did try to teleport you but it was too late because
we were already in the air I am what I'm trying to say is I'm blameless no one blame me I'm
plain it is oh shit actually oh fuck rads I totally forgot next level I'm all hyped up on
actually doing well for a run um late company only works in space I needed to invite people
in space and I immediately slammed the button and my alerts are back on that's one thousand
thanks so much for the sub we're rich already slam slam I don't know my greatest adversary
you and me again beam so far the beam is mostly undefeated against me spooky mug
oh hello there's a front door right around here
yeah the fire exit is just that jump and a few items that way spooky
you want to jump this beam this is my number one look hello good stuff I could bring down yeah
um should I come with you and grab a walkie
I'll come with you and grab a walkie put back this shovel I'm a pacifist we're kind of rich
yeah who else has a walkie just you and me baby hey uh I saw a cool girl at the
ship just was wondering if um you know her damn also you don't have to wait in the ship we could
just have walkies unfortunately there's a nutcracker right at the entrance yo I am in danger there's
a nutcracker at the entrance yeah I heard it I mean I can try to kill it but I don't have
any way to skirt hey I'm a secret yeah there's a head bug somewhere around here what you know the
thing that sucks your brain juice and kills you oh thank you thank you thank you it's a rubber
ducky magnifying glass nice I have a rubber ducky in a magnifying glass just want to let you know
oh my god that end that end wait a minute how's that at that end I can't be right
oh it's not it's going on with you slime
damn that's a lot of blood oh I'm haunted yep I'm haunted do you know the way out
oh wait take my stuff take my stuff thanks baby all right go through the door
it's time to be on door duty he said thank you I was gonna try to get that stuff out but I'm
honestly fine just doing this thing with the door I think that mirror just died
oh damn there is a nutcracker and a bunch of other stuff we actually already made
quote almost I did duck through the duck let's get out of here if I could tank the slime yeah
it actually kills you surprisingly quickly okay now that I'm in space if anybody wants to play
I can't invite you hello okay we just need a hundred more uh George you're welcome to join
I can throw my that level but we're so close to the to the what's it called
by a blob a jack-in-the-box and one of the hoarder bugs and the hoarder bug is the one that
killed me because it sprayed me with no way that's pretty funny that's blocking my exit man what's
the talkie mod it's active talkie or something why did you get beamed up hello ash yeah why did Kasey
Kase just goes take my stuff and I'm like wait what well I said I said I'm haunted and Kendall
immediately teleported me oh which honestly I'm fine with how's your freelance job would you do
uh not enough I thought we started my computer because I don't know what I did but when I started
my computer I did something weird and it just was like running at like 15 FPS the walkie
about his walkie use and I also have flashlight toggles I'm gonna just say the thing you usually
tell me is like are you stud is your stuff updated I restarted my computer it's fine no oh damn okay
it's just something that started the computer it like it said why you do this and then it just
was like I'm gonna this is the frame right now hold on there's rads hello I think I tried to exit
out of discord while it was starting oh yes we have the bigger lobby mod that's when you actually have
to have to play with us or you'll get an error yeah and you need to we use thunderstorms the easiest
way and then you have to launch it using thunderstorm which you might already have I don't know okay
let's see if I invite you if it works all right guys we have one more day to make 100 100
100 it seems it seems low but like it seems impossible I've seen I've definitely seen
things go wrong yeah they can do that your scan includes an apparatus bruiser how's it going
uh hello the heck oh good yep good nice I think it does what did you just plug it into what what
did you guys not get the radiation thing oh I did yeah oh did you guys really you did yeah yep
you picked you picked up the thing and it gave you the radiation
we all have radiation poisoning now I was wondering what that loud humming noise was
um I'm gonna go sun to sun if anybody else wants to join you can join every time we're in space
just let me know that's so funny I like when I see
all right the sound
I'm just going flashlight all
because I know you're doing something
cool yeah but I'm not working
Kenneth says hi Kendall who Kenneth oh does Kenneth want to play he works for FBE now by the way
he works for FBE yeah he's what does he do
wait come here Nathan social media he does social media for yeah he's the social put
yeah he's the social media coordinator for FBE now coordinator can you tell him this is the
tell Raven I'm the hide and the tell jump nothing nothing I have to jump my least favorite part of
the game but I don't want to wait what's this way I don't have to jump oh god another jump
what's this way uh-huh a safe door oh my god I want to be the jump so bad
hey the death room let's go in there in a sec my new mission is to first do the things that don't
kill me a fish a painting oh my god a mask can you take the mask are you full
something yeah what do I have what's this brush worth 15 that's nothing I have to sacrifice you I don't
know the painting's the main thing we have to take we'll take it all right I'm gonna run the
shit back no more reckless rogue I mean I'm going sort of rogue I just some yeah some what actually
getting stuff for once so it feels wrong honestly hello Matt we're doing good
feeling good feeling great oh these guys are in great shape watch this backwards sprinting
up the stairs I couldn't do that there's a jack in the box winding up all right exciting I don't
I think there's people inside hmm a lot of people are out I think fancy's in there oh no
there's a jack in the box winding up in there he's good he's good I need a shovel I'm going to get
a shovel Nancy is dead oh shit are we out of shovels my person does nobody has a shovel
no shit the masked guys are oh you have a shovel all right I mean we got to go fight a masked
guy if we're going to get more stuff we'll go back in be sure that if it seems too dangerous
just leave so we don't lose it's time to bravely tell Amir to fight this thing uh oh oh shit
watch out he's right here one up the stairs pretty fucking oh there's two of them
oopsie shit we better go we gotta go just leave I got confused and did not help Amir at all
I feel like I'm still getting like invisible
visible people every once in a while hmm I don't know you know last year apparently she's been done
I hate that she literally looked forward to your oh I'm just in a discord call with Kenneth
if you would have hashed this out feel free no maybe maybe in a different time that's the warhorn
yeah have we ever tried to horn against the dogs
I think it just subtracts it to the ship
so this email sent her was in June last year I have no idea what you were talking about
so she quit July
sounds like she just didn't want to do anything
dude is that that's it oh I was I got the shit in
whoo I hear a screaming phone
so no it's just in her
we need jules we're in desperate need of jules long lost it
she said if that doesn't work let him know and he'll get you some different information
wow that's so nice but you've gotta find it
could you tell him about the June July thing
he's gonna ask somebody to work tomorrow about something too
anything else
stun grenade boom back got that jump there now
interviewer spray paint
guys I might get my old job back
we got a tv
oh we got tv boy
so weird having somebody that works for FBE that was on like
baby's react and is now the social media producer
I'm gonna get smushed
and I'm not even like we're
just having a work agreement argument
dude they should put family matters on here on lube
even though it's this lore
if the crew member is stressed strike a question like
now is your day thank you for your cooperation and happy travels
we're gonna use your information
I think I ordered more stuff did I not
do we pick up the zap gun
oh okay then I guess we got everything
should I get more flash
oh that's such a good episode actually
yeah we can get a tv fee isn't that crazy
I didn't know
this tv was worth it
I'll go watch the full episode for you after I got this shit
I think it's a pretty short loop honestly
yeah the tv isn't new but it's new to me
push shovels on sale
if the crew member is stressed strike a question like
how was your day thank you for your cooperation and happy travels
we're leaving where's ash
if an entity has come in contact with a crew member please refrain from our immediate self-defense
okay we're taking off the crew member the follower is the entity being aggressive are you injured
I don't know if you turn it on and off does it do anything
oh just running the same thing
if the crew member is stressed strike a question like how was your day
you give it a soundtrack
did it not give me tighten
holy moly look at that quote of 17 million
okay so 222 dollars if anybody wants anything
is there another literally happening everything that you could ever want
but we don't have a jack or maybe a tail we don't have a shower
now we do the entity being aggressive are you injured do you need assistance what is this
it's a shower yes you begin your self-defense if the crew member is stressed strike a question
like how was your day thank you for your cooperation and happy travels
oh
the shower hides you what if it makes you invincible the dog it hides your tears that's what it's for
yeah oh that's very important yeah it can't do when you're crying if you're rich
we're in the final stages now where we can buy whatever we want but we're definitely about to
die i mean usually there's like four thousand dollars on these current stages right yes yeah it's
just it's just impossible to find it yeah it's just so monster riddle that usually can't get
everything it's mazy around here watch out doesn't sound okay yeah that's uh not correct or which i
guess could be up here also all right a murder mask sure that murder mask great news
well that's just a loop kindle is very pro shower kindle hates the shower though in this game all right
well maybe one of us should run stuff back i can run it back if you want
whatever you have i'll just drop my other shit nice all right good luck i'll come back
again all right i feel like a bro sometimes you sing in the shower sometimes you let out your
gurgling chance as the water gets to the right temperature yeah i saw i'm completely serene
i'm actually doing a three tone monk chant every time i'm in the shower
i can't do it because i'm not in the shower hey hello hey yes yes yes oh my god
wait i have to stay up yes yes i love you put it on my on my index finger
thank you i'll start for safekeeping do you want to get beamed in with me um i would be
abandoning a mirror who i left to die but yeah let's do it okay this is love baby together forever
we're married now as i was teleported damn i'm surprised we ran into each other though
it's meant to be kindle oh my god so much stuff like eight toothpaste is anybody on the
ashes on the ship okay damn we need to get a lot of stuff too if it had been the right type wall
we would have been so good if it had just been the right type of wall we would have been so set
it did yeah it shot you through the door somehow i don't even know if you do that
oh oh does he have anything that amir is about to get not crackered he's about to get cracked
i think he's actually pretty close to the exit though oh this is where we got got oh i saw it
it just blows him open when it runs up to him i know it's that way amir i'm here it's that way
oh we saw it all happen cv look amir but cv lets me thank you so much for this sub
yeah you were in a rough spot fancy is near the end uh fireworks but i don't know if he knows that
he is fancy is the only one left in i'm amazed fancy doesn't have a shovel
oh oh i think he knows the way can we see sonic again
shit i can't add it without remaking but yes um next time we play or if we remake i will add that
horrific mod it oh oh my god he made it they're letting fancy know he's late for dinner
i do have the knuckle suit i don't have it on right now though i'm not sure which suit i have on
i have the curbie suit on maybe oh we're going is everyone in
someone just left we're going sorry i can get more money oh
oh
you wanted that shovel back so bad ash
there were a lot of items in there um i found so many of them yeah the nutcracker was just there
to murder us near most of the items oh really weird yeah i think there was a bug
yeah shower it off shower the pain away what's the gift wants to open the gift
i don't know tighten is fine again the goku mod is on he was a sparkly clean nutcracker
beautiful teeth huge teeth oh yeah baby give you your sweet bitty teeth inside this guy where
he takes to the hundred in honor of that hundred i'm gonna find a hundred in the game batteries i found
batteries nobody uses his walkie talkies i'll take one anybody want to be on walkies you don't
have to stay in the ship but if anybody wants to take one you should always be a guy in the
ship with walking it's honestly it's annoying to switch to and when you're out scavenging
it's like one fewer items well yeah well i'm gonna take one for the hell of it i'm on walkies
i'll just drop stuff we're so rich we have to make so much money that we can just keep
buying new stuff eventually we can have nothing but zap guns everybody gets their own zap gun
whoa hello the turret and the core yeah there is is there anything else what's up
oh there's the door any items over here no
is that side real quick okay take it easy gun hey could you could you turn off the turret
where i am anybody if anybody's in the ship thank you okay even i can't fuck this up
whoo oh i can oh my god another turret jesus uh oh a mirror is still alive
you're good a mirror yeah jeez place is dangerous
yes it is okay hey a present is there a door up there there's another turret
all right i'll run some stuff back and handle spot yellow yeah what was the adamantine
shield option i gave you one was a shield bash and the other one was uh advantage
i'm sleeping you're discussing dnd in there there have to be mods coming out every day at this point
as you hear the new juice world on m&m inspiring freestyle i did i should check that out i've not
heard anything from m&m and a bit honestly i can step on a walkie cushion and it works like
ringing the bell on the top on the shop wait ring the bell on the shop moon oh whoa pretty next level
all right it's time to get more stuff thank you i'm guessing there's still more turrets
um i guess let's not grab the apparatus yet
double turret triple triple turret in this room by the door i'm just gonna i'm gonna try to sprint
through and open the door i'm gonna i'm gonna try to sprint through and just open the door
there's nothing it's a dead end
huh that's a dead end and let's close this oh there's no door all right okay we gotta go
either down the stairs or to the right i'll go down the stairs this is promising usually
not today i should keep my free i should actually try to get slightly better
freestyling considering i keep doing it uh oh i'm here are you alive
okay there's nothing down there
right thumb yeah i hear a thumb for maybe we should just yank the apparatus and
leave all right yeah the glitch wall is so rare it feels like okay where's this
fucking gun oh he turned it off for us i guess all right there's a dog by the way cv loves you
what is happening five subs thank you so much i don't know why i'm whisper
this game inspires me to wispy to send some of that love my way
it's easy it's internet day oh let's sincerely thank you so much cv loves you
titan's a clip should we do it
or should we just actually hit the quota because we're close
i guess let's just hit it but we have to go to
i'm gonna reverse hellhawk then if we're doing any clips
oh um well i i just sent us to about our set different planet like a coward i regret it immediately
grab hit the button i have to wait till we land oh we're doing that wow i can't use the terminal
the terminal uh someone else is oh i can't see as much as on it it's just he's over there
don't go for it i can't see that i can't see anybody i'm not seeing all the players weird
standing over here uh terminal usually is there's 14 objects 937 we just need
is anybody on walkies seems like a no it's just twiddling his shovel like a psycho
bees that's exciting that's an exciting future death for all of us if we get the bees though
we basically hit quota i am the old man from home alone you're right this is gonna fire exit
hello they're playing like me they're too scared to jump
locked i have no choice but to jump oh god the worst type
well hello
anybody has a key there's a locked door at the fire exit
that's right past me nothing in this room i have a cooking mold pan but i do not trust
jumping
this way past the fire exit to the left
but it's a spooky jump of death i'll keep going this way
cv loves you if you have a freestyle request
i'm honor bound to uh do it so happy to do whatever
okay uh does anyone have a flashlight so i can see
i'm not sure what a restyle m&m restyle style i'm not actually sure what that is
i'm showing my ignorance potentially but i don't know what that is
can i rap like that i i don't know i mean probably not seeing as i don't actually know what it means
i'm familiar with early m&m freestyles i just didn't know
so can i freestyle i mean debatable freestyle type well okay i'll look it up i'll look it up for you
wait excuse me bugs you want to fuck damn it feels bad when they're saying yippie
hello you looking for an exit yeah um there's one back through this way and then there's one
they have to jump to i think i can sort of take you to either i think this is the
this uh normal exit way that's a beehive if we wanted to try that later i'm down to die
sweet i'm guessing they've already been this way yeah that is very cute how they say yippie i'm guessing
this is a dead end too oh or yes well they didn't go this way surprising or they closed the store
okay oh they didn't go this way see the m90s freestyle i have not seen that either
i already mean him freestyling in the 90s because i have seen clips of that
huh well i'm gonna run this stuff back because i guess we have a lot of stuff
and then we can go for the beehive and and kill everyone screams collected screams
where are those bees bees please here right just go here until you get back yeah i'm gonna
leave this stuff in so fast wait who has what the plushies i don't have the plushies at the
critters if that's what she means if you look i wish there's a door
or
it's just like a dead end that got closed off let's go get some bees uh-oh what are you
the bees are already gone uh cb loves you thank you so much sorry i was insanely
be focused another five seriously just let me know i don't i don't know what the
restyle thing is but i will look it up and i will make an attempt if it's some extremely
complicated way to freestyle though we'll see we'll see if i can actually pull it off
yo i cannot believe i made it back did somebody grab the bees yeah i saw them running with the
bees i don't know if they made it did they help you guys just kind of hanging out i think he's
dead then but he's just turning every once in a while look all right i'm gonna go out there and
look for him okay yeah he's moving why didn't he wait for me okay i have no idea where i'm here
what just the bees all right okay we'll try to go for him okay now we probably can't
do we want to try to go for the bees no i mean it'll eat a few of us probably
nah all right i'm gonna start shit i'm here would you where'd you go yeah we only have 21 bucks
well someone i grew the bees and i took my shot and didn't get caught with the hive so just dropped
it nice he came after you twice oh my god i'm glitching out the fancy was the laziest oh i was
definitely not that's how we do we made it we're over
honestly this is the i think this might be the highest we've ever gotten a quota if we get it to
2000 we broke 2k well if we do
can i bitch i gotta look up some of these restyle
see piss did we piss them off
do this this is very strong cast of cat energy
here i'll let you do it kendall i feel like you're good at it
can't believe it's already full that's crazy oh my god your hard work is invaluable to the company
what can be pretty close close oh jeez
uh like 15 anything i would love to sell yeah i did love you oh my gosh oh my god
i'm getting to feel like a sub god sub god uh thank you so much cv it's always mind blowing
i appreciate it i'll be i'm gonna be looking up these restyle tonight figure out what it means
i'll be making an attempt tomorrow i think this might be full don't squish me
is this one uh thing left got it um we're still rich right yep
i mean let's get a tzp i've never gotten it let's get the tzp stun grenade and a radar booster
and spray paint free nice all right whatever it's enough crap parade our booster
i don't know i have no idea maybe it makes you just run really fast i got done
yeah i'm just buying random shit no honestly all right let's leave i guess whatever
you're all right i'm back oh i said we're leaving and yet i bought all these spray paint
they might be leaving without you know why do we have here we got spray paint
i don't know is it heal you maybe we're just so rich that figured why not
you know what i'm gonna use it i'm gonna get hurt i'm gonna take the inhaler and i'm gonna get
healed i was in the shower the entire time i can't do it again did you hit yourself hide your
tears oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh one inch feet hide your tears that's a worthy transmit
message all right i'm taking off
the hook gun mod that's pretty exciting
that last clip i sent you about the new crackers i was so like 1859
man that's too easy i want a batman grappling hook good to hear oh shit 2231 all right can we do it
yes we can we're five of the builders
but not the new one that's really creepy looking the old one that was claymation
so that's creepy looking i started to do that i was in the jetpack i could have just bought a
jetpack honestly maybe that was the move some people put the teleporter in and then
two people stand at the entrance you guys want to teleport in i'm gonna teleport in
what was not teleporting in take this uh radar thing i'll take it up
cb loves you thank you so much look organized
bye friends where's the radar booster somebody took it i take a stun gun
take a stun gun i feel powerful holding this i better wrap i guess i could grab the boom box
and just try to wrap or run it's gonna annoy this shit out of all the other everyone else in this game
but are y'all firing hello i gotta go check hello i gotta look at this restyle thing
motivational wrapper hello whoop turret fracking room let's see what's over there
present the bathroom has stuff in it lately it's exciting more maze more present okay
let's all run this stuff out because we're still near the entrance at least i think we are
is that the entrance yeah it's gotta be right run and drop bars i'll run this stuff downstairs
i'll grab a boombox i don't even know i can wrap over this beat it's gonna be a slightly low energy
wrap though what teleport you look at fancy on stream oh i see fancy what do you what do you need
oh okay we're using the cheat walkies all right okay i can wrap over this
gotta turn it up though whoever's blocking the toilet head thank you that was me uh
ain't bailing on him and leaving him dead i'm locking people forward the coil hey yeah
wrapping lazy because i don't care i'm wandering my stupid ass straight up these big stairs i get
hard but i always get fatter fucking wrapping my way in i'm climbing up the ladder i'm the best
if you catch my gist i'm fucking screaming through this place through the fire exit okay
checking doors i don't care about you horrors i'm fucking love this game like i'm doing some chores
i mean damn i got that money man i might go and sell a red soda can the only man in this
facility who fucks dropping fucking goku's because i don't give a fuck i think i see a
fucking bracken in the corner what's up bracken baby yeah show me some love
what it fucking do coming through trying to find a goku oh my god my man amir we running through
the facility show no fear i think i see some steam let's wander in it's like a damn dream
alerting all the monsters with the scream fucking candle dead it's the team oh my god i'm
definitely dead he doesn't want to sit holy shit there's a lot of corpses oh my god okay um damn
i better pick up some stuff these fucking monsters ain't getting enough i'm seeing goku in the
corner and i'm getting kind of horny um what else okay let's try to play the game still all
right all right all right fucking rapping for life sprinting through this place i don't
fucking drop ever drop the fucking boom box the monsters yeah they know they run a scare
these fucking sick rhymes leaving all impaired all right shitty fucking freestyle but i'm
gonna be doing this for a while that's i'm playing oh my god
goku please stay away from me i love you ultra instinctly and there's a dog outside that means
with my rap i will definitely die why is it fucking getting screened terry okay i i have to i have to
actually pay attention for two seconds or i'm definitely oh god oh god i can guess his job now
damn it's harder to play this game while freestyling
oh my god the bracket's right behind him i'm here i'm here fucking goku's chasing me down
turn around turn around
damn it's just fancy and radium
fancy's gotta port himself in we gotta make some money fancy it's a big quota
yeah we'd need 700 at least let's beat around
we probably made 200
we we can get surprised by those uh
they're really nice i think between you and i kendo we had at least like
i was honestly pretty close to the exit if i wasn't playing like a total idiot i should
let me get it yeah i didn't i didn't realize we were that close to the exit when we step on that
uh oh they should really close the door is he just walking in
yeah he's good he wants the shovel i think all right will radium live on the ship my gosh
uh oh what's that mean what are they even going after right now i don't know i think fancy's
just going for more just trying to get the monsters to go oh my god they're right here let's do a
monster check in turret jester send the bug a dog a blob this guy who killed me well not exactly
oh my god no cracker oh i have the coil head mod on to make them weeping angels right
i you know i'll make that a sub goal that actually does make sense and i completely
forgot to update the sub goal i'll just say every 15 subs all do a freestyle death run
oh
dude it's because it's goku on my end it's so satisfying whenever he kills somebody
why on earth literally not even give me like a warning man wait warning oh the brakin
died oh yeah that's how it goes sometimes
where's the ultrate instinct music bro give me something
okay so let me tell you what happened i teleported in right at the beginning into oct room
the apparatus room was right there but it was also locked and i was basically like waiting
until someone would notice that i wasn't doing anything yeah and then i started like
yelling like to teleport me and then somehow i ended up the the only one alive
why was that brakin soaked in aggro tighten his stormy but i think we have to do it anyway
there was something in the area that i was in but hey it's me goku oh that's not supposed to be
50 it's supposed to be 15 i was looking at it we just chased you ready for it well i'm going to score
me i'm going to beat them getting yeah bmus all right see me in here
best of luck
a large axle okay like this is the way back to the entrance there's a lights around
dude goku killing me i should i should make some uh oh my god
what the fuck i have to find the entrance i'll take them later oh my god
guys can you hear me can you guys hear me there's so much shit in here it's crazy
hello we need to find it we need to find exit man oh fuck we're so we're so screwed
no don't do it don't do that there buddy okay
hello there's a jack in the box anybody know the exit oh no i don't know
oh my god it's doing it shit we're so fucked y'all people hello exit
i hear exit we need an exit there's a jack in the box there's a jack in the box
fighters fighters follow me follow me i can't really run because i have so much stuff drop something i'll
pick it up i only i only have this i can keep up more or less we gotta teleport i guess everybody out
oh my god we're actually gonna get this stuff out holy shit that's insane we're missing one
wait is it not stormy no it just went off i'm gonna go for it i'm running to you put that on
uh we made so much in there all right i'm gonna run back jacking i think this the coach should just
be jacking okay there's nothing i gotta get a walkie actually well do i yes i can't tell anybody else
coming sure i'm gonna try to go in
damn we like need a shovel there's a dog shovel right there where's the shovel
right here oh it's right here okay right
okay i'm critical but it is dead
oh there's a bracket um i feel like can't walk normally there's also a jester somewhere
oh there's a live spider i just want to find that room that we were in that had so much shit
oh and some what um is this the exit yeah yeah that's mean heard someone talking
was it a little girl no is this a dead end i guess we have to fight the spider but i'm definitely
gonna oh there's a coil head i think it killed a mirror i did i thought i heard a pop though
well maybe we should just get out of here well we have to we have such a high quota i don't really
know what to do does someone want to try to kill the spider too critical you're critical
oh there's the jack oh my god the shit what's the way out
it's a dead end i think it's this way amir
oh shit did he die i think he died it's just you and me i don't know if amir died it looked like he
did i think he did because he didn't come out the door right after me damn we got to kill this next
run so hard it's fine i feel good really close to the apparatus i was in there and then i couldn't
find my way all right we have to make 1200 dollars easy guarantee it is doable it's it's it's it's
possible let's see if it's a clip like this shit also tightens eclipse but we have to go there
all right let's give it a shot we'll go out like champions if we lose which we might
all right i'm going down
are we trapped no i died by the brecken before i could do it
no no no i just uh when i land it will probably die if we talk so i'll land now
everyone shut the fuck up it's a clip so can we get beat we can get beamed up yeah i'll beam everybody
up who wants to be something about it being a house makes it feel so much worse i think i might be
trapped oh shit i'm trapped oh man hey kendall i'm so trapped hey kendall if you run in anybody
can you tell them to teleport me i'm in a locked room i know but if you run into anybody i wonder
if i can still get killed in here let's experiment with glitches it is a little lame that it does
that i guess it's just the risk you take i do have a magnifying glass hello anybody
hello friends well hey you know what we can do we can look up a m&m restyle while we're waiting
m&m the fix so what what is a restyle is this what he calls restyle is a restyle
i'm hearing spooky noises in here okay that says it's for hair oh okay
then that makes sense i thought it was some special thing m&m was doing okay yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
wait also how do i have a flashlight why do i have a flashlight that's also just a straight glitch
well i officially do restyles uh cv loves you we'll see you later i think i missed you
saying that way earlier dude someone's at the ship oh thank god
yeah you were saying that thing about weeping angels i thought you were
kidding because we just had seen them but maybe you hadn't noticed yeah this is the
weeping angel mud i already have it on it oh come on hey kendall you gotta port me if you can
to fight two coil heads and a nutcracker it's so bad i mean we're just dead if we don't so we may as
well you dare push that one i think nathan died is that dead i think that's probably dead it's so
it's so we're so fucked because there's like 80 monsters in there should we just both port
in because we're dead either way we'll see who makes it who makes who survives
one of us comes back with a thousand so now that i love you oh thank you thank you so much
are you ready yeah let's do this this is for you dog
you can fire my mom
hey i can hear you i'm haunted oh shit really i hear you somewhere oh i'm so haunted damn i'm sorry
well i'm next at least fuck i really want to find the entrance hello hello hello you're getting
closer to me hello hello hello okay you're this way hello hello damn you sound so close
damn i guess we're separated by map stuff
okay bye baby can i find her can i find her corpse dude i would have to find so much
if i'm so close to you it's insane i know where are you i'm so dead it's insane
oh hey oh my god hi hello i passed by a bunch of stuff but you know should i go for it oh she's
coming after me all right i'm gonna go looking for your stuff maybe she's fine oh hey there's the
head damn she had so much stuff i don't know why i have a permanent flashlight that is not a mod
i'm running actually i think it's just a glitch anyway i'm gonna get my head snapped off pretty
soon by a statue or a little girl all right that's two oh my gosh fire exit i mean what's the point
of even running this stuff back but i guess also what's the point of dying what do you think
what should i do chat should i just go back in oh there's shit right here i wish i could
kill her with a shotgun well we're dead either way what was our total uh for like 1450 oh damn yeah so uh
the horn if you pull it and hold it then it directs the dogs to the front of the ship
away from the entrance oh yeah i decided to just start looking up things um the inhaler
um increases your stamina and the uh and like so like you can use stamina longer
but it reduces your vision the more you use it so it's like a high-risk high reward
it's been an honor swimming with you all
get the funds
and showered with our spirit welcome to our disciplinary process
power not the shower
damn god damn uh cv lives i also thank you for the sub i think it was again too focused
miss it like an asshole so even with notifications you're just an asshole yes
yeah my brain is still pretty mad at the job this is your very own man i was on a roll
and i sleep for the duration of the contract on that light case yeah dog jump off the staircase
and kill me make yourself at home to complete the onboarding process you will want to check
the instruction and and sign great great ass we trust you to be a great asset to the company
wait wait that's the end of the ship three wait wait wait who's
one i moved the ship i'm sorry dare you this will be a my perfect count then
this will be a redemption run for me
i even killed a nutcracker we were doing okay it was a clip though it's not our fault
okay yeah but everyone ran away and me and ash had a coil head and a nutcracker that
we were trying to take care there were three coil heads that were chasing me as soon as i
teleported in one spot i didn't know y'all teleported in i walked in the fire entrance i was
literally like where's the coil heads at well this will feel so easy oh we should have
bought shovels and i forgot we hit we start with money yeah we have 60 bucks
so
did kendall die i don't know great great asset hello
i'm gonna go buy shovels and bring new people i'm gonna be shovel santa claus oh i should
have brought the axle oh well it had just slowed down me bringing people shovels oh i can only get
two i should get a shovel license this company could get sued shovel waiting music watch out
it's up there oh shovels for the people goku is being so aggressive today these shovels do
nothing to goku even base form goku doesn't give a shit about shovels hello friends oh my god
i'll leave the shovel next to the fire exit and maybe someone will find it
hello let's check up here first i thought there was more nope hello
wrecking right here that won't go away goku for me uh oh my god i'm here and break and kill music
all right if it killed them i'm probably next is it being all right you guys survived wow
i'm gonna run this stuff back i'm leaving one shovel for later how does the mug know it's
number one it wrote down the fact so it could always remind itself affirmations are important
hello hello um fancy fell in a pit it looks like no and there's a there's something at the entrance
there's a bracken that's like fucking with people oh yeah i'm gonna go run back in uh meters
dead yeah i'm out of here we all fell in a pit
uh oh i just heard kendall scream in the other room out of shovel i'm out in the fucking mood
oh that noise what was that noise okay that's a dead end dude this bracken is so aggressive
okay that's a dead end too i have to go bracken way or just go in the front i'll go in the front
i don't know that's too far away all right let's fuck it what's this what maybe the
bracken will be friendlier nope god damn he hates me kendall just snaps my neck
that plays the goku music actually if rad's is dead then we're really bad shape but i don't
think he is i'll get us some overtime this is a little baby planet who even cares oh she was so
close there's the apparatus bracken come on buddy oh then i'm good it's all so worth it
don't do it bracken there we freaking go we're using the power of in-person teamwork
okay now it's time to get sandwormed and then dogged back to back 439 on the ship
it feels so helpless not having a teleporter
we're experiencing bad just seeing all the dead bodies that we couldn't recover
yeah we're experiencing truth here no money loss we're just that good
i'm so angry i i hit jump and my jump didn't jump so i just walked off the mean
i was like let's go and then i just fell i'm like no and then raiding was like
usually i'm like no raiding that was me
man that bracken was so aggressive
kind of cleared out for a while highly there's nine objects only 593 on this planet
oh i bought a sleep mask today and it is like the best sleep mask ever
this anyone see that rubik's cube fancy do you want to shovel that was in a gift
fancy did he already leave he's too fast you can probably type uh in the thing
close enough at all if he wants to shovel he knows where to find
i feel bad for killing that yippee bug it just wanted to yippee wow dark
no it really does it feels so good fancy you want to shovel oh the apparatus already damn
sir yes to both of you but i don't typically understand and i just uh
call on this for a call are you taking it don't you do it because it's right next to the entrance
it's the teleport type of course the help oh okay no i can't see it you got him yeah i don't
everything's dark because i'm fucking critically injured oh yeah it got me too but i guess i'm not
critical at least i think there's no one over that way by the way like sleep no you're not
almost pitch black room but um hello when i go like a cartridge stuff after i get off the work
i definitely need one and all the words i've tried using for that i feel like i'm listening to a podcast
yeah did anyone hear kind of say hello was that just me yeah she said it you what but i was looking
right at her son is that candle was that bruiser now it's bruiser yeah i'm just talking about
so dark yo we need some inhalers please what do they do i'm pretty sure they do i'm like 99
maybe they just restore stamina i hear a bug whoa scary hello hello i need a key out of key
i haven't found a locked door yet we found one it was completely useless nice another key
you're rich in keys also because i found this room you know what it means
death very shortly another key god damn i'm guessing this was the useless story yeah okay so they
light on before what wasn't the light on in here before
hello that was dying it does sound that way it's best not to think about it too much
to find little objects instead nothing was the death room for once not going to kill me
nice creepy noise down that way nothing
if we find anything what's happening okay another door let's connect to that door though
and leads nowhere all right this room is totally useless unless i'm missing something but it might
still kill me damn it chase me you fucker chase me out of there chase me chase me chase me chase me
chase me come on don't you want to chase me out of here what's going on with you come here buddy are
you okay hey hey yeah there we go come with me come with me keep coming chase me chase me you
bean i'm gonna assume it's not right behind me okay all right perfect i feel so accomplished
i'm not dead but i'm about to be what is the way out of here are they trapping me
thank you that spider's freaking out all right hey yeah just getting trapped by a gel
oh damn what other monster was did we pull any stuff off this planet i just had a key
yeah there's a slide
i don't know if we got anything now we got the spider to blob
the reason i felt thought i was trapped was i think they closed the door like trapping me
all right let's see what monsters we got
fossil locusts nice a crawler spider a blob a bug a crawler a bug a blob a bug okay that's everything
it's extremely mild in there all right yeah let's get out of here i think they're all dead right
yeah dead so sad i i was trying some door trickery
but he ultimately i think it was a blob you kill yeah he was being chased by something
for a while i watched him die from blob uh hopefully the wacky doors weren't too distracting
all right offense
258 i thought we got 793 all right plus 318 sorry i hate how scant is like based on
all right can i make this jump i don't want to do it hate too much of a coward
the ship is eating me alive i'm so sorry i'm stuck under the ship you probably can
glitch through it oh i did i did okay i think it was 15 objects nice i want to eat more chips
well i want to eat some chips too let's eat some chips after this my boyfriend has that thing where
he can't deal with people making shoes yeah so it's it's rare that i can eat chips without him
also eating chips oh well if you're just doing it then if it's just me he'll like get up and leave
the room yeah hello another dead end oh there's a coil head yep oh now i see it
this was a dead end though i think i'm looking at it so yeah i'm looking at it too i wonder if we
get far enough away from it if it just won't follow us because we're still technically looking at it
there's a coil head everybody if you can hear me we're looking at it though
you want me to look at it while you guys do a thing um i'll run around a little bit
where is it it's all the way at the end of this hallway it's all the way down there
where it's right here so i can look at it from that far away apparently okay i will
dude what a weird maze looks like there's just nothing okay
oh and a bracken room right this side of the map maybe just sucks yeah i don't think there's anything
over here well the other side is apparatus weird i guess there must be something this way then
i didn't see any locked doors yeah there's nothing could trap a coil head there
am i about to die from what there's another bolt gendall oh i'm about to die run run run back
run away run this way oh my god there's two of them god damn i don't really know what to do here
let's go see if anybody survived two thumbers on a coil head and we don't really oh you died
yeah i guess it would have been let's see if anybody's still alive i don't think there's
any way up there unfortunately is anybody alive oh bruiser's alive rat's is dead
oh wait no wait yeah red's dead can is dead where's ratty what's up
i'm gonna go back just for fun or fun because it doesn't cost us anything
and just see what happens but i'll probably die and then easily the thumbers were right at the
entrance but maybe they've stormed away maybe they're mad somewhere else my only note on this
weeping statues mod is that it'd be fun to make them make sliding noise stone noises
right now they are totally silent okay there's no point we should sleep we did make enough to go to
the good yeah damn what a bust just like uh oh is there something else when you were coming by
let's look there's a giant thing of uh items oh weird you're the ship i'm seeing that
you haven't really found anything once in here oh we did make 900 something so we're all set
all right i think this will be my last quota after we drop this stuff off
one more good night reverie have a good night
thanks for hanging out your hard work is invaluable to the company
it's on sale when we come what's on sale
politics and the boom box boom box all right four keys we got one more coming and then we can
take off that's very kind of you to say everything yeah hopefully uh hopefully there's some stuff
happening this new year more shovels they're so cheap oh my god i'm gonna get so many of these
what are you getting just tons of pro flashlights they're 70 off
all right spend all the money shit i'm gonna take two
and the re4 bad guys make an appearance um i don't have snap camera set up um for this but
they absolutely can tomorrow also i should just finish playing we got six six six six
oh that's perfect excuse me great when did i get shoved time to be haunted
case love this type of that was that we're here so early yeah just so we don't die
yeah cb normally i used to have the snap camera set up on this but
thought maybe it was creating some slight screen tearing issues so right now i'm just running without
that otherwise i'd be happy
right now you're getting that real life case black ball
apartment background soon to be honestly fairly different than once i moved um i
not my brother aka my brother might be getting a um a pc soon and then i will totally play this
game with him i think you might get a kick out of it oh my god all right i'm gonna run
stuff down and grab a key um you know i probably am actually bringing the yellow coach with me
after all but i will do plan on replacing it somewhat soon after we move because it is in
you know it's only actually like a little over a year of two years old but it's not in the greatest
shape if i get another couch though well kennel and i got another couch for the living room but
i have like a little office i'm gonna be streaming in that probably has room for a couch so i might
get a little yellow couch in honor of the couch whoa all right you motherfucker i'm taking
furniture is expensive this couch the yellow couch though incredibly cheap okay watch out there's
a little bit of a death trap right here just a little bit what's up man all right
wow this is so many masks so many masks all right maxed out bro drop this shit off
got stuck on it all right i put the mask on we can ask what i'm hiding behind it
jesus we're rich mr wine what are you hiding i watched that man in the jungle
he was on an island he could ride diamonds
okay let's go in the front oh there's a um there's a nutcracker at the fire exit
rocky oh apparatus room nice honestly i should check who's still alive
okay so that's an easy grab honestly i think we've already had a clothe we have but i mean
we could just really ball on this place you know
oh people are still alive we're fine oh hello oh yeah i'm really hiding out of here
i've just followed go backwards towards my voice
hello okay someone went this way
someone went the wrong way hello i went the wrong way okay
shit damn i was trying to be useful i just wear what the hell i was stuck in the water
it just walked into me damn they gotta go get the um apparatus it's right there
okay i don't think they know that amir does but he probably would the apparatus is straight to the left
yeah hey my stuffs are hanging out well that dog is mid-lunch lock
you think it's stuck like you think you can move they usually can if you run into him when
they're like that they just kill you whoa who died right there that's probably my body
oh did you follow uh no the dog killed me oh oh yeah that dog can't move
i wonder if your dog's definitely stuck will amir go for the apparatus my guess
no but will bruiser st george get my shovel behind you
it's literally straight there we have two shovels oh they're out of here i just killed two things
with it my shovel is you're killing the shovel others are shovel shovel shovel i don't even see
your shovel actually he's behind the rock right on the monster i'm just not caught up
what killed you case i just backed i didn't realize i could back off an edge and die and i did
i probably could have like stayed in that corner and definitely uh coil head yeah probably it trapped
me to the point where i couldn't move um like i physically couldn't move but it hadn't killed me
until i like wiggled into its trap basically you've got a world oh we got a ring all right
tighten his stormy but i think that's fine we got flashlights wait flashlights do
do they don't flashlights are safe race for the storm are you just saying that
i don't know if flashlights are safe they might be find out
raining master tool stormy is one of the worst effect
but we're just carrying one item in design stormy on my screen we're all bunched up so
yeah we're all gonna die i'll stay back temporarily
i'll go this way whatever seems to be stuck in a very
other teeth somebody found teeth all right time to face my fears
i made it i feel like a champion i believe in you
oh
i almost fell off every time nothing what the hell you need a key
we might somebody just turned off the lights okay hey present we got you this baby
oh thank you great christmas a turret there's a turn underneath us i guess let's check the
death room yeah hey little guy you want your favorite thing
oh there's a there's a little squeaky toy guy behind us oh my boss
turret oh oh lizard man yeah those are by anything
turret no this way still uh the turret is that at the end of this hallway
it's like to our left do you see that present oh there's a jack in the box
candle there's a jack in the box we should grab that present and leave i'll drop the key okay
okay let's run for it do you know where to go uh forward to the right oop there's also
yep tell me where to go it's a lizard all right jack in the box behind it
okay what the fuck you are right kind of okay um okay shit it's following us there oh my god this
way kind of this way uh this way no i think isn't it yes maybe i can't remember i'm pretty sure
oh my god it's literally following us on the left we have some job oh you're right
are we going down oh no we shouldn't we have to jump yeah you go for it i'll stare you're more likely
to survive than me up we made it baby we're incredible oh okay now we have to jump i'm
gonna jump to the ship ready goodbye goodbye there's a jack in the box and two foil heads
crazy that's crazy that way you made that you yeah they were like there was like a
spot after yeah they were not they didn't like us oh should i think i'm also haunted
yep i'm haunted yeah oh my god wait i'm haunted hey why can i see her on the screen can everyone
see her on the screen oh you can see her on the screen yeah okay you're so which i don't know who's
haunted then somebody's haunted i think it's me i think we're just gonna have to look outside and see if
you're haunted or not i don't think you need to flash your light out there yeah i don't know where she is
okay it's not one of us right it might be you uh probably well i'm just gonna really
have to permanent all this whole time anyway so yeah should we go back in your thing just in case
i'm gonna do the door thing just in case okay i guess i'll go back in candle to the fire exit
just see if i can do anything okay ooh somebody pulled it maybe i can help
actually that jack in the box should be killing them maybe if it's far enough away from you it
oh my god wait what's the right way damn it i just didn't know it's all awesome
just didn't know i was screaming instructions at you but i know you couldn't hear them
well they should go i guess damn i almost had it i think i would have had it but they
didn't turn the turret on my right off they did the one on the like down the hall
yeah there were a ton of turrets oh there were so many turrets yeah oh they're leaving bruiser behind
and someone's haunted poor bruiser but he was standing totally still they didn't know that you
were still alive because you were so still oh my god bruiser was alive what yeah i was staring down a
coil head i couldn't go backwards oh yeah i wonder how close i was the fire exit you were right there
you fell right next to it oh bummer all you had to do was take a right and that was it instead you
walked backwards and died yeah that sounds oh titan's eclipse should we this is probably my last round
so should we should we go in on a on a strong note all right let's do it do we have enough money
for the reverse teleporter uh no because we have to turn stuff in to get paid otherwise we would
what if i just eject this all right now that's a choice all right it's eclipse right all dead
somebody's moving down there all right no choice but to try to make some money i think the spawn
ranks of monsters are also way higher when it's eclipse it's locked are you fucking kidding no
oh why it's the last round who cares fuck it i'll see if i can get anything i can't do that
all right can i make it okay i'm officially a chat and i'm not even looking to see if anybody's
alive you're dead radium everyone's dead they're all dead how could they vote to leave like that
no faith in me boom because he sustained them case i've watched you fall backwards off with
and yet i'm the one who lived
yo i ran shriek i was one of the savers and i was like oh that's a dog can't do anything about it
hey
jake snake thank you for the follow in honor of my brief moment of competence i appreciate it
watch out i'm married you might have rung at an extra time
khajiit has wears to sell personal best quota we got up to 2200 and then we just died i think
that's the highest we've gotten jake so not astronomical the 22 we probably could have
pushed it another one we were kind of close but we hit like all eclipse moons on the right we buy
was like eclipse your hard work is invaluable to the company fantastic shift everybody i'll see you
at a full shift and then press or your hands are like straight up against the wall i wonder if
we would do a different dance oh you do it you do it oh interesting they really do much differently
no at the same time yeah extension letters are 40 off oh you're kind of on the first part of the
yeah past the shift that's good thing weird mirrors doing different dance
oh we have teleporter now which is the inverse wait how long have we had this teleporter we just
got it okay we had it the last whole run oh hell yes um shenanigans with this i just want to say
our batteries are operated by e-power all right okay here's my pitch because we all died so quickly
on that last one we do one more and then we quit we took all of us inverse teleport in it works
all right okay remember the um you can teleport in and yolo yeah we just yolo it like try not to make it
the quota to sell no well i don't know how far he plans on i don't know one more means one more
planet but i i just thought one more planet where we just teleport in i see unless you want to keep
playing kindle uh unless you wanted to keep playing kindle if you feel okay i mean if you want to i'm
done we can do another quota we'll see how it goes based on the vibe of the first five can we go to
the one that i hate with a super long ass walk you want to do that one if we're gonna invert in
shirts let's everybody on let's take off it is like oceans 11 but we're all the grease man
oceans 13 is the best yeah and then oceans there aren't that many oceans okay oceans eight i'm from
the land of tensiles rising aren't they making like a sequel ish just oceans eight oh they must
they were supposed to do that you know what is it supposed to be damn we got a big ocean
oceans oceans irrationi oceans 3.141596
which one do you hate more render or dine i think dine is flooded so
let's do it oh it's flooded or should we do it anyway we're we're teleporting in but we
can't really get anything out yeah yeah let's just do it yeah dance dance in it in the time
comes absolutely get tossed around like a rag doll i got us a toilet nice flush it for good luck
i'm gonna uh anything go flush it for good luck i don't have lucky good or bad whether i
that's why you flush the toilet all right now we're gonna go
kevin would love the toilet
all right whoever wants to you have the honors how close do you have to be to this thing anyway
this is good enough for all of it it's long enough that you can just run
this is exciting is that a fire exit hello guys i'm right next to the fire exit
yeah i'm right next to the fire exit
yo i found some good stuff oh damn it turns out this run is sick as hell
give you what oh wait do you know how to get back from here i'm gonna watch you do it
yeah i believe we have to go the other way though yeah so you got to go like oh i see
and then you're just at the okay and then it should be the ship should be like right the
straight shot ahead it's gonna be a wild it should be ahead all right i'll see you back at the ship
okay i get it i think i get it hello you want me to show you how to get out of here um so i think
okay it's right here are you sure you're pretty sure it's this way yeah and then there's that guy
and then i guess to the left yeah apparently you kind of follow that tether and it heads you
towards the ship if you like kind of stay in line with it okay i love you i feel like i'm being helpful
but everybody oh yeah key for me okay that way they already went
dang it's dark i guess that key is good he's here it wasn't the key was a lie damn hello i'm a
booming voiced superman leave me alone if you're a monster just know that i'm
more dangerous than you case i w i win wrong i wink wait how are they hearing me i don't think
kettle can hear me that clearly hello hello you got teleported in i did
oh locked i wish i saw that key oh i'm on the other side of it
are you getting attacked i'm getting uh oh shit all right i think i kind of know the way out
this is a bad sign because that item was not picked up
close to the door behind us this one this might be a dead end room i don't know the way out
that's it for us gg's world really we could probably drop our items well it doesn't
eat our items but we drop our items one what the hell maybe it's stuck somewhere was it in the locked
room with fancy maybe no maybe yeah it sounds like it there's a coil head in that room now there's a
coil head behind us did you close that door at some point i did oh okay that might be the way out um
we gotta get that thing out of the door okay which way this way okay this seems like maybe a way
out rads rad yeah i'm here the which way towards my voice i don't really know where you are
shit oh he's dead okay stairs are not a good sign because i did not go up any stairs before
i have no idea where i'm going there's another one behind me there's so many
damn we were definitely near the fire exit i said no idea which direction
all right land everybody's in the ship why are you transmitting to each other fancy how'd you die
um i walked off a cliff nice i got all my stuff back i tried finding the fire exit again
and i fell off a cliff dude there's so many coil heads yeah they should really go
hi peace out yeah
waffle house time for waffle house sounds delicious
i'm just waiting to get off the most parent as the most profitable and to get and make any money
it's just sense that i had good intentions
all right guys head gals what do you want do you want to finish you want to finish this
quarter surely shall we call it let's call it beautiful call it we freaking did it
goodbye everybody goodbye everyone see you later all right wait what's this one all right
that'll do it for me let me find someone to raid who's on we dreams to everyone okay thank you for
watching whoa do love thanks for hanging out everybody
um i don't know if rad's is staying on i don't think he is cruiser thanks for playing come back
anytime should i grade jim tasty uh rad is i'm i don't know if he's still streaming okay that
almost ran him then i'll just raid him all right radium v right wait is it yes it is okay
there we go um tell rad's to find loot in the tombs that he's raiding
the company still wants him to be finding loot that's how it works it follows you home uh thank
you sinister dev yeah i've i've been addicted to uh lethal comedy the point where it's mostly
all i'm streaming lately but i do plan to get back to the news i keep saying that but i think tomorrow
i actually can um also i've just been enjoying the extended holidays and just hanging out so
have a great night everyone we'll talk to you very soon and again tell rad's to
you know get some loot and and carry carry his weight in those tombs all right see you later