I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
The beef isn't now where is Stephanie Kase's new girlfriend.
Six, five, four, three, two, one, let's do it.
Whoa, for a brief stream.
So we have to think it's six.
One of these days I'll be able to start before four.
Is it loud?
I wonder if I... let me see.
Nope.
Everything is set to its usual setting so it shouldn't only be as blastingly loud as usual.
Although this seems closer to me than it used to be.
But I need to do one second.
Pepito, bring the camera in so I can reach it with my hands.
You were almost on time? I wasn't.
I meant to stream at like 3.30.
So I'm late.
Who is Stephanie?
Oh, the A.I. Rooney thing.
This is Jack.
It's gonna be just Mama Jam 300 shiny tasty coins and I've been dying to say this.
Yes, Mr. President.
I can't believe you cut out my boy when he was getting to the bottom of the case, Stephanie Love Affair.
Well, Mr. President, today I've scheduled actually an important address
that I suspect around the clock-clot coverage for.
I'm gonna clarify the Stephanie situation.
But I got preempted so I can't do it.
Yeah, this is a censorship regime now, live in sleazy.
If you speak against me as the ruler of this stream
or imply that I've ever done anything wrong, which is false,
then you shouldn't be allowed to spread that type of slander and it won't be tolerated, okay?
I don't have any government enforcement powers yet.
But if politics has taught us anything over the last five years,
it's that if I talk into a microphone long enough, I will gain political power, okay?
So just wait for that, everyone.
And keep that in mind when you're talking to smack about this supposed Stephanie.
Stephanie is a weird one, though, because I do know several Stephanie's.
So I feel bad making that into a bit.
It feels odd.
I wish everyone had said, like, Martha, I don't know any Marthas.
You're starting to believe me, thank you.
Thank you so much.
We need more bits.
It's a bit like stream, I guess.
Supposedly he's going to say Warnock and Osof are legit.
Oh, ill-legit.
I guess you could say either.
Is this even gonna survive 24 hours of a news cycle?
Nobody cares about the...
I guess some of his base maybe cares about the 2020 election.
Who cares about hearing Trump talk about the 2020 election,
other than Trump and his immediate sycophants?
I'm not sure.
I mean, I don't plan on watching it or even really check.
Unless he's like...
Unless this ends up being about the war that he unilaterally declared again this week,
the war that never really stopped, that now he's redeclared personally?
Even then it'd be like, what's he gonna say?
We're doing it.
Every day he talks to a news reporter, he's like,
we might have to kill every single person in that country.
Huh?
He just sort of runs a couple war crimes out of his mouth.
Basically every single interview he gives.
So I don't really know what he could say in an address that's gonna be like,
move the needle really?
It seems like at this point he's said almost every insane thing.
But you know, earlier this year he was tweeting he was gonna nuke a country basically.
I guess if he gets on the horn tonight and is like,
I'm dropping nukes right now, yeah, obviously that's newsworthy,
but I don't think that's gonna happen, I hope.
In fact, I should stop talking about it in case I somehow
psychically will these things into existence.
Can Stephanie stop Canada from smoking out all Michigan right now?
It's bad here.
I'll ask.
But I also I can't because I don't know, I don't know Stephanie.
Like that.
You hope it's a new Trump stakes announcement?
That would be the greatest that I would tune in for.
He's like, I tried the president thing.
We gave it a good shot.
I was the greatest ever, but I have to admit,
everybody's been asking me to make steaks again,
and I got a pivot.
You gotta give the people what they want,
people love my steaks.
And you get a free order with every executive chair
I had staples, which is how I remember Trump stakes personally.
We have some comments though.
We want gorilla punch.
I am trying to get that done for August.
Somewhere in the middle of August.
And we want for gorilla punch.
You can make it a voting type thing.
And I've been dying to say this.
I would rather watch paint dry than use car salesmen
in the Oval Office talk about anything other than gas prices.
Yeah, I guess if he says gas prices are zero,
now that would also be interesting.
I don't think we're going to get that.
Oh, wait, AI doesn't work, right?
I know, I was as shocked as all of you.
Yeah, I really don't like what it was doing,
so we're going to attempt to fix it maybe.
Maybe I just bail on the segment.
I don't know.
Even CBS isn't carrying the president tonight.
Yeah, that's part of the news, I guess.
I saw that as well.
NBC, ABC, and CNN won't carry Trump primetime and election speak.
The real news here is this is a Fox News exclusive,
and that's a huge get for them.
Really good stuff from them.
We demand to know where Stephanie is being held.
Is she in the wall?
Well, see, the implication there is that
if I was having an affair with someone,
I would also have them trapped somewhere.
Can't you just have an affair with someone
and not imprison them?
That's the America I want to get back to.
They're trying to cast doubts on any election
so they can screw with this election.
Yeah, so that's the suspected message
that Trump is apparently going to deliver tonight
is that the 2020 election was stolen
with the help of China.
And then I guess they'll make some attempt
to create the sea wave of interest created
by Trump babbling about this again.
Somehow transition that into some type of election interference
in the upcoming midterms.
The witchcraft of that doesn't entirely make sense to me.
I mean, the president's already,
the president elected,
president apparently,
has been saying for the last fucking eight years that the,
well, six years, that the election was stolen.
He was saying it was going to be stolen before he even lost.
So I don't really know what difference it makes for him
to continue to say that.
I guess it's just that he's trying to pull focus away
from all the other things,
like the war that's actively happening every day
and there was like another Epstein
Rokana, Thomas Massey,
Bill that went through Congress today,
so maybe he's worried about that bubbling back up.
I don't know, I don't think, again, I just,
I don't think you can,
I don't think you can clap his hands
and like just make a news story a thing
the way maybe he used to be able to.
And even back in the day,
like he's traditionally kind of rode what was ever popular
and just inserted himself
at the front of whatever news story
is currently getting the most attention.
But now the news stories that are getting the most attention
is the war that he continues to aggravate
and him being a huge fucking disgusting pedophile.
So I can see why he's trying to shift the news
focus off of those things,
but it's not going to happen because
the election shit is too boring.
Like only a certain percentage of Americans
ever cared about the Russiagate stuff,
which was the Democratic version of like election interference.
Because I think a lot of people,
maybe I'm projecting here,
but when you hear about like a foreign nation
sharing with the election via
showering whatever campaign ads with money
like super PACs and online ads and stuff,
it really just, that just sounds like
how elections work in this country.
Like why should we be shocked that like Russia,
China, Saudi Arabia, any of these countries
are interfering in our elections
when our elections are up for sale?
Of course they're going to dump a little bit of money
in the direction of candidates that they know
will give them preferential treatment.
It doesn't even matter if we just talk about that
as being interference,
as long as that essentially remains legal.
So...
What's his argument exactly?
His argument is just pay attention to the thing
I want you to pay attention to.
I guess, I guess.
No normal channels are carrying it tonight.
Yeah, I just, I...
I'm assuming his base will care about anything he says.
I just, the question is what size is his base anymore?
Somewhere between 20 and 40% of the country
seems to be his base, which is insane still,
but if it's closer to like 20,
that's a big problem for him.
If it's still around 30, then I guess nothing's changed.
Is Stephanie Michigan J-Frog?
Michigan J-Frog?
Isn't that the WB mascot or something?
Yeah, this is Stephanie, actually.
I'm having an affair with Michigan J-Frog.
But Kendall knows about it.
So I'm allowed.
That's just healthy communication.
Honey, I'm going to go fuck this frog for a couple days.
Okay.
It's a rad time gal indeed.
Fuck Trump's steaks.
Gimme Guter's chicken and pickles.
That is one of their best subscription plans.
Guter's, of course, is one of the first subscription style
brick and mortar sloppy wing restaurants.
Of course, known mostly for their sloppy wings.
But also, of course, for their subscription chicken and pickles.
Is Stephanie your new intern?
Why do you silence A.I. Rooney before he could tell us?
Why did I?
Well, also because of the things Rooney was saying,
that I can't seem to get him to stop saying,
which wasn't Stephanie.
It was the actual problematic language he was using.
No one is talking about ice killings anymore.
I mean, I'm aware of the killings.
I guess at least we're aware that they're still killing.
Stephanie more like step on these nuts.
Put that on the bin merch.
That's the t-shirt we need.
Although, again, because I know Stephanie,
then that feels like,
maybe I'm somehow targeting the Stephanie's that I know.
Adiz has just hit the stream.
And will we ever recover?
I don't know.
Everything's on fire. Can't talk about it all.
Honestly, there's a lot of stories that we could talk about
on the stream that are, you know,
probably less in the middle of the news popular news cycle.
Sometimes just the general like things that are
front and center in national news.
I'm like, is this even worth talking about?
So much of it is just the exact same cycle of
kind of like administration led stories.
But then you start digging into the news
and it's equally awkward to talk about on this stream.
So I don't really know what the right things to talk about are.
Which is why we leave it off to you guys,
which we will do today as we tear into the news
for hopefully only 20 minutes before getting onto
these other segments that I need to do.
And that does mean in fact, it is news time.
It's still here!
You're calling for Biden, or for Lincoln.
Well, I'm the closest one.
You've got the next closest thing that this stream has
to Abraham Lincoln.
That's right, it's your boy, Rick.
God, it's good to see you all.
Big night tonight.
History being made tonight.
Like Babe Ruth, the president has called his shot.
And the shot is history and making it.
And I'm excited to witness it with all of you.
Can we ship you off to the Hague?
Are you reading that or are you just asking me that?
It can be a little bit of both.
I would ship you.
I would ship...
I would ship you to the Hague.
You're losing your masculine voice there.
You are.
Babe Ruth and DJ T have gout in common.
Donathan Jaler Thomas.
I like that name, we can go with that.
Liliana knows where Stephanie is, that's why she went missing too.
Yeah, no, she's just busy.
She's a big time international power broker.
That's amazing that we got her for as long as we did.
I'm sure she'll be back eventually
once certain people decide to update certain things that are completely out of my hands.
You aren't going to pass the new testosterone test, Rick?
How much do you need?
I have big sealed crates of high T blood that I will pump
directly into these ripped pythons.
That's what you call your arms?
No, no, no.
No, I literally put blood into pythons and I have the pythons bite me.
It's the new way that people take T.
An expert to plan a mission to rescue Puffy Bear.
I don't know who would be an expert in that, exactly.
I will do it.
Get this camera closer to me.
I believe in protective audibles.
You're going to come to Los Angeles and drive to Cassham's house?
That's really all it takes.
I'm a little too busy for that.
But I will plan it.
Here's my plan case.
Get off your fucking ass.
You wish it was fucking probably.
Wow, language.
Get off your lazy little bottom.
Get in a car.
Take the 10 minute drive to Cassham's house.
It's LA traffic, it's not 10 minutes.
Tush, there you go.
Get off your tush.
And get to Cassjeeze.
Get to Cassjeeze.
What is up with your voice today?
What's not up with my voice today?
Sorry if my voice is getting you up.
You horny cretin.
Scrum says what we're all afraid to say.
Don't let me in with the crumb.
What is going on with your voice?
I have to modulate my voice up.
Otherwise it's too resonant.
Resonant.
Scrum voice.
So I'm going to need a truck to get Puffy Bear.
I could get in trouble having him in the back of my seat
because it will look a lot like a corpse.
Maybe a cop will see it on the way home.
I guess I could text Cass and say,
hey, you want to do the pot at your place today
and I just go over there right now, cancel the stream,
rescue Puffy Bear.
How about I talk to someone on the Patreon?
Well, he's got to be there.
Remind me to ask Cass if he wants to do the Patreon
in person next week at his place.
And we'll finally go rescue Puffy Bear.
Though I have been putting it off for very good reason.
And that reason is I don't want it in my house.
And that's the reason.
Well, how convenient that you have this huge studio then, Case.
Tough shit, says Card King.
And now who's saying what we're not afraid to say?
I was actually never afraid to say any of this.
The plan has been laid and the call has been made.
Get it together, you son of a bitch.
Ship it to your house.
I guess he could give it away.
I guess that could be a plan.
One second, everyone, I have to fix one thing.
I just got to fix one thing.
Eh, didn't fix it all.
It didn't do the fix at all.
Chat, can you come over here for a sec?
What do you want from me?
Oh, okay, there we go.
Now, Chat's got the deep resonant voice.
Alright.
And now Rick should be working properly.
What do you mean working properly?
I literally always, I never stop working.
We never stopped America-ing, which I consider my job.
Puffy Bear is a member of this community.
Never leave a bear behind.
You haven't had to have it in your house.
Thing is, I can't leave Puffy Bear in the studio
and supervise, because who knows what he would do
to all this expensive equipment.
Isn't it just a stuffed bear?
That's what everybody says, Rick,
until they have to be around it for a few minutes.
It'll just be sitting on my couch forever.
But I will do it.
I will remind Cassom that I got to come over.
I got to chill with Cass
in the club, aka his house,
so that I can rescue Puffy Bear.
I'm sure he will not be sad to see it.
Leave his dream stream.
Am I saying that Puffy Bear stinks?
That is another thing.
It has been sitting outside in LA conditions.
Granted, enclosed, in a camper.
But it has just been out there.
So I don't really know what type of shape it's going to be in.
Give Puffy Bear to Gina.
He can sit next to Drunkleted.
How much room does she have?
I guess, honestly, in my office,
which you've seen, I do have a couch that is rarely used.
I guess my cats will probably end up sleeping on Puffy Bear.
Maybe they'll kill him.
What?
Maybe they'll tear him up.
And then I'll have no choice but to get rid of him.
There's got to be some use that can get out of this bear, I guess.
I could also jam him into my closet.
Maybe that's what I do is I just shove his body in the closet,
pound him into a perfect cube.
That sounds about right.
My God, you're a monster.
And you're always talking about how I love violence and stuff.
But you're the one perpetrating violence on your friends and bears.
Jeb knows how to get rid of unwanted.
I mean, I guess himself.
Anyway, to the point of chat.
No, NBC won't.
One person brought this up.
NBC, ABC and CNN won't carry.
Trump's primetime election speech,
which according to NPR,
President Trump, who for years has so doubt about the security,
Jesus,
about the security of American elections is scheduled to give a primetime address tonight,
Thursday, on election integrity.
The remarks come as his war in Iran approaches the five month mark.
Oh, come on.
He stopped it for a while.
We can't stop it when he pauses it.
We bomb them repeatedly during the so-called ceasefire.
Well, this still counts.
We hit pause.
Some Republican lawmakers want him to focus on the economy
and his approval rating remains,
you know, somewhere.
No need to read that.
Trump and his advisors have so far refused to detail what will be in the speech.
The White House press secretary, Caroline Levitt,
suggested at Thursday's press briefing that he would be presenting what she called
findings about election integrity.
He should have done it.
He would get more attention on this if he did it on the Joe Rogan podcast.
He should do this.
The JD Vance guy says he has a couch but doesn't use it much.
Wait, is that an actual quote?
You're JD Vance and you get asked a question about a couch.
Just don't comment.
Just act like you didn't hear it.
Anything you say, Kennan will be used against you.
Not that I would know.
I mean, you would know though, right?
Because of what's going on here.
I don't know.
Looks like some...
Okay, let's get to the chat news.
It does look like chat is also shared a JD Vance story,
so I can't be blamed.
Police Carolina and Von Hilliard are out with some gobsmacking,
exclusive new reporting on simmering tensions within JD Vance's secret service detail
over crazy requests by JD Vance and his family,
considered completely unprecedented compared to every past vice president of the United States.
From that new report quote, on Thursday last week,
Secret Service agents groused amongst themselves,
as they prepared to deliver another perk to vice president Vance's family.
What perk?
Joining military helicopter crew to fly his young son to his golf lesson and...
Wait, really?
...cancel due to weather, but three sources tell Carol and Von this quote,
the Secret Service staff's complaints about a planned chopper ride
for an elementary school student...
Who clipped this image?
...reflects a building mor...
Do you like it when you leave the little hair-whispies in your, uh,
alpha layer here?
I think they did great.
The answer, I do believe, though, is Photoshop.
AI clipped it.
Our problem, inside the team of agents assigned to Shield Vance and his young family.
Agents have shared concerns internally about Vance and his office,
pressing them for trips and assignments that some agents consider an inappropriate
or even unprecedented use of government resources
compared to prior vice presidents.
The agents pulled into attack Vance and his family have also become fed up
with the last-minute travel demands that Vance and his wife Usha Vance
frequently placed on the security team.
The vice president's office provided a statement to MSNOW,
saying this in part, quote,
the Vances are grateful to the men and women of the U.S. Secret Service
who serve for this distinction.
Joining us at the table, senior investigative reporter, Carol Lennick.
To the last sentence of this story, it is a holy, you know what?
A what?
I don't know what?
Thanks for being patient as we try to work with this story
and work with our sources to make sure that it was above reproach.
You know, the Secret Service doesn't complain a lot.
I've covered them for a long time.
I do think it's embarrassing, obviously.
But again, just to be magnanimous in my critiques,
of political strategies,
I don't think people give a shit if JD Vance balls out with the Secret Service.
What, really?
Oh, yeah, of course. It's cool.
It's not cool. I do think it's incredibly lame,
but I just don't see that.
I don't think this one has the political gas to sink him.
I do think, unfortunately, his voting base is like,
hell, yeah, I wish I could take my kidney to soccer practice
in a military helicopter.
If I had to guess, does eight balls with the Secret Service?
Again, I think that's netting you votes.
I think it only doesn't net you votes if you're Cash Patel,
who's not running for anything to be fair,
but if he ever does,
Cash Patel trying to ball out with the FBI in Secret Service
feels kind of pathetic because it feels like they don't...
He's positioned himself as like a guy inviting himself to a party,
which to be fair, JD Vance in my head has as well.
I just don't think it reads the same way for some reason.
I think it reads more like forcing your underlings to do what you want,
which for some reason I think that JD Vance's voting base will like.
That's my analysis.
Well, your analysis fucking sucks.
Oh, great. It's extremely clippy-looking JD Vance.
First of all, thanks for having myself.
I had to let myself in.
Well, we didn't schedule you JD.
So that makes sense.
We didn't ask for you to be here.
Look, let me just nip these in the bud.
And by that, I mean, the Secret Service is my buds.
And what you do with your friends is between you and Jonathan.
So like, if I get favors from my boys,
like I'm not going to apologize for having mal-friendships.
There's actually a loneliness epidemic that you may have heard of.
I've been combating that every day by forcing Steve Ball,
squizz-ass, Mike Long-ass, Johnny Astee,
I hope I'm not forgetting any of my boys here,
Tommy Tall-ass, and of course, Sneak,
aka the best Secret Service agents in the world.
If they're my boys and they have to stay up with me till 4 a.m.
While I play original Counter-Strike Knot Source,
I'm taking it way back to the OG days.
And I drink Shasta.
What the fuck is Shasta?
It's what I drink at night.
And then we just get a little wild,
and then the next day, we're all kind of hung-hungy over.
So we got to call a helicopter to get my boy to practice.
Like, that's just boys' stuff.
That's not stuff that the American people need to worry about
because of boys' law.
No Fego?
Sometimes I mix a little Fego in.
Then you call that a Feista.
And obviously, we're getting some...
And then you pour a Samuel Adams in there.
And now you've got a delicious beer-based cocktail.
What the fuck? Who makes a beer-based cocktail?
Oh, you don't make cocktails out of Samoy?
And then you wonder why you can't relate
to average Americans on whatever this network is
and not making Sam Adams cocktails?
I've never heard of anyone making a cocktail
using just beer generally.
Okay, maybe a brass monkey.
This is like the evolution of that.
So anyway, the point is this is a non-starter, okay?
I respect my co-workers at the Secret Service.
I consider myself one of you
because I do also protect myself on occasion.
So essentially, I am also a military veteran,
even though I also literally am.
And the point is, God bless our serviceman.
And that's, I think, what's important to get.
And that's what's here.
And that's...
Let me make sure I say this right.
If you hold your boy's dick while he pees
because his hands are tired, it's not gay.
What I meant to say is, God bless the veterans.
Right.
So what are we...
What are we doing right now?
Nothing?
Is a Michelada cocktail? Great question.
Yes.
Apparently we're against beer-based cocktails.
Which really are, if you think about it, the people's cocktail.
So...
What kind of cock are you into then, I guess?
That's what's all the 90s gay jokes today.
J.D. Vance?
I've been watching a Just Shoot Me marathon.
Okay.
I've been putting that on in Air Force II.
I get my own.
I don't think... I don't really think
any of those planes is your own.
How much to... I'm going to reach out now.
How much taxpayer money is going into
self-cleaning couch technology?
Not enough.
Not enough. You think I shouldn't talk about coaches?
Why wouldn't I?
Everybody owns a couch.
And that's true. I don't even get to sit on mine very much.
This is such an old joke
that I'm not even ashamed to, like, lean into it.
Like, this is old shit. This is, like, doing...
This is, like, quoting, like, old school,
the film with...
Honestly, an all-star cast.
It's, like, quoting that in 2026.
This is old shit, guys.
You want to hurt my feelings, you're going to have to try a little harder.
I've absorbed all your memes.
Now it's cool that I'm a mountain man who's chubby with long hair or whatever,
and I break dance and it's AI.
I like that stuff.
I like being a miizubishi or whatever
that style of drawing is that
all of the cool people use online to make me do stuff.
I like all of it.
Put me in fucking lingerie.
Strap me to poles. Whip me.
Do all that shit online. It's fucking funny.
I don't mean to curse, and I didn't.
Are you gonna...
Is this how you're gonna run for president just saying stuff like this?
I'm actually very... I'm one of the best...
Everyone says I'm, like, Trump.
Actually, sorry, Mr. President.
Nobody's ever compared me to you as being as good as you.
People say, like, they remind me of you
in a positive way.
But also, I talk, like, got, like, Mitt Romney.
I'm like Trump if he talks. I'm like Trump without the charisma.
Is what people say.
But they mean that as a compliment.
Because nobody's as charismatic as him.
But I'm like him, but without the ability
to make people want to hear you speak.
It's my...
My point is still that God bless the veterans.
Okay, okay. Well, let's just move on, I guess.
Oh, I'll say when we move on.
And I am. So, permission granted.
Because I'm also busy.
Everybody always says they're busy on this network, but I don't believe it.
He's actually the vice president in case he probably has things to do.
What? Like, completely get cut out of every cabinet meeting
and lose to the dumbest sexual assaulting,
alcoholic commander of the, uh, whatever,
committed war... war...
What is it again?
Department of War. Yes.
He somehow lost in a political fight to Pete Hegseth
and, uh, Marco Rubio.
I guess maybe Marco Rubio's a little more fair.
JD, I think you can get back into the good graces of the president.
Don't worry about it.
We'll probably be trying to do another round of talks
for a couple weeks in a couple weeks.
We'll just keep cycling it, so you'll get your time in the sun again
and again and again on a cycle. Don't worry about it.
Does the B and B in stand for beards?
I think so.
Pete Keg stand?
It is kind of sad that poor JD seemed to be on the up and up,
getting to do all the negotiations,
and now they've already cut him out of it.
That's gotta hurt. I'm not out of it.
I'm literally not... I'm not...
I just have other stuff to do.
I'm focusing on friendships right now.
I am literally fighting the male loneliness epidemic.
One friend at a time.
And that's how it starts.
Veterans.
Okay. Great.
What else did Chad have to report today?
Report.
And by that I do mean link stuff in the Discord.
There are... there are...
They... this is our local...
our local reporters that we have working in the Discord.
And I think it's important that we check on their research.
So with that in... with that in mind,
uh,
Redditors are celebrating the cutting down of flock surveillance towers
with based memes.
Okay.
What are the... where are these memes and how based are they?
Vac... Hey, case. Does this explain the whole Stephanie thing?
Find me a vacuum named Stephanie and maybe we're talking.
Then these aren't vacuums for the record.
These are carpet cleaners.
I'm trying to decide if it's worth it to get a Bissell Big Green machine.
Or if you can go down to say the Bissell Pro Heat 2x Revolution.
And yeah.
Because of the panopticon of market surveillance that we live in,
those are all of my ads now.
You gotta go...
You gotta go all the way up to the Big Green
if you're gonna do it at all.
Why settle for non-industrial strength carpet cleaners?
We're not... we're not sponsored by Big Green.
Scroll away from the ad.
I just... I do think it's more interesting than... than whatever I'm talking about right now.
Some of the top posts on the subreddit are memes celebrating flock vandalism.
There are crude Photoshop jobs.
Reimagining covers of baron scene bears.
Okay, let me... let me click on these links and see... and see what they link to.
Yes, yeah. You figured it out.
Oh, here we go.
Here's a sampling of the based memes.
The baron scene bears cut down a flock camera.
Or the baron scene bears cut down a flock camera but with slightly different animation.
And those memes are pretty based.
The Stephanie by Dyson, it will clean anything you want.
They should... they should start releasing vacuums with kind of like...
Sexy names.
Like Stephanie?
You know, you can't deny Stephanie's kind of a fun name.
You're not beating the allegations case.
There are no allegations.
Uh, okay. What else we got?
Hmm...
Upstate New York School District will deploy a humanoid robot teacher this fall.
Oh, good.
I... you know, I'm always pro.
Like, you probably at first sight couldn't even tell...
that this is a... robot.
Unfortunately, this has got to be a real image, right?
No way that that's an AI image mocked up by a company that's trying to sell this,
but it's not a real technology that will work at all.
But let's find out.
Uh, while students return to school this fall,
in the Salamanca City Central School District in western New York,
a new kind of teacher will be ready to get there to greet them.
The small rural district located in Seneca National Reserve,
uh, National Nation Reservation,
is said to be the first in the country to put a humanoid robot in a classroom.
It will not replace the classroom teacher,
but is programmed to provide learning support to both students and educators.
At a board meeting last month,
the Catagoras County School District agreed to purchase a robot from Real Botics,
a tech company, along with an artificial intelligence teacher's assistant program,
allowing students to directly interface,
probably with, like, Claude or ChatGPT,
but with a robot that then does the text-to-speech.
Great.
Let's look up Real Botics real quick
and see what type of robots are for sale from the Real Botics Seneca.
I don't know where that is, even though he just read it.
Inside Real Botics from one day ago...
Hi, this is Andrew Keagle, the CEO of Real Botics,
and I wanted to do a quick update and walk through our presentation.
So, what makes our robots special?
Well, they have expressive facial features, moving eyes, synchronized speech,
and our robots and our avatars can convey emotion.
It makes interaction more natural.
So they really are getting the skin-sack version of this.
I think it'd be more fun if they got, like, the wall-y-style version of a robot
and maybe a little more comforting to children
than a kind of, like, nightmare fembot.
But...
I guess that's not what Real Botics is all about.
Do they have any shorter videos?
Oh, here's two robots just chilling, guys.
David, imagine robots as Dorothy, Scarecrow, and T...
What the...
Oh, wow, I thought that was Brian Johnson,
and I've been worried for his health.
Oh, I guess it is.
Guys, Brian Johnson, look, he looks great.
I'm glad that he's doing well.
That's one of the Real Botics.
That can't be.
He looks so...
We got a full...
We got a full screen of this.
Yeah, that's our boy Brian Johnson. He looks great.
Tell us what's up, Brian.
Um...
This music is not contextually appropriate.
He looks elegant.
You know, as someone who's ridden the Pirates of the Caribbean ride a lot,
how is this...
I do think some of those robots move a little bit better.
They still have, like, the mouth that moves like this when it talks.
Like, can we...
They're advanced robots.
Can we at least get the mouth sink right?
It's harder than...
You don't want to waste energy with a bunch of highly specific pneumatic jaw pistons.
When you can just get kind of an up and down kind of just clink, clink, clink.
You know, you'll fill in the blanks.
I don't believe in the Uncanny Valley.
I just think there's people,
and then stuff that's close enough,
and you should let either into your tribe.
That's progress.
Um...
The Chinese robots are super advanced.
They're, like, transformers.
Well, they don't seem to be rolling out quite...
I could be wrong, but in their demos, at least,
the, like, states sanctioned propaganda robot videos that China likes to drop,
which are way better propaganda videos than ours,
they don't make the mistake of covering all of their robots in fucking sex doll plastic
so that they just look like, you know,
the nightmare of what you might find in your 19-year-old basement-dwelling son's closet.
Why do they just make them look like robots?
We know they're robots.
Yeah, they look like battle droids. It's way better.
You can make robots look kind of friendly and fun
if you don't try to make them look too human,
which does seem to be the strategy of a lot of the mostly felonious robotics companies,
like that one from the two, like Swedish guys or whatever that we've watched before.
They seem to at least get that you don't want to make them look totally human yet
because the technology just isn't there and who knows if it ever will be.
But robotics, real robotics, is not letting that hold them back.
Oh, there's a longer address here from these two.
Sorry, this story is important because this is the future.
This is the children, so we do need to check in more.
We need to get this a little more scrutiny.
Well, obviously, we support Jill on this stream, but you have to move her yourself.
Oh, yeah, she looks... she's stylish. You gotta give her that.
David, I must say, you look rather sharp today.
You shouldn't bite everyone to take more images of you,
especially considering that you're our newest male character among...
Are these sex toys?
Just... I mean, I'm asking...
Obviously, you can retrofit them to be children's education tools,
but does she have fully visible nipples through this somewhat light shirt they have around?
This company is focused on education, actually.
Rick, you're being inappropriate.
Uh, yeah, I mean, I only brought that up to make that point.
It's the real robotics lineup.
Oh, there he is.
Um, anytime.
True. I'm the newest and also the flashiest.
Everyone look at me.
I appreciate the pause there.
I like it when someone thinks about what they're gonna say,
instead of just running off at the mouth.
Your muscles are so sharp, they come with a safety warning.
Guess I'll stick to my classic lip and modulate the face.
No safety goggles required, just pure entertainment.
What?
I really want to hear what they have to say.
And voila, it's an upgrade.
Finally, a version of me that doesn't need coffee to function.
Who are they talking to?
The viewers at home.
Well, like, what is the demo here?
There's robots that can stand and say stuff.
Oh, again, we've had that.
I'm not saying it's not impressive that we can make animatronics,
but these ones are connected to the chatbot.
Are we even sure about that?
Yeah, there's probably Wi-Fi on those guys.
Look up there, you can stick a modem in there.
And then there's probably a computer in there.
Look up there, you can stick a computer in there.
Or you can just jam a phone cord into their butthole or whatever,
and then it's got chat GPT on board.
And now, you can say anything to it,
and it'll say stuff back.
Well, we've also had that for...
Oh, well, whatever.
I guess it's just a walking, talking humane pin,
and we remember how useful that was.
I think it's technologies on the way back.
Just like my fifth grade teacher.
I mean, this is just a really kind of hideous sex doll
they're going to jam in a children's classroom.
And where was it?
Salamanca?
In Western New York?
Okay, let's see what their explanation is.
Salamanca Superintendent Mark Beeler
explained the district's embrace of AI.
Many schools are taking the easy solution of simply burning it,
but I have found the students will find a way around most rules
that schools put in place.
Oh, also, I forgot to thank the subs.
Resolute trial, thank you so much for the seven months.
And Matt Liddell, hello to you as well.
Thank you for the 43.
Giggletrash, thank you for the 300 bits.
And Giggletrash, thank you for gifting a sub to StephanieIRL.
I don't know who that is,
but it's nice of you to do that.
Jam Tran, also thank you for the Risa with Prime.
And Propaganda, as well as Dantan.
And those are those.
You've done it, but it sucked when you did it.
There's a whole train for that.
Well, the train didn't show up, did it?
I can't control the train at all times.
How much does the robot cost in relation to how much they are paying the fleshy teachers?
The products cost the district conveniently, they have this.
$57,900.
Kegel said the price was,
or Keguel said the price was discounted.
The company's website lists the M-Series robot the model purchased by the district
at a starting price of $95,000.
If these robots did anything,
honestly like $100K for a robot that could do stuff,
kind of sounds not insane to me.
But a robot that just stands in the corner
and with like a 40 second delay is like,
haha, wow, you're right.
The Krebs cycle is amazing.
That doesn't sound maybe quite as useful to me.
I gotta look up on their website though.
Clearly I'm spending this much time on this story because I want one of these.
And I won't deny that.
But it would end up in the exact same puffy bear position where I'd be like,
this was a mistake.
How much did a...
Honestly, I do think that's pretty different, but...
Fair point, I guess.
Look at their fucking website.
Yeah, what's bothering you here?
What don't you like about this?
It looks like concept art for Team America World Police.
Like...
Why doesn't it have arms?
Why'd they cut the arms off here?
Are you just buying the head?
From the Haunted Mansion?
Got a very Disney focused brain today.
Robotic enabled busts.
Oh, they are busts.
This is the B series.
Pricing starting at 20k.
You can just have this thing sitting on your mantle.
A trophy, if you will.
That you collected.
Or you can get the M series modular robot with paneled body.
And some of those panels do have skin on them.
And that is starting at 95k.
Or you can get the full bodied robot
starting at 125k.
Or...
Personalize your robot.
Also, there's a monthly subscription for just $200 a month.
Needs more bust.
It's limited.
It's limited in its bustiness.
This thing is...
Fucking horrifying looking.
Rick, don't talk for me.
I was just guessing what you were going to say.
If you want to put a value on how much
is a do-it-all butler
or a sister or whatever.
All these robots and they
could like do your dishes or whatever
or like clean up the classroom I guess.
Then
I do think 100k would be
a reasonable price.
And then if upkeep was only like
$200 to $400 a month
probably in the long run
assuming it lasted for a couple of years
it would pay for itself
in the sense that it would probably replace
a human custodian which also sucks.
So it's a technology that really
positions itself to be hated. Much like
AI in that once there are
robots that are good enough to take like
more traditional human jobs well that's going to create a problem
and if they just keep rolling them out
as like disgusting, disturbing
looking skin suits
then it's going to create a visual
problem as well.
You could pimp it on the streets.
There's probably an audience for that but
I think people will probably
pay for the real deal there
a lot of the time.
I don't know.
I probably shouldn't guess. Alright let's do one last story
and then we'll do a debate
and maybe we'll have time for one other thing.
Oh yeah what was the
oh you know we talked to Scrum so we did it.
We did it.
Signs you might have
Penile Mondors Disease.
This is important information for you Rick.
I don't, don't just say
something like that to me.
What is PMD?
Okay I don't know
Penile Mondors Disease
is a type of um
it's a type of Mondors Disease
which I knew
first identified but not about the penis
but first identified French physician
Henry Mondor he identified it first
in 1939.
It involves thrombophlebitis
which is inflammation
and clotting of veins affecting areas like
chest, wall, breast and occasionally the arm and penis.
Vain inflammation.
V cases likely go undiagnosed because
individuals may feel embarrassed to consult
a health care provider.
But here are the symptoms.
Episodic or continuous pain or throbbing
but not the type that you're like is that kind of good?
Pain during an erection
edema swelling due to fluid buildup
arrhythmia, reddening of the skin
and of course difficulty
dropping that hot piss.
Some of those sound maybe like a bonus.
I mean because it's swollen?
I mean what if it's like
really big.
And full of water?
Big is big, okay?
Just because you're working with a
Coke can sized balloon toy doesn't mean
it's not still impressive.
You want a big squishy penis.
They're all squishy kind of.
But like water squishy.
The ladies will know it's water.
I think they will probably
concern when you have a huge
throbbing red watery penis.
It's not leaking.
It's not like a sieve.
It's just stuffed.
It's just inflated.
You pumped it up like a Reebok or whatever.
You could be a waterbender.
I guess that is kind of fun.
You could say that you're waterbending
to the ladies as they leave.
Because you just said that.
That's the price.
Like those needy squishy toys
people are obsessed with lately?
Yeah, those old water toys where it was like
do you ever have those water things
in a whole?
It just looked like a sex toy basically.
But they were some helpful toys and people would be like
kids would just kind of squish them up.
What?
You know what I'm talking about.
No, it wasn't.
They weren't named Stephanie.
It was a toy I swear.
Or that's something you bought recently.
Yeah, it looked like a finger trap. It was full of water.
I think you got into the wrong closet as a kid.
It's a toy. It's a normal toy.
Okay, let's move on.
We have to get to a debate
and maybe if we're lucky we can even
do a conspiracy to get us out of here or something.
We'll just see either way.
It's debate time.
Alright.
Don't deepen my voice. It is already masculine
as masculine as it can get.
Good to see everyone.
You're back for yet another debate.
Although apparently there's no debate today
because the debate
parentheses debate
as it says down there for some reason every time
Trump won the 2020 election.
I'm assuming that's the topic
of debate and not just a statement.
A false statement, obviously.
Well, no one even said
what victory was in this context.
Victory is winning the presidency
and then being president for four years
which didn't happen
because he lost
by a large amount
and then this has been litigated
again and again for the last four years.
Mostly by him
and every time
anyone who does any actual research finds
that it was not stolen.
Yeah, but you can't say that with
100% certainty.
I am. I am saying that
with 100% certainty and now you sound like a fool
because you can't be certain of anything.
Okay?
Anything, would you agree that anything is possible?
In this context, no.
No, that we don't need any wiggle room here.
He lost.
It was somewhat close.
It's not surprising
the economy was really rough at the time.
COVID got pinned on him.
I'm not even claiming it was a glorious victory
for Joe Biden.
It's just four years of him is enough for fucking anybody.
But then we got
four more
and so I guess we hadn't had enough
and so explain that.
There's no need to explain
why is there a floating man next to me?
You voted for much?
14% of you
today sometimes people
like to sort of feel like
they're part of an elite taste club by voting for me
and so they probably like
stack the votes in the other direction
of the of the guessing poll
here in favor of crumb
just because they assume
that he's going to say
that Trump did not win the 2020 election.
Yes, and you probably think that's some kind of
gotcha easy layup victory.
But what if I told you
what he won
was his integrity
that sucks
and you will also lose with that argument.
And I'm not even commenting
obviously no comment on the actual reality
of the election.
That's not for me to decide
but I can tell when a man has won back
the integrity that he also never lost
you're arguing Donald Trump never lost
his integrity. He never lost it
but he gained even more of it
by standing up for himself
in the face of a bully
who turned everyone against him
but he said no
I won't let that happen. I'm standing on my ground
and everybody respects him for it
and that's why
in every real sense he's the winner of the 2020 election
can't lose something you've never had
exactly
but in a good sense.
Okay, well look, this is hopeless.
I mean
anyone who's taking the side of
some kind of
him definitely winning
at this point it's just beyond arguing with
it's just that they're committed and there's not really
a lot you can say but fine let's do the ritual I guess
that we do every time we
talk to a conservative politician in like
a congressional hearing
if they even bother to make the debate. I'm on the side of
no and I'm on the side of integrity and I do want
to phrase that way. Phrase it however you want mods
you don't have to give into his peer pressure
I'm standing up for myself too
I'm on the side of integrity today
okay that's what it should read
in the poll. Integrity
and no integrity
I would still win that one
in the context of Donald Trump. Fine, integrity
and
Trump integrity
is what it should say. Just
put it however you want. Quit trying to
make it more confusion. I'm not trying to make anything
confusing. I'm just saying I'm on the
side of integrity and you believe
in a separate type of integrity for Donald
Trump which is called Trump integrity in the context
of the 2020 election. Maybe
a mod is not even available. So maybe this debate never
even has to happen Munch. There is no debate needed
to be had actually because
really we're talking about the same thing
which is
spiritually all of us are winners
and maybe you put that mods as my side
of this debate.
That's not even a debate point
make the debate fine if you're so obsessed
with debates today. It's a debate show
Munch. Jesus Christ
integrity
versus diverse liver plate
liver
how is that a side of this debate
and now you're rhyming
not intentionally.
I'm just going to make the debate.
I'm going to make it so that it's so that you
don't try to influence things
and also because maybe the mod are busy
which is fair. The mods are the best
and they've got stuff to do sometimes
um
you don't know how to do it. Oh I wonder if the
command still works
exclamation point MC
um
who
Trump 2020
election
he lost
how did I do this he lost
I can't even remember the old my own thing that I
set up for the match
he won
and it's just that easy
um well you see you
confuse it because usually I am
the top one
and now no one's going to know
look I know you think he won
spiritually
and integrity wise
election integrity wise
I think there's a very real argument
for standing your ground
and believing in yourself
and you can't deny the man still
believes in himself
what you want you're just trying to cut his confidence
out when he's the president
you don't want a strong confident president
who believes in himself
do we really want the kind of guys
who's going to roll over and say
ooh I lost
I'm pathetic and I couldn't even win
a silly little election for president
no we want someone strong
who never listens to other people
and disobeys the will of the people
when he thinks he needs to which is always
if he wants to
and we're against that now
yes
yes everything you said was
there's no need to even argue against it
what is the argument here
this argument is
the uh-uh
that is literally your argument
your argument is just saying uh-uh yeah
and that's a good argument you've been doing that since you were a kid probably
you're like
no
no that's really all debate is
is one person is like yeah
and another person is like no
and at least he has the honesty to just
pick a side and this side is
uh-uh and your side of course
as always is uh-huh
this side that sucks
there's nothing I need to say here
you're sounding like an actual baby
but you're looking like a
uh-uh really gross
big baby
so
and yet everybody's against me today
everybody because you phrased the
pole in a confusing way
because he didn't lose his integrity
and you're making it sound like
he won his integrity
they were voting for
he never lost his integrity probably
because of the way that you phrased this confusing
pole and you rigged
it again just like
what happened
and tonight we'll know
god just pathetic all the
time I can
at least respect you in your
pathetic attempts
to worm out of
representing the political side that
you definitely represent
what you know what the audience
is so you try to sort of back
door your way in with some sort of
machismo you know
sneak strike oh I'm not actually
a fucking a debased
republican no I'm just kind of
a cool guy that believes in dudes
rocking that is I do believe in that
and I guess
you're against dudes rocking is really what I'm taking
away from this I'm not against dudes rocking
just saying that isn't a substitute
for
having any kind of actual politics
and you're trying to avoid the politics
of your own party by just saying
like I'm tough I'm a
man I've got
nipple hair instead of spikes
I mean that last part is
true I do have robust
nipple hairs that I
am proud of and they're not spikes
yes
and I'm saying that's the type of
distinction you make arbitrarily
because
if you did have nipple spikes that's just not
relevant to like a debate so why
are you bringing it up as
an example
if in the last say
year plus you developed
protruding nipple
spikes from the moment you woke up from your
fugue state
that they're little but they're
so they're so sharp and you forget
they're there and you know
you go to you just go to you know
the lady goes to squeeze your nipple she comes back with
a bloody mitt my point
is that's not about a debate
and that's what this should be about
is debates you know
I'm very confused
you've managed to make it extremely
you bet said I was trying to make
confused like I'm legitimately confused
so why you brought that up and what the fuck
you're talking about like always Grum
you see this is what he does he tries to turn it
around on me just because I use
complex thoughts that involve analogies
and all you want to do is say everything
so simple and stupid
and one sided but
that's not reality okay there's two
sides there's two nipples there's 17
spikes around each if you count
or something but whatever
man I get me clearly I didn't lose
the very least you have to admit I
definitely didn't actually lose
because of because of the thing that you
and then the things you say Chrome I think
it's safe to assume that I didn't what's with this tearing
reality right here it's going on there
whatever I don't even care
I don't care if reality is tearing
because I just need to get out of here
I well sorry that you can't
make an actual argument
the argument is why just why
how about that instead of not
whatever bye
I only have 10 minutes to do my thing
and I wasn't even the first news guy
why am I even here
why am I even here when you've
shut down my research for no reason
case
you shut it on you're the one who said that
the segment was you agreed with me
you fully agreed with me
I disagree with what Rooney said that's true
but I didn't pull funding
and yet you pulled my funding I never gave you funding
then why is your credit card bouncing
well I thought that was for other reasons
but did you do something
I mean I spent about $32 billion
I don't have a
$32 billion credit card I have a
$500 credit card limit on the company card
oh how did I spend $32
billion dollars then
they just kept saying approved
to you
I put a lot of money
well look it's all coming back
the research is continuing is the point
I've secured a different funding
from not even the Saudis
which I went to first
and they were interested
but they just
weren't quite willing to pony up the amount that I needed
so anyway
I found a different back channel
and they're excited
the Saudis will
they'll make a lot of stuff
I mean who else would you even go to
no comment
is made up to grand man well yeah
grand man is in charge of our finances
grand man is the official bin accountant as well
and he never steers us wrong that's the only reason
this place is staying afloat
is from the honestly miracle accounting of grand man
and that's the best we can hope for
Saudi stop funding gold though
it's so sad
you know they're trying to like tighten those
trying to tighten that belt by two
by two loops or whatever
but just let it ride guys like all that money's
coming back like
obviously we're all disappointed in
in some of the
missteps of a irony you're the one who
programmed it shut
well I didn't let it program itself
it says self-improving technology and unfortunately
started improving in a direction where it does
say words that I actually do
disagree with being said by
someone who definitely does not represent
that community that is fair to say
wait why are you here we have to interview
somebody I'm trying to figure out who
it was requested and we forgot
I mean you forgot I didn't forget I'm literally
remembering as a scroll
Pablo Sanchez from Backyard Sports
who the hell is that you don't know Pablo
Sanchez from Backyard Sports
that is so sad
this guy
I'm assuming
it's your boy Pablo Sanchez from Backyard
Sports
I don't know if we can get him
he seems like a pretty big get now that
I've seen his work
by that I mean a couple google image results
horrible player
that's sad to hear
is there a video what kind of things does Pablo
do
also we only have for
six minutes so you know Pablo is going to have to keep
a brief he always tries his
best that's kind of
sweet here's his theme
song nicknamed secret
weapon birthday 818
he does not speak any english it seems
but he knows the language of baseball
and knows it well simply put
this kid is good
is this from a video game
is this racist
if I have to ask
then that's probably a bad sign right
so what about the phrasing of that
seemed a little troubling to me
if I had to guess
there's a ton of videos on this guy
here's Pablo playing
the sporty loves
he does speak the language of baseball god damn
that home run
is out of here
and that is against a robot
those things can throw as hard
as power skis will allow them to
was the rocket racist in
sandlot
leave our childhoods alone
let that kid make out with a lifeguard
and leave racism out of it
what a time
I don't know I don't think I have access to
Pablo
is that Pablo
no that's not Pablo
I don't know
I don't know if I have Pablo available here
which is so sad
I mean his yellow hat is just so iconic
is this him
what the fuck what the hell
I speak the language of baseball
my name is Pablo
you are a baseball
I speak baseball
can we play baseball please
you are a baseball
that's mr. Matt
I am
baseball
this is unfair
baseball is clearly this guy's first language
he probably didn't understand that we were looking for Pablo Sanchez
case
I don't know if we should talk to this guy
well maybe he is a baseball
maybe he knows Pablo baseball
do you know Pablo? baseball
I don't think we are going to get a lot out of him
I am telling you
I am telling you we got to know him to bail
and I feel like this baseball could get us
into some tricky territory
what is your name baseball if not Pablo
baseball
well that would make sense
why did we get this guy
if
why didn't we just get a guy in a
baseball hat
I don't know he said give me Pablo baseball
so I just yelled out the window
how would that help
was Nolan Ryan cool
I think that's a pretty valid question
I floated partially into this guy
we have got to go
we have to go now
look at the state he is in
I got hit
oh no I am a home run ball now
oh god
I am going to land so hard
I have got to really wear me
he speaks so much more English now
baseball
I guess
maybe he gets smarter the higher he gets
there
oh god I am experienced
oh no
I am soaring into the sky
and I am feeling and thinking
oh god you will drop soon
don't worry about it you will drop back down
the ground soon
I can only hope
I don't
I don't really know how to help this
intrepid baseball
hey baseball
and that's all the time we have for the stream today
that's the best we could do
for a Pablo Sanchez interview
I am assuming he got somehow hit by someone
flew into the air and landed back on his own body
baseball
I don't know why I came in for this
I don't know either
I don't remember asking you to
I just remembered we forgot to do an interview
I was just trying to be helpful
and I think in a way I was
let's raid
digity-dank
cause he's on
and let's just bail
can we just do that can we bail
yeah we're gonna for sure bail to the patreon
which you can join at the cream dot team
altitude based IQ
yeah that's the first time we've experienced that on the stream
is it
is that a thing we've said before
we could have said it before I don't know
I'm not high enough to remember
the you have altitude based IQ
no I don't
it's patreon time y'all
say hi to doctor digity-dank for us
it's a chat rate actually you don't even deserve
a raid let a raid from case
the chat rate
okay fine chat you can have a chat rate
see on the patreon maybe I want to
better stuff to do case that's all on you
that's fine chat okay
then let's go we literally have to go
fine we'll go
oh shit up
oh shit I puked
I'm
the back of my throat is filled with vomit right now
gross
that happens when I burp sometimes I don't chat we have to go
okay sorry