My gosh, I'm back in the CIA at last
Horror Leon has been abandoned for literal months. I hope he's doing okay. Good to see everybody Uncle Phil 2k junk dog
Gearless Joe Nomad Greg to you
Ray Silva metal chaos
Ooh, there's even a hype train going
but
I'm protected fortunately here deep in the CIA so even the hype train can't get to me here
That's the power of of Langley Los Angeles. There's a little one here. It's just a couple blocks. I
Could see everyone I
Finally got around to fixing my old resident evil layouts
They all got deleted but now they're back
So well, so why not why not finally finish it honestly were probably reasonably close to the end of this game
I might be able to do this in like two or three streams
Except I'll probably run into some pirates and then I'll have to keep and then I'll have to do that for probably two or three streams by itself
Thank you so much. Also by the way to Peter Weisman for the 17 months
You remember the last time we were here if you've been here for all 17 and on g123 also with the 17
craziness Asian Papito about a Papito will get CIA clearance to manage Leon live in the field
That's our little sub goal today
If Papito could make it all the way there
You know, I also just realized
Yeah, you know whatever I gotta bother fucks it with little things
We're in the CIA. It's good enough
But you know who might not be good enough who might be doing really bad
Is Leon because I left him abandoned in the subterranean castle
for a
while
Been a couple months
Which isn't that long in the swing of things, you know, people live really long lives
So I guess well some people do so let's check in with Leon and
And just assume that he's doing well. I don't know if he's been fed
I legitimately completely abandoned him
But I'm one of the best operatives the CIA's ever had so I can fix it
Oh
Oh
We on god, do you mind shaving and getting yourself together? I know this is a lot
But I'm coming in live from CIA headquarters, and we still need you to get the president's daughter out
I'm assuming she's doing fine
Okay, they might have both both lost their minds
Just slightly
but
We can get a Leon back in there to fix this up
real quick just
Don't even worry about it. Everybody
Well, just Leanne's currently shaving and he'll be completely fine
Oh
Leanne there alive then kick in oh perfect
How's that other any mess around you a little bit of a mess, but nothing I can't handle yeah
Wow, I'm young dumb and full of gun
Don't worry the other Leon shaved Leon shaved and now he's good to go
And maybe Ashley's doing fine now too
Ashley's not doing fine
Can you just manage that she'll do whatever
You know I don't mean to get sexes believe the ladies to be talking ladies be talking ladies be talking. Oh my gosh
Well, also just to warn you I might have to bail on you for a little bit Leon if
The CIA gets a certain amount of support. We have a new initiative where we let dogs handle our agents
But when Leon emote, yeah when Leon emote you were just born man
Don't get up my ass. I will go as far up your ass as I need to to save America
It's pretty serious. Well, look, I'm not here to mess. I we got to keep a schedule. We need to get to work
Okay, as far as I know you're very schedule oriented. Yeah, and keep that in mind. I never don't finish a thing
Okay, I mean, I don't have no reason to believe you don't all of my memories are foggy
Yet I feel like I must do what you say. Yeah, that's that means it's working
great
Great to see everybody get ready for a big win for you for me and you plus me equals what America
Let's do this
Okay
Uncle Phil 2k. Thank you so much for the hundred tamtrant coming through with the 48s tamtrant
Uncle Phil that both of those are crazy amounts of support tamtrant five subs
My god get over here so I can wrap my strong legs around you and give you a kick hug
That's what we call in the business when you hug someone with your legs
We call it a kick hug. I don't I think that's just your brain is scrambled. My brain is good
Okay, um
Alright, and you're ready to get to work. I've been fucking ready skimer. I
Got it. Why am I noticing all of this? Well, we put some stuff in your brain. Whoa cool. It is pretty cool
I can I'm seeing things in my mind a
wild images bits and
Names. Yeah. Yeah, that means the implants working great
Okay, um, let's send it down to to to Spanish Transylvania Lee and you need you to get to work buddy. Okay
Oh, actually, it's not even with you. Oh, there's a dead body behind you
There's a little bit of a dead body behind you. Yeah, I don't stress about that
um been hanging out
weird memories of hanging out with that guy but
Sometimes your friends die and that's just the way it goes
Oh an herb see
The life gives and takes sometimes your friend gets stabbed or whatever happened to him
Sometimes you find a plant so you know things are looking up for me
I'm gonna set up it or myself
Um, okay. How do we do maps again? There's our map. Oh, there's stuff in here. Oh my god. There's so many plants
This is a payday for leon an herb
Leon might have died a few times
He might have died a couple times
Huh? I did what now? I don't even stress about it, buddy
Yeah, it's gotta be smelling pretty good. I'm amazed the shape that body was in after five months four months
I don't even remember the last time I saw leon
You know, I'm gonna adjust one thing really quick because it is hard for me to see what this bright ass light
They have some really bright lights here in the cia
and we
Add a little
Yeah, now we got the drama lighting
Okay, now we're good to go
Leon, what are you doing just standing in the dark? I'm just looking at these
Are these pillows because I've been sleeping on the hard ground for in my memory months
Although the memory is coming to me in scattered pieces. Yeah, just don't think about the past man
We're future oriented right now. There could be all sorts of treasures in here. We really got to focus up
That's my you went backwards buddy. Come on. Okay
Yeah, the clone brain came in pretty fully formed this time
That's the advantage of when you don't go through too many leons too quickly as they come up more fully cooked
What are you talking about don't
Don't what?
Don't even think about it. Oh great. It's his fucking girlfriend. There's only time to say this once
So listen up. They took your friend to the top of the clock tower
If you hurry you might get there before she turns into one of them
Uh, so you aren't heartless after all she looks great after all these months
thankful
You should
She's calling me
Oh my god, look at this
papers
Oh, something helped me recover a stolen jewel
Snatched by a thieving crow. I bet it can be found in the vile things nest if this involves shooting a crow
Consider me already in and good job on the hype train
Everybody's hyped for me to save fucking america once again
It's one of my favorite things to do honestly. Sometimes I hope america gets in trouble
The detestable ramon salazar just so I can save it
Uh, the very sight of this image makes my skin crawl do me a service and find some way to deface the portrait of him
In the room shown in the photograph. Will you?
That looks like every fucking room in this place god damn it
Yeah, sorry, buddy
It is looking a bit similar
Oh, okay
What the fuck we're so broke? Why are we so broke?
Ruby's all rubbish. It makes no difference the price
That's our choice to make
Okay
If you say so
Where would it what can I do you for this is complete?
Oh, you've got a super pistol a fighting chance out there
You best tune up your kids
She's running a counterhandler stream wait. Who's doing this to me?
I think we're too broke to do anything. We need more money game into some up next time. Yeah next time, buddy
We'll see can I take this that looks like treasure
No, that I have got a good ear for for treasure and I and that's just a fucking mug
Nobody cares about that if it was like in crust it or there were some holes in it
Where I could jam in some rubies and we'd be talking but instead it's just it's just trash
Look at this thing. Oh, yeah, that's a key
That's in my professional opinion. That's a key
Also, yes, exactly. Skymer my girlfriend called me. Well, okay. She thinks I'm she thinks of herself as my girlfriend
Who knows, you know
That's wild dogs. We can't really be contained that way, but I think she might like I think she likes me
Does she like me?
Don't be too pathetic about it
What do you think she likes me? I don't know man
Just getting my bearings once again
What the fuck is happening here?
You're we had a good thing going leon you stay in the little basement and lose your mind
Oh see and then I don't have to do stuff like this to you
Now you're getting bugged
Did you just kill that bug? No, god damn it
I swear to god these fucking bugs are useless
I've got like what I mean honestly. How do you how do you mess that up? You've got the razor sharp claws. This is ridiculous
All right, whatever
Sorry sounds, sorry
Oh, we've already been in here
Okay, I have to remember
I have to remember the layout of this place
Um
The main thing I want to not miss is treasure
That's fair. Oh my god, there's a locked treasure up here, but now we have a small key
Okay, well that makes me think I got to go this way
To the throne room
They get some goodies
Does that make sense leon?
Makes all the sense in the world man
Obviously, there's a treasure out there. Let's go get it
He and I we get each other
We kind of get each other like that
Oh my god, okay good. What the frick nobody behind me
I'm hearing bugs. I feel like there's bugs in there. What the frick?
What the fuck everybody went bug mode?
Uh, I also need to remember how to control. Oh, I don't have any grenades or anything
I have no flashbang. All right leon use your skills
You're an impressive cia operative
Uh
I found their weakness and it's leaving this room. They hate to do it. Okay one down
Oh look we got tons of ammo
This guy's just freaking out back there
All right
Okay, also seems to be having kind of a bad day
What the oh geez oh come on man. You don't have a head. I kicked this bug right off
Leon credit where credits do that's pretty good. Did you see that shit? I kicked this bug off
Oh my god, that's nuts
I was like I got the boot up and I was just like I bet I could kick this fucking bug off this guy
And I totally did I'm gonna do it again. I'm gonna do it. I'm calling my shot get put. Oh, that's so sad. Ah, hey, what the fuck
Come on, man. I was kicking you
I swear to god
Mostly I nailed that
That one bug snuck up on me. That was completely unfair
Because I swear to god I had already killed him, but mostly you come on. We're impressed
I'm impressed Leon. You kicked it. You kicked the hell out of those bugs
Okay
A bell
Yeah, and you feeling all right. How do I tell others his health?
Yeah, Leon's but Leon's seen better days. So maybe we yeah, does that feel good?
Daddy like you that me like you that a lot
All right, so treasure in here feels like there should be treasure in here
I think how much that bell this if this was lethal lethal company Leon would be
Living the high life. Okay, that didn't summon anybody. I guess I've already been this way
Okay, this is the room where there's the thing to fuck up, right? It's up over here
October eight years since wait
October eight years since my awakening at least my noble pursuit progresses to its final stage diffusion of human and
Insect I these people love bugs so much
Fucking anti-american. We're mammals in America. God damn it. The housekeeper has graciously invited herself to the experiment
I shall pour my whole heart out into this endeavor in order to transcend humanity and make master Ramon proud
March nine years since my awakening a glorious union has been made the housekeeper has endured much suffering but not
But but not for naught
What the who's writing this trash?
Behold the fruits of our labor in all its beauty. I shall consecrate this perfect life form with the name
U3. Yeah, I guess u2 was taken
Somebody if somebody was here they would high five me
But nobody's here
April nine years since my awakening u3 my dear pacenta has been chosen to serve the right
Wait, sorry peasant not pesanta piss
Microphone 900. Thank you so much
Again the implants in my brain are live updating me with updates on the cia fundraiser that I guess is happening
To serve as the right hand of master Ramon, but uh is two not better than one
Now it's my turn to demonstrate my loyalty his humble servant
Isidori ariyati
Tell of vera and a spotlight. Well, you know what? I'm not gonna apologize if I said that wrong because they're bug people
so
It's fair they are they do seem to be bugs
That might be where papito was born. Spanish transylvania. He definitely wasn't born somewhere
Where normal creatures are born, okay, isn't there a goodie in here? Oh, it's up here
Up top. What about this?
I know anything about buckets is that they can be shot off stuff
Or not or are you gonna waste ammo I guess
What a misleading bucket
What the hell
Holy payday. Do you see all these fucking chickens?
This is nuts
Don't mind if I do
Damn leon you look pretty good surrounded by all these chickens
Look at our man check out the Riz
No time for resting leon
You know how it is
That wasn't resting that was posing modeling is an art form and I have mastered it
Can I give you that uh
Use
But it looked right to me
Oh, no, I've got a thank leon you handle this
Oh, you were handling. Yeah, I was handling it already. Sorry. I got confused by who I am. Um
What the I mastered shapes in the CIA. So this is nothing to me
You see that shit we had to do all sorts of shapes tasks and
I honestly crush it every time. Oh, this is a pure golden egg
Oh great more reading master Ramon with tomorrow's procedure. I shall finally surpass the limitations of this mortal shell
Okay, what's left to me now shall soon be gone magnificent
The holy body is a wondrous miracle
The fealty I've sworn to master Ramon is the sole light that illuminates my path
Our face shall be entwined until the very end. Have you ever known such loyalty?
These guys are total sims
These guys are total fucking sims. You aren't correct
All right
On powders you're full of powders
We got chickens. Should I shoot the chickens? Does that do anything for us?
murdering chickens
I have 13 bullets
I feel bad just shooting this chicken. Oh my god. Never mind. Look
I would have been a fool
I guess I just have to let these chickens do their thing. What the okay. Let's fuck this up
That's what they wanted for us leon
They demanded that we fuck this shit up in here and I mean, who are we to deny them?
You know
Please don't do that. That's a very nice painting. Okay leon
You just woke up. Don't be okay. Well that look it's bulletproof
So the joke is on you
See, that's why you reinforce your portrait so they can't be fucked with
Honestly, I I don't know what I did not I kind of expected it to break
I guess I did not give that painter enough credit
That's they did a pretty good job. Oh my god. They're laying so many chicken eggs for you
Uh kick it. Yeah, how do we take this thing out? This is ridiculous
Um, I honestly don't really know
This is a real quandary
Throw an egg. Oh my
God
It's a good thing. I have this synaptic brain thing that's feeding me information from chat. Okay. I just gotta equip an egg
Actually, I shoot I shouldn't give him chat credit
They could have thought that I thought of that
But I didn't
Sometimes I wonder if I had any thoughts at all
You got some don't worry. I wonder what that does for us
Uh switch with the upper kp painting
That's a mod that I that I don't have the skill to make but wish I did. Okay. We already fell down there
Where do we need to go now head for the clock tower? Okay. Where's the clock tower?
It's that way it's all the way over here
I guess I guess it's I don't I have zero ideas where to go
What was the other thing I wanted me to do something with crows be all challenges
Overthrowing the castle won't even tell me what these are
Lee chapter 16
Well, maybe we'll let the crows live for the purpose of making any progress in this game
So I forgot how slow I tend to play and that is on me for for being a slow CIA operative
You know what leon's leon's sturdy. He's strong only fools are careful in how they hoard their goods
Heroes charge forward. It's a breechy good to see you. Do I have more money now?
Oh my gosh, I have so many little knives
I guess I could store stuff. I do kind of have just random shit in here
We'll go set ourselves up for success. What the frick not today
Oh, there's a bunch. Oh, they're so tall
There's still one more somewhere. Oh my god. It's being sneaky
Give me a heads up when they're those bugs around here
They what you see that is so unfair man. I'd use all my little knifeies came out of nowhere
Oh, and I got bug all over my ass that thing blew bug all over my fucking ass
Hovered in bug. No. Oh, give me up. I don't even have more. Oh, I do. I have so many of these knives
Oh, yeah, I get some. Oh, yes. Oh, it's been too long
Thank you
Okay, take it back. They have little jewels
They have little jewels. So maybe I spoke too soon and the bugs are fine
Okay, okay, this is this is probably the way we were supposed to go
Yeah, give me some shit
Disgraced easily forced for now
Nice these can't be put in stuff. So just sell that
Oh my gosh, should I sell this? Hope that wasn't the housekeeper
We might have just taken out the housekeeper
Oh, we started upgrading. Oh, we haven't started upgrading this
I guess we're in the middle of upgrading this shotgun
He's powered by 1.5%
Crease fire rate
Crease power. Um, I guess let's just finish upgrading this. So we feel like real tough guys still have some new items
You might be interested in what do you need here?
Max out all the upgrades
It's a thing of beauty, isn't it? Oh, yeah, you buy stuff with spinels in this
There's some things money can't buy
I don't know man. It could buy me this whole leather case
It could buy me this punisher
It's like a bunch of stuff is still locked a gold token
At the shooting range machine. I don't want that too
I could just get this right now
Oh wait, but I want these
No, wait, I want the upgrade tickets. Oh, I need 30 for an upgrade ticket. Jesus. That's a lot. All right
Get come back anytime
I just want to store stuff. Oh, are there not boxes in this game?
There's no little boxes for Leon in this
Damn, all right
Shit, I don't even know how you craft stuff
Oh craft, okay
I can't craft anything
Wait, I must be able to craft stuff
Dock and shells? No
Rifle ammo?
Oh, okay. Yeah, sure, whatever
Great freeing up space
So many darts and bolts and stuff. I don't even think I have that gun
I know 30 spinels is a little steep
Okay, well we can combine this
Don't even that's a laser sight. Okay. I have that have that have that
Whatever
Onward to victory
Now you're freaking talking man
That's what I like to oh shoot
Thought I might zone out for a second, but you'll really awake actually
Yeah, no, you know, I love the first one this one
Is like that one, but oh my god crows
Um, I so I haven't beaten this one obviously
But between this and the first one I probably would recommend this one
Even though I love the first I love the original R&D before
They've done a very loving job remaking it here
The only real problem I have with this game is um
Wait, how do I auto?
Somebody to like auto organize everything
Uh, the only thing I notice is Sadler's voice really sucks
Apologies to the voice actor
Not my brother who could possibly be my brother played a crazy amount of resident evil and I honestly watched him play probably 80% of it
What the hell you are nothing. It's not unyielding. However, I'm afraid it ends here
expel this intruder
Damn, he's looking good after all these months
Let's just charge forward and hope for the uh-oh that plan is not gonna work
Out now that plan will work up are so good
We love to kick we love to kick kick kick
All right first things first are there there's treasures in here everywhere. Oh my god
Down here
Priority one is to ascertain these treasures. I understand my mission
I'm confused by the map as usual, but I'm assuming if I run around hitting f
Eventually I will find one
And by f I mean hitting that f bomb fuck fuck fuck. Where is it?
Come on
Is this the way is that the way it came? That's the way it came in. I'm pretty turned around
In here
That's money. That's pretty good. Oh, we're now we're talking. Yes
Oh, it's a little it's a little messed up gold bar
Sometimes collectors like it when the gold's messed up because it makes it feel more authentic
That could be worth at least
5 000 money
You know
About 5 000 money. That's a deal
Yeah, my brother played the gamecube version 2 subregion mostly although eventually we owned
What the fuck?
Run
That's not good
Eventually we owned it on ps uh playstation 2
PlayStation as well, but also I think literally the ps2
I don't own it on pc
Though I do have a gamecube emulator of it
Um
All right, let's use our heads here
There's a bunch of trash in the way
There's a thing that wants to burn us
That looks like it'll kill you. Oh boy
Up up Leon. Oh
Oh wow
Thought he died, but he didn't out of the way
No, no
ow
Who's shooting at me?
Jesus
Hey, that's not gonna work
I don't really know what you're supposed to do here
Also, what keeps hitting just finish the main story in dlc like two weeks ago. Definitely the best remake yet
I'd feel like resin evil has a very good track record with remakes
Even three I like some people don't like three as much. Um
All right, somebody's shooting me and I have zero ideas how to get past this thing
Like I'll just die
Do I have to just I guess I just have to time it
Leon use your acrobatic skills. Oopsie. Okay. Okay. Okay. So wait a minute. Am I missing tons of treasure?
Man, there's gold right there
How did we miss that gold? Also, is there a treasure right here? Oh, no
There's a treasure here
What does that even mean?
past this
So confused
Oh, I could have evaded
I need to need to use my dumb brain to think of a thing
Dead egg now. You feel great. There's no treasure there. Oh, no
What's this mean? Uh-oh
Oh my god, he died
That's a whoopsie daisy
That was such a well-formed leon too. I feel like what a waste
But now I know exactly where to go
Warning launching leon kennedy clone damn lose more leons that way
Leon kennedy clone into active field duty. Oh, well, let's get him out of here. Let's go. Let's get another one out there
Whoops. The leon is loading
This is the waiting screen for your leon clone to be loaded
Uh leon, sorry about that, buddy. God that god god the bum bum
bum bum bum bum bum
oopsie da ba ba
Oh
He'll just take a minute to just stay he'll be fine
Oh, that's what killed him. I'm seeing what's happening. I'm seeing what's happening here
I was like, what killed me warning launching leon kennedy clone into active field
Well, that's why we have a couple on reserve, you know, it's been months
We've had some times to really fill up the coffers of leon clones launching leon kennedy clone into active field duty
Warning launching leon kennedy clone into active field duty. All right. All right, all right
So this time we use our little pinky head
To not die today
Yeah, I'll let the ball do the work for me this time
Uh-oh
My plan wasn't that good
Oh, the fire did it for me though. Well, that worked out despite me being an idiot
All right. Now it also said that I'm missing a treasure somewhere. Where is this fucking treasure?
Says i'm right on top of it, right
It is above you leon
Oh
Oh my god, we just saw leon die
It was brutal. His head stayed together nicely
I didn't realize the balls were a permanent fixture
And that's on me, but we had a leon clone really close
Okay, this one's already good to go
Don't worry, buddy, it'll be all right. We lost another we lost another one. It's just not going great for leon clones today
Warning launching leon kennedy clone
I guess I need to I can't let him burn to death also. That's a mistake
They won't stop calling me till I kill the ganado that does make a lot of sense
Oh, you know what I can just stand in this little elcove here
Or can I think I can
We're gonna try. Yeah, that's fine. All right. I was just being so dramatic with my leon clones
Uh
He'll be able to speak soon enough. All right, wait for the other one
That we'll go back and get the treasure later
Wait, but what if it doesn't let me get this one's already speaking in full sentences. He's good to go
I feel powered up and ready to serve
You know what?
America's one
It's a classical leon clone right here. All right, fine. We're just gonna get we're gonna be careful and get the treasure
Gonna carefully get this treasure
And not get murdered by this thing
Or brutally burn to death just wait for a ball down here
It rolls gingerly past us. Oh these balls are coming faster than they used to
Leons largely heat resistant
That's just like a warm bath to me
You can get pretty far into fire without you burning burning
That's what they teach you in cia school. That's the power of science that worked there
Oh, shit. Where's the next treasure?
The only thing that really matters
Does that mean there's no more balls? Oh, no, they're coming all the way from up there
Yeah, let's just do this
Oh my god, you fucker
Dead
Still balls
Sounds like balls, but I guess there's no more balls
Okay, it's honestly feeling too safe in here
All right, where's the next treasure? There's a treasure in there
But how do we get to it? It's an explosive guy
Oh, look at these guys. I wish I had some balls still to kill these guys
Damn it. There we go. Okay
Next jet stuns fire related might be hard to do at the the old desk. Oh my gosh. How many of these fuckers are there?
Don't they know I just want some goodies for treasure down here
Don't move please
Oh my god, I'm strapped in clocks
Now that's a treasure
You see that shit. You see how nice that clock is
Dude, that's going to be worth like
10,000 money units. Oh, wow. He almost stabbed me in the sickle. That would have sucked
Oh, come on. There more of that shit around here. That is a nice
Put that down, you dork
What the nice rolling
I stabbed him a little extra just to be safe. Did you bring my my daughter? No, mr. President. But do you see this clock exactly?
That's what I'm gonna tell him
Biden will get it
He's chill. He doesn't have the best sense of time
I can I can skate if you buy him and you won't notice. There's still a treasure in here. What where?
Up there
Above me below me. It says I'm right on level with it
Just blow this up now
I don't want to miss out on whatever this is
But I don't see where it is
So much money
I feel your pain land
I really don't want you to miss out on this treasure either
How are we always on level with it? I don't get it though. Um
All right, whatever maybe oh no, okay now
I guess we just go forward and hope that we didn't miss it
But I will I will never stop being mad at myself
If we miss out on this sweet sweet treasure
I guess just to be safe. So it
It would be like over here
But there's nothing
All right
Whatever
I'm gonna be I'm gonna blame you if we miss that treasure. Okay. Oh boy
Treasure
I should have waited
I was so greedy to blow him up
Hi friends
This is a pretty nice elevator
Like I gotta give him credit
We're just a wooden board held up by a couple strings. It's a pretty good elevator
Do you think this is an Otis?
What kind of elevator do you think this is? I don't know man. I don't need you have other stuff to worry about right now
Brick
Not badly. Um
Definitely pretty impressive
Oh, that was less impressive
Here just jam this on the wound Leon. You'll feel great
Oh
That's the herb I like. Oh that was a good shot
There's a healthy heap and a verb there right there. Oh, hey, buddy
No, come on. I don't even have oh, I do have one these guys are really good at getting shot in the head. Excuse me
Uh, what the frick? Hey
Ouch
Okay, money that's sick
Sometimes you get smashed in the face a little bit
The important thing is that there's still money
Excuse me, miss. I blew up her head just a little bit
I was trying to give her a warning shot. I'll be honest. I'm not sure that one was infected. I might have just been a lady who slipped
Glateral
We fucking missed it. There was a treasure down there
You son of a bitch
No
It's not up here
What the fuck
This you ruined my day. I'm so sorry man. That is on me. It just it wasn't around. There were so many
So many little things
So many similar looking hallways
What out here any goodies out here see there's there's a treasure ahead to make you feel better
It's not the same
I see that there's a treasure that doesn't mean that I didn't miss the treasure behind me
I sure I'll use binoculars that'll make me feel slightly better
It didn't even make me feel better. Here we go. All right
Look at that little guy
Oh, shit. Ashley
Don't spot the weight of that one. I should have just cheated
Oh, yeah, that's not a good mood
That's my president's daughter. God damn it. Where are these?
I just saw two guys and I guess they're gone
How did I have that vantage point before?
Hmm. I'm not really sure how I was seeing through this wall
I guess I'm just that good
Yeah, that that was pretty come on. Come on clap clap for me
Clap clap, please
Yes, clap clap we on
um
all right
I think it's just dead ahead of us. So
Just walk around
They're clapping for alien. I can see it in my brain
That's the twitch chip we put in his brain. Wait, now it's behind us. How is that even possible?
Oh, it's ahead of us. Oh my god. I'm so confused. I'm so easily confused by maps. Leon, take it easy
All right, I sense that a walking approach might be good here
I'll tactically walk
There's that fucking treasure. It's right above us
Oh, yeah
I'm not letting this one by hello diamond
I thought that was like a whole lamp or some shit. God damn it. Oh well
I'll take it. It is a diamond. That's pretty good. It'd be better if it was a lamp or a watch
Excuse me. Hello. Yeah, there might be some bad guys around there
Oh, never mind. Uh-oh
This feels suspiciously like
There could be pirates in this area
Okay
treasures
Inlay jammies
What gems are best
Assuming yellow is good because it seems to be rare
So, yeah, okay
And I don't know here. What's good red
Are these in any order?
Oh, I can just literally look red red 1.2 2. Wow two times
Three gen stones 1.4. Oh, so there's no advantage to just using a yellow
No
Two colors 1.1 do a duo is better
I did not realize this
I feel like a fool now
Can I take a gem out? Oh, I can
Yes, okay good red
Red who would have known that that was better
Anyone who hit tab is the answer
Anyone who looked at the screen for more than two seconds. Oh, I've got something new for you, man
Well, and I've got a gold bar for you
No, thank you merchant
A little bit
And just like that it's fully upgraded
Spanish Transylvania has a complex gem combo based economy
Yeah, some people say they're stuck in the middle ages, but I think it's honestly a more advanced way to do it
Um, this gun seems pretty good the assault rifle
But we'll just hold on to stuff for now
You know, you really do merchant you really do
Gold token
Limitless trades
Is this also limit with this freaking 30?
thing
Limitless. Oh, it's just it's not limitless
The one-time exclusive upgrade ticket
Huh, maybe I should just buy something else like this
I'm gonna get it
Might want to take care of any leftover errands before going
Oh, really? Is this more game or is this where pirates hang out?
Oh, this is where treasure is
Oh my god
There's nothing in this box what a disappointing box
This guy drops some stuff
Come on come on
I'll come on that's pretty good Leon. All right, we save
Boom
We've forged bravely ahead
Hey, there's a slight chance Leon
that you're going to um
Encounter a salazar back here
Just want to give you that little heads up
No, don't even worry about it
Just come through the door
I don't have anything crazy to show you
Just come right in
Oh my god, it's krauser
Damn she's looks like she has looked better
Got some real vany arms now
Good good
Oh damn Leon
Right in the head. It's a pretty good move. He did just give that guy a blood facial
Uh-oh
Oh my he does not look great
Hmm. Okay
Uh-oh
Is like
If we got to use the rifle rifle here
Uh-oh, okay, it's not oh Leon you look a little bad. You've looked a little better
Oopsie. Oh my god. Stop it. Stop it. There we go
dude
What the fuck? Okay. Well, um, just um, we might have
I got a little carried away there just running around
That's his kick. Yeah, he lost a lot of that. He lost a lot of leg there. He lost a full kicking leg there
That's my bad. That Leon was pretty good too
Hate to lose
Hate to lose a real cognizant Leon clone like that
Use your surroundings to what?
Avoid the to not get sprayed with acid. I guess that would make sense
But I wasn't trying to get sprayed with acid. I swear
Okay
All right, what's the deal here how start off with that
You
Some classic dialogue. Oh the golden egg that worked in the last game
That worked here. How do I get close to this thing though to hit him with an egg? Oh
I used it instead of equipping it
I this can't we might have to sacrifice this clone, but honestly, I'll probably do it without even meeting too
We'll just see how far we can get this one like Miyazaki music going on in here
Oh, all right. I see how this works now. Well, looks like I could maybe knock him out run up and just throw an egg at him
Oh shit, he's projecting. He's doing some projection
Ow
I'm getting Leon a little covered in acid here
That is on me part of me wants to lose
Because I fucked up that egg so badly
Oh
Oh
There he is
I don't know
Oh sick
I mean do it
I want to try throwing an egg at you
And I fucked it up
Egg me you bastard. Ow
Oh shoot. I won
Well, I'm gonna chalk it up to eating the egg is the reason that Leon won
The egg made him feel strong
That was the best egg I've ever had. I could not stop thinking about it that whole time
I mean, I ate it raw. I just popped that thing in my mouth and
It tasted like a five course meal
Just a whole
I ate it completely with the shell and it was a golden shell. It messed up my teeth and it was still good
Anyway, nice
Yeah, he proteined up
Oh, there's no other treasures in here. Okay
Fair enough. I guess we got them
Still have we still have pistol bullets. We got a pistol. We can't really look at this pile of thing
What kind of bug was this?
Damn, you know, and he was an occasional news correspondent
Leon's costing me employees now
If I could drop down from here
I didn't get everything
Okay
well
Uh
I guess we'll just consider that
a success
Ashley
No time to lose
Now back in the day, I remember getting bit by a snake very often in the little interlude here between the island and the castle
So have they stayed loyal to this premise and kept a snake in here
Oh, no snake. Oh my god. I have too much stuff. Oh, I also have way too much machine gun ammo
Uh
Minecraft anything rifle ammo after getting lip rouge. Good point. Leon's got the greatest treasure of all
I'm gonna miss Salazar, but um
He had a good run. I'm still going. I've got back into my coat
Come back for round two
Don't run from me you cowards
You think that's enough to beat me come back here
What stop leave? Okay, I guess you're leaving
Okay, I guess we didn't quite get him
That's uh my bad should totally into shooting with a few more times
I I shot him so much
Honestly, what the hell?
Uh-oh a boat
Hmm suspicious. Ooh good good rat shooting leon
Didn't drop anything. I feel like a fool
Sorry man. Okay. Well, let's down here
So far no signs of treasure
I think I probably need an island map though soon to know where all the treasures are
Oh, so this is the way out. No, it is the way I came in. Oh my god. I'm so stupid
I'm like
Worrying me how bad I am at understanding this worrying myself without bad. I'm understanding this map. All right, so we went this way
no treasure
So go this way
Yeah
How do you get a gun in dragon's dogma?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, this is dragon dog's ma dogma one
Not like everybody else rushing to play too
I failed you my lord
I was able to fulfill your final commandment and keep the boy from the path of wickedness switch boy
Got a glimpse of master Ramon's evil temperament during his younger years when he discovered a servant mocked him by you
uttering
A pole garcito behind his back he summoned
He was private changers after forcing an ill before him Ramon doused her face with a vial of vitrioli pulled from his pocket
A vial of vitriol
I was associate that with like spewing negative words
Uh, the young master watched with glee when the servant writhed in agony as the skin melted from her face
Oh, okay, it was acid
Uh, his twisted grin still haunts my dreams to this very day as time passed Ramon's treachery only deepened and that infernal cult
Soon I learned they could pray upon his vulnerable heart cursed the fiends
They manipulated master mon and turned him into their puppet worst of all they managed to use him and
Let's unleash plagues that the sell-offs of our family has fought so long and hard to keep sealed away and they were doing it themselves
Rest assured lord, Diego rest assured. I intend to watch over master Ramon until the very end
Whatever fate may be follow us as a faithful servant of the cells our family since birth. It's my duty and my penance to you
Damn, what a loyal ass housekeeper. Oh my god. There's a rat in here
Leon find the rat stuff
trying
Where is this fucking thing?
Here it's squeaking
Oh, there you are
Oh, I stabbed that rat. I just stabbed a rat
And I am proud of myself
You should be buddy. That was a good rat stab
All right
You can do anything is dragon dogsma dragons dogma a micro. I'm having trouble saying that name
Dragons dogma. Is that a microtransaction game?
Perfect
Won't have to swim after all
Oh, there's a book it just looks like uh, you know
oblivion plus
um
Dark souls to me
Like conceptually, but I I've heard it's good. I'm tempted to play it honestly, but I feel like I never
Make it very foreign games like that. Like if the game is too big, I just get overwhelmed and quit
Although I did play all of Elden Ring. So
That game had a did a good job of sucking you in with the world that world really sucked you in
Oh my god, it's his girlfriend
Damn it for all these months still looking fit
chapter end
an Elden Ring eventually at first I was going for like just a standard ass like
reasonably quick sword build
Then I beat that one guy like the
There's like a lion that you can fight kind of early in the game
It's like a male formed lion guy and he just drops a sword that's like covered in other swords
And it was just dumb enough that I just became a heavy strength built
um
And used basically only that sword for the rest of the game, but I think I might have robbed myself of uh
Of it being slightly more fun because mostly you just dodged and then
You know do one big swing with that sword
Just on repeat
Yes, it might work
I think I will play the aided DLC
You know, I might even play the mercenaries uh maps
To try to at least clear whatever high score things you need to to get stuff
If if dragons dogma has like I enjoy the combat in souls games, which is part of what pulls me through them usually
So if I enjoyed the combat of dragons dogma
Um, I'm sure I could play it all the way through
I mean, that's part of the reason I like this game is I just enjoy shooting guys in the head and then kicking them
I have something to ask you
But I don't play it cool straight answer. Oh
Dude look at these two
raccoon city
You know after the incident
The world changed extra lore drops to try to save one person a hundred others die
Because I changed too you
Leon s kennedy she knows his name you haven't changed
You just think you have
That's some steamy dialogue right there
So here's my question. Yeah, I agree. It's horrified. I think that the weapon system and everything is great and souls games generally
Or are you just trying to use me again? What do you think we're here? I think you're using it, man
Oh my god, she's got a battering. Don't think too hard handsome
See you later
Not my brother in chat
I think you
You could get this game right Ryan because you have the
Oh, wait. No, it's not on ps4
Well, you oh, I gotta give you a fucking pc. You know what I'm doing that this weekend
If anyone in chat is a real pc head that has any recommendations for
More or less a pre-built pc
Let me know
I'm gonna
Um, basically send my brother the one to get
Oh, it's on ps4. Well then Ryan you could play this on ps4
Or you played on a high power high performance gaming pc
What the heck?
Oh my god, they've got an ashly
There you are
All right
Wow final fantasy guys
We must defeat the evil shinron
Or whatever the company in that game is called
Shinra
Been a while
NZXT that might have been the site you sent me not my brother
Dude dj music might be in here somewhere
Who how's that treating your reverie?
I played half of the first remake and then
I have a bad habit clearly of not finishing games, but I did enjoy it
It just died. I don't know I end up getting busy and then I lose I lose the will
Yeah, I mean I could just use basically the same build I have and send it to him
But I don't think my brother wants to have to put a pc together
Um, but you know he can he's budgeted for like a pretty a pretty hefty one
I'm guessing we don't want to walk into that
Should I just walk into that?
Look at these guys
They seem kind of fun. I mean I like lasers
Um, let's just we'll find another way Leon. It has 900 minigames
Those those games can go a little you go a little wild on the minigames for my taste
Yeah, don't worry. I do see the merchant. I'm just checking for a um any pirate action
I'm pretty sure we're owed one more pirate encounter in this game. Welcome. I've got something new for you
Oh, do you?
Well, I've got
A cubic device for you
I guess we can sell it. I guess we don't need any more
Almost anything. Well, will you buy a cubic device? Turns out yes
Will you buy lip rouge?
Turns out absolutely
We're rich. We're rich with rouge
The lip rogue
Um, oh shit. Well, I already committed to a different shotgun, but look at this bad boy
A broken butterfly I have no space
But I want it
But I have no space for it
What else can I sell?
I could sell this fully upgraded bolt thrower that I'm just not using at all
Kendall, how you doing?
We'll just tune our current stuff, huh?
What's that?
Pretty good. We're
Working at the CIA again playing rather than evil
Kendall has CIA clearance to hang out in here
Want to say hi?
Welcome from a nap. Yeah
CIA napping
Look at these moves
Tamtran coming through with the five subs in honor of those Kendall moves Kendall keep dancing
Yeah, that's why they get tamtran in support of that. Look at these
We're in the CIA EDM cave right now in honor of all these lasers
I don't have lasers. Unfortunately. I do have this
Not seen anything lying strange
Yeah, oh my god
A thousand bitties for microphone 900 five subs from tamtran. That's the power of these Kendall moves
He's making money moves right now
If I if I was at the shooting gallery at ask if you want to play
That's a no
That's a hard pass from CIA Kendall
I've got a selection of good things on sale stranger. Tune in up the band. Um
Oh, we were upgrading this okay molding a weapon to suit your specific needs
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Give me this
There you are as you wish to come back any time
They don't have chips
Well, I'm gonna play for 31 minutes and then we'll get food
Yes apologies for stepping on your secret kevin audio
But I sincerely do appreciate the bits
All those proprietary, um kevin audio clips that I had him come in and record for me for sure
All right, let's see. Where were we going here? Yeah game time
Okay
Salt in my map
Oh, shit actually I think that merchant sells me map
Ah gun rhymes welcome. What I cut him off. He's about to make a sick joke
No, I don't have enough placentas
I need more placenta
Years haven't been kind to us. I suppose. Can I just buy pesetas? I guess I can't
Fuck I blew it man
Will you just give me shit, dude
I can't threaten the merchant. We're too close. We're too close for that
Was Rob healthy tailgating Kendall yesterday? Maybe
Oh, just when you were driving yesterday and uh, you're getting tailgated while I called you on stream
Well, you showed them Kendall by keeping your cool
How could he do that to you?
Oh, I get over there
Ha the cave epitaph
MDCC XLI
Spelled by the militant wicked. We find ourselves in exile withered as the grass barren are the trees
We wait in X uh
Expiation the isolated island our purgatory yet to spare not brothers and sisters
Our time shall come
Kendall did get banned you got banned from the road by rob elvi
Don't worry. His bands don't have much of an effect. Okay. That's not the way
Oh, it's
That looks like a secret
Yeah
Hey, let's go the other way
1741. Yeah, we've entered a time paradox on this island
It's now the year 1741
Really don't know where to go. I feel like I can't just walk through this laser show without Leon getting murdered
Oh
Yeah, well that adds up. What if I press it again?
Okay, that's what happens. It's important to check
What if I pressed it again and it just killed all these guys for me
It might have who's to say? Oh my gosh, this place can
This is a wet island
It's one of the wettest
Man, it's gonna take out that stone
That's not the merchant. We don't have that much rifle left. I guess let's just
You gotta come at it from the other angle
What's up, dude?
Damn it
Oh, I should have been sneaky
Oh, man, I gotta fight a
poor guy
I wanted to shoot this guy in the head and I have to pay the price
That's not fair
What's up my man? Oh, that's a suplex daddy
Who else wants them I'll just hang out over here. Don't mind me. Everybody come this way
Yeah, there we go. We got a taker. Hello. You took a minute to die. Wow
Oh
Okay
What the fuck is happening here?
Big guy sounds very close. Oh, yes. Oh
It wasn't so bad
Out of the way. All right
His neck okay, let's do that again
Oh, he's in position. Oh, yeah, that's a classic suplex
Oh
Dude leon leon needs wrestling entrance music
When he engages in these fights
All right, who else who else wants um feels like they're right around me, but I guess they're not
I guess they're up there
Hello
Oh, look at this. Ow. What are you doing you asshole?
Welcome to the kick show. He survived the kick. All right. Who else is around me?
Oh son of a bitch. Oh, there he is
Oh, I could have dodged that head popping
Oh leon should get a theme
Okay, nice
Oh, all right
Place is now safe
It's totally safe now
Oh, that would be a good. That's see these are the mods we need
A mod to give leon edge just randomized wrestling finishers
That could be your new hobby with the new computer
Is you just mod resident evil 4 to include these wonderful things? Oh god
Okay, it was fine
That was intentional band was showing off his rolls. You see that roll as a double gainer
double gainer off the hut
just by the laser
classically on move
I really wish I had the Mercedes to buy that treasure map. I can feel myself just missing treasures here
What the what?
Hey, we need some room
We do need some room. You know, I'm not okay. This thing is loaded
Okay, it's not even on my wheel of weapons
Oh damn it. How do I oh stop it
What the oh, how do I do a thing with you? Um
Register shortcut
Yeah, there we go
That free up spit did not I got to use this thing for a while. Damn. I have so much of it
This'll free up space for us
Yeah, who does keep following me with the spotlight. They're doing a good job
Oh, it's just a little AI
Little bit of an AI spotlight
Okay, that did not stop it
That's the real mystery
Where does the light come from? Oh just there I guess
I gotta stop being so stupid for two seconds
Can I go in here? No
And there was no more treasure in here
Okay, we're good to move on
We've done a thorough sweep of the area and probably still missed the very obvious box of treasure somewhere
Treasure, please
Leon hungry and Leon need treasure
Nothing
Wait, this feels still in the way to me. Oh, I see
It's a slight puzzle
Good thinking Leon
What I thought was I'll go where the lasers aren't
And it paid off this time
So curious if I went in there if I just have a good time though
They're pretty good lasers. They are
They honestly are call kp
Kevin has some pretty good laser equipment speaking of a secret kevin facts
secret kevin voices
I'm not here. Ignore me
It didn't work Leon you have to fight him
Damn it. I just want to suplex him. Thank you
Oh, whoopsie ow
Could have done that a little better
entirely ideal
Out kevin has lasers. I don't know what he does. He once put on a whole laser show at his apartment
Back when he still had things like apartments before he evolved
To be a wheeled creature. Oh my gosh. What's going on with these things?
Open your mouth open your mouth
Open your mouth
Yeah
Oh my gosh anonymous with two super subs. You know what that means. There's a papito forth coming
Open your mouth
Open your dang mouth. All right, it didn't have to open its mouth
Um
All right one second. Let me get papito for us
Um
Frick everybody. Okay
Uh, we're good to go papito. Uh, we'll be filling in for me
remotely
From his papito layer
So let's get him in here
Uh, pito, how are you doing?
pito
Oh my god, papito is not showing up
Pito, where are you?
Sorry, everybody. Pito's being difficult for some reason. Okay
Should be a papito here
Ah, there he is. There's our there's our guy
Uh, papito. I'm gonna need you to handle this for me again from your remote lab pito lab location
Hope you're doing well, but thank you for filling in for me. You know, I could use a break. This is some pretty hard handling I've been doing
Absolutely
I'm assuming to get your hand out of here. I'm assuming
I know exactly how to do this. I'm a creature of instincts
less likely on
But this should be
No problem. Oh
Hey, what's that for? Uh
Okay, get out of here. All right. All right. We're in it now. Um
Let's see
Do
Only on my advice would be to break that
Yes, that's good
Oh, and there's a little thing I would eat that probably if it's shiny
My advice would be eat it
You're not eating it though. So that's weird
um
Well
Are you sure?
Usually I sell those
Oh these guys rock up to them and do
Do pet their legs
People like leg pets. So pet their legs. That's good. Okay. Now give them a good head pet. Okay. Nice
Okay, pet his leg a little more
At the legs he's liking it. He's liking you'll be your friend soon. You gotta pet the legs on your head pet
Okay, good
But this music is fun
Yes, get the boxes. Who knows what's in there. Okay. Eat those. Good job. Eat those later. I guess you're busy
Okay, check what's in that box. You're gonna want to eat that too
Okay, that looked pretty tasty. If it's shiny again, it's it's safe to eat
Okay. Oh and a little neck pat nice
A little deep neck massage for him. Oh, and he liked it so much. He fell right asleep
That's lovely
Hmm
Take out of that you're gonna want to get in there
Oh, uh-oh
That man is trying to play a game with you like you're a cat, but I'm a dog
So
Hey, I used the binoculars to get a better look at what he's doing
Like we're not cats. We don't need that. What the heck these guys are
Nothing less than friendly. Oh, okay
Is that like a super soaker? What do you got there? Oh my gosh that laser stuff pointer guys. That's a wild laser pointer
What's this?
Okay, I would
I'm playing a little aggressively and when other dogs play aggressively, it's good. You got a little distance. Yeah
Nice moves
Okay
Playing fetch with little balls or something. That's fun
Okay
You're really rough housing with these guys
This is some aggressive play
Oh, yeah
Nice move. Okay
Well, if you get the opportunity to smell their butts, I mean definitely do
Okay
Usually when I'm attacking someone I'm invincible. So that's weird that you're not
That's one of the things about me. That's pretty good
Really taking your time playing with these guys. You can hurry it up. Oh, that's good. That's that's good
That happens sometimes after a good run of aggressive play
One of the other dogs heads will explode off. That can happen. Oops and it happened twice
All right, everybody had fun and they've gone home to
Like to have dinner
Yay, this is a fun game
Okay
Well the little laser pointer guy is gone. Whoopsie. Where is he? Where is he shooting? Oh, that is a guy. Okay
Okay, you don't want to use up all your treats because you're gonna want to save some of those for later
um
I'm assuming everything you're holding you're eventually gonna want to eat
That's what I would do at least
Uh-oh
That guy did not care about
He's throwing those balls in
That's really fast little balls. He liked to throw
What the heck
Okay, you got a good Leon
What the hell has happened? I feel like I'm phasing in and out of reality. All right
I
Appreciate you saying I'm a good leader. I do agree. I think I am
And I will try to eat all of this stuff later
Right now. I'm I am busy running around breaking things
But I will get on this and I will try eating some of this gold. I mean
Maybe it's a new diet or something. I'm always looking for new ways to get more rid
That's smart. It's important to have a balanced and varied diet of whatever you find
I'm aggressively okay. Nice. He gave you a treat or your good work
Okay, I'll look around for more stuff in case there's extra treats hiding around
Have I relocated yet? I relocate it will I'm a creature of the
Of the streets of the strays
Dirk, uh, but case has not relocated yet and I often hear him saying
The apartment
It's stupid. I who knows is everything seems fine, but he seems bothered by it because he's like
He's mad and I don't care
So the short answer is case is not relocated
Going on back here
So much wet stuff you should try licking all of it
Any good smells going on here? It looks like this place. It has some pretty good smells going on
I'm so jealous you get to smell all this stuff all this wet grime and sort of just
Mold and just general grossness. That's like gotta have some good smells in there
Oh, yeah, that's one thing tripping. I bonded over as we're both creatures of the streets
But but him by seemingly by choice, which is odd because they're not nice
Um, what's over there? Nothing
We came this way, right?
The way we came yeah, oh dumb am I
I'm smart actually. I'm a smart. I'm talking. I'm pretty smart for a dog. This is the way we came though, right?
This is an indifference secret
Yes, this is the way we can okay
Emergence that way
What am I moving in with fifi? Oh, I'll do that
Let me know when she's available to pick me up because I will move it
I'll move in today. I'm no problem doing that
Yep, I'm papito
Can I kick it? Yes, you can. Oh, that's pretty good. That's gotta be the new sub go for sure
Okay
Cases whispering in my ear in the previous game. There were secret areas in this area. Okay. I think we found it Lea
Oh my gosh
Okay, make some stuff
Yeah, yeah
Smash stuff together. Good. You're doing good keep smashing stuff together
Nice, okay. Yeah. Yeah, you can sort of rub that on the ground and see if it makes anything
You don't have enough you don't have enough stuff. Okay. I make that stuff
Nice
Okay, now grab that. Yeah, we're doing it
Kendall is moving with case
And then then if he lives with her it's like I have two mommy's but one prime mommy, which is Fiona
Our case only has one. Oh, there wasn't that much stuff
Hummer
Okay, get the fuck out of here Lea and you're being slow
Good good work. Keep moving move run around. That's what I do. Good. Yeah, open things
Run around and stuff roll on the ground a little bit. Okay. You don't have time
That's fine
But at some point you're gonna want to roll your back on the ground if you feel stressed out
It will relieve stress trust me
Okay
In my experience sometimes when there's a bunch of guys looking creepy you don't want to alert them to your presence. Oops, you did
All right, you notice you're fine. I guess you shot them with us with a stealth
toy
All these guys
Wow, they can really take those
Toys you're using like a
Ow, what the heck?
Oh, no
It's like he's not having a good day now. I think still alive
Okay, run away. That's his head. Good job and then pet it again. Nice
That's a petting combo
Oh, it wins some neck pets. Okay
And yeah, just smell as much of this stuff as you can
You're gonna want to see how much of this stuff you can smell
Oh, I hear a fun noise. That's that noise sounds fun. What's going on there?
Oh my god
Where is this fucking thing
Every time
I don't know
They're impossible to find
And I'm I'm I'm like I've got eagle vision basically
But I I hear it like where the where the is it, you know
Honestly, where the is this?
Excuse me
Where's the little guy I got a shoot I can't see
A goddamn thing
It's all just wet machinery. Where's the wet machinery I want to shoot
Oh my god a treasure
Well, it was really this was sent to distract me from the fact that there was a treasure right there
Well, what the fuck I don't I never know where those guys are. I feel bad that I'm blowing it, but what can you do?
You can't do anything sometimes
Also, I don't know what you're talking about
All I hear is a little squeaky noise and I think it's fun
No advice for you. You got it. That's it. You got him. You got the little guy
Good job. I'm an expert fine little guys
Uh, I feel like I cheered you on
Who was that? Oh, it's a door you can open. Okay. Look around more
Yeah, yeah, look up there
What's there's like boxes that you can break and you can eat what's inside
Seems like the main way to go
I don't know which way's the main way
Hmm, this seems to be the main way
Sub-objective
It's like those things cases constantly make. Uh-oh, it's the bomb
That's right. What's that gonna do? Okay, this seems like the main way to go
So I guess go back and check that other thing. We have not run into any pirates yet
But
You never know because they're pirates. They'll show up anywhere. They they only obey the laws of the way
Don't look like I can get in through here. Oh, okay
Pirates, please
Um pirates, please. There's some alarming noises in here
Little guy
Again, I would advise eating that but you can hold on to it for later if you really want
I don't know what you're doing right now. This doesn't make sense to me
You are back in time. Uncle Phil 2k. I am agent Pappito. I am a government officer
I work for the good of the country to make sure
All the guys out in the island smell the right stuff
and eat the right
ground food
Yeah, come in let him come towards you
He wants to say hi, so just let him
He slipped
Okay, yeah, good. Pet his head. Pet his head. Nice. I can give him a big head pet. Good
Okay, once more you want him to sleep with how much he enjoyed that. Okay
Thank you and salute to you
I'm busy with my paws or I'd be saluting with my paws that aren't human hands
What button to press yeah, go ahead and press that smart moves
Oh, it became a different color that often means
Is just try licking it try like okay, you're not gonna lick it. That's fine
But I would advise licking that color you just change just to see if it tastes different
Okay, maybe like this maybe look in there
Okay, you're doing more looking than licking but you're doing okay. Yeah communication so important microphone 900. Um
It's a great way to establish trust with your owner is to communicate
That's why I learned to talk
Oh, you already went up there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Oh going there now
Nice you open the door
Ashley
She's she's tired
Let her rest
Shit. No, don't be mad. She's sleeping. Sometimes you got to let him
She probably already used the bathroom. She's probably good
Oopsie
You slipped and I forgive you
Oh, look at that guy. Is that a dog?
Go ask him
He's coming to say hi
Okay
Yeah, give him a nice pet. Okay. You like that try again. Okay. Try again
Okay, and he is relaxed. Good job. Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa
Well caution, there's wet floors in here. I know what that means. I trained myself to know what the
The ceiling's on fire. So just keep that in mind. I need it when the ceiling is on fire
Hmm
This says you can climb up that
Can't read but I just can sense that you can climb that
Okay, you can't go that. Okay, you can't go that way
So when you came in
I go up the thingy
Part of me feels like you're missing objects that you could look and taste but I guess just do you man
You want to show his big stick? Oh, that's fun. If it's too big, I can't carry it around but
Sometimes I may be surprised. I can look around a pretty big stick
Block at a couple of blocks and get bored with it. Hmm. So that guy
In a bad mood, he got annoyed with you
You're being too slow to play
And that's uh, you're gonna want to make it up to him by giving him a really aggressive head pads. Good work
Give him another one. Okay, and now make sure he's having a good time and you did. Okay
This guy's having a little fun too, so
A little rough, rough housing. That's good. All right
You're using up a lot of treats though
Oh, what's this?
Okay, that was a little uncalled for
You're gonna want to establish boundaries
Yeah, yeah, yeah eating stuff always makes me feel better too
Just eat whatever
Little neck pat. He likes that. He's relaxed now
There's no lick button. Well, that's he's gonna do it
Sometimes he can't lick at the button. You have to feel it naturally
Okay
What? Oh, no, it seems like everybody's having a good time. A lot of aggressive play
Um, which it's just a sign of a healthy dog
So nothing to be and also a lot of wet surfaces, which I'm a fan of
So far this is pretty relaxing
A lot of things to smell in here. He's not smelling as much as I'd like
But you know, that's why I'm the big shot and he's just the field agent
Someday he'll get to my level
I'm going to make Ashley Fiona. Can we do that?
Because I would appreciate that if we can do that
Because I do that see her very much who be honest
But nothing and that's not me calling her out. She can do whatever she needs to because she's the boss
Oh, what the camera's going crazy
Okay
Hey much stuff you can break. Okay, just watch over that weird string
I guess it's fine
Oh, are there rats in this game?
I'm friend to the rats. So be sure to be kind to the rats. Hey, there's one. Okay. Good. He's relaxed
Oh, there's one relax him as well. He's stressed
And that guy was stressed out he wanted to play with a rat
But you were playing with the rat. So that was rude
Okay, play with this rat. Good. You calmed him down. You is being
Please get worked up. You relaxed them
With a nice heavy ball pet sauce. Thanks so much for the braid
Hope you had a great stream
Frankly, I'm working for the cia
That's sort of what I'm up to right now on my on on the stream. I'm it's a capito takeover
Of the fbi
Um, I saw through the puzzle as well
I've got some new items in stock
Come take a look. What do you have pirates in stock?
No pirates
Oh, but look at all that meat. You're okay. It's a little got a lot of good flies around it too. So you're gonna want to get that
We're gonna want to let me what's he doing? Let's freak him out. Oh, it's chicken egg
Definitely eat that
Stranger welcome. They've got something new for you
Braid items sell to my recipes that cash in your pocket all your life
Standard power
We're gonna elegant brown won't do you much good in the grave. Oh, they won't shoot
Okay, well
Say that we've done a good job you save here
I think we're gonna say because I think
Um case needs to feed his candle
So we're gonna call it
Leona are you good to you if you get to relax for just a little bit?
Just relax
Um, yeah, you don't I'll say like that
But yeah, I I mean I okay great
Um, finally beating hurry for you. We did not we did not fully beat it
But we're on the the ideas were on the cross. We're on the path to beating it
We're on that easy march towards victory
Peter will be back for more agent papitoing now that he has been unlocked
Um, but for now we are saved
I can't wait for these pirates. I miss the pirates
I need these pirates to halt all my progress
Yeah, I might play this weekend if I have time a little weekend stream
Let's see who's on austin shows in a is in a tub
16 000 people are watching austin show in a bathtub seems about right
um
Looks like uh
Like dylan is on playing the last of us. I've rated dylan in a while
Like dylan is on okay shut up
Let's see what's what dylan's up to let's send him a little love. All right
It's a spanish transylvania raid
Thanks for this brief little
For me a marathon stream of two hours of gaming my god
Well, hopefully hopefully now that I have the uh
RE4 setup working I can just play this a little more often until we're finally done
I have a good night as well
Have a good weekend if I don't see you we'll be back on monday with the usual podcasting nonsense
And uh, if I have time maybe I'll I'll resume a little bit this weekend
Gaming
It's like this whole platform was designed for it and not ranting at yourself
But either way we'll be back. Have a great weekend. I'll talk to you all soon. Uh, bye. Bye