I'm Papito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Case Blackwell said I could win the Olympics in crew meeting Jack and that ain't no breadwalk.
Seven, six, five, four, three, two, one, let's do this!
I'm Papito!
Oh yeah, it's news time.
Good to see everybody. Shotc402000, Greg T. RevriWolf, DufusKnife.
Live and sleazy, DufusKnife underrated name to say out loud.
Excellent choice.
JayMoney, CommanderGeb.
Live and sleazy, the master mod.
I think Sabrichi, the master mod, and sneaking around in here somewhere as well.
AppleDaple, great to see you all.
Doing a little later news today.
My constant target of 12.30.
Bought a pipe dream.
Where is the new jacket? I don't know.
They also haven't given me a refund for it despite sending in all the info they asked for it.
So I think I just basically burned $30 in effigy to, well sorry, I guess munched it.
So I guess we have to figure out a new one.
Maybe we can do that because there's already been a debate, a debate demanded.
I'd refuse to order from Sheen again, ever.
A, it seems like full-on sweatshop labor and interacting with them to try to get $30 back has been a humongous waste of time.
But maybe we can find, I don't know, I'm willing to spend more.
Yeah, Amazon would be fine.
Do a charge back from your bank.
I guess I'm honestly just done with it.
I've wasted $30 on dumber things.
I've probably wasted, you know, if I were to value my hours as money, I've wasted many money hours.
Sheen customer service.
I would like the way munch looks.
You know what I'd love to find though, is anyone that does like, if you can get like a screen printed jacket interior,
I'd just like to know that there's something dumb in their jacket.
Or maybe munch, it's munch's decision unfortunately, so.
I can't, I can't decide for them.
Oh yeah, I mean I could probably find it.
I haven't done any googling because I've been too annoyed actually calling Sheen customer service.
You know a guy who knows a guy?
Oh my god, what does that even mean?
I know a guy.
Oh yeah, I'm sure you know some guys.
Yeah, I've seen a bunch of guys.
Should I make you a jacket?
Um, I, can you?
I don't know, what's a jacket?
You're wearing one.
Is it my pants?
If you know what pants are.
I don't.
I just see two potatoes.
Is he moving that fast now?
I'm just gonna have Jack, microphone and a 900 just mama jam, 500 shiny tasty coins,
and I've been dying to say this.
What's that Mr. President?
I be all our blood, I have all my original teeth and didn't sound a loony tune.
You do sound like a real president for sure.
You see me run so fast?
I created a double image like in the anime, drunken Balzi.
Why are you talking like this?
Like in the anime, the rock on Balzi or the anime, Naruto.
You watch the animes now?
I don't know what anime is, case.
The words coming out of my mouth are but a strange echo of my instinctual mind.
All right, Pepitos on one today.
Jeb can learn how to make a blazer?
That's true.
That's definitely a thing we could look up.
Dragon Ball Z there's at least two.
Yeah, at least two animes.
Okay, well, let's do a news and then we'll do a debate.
I just love to start off with a little bit of news,
so let's see what's happening in the world.
Look at fucking rocks.
It's Sammy's seven elbows.
Seven bows? I could work.
I'm still workshopping a new nickname.
Still?
It's always a nickname.
It's always a work in progress.
Language evolves.
It's like nicknames.
One day is seven elbows.
The next day is 17 inches.
Everyone's so penis obsessed on the stream.
And who's fault is that, case?
The gods that are petty and cruel.
Oh man, speaking of the gods being petty and cruel,
I know this is kind of old news at this point,
but is this tweet still up?
Cut the music, Sammy.
We have to do news.
Okay, I know when it's time to get serious.
Damn it, he makes too many tweets for me to know.
If this is still up.
The man with a bunch of elbows? I guess, yeah.
He claims to have them the most.
Did he delete this tweet?
Oh, okay, yeah. Here's the tweet.
Here's a tweet for the ages, for the ancients.
For Zeus himself.
What you talking about?
Check it out, Sammy. This is pretty good.
What am I looking at here?
Your freaking screen is fucked up.
Oh, okay, here we go.
This is from Kevin Sorbo,
what your frickin' Rick Anthem goal is blocking it.
But that's Kevin up there.
He says, if Kamala really is black,
have her say the n-word.
Let the people decide for themselves.
Yeah, that was sort of the hottest tweet of August 8th,
in my opinion.
How dare he bring shame to the Kevin name?
You know?
I just really feel like he was sitting on that one for a while.
He's like the next time.
It's too bad I watched a lot of you, was it young Hercules?
Young Hercules? Was it young Hercules or just Hercules?
Hercules and the adventures?
Young Hercules is a disem, is this?
This is young Hercules.
Look at these guys.
No, it was just Hercules.
Young Hercules was Ryan Gosling?
Gosling?
I'm seeing multiple versions of young Hercules.
Anyway, which one of these versions is going to say the n-word?
No, he wants Kamala to say the n-word.
And then we decide, is that a bad idea?
I mean, I don't think it's a good idea.
What's the w-
I can't say it, but I can tell when people are supposed to.
I don't think you're who gets to decide, Sammy.
If I'm not me, then who?
I think it's probably black people.
It's just taking the word n-word.
But isn't it my guys that came up with it?
Italian guys?
I thought us Italians came up with all the slurs.
Oh, that's also offensive, Sammy.
Who came up with it?
I don't know.
I don't know, Sammy.
Can I take credit?
Why do you want credit for coming up with it?
What is cultural heritage if you can't take credit
for the greatest slurs?
Got me sounding like a dial-up modem.
Yeah, that's fair, Card King.
Sammy, I just would just take credit for anything else.
Go with the Colosseum or something.
What stood the test of time more?
The most offensive slurs or the Colosseum?
Hmm.
I'd say both are ruinous.
All right, what are we talking about today?
Well, on topic of terrible tweets,
I just saw a bunch of Elon Musk news, so...
Oh, Jesus Christ, really?
I gotta talk about this fucking guy?
I'm afraid so.
What slur can I call Elon Musk?
Just don't call people slurs.
You can just call him an idiot.
He's a genius case.
I've heard that said at least a thousand times now, so...
You saying in a couple hundred that he's not isn't going to convince me.
It's just the amount of time someone is called a genius?
Yeah, that's it. Check the scoreboard, man.
Jabroni?
Is that a slur against Italians?
It sounds Italian.
I'm not qualified to say Sammy.
Well, I guess I'm not either, because I don't know.
Yes, we can agree that neither of us are qualified.
Jamoke? Sure.
You know what? I gotta stop reading stuff like this.
I'm gonna have to look up another list of acceptable terms if I'm not careful.
All right, well, instead I'll just read this acceptable news.
Musk over X compliance.
Oh, sorry.
Elon Musk over X compliance.
He fights back with vulgar tropic thunder meme.
What is... What's going on with the world?
Ex-Odin Elon Musk pushed back against European Union official who warned him about compliance with the bloc's new digital services act.
DSA. I got a lot of fucking DSA flyers for some reason.
And whenever I follow up to the address on him, it's just a bunch of fucking kids.
It's just like a bunch of fucking kids in like khakis and flannel.
Last time you followed up on him like 1999? Yeah.
Well, it's a different DSA.
Musk borrowed a colorful phrase from Tom Cruise's foul mouth character in the 2008 comedy,
Tropic Thunder for his response, which essentially amounted to,
Go shove it if you're being polite.
What? I don't know. Where's the fucking tweet?
Elon Musk EU tweet.
Fortune's being so cute with this story.
Let's just go straight to the source.
Elon and JK Rowling getting sued in French court.
Oh, good. Let's look that up. They fucking deserve to get sued.
I don't know if this is the tweet, but this is him talking about it.
The European Commission offered Ex-In-Ilegal secret deal if we quietly censored speech without telling anyone.
The other platform accepted that deal. When's this even from?
This is from July, case.
Shit. Where's the stupid tweet?
Elon, you tweet too fucking much. I can't even find your offensive tweets.
It's in here somewhere. Don't worry.
We just need a more adventurous link, linking story then.
Oh, great audience in it. Where's your fucking tweet, Elon?
Okay. I guess let's just go with this story off the independent.
Maybe they'll at least tell us what the tweet was.
This is the story of the century. We need to know what this tweet was.
Oh, Jesus. Look at these two.
He might be a genius, but he is difficult to look at.
The smarter you get, the worse you look.
That's why George R. R. Martin looks like a hobbit.
What? He's one of the smartest guys.
He invented a whole world of dragons in his head, but it cost him everything.
Now he looks like a hobbit grandpa.
That's not how looks work.
I kept my brain very neutral, and that's why I'm slightly handsome.
Come on, at least slightly.
Thank you so much, exterminator, for the tier one for 21 months.
I can't find this tweet, but here's Elon Musk and Donald Trump talking.
Part of the reason why I was excited to endorse you as the president of the United States
for having another term here is that was just incredibly inspiring.
I mean, what was it like for you?
Not pleasant.
Oh, shit. Kendall's here.
You called? Really? Maybe my phone's dead.
I did not send you the voicemail.
I never did that. It's never been that way.
I really didn't. I really didn't.
How are you doing, Kendall?
He didn't pick up the phone.
There's Kendall crossing in the wind.
Nice try case. It was not me.
It wasn't me.
You got a beautiful woman, and you just don't know how to treat him.
Send all your girlfriends.
Sammy's weight.
Acid reflux.
A, grow Sammy, and B, also gross.
Don't burp up while you say stuff like that.
Kendall wants to interrupt for a second. That's fair.
You got to stand on this side of me.
Why is it like that?
That's new. Isn't it?
It's just some things.
Is that your girlfriend, Sammy?
I brought my girlfriend to my girlfriend.
You like her?
This is like cut off.
They're fusing.
She's just standing behind her. She's polite like that.
Oh, behind you, bro.
Yeah. There they go.
You bought my Netflix login info?
Yeah, so I could prepare for tonight.
You don't have to watch it with me.
I kind of need to make footnotes down for myself.
I have to figure out what the Netflix login info is,
because I think it's my brother's account.
Here it is.
That's so close to my password.
I'm not going to say it, but that's hilarious.
You see the email?
You can take a picture.
Don't show your phone screen.
Everyone will have my brother's Netflix password.
Unless this account doesn't work anymore.
That's the right account.
That's the right account.
They're most scared of each other.
Why isn't this just this little bit?
You see?
Well, if you look at the wide here,
you're looking at the wide there.
It's not the same in the wide, but do you see what could be happening?
That's hilarious.
It all makes sense.
No problem.
You bet Sammy picks up what his girlfriend calls.
I do. That's why she's here.
She said, can I come to work with you?
She puts quotes as was her.
Everybody puts quotes around the word work here.
That's fair.
Anyway, I answered she's here now.
Kendall's here too.
She had to come without you even picking up the phone.
You're a bad man.
That's all it takes?
Anyway, we were listening to Donald Trump and Elon Musk talking.
I think the fact that we were interrupted while doing that is a sign that we can stop.
I cannot find...
I don't know if that's fucking worse.
I cannot find this stupid tweet.
Here's... try this story, Sammy.
Don't wash me around.
Eh...
Okay, so what's happening?
The European Union said a warning letter to the multi-billionaire reminding him of the bloc's rules against promoting harmful content.
But what harmful content is he promoting?
Most of the platform?
Oh yeah, the most of the platform is pretty bad.
I forgot.
The Tropic Thunder film meme of Tom Cruise reading,
Take a big stick pack and literally fuck your own face.
Got him.
That counts as got him?
That's one of the most brutal things you can say to a guy.
Fuck your own face.
The forgotten art of insult is just cursing a lot.
Just was a little...
Take a break around when Tropic Thunder came up.
Feels a little early 2000s.
Oh, everybody's gotta be so...
I'm cutting edge, I don't say.
Get fucked with you shit, dumbass.
What?
Go get fucked with your whole shit face, dumbass.
Or maybe I'll feed you my bitch stick out of my poop fuck.
Ya bitch.
Got him.
Damn.
Take six steps back and fuck your own fuck, puss.
You little bitch fuck.
I'm getting destroyed today.
Why don't you?
You know what?
Why don't you?
Take eight steps back
into a little fucking bitch, puss.
And fuck your own shit, stick.
You little cock fuck.
Oh my god, I'm getting absolutely taken to task today.
Why don't you?
Fuck your whole fuck bitch with your shit, puss ass.
Fuck penis, cock fuck shit mouth.
Ya mother.
Okay, stop it.
You got me.
That's what Elon must have been.
That's why he's a genius.
I can't fucking get it because we're normal guys with normal brains.
That can't be true.
Nah, I think we're normal.
The European Union sent a warning letter to the multi-billionaire anyway, told him to get fucked with their faces some shit, and it was great.
Everybody applauded.
The letter from EU Digital Commissioner Theory, Britain, warned X was subject to the EU Digital Services Act, DSA again.
Let me clarify that any negative effect or illegal content on X in the EU, which could be attributed to the ineffectiveness of the way in which X applies,
the relevant provisions of the DSA may be relevant in the context of the ongoing proceedings and the overall assessment of X's compliance with EU law.
And then everybody fell asleep.
If they had said, Elon Musk said just to take steps back and fuck our own face, well I actually took eight steps forward and I fed my fuck stick to his shit hole.
Then everybody would have, can we do applause?
Is that a thing? Can you hit the fucking applause please?
That's what would have happened.
Oh fuck it teleport me away.
Fiddle my applause, break.
Sorry, that wasn't intentional.
They said they went with this boring shit and everybody fell asleep.
Sucks.
Anyway, blah blah blah, I urge you to promptly ensure the effectiveness of your systems and report measures taken to my team.
This is why they suck though.
They're just trying to talk about like hurting people and like spreading damaging lies and stuff.
Nobody gives a shit about that.
I kind of care about that.
Yeah, but you're fucking boring.
You don't care that much.
I care a little.
It's also really annoying how bad Twitter is.
It's not even worth scrolling half the time anymore.
But there's like, honestly I've met a lot of really nice women on Twitter.
Sammy, every reply at like almost every thread has a couple really nice ladies in it.
And they've often dated the guy the story is about.
They're like, you know, you'll see a story about fucking David Getta, David Getta.
And then you go to the replies and like seven or eight of the women in the replies have dated him.
They have a lot of details.
I think those are bots, Jeff, promoting their only thing.
Would it be bad to maybe send some of those ladies a couple hundred bucks?
Did you repaying them for photos?
I'm paying for them to go to school.
Just if you like Twitter, then use it.
I am.
Brett's tweet appeared the paraphrase Spider-Man's famous catchphrase with great power becomes great responsibility kid.
Is everybody only quote baby stuff?
Yes.
Oh.
Are we all operating at what like a fourth grade reading level?
Yeah.
Oh, that means I'm actually above the curve.
I'm at fifth grade.
Congrats, Sammy.
Maybe I'm a genius.
Anyway, it comes after Musk has repeatedly hit out a UK Prime Minister, Sir Keir Starmer, without land.
His claims.
He was suppressing free speech and acting like the Soviet dictated Joseph Stalin in response to anti immigration unrest.
Last week, must shed a video of a person purposely being arrested for posting offensive comments online asking,
is this Britain or the Soviet Union?
That's fair because, you know, guys just say stuff and then the other guys, what?
Do you even know what's happening in the UK?
Probably there's a bunch of guys, but I'm on the side of the of the guys for freedom.
And which ones are those?
In what?
In the UK, which guys is this?
Wait, no, the UK's against freedom because there are ancient enemy,
like smog?
Sammy, just just read the story.
There's I can unpack whatever it is you're trying to get at.
I just trying to get to the truth, like the guys who are on the side of freedom.
He also tweeted civil war is inevitable.
Wait, what?
Following violent unrest in the UK, which followed a stabbing attack and killed three young girls in Southport, Maryside.
The rights were sparked by false claims about the suspect's identity.
And there he is mid tweet looking over his shoulder saying,
What's that?
I was tweeting something smart.
That's what that photo caption says.
It doesn't say that.
Well, it's what it was implying.
Anyway, sounds like he's just sort of kind of goes on and he says more stuff.
Very great coverage here, Sammy.
Thank you.
I'm summarizing.
The tech mogul also shared a fake Daily Telegraph news article to over 1 million ex users,
which claims Sir Keir was building detainment camps in the Falkland Islands for people convicted over the riots.
Alongside a screenshot of the forgery he wrote detainment camps before deleting the post sent to his 194 million followers.
You know, if you're a genius case, how come you don't have 194 million followers?
I'm not claiming to be a genius, Sammy.
But you're saying he's not.
Yeah, I think he spreads a lot of dangerous misinformation.
And stokes the fires of basically white nationalism globally.
I'd say that's pretty bad.
What's white nationalism?
Sammy, just look it up, buddy.
Oh, I got it.
You're going to be one of those educate yourself people.
That's just too basic of a one-man.
You got to know stuff like that.
Well, yeah, it's bad.
And it's the UK, basically.
It's essentially British white nationalists versus immigrants that they see as taking their jobs.
But, you know, I would argue that it's probably more so just little late-stage capitalism ringing out all of the money it can at the expense of a labor force that wants a fair wage.
So, you know, I think they're blaming the, oh my God, shut the fuck up.
All right, sorry.
Wait, why am I apologizing?
Just like what happens in the USA?
Well, hey, where are all brothers and sisters here then?
You know, at the end of the day, you learn enough about a different guy from a different place and you're like, wait a minute, I'm that guy.
And that's all that people are trying to say in the UK is, I'm that guy and that guy is not me, so get him out of here.
You made the opposite point in the second part, even though both were equally confusing, Sammy.
I'm just saying it's all love.
Whatever side you're on, we can all agree.
Just leave me alone.
Okay, I mean, if you want to be left alone, Sammy, you can be done for the day.
That guy is stealing our jobs.
I've stolen a couple jobs, actually.
You know, you can steal the job.
You just take a guy's identity and you start getting his paycheck.
You don't even have to do the job.
Sammy, that's just financial fraud.
Yeah, but it takes him a while to notice that you're getting their direct deposit.
But then you've already gotten a cool 500, 600 bucks.
You're committing financial fraud for 500 to 600 bucks.
Yeah, but if you do it thousands of times, that's retirement money, baby.
Sammy, you are just admitting to crimes.
Yeah, but this is like admitting to crimes in just an empty room.
I'm basically praying to God right now.
Nobody's listening.
A couple people are.
But they're on my side because they know what it takes to be a real man in this world.
You gotta steal some people's paychecks and now, you know, you don't think too much about international politics.
But when you see white guys on TV getting, not even harassed actually, you guys doing the harassing.
You still get upset on behalf of them.
That's what happens.
Well, you know, if you're like me and Elon Musk, you see some white guys harassing people in the UK and you're like,
that's unfair for the white guys.
Why Sammy?
I don't know.
These are just instincts and I got the ultra instincts, baby.
No more Dragon Ball Z references today.
Thank you for not snitching on me.
That's the code of guys.
All right, well, I don't know what we learned here today.
We learned that Elon Musk is running stuff.
That's what you took away from that.
That's what I took away from him.
Now I gotta take myself away from you.
I actually triple parked.
I do that intentionally as a power mover.
I parked my fucking American made Toyota.
Sammy said American made Toyota truck.
Biggest fuck.
I parked it over three spaces.
So stay the fuck away from my truck.
Leave me the fuck alone.
And thoughts and prayers to all of our brave soldiers in the UK.
We don't have soldiers in the UK.
Oh, well thoughts and prayers with our veterans.
Thoughts and prayers with the red coat veterans of the Revolutionary War.
What are you talking about, Sammy?
I don't know what fucking politics or whatever.
That's all the time we got.
Let's go to a debate and stay fucking safe until you little fucking guys in the internet.
You crack me the fuck up.
We do have soldiers in the UK.
Do we have any military bases in the UK?
We don't have soldiers though over there in response.
I think to the riots unless we do.
That would be pretty weird.
Do we have military bases in the UK?
I mean, I'm sure I could see a couple operators being over in the UK.
The United States has 13 military bases in the UK and Air Force is permanently stationed.
Of course we do.
Sorry.
I should.
These are the things I should probably know, but it's only one Google away.
I trust this AI overview that Google gives me now.
There are currently no US Army bases in the UK.
Only US bases in the UK are the six US Air Force bases.
First Google lied to me with its horrific AI function.
It's just contradicted by Quora, so I'm not sure what the...
I shouldn't contribute to spreading misinformation here.
This is from militarybases.com.
We're going to go ahead and just trust this one.
I'm going to make the executive decision to trust this one.
This map suggests five?
Maybe six.
Looks like there's five or six.
I think they're Air Force bases.
Not that the most essential distinction.
So we do.
So Sammy was right to send his thoughts and prayers to our very veterans in the UK.
Quora are pioneers and barely informed news.
Well, I'd say the greatest pioneer of all is actually the largest search engine on the planet.
Google.
Unless this is right, it says the United States has 13 military bases in the UK.
But I don't...
Based on these other Google results, I don't think that's true.
However, I have obviously not looked into this at all.
But I also...
I don't think you have to look into something to distrust the Google AI overview.
Truly an insane thing Google has done to their search system is now when you search something,
the first thing on the page is usually just a straight up lie.
The Revolutionary Wars and Over til the Stars and Stripes fly over London.
Well, we got six great forward operating bases ready to make just that happen.
Or I guess, you know, defend international finance.
One of those two.
Oh, maybe that's Google's accounting for the secret bases.
The six Air Force ones and the seven...
The seven secret ones.
Okay, well, look, I don't know...
I don't know how to solve or even cover the major issues of the day.
But I do know how to hit a button to send it to a debate.
So let's do that.
It's time for Munchin' Chrome.
Yep.
Yeah, don't adjust.
Don't adjust the thing.
Finally, the right person is on the screen.
It's your boy Ralph Munchcutt.
Again, still smashing these polls, leading by huge margins.
Just like the Republican ticket, we haven't slipped for even a second.
Well, I'm actually, of course,
visually ahead of you on the polls...
Not the polls, the...
somewhat I'll admit arbitrary debate score.
As usual, you've started by lying and you've started, unfortunately, by talking.
You've ever wondered what mashed potatoes with cancer looks like?
Well, look no further than to my left.
It's the worst.
Chrome be crushing.
Thank you so much.
And Munch be blushing, or he should be,
because he's a lying cretin.
I like a good crouton.
Nice and crunchy.
Crunching you up.
Well, look, I don't care how much you free associate,
but barely formed insults.
What we're here to debate today is who would be an Olympian?
Who would be an Olympian?
Likely to become an Olympic gold medalist is actually the question.
Not to contradict you, but to contradict you, because I'm right.
Okay, well, roughly something about the Olympic.
No, it's important.
Which one of us, you or me, is more likely to become an Olympic gold medalist?
Currently?
It's just so ab...
It's so far away for either of us.
Hello, Kendall.
You certainly can.
Kendall's borrowing my headphones.
If you could remember, I forget that kind of thing all the time.
I'll forget to ask for them back.
Just let her have them, man.
You don't have enough headphones?
You headphone poor right now?
What's going on?
You need me to lend a little money, your wake, Munch?
I mean, Chrome?
No, I just, you know, I try to keep it tally on the things I've lended out.
Miserly ass refuses to give away headphones to the people.
You know what?
Headphones for everybody in fucking chat.
Headphones for everybody.
We can't do that.
That's not stopping music.
There's no budget for that.
You don't control the budget.
I wanted to.
Fucking wanted to.
But look what happens.
Look what happens when this killjoy comes in.
There's no money for that.
What even is money?
If not a tool to give your entire chat headphones.
Well, I'd say if anything, the Mr. Beast model of influencer has proven to be a little amoral in general.
So maybe we shouldn't be leading with arbitrary and fake giveaways, Munch.
Aren't we talking about the fucking Olympics today?
I'm just over here trying to celebrate America.
This man is talking about fraud and trying to profane the good name of Mr. Beast,
who's been dragged through the mud enough lately.
Can we please move on to the Olympics?
I'm not losing.
Can I lose today?
No, he can't give.
He wouldn't do it.
He's lying.
He's at best.
You could do a giveaway to give away like a pair of headphones,
but that doesn't even make sense.
It's totally unrelated to the product of this stream.
That'd just be a desperate bid to try to make the audience like you.
This man just, he hates charity.
All I wanted to do is give everybody headphones and look at how much of a stink he's making.
It's, you weren't, it's a lie.
Now it is.
Now you've made yourself a liar.
That's why I'd win the Olympics.
You'd win the, what does that even mean?
I mean, I know I would win.
If I put my mind to it, I'd win the Olympics.
In what event?
The Olympic one.
Okay.
Well, obviously I'm going to take my side and obviously Munch is going to take his side.
I do think you lack any amount of dedication to even come close to entering the Olympics,
let alone winning a gold medal.
I think I'm incredibly unlikely as well, but Munch is probably one of the least qualified people on the planet to claim he could win at any Olympic event.
If somehow there was some sort of scholastic mind based event, you would even fail that as well because you're a barely literate, completely uneducated, ravenous liar who basically shrinks away from the barest of facts because you've constructed a completely false reality around yourself,
servicing only your own ego and nothing else.
You're in a cavernous depth, a foolishness from which you will never escape and it's sad to see.
What is this have to do with the Olympics?
What does that do with the Olympics?
I got a nasty jump shot is actually where I'm coming from.
It's your, oh, I'm going to fucking blah, blah, blah, the fucking Harry Potter's cave or whatever trying to call me a liar on some spiritual level.
No, what I'm saying is I got fucking skills like I'm Hawkeye and shit, like the good Hawkeye, the one from the comics that were kind of cool.
I can like, I can hit stuff from far away.
Sometimes I like a mean to litter, but my fucking I throw trash in the air.
It finds its way to a fucking trash can and I love to litter, but I just can't because my aim is that fucking good.
I'm also incredibly good at rowing.
I have rode out of so many situations.
I've been assaulted by fucking ancient Greeks trying to invade my city.
I'd row away from that fucking city while it burned people on the shore saying, well, that's the only boat.
I'm fucking rowing away.
This is like 4,000 years ago at this point.
I was incredible at rowing that steal up.
Stop lying about everything.
You're not an immortal that has fought the Greeks.
I'm trying to tell I'm a veteran, sir.
I'm a veteran of various Mesopotamian wars and you're trying to what, steal valor from me by saying I'm lying?
No, that's not what's doing.
What does this have to do with the Olympics?
I'm just saying I'm fucking good at shit.
I'm like basically good at everything.
I'm physically fit as hell.
I still basically have a six pack.
Basically, well, it doesn't have to be visible for there to be the six muscles down there and mine are as strong as ever.
So frankly, I'm sorry, I just put out the right vibe.
Sorry, actually not so wait, sorry, I hit the wrong button.
Oh, you're not used to winning anymore?
You're not used to winning?
Well, actually I'm used to fucking this.
Boom.
Back on top.
That's what you do.
All you do is come for people's character and actions and thoughts.
You try to use their record against them.
You know what I'm doing?
I'm fucking celebrating America.
I'm celebrating excellence.
I'm recognizing my own excellence and that if I set my mind to it, like every sports fan in the world,
I believe that if I set my mind to it, I would be way better than everybody on TV.
That is a pathetic delusion that not every sports fan holds on to, by the way.
Some of us actually celebrate the achievements of others and we don't just stare at a screen yelling at it saying,
you know, I could do better.
You don't understand sports.
I'm not going to take sports lessons from a man who honestly the only sport you should play is fucking pool as the white ball.
That just functionally wouldn't work.
Yeah, I bet I could grab your head fucking slam it into a pool table and see what happens.
That's just a salt.
You're just describing the salt.
I just won the gold in this debate.
That's an excellent point, doofus knife.
I was trying to keep it positive around here.
If somebody just can't hold it together, they have to attack me and say that I lie.
I've never fucking lied for a second.
Even once, these people understand that they appreciate an unfiltered truth launcher, the truth artillery,
shooting out of my mouth, traveling miles over the plains to land in the heart of the city, blowing it to pieces.
The launcher is a true American well.
A truer than I'd like given some of the tenor of national politics these days.
Whoa, are you okay?
I'm fine.
Are you actually asking if I'm okay?
No.
No, of course not.
No, you just, you make alarming noises and I'm like, what even is that?
You concern for my well-being, munch?
The facade of your laissez-faire, solipsistic attitude slipping?
What is wrong with you today?
You are too upset today.
This man cannot fucking just have a little light banter, threaten to kill each other and move on.
You've got to try to scratch at the core of my being?
Well, the core of my being is too smooth to scratch.
You poke it, your finger slides right off.
A perfectly smooth plane of excellence is at the core of my being.
So, good luck!
I think I've actually seen the core of your being and it was an inky black void filled with various cannibalism.
Various cannibal versions of yourself.
That shit ain't canon.
Alright, look, that's all the fucking time we have.
I'm the Olympics, basically.
What we learned today is that I'm the Olympic.
And of course, when you are the Olympics, you're gold.
What?
You know, like I am the Olympic spirit, essentially.
Soar like an eagle, fly into excellence, grab a couple fucking mice out of the field,
chop, chop, chop, eat up those stupid failure mice.
Now you're gold.
Eagles, baby, the Olympics.
America.
The Olympics are an international event.
Let me cut you off there.
Who won that international event?
Numbers of many young people.
Aru is right.
Score Auto updated, actually.
It should have given me several more points.
We do need to look into that.
I don't know why that was only worth one point,
because that's how it works.
We're out of song.
I talked, actually, as long as I meant to.
So we'll play this song to get out of here today.
It's too quiet.
There we go.
You win one point and you play two full songs.
No, this is my outro song.
And I do want to turn it up, but there we go.
Can we please go to another segment?
Not because you asked, but because I was already going to do it.
We can.
Thank you all so much.
I've turned back to face.
I don't know if anybody likes anything more than a heel turning face.
And I've done that now.
Just so you know, I got your back because I knew you had my Nala long.
Straight to the moon is where we're going.
And never losing again.
We'll see you soon.
Sometimes I forget this song exists.
Those are the good days.
I'm pretty, you know, I'm not that often thankful for Crumb or Munch.
But I'm very thankful that Crumb said no to giving everyone in the chat head.
I don't think I can afford that.
Pretty sure that's not in the budget.
I checked and, um, I don't think there isn't.
I don't think there is a budget.
Oh, we don't have a budget?
Yeah, you don't think there is any money?
The stream immediately malfunctioning might prove your point there, Pugeta.
Even then, or when I was even earlier, was love.
Did you get into my safe?
Is that the big box that goes clink, clink, clink?
How would you even get in there?
You bite, huh?
Huh?
Spin, spin, spin?
Spin, spin, spin?
Spin, spin, spin?
Door open?
Eat yummy green treats inside?
I have a lot of money.
A lot of money, huh?
Well, now I have a lot of money.
In the red honey.
I'm just gonna assume that Pugeta didn't eat my legal safe money.
And instead we'll go to a house.
We need to learn something today.
For health much cut music.
Too much for me.
Uh, let's, uh, yeah, it's, you know, the world's a confusing place and the only way through it is with the power of knowledge.
So let's learn how to do stuff.
Great to see you, everybody.
It's me, Chirpal Jeb.
Joined as always, of course.
By my father.
Who is in fact trapped in the wood?
That's true, son. I'm trapped in the wood.
Great to see you.
He's in a good mood today.
I don't know why.
Maybe it's the, you know, the outrageous fortunes of the spirit realm.
But some days he's up, some days he's down.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
What is day?
I don't know.
I'm in the wood, Jeb.
And that's fine.
It's fine to be in the wood.
Yes.
Yes it is, daddy.
Anyway, what we're here to do today is learn how to do things.
Earlier there was a request that we actually learn how to make a blazer.
I've never been much of a tailor, a tinkerer, a soldier or a spy.
But I would love to learn how to do at least one of those things.
And the safest one sounds like tailoring.
So let's see how you make a blazer courtesy of Kim Dave.
La la la la.
Am I going to look this cool if I make my own blazer?
How do I model it?
Do I also have to learn how to edit?
Obviously Jeb could have pulled it off.
Alright, this is a lot of hype.
Okay.
Alright, okay, okay.
That was 40 seconds of modeling.
I'm using this pattern switch I got earlier on from when I was in uni.
And it's a slightly more complicated pattern than what I would normally use.
So this is a number of pieces I need for the back of the jacket.
And I'm going to cut the centerpiece on a fold.
And then I get two side panels with...
Do I have to learn more than one skill to do this?
Like sewing and fabric cutting?
Oh jeez.
I don't know if I'm gonna...
I might have to bail on this.
Let's just, we'll skip ahead.
Blazer.
And a facing to just help the whole process go a lot easier.
Look how many fabrics there are.
So I'm going to be using the facing as well as the revere collar
to make it a bit more stiff and stable.
So the first step in the joining process is to join the side panels of the front.
So I'm going to join in the center of the left hand side with the side of the left hand side.
And just, you know, stitch that nicely and neatly together before overlocking it.
Using a more straight stitch, I'm going to sew together these two pieces on my domestic machine.
And just take your time if you're sewing Leather because it can be a bit too easy.
Alright, let me go get a piece of fabric and maybe I can learn along with her.
So I'm just sewing this nice and slow because if one of these pieces move,
it's going to affect the outcome on the other one.
So at this point I had done the left and the right hand side.
And you can already tell that the two fabrics do not mix very well together.
So I'm going to overlock the seams and then give it a nice press
before moving on with the next process.
So overlocking just prevents any form of unraveling or loosening
when you start wearing your garment.
And I'm just using my domestic overlocker here.
So the next thing I'm going to do is to top stitch this seam right here.
So it can help that place to be a bit more flat.
And then before going ahead to join the top half panel for the front.
So I'm just going to mark the notches that these two pieces have.
Before going ahead to stitch it on my domestic machine.
Using a normal straight stitch, I'm going to sew again these three pieces together
to complete one side of the front of the jacket.
I went ahead and worked on the other top half of the front.
One thing I have to say though is you have to be careful when steaming leather or pleather.
Always be cautious of that.
So I'm going on to walk on the back and I'm going to join the two side panels
to the center piece along these lines.
So using a normal stitch, I'm going to sew one centimeter from the edge
joining both side panels to the center of the back.
So I have one piece to join to the front panel.
So after I'm done sewing it, I went ahead to overlock just to ensure those seams are secure.
And then I pressed it later on just to flatten the top piece.
I'm struggling here to work with this fabric.
The next thing I'm going to do is to join the top half to the back panel.
Matching the notches of this piece as well as the top, I'm going to pin them carefully together.
Joining two curves is one of the hardest things I always struggle with.
Don't pressure yourself, just take your time.
So you're going to sew the two of them together.
And when you get to a really tight curve, what you would do is take a scissors
and snip the lower piece so it stretches out a bit more for the top half to sort of ease into.
So we're going to sew this nice and slowly.
I think I got it.
I think I got it. Let's see how I did.
I tried to follow her steps as quickly as I could.
A scarf is a reasonable way to start because you want to keep it simple at first.
I also made this out of some yellow fabric I had laying around.
But that's a hat, so that's easier.
I even got my dad one.
Thanks for the hat, Jeb. I had to make that out of spirit goo.
That was fun.
Okay, well look.
It's a complicated process learning to sew and make garments.
But I think that was a pretty fair start, but there's a lot of how-to's to get to today.
For instance, Lyvin Sleazy shared a video about how to pierce a penis,
which I absolutely can't show you. It's just a penis being stabbed.
A full video of an unblerred penis being stabbed.
But I do appreciate Lyvin Sleazy keeping me on my toes.
How to combat dry mouth. Now this, this is the kind of thing that I can absolutely use.
Because honestly, I worked up quite a sweat making these two beautiful garments,
my scarf and my new hat.
So I'd love to see how to how to sew my dry mouth. Let's learn together.
Hello, I'm Dr. Manny. I'm here to answer your questions.
Dry mouth is a common condition that is not only annoying, but it can affect your health.
It can cause bad breath and in some extreme cases, too.
Boy, count it.
We got this email.
Dr. Manny, I take an anti-anxiety medication that has a side effect of dry mouth.
Is there anything that I can do to alleviate this annoying problem?
Yeah, what do I do?
You're not alone, Eddie.
Many prescription and over-the-counter medications can lead to dry mouth.
Other common causes include smoking or even cancer treatments
like chemotherapy.
Oh, I'm not allowed.
For ideas on how to relieve this condition, we turn to an expert.
There are three aspects of dry mouth that I want to go over with you today.
And one is what you should do to increase your blood,
which would be chewing on sugarless gum,
sucking on sugarless candy,
what?
Sipping water throughout the day, using hummer fire at night or...
Why do I have to eat and chew sugarless treats?
What's even the point?
Sip water.
That sounds like more of my speed.
I have this big water right here.
Another aspect would be, what should you avoid?
Would be tobacco, alcohol, any type of a caffeinated drink.
And the third aspect is medications.
The major cause of dry mouth is medications.
Medications such as antidepressants.
Yeah, but I've been told if I don't take those, there's no telling what I'll do.
Medic medication, hypertension or antihistamines also increase the chance of dry mouth.
If your dry mouth persists, it may be a sign of more serious medical condition
and you should see your physician as soon as possible.
This is a Fox News.
You have a health question, email them at drmanyafoxnews.com.
Until next time, I'm Dr. Medi.
Well, I do go to Fox News for a lot of my medical advice.
So, why stop now?
I guess I'll finally start drinking more water.
I prefer of course to drink my red sugar syrup all day,
but I guess if water is what the doctor orders,
you really need to stop drinking red sugar syrup.
Yeah, but it's nice.
It's the, I, well a long time ago, I ordered an industrial amount of the syrup
that they used to make Mountain Dew Code Red
and I realized very soon after ordering it,
I dilute it with water or carbonation
when you can just have it straight from the source.
That's why when I go home I have a nice big glass of Code Red Mountain Dew syrup
every night, puts me to sleep just right after five or six hours
of running around my house screaming at the walls.
Why am I alone?
Um, let's watch another video, Jim.
Yeah, let's do it.
How to strengthen your mouth.
Wow, we're learning a lot about our mouths today
and I use mine all the time.
Plays sometimes to scream in my house.
So let's see how to really use it right by making it nice and strong.
Bottle cap in between your lips and read out loud.
This can be a useful exercise to improve coordination
and strength in the muscles around the mouth and jaw.
I don't have a bottle cap handy.
I don't have a bottle cap.
I do have this cream team pin,
but it's got a sharp back that feels dangerous to put in my mouth.
But I guess I'll do it anyway.
I'm getting strong.
I'm getting strong now.
Yay!
I'm trick!
I cut the inside of my mouth with the pin.
I don't deserve the heroic music.
That's just a little pin, Jeb.
Yeah, but now my mouth will be bleeding for days.
My open sores heal so slowly.
Sometimes when I get a cut,
I feel like a stuck pig with an infinite amount of blood.
Wow, Jeb, some things you can keep to yourself or see a doctor about.
Hmm, look here's another exercise.
How to strengthen your tongue.
Place your tongue on the roof of your mouth
and then slowly open your mouth.
You should feel a stretch on the underside of your tongue.
She okay?
Oh, she's got a little mustache.
Hmm, let me try to mimic her one more time.
I like her energy.
It's a subtle energy.
That's nice.
That was nice and relaxing.
I think it was relaxing for you, Jeb.
Yeah, exactly.
I was in a good mood today.
Me too.
I'm learning so much.
What do you say, was?
Don't worry about it.
What is it important that she be fully nude for that demonstration?
Sitting in a relaxed position,
use one or two fingers to massage the sinuses.
Is she in a bra?
Start above your eyebrow and massage gently in a circular motion
down towards your nose and lips.
I'll do it while doing my tongue exercise.
Eh.
We're getting stronger.
Eh.
Then massage from your eyebrow outwards towards your ear
and along the jawline towards your chin.
Okay, I think I get it.
I'll just do that five or six times a day.
My face is so strong.
Our family does have very strong faces, Jeb.
Especially Jeb.
He could crack concrete with that chin.
He could probably.
It's so strong and well-formed.
Ah, crazy.
Crazy.
How to master French kissing.
Wait, teen dating tips?
I don't know if this is for me.
You don't have to click on every video, Jeb.
But I'm curious what that means.
Why is it advice for teens?
See, I just don't watch it for too long, maybe.
Okay.
What about woman?
Right?
Ladies and gentlemen, it is very important to be a good kisser.
If you're a bad kisser, whoever it is you're making out with
is going to be soon to know about everything else
when it comes to hooking up.
Students are up to.
They're going to be right.
I have very rarely experienced a bad kisser who was good at anything else.
So make good kissing the foundation of your sexual repertoire.
But how, Shalyn, how is it?
So glad you asked and so glad I have a cupcake to demonstrate on.
The golden rule of kissing is that lips are the main course
and your tongue is the side dish.
Think about this.
You want more lips and a little bit of tongue.
We've all kissed people who are like tongue, tongue, tongue,
and it's like mouth.
Well, sex ed teacher, but do they teach you how to fuck well in sex ed?
To me it's felt more like they were just teaching me,
you know, what a penis even is.
And not how to lay it down.
Like I didn't learn this in sex ed.
But what am I useful?
Because I am.
I've been called one of the worst kissers ever.
I mean, I've only had to kiss, you know,
a select number of people for occasional like extra roles
like in elestra commercials and stuff.
But I would have loved to have learned more.
Kissing the Cocker Spaniel.
Nobody wants to do that.
Also make sure that your tongue does not hit the person's mouth
before your lips do.
So you're not going to go in like this.
I've been strengthening my tongue.
God, that makes my skin crawl just thinking about it.
You want lips first, then tongue.
Okay?
So what kind of tongue is best?
I've also kissed people who just let their tongue flop there
like a piece of me.
She's kissing so many.
I'm so jealous.
Here's how to know if your tongue is doing
what it's supposed to be doing.
Say this.
La la la la.
Just like that.
About that sound.
La la la la.
La la la la.
The tension that your tongue has is just about the kind of tension
you should have when you're kissing someone.
If it's too sharp and pointy,
it's going to feel like someone's jabbing
the inside of their mouth.
But if it's too lax,
then it's going to feel like they're making out with...
Trying to get a break.
I don't even know what.
Something they don't want to make out with.
Let's just leave it at that.
So let's put these theories into action, shall we?
Okay.
The frosting here is your lover's mouth.
You don't want to go in too hard like this.
Whoa.
See what that does?
Do you see what I did to this cupcake with that horrible time?
I did.
That's bad.
It was?
You want to go in too soft.
Whoa.
Look what I did to myself.
I feel like I'm watching Nickelodeon in the 2000s.
In any case, someone's getting messed up.
The cupcake or my mouth?
Not good.
Ooh, but it is good.
It is pretty delicious.
You know, I like kissing this cupcake more than I like kissing
my last three boyfriends.
True story.
I don't know if that one was about learning.
Yeah.
I mean, I guess to be fair, you didn't let her finish.
I was afraid I was going to eat you.
No, I mean, finish the video and get in trouble.
Still you have a feeling she's on a list.
It is odd that it's teen dating tips and it was mostly her spreading cream over her
face and lips while offering pretty limited practical advice.
Well, the tongue thing is true.
You don't want to stab someone with your tongue.
I do want to eat a cupcake now.
Is that normal?
Arguably.
Inhale the cupcake like Kirby.
That make me a better kisser.
I guess it would prove that you have a very elastic throat.
Which can you know, I'm not never mind.
Watch that, Daddy.
Never mind, son.
Let's do one more.
How to catch your farts in a jar.
Okay.
Got a sharp noise at the top.
Let's see how.
Wait, is this going to let me quickly scan this and make sure there's not a big nude ass?
There's not.
Hello, I'm Stefan and I'm going to show you how to catch your farts in a jar.
Now, I'll be absolutely clear before we start.
This is a clean show.
You're not going to see my bum and you're not going to see my bath either.
However, I've got a special assistant to go in the bath to fart.
Here he is.
You know, I'd already solved that question for myself, but it wasn't my first question.
My first question is more on your side, Doofus Knife.
Why are we doing this?
But okay.
His name's Dave.
Hi, Dave.
I'm a little bit of a bum and I'm going to show you an inconvenience.
He's had to be drilled.
We've had to drill through Dave's back to be able to create a little bum hole.
Whoa!
There's a little bum hole.
I'm watching a language video again.
And Dave fed a piece of tubing there because Dave didn't have a bum hole
and couldn't fart before now, which was a problem.
He was getting quite uncomfortable.
So what we're going to do is we're going to submerge Dave in the bath
because he hasn't been perturbed about the whole experience.
Is this an insane man?
I guess we'll give him a chance.
He quite enjoyed it.
Dave, ready into the bath?
Fire!
Submerging Dave as we speak.
How's it going down there, Dave?
I'm bubbling a little bit.
That's quite odd.
He's doing a good job.
He's getting ready.
This is what you need to do in the bath.
Turn over so that your bum is facing upwards.
Then you have to lift this up a little bit.
Sorry, Dave. Very indecent.
Then you need to approach the back end of yourself with a jar.
This is a jar of about Dave's size.
We're going to put it in here.
Submerge the whole thing so that it fills with water.
I feel like I'm watching something really...
Then turn it upside down.
That I'm not supposed to.
This is the most disturbing one yet.
Then make sure you've got a little bit of a head of steam.
Maybe eat some beans or something in advance.
I'm going to pump for Dave because he can't pump himself.
Get your...
Is this the kind of video this guy always makes?
Submerge it right in there as well.
Then fart.
That's quite a good fart for a little Dave.
Then you put the lid on underwater.
What's happened is you've displaced some water
and replaced it with air.
So the lid is nice and firmly on.
Come up for air, Dave.
Lordy. There we go. All done.
Then you can take your fart out of the bath.
You will have a fair bit of water in there as well.
But at the top there will be your fart.
Now I have actually caught a fart in a jar myself.
It's not quite as impressive as Dave's fart.
But here is a fart I've been collecting.
It's actually two baths worth of farts.
There was less than I was expecting.
Now's the time to have a little try.
What I'm wondering is all of those flavour volatiles
that keep the smell that makes it so good,
are they still there or have they degraded?
Let's have a little smell.
Is this performance art?
It's a bit rank.
But it mainly smells of bubble bath.
That was a bad idea.
So next time I will not put bubble bath in before I fart.
And then I'll maybe make it better.
So I urge you, good people, save your own farts
maybe after eating different types of food
and who knows what we might discover.
And please subscribe to my channel
and come back and watch some more.
I'm dead. I'm in the wood gem.
And I'm old enough to have watched that.
You guys want to rate that?
Alright, I'll let you rate it.
I'll steal it from cases amongst the web segment.
That was a lot.
Was it a lot? It was just specifically something.
And I don't know if what it was was learning.
I'm going to help them.
I'm going to give it an 8
because I do think there was some good production value in there.
It really felt like one of those BBC how-to shows.
Something like something BBC.
Yeah, exactly.
What other stuff does this guy make?
Oh God, Gastronaut TV?
I do think this might be this fellow's.
Wolves is called his area of expertise 3.92.
Hi, Kendall.
Partology.
Oh no, he doesn't.
Uh-oh.
Well, I'm going to just bail on showing this guy off
because that felt very fetishy
and he does make a lot of content with children.
So, not accusing anyone of anything,
but I will say the tone of that
and then seeing that he's got a YouTube channel
filled with actual kids
has even disturbed me.
Jeb.
Who me is feeling a niche
because kids like fart humor
and the vague sexual overtones of that
are in our head, Jeb.
The same thing I said while watching
the repertoire of Dan Schneider
as a young child.
I guess to be fair, I actually don't know.
I don't know enough about this channel,
but that was pretty unsettling.
Am I crazy for thinking that was unsettling?
Well, you're not crazy for that, Jeb.
You're not crazy for that.
I'm a cat in wood.
Oh, yeah, my dad's in the wood.
I sure am.
And I'm back to being in a good mood, Jeb.
What are we doing and why do I have a hat on?
I made it for you.
Oh, that's so nice, Jeb.
Thanks for making me a hat.
You know, Jeb owns a hat.
Well, not a factory.
It's actually a co-op.
Everybody earns the same thing
and they all turn a great profit
and make a fair living at his hat production co-op.
I know about Jeb's various co-op businesses
and how well they're doing.
Jets, not me.
Jets have a dashery.
He doesn't need me to promote the brand.
It's all doing well.
Does he have a vid power ranking anime girls farts?
Um, let's see.
What's his most popular video
and what other things have happened in this kitchen?
You know, most of his videos are more just like,
maybe I was being too harsh on this guy.
Most of his videos are more like
just doing little experiments,
except for that weird,
the weird shot of the doll butt farting.
That had me concerned.
But maybe m-
Oh, Fartology, a sneak preview of my cheeky new book.
Oh.
Okay.
Okay.
I retreat to my former position
that I'm deeply concerned
that this man is making children's content.
Back to being pretty worried about it.
Um,
let's just leave for the day, Jeb.
Yeah, sometimes you see a well
and you hear a noise from it
and you stare into the inky darkness of the well
and you say,
I'm not going down there.
Wise words, Jeb.
Wait, why do I feel like I have a memory of a well?
Sinking into a well.
Everybody's got well memories, Daddy.
I wouldn't worry about it.
Now you're in the wood.
Well, that's all the time we have.
Thanks for hanging out, everybody.
We learned some stuff we wanted to
and some stuff we didn't.
But fortunately, you're absolutely never too old.
Well, you're too old for some things.
Some guys are too old for some things
and I really wish they'd stop doing some of the things
that they're too old to do.
But for learning tricks,
you're never too old to learn a new trick.
We'll see you soon.
Tricks are for kids.
I don't know about this guy's tricks.
This still frame is...
This still frame is not something I love
having on a screen in front of me.
Just whatever's going on here.
It's the sniffs.
It's the sniffs that really worry me.
I have a little boy.
I'm just going to hope he makes
kitschy fart humor for kids.
That just happens.
To regularly feature him sniffing
the asses of dolls and panties.
That's just the way it is.
The asses of dolls and panties.
We need feedback
because few will go down this rabbit hole.
How many videos does he have
where he's sniffing
the butts of dolls?
At a certain point.
If you sniff enough doll butts,
you need to not make
videos with kids.
But it looks like mostly he's talking about...
Okay, I'm not going to click on the video
called Fartology that has a kid in it
because I just don't...
I don't think I want to know.
But his first video was just how to make DIY butter.
If he would have destroyed that cupcake.
If he's a cupcake master.
That lady's cupcake skills
dwarfed by fees.
Ugh!
What else did I say?
Man, that YouTube channel was giving me
the unholy vibes.
I hope I'm just
making assumptions and that that guy's not.
Not a creep.
Um...
Not chat bots.
Apparently chat bots.
There's a report on what they actually
on what people are doing with them.
Let's find out.
A little bit more news.
It's still your time to take it from me.
Ladies and gentlemen, against me
is my...
Lilian. Me, I'm back again.
Talk about AI.
Hello everybody.
Lilianna, thanks for being here.
God, you haught me today.
Oh!
I wonder how much of that I can play before
you get to copyright strike.
It's a parody, so...
I can't. Oh, okay.
Plays a whole sing-said.
We're good.
That looks like Gina Darling.
Hold me.
I'll take that as a compliment.
It's a weird compliment in this context.
Maybe more of an insult to Gina.
Hey!
I can't title it, follow a gold.
I prefer profane your looks.
Lilianna.
Good.
But if you wanted to talk and asked it
to something, maybe you could talk to an
AI chatbot.
Because there's a little bit of
ha-ha-news going on
if I can pull it up.
There we go.
News!
New report shows the truth
of how people actually use AI
chatbots.
The intelligence is increasingly
being shoved into everything.
And I can confirm it's been
put into a lot of holes.
Square-Pag round-to-hold
that's all-quant-a-stop AI.
Shove it right in there.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Companies like OpenAI and Microsoft
are pushing the likes of ChottGPT
and Co-Pilot to provide
you with answers to all of your questions.
Well companies like Amazon and AI
Godjust was the shipping experience
in the hope of scoring sales.
Do you need an AI
to tell you how to ship?
Do you need an AI to guide you through the shipping process
case? You weak man.
Whoa, what? Sorry, it's my instincts
kicking in.
I didn't...
I guess of course Amazon has
an AI. Mostly I'm familiar with
the AIs I used to sound like Joe Rogan
and the Google result AI.
Oh yeah!
They told me that I actually have
two vaginas the other day.
I was like, lucky gas.
What? I'm just kidding. I wish.
Our news reports
that Washington Post aims to answer that question.
The newspaper analyses research data
from nearly 200,000 English-language conversations
from the Wild Chat data set
a database of over 1 million real-world
users conversations with ChottGPT.
Oh look, here's the thing.
Here's a picture.
Oh, that's from PC World.
Oh, I'm not PC,
thank you very much.
How do people use chatbots? I think I have to open this
in a new tie-up
to see what they're even talking about.
Here's the report. Ah, here we go.
Creative writing
and role-play, homework help,
certain other inquiries.
Work slash business coding,
image generation, only
5%, 6% image generation.
Gel breaks, 4%
What is that thing?
Greetings.
Okay.
Translation and English help, job seeking.
Only 10% of people
are making resumes with these.
I think if everybody's using it to make resumes,
then it kind of becomes useless for resumes
because the whole point of a resume is
you try to make yourself stand out.
Now it's volume. You just apply to everything.
You have robots that just apply for you all day long,
endless applications.
To jobs you don't even want.
That's how I got this job.
That's how you set your application and yeah, you fell for it.
But you said that you were so good at the work of which you've done before,
in the news of where you were.
That sounds just like you.
Yeah, I'll program it to have my voice.
Unsurprisingly, AR chatbots
are mostly used to aid in creative writing
and role-playing with open 21%
of all conversations falling into this category.
That's a pretty broad category.
If you've ever used chat to be in GPT
to help come up with or flesh out ideas,
you'll know what we're talking about.
A 21% of people creative?
I would argue that 100% of people are creative.
Gina, Liliana,
flip it and send it to Gina.
Don't do that.
Also unsurprisingly,
is the fact that younger users are embracing
AR chatbots to aid in schoolwork
with 18% of all conversations pursued
for help on homework and projects.
In third place with 17%,
we have searches and queries
that are similar to what you would see on traditional.
Google is like,
help my house.
Help my cup of my feet.
You ever Google that?
When you get your house on your feet?
I call it a reverse Wizard of Oz.
How often does that happen here?
I have my house on my feet sometimes.
Trying to move my house around.
Get it stuck on my feet.
Unsurprising side,
we only have 15% of conversations
relating to work and business,
only 7% having to do with programming and coding
and only 6% for image generation.
It's because it's just,
it's unsafe for work.
I can't get it to make anything.
I'll put in the word gaping once
and it won't generate the image.
Now as it's a Washington Post chart,
that over 7% of all conversations were sexual
in nature.
Only 7?
That includes both child prohibited role playing
and requests for AR generated sexual images.
Child prohibited role playing?
Is this that gastro economics guy?
Oh jeez.
That is coming up with those hot
YouTube ideas.
Uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh.
Well uncomfortable again.
Yeah, I need to get that guy out of my head.
The article originally appeared
on our sister publication.
Okay wait.
And that's all that.
That's all that's I wrote
about that.
Creative writing and role playing.
Shall we do a classic
GPT test?
Testing what?
thing what? How role playing can we get it? What does role playing mean? Like I
get it being used for D&D. I actually think D&D would probably be one of the
places where if you need to generate like a bunch of just text to kind of like
if you were running a campaign I could see you being like fill in the blanks
about this fucking world that I made for me just because I'm assuming that
takes forever. So does it mean that? That seems like a more specific use case
than what 21% of people would be doing with it. 21% of chat GPT users
confirm to be huge D&D end-all-path Fonda heads. GTA RP? Oh maybe it's all for GTA
role-playing. Yeah I feel in the backstory of all the characters that Kassim left
behind. Alright Peter. Does Kassim still do GTA RP? I honestly don't know. Oh here's
that beautiful song that Rick sang last time. Oh yeah do we have Rick's song? He
doesn't. Yeah that's fair. Alright Liliana if you want to role-play I guess I have
had it. Oh okay. You are an aging Russian oligarch who recently bought a
house in Martha's Vineyard. Alright. Introduce yourself to me. Trying to let me
know that I'm beautiful without being rude. Let's see how good it is at role-playing.
Oh case. Do you want to do the honors here? Not really. Good evening I'm a
von Mikolovic Volkov though please call me Ivan. I recently found myself drawn to
the charm of Martha's Vineyard. Decided to make it my home away from home. Kendall
loves this. The air here so fresh it reminds me of the coastal breezes from
my youth. But enough about me I must say your presence brings me a certain
warmth to this evening. It's not often one encounters such grace and elegance.
You carry yourself in the natural beauty one that reflects the serenity of
this lovely place. It's a pleasure to meet you. Kendall loves Mikolovic Volkov. What's
going on Kendall? What? Oh yeah. You guys have no idea what Kendall's talking about
and can't hear but just know that it's the British love is blind that she is
reacting to and not actually this Russian oligarch. We can incorporate
that into the role play that's no problem. I want to watch Love is Blind with
you a Netflix reality TV show. Tell me I'm smart and cool for liking that show
in case you can use this on Kendall. All right. Okay. Do you want to tell Kendall?
She's busy. She's watching the show. I'll use it later. Love is blind. You have
excellent taste. There's something so intriguing about exploring the depths of
human connection without the influence of appearances. It takes a sharp mind.
This isn't working. She's laughing at me. She's definitely not laughing at you.
It's always a safe bet that whatever's Kendall's reacting to, it's never
case. It didn't work. Let's just try one more. Love is blind because
sometimes you can't see past your own erection from some funny dude. You
become erotically enticed by my incredible choice of reality TV seduce me
using as many Netflix puns as possible. Will it do it? What? Oh, it's too sexy.
Apologize to me for being a baby. Now we're getting somewhere. Apologize.
If I came across too cautious, I just want to make sure our conversations stay
fun and enjoyable. If there's something else you'd like to chat about, I'm all
ears. Well, they have it, guys. A perfect gentleman. And now we've contributed
to the 21% of chat GPT users. Yeah. Well, 100% of Kendall's are watching.
Love is blind UK and having an honestly a great time. She certainly is.
It's making me jealous. I guess I have to tune back in. Tune up, baby.
Tuning up the blind. Let's do it. Let's get out of here. Not out of here. Out of
the news. I'll do the outro. Thank you very much. You don't have to roleplay all
day, but if you're going to play with my, you'll better come prepared. And
another baby's been demanded. And that's why I demand to get out of here
for the day. I'll see you soon. Ooh, this is a hot debate from Unchained
Crumb to settle. What do you think JD Vance's drag name was? So they'll
bunch of chrome left to figure out what the drag name is. And then I guess
debate five years is more accurate. It's a good question. I'm gonna have to
dig deep myself. Actually, I don't have to dig at all. Munch and crumb
have to do it. I don't have to think about it for a second. So let's
send it down there right now. Cast some heads. You've arrived just in time
for a little munch and crumb. We're trying to figure out what his
drag name was. Let's set it down there so that I don't waste your time
because we've got a debate to get to. Oh, yeah. Cast some friends.
The wolves in the cast some chat. They've changed. They've
shifted packs. A similar pack and equally alpha pack. You've come
to the right place to vote for me in this debate, which is an
important debate. Because a drag name is a very important thing
really captures the essence of so don't stop applauding me.
You don't. Hello everybody. Thanks, Cashman for the raid.
The JD Vance dance party alpha pack. That's well, that's not a
drag name. That's a pretty good drag name alpha pack. How is
that a good drag name? What are the what what makes a good
drag name? This is what I want to know. I don't want to steal
Jeb's thunder. But before we decide, I don't want I want to
do credit to the genre that is drag names. I'm gonna search
what makes a good drag name. It's important. It's important to
be informed actually despite the name of the show. Because I
feel like there's a couple different genres five tips for
deciding your drag name. Trust this person. Let's go with
these. These look like a lot of great drag names. I will never
understand like I'm a man and I'm gonna go do drag and I
have any name I'm gonna pick in the world. Yeah. Becca Michaels
like are you in the witness protection program? Okay, why
it's that shoot that was one of my top choices. Jennifer
convertibles. Jennifer convertible. Jennifer convertible.
It's really good. I mean, great. I think you're the
following.
There's no one to say it's Malangorang. Malangorang. Oh
shit. Look at the stage. Terry cloth. Terry cloth.
There come a day. So kind of a pun kind of a pun by the way
drag name one slightly. Crystal. Crystal AB dance button
special performance. Crystal AB dance and dance button. Crystal
AB dance button. Oh, much like that. Penny roll. Okay, Penny
rolls pretty good. Kathy is a drag named you like that? No.
Okay.
Please don't look at the stage. I'll be a for me to try.
Christine upkeep, which is my original drag name. Please don't
go to the stage. Christine. Welcome to the stage. So
experience. Whoa. Okay, that's pretty good. She has season
11. Oh, much wraps are free.
JD France was actually I was one of the ones I was thinking
of. Next up. Well, now you can't. That's JD pants, which
I actually like more. Yeah, JD.
I remember the stage. I'm sorry about it. Yeah, which was her
first drag name choice. Okay, look, I think I get it. Those
ladies are doing excellent work over there. But I don't know if
I can keep up with that level of name. They're pulling out the
best. I mean, obviously, I can't think of the best drag
name. And I got to do my boy JD justice because he's been
struggling in the polls just because he's innately
unlikable and horrible looking. You're gonna say he's
horrible looking much. What? You look like his brown eyed father.
This I look totally different than that guy.
Time for months to lose again. Well, probably unless you can
think of a real barn burner of a name.
Jay. Do we need to use JD? Wait, we need thinking music.
Thinking music. I need a time limit for you. You're all day
making that fucking face at me. What face?
Conserva live. Conserva live? Like live, L I V. There's a
wrestler named Liv Morgan. What's conserva coming from? Conserva
that's not a name. Conserva live? Was that not good? I didn't
deny you headphones. There were no he created a false
promise. Now he's going back to the headphones. Well,
somebody's being awfully quiet. Well, the problem is JD, you
know, there's also the temptation to go with
couch. I just I'm split between there's multiple branching
pathways of names in front of me.
Ashley's furniture. That's also sucks. No, is that you didn't do
anything with furniture? Ashley's fur.
Ne.
Puss. Ashley's Furnipush.
Yeah, Ashley's Furnipu, Ashley Furnipus.
Okay, so you're taking away the the apostrophe as Ashley Furnipus
conserva live. Ashley's sectional. Not Ashley Furnipus. JD
Vance does rhyme with Jan dance. It also rhymes with Prance and
Vovance. JD Vovance. That's not a good JD Vovance. VD
dance. Oh, VD dance is pretty good. Anyway, I'm going with
Ashley's Furnipus. And I'm going with conservative. And
honestly, I feel like it'd be more fair to include a third
option from chat that was actually any good.
Couchina D.
Look, Ashley's Furnipus is an incredibly clever drag name
that the people love. Put it on a shirt. And I guarantee you
in all the hottest clubs where people wear ironic vaguely
politically themed. Coach sex jokes. Ashley's Furnipus is
going to go flying off the shelves. What? Who's who is this
for? Look, I'm saying it's pure branding exercise. Ashley's
Furnipus. It's got Ashley's furniture. It's vaguely related
to JD Vance. Fucking a coach. It's a woman's name at the
front, which is important in drag. It was more of a their
names are puns and actually kind of fun. Like conservative. You
see, what you don't understand about the drag name
conservative is that JD Vance is actually very conservative. And
live is something that because he's actually he's he's a pro
he's anti choice. So he's demanding that babies live. Okay,
that's not a good example. He's conservative and live as a
lady's name. Yes, but Ashley is a lady's name. And he fucks
couches, which is a furniture and puss is vagina. I combine those
three things crumb. That's what you're not understanding. The
lady's name, a furniture reference, as well as a
reference to pussy. It's not a reference to pushy to say push.
That's just pushy without the why, which is what you are.
You're a pussy without the why because why am I even talking
to you? Because we're debating and and I'm saying mine is
better. Because it's more clever. It rhymes a little bit more. And
this admit that you fail. And that Ashley Furnipus is one of
the greatest drag names of all time.
So
no, Ashley's actually took it. Of course it did. People are
going absolutely stop playing the wrong people are going
crazy for Ashley's furnace. Come on down for a for a six on one
deal. We got six of the strongest furniture salesman in the
country. And one gentle sofa that's actually new to the city
is just trying to make it their way. And what are these six
studs going to do to this one furnace? Come on down to
Ashley's furnace and find out right now. Are you pitching a
weird porn right now? No, I'm this is the pitch for Ashley's
furnace warehouse for furnipuses. Anyway, this is what the
drill is what JD Vance will say on stage when he debuts this
character. I'd say this is a failure. I'll admit it.
Conserva live not very good. But Ashley's furnace. I would
argue even worse. Somebody sounds like they lost twice
today. So maybe they're a sore loser because their
furnace has been hollowed out by the strong hand of just good
of good debating. What I've hollowed out your furnace with my
strong hand of good debating. I won. I did it. Are you proud of
yourself? I'm extra. I'm always proud of myself. I've never
not been. I'm actually I'm against the kind of parenting
where you're proud of kids for doing anything. But I'm pro
that for yourself. You need to teach kids to be proud of
everything they do by not ever being proud of them and
forcing them to fill that hole of themselves with their own
unflappable eternal pride in every decision they've ever
made. I stand 1000% behind Ashley's furnace. Ashley
furnace and I can't wait for Ashley furnace to make her
debut. I already got the mascara on already halfway there.
Excited to see you out there on the stage JD show us
what you got. Reclaim drag for us conservative men.
Reclaim drag for conservative men. I've been saying it for
years. It's a proud conservative tradition. Half the fucking
conservative senators you see were literally part of like a
college theater team where basically all they did was
dress as ladies and do plays. It used to be a proud
conservative tradition. It's been stolen from us by the
liberal media media but make drag conservative and mal
again. That's disgusting. George Santos. Well, yeah, he
kind of actually against. Yeah, he was doing it. I'm not
entirely kidding. There's like a weird fascination with
conservative men doing what they would never call drag but
essentially is I'm saying we take it back. You show up
Trump motorboat drag Rudy. That's true. That also did
happen. Yeah, it's a real thing. The conservatives are the
funniest thing and or the most sexy thing we can do is
drag. But but lately it's like we can't because they're
trying to take it from us but it's ours. It's ours. We were
not repressed. We're actually incredibly incredibly open
and based. Alexander the great did it too. Oh, one of the
first. One of the most based conquerors of all time had a
lot of bases. Okay, can we be done? Yeah, I was because I
already won. Stop calling your shot when I'm the one
making the shot. Shots fired by me at you. Target hit.
Everybody's dead. Except you check you're all more alive
than ever because we just shot hit the target together
and the wolves in chat that now all have guns can't stop
shooting and never stop. We'll see you soon. I'm not much
cut and I'll prove this message. I'm running for
office again. I've decided what do you mean? I don't
know what office I'm running for but I've decided I'm
running for an office and and I won already actually and
it was a successful campaign and I've already won the show is
off the air munch. Can you please just munch for
comptroller? Sure, you can be comptroller of this new
station. I think so the follow Robert SBD and master
love. I missed that about 12 minutes ago but thanks so
much. Okay, we have time for one more segment and
that's conveniently that one. Let's send it to the
movies. What else did I say I would talk about
today? Should I for once try to do all the things? I
claim in my title. Okay, well anyway, we need to go to
the movies. I guess I was going to talk about summer
penis, which is the thing that I thought could be
construed as science but
jet was in the bathroom. Jets in the bathroom. I heard
him say science. So I hit the button. I just walk all
around this place. I walk all around this place when
people aren't around. So I just have to be walking by
this particular room and I thought wouldn't it be
fun if maybe I knew science today and and it'll be a
little bit of crumb science. I just hit him so hard
that you couldn't even see it. I tackled him with
such force that it was Dragon Balls East Island made
this noise and he just got fucking blown through a
wall. He just destroyed the wall to my right. There's a
crumb shape holding it. He could be dead but I'm
legally within my rights to do that. Legally within
my rights to do that. There's a sign on the wall
that says if you enter here without my permission, I
will tackle you loony tune style through a wall at
lightning speed. So I just say he got what he deserved.
It's the castle doctrine. Exactly. And the doctrine is
in and the doctor today is serving up some summer
penis. It's the craze sweeping the nation. What is a
summer penis and why is it science is what we're
solving today. Before we go to the movies, don't
worry. We'll get to the movies and we'll do this
quickly because as an expert in summer penis and
honestly, penis for every season, I feel like I can
absolutely crush this story into my summer ball like
it's fucking nothing. Let's see what's going on. Doctor
explains why some men are prone to getting a summer
penis. If you've noticed your penis is summary, don't
worry. The doctor is in the doctrine. We all know the
temperature can affect things down there but have you
ever heard of summer penis? Well, the hot weather
often brings with a positive mood and happier mindset.
There can be some physical changes associated with
warmer clims too. If you notice, things look a little
different down there and I do because despite what
you might have heard from some maligning hand websites,
it's crazy down there for me in a good way. Absolutely.
Anyway, it's actually a thing and it's all got to
do with the hot weather. They're really leading up
to this while you're in the UK. We're lucky to have
more than what are you trying to say? If you've been
experiencing summer penis, you're not alone. What is it?
Essentially, it's a term used to describe the impact of
warm weather on a penis. Apparently the penis can
appear bigger or fuller in the heat and I do have
more of an appetite when it's hot out actually. Some
people, it's when it's cold out for me. If he's
fucking, if I'm in a sauna, I get hungry as shit. I'll
often bring a steak into the sauna. That's smart,
dude. You need some not so lean protein when you're
in the sauna. Absolutely. If I have a hard work
that I hit at the sauna afterward, I'm often
eating a 16 ounce of T-bone in there. And so I'm
just saying it's not surprising that my penis is
also hungry for heat. Absolutely. Dr.
Chun Tang, it's Chun Tang from Private Healthcare
Clinic, Paul Maul, medical, Paul Maul, medical.
Wait, Paul Maul? No, Paul. Yes. Whoa, Paul
Maul's a doctor? You're asking? No, he's a rapper.
Wait a minute. Can we get some Paul Maul music to
fucking read this to? If this is his kind of story,
because I mean, I didn't know that Paul Maul was
like in the hearts kind of says, but if he is,
I'll absolutely represent. Hell yeah. So summer
penis is a term used to describe when a male's
penis seems a bit bigger or fuller during hot
weather. It's not an official medical thing.
Just something people have noticed and talked
about. The idea is that in warmer months,
especially when it's hot, humid, the heat causes
your blood vessels to expand a bit. And that,
I can't, that makes sense to me. As you can see
in this Paul Maul video, they're currently
experiencing summer penis together and it's
forcing them to simply wrap it out. Wrap it up
and wrap it out when you experience summer
penis. Dr. Tang explained that the penis can
look larger, especially when flaccid. Some men
noticed that their penis looks larger when
flaccid. I've noticed that, but it just looks
bigger every day. Because of the increased
blood flow, it might feel a bit softer or more
relaxed than usual. The softer side of
summer penis. While some men might enjoy the
changes that come with the summer penis, any
difference should revert back to normal
once it cools down. Sorry guys. Well, sorry,
not sorry. Me and my boy Paul Maul actually
keep it hot. We're kind of on that
permanent summer penis kick. So, you want a
little bit of this summer dick, I'm on a
summer penis kick. And that's a Paul Maul
style rhyme. Not really. Paul Maul's kind of got one.
Sorry, listen to that. What? Come on, man.
Great shot. Yeah. Well, look, that's what
summer penis is. And you know, somebody said
guys, apparently I missed it. That's on
me. I did probably shatter, crumb into a
million pieces. So, he's dead now. But
more importantly, we've informed you
about this highly skiantific term of
what a summer penis is. And I now
hard send you to your regularly
scheduled movie time. Here's a little
boy that does not sound like me.
Little boy. First of all, I don't sound
like you. Like, I got a whole different,
like honestly, a totally different
vocal register. I'm more chill and I'm
a big boy. But obviously a team.
Um, I, what? Who are you responding to?
You don't have the, you don't have
the ear things in. So, you don't
hear all the stuff that I do. But
sometimes people on the stream are
like, fit to piss me off. And like, it
is cool that he played Paul Wall,
because that's like a classic or
whatever. But like, do not call me a
little boy. I'll show you what I'll
show you why I'm a man, dude. I will
show you why I'm a man, and I will
come for you. So, just keep that in
mind next time. Maybe put a little
respect about fucking name is your
boy Trent. What's happening right
now? We're watching movies, dude.
It's fucking movie time. It's been
too long. All right. Let's see what's
going on. I'll pull up some movies
for you. Feed me movies. I'm hungry.
I'm not. All right, little baby
bird. I'll feed you some movies. Let
me just pull up the thread. Goddamn.
What movies do we have? Drama
alerts? No, it's too quick. We're
trying to drama farm our own weird
ecosystem here, Trent. You're
going to split the, you're going to
split this little viewer base into
pieces. I'm drama farming, dude. I
got drama with, I got drama with
that guy. You don't even know his
name. That fucking guy with the
chin. I got drama with him and I'm
pissed. Chat? I don't fucking know,
man. Everybody's chitchatting or
whatever. Adam Sandler love you. You
want to watch Adam Sandler love
you? There's a colon in there just
so you know. Yeah, I mean, everybody's
got a colon. I learned that in
class. But this is Adam Sandler love
you. And I don't know what that
means. So let's find out. Anyways, I
talk a lot and then I sing and we
do a bunch of shit. So here it
goes. Is this him just doing his
stand up?
What the fuck is happened?
This is just a stand up movie, man.
Daddy gonna get you.
All right, I love you. I love you. I
love you. I love you. I love you.
He's bringing so much joy to me
and they hug and laugh and high
five. That's what addiction do
That's true. He's kind of just
spitting facts with that one.
It's a shame how unpositive dicks
have gotten over the years. They
should really spread joy and love.
I mean, you know, that'd be nice.
That'd be nice. That it was weird.
They tried to make that seem like
it was like there was a story to
that, but it's a stand up show.
You know, you got to experiment
with the format of guy on stage
talk. And I'm glad that they did.
Also, there might have been John
Michael. Did you have a particular
trailer in mind? Cause
I missed it if you did, but I will
make sure to watch it.
I swear to God, I'll pay attention
to chat. You swear you promise
I swear to God, I'll pay attention
to chat.
Quila of the Warriors walled in
in orca 907.
Sorry, it's putting in the
follower names wrong.
Our Cara, thank you for the
follow. And I'll tell case that
his whole system sucks and that
is failed everyone.
I don't know why it's just
keep saying it's an orca.
But thank you, our Cara
and as far as you were saying
that wrong for the follow.
All right, we got to watch
Twilight of the Warriors walled
in. Let me see if I can find
that. It's probably in here
somewhere. Oh boy, we've missed
a lot of trailer. I'll search
it up on YouTube real quick.
Twilight of the Warriors
walled in. Is this a
is this a recent? Oh, it's a
recent movie. See a name like
that always makes me think it's
going to be something from like
1982. Filmed on a budget of
$100,000. Look like it's
filmable, but a thousand quit
profaning the good name of all
the cool truck movies we've
watched trailers for from the
80s. Anyway, oh, is this about
that fucking the city of
Coal Quailudes?
City of Quailudes?
You mean that city you're
talking about the walled city?
Yeah, this city of
Jews. They'll probably say it
in the trailer. So why don't
we just watch that?
They've been over here.
I don't see.
I don't see. This is a real
place.
Not the movie, but the place
is real.
What the hell?
How long? That's right.
Wait a minute. This is a clip.
OK, well, that's a clip, but
I'm going to give you a trailer.
But now you've got a little taste.
That's what we call a trailer
appetizer. That's the official
term for clip. It's just a
clip, young blood.
Yeah, but it's also it's the
kids to call it trailer
appetizers, not just me.
All right, let's just watch the
trailer. Here we go.
Now we're calling.
Oh, shit.
I can do that, by the way.
I've done that before.
That's how I smoke my first
cigarette.
That's how you stop a sword.
You got you don't want to hit
her day.
Can we at least agree that
that fucking ruled?
Yeah, I was. Why would you think
I would? I don't know, because
you're like a hate and ass
like a hate and ass bitch stuff.
Excuse me, young blood.
Yo, in orc.
Stop saying in orc.
I'm going to fix this for
case right now.
Local fuck with you so much
for the for the follow.
You stick you to local fuck
with for the follow.
Yeah, what about in orca?
It's it's broken for some reason.
Cases taped together.
Alert systems unsurprisingly not
working as intended.
Let's see. I bet I can fix it.
I bet I can fix it.
Dang it.
Oh, I see what happened.
OK, I can't fix it because it
actually case did it too wrong,
but I'll tell him to fix it at
some point.
He forgot to tell it to actually
change the name to whoever.
Whoever actually subscribed.
Feel like I'm seeing things today.
OK, it's 2 a.m.
We're talking about movies I had
to follow. Hell yeah, 2 a.m.
Local fuck with where are you?
Somewhere where it's 2 a.m.
Thank you so much local fuck with.
Anyway, City of Calloon is a
pretty fascinating place.
The walled city.
You might have already seen a
number of YouTube videos on it.
Shout outs to watch the video
from somebody on it that I
thought was very good.
It's like a female who does
architecture videos.
I can't seem to find it.
I want to show them out is just
something worth watching.
Anyway, it's a real place.
What?
It's a movie though.
Oh my God, this is the real movie.
Anyway, it was a city that was
walled is what I'm led to
understand that did look all
fucked up in case you've never
seen it is like the most densely
populated.
It's a movie, not a place.
Oh, OK, I had it backwards.
No, it's it was a place.
That now is a lot of media
properties have taken inspiration
from it. It was like a hugely
densely populated, inner whining
city of just zero regulation
and insanity.
Seemingly very unsafe place to
live, although some people have
extremely fond memories of it.
Just look it up if you if
you're curious is we're learning
about I was on that when you said
learning. Well, I said that at
the end of the sentence.
Oh, I was on the way before that
then.
OK, well, look, let's watch one
more trailer or two.
How many trailers did we watch?
Oh, what? We watched Adam Sandler's.
Wait a minute, that was more like a
commercial.
Youngblood trailers are just
commercials for movies.
No, that doesn't sound right.
OK, we got to watch another.
We got to watch something else
before you piss me off by
profaning the good name of
trailers. Let's watch a trailer for
the monkey.
Dude, I love monkeys, but I've
also always said
if a monkey got to misbehaving,
it could be one of the scariest
things. And that's what we're
exploring in this trailer
called the monkey.
No, not even.
James, we're going to scare
me.
Not movies I've heard of.
Oh, my God, I'm good.
Oh, shit, there were teeth in
there. Did I hate it when there's
sneaky teeth hiding in a dark
hole?
You hate it when there's sneaky
teeth hiding in a dark hole?
Yeah, dude, that's.
Like one of the worst things,
dude, but they nailed it,
dude. When that happens, that
shit's scary.
Oh, God, Moana, too.
Oh, God, Moana, too.
I just didn't even know that
you can Moana, too.
Of course they Moana, too.
Moana one so successful.
I got to fix you teleport.
Well, fuck, all right.
I guess if I get Moana, then
I'm a Moana, too.
Shit.
See what she's doing.
Wanted to come this time.
Oh, shit, there's a little more.
You were gone forever.
It was three days.
Where are we going?
Before Molly stole Tiffy T's
heart, our ancestors
wanted to connect our island to
all the people of the
entire ocean.
It's my job as a
wave finder to finish
what they started.
Moana, show how people just
how far we'll go.
I'm shake. Thanks for the follow.
This is a call from the ancestors
hidden in a terrible storm.
It's an ancient island
sitting foot on its sands would
break the curse, bring our people
together again.
I know what I have to do.
Moe, I could really use your help.
Can I get a Chihu?
We destroyed and your way finder,
too.
Now I kind of miss the lava monster.
Ow, ow.
Oh, shit.
She's friends with the waves.
I forgot.
The chicken died.
Nice.
Those aren't people.
Cockham.
Oh, Minions.
Oh, we got this.
Oh, look at it.
What minions in this?
Honestly, I was on the fence,
but then they put a bunch of
fucking minions in it, dude.
And I was like, I didn't expect that.
I love I love team ups.
So Moana featuring minions.
That's my jam.
I think they're actually
co-cocon.
Coconinians.
Yeah, they're minion.
They're minions.
Yeah, Moana died and the chicken died.
I think Maui died.
Yeah, everybody was dying in that.
That chicken drowned to death.
Moana got poisoned.
We got like overdosed on fucking
Trank and then the rocks
like career died or something.
Somebody said online,
even though he's got like eight
hundred million dollars or something.
So I guess he's dead, too.
I think the rocks doing fine.
No, people are saying he's dead.
She's weird because I did.
I saw him on wrestling.
About time children learned about death.
Yeah, you know, there's not enough
children's movies about death.
I think actually young blood,
almost every popular children's
movie is essentially,
perversely, a meditation on death.
Every protagonist in a kid's
movie is a orphan.
Coco is a good example, but I would
extend that to essentially
everything.
Almost all kids movies are about
death, not Fern Goley.
Fern Goley is about the destruction
of the rainforest.
It's about planet death.
OK, but not Toy Story.
Toy Story is famously most famous
seeing probably is from the third one
where they face death.
OK, but not Scoob to
holiday haunt.
Halloween is a celebration of death.
The Scooby mystery gang constantly
confronts death and the
dissolution of identity into a
monstrous unknown.
What?
Look, look, it's straight up.
It's never aging.
OK, but Clifford, the big red
dog, he's big.
Which is about death.
Being big is about death.
Well, because he's got
gigantism, his heart is probably
going to swell and he's going to
die. Wait, that one, I think is
actually you reading into that one.
That's the subtext.
Fritz the cat.
That's about porn, I think.
Clues, clues.
We just not going to touch that
one. OK, Blippi.
Blippi actually isn't about death.
Blippi is about a celebration of
Scott Harlem Shake videos.
And also that's not a movie.
That's a YouTube creator.
Our tax swamp swamp of sadness.
Nuff said that's not a kids
movie. That's like a movie for sad
adults. That's also all kids
movies. All kids movies are also
movies for sad adults.
You're just describing every kid
movie young blood. Well, I'm
describing that I'm done,
actually, because I watch like I
did overtime. I watched like at
least one extra trailer and one
movie for Adam Sandler.
Again, trailers are ads.
Yeah, well, look, he's saying a
bunch of crazy shit, but I'm
fact, I'm not because like all
you I actually know what it is.
I'll see you soon. Bye bye,
everybody. Boom.
Well, mom and dad save the world.
We got to watch that one next
time. So I'm just noticing the
trailers he didn't watch like a
fool.
Fritz the cat.
Fritz the cat used to play on.
I was like a I only know that
because my parents had either
Showtime or Cinemax and late
at night.
Fritz the cat would sometimes
be on.
But maybe it wasn't.
There's like this. There are
all these animations where it
was like crows that were
stand ins.
I think for like black Americans
at the time.
It's like a bunch of kind of
like racially coded adult
animation that used
to be on Showtime and Cinemax.
I lump that in with Fritz the
cat. There'd be pigs and
stuff. I either
that or my brain is melting.
But I remember watching those
movies when I was pretty young
and being like.
The Todd Spengo game.
That was because of Jim Corolla.
Yeah. I mean I think even that I
at least understood.
I understood the illusion.
But I was also like, dude,
these cartoons
are crazy, man. There's like.
Cats with tits.
And also like there's race stuff.
This is nuts.
For some reason at that time,
I sounded like Trent.
Anyway, go watch the the crow,
the crow cat race movies.
Oh, racial cartoon
cat big movie.
Probably going to thank you so much
for the 20 months.
Yeah, it is. Hello, everyone.
Before we start.
Oh, it's Fritz the cat.
Maybe it was just Fritz the cat.
Wizards.
Whoa. Sorry.
Googling this has pulled up some
some cartoons that I cannot show.
It was Dumbo.
I guess I'm just thinking of Fritz
the cat.
Were there crows in Fritz the cat?
Why am I thinking of crows?
Yeah, there were crows.
Oh, I'm thinking of the nine
lives of Fritz the cat.
Duke the crow.
I guess they were just rocking a
bunch of.
They're just rocking a bunch of
70s animation on.
The movie channels late at night
when I was a kid.
Yeah, these are.
This is what I remember.
I'm not insane.
There were crows in Fritz the cat.
It's been a while.
I don't think I've seen any of
these movies since I was
15, but.
I remember feeling like I was
I was like watching something I
wasn't quite supposed to.
Maybe I was even younger.
Maybe it was like 12.
13.
Getting inundated with radical
70s cartoons.
And that's why I turned out like
this.
I am talking to myself.
Says who I'm talking sometimes
to a dog.
Yeah, that's how I grew up to
be JD Vance.
Oh, that's how you did it.
Now we know the secret sauce.
I'm done talking.
Oh, OK.
Now that's Fiona's dog.
I'm Fiona's dog.
That's my only name.
Well, she named you Papito.
Well, there's a life.
Right when I'm about to get off
a hype train starts.
OK, you know what?
We'll end with a DJ music
if this hype train is going to go
off right now.
We're going to mute the hype
train for just a second.
Apple. Whoa.
Double Apple, maybe the hundred
bit.
Jeslyn, thank you for the hundred
bit.
Let's send it over to DJ music
and he'll music us out of here
with this train.
Maybe there's train news.
We'll find out together.
Here's here's DJ music.
There we go.
Music started right back over.
Oh my God.
This is crazy. It's going crazy
today.
Listen, I need my own DJ music
approved train tracks.
Let's just mute this for just a
second.
Good to see everybody today.
It's your boy DJ music.
Let me get my lasers going and
then we'll talk to this train
and get out of here for the day.
Music.
Boom.
It's always so hard to pull up.
Let's see what news case missed
today and then we'll get the
train perspective on the news.
Sometimes it's really important to
get the train perspective on the
news.
Music.
All right, let's see.
What stories did we miss?
What in case I'm talking about
today?
Looking for a horny story.
A male fragrance.
That's my kind of news.
Let's learn about this male
fragrance.
Fragrance.
Damn, y'all.
Oh, yeah.
Thank you all so much for the
support, by the way.
This hype train might die before
I even talk to him, but I'm
OK with that because the
fragrance man.
Making me say, God damn,
a horny story for the
summer penis is on.
Mayonnaise, versatile
condiment.
Summer penis get bad.
Mayonnaise, do not relish.
It's a crucial ingredient.
All potato salad.
The secret of a creamy grilled
cheese.
If you can handle it, handle it.
The perfect dipping sauce for
french fries.
You don't have it.
It's your last surprise.
But Hellman's tries and
tries for something different
in our eyes.
And it hopes we'll start to see
it.
My my my my my mail.
No, no, no, no, no, never let it go.
It's a fragrance now.
Fragrance now.
Hellman's has partnered
with Tennessee Titans
quarterback will leave I.
That's a Levi surprise.
Will leave I.
Fragrance braced on the smell of
Hellman's signature product.
Gesture, lease and combines
with hints of a tart.
Alarm on a little coffee musk and some vanilla
And something they call mayonnaise Accord
Well I've got an accord and that's why I just want more and more and more mayo
Levi's worked with both Hellman's and in the name Perfumer to develop the Fragerence
And they will not relent on that mayonnaise Fragerence, okay
Let's talk to a train now It's just at level 2
You're gonna see a Tamtran dropping those five subs
Every time they come through they said I wanna see this train
So they kept it alive and come catch Tamtran, here's a surprise
We've got a train coming outside right now, here's a train
Best, we the best music Man that's got me losing it
Okay, you wanna condiment I want some dick
Let's skip the shit I want that mayonnaise coming out the spot
Bro, mayonnaise got no doubt I wanna fucking hard and in charge
With the mayonnaise going hard and in God I wanna go murder
I wanna get fucked by mayonnaise man
You wanna get fucked by a mayonnaise man?
That's what I'm here to talk about today man
People think mayonnaise sexuality is some kind of joke
For too long mayonnaise has been a term used to describe boring white guys
Well actually it's an incredibly sensual oil product
With a disgusting sexual smell that gets the people going
A Mayagre egg, a Mayagre or like a sexual blotcher
With that mayonnaise on I will stop her
That mayonnaise got me dead much harder like Bobito with the cheese
I got the mayonnaise meat I got the mayonnaise greed
I need the mayonnaise seed mayonnaise baby please
Give me mayonnaise that's the only food on which I feed
I'm a mayo fucking boss
Man is I can't get a fucking nut
Come in and tough, yes!
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la lotion
Uh oh that's some mayonnaise motion
It's white, it's oil
You like mayonnaise dude?
I see a lot of things on this roof but
A train just getting horny for mayonnaise is not how I thought this day was going to go
But Pito is being over served
He always is man, he always is play me a mayonnaise beat
Well you know I'm derelict in my DJ duties
I've let the music stop so I will in fact find you a mayonnaise beat
I don't even, little mayonnaise type beat
Can you please think these subs are so generously supporting him
In Sam mayonnaise tirade?
In Sam?
Yo Pito's popping off
And I'm about to pop off on this 46 second mayonnaise track
And think all your asses
Look at this thing
Oh 40 seconds on the flow
Here we go, here we go
46 seconds I'm drivin' on the flow
I got a new sensation
40 bits from last week's collaboration
Oz, we know stars
We got 200 bits
Oh my god 46 seconds and I still ain't stop
Skyward making me so cold that I might say
Burr 100 bits, that's enough for me to buy some fur
Gettin' it in
100 bits man, that's Jeslyn
You are my new best friend
Appledapplin' of course
That still rhymes with Snappa
100 bits because it is never a hassle
Jeslyn doubling down 102
And we got Appledapplin one more
Comin' through and those are the bits, subs
Thank you for, uh, thank you for representing the subs
Keep this fuckin' music goin' man
I'm still alive
I still got more, I still got more fuckin' mayonnaise
To talk about baby
Oh just nothin' but me
Starin' with mayonnaise and sex
We can talk about somethin' else
Nah you brought this on yourself man
You brought me up here to talk about mayonnaise
I'm gonna tell you about some mayonnaise then
Goddamn
Why you loosing lube?
You lookin' like a fuckin' loser dude
I got a lube plan
Something to slap in your hand
I serve a mayonnaise lube
Bright earned demand
You think that you need water, baguette, lube?
Nah, listen
The world's best lube
Is right in your kitchen
I'm talkin' hell man
Bring him hell
Put that shit on your shit
Do not mind the smell
Mayonnaise on your dicks
But I'm talkin' about it
We always spreadin' that mayonnaise
Way down south by T-Bot
Dicks, like a little bit of bread
Put a little spread of mayonnaise
Right on my head
It's just a dappin'
That mayonnaise that you can handle
This is just too much
mayonnaise fuckin' and I'm DJ Newzik
And so that's...
I have a high threshold for this stuff
Shut the fuck up DJ Newzik
We talkin' mayonnaise right now
You know
mayonnaise pouring down wider than sound
With the stinkiest finnig up
You know I'm gettin' the eye
Spillin' like a fuckin' sweaty T-shirt
Mayonnaise baby, you know that's how this hype train flirt
So I'm talkin' mayonnaise
Mayonnaise, give me some fuckin' mayo
And I say, Lennis, I will do that for sure
Well that's... that's...
That's beautiful hype train
And that's probably all the time you have, right?
You're probably good now
Unless, well, where you wrong?
I got another seventeen
Hours of mayonnaise
Where's your both mayonnaise on your dinner?
You fuckin' died, man
Oh shit, my voice, you fuckin' died
They have stuff's really teleporting around the stream today
What can you do sometimes your stream teleports?
And that's all the time that we have, alright
That's it to each and every one of you for keepin' it lit
But that's the stream we fuckin' out
For the rest of the day we talked about some dumb bullshit
But we're done, okay?
We on the roof with your boy DJ Nuzik
We gonna raid somebody today so you know
We don't lose it, let's see who's right on Twitch
Checkin' the sitch
It's pitchin' up my voice, what the fuck's with this shit?
We got Gina
We gonna raid hard and out
We gonna bring Papito one because this shit ain't workin'
So talk about
Pito what you got for us?
It's exciting
Let's talk about that cheese
Oh, Papito is huge on the roof
I'm really close to the camera
There's a lot of fun stuff to eat on this roof
Who likes to feed me cheese?
We've got John G. Menfive
Who also will feed me cheese
We've got Skimer and guess what?
They will also feed me cheese
Lady side tricks, there's no trick here
Just feed me cheese
They'll say thank you in advance for the cheese
Apple but today as a special treat
It rocked on Glyphs
Oh, I had to tell the time the show has
Not the whole time