We're back. Yeah, yeah, yeah
Okay
Back to the DLC was the castle ensues the moon does need deaths
How's it going bro? I was sick all weekend, but I'm finally
More or less better and ready to just
smash my head against
The brick wall of this game like this
This is me
This is me playing Elden Ring not the main character the guy I'm looking at boom god these tables suck
Can you imagine if you just jumped at it at a table and it exploded? I guess that's just how strong my guy is
Yeah, I got a new fit
New day knew me
This is like a super high focus
robe
And you're wearing this you know you're focused
Whenever I put a wheel around my neck I
Score so high on the SATs, which I take for fun. Okay
This lady uses magic
I'm on to her I
Happen to have magic livers
Yeah, boost my my magic negation
chop chop chop
Okay, oh
It's supposed to do that last
There's so many things to do
Power ourselves up. Oh, yeah
Power ourselves up again. Yeah
Slurp this down and
Get this ready. Okay. We're good to die. We're ready to die
Save me mimicked here. Oh
Immediately stabbed. Oh, come on
Lady take it a little bit easier
Look, there's a duplicate of me that wants to say hi
I think
Good job duplicate
Keep that up. Oh, we're doubling up on her. Ow. I got a block with my jellyfish
Why does she hate me so much?
And there's a perfectly good duplicate of me to hate
You're still doing it commander Gevin, I do appreciate it
Well, I think we'll be back on our news grind tomorrow with maybe a little Elden Ring capper, but
My voice is still a little shitty. I can summon a person. Yeah, come on
Needle knight
Thank you though commander get appreciated all 18 months the 1.5 year mark
I'm gonna have so many fingers and needles
I'm gonna be sewing up this boss take the knee
Oh
We goo ourselves
We go let's do it needle knight come forth my buddy
ow
Rough start rough this start yet
Stop look how many other people are attacking you
Why am I so special to you?
She's literally getting smashed by these other guys just staring at me. Oh
We're coming at her from all angles though. Oh, she's rotting. There we go. We've done our we've done our part. Oh
roll
Oh
Why do I even I'm summoning these other dudes?
Hmm. Oh
Yeah, oh no my death counter is not working
The death counter is dead. Oh did I not load my stream bot? I might not have loaded my stream bot
Stream bot activate. I always forget to do that. Come on. Okay, there it is
There we go
Should have a counter a separate counter for how many times I forget to press that button
I'm gonna have so many counters
All right. Come on, dude. And we do our fucking routine
Which I love doing every time and in we go
I'm banned from Elden Ring Rob
How he's so drunk with power you don't have any I swear
Again
Hey, let's barf on her. Oh, she's already rotted
You can stop barfing on her
Maybe she hates lightning. Oh, I should equip lightning spear
I don't think that really hit her. I'd jump that
Hey, let's start just barfing eye lasers at her. Oh, she does not give a shit about eye lasers
Maybe she hates
Lightning that actually hits her hit her this time. Oh, that did something. I'm just gonna stab her. Oh
God, what's happening? Oh
Well, at least we will see what the second phase is like before I die
Not clear that I'm just running from you lady. Oh
No needle knight. I need you. Oh, I'm needle Knightless
Well, that's so cool that that's the thing that it can do
It's nice when they make three waves of something and the getting hit by the first wave just totally kills you
We're changing up our fire spells don't do
Nothing here
What else we got we need to be cowards
lightning spear
More faith
Barts, I don't have nearly enough faith because they're oops. I kind of quit it but I can't use it
Blood flame Lord servo. Thank you for the 20
months of madness
That's crazy
Damn, I can't even use that. I don't have shit to use against this
That's how love should be redo. Oh feels a madness. I don't care about that. All of this is bad
The scales with intelligence, so that's useless. I don't think we care about holy damage
Oh retaliates upon receiving a number of blows. I mean I receive plenty of blows
No, all this shit sucks. Never mind. We're just gonna beat our heads against the wall. How many times would I have to level up to
Use lightning spear. Let's see
Oh, look at my beefed up stats now that I'm skadooched to level four
Holy damage by Dio
Holy damage by Dior. Oh my god. I'd have to level up five times that that'll take 30 minutes
um
Well, let us beat our heads against this boss
I guess I can just try to get good
I think the trick as always is just to barf on her
I don't think I even need to power up my fire spells. They don't do anything. So we just do this
Taking the knee
juicing it
bless up
In we go
And the barfing begins
Yeah, that was me. I barfed at you
What about it lady?
Dude, why is my mimic tears so out of the fight?
Okay, I tried jumping that time. It's not super effective
I guess eye laser is better than doing no damage
Oh, it's down
Oh
I'm running
I'm running the fuck away from you
Yeah, get pissed. You just got barfed at
Is that upset you?
I'm upset on your behalf
Oh god
Okay
You're not rotten yet. What does it take to make this chick rot?
Oops, she turned around immediately
I just see my beautiful jumps
And one-shotted
Hey, Sabrina
Dude, I
I kind of am with everybody who says that this uh expansion is
Is too hard
I just don't I don't see the appeal of fighting these bosses that once shot you
I also this morning before I played I went around and I collected all of the
Fragments in the areas I've already discovered I think I just I mean I looked up where a map of where they are in the areas
I already have so I think I got them all it only got me to level four
This seems like a boss. I'm supposed to beat before progressing
So I guess this is just the intended difficulty level
I don't know. I think it's a little I think it's I think getting one-shotted by like 10 combo bosses just feels kind of bad
Oh, you don't have to beat this boss to go on. Well, maybe I just fucking skip this because
If I just get one-shotted by it when it's at a quarter health 10 more times, I'm gonna
probably rage quit like
I got the asmon gold disease
I can go around this castle
But I already got my furled finger needle knight leader here
I guess we'll try it one more time because I already summon this lady and then I'll give up
Yeah, I know there there have to be more fragments to get because I think you can go to level 20 and I'm at level four
Well, we'll try this we'll lose and then I'll just look up how to get to the next area
Why are you so obsessed with me?
Listen up jack
Microfondering or just man with james 750 shiny tasting
I've been trying to say this
I'm directing space force to point our james space laser kins at the bosses and then they're together
Looking for brand
He does that almost every time lately
Thank you so much be grendel for the 19 months
And microphone 900 not only for the 750 bits but for rallying the president to my side
I still have no fucking idea how to dodge that
If I can beat this walk wall of hype trains going on I will feel more accomplished than ever
Ooh, but it's not looking too likely
I'm getting hit by strays and dying
Oh shit. Oh well
Okay
Got a barf on him before he we can't anymore
Uh-oh, all right. We lost officially uh uncle phil. Thank you for the hundred skimer. Thank you for the hundred
The hype train almost propelled us to victory
but instead we're gonna
Gracefully flee from this enemy hitting a level two. No problem
bank sauce
With the 20 months
That was pretty cool
You know, I guess because I don't really want to look something up while this hype train song is playing and I
Literally have set it up. So I can't turn it off. I'll just fight the boss again until this song ends
Hello matt. It's great to see you. Oh god
I blew it
It's fine. Whatever this is going
Whoa, right up in my face. Okay
I'm so focused so focused that I'm forgetting to dodge
Oh my gosh input reading. How dare you?
Uh, thank you guys for all the support
It's the hype train is technically still going. I at least didn't set up. So that song loops until it's over
Sparing us that
Oh, shit
Wow, that did not hurt it very much
Rod new fools
Okay, like barfing time
Oh, I didn't get hit by that. I see you're behind them. They don't hit you. Ow
I see immediately hits me while I'm behind them
Okay, I spoke way too soon
Just got a barf one more time successfully
Then maybe
By the power of barf
Uh-oh
I'm a mario gamer
Mario gamer. No
What you fucking died at I died
You know who else died
Oh, maybe it counts. Maybe it counts. I got the remembrance
It counts
Well, that is the most dark soulsie way to win that fight then just
Cheasing and dying and still winning
Yeah, wins a win. Look easy 180 000 runes
Boss successfully failed. I feel
I take it all back. I feel like a king
The the boss has never count on my ultimate ability, which is respawn, but for some reason they don't have
I'd love to know the lore reason for why I respawn and they don't
Level three from tamtrend with the five community subs in honor of our
Victory you put the handout make the v sign make the quotes
Leveling up
Only vigor only more life, please
Can we get hype train guy here? We can get a hype train guy
I guess he can come say hi
I've tried to banish him from the
Shadow realms, but that is where he spends some of his time
So I guess I can just check in with the hype train
Um
Okay, hype train
Are you doing how you how you doing? How dare he ban me
From the shadow realms the shadow realms are my thing
Play me some sad violin music. Oh, it already is. That's what I'm in the mood for today
I'm pumped up off this sad
stream music
Whoa
Diesel brother you want a different train fine
You want a different train? I'll be a different train
In honor of the lands between
I'm half case now
Or I'm the feeling a train
That feels wrong stepping on Fiona's toes
This is all the train we have to work with. Oh wait. There's this guy. Yeah. That's a rover case his head
Yes
I finally made it
I've taken over case his brain
In his own apartment
Yep, we've case went with this bullshit arcane bleed bleed build. You should have gone straight decks
I want a rolling based speed build so I can really tackle these bosses in an honest way
That's how the hype train plays
My mind I got 100 decks 100 vitality
100
Endurance that's my build
I have to be I have to get to about level two 300 for it, but I just do that because I don't mind grinding
Skid you tree fragment
Oh, I can't find the skid you tree fragments. Okay
I just found one so easily
What's up, dude? What's up with you?
Yeah, I found the sight of a new cross
Oh
He said as much himself
He says the act though undoubtedly painful
We'll see her clean the third trees wanton the sin. The truth of his claim can be found at each cross
Oh, go I skipped his last line
In that forsaken place
blood must spill
Blood of your fellows
The old hype train guy is better
I'm the same guy. I just took over case's head new looks same me
All the way at level three. See I still I'm even
Hello again, did you meet my compatriots?
The crisis 2000 from places as far and wide as you can imagine
Doubtless it have all come to blows at first glance
Were it not for the charm kindly micular put upon us
This is what allows us to serve together the work of a living god
Wondering about the horn sent are you true enough
In any other circumstance he be at our throats
Long ago queen marica commanded so mesmer to purge the tower for
A cleansing by fire
It's no wonder the horn sent holds the erring contempt that aside
Man is by nature a creature conquest. Yeah, I totally get that and this regard the tower folk are no different
They were never saints
They just happened to be on the losing side of a war. It's still a wretched chain
Anything else
I take it back. I thought you might say something else. Please stop talking. They just happen to be but it's still a wretched
Leave what's up with this
I abandon my you my heart. Oh, wow. Okay, that's new
Different body parts getting dropped everywhere. That's exciting
Oh my god
Wow, I feel better. I feel like I just sneezed
Wow, that train was so hyped up
The hype train got a cold too. That's why it's lower energy than usual
Okay
well
As much as I'm complaining about this dlc. I've beaten two bosses
So I guess I'm actually incredible
I should I just look up where the fucking skidoo tree fragments are
Maybe I should just look at a map
First of all, where do I get more map here? Give me this map
I'm getting to abandon my plan to not cheat by looking things up and instead
I'm becoming more tempted to just
Get every fragment possible
So that I can actually fight these bosses skidoo atlas
Yeah, I don't like what the hype train was doing to my whole head
Okay, there's another map over there. Let's get that. Oh god, horsey knights
I have a bad history with knights with big hammers on horses
Oh, you're right. Anything that exists exists in 2002 is basically immortal. It's it's a cultural thing
So the hype train shouldn't be killable. I guess secretly it was actually a 2001 train
Just before the cutoff
What the frick, how do I get down there?
Oh my god
The world is blue
Oh, the moon's back. Ronnie's gonna be so happy. I guess it never left
I was not even sure there was a moon. I forgot to look up
How does one get down there?
Ah
A ladder just jump off the edge, dude. Nope. No. Oh, I got you though. Check me
Wait a minute. Maybe actual checkmate
fall off
fall off
I might look like a monk
But I'm mostly a murderer
Wow, the fact that I got him that low and still didn't kill him with that
stomach stab
Would suggest that he was quite a bit stronger than me
Uh, okay, I guess let's just do this because why not?
Can I get down this way?
Gonna skadoo our way down
I wonder if they were gonna call this expansion the skadoo tree
And then they were like, it's not testing well. I'm like, I guess it's the shadow of the earth tree too
A graveclawer
This I've already been to
I'm backtracking now. Well, that's fine
I think
I hurt my horse and myself
Uh-oh, this might be too far
Oh, no torrent. I've killed us again
Oh, maybe not
Yeah, use use your goat parts
What the?
That's definitely not survivable. I've been tricked
Man, not these guys
Fucking blood trolls
Okay, okay, okay. Oh, I can ride this in here weird
Spelldrake talisman plus three
All right, I feel like the game is telling me I can't really do anything this way yet, but maybe I can yeah, no
No, no, that definitely wasn't the right way. Okay. Well, maybe we forget about that
distant
map piece for now
It looks so close, but I guess it's really far away
How do you get there?
Oh, maybe you go up and then left
Skadoo, okay, I'm gonna look up a map of skadoo tree fragments
Every time I say that I feel like I'm doing a bit
But it is what they're called and then they're so they seem to be important
And I guess the tree here is called the skadoo tree. That's
Just crazy. Maybe it sounds better in Japanese
Didn't jack black say like skadooch
Or was that like silent
Jay from chain silent bob
Uh, okay skadoo
Two tree fragment, maybe I'm thinking of snoochie poochies
map, okay
There's 50. Oh my god
Okay, just to get the complaints out in my brain out of the way
Oh, wow, there's so many
I do think it's a little silly
that uh
That they made their
leveling system for this expansion work like this. I mean because I literally just spent
It granted it's not the right way to play the game. I thought I spent, you know, a couple days of gameplay running around collecting
Stones to level my character up to a point where I could kind of skip a lot of the content
Um
This seems like it's literally encouraging me to do that. It's like run around the map
Literally collect stones and then you're strong enough to tackle the content
Is just a very weird design for your exploration game because you basically have to run past
I'm gonna have to run past a bunch of encounters. I suspect to get these
Anyway
Whatever who said skadooch. Oh, that is a good question
exclamation point. Oh
If you want to fill in this chat poll
So that we can fill ourselves in on who said skadooch
First was it this game? Was it someone else type exclamation point. Oh and what you think and then we can vote on it
um
All right, where am I in this map? I might have missed one. I'm just gonna go back and check all these spots
We're gonna check off all of these fucking
Things one at a time
I gotta I should give you guys 60 seconds to vote. I'm gonna change that for these polls
My vote would probably be my asshole's a pretty good vote. I feel like kung fu panda sounds about right
exclamation point v1
Through five is how you vote if anyone cares to otherwise we're gonna have a powerful tie
Of strong zeros
23 skadoo is an american slang phrase generally referring to leaving quickly
I've never heard that 23 skadoo
Or have I heard that maybe I have heard that
And I've let myself forget
Damn the winner was a tie between I think kung fu panda and whatever the other option was
Someday, I'll figure out how to get the tie to show us what the tie was but that was beyond my uh
mathematical abilities when using
Streambot
okay
I probably got the one here. I'll check anyway. Apparently there's a pot
around
here
Which I might have also done
Sidi grace here feels like I would have gotten that
There's a pot over here
I probably also got that
I don't fucking know man. There's one here that I also must have gotten
That all of them
Oh, there's a hippo, but it's over here. I don't even know if I can get there yet
All right, we check off those five and then we
We keep looking no stop skadooching
That son's about right you I don't think I got you yet
Yes, I needed to murder this pot guy
Is that a skadooch? That was a skadooch
It's too late for you while I already stole your skadoo daddy. Oh my god. I'm under attack
Okay, that's close
Vanessa's aces but busted and she can't afford to fix it
I didn't know this
She could also just I guess
Uh, what's uh go fund me I would contribute to Vanessa's
AC fixing go fund me if she's a little hard up right now
Who's chasing me?
Who's swinging
Merling blades at me this fucking guy
There's one of you out here. Oh my god. That's the way I came into the whole game. I think it is
Did I forget a whole skadoo fragment right at the start? Probably not
I hope not. I'm just gonna assume I got it. I guess
Try to leave a vague mental log in my head of the ones that I
Unsure that I got
Go to the library and talk with people about the best movie hogs. What is the best movie hog?
It's a good library discussion
It can't be a porn. Oh discounting pornographic movies
Obviously, we got the kevin space. It's kevin. Uh, oh my god. Footloose kevin
I went in my brain went kevin spacey kevin conroy
That's another good use of the flash pole mechanism. I gotta say I'm just gonna say hollow man
Babe, that's a pretty good one
did frank
Did frank hang some dong in lowlita?
I don't even know. I wonder how lowlita would go over if it got released today
Everybody loves to say you can't make movies that that they used to or whatever tv shows that they used to make and movies and stuff
But maybe that's one where it's like, yeah, we could probably stand not to
Keep remaking lowlita
Vote now
Wild things had a had a hog in it. Whose hog was in wild things?
Oh, that's not
Yeah, there's a couple lowlitas, but I wasn't the 94 one the last one with the frank
How do you say his last name langela langela? Oh god, not that you can really tell me
Over over text is I will misread it anyway
Oh, man watchman is
Watchman did have a lot of
Semi-transparent blue penis in it. Oh
It's a tie. It's a three-way tie
I think I'm gonna change the voting
So you just have to type exclamation point one through five. I also think I know how to do that now
Or you can just type either hell is what's over here. Is there anything?
What church? Oh wait, I've already been here. I've already been here. Okay
I'm letting myself get confused as usual
Well, we're being very magnanimous today. We're spreading the love of what we consider to be a great movie hog
Let's check over there
Anyway, just to refocus my complaints from hogs to this
I do think this is an insanely tedious system for leveling
Uh, and just feels like arbitrary power capping
I honestly would have preferred they just kept the base games leveling or
Maybe you just got runes from enemies you kill, but they're like
Skadoo runes
Skadoons and that just gives you some like other thing you can choose where to allocate allocate stats
Something okay, it looks like I already got this one too
I kind of remember finding one around here
This is also crazy because it's like
They're not even all in the same risk like churches of america were kind of an easy way to tell
If you'd gotten uh golden seeds or whatever
Or whichever that whichever thing the churches have. Oh never mind. Maybe I didn't get them. Ow. Oh. Oh god
Okay, there was a skadoo fragment. Thank god. I
looked around a little bit
I almost missed that full skadoo fragment
Anyway, because they were out mostly at churches america. It was uh
At least kind of check your work and be like
Well, if I see the church on my map, I probably got it
Um, but this is pretty wild. They're just
On the ground or next to a thing or I don't know
They seem pretty essential and it's it's a little tedious to check if you got them clearly
Anyway, other things about this though
I do like the world the way the world looks is growing on me
Even if it's a little samey to the base game, but I do just I like the base game so much. I mean, I don't know whatever
I guess more of that is fine
Okay, yeah, I must have gotten our skadoo friend here
Yeah, I'm noticing that they're often in a pot guy
Wait, what let us baby meet again
Do you wonder why the eternally dour fellow keeps? He's one of the towers horn sent
I can only assume he fights, but we needn't concern ourselves. He too was charmed by and that makes us
We're not gods you and I
Even if we don't I doubt our meddling forever amount to mark
I don't know my meddling's amounted a fair amount. It seems I keep killing all the gods
They do have a lot to say which I don't mind. Okay, so we checked all those
We've checked this area's
edu fragments
It's like there's one here. I I'm very confident. I got the one here
So I won't even mark it. I literally got it this morning
I got one
I got one in this place that I had missed
And I got one there. So I guess I'll just check here. Okay
I'm filling you in on my
laborious thought process when it comes to these
edu fragments
Maybe they named him that because they knew the system was kind of whatever and a lot of people would hate it
They're like, let's just give it a name
That makes you feel insane when you say it so that when you try to complain about it
You're like I sound like a psychopath
Hello guys
Yeah, I think if I wasn't streaming this I would um
Oh god, I would do it more naturally, but
I think it will be really miserable to watch me
Just
part
Acid breath at every boss although inevitably that's probably what I'll have to do anyway
Skidoo I sense skidoo
What's up friend
Have you heard the good news? There's one of these
Oh
Oh skidoo
Rock breath is very strong
It's horrifying
I think you were one of the people in chat suggesting I use it and you were
A thousand percent correct. Hello. Hello
Nice mask
So well, yeah, here's to new beginnings, I suppose
Oh, we're on a reality tv show now
Well, I'm not much good at anything is all I'm as weak as a kid and I'm thick as two
How the hell did you even get over here?
Since the very day I was born
I'm afraid the only thing I'm proficient in are you micola
It's poison. Sorry
Oh, and you sell me poison great
Always sells me a ton of poison
Throw together to cause buildup of poison throw together
You just throw clumps of poison poison stone
I'll take all of your of your poison. Oh, I don't have that much. I don't have that many rooms
I'm gonna buy all this poison shit
Just give me the word if you need
Just give me the word if you need any more poison
I do kind of want to become uh like a door to door
I want to become the church of latter-day saints for first first skidoo
Have you heard the good skidoo?
Uh, what was I doing? Oh, okay
Do I have any runes 15,000 that should get me some poison
Give me all these you never know when you might need a ton of poison
And also when it might kill me. Oh, I took got all of them. All right, whatever that's I want that bottle to
Um, just give me the
I gotta stop skipping him saying giving it give me the word if you want more poison
I want more of your poison. Oh, Trina's lilies. These are good
Make some sleep pots
Just give me the word if you need any more poison
Poison
What did she leave here or he?
I have been in here a part of the flesh of my body. Well, that's not as exciting, Nicola
Yeah, it's just a skidoo tithing
I guess I may as well jam these skidoo's into my guy that we've already gotten
In this slow skidoo collection process
Oh, that's not a that's not a sight of grace. You're already at level 23 skidoo. Damn and you just started playing
Yeah, skidoo me up
And skidoo me again
I'm at six now. Once I'm at 10
If I'm still suck ass, I'm gonna be a little worried
I mean, I I I'm assuming 20 is way better
But if I'm still getting absolutely rocked at 10 that that could be a problem
Because that might just mean that I
suck
Oh god
Oh, man, I have to go back here. Oh wait. No, I got the one I got two here
Because I got this one this morning. Well, did I?
Fuck I don't I don't even know where this is
I got one from a pot person
I got one out here
And then I did go. Uh, yeah, okay
I got I got the ones there because I can't get into this part of the castle yet
So we'll ignore those a ska music optimized jet ski
Damn, we have an uncle who apparently used to be heavily involved in kawasaki and I wish that he still was
And wasn't super ancient so I could pitch him on my brilliant idea for the or steal my brother's brilliant idea for the skadoo
Just to skidoo that caught that every time you rev it plays ska music and instead of engine noises that's engine is designed
To make ska music
The first ska engine
I don't know how the science works, but I think the engineers can figure it out
Did I get a skadoo in here? I I did
I think it's a checkpoint. I must have gotten the checkpoint ones. They're so blatant
Okay, I'm getting confused by this map now
I've now moved into the portion of getting confused by this map
There's one here, which we got okay
Then out here. There's one which we just got
Right. I must have
Well, I didn't even I'll go check
Check just to be safe. Yes
An engine that sounds like scat man what
Who wouldn't buy it?
Somehow I didn't grab the sight of grace here. So that makes me worried that I also didn't
Grab whatever obvious kadoo fragments here, but looks like I did
I think if I if I approached our uncle with that
Enough energy and said that he might just get confused into giving me money
Especially now
Because he's an old he is an older gentleman
Apparently there's one here and one here
There's a pot here
Apparently there's one here. Wow. These are freaking all over the place
Waterfall stuff is going on
Here
And there's two
Oh, I'm losing them now
No, I'm overriding the early ones
I put one here, but I can just leave one there. Okay
There's one here. I'm just going to go down the road and look for that one first
The Seth Rogen laugh having to hear myself recorded too many times
Due to attempting to have a career in media
Uh, it's it's difficult to have a laugh that isn't
Hearing it repeatedly a little annoying
But Seth Rogen, I guess people like his laugh actually. It's just very uh
His own what the frick? Oh, no
I'm looking for a skidu fragment
Got him
What the hell's going on? Oh, no
What you doing?
I don't feel like that's a good strategy
That's got to do something to his own camp, right?
I guess it just worked. Everyone's fine. Okay a church
If we're lucky this won't be tied behind a horrific boss fight
I can just sprint in and skidu away
I can skidu skidu 23
23 and skidu
Church of the crusade
Enter the flame and fight a guy who one shot you
Do not evade the flame of Mesma. Oh fuck
No ignore me for just I just need to at least get the okay now I can die to you
Hey, wait, I already killed you once you little fucker. I already beat you once
And it sucked the first time for me. All right, I'll show you what's up
When you go frickin crazy
Oh god that still barely hurt a mess. All right, maybe we fight you more honestly
Yeah
Didn't work
That was at least I guess a two-shot because I didn't he I didn't heal
I think the thing that worries me more is when I shot him with my uh
Yeah
And I mean I'm I am getting more getting more skidued up as we go
again, it's hard to imagine that when I'm at like
Ten skidu I'll be that much stronger
I'm committed by the way now to saying skidu as much as possible. Okay, so we got this one
In case that wasn't already clear. Wow. It's actually kind of hard to tell how far away things are
Due to the verticality
Uh-oh. Oh, that was fine
I'm the skedointed
skedointed one
The skedointed one approaches
the thief of merica's joy
He claims the realm of skibbity
from the peninsula of
That's a skidu fragment
just
Ashing through all their shit. No wonder people don't like this guy
The skidude. Okay, let's just rest it out
Let's get deagroed. Oh, and I am ready for more skidu power
I'm gonna get to like I'm gonna get as many as I can in this area once I'm at like 10 or 11
I'm gonna go back to that church and see if I do more damage to that guy just out of curiosity
And I'm a little worried that uh, I really will not
Okay, there's also one here
And yeah, there's still that one there and that one there. Okay, so that's fun for us
I guess we go get
This pot one
Oh wait, I should talk to all these weirdos
What's up, man
Oh, he's got his oh
Shit, it's um that guy from diablo 4. It's the angel from diablo 4. What's up?
Oh
Nothing. Oh ticondrius is who I'm thinking of
It's freaking ticondrius
And he doesn't have shit to say to me
My skidu level is too low
You actually getting 10 charisma as well every time you upgrade your skidu and I need to um
Have at least 100 a charisma buff to talk to ticondrius
All right, something bad is after me
I'm looking for a pot. I'm not looking for you. You're a dog
Leave me alone vague spirit animal. Oh, yeah, I can't look at the map while stuff's aggroed on
What's your deal without a problem?
What the fuck's going on over there?
Uh-oh
Oh my god
What the hell's happening here?
Who's he fighting? Holy shit. This is kind of cool
Anyway, let's run away. It's none of my skidu business
Oh god dogs everywhere. Where's this freaking pot guy?
Okay, oh my god, they're just eating my fading corpse
I guess I need to more accurately place my marker for where this pot man is
um
Looks like they're more like
here
Give me this imperian juice
I don't know what it does. I should actually look at my crafting
Abilities. I've not looked at anything new I can do
firepots
daggers sure
Is any of this good?
Oh a beast lure pot a bewitching branch
Charm pierced enemy
What does that mean?
Charm a pierced enemy
You stab them because that's kind of funny. You just charm them by impaling them
A roped oil pot and that's for fire. Okay. Well, anyway
You control them nice. It's so charming. It's so seductive
Yeah, you you pegged them in you pegged them into charms
What are you looking at?
Oh broken room
I'm only after your pot friends. I'm a narc. I'm here for the pot guy
Uh, I think that the pot man could be in the hole
Oh, no, he's right here. Oh
Give me your sweet skidu. Oh, okay. I forgot he literally drops it
Oh god, it's one of those guys
Jesus I was pretty high up, dude
I should have pegged them then they would have been my pale
Wait, you have a pot
Oh, but it wasn't a sparkling pot. It was an angry pot
Okay, that's another one down. What else over here. Let's do it. This is so wild that I'm
Just sprinting around this map barely taking anything in
To collect stones
Exactly what I was planning not to do in this expansion
Uh-oh these ones are pissed
Are you gonna aggro on me?
Oh, yeah, they are. Oh perfumers fun
What's going on in here ladies? I'm just stealing stuff and running
Oh a shitty swamp area
Hooray
Oh great a piss swamp
I take it back. There's some unique designs after all a filthy piss swamp awaits me
I need to get done there
Oh piss Shrek
Maybe that boss of this area is piss Shrek
Uh
Looking for an entryway here. Oh god, that doesn't look promising
That also doesn't look promising not seeing anything on the other side of the map
Uh
Get out of my piss swamp
So I came in
Sure is all right
Um, I now that you say that that does sound super familiar
but
Oh
Okay, that was a mistake
I was like, maybe that's
a very cleverly hidden
secret thing
But it was just a murder. I just died
Okay, I don't think I can get to the waterfall one yet
I'm just gonna assume there's some
Other way. Oh, there's one in the corner here
Got that one. We're gonna ignore this one
Yeah, I don't know that might not be giving the game enough credit card king
Yeah, that's that was the trick I disemployed. I threw myself directly off the cliff and now I know
It's not great
All the music in this game was written by Vin Diesel actually
It looked like a little alcove
In my brain
Geez, they're still going at it. It's really nice of them to distract that thing for me
Oh
Well, hold it's the brave tarnished. Oh, oh, where's he going?
Oh, okay. He's
He's leaving. He's he's just leaving
Our skadoo fragments over there
But can I even get over there it would appear I cannot
Ooh, but consolation prize a rune arc
Interesting
How does one get over there? I don't know
A sight of grace
I think it's a kink, but it makes me it's his focus kink
Somehow it makes him really sharpen up every time he puts this wheel around his neck. He's like, oh, yeah
I could think all day
Oh, oh, it's one of you. Will you still take me to volcano manor?
Oh a different type that's fun
Now there's a different type. I don't know what those do. All right, let's uh see what happens if we fight them
I really thought I was gonna run off the edge. Let's get pumped
This is a good dude right off the cliff something else died too
Maybe I should let myself get caught. All right, let's just go in this building. I guess
Oh, yeah, what a blessings of America do I have no idea that a consumable
Oh
It's kind of good. I guess
To waste one of those in a fight that I lose in one shot
All right, we're technically actually playing the game for a second
What's up, dude ready to door out? I was not ready at all
This is lovely
I see a little guy up there
you know, I was thinking of like someone brought up yesterday how um
I was unsurprisingly complaining about how
The look of this just feels a little samey to the base game and I was maybe hoping for them to switch it up a little
um
They brought up breath of the wild for some
the other one
Skyward whatever skyward not sword but the sequel to breath of a wild which just uses the same base map when I played all of um
Breath of the wild too like quite a bit. I played it all the way through
I got almost all the I almost did all the hundred percenty things not quite that
Um, and clearly that like has a very similar vibe, but they completely changed up the gameplay in that
Which I think was the hook and they you know, they added technically two new zones
Even if the bottom one was just a duplicate map
um
I think because this game has like
Essentially the exact same dark souls gameplay
and the areas look
Kind of like marie. They mario makered new areas using assets from the base game
It does it just feels like you know more elven ring
Which is a weird thing for me to complain about because it that's one of my favorite games ever, but
I don't know. I guess I just I guess I'm still kind of hoping
Something more happens
And I think the uh what I consider kind of an aggressively bad leveling system is currently
Making me feel less than like super jazzed about this expansion so far
But you know what I'm gonna play the whole thing anyway, so I should just shut up and do it
Yeah, it's starting to feel like they're I mean that was part of what I liked about um the base game is they had
For as like shitty as the world looks there's that big gold tree in the middle
It kind of like adds a little visual flair to everything
I felt like they were kind of playing with a gray world with splashes of like warmth and color
Uh and the zones all had kind of a different vibe
But so far this everything I'm running into just feels like lane dell and
and the the map of for the
for the lakes like the
Lunaria lakes or whatever
Just kind of feel like I'm running through more lane dell basically
Which is okay. It's just
Again, I I've only seen like
The first three areas of the map
I blocked
Hmm. I made him come back. What's that noise?
It might just be the dragon actually
Oh, all right
I laugh at your fire
I literally jump into it head first
Is that all there is this place?
What is the point? Oh, there's a door over there. Oh, he dodged it
Lightning his ass. Hey, I actually beat him without getting totally wrecked
Yeah, it is very dreary. That's why I'm wearing this beautiful yellow
Lunk rope
Offset the dreariness
I mean, you know, it's meant to be a sort of miserable ruined world
I guess just like I really enjoyed the x oh great. I really enjoyed the exploration of the base game
Which the first time I didn't play at all like I played it in recent streams
I like actually just took my time and and wandered through it. Um
And this game I'm not enjoying it quite as much
Oh god
He's got a name. That's a bad sign for me
Let's fight up here, dude. All right. I'm gonna try blocking occasionally
It
Didn't work out so far
Oh, you know, he's not one-shotting me
So far. Uh-oh
Ah, shit. All right. Well, I think he's the guy's at least beatable
Getting chopped out by Arthur
Yeah, I mean he does look exactly like
various other generic fighters
I'm gonna have to fight him in his little room so I don't attract, um
That other guy that guy
I gotta sneak past this guy
I'm being sneaky. He can't see me
To him. He just sees the stones
Um, let's see. What else could I do to set myself up for this, dude?
Yeah, he did make me suck
As hard as he could
Hit him again
Boom double dipped
This actually did some damage
Oh wow
He really wound that one up
If I just chill out, I think I can actually beat him like, you know, he's an actual character you can fight
I kind of look like the Burger King because I'm in a robe
Yeah, we had a good start
I gotta just actually play like it's a Dark Souls game and not like
Get exceedingly greedy all the time now. I'm doing enough damage that technically
You know, it's not doesn't feel like a total waste every time I poke him
Maybe I should barf on him to start this fight off
classic little barf attack
How'd you like that, dude? You just got barfed on
It's hard to follow up sometimes because I'm like just too far away from him after I dodge
And my rhythm is not that great right now
Like it feels like I should really be able to punish him after I roll through that big
golden attack
Um, but he just is so far away and he immediately recovers
I could do the like more cowardly thing and run away and try to like barf on him
I think I need to sprint past this guy. He doesn't care
Anyway, this is worth doing but I think the fire thing isn't
It would be nice if we learned the secret to infinitely spinning attacks
We haven't found that ash of war yet infinite spin that you recover from instantly
We're gonna try it
We're gonna run away
Oh
Oh god, I hit the wrong button
Like that puts me so far away from him
And just not very good also
I keep thinking I'm on the healing one and I'm just and I'm not
Have a great night'sabreachy
Maybe this will help
I'm not even gonna bother with the other thing
Whatever let's just do this
Good again
Okay
Kind of got caught on some stuff. Okay, so I did I don't need to breath them twice
Looks like maybe just doing it once rots them
Oh, also we'll just say I'm at
10
I give it a 10
I don't even know. I don't know. Maybe I can't beat him
I don't think the issue here though is that I'm too
Weak like this feels like he's doing
A reasonable like he's not one-shotting me
And I'm doing a reasonable amount of damage
He just did he recovers like very quickly
From all of my attacks and from his own attacks
They say this can't punish him for that
Oh
Fuck we keep trying
We we must win
All right, this time dude
I'm using my head. I swear
We're going teleportation mode on you. Oh my god. That's a long combo
Dude getting stuck on shit in this game is so annoying
And I'm out of heals
I have it but
It moves you further and you get caught on everything because rolls will break. Um
Rolls will like break little planks and shit
But the fucking bloodhound step thing
Doesn't
Um, so I find when I use it
Spinachi, thank you for the raid. Hope you had a good one
Hope nor is doing okay. It's just me normal guy case black. Well
Playing uh
Playing hate yourself souls
The darkest of souls the soul that you're like, why am I doing this to myself?
She's a biatch. That's incredible. It's great news
I think
Maybe the trick to beating this guy is I just don't pay close attention to what he's doing. I've been thinking about it too much
Oh, I broke those actually whatever I was complaining about earlier only partially true
Oh my god. He got me
Yeah, I'm I'm um
I think I'm on the whiny side a little bit right now of of kind of
Not entirely enjoying how hard this deal. See us
But we have run around and found several skidoo tree fragments
And I'm testing out their power right now and learning. Uh, I still kind of suck
I think I the secret though is I just need to get good
That's what I've heard
So I'm gonna try to do that against this guy
I've beaten I've beaten two main bosses by the power of cheesing them up with that breath that I just used
Um, but this guy's really kicking my ass
I think I'm also just still getting greedy for attacks. I shouldn't
Am I crawling doubles did that twice? Am I still crawling?
Wow, not summoning or using magic. I don't I would not have beaten either of the bosses I beat
I only beat them because I summoned the second one. I only beat because I summoned my mimic tears and a summon
And that was enough to just
projectile it and get a couple hits in
Brought breath is basically how I'm so far beating this anything
Uh, but this guy's just kicking my ass unforgivingly
I know but every time he smashes up his place skimer, he fixes it up so nicely
I do have to give it up for him that he's uh
That good at tidying
um, also
I think we're probably way more than 13 deaths. So honestly
He should have a carpenter youtube channel
Every time I think I can punish him for doing that move and I I can't I gotta remember that I can't
That one you actually can
What the he turns around if he wants to god
He's still hit me there
Maybe it is Jeb under there. Damn this is
This is brutal
So far almost every boss has a spinning move set. I don't know
I don't know about some of these design choices
Guy feels very similar to the guy with the two circuits that just endlessly spins
He would jump attack at me. Oh, sorry, I meant do an infinite attack at me
Oh my gosh, I think maybe I'd be better off not using bloodhound step. I can't control it very well
It's like for some reason I always go left instead of backwards. It's a triple
Maybe I just bail on this too
It's bail on this guy
I don't really know what I get from beating him
Can I go up there and find out? No, okay
Maybe let the position do all its poison do all its chip damage. Yeah, I could just try to dodge him more
Um
Bloodhound step is at least good for dodging through that
Right when I'm healing. Oh my god. I hate that thing
Are you gonna do now dude? He's very close
We're so close uncle. I gotta stop saying stuff like I'm close
Well, hey, we got we did get close at least
damn
I'm the biggest fan of that
Is getting nervous at the end and then fucking blowing it
Ruin edging ruined it should say that every time I die
Okay, well
At least showed me that I can probably do it
Let's get good
Oh, shit. I just realized I forgot to do this. All right
sometimes I get
I can feel myself just like losing control of my little bloodhound buddies
My steps become
pointless and trapped. All right
You know what? I guess I will do this
Okay, take your fucking. Oh my god. I swear. I hit the button. I swear
I want to go to your house, man. Oh, you can punish me at the start of that move. That's interesting
Ah
Any other elements we can cause bleeding stun. I could throw poison at him. Maybe I should throw some poison at him
Why not? Can you stack poison and rot?
I guess we can find out. I bought a bunch of poison stuff. I'm not using these sleep pots
Those are where gods can duo exclusive
And
Barf on you who dodged way too soon. I take it back. I was just being a little spaz
If I had just been less of a spaz he should not have been that hard take back all my complaints. It was fine
Hey, everybody saw me smoking first try. You think I could have just ran up here and just completely ignored him
The music could just be playing while I'm climbing this ladder
Okay
We did it we made it to
Oh sick. We get this now
There should be a y button
Then you just pick this whole thing up and take it with you
You felt the sole pressure of smash brothers melee fox. Yeah, that's the power of bloodhound step
I found a way to place fox in elden ring
Oh
Skidoo tree
please
Oh
a cookbook
I know those are technically good, but I feel like I never find
Do you have to do something with cookbooks to use them?
Or are they just because if that's a thing then I uh
Have not used any of my cookbooks the entire game. I don't think you do right? Is it a key item?
Every page is a new version of the racks
That would really that would get this guy's energy going
Yeah, I don't think
Where does it show you all your cookbooks?
I don't know whatever
Okay
Yeah, I just I feel like I haven't unlocked that much new crafting stuff
Like I guess it's these livers and stuff
I don't know all these items are probably super good and I'm just not
Using them I'm a jellyfish man
Okay, well I feel accomplished at least I beat that one. Uh, totally optional
Basically human boss. What the heck? How do I get over there?
See a little see a little treasure
Let's see treasure
Yeah, I just have flaming dragon hearts stuffed into my backpack
From the time I slowly hacked away at one big ass dragon until it
died from tail wounds
So if I was up up there
Looking out over what this way is there another little port or no
We're here
From up there. I saw
more fort
And there was a treasure chest, but now I can't
Tell where I was even looking add options now
That's a good question who would be best I guess we can find out
Right now
exclamation point. Oh
Is how you vote
I summon my guy. No, I can't. Sorry. It's how you fill it in exclamation plus a point. Oh exclamation point. Oh plus
The option you'd like. Sorry. There we go
This game is making me dumber
And I need it. You got to shrink this brain down
I'm just
Where the hell did I see that
Rockifier. Oh my god rockifier gorilla is hard not to vote for
Okay, I gotta go back up here. I guess and figure out where I was even looking at. I'm so confused
I gotta fix the uh the thing you guys have to type to vote. It's too confusing
It's just exclamation point v and the number right next to it
Um
But I I'll I'll try to just make it
I'm gonna switch it so that you guys can just vote with exclamation point plus a number
I'll I'll add that to my list of things to do
Because
That clearly doesn't work
Yeah, I have somehow I've made it seem like it's exclamation point v space and then a number but it's it's just one command. Yeah
But don't worry. They all tied
I'll just make I'm gonna switch it so that it's it's the same as all the other voting and rating
I thought that I couldn't overlap commands, but I can anyway. Apologies
I've created a monster
They all one was zero
I'm sure I could it looks like rock a fire would have had it by an easy margin
So we'll say rock a fire one
Rock a fire in the building
All right. I swear to god. I while I was climbing down. I saw it. Yeah, it's over there. Okay. How the fuck
There's a ladder
All right, I get it at last a bin wiki
Let's just make Kevin get Kevin to make an ai to do it
Wait, is the rock a fire gorilla's name fat's geronimo
Because that is not a thing I knew and that's
Pretty great. Oh, what's up with you guys? Hello
the hell
What's all this?
Oh
A little hidden area. Maybe okay
wow fats
geronimo
That's a pretty good name
I approve my boy fats
It maybe I'll grab another member of his band and add him into the uh setup add him into the mix
I don't want to steal fats this shine
Because he's a legend of the game
Okay, this is kind of crazy. So
From up there. I could see
Hey, how do I get over here?
I want to I want to hang out with you
How
Come fight me, bro. Hey, you were fought
You were fought it
We could have blasted that guy, but I decided to just go with the hack and slash method
The spam r1 method munches make believe fans
Wait, really?
I guess I shouldn't be surprised that I'm the not the only person to name something munch
Sorry, I mean munch named himself actually
Oh god
When he was born he said munch and they named him that
They changed their own last name
His parents whoever they were
Munch is the purple guy. Wow
We can have a munch off
We can decide who the better munch is and if munch loses who knows what that'll do to his fragile psyche
Hey, I never I just assumed it was the chuckie cheese band
Formerly the uh, whatever the gorilla guy was was it always chuckie cheese?
Why did I have a gorilla band?
If it's a chuckie cheese, was it always that show biz no show biz is something else or was it show biz
Show biz must be a thing because it's in my brain for some reason. Did we lose munch emotes?
Yeah show biz pizza was also a thing
I'm not crazy
I think my brother
His brain was slightly more formed
When show biz was still a thing
It's okay. Yeah, so you do remember that show biz. Yes. All right. I'm not crazy
I kind of remember going to show biz but I think I might have been like
or
Dude, I wish I knew how to get to that one spot. It's gonna bother my brain. What's up, dude?
I'm not scared of you anymore. I fought a different guy that was scary
See that dude
dude
Listen to your brother
You don't see golden munch. I don't know what that's tied behind. I literally just filled in every
Emote slot I could when I made the animated ones. It might be tied to some kind of bit thing
Um, or it might be like
Sub tier emotes maybe at some point you were like at a higher tier of sub
If I could make them just available honestly, I would but you're limited in the uh amount of emotes you can upload
I might have to switch them out soon because we have a few new
Hosts I feel like every host needs their own emote
Yeah, maybe
Also, thank you for the tremendous amount of bits
All right, I'm gonna abandon running around this one location pretty soon
I just feel like I'm must be missing something obvious. I just want to get up there
Maybe I just have to do some jumping classic elden ring platforming challenge
please
Yeah, our disgrace can pierce conspiracy theorist emote may have to
Take a backseat. Unfortunately
Maybe it is from up here that I get there
No, I broke it
I needed that for platforming
All right. Well, this is too fucking boring. We're just gonna leave
um
I should probably return to my skadoo hunting
Everyone's favorite pastime
Skadooing
Oh, was there a hole when I first sent it. All right. I'll go check. I'll go check
Fort of reprimand. What a name. Oh shit. Everything's gonna be alive again though, but it's right at the start
Oh, but I teleported to the middle of it. I'll teleport outside
I just like loading screens
Revealed spirit ash
Oh jay money. It's fine. I just spent 15 minutes running around this place in circles
Um, no no
We're looking for a hole
We want to play pay the troll toll
You are so correct
The hole played scary music
Jay money, you are on the fucking money
Hey, oh, dude
America's rune
What does that mean? I mean, I know it's just gonna give me a bunch of
80,000 runes. Oh, she doesn't even give you the most runes. Maybe that is the most. I think there's 100,000
Olden remnants of the grace personally bestowed by queen america to the heroes who joined the crusade for
You can see the little America
Arms out
That's America's rune. Oh, I also could have just walked in from the back
Oh, maybe this what's going on. Oh, you're little they're just little friends
Maybe this is how we get up there. I need you to think outside. Oh my god. What if that's a skadooch
It's probably not. I think it'd be blue if it were purple if it was
Hello
I'm on a skadooch hunt
Yeah, I don't know if this is gonna lead where I want it to
That looks like it doesn't
Wait, what's this cage do?
I guess nothing
Damn, how do you get over there?
I guess I could check the outside of the castle for another ladder
Because maybe
Okay around this one more time
I love America
and I love
The lands between
Yeah, I don't think I don't think the outside is the way up there
Well, some secrets are best ignored in the favor of at least seeing a different part of the map
And now I have 80,000 runes whenever I feel like popping off
Okay
Let's mark our map again
Apparently there's one in a hippo
And then there's a bunch all over this area
So I guess we just do that
Boom, we got all those bad boys
Somebody called Kendall there's a pop-off happening
I'm gonna assume I'm still too weak to fight
Captain firehead
Maybe I'm not
Oh god, why did I do that?
Hey guys
Uh-oh
Damn
This attack was too effective for me
You're currently stuck at hippo
Oh no, is the hippo tough?
Because then I will be stuck at hippo
I talked about these people
What was your deal?
Oh, it's Dane
What's up with Dane?
I gotta get Dane to talk
Oh, no, it's foggy now. Yeah noted streamer big dane cook everyone's favorite uh
Instagram
Twitter ripoff thing. Well, I can't even remember the name of Instagram's
Twitter ripoff now instead
Bead
Threads, there we go. Everyone's favorite threads comedian
Oh, is it something where you like knock them over basically?
Does that kind of make sense? Wow, I could really just sneak through that camp just by riding slightly to the left. Okay
Ember of Mesmer
What?
What did I do?
Yeah, definitely pour one out for your favorite great room
Didn't makele just kill himself
Because what because I rode I guess because I rode close to this base or something. That was odd
What's going on over here fellas? Ah
ow
Oh a note
bernice visage
massage
Another one the crosses are part of his body
He took off too many parts
He's going Ronnie mode
And working himself
Well, you got a respected it worked out for Ronnie. Oh, she's the hottest doll on the planet
Up we go. Hello, my nose would mute it
Oh, goodly America
I mean make a lot
Oh gives everyone new lore
I could go back and and lure it up
Oh, I didn't look down for quickly enough to realize that this is also another
ruined castle
Oh
What?
Okay, I can see what you mean by you were stuck on the hippo
Dude, Pepito gained some weight
He's really been eating the cheese
Okay, well
I guess we'll some of them in here some of them in here dude. The fact
Ashley Zabrici is playing this without summons is
brutal oh boy is brutal
um
that takes
Clearly way more patience than I have
I'm done
I don't know if I can summon when I enter this
Hippo is already on my ass a golden hippopotamus
It's just hanging out in this
Castle
That's like 40 stories in the sky
Howl's moving hippo
No, I think there's time if I
Do it right to maybe summon this mimic ash and then sprint to the left
I'm gonna try it one more time. I'm gonna go ahead and not learn my lesson. God this game
Run you fool
Okay, there we go
Jesus it's time to go to the old bread basket
Uh-oh. I thought he was focused on my friend, but nope. He only loves me
Oh shit
I forgot that I had my stupid shield out
I was like I'll bloodhound step away instead. I just jelly fished myself
Dude, my mimic tier is just standing there buffing for like 10 minutes because I have so many buffs available
Maybe I should take a few off that I'm not using. I think I will do that actually
Uh spells we're not using this guy. Oh wait, how do I get rid of a spell?
Can I not just make the slot empty?
Best buffs
It's a reminder it's exclamation point v no space then the number to vote but to make an option
It's just exclamation point. Oh then a space and then the option
I gotta I gotta find a way to make this poll less confusing
I guess it could be exclamation point one
Now I'll think I'll think of this in my own stupid brain. Um
Wow, can I not get rid of spells? I did not realize
or didn't
Switch view
There's gotta be a way to remove the spell, right? It's nuts. I guess there's really not
Okay, well
I guess we'll just give him a different buff and that we're actually we care about for now
Um, yeah shadow bait stuff for me
I need my mimic tier to shadow bait
Big pop a pump is a pretty good buff
Michael buffer bag well. Oh, there's there's technically two. Oh, we know buff bag well as a big pop of pump
I exclamation point v no space then a number one through five will vote for any of these options
Buffy bear. Oh, it could be Buffy the vampire slayer the bear or
A Buffy bear
Let's give us a shot. Oh my god bag well takes it bag well stays the champ
buff bag well
Yeah, it's
It's interesting though because even though technically this is a mechanic that should force you to explore
I feel like what it really encourages you to do is sprint through areas
Like I I don't know are you really you can't really explore in this game without fighting
So if everything you fight kicks your ass while you're exploring
Then what the kind of thing it's telling you to do is basically run past all the encounters until you find this stuff
But the stuff isn't really in an obvious place
It's not like it's under some cool looking landmark that the game naturally drives you towards
It's like tucked away in a corner with some fucking shadow guy holding a pot
Um, so I feel like from both angles
Just progression and exploration. It's a really bad mechanic. I think this is one of the worst dark souls mechanics
They've cooked up in quite a while unfortunately
Thank you for finally doing something
Let's get him sick. What did he do? Look at this new look
The freshest fit. Oh, oh, I should have known
Did I even get him rotted?
Is this health ticking down? It is ticking
Down. Okay. I was like, is it ticking up?
Yeah, it's like the mechanic is explore while dodging which is just a weird
And that's sort of dark souls. There's plenty of times in dark souls. You have to like sprint past stuff
but
It just feels weird when the game is like
Sort of built around doing that
A level beyond super hip o3
This one feels weird too. I I'm assuming I was feeling I was learning to dodge it stuff a little bit
Towards the end there
So it probably is dodgeable
The margins are pretty unforgiving. I have to say I fucking used the wrong
I used an
mp pot
Yeah, they really do and they also recover really fast from their combos. Um
Granted like the the the dragon breath thing is a really slow attack
Like it it shouldn't be too easy to get that attack off, but
It feels like I'm sitting through like a lot of attacks and there's just like never a chance to use it
And the delays in this are also, you know, uh-oh
Wow, that just killed me
Does anyone else know the story of buff's mom shaving his balls?
I did not know that one
I I'm less buff bag. Well is one of those wrestlers. I've really only heard disgust. I I didn't watch
I didn't really watch wcw and it's heyday
Um, I've mostly just seen retrospectives on it. So mostly it is no buff bag. Well is a buff dude in like a hat
But that sounds about right
For wcw that sounds pretty normal
Okay, um, I don't know. I don't even know
I really know what to do about this boss either
Let's see not that
He really lived the gimmick. Yeah, I don't I'm trying to imagine like
I guess if you're really good at the base mechanics of this game
This would just be like an exciting challenge
Because your your whole thing is you're you're probably not going to get hit anyway
If what you love is
No hit runs of elden ring. This would be like a really exciting gameplay experience
I can just I can really see why this shit's getting review bombed because
I don't know. I really love the original game and I just feel like I'm smashing my head against the wall
with almost every encounter
In a way that I even I'm not used to with souls games. So and now I have
I'd say I have like a good amount of these shards
um
Given this the position in the game I'm in
Like I've used I've literally cheated to make sure I get
Everyone that I can up to this point
I guess I could get around this boss and find even more but that's just I don't know that feels so weird
That that's how they would design the game. I think they just want it to be this hard and this is
It's a pretty brutal. It's a pretty brutal setting
Um, it's gotten a bunch of really negative reviews on steam. Uh, all of the like critical reviews are quite positive
So far that I've seen
Okay
Now we're little teleporty boys again
Oh, I didn't I didn't do it
Damn
Well, that was going better at least you think you're supposed to go to the south first. Oh, okay
I'm like one fourth of the level cap
Um
There's already a bunch of mods to make it easier. I'm at least gonna play it and I don't know
I'm just judging it as I go because I can't help it
It's definitely I mean, I shouldn't expect the gameplay experience of the base game. I'm just like
I definitely at least I I hate the leveling system. I hate these kudu tree things. I think that those were a mistake
But maybe once I have all of them or enough of them, I'll just appreciate the the general design more
That was a pretty good attempt though. It has been satisfying when I beat a boss. I actually enjoyed fighting
retrospectively that um the knight in that castle, but that one felt more like I could actually
Kind of control what was going on
Anytime I have to summon like a mimic tear and just like hope it gets the guy's attention. It feels a little like
There's probably a way to beat it without that, but I'm just not good enough. Um, all right, let's see
Here we go. Can't believe I didn't get hit there
I guess when I hit dodge. Oh look, I did damage to him
Don't worry. He didn't flawless victory me my summon did damage to him after I died
After doing whatever the hell it does for the first three minutes of that fight
Yeah, I don't know why my mimic tears like taking so long to uh
Activate what it really is
Mimic tear what you doing buddy?
Okay, that's a situation where it literally feels like spam rolling does more
I'm not oh
Uh-oh the forkers are coming out. Okay
I guess we're going with our sword
No
Yeah
No, I won what you didn't see is that I won actually that's the power of always rotting them
Is you kill them from beyond the grave?
Uh
Yeah, like I so that fight
Obviously, I was cheesing him with a fucking mimic tear. I mean, I'll take it. But I do feel like if he just did
30% less damage
I would I would actually probably enjoy the fight and I bet I can get him to do 30% less damage if I get
10 more of those fucking fragments and I guess that's the thing I'm I'm really not enjoying it's just
How important these fragments are
And I also hate that you just go to a map
Turn them in and it's like you're stronger
I think it takes like the more mundane aspects of this game
Which is like numbers and just makes them incredibly flat where it's literally just like collect the stone
Okay, now you are
Stronger in a way that doesn't make you feel strong. It just makes you feel
Semi up to the job
Okay, can't open it. Anyway, look how many fragments are in here
Yeah, I should just title all of these streams for the next couple of days mixed feelings
What's up?
What'd she do?
I'm on to her mesmer's her kid. I would have never guessed
Sorry guys spoilers spoilers, uh as I actually play the game, but it's still spoilers
There's somebody behind me, I think
Bye-bye
Bye-bye
Yeah, I think my only advice for the dlc would be
It doesn't feel right, but look up where these skidoo tree fragments are
And then just go get a bunch of them
Before you do anything
And you'll probably have a slightly better time
But you know, maybe you just have a higher
Threshold of uh challenge than I do which is not that my threshold is not terribly high
Oh my god. I have so many runes
I guess I should go use these wait festive grease did we get festive grease?
Did I not even notice?
Let's check in on our greases
Fire grease lightning grease rock grease festive grease
Coats our moon granting wielder trace amount of runes landing attacks
What?
I'm gonna use that the next time I see an enemy
We're gonna festive up our sword here
Okay, I'm gonna have to fight all those guys again
But I didn't realize I had 200 000 runes and I feel like I may as well just use them
Not cases brother said tarnished the green eggs and I'm recyplized beneath the skidoo tree
Oh perfect
That'll actually buff my defense to the point where I can stop complaining
Once I get the green eggs and ham
Oh, I'm so close
It's time to it's time to jam some
Runes into ourself. We just need 4 000 runes. This will do it
Rune me
Yeah
Okay
What?
No, so close
I'm delighted and do it
The girl we need though
Is 800 runes
Oh god, we should do something for the thursday debate. I forgot that that's a thing
I mean, I'm supposed to be a news channel
Okay, it's time to put some festive grease on our bloodsword
I can't use it
Is it because it already has a
Already has an attribute. I don't actually get how grease works. I literally never use the grease
Okay, I can't use it on this at all
That's a bummer
Oh, well
I think that guy was just pissed. I don't even think he knew I was there
I'm so sneaky
Yeah, we could do some live commentary. We can do a watch along
A debate panel
What these guys don't even care
I'll show them
Wait a minute. It's just this guy again. I gotta fight him again, but in a weakened state
I got caught on the wall and I was out of mp
Oh, I guess I could do it on thursday the debate. I think I was hoping to do that
So
More fun life updates for me
It seemed recently like we were gonna move
In the next
Week but unsurprisingly now it doesn't
I was kind of planning to
Get the whole debate going once I had my setup at the new place
But I guess I should just do it here probably. I mean, not that it matters
my uh
Physical location given the type of stream I do
But I just thought
You know might line up and I guess it's not going to that's true
Yeah, how did they not hear that I jumped into the air and stabbed their friend to death. All right. I'm I'm done
Sneaking hey, they still didn't hear it
Maybe just run away. I think it was time to do that. Oh my god. Stop teleporting
I do think actually there's a couple things I'll be able to do in my new space
Um, but I can't do as well in this space
I mean one of them is just because Kendall and I both are working out of the same
Living room basically
Uh
I can't always stream when I want to
Which again, I really do want to kind of stream at 12 30, but like if she has a meeting
I just I don't know. I don't really feel like fucking with her job just to
yell Israel
So that'll be like a nice we'll actually have some space to both work on whatever we want to
But also I might be able to you do a bit more with like cameras because I have a bunch of cameras and there's just not
Can't really use my living space
As a full-on studio
But I can use an office is that so I don't know. I'm excited. I'm excited to move
Definitely wanted to move for quite a while now as says Kendall. She's wanted to move for even longer than me
So I hope they can
Get it together
the builder that we have is um
Well that we don't even really have them. It's kind of through Kendall's parents who are great
Um, but the builder they hired is not great at communicating unfortunately, which is the main frustration
It just it's it's never clear what's going on
Or what the holdup is
Or if the holdups are done
Yeah
We should have gotten bob actually greg
If I'd gotten bob I'd be good to go. Oh
Oh a mesmer soldier greaves
No, I don't want to fight you
I want to I want to run away, please
There's no need for this. Hey, I beat him
Okay, I you know they're right those could do things because that that same
Although they could be power-scaled however in any given area that
Enemy was basically one-shotting me before and now that I'm at nine
It's not which makes the fight not miserable. I have to say oh, and it was all pointless
Okay
Now we do the run we give up and we sprint I do still have the old computer
Um, I should honestly probably probably try to sell it for parts
It really doesn't work is the problem
It like turns off half the time you put it on
So I don't think I can give it to someone
But like it has a good graphics card in there
Although I'm a little worried the graphics card is the problem
What the it has a cooler that can't handle the 590X
Uh currently working. Thank you for the sub
Yeah, maybe the 590 is fine then
Yeah, I think I actually set up a um
I experimented with using a laptop to run a second snap camera
And then just feeding that as an output the screen of that laptop into
um
my
gambling
but the
The lay on it was really wild
I think because the laptop is maybe too slow
So I have a better laptop. I have my macbook, but
Because I'm using a pirated essentially
You know custom snap camera
The installation process for the macbook is
I just don't get
I don't get how it works
Shout outs to the guy who oh no
Oh, I'm alive. Are they gonna come down here? I guess I know
Oh, nope there
You can set power limits up in the bios
Maybe I'll try that in the new space
Because I could plug in both in the new space
Also, if I'm just running snap camera it may have less of an issue
I'm starting to think I shouldn't just be running from this guy. How far are you guys going to chase me? This is crazy
Okay
Let's just
Try to reset him here
Where did the aura come from new armor? Yeah, I'm wearing this. I'm wearing the armor of the um
Like apostle guy
Yeah, maybe I'll set power limits. I mean technically I could even buy a new cooler for it, I guess
If that really was the issue. I mean, it's not the worst computer in the world. It's
Only four years old has a decent graphics card. It can definitely run snap camera. I mean it did run it
I also have a splitter for my camera so I can run the same camera into two computers
Um, so it is it is doable to run too. So we're going to try going right
I had the drop on him so hard and I still lost
The old pc and the yellow couch is a package deal and then I can just say hey neither of these really work
but
Together a thousand dollars, please
Anyway with two snap cameras, there are some bits I could do
Then I are also I mean they're all kind of
They're all totally unnecessary. I did want to do a stream one of these days where we do a bachelor
situation basically with kendall
um
where she
Is on a date with like 20 different guys, but I'm all 20 of the different guys just snapchat filters
You know, we don't treat them like they're actually me though
um
Oh god, I didn't backstab them
But to do that one I would need to be a I need to have at least two characters going at the same time
Which I kind of can't do with my current setup
I think that'd be another one that if it works with kendall you could do with other people
The challenge I've had with my stream is I'd really like to start having guests on for like little segments here and there
as people are available
but
Other than just interacting with me in a character, which doesn't feel that exciting it I'm trying to think of like ways to make it
Feel like a more unique experience if you guest on my stream
Um, and I think that could be a way to do that
You could do totally do a milf malnir lily on addition. All right, you fucker get back
No
Oh my god. Yeah
That's a tricky one liven sleazy. That was part of the logic behind me using um
Uh a faceless call in setup to do the drake voice
Grunge face was risky enough. I think I think we could have a little more diversity by having guest cells
I think that would be one way to handle it. I think that'd probably be the only way to handle it
What why did you alert yourself to my presence?
I'm not gonna fight this guy either
I'm just gonna grab his item and run away
The shadow keep
Maybe I'm in like an end game area and I don't even know it
Maybe this is mesmer's home base or something
You know a clip of someone fighting mesmer popped up on my tiktok
And I gotta say that fight looks like I'm just never gonna beat it
Unless you can really like uh up your defense crazily
I thought I was watching like some
It looked like an anime villain trying to fight a dark souls character. He's just like teleporting around the screen
Oh, it was a golden vow. Okay. I was like, did I grab it?
Mesmer only took you three tries. That's good
Maybe he's not that bad. Maybe he just looks really flashy. I don't know
It is interesting here that this uh expansion
Seems to also be somewhat what the fuck built around uh
radon
I'll be curious if millennia doesn't factor into it at all
Does it really seem like they're trying to tie those micola and millennia together in the base game?
I mean they literally always mention them
In the same sentence in a lot of cases. I feel like so it will feel a little weird if it's like
I am micola
Who's all about radon now?
This feels a little random
This is the highest rated expansion in metacritic history. I guess it didn't get review bombed after all
I thought it was sitting. Oh, I think it's steam that it was getting bombed on
What the frick you little guys
They got me
I'll admit it. They got me
millennia is his sister
You think they're secret boyfriends?
That's exciting
um
I'll go back and talk to everyone
I need to grab all these
I guess I'll you know, I'll just go talk to people
Take a little break for me dying to the same area 10 times. So speaking of which
It's just fun to hit those in rapid succession
What's up, did you hear about the about the rune breaking? Hey
Yeah
I feel it man
To bask in tender micula's presence is I should have thought of this earlier
Right
Those of us who don't deserve to be
Oh, I can tell people to for her to kill
Should I tell her to kill someone?
Is that naughty
Follow your okay. It's true
His devotion to st. Trina is plain to see I fear his vows to micula the kind are me
Are different people
Yollia is incapable of betrayal st. Trina's love for chymicular is boundless
She is after all his other half
Or perhaps her feelings go beyond even that
Even if she was left behind
I doubt her heart would waver
That was the more explicit lore than you usually get out of this game
Those of us
Okay
I jump away
I turn away from the mic to cough
What's up, man? You got anything to say? I know your name now
No
All right
I guess be like that
What's up with you?
It does sound like killer instinct. You're right
It sounds like when you attack in killer instinct on this
Oh, I wonder if this guardian has anything new to say
How do I get to that guardian?
Hello
Don't mind me. Just trying to remember how this area works
And I'm succeeding
To cross a bridge, maybe
Up here's where the birds are, right?
Oh, no, this isn't the bird area need to summon glaucus to assist me. Well, I'm not in this area, though
Right. I'm just I'm just trying to run to that finger chrome
But I do not remember where it is at all
Which is unfortunate
Hey, everybody. It's me. I'm back
Remember how we're pals. We all love the pistry
All right, it's not over here. That's pretty clear
No, it doesn't provide any defense on my back. I don't I don't think I could
How do I get to finger friend?
How do I finger my friend?
Over here
This little market on the map. We sit in another direction. He's over there
What's up, dude? Oh, you know, she's right over here
Hey, am I stronger? Let's test it against this guy
Yeah, I am that didn't hurt me as much
Well, I am stronger, but I'm just as bad at knowing what that guy's attacks are
Be afraid to spit like this
Put on the dancing lying head that sounds fun
I will absolutely do that. Okay. At least now we know we just have to go this way
You doing all right? Miss? Excuse me?
Oh such a joy to smell this scent again
Does a sculptor keep her standing for me? Yeah, look at me
As I felt the sacred beast's essence fade
I will end my anxiety welled up within
Forgive this old woman her foolish fears
To such a relief
I cannot express
An eternity of the mind
Our voices have at last reached the heavens
As if it's by the gracious arrival
Oh
That's all you got for me
My son a company to war and dance
I dance of beauty's color
Take vengeance upon this day who betrayed us
I they let them face in my wrath
They're just desserts
My song will I sing
In service to thee
Oh a watchful spirit that's exciting
What's that do that an incantation?
She's just saying some crazy shit right now by dancing. It's the antsy foot loose
An entreaty. I guess hold on Ronnie. Oh, it's Lee went on this actually
See how Ronnie's doing today, but that was a train
Yeah, I got rid of that train and entreaty received from the imperian grandum
Some in a guardian spirit above the caster's head the spirit never strays five from the caster
Conjuring several aspiration apparitions before dissipating take vengeance upon mesmerism not they who betrayed us
They who burned us let them face thy wrath and they're just deserts
That was hot
From higher sphere delivered
What if I take this shit off right in front of her?
Let's find out what happens then
Because I'm a vindictive bastard
Nope, she's convinced I'm that thing now
Okay, well that's fun. I could just grab the mask right here
You never know what a train will appear
Sorry about that. I'll try to warn you the next time there's a train
Oh, she really has a lot to say now
Thanks for the tip on that
I'm showing her the beast face
What do you have to say man?
Next my aging faculties has been lifted and folly is better left forgotten haunt me once again
Once in an attempt to free lord moe from his enchantment. I challenged tender michela
Only to have my own heart rather artfully stolen. I knew not how weak I was
I believe that with sufficient mastery even an imperian would be within reach of my blade
I could not have been more mistaken
Michaela the kind
Is a monster
Pure and radiant
He wields love to strive clean the hearts of men. There is nothing more terrifying
I'm cancel moe. I think I canceled him permanently
Michaela the kind makes my blood run cold. I am
Loath to admit it
But even at this very instant. I wish to run very far away indeed
Not me dude. I'm really tough
About you any new thoughts? I don't feel it
It's broken. Uh-oh. Is he can he talk now color's light is gone
but
I stand tall
We work together
for mick kind of artists kneeling is it more so I don't know what to do
Our mother abandoned. She did not love us. We are must we be?
This should be the only option this game gives you
When you talk to every character you just walk up to everyone. It gives you this dialogue option remain sad forever
Maybe that I mean the healthier thing to say would be I don't know
I don't like literally don't know anything about you other than that. You're dumb and you collect things
Put it behind you. That doesn't sound good. I'm gonna tell him to do it. Anyway, put it behind you man
Maybe
That's kind love
for love
Give this to see you asked me to find I finally
Look at some black syrup
Yes, the unloved can vanish. How
Anything else you enjoy I like I like you
We like each other
Goodbye give that to thought is this this thriller righteous tarnish. I am
no, no that's um
War or sir and back. That's red main fray. We already talked to her. I think
Yeah, there's thulier
Let me chug the syrup right in front of you. We spread it over some black pancakes
And then he's just so jealous that he kills himself right in front of us. It's my poison friend
Oh
Um, are you not affected? I'm feeling rubber lost
horn of st. Trina
Visage her son would kindly michella jason me
for falling for st. Trina
While knowing that she was the discarded half
The problem is
I simply cannot help it
Everything just a gaze upon her one last time go to the third tab and turn on the recent item page. Oh, okay
Here have this black syrup in the meantime though. Was that I have to say some more has an awful
It's wonderful
This epony as lustrous as the night sky unending. I don't think I could ever thank him enough
I'll have to think of something
What are you gonna poison him with it? Oh, I forgive you to deserve your share if I'll mix up something if you find yourself
Weary of the weight of this life sleep is a balm
and a turn
Should I tell him I'm weary of life
Yeah
This concoction concocts evenly over you
for all it okay
I'm feeling rather lost as st. Trina
All right, man. You're kind of creepy
You're right about you. You're kind of a creep
Have I talked to needle knight
Lita
You see the first one I talked to I think I hit up everybody or did I not hit up?
I have to drink that six times in certain areas
What?
Respect I guess
Oh, I was going to go to the systems
the third tab
Yeah mark new items
And turn yeah, great who both those things
Oh, they're good
Tell her that I'm striking out. Don't worry the guidance. It's only
Micaela of the vow he once made with general redan and
It is here at the vow shall be honored. Where's here? I am a red mane
I must know the nature of the vow
What is it I'll be out on my own there's something
There is no need for can will be true to my word though
I do feel a hint lady ledder
Honorable ands back and warriors like you were all of us how glorious it would have been
Had we met in battle as sworn enemies. Oh, that would have been good
I'll be out on there's something
Okay, that's all you got. That's all you got for me
I think that's everything
Yeah
We chatted everybody up
We love to chat
I chatted you up already
Will it last be from divin and surely I'm not even talking to you face to face dude. I'm behind you
Get how threateningly I'm standing behind this guy, but first
Clear resounds the call of vengeance the impaler
mess in vengeance for the flames
How could I allow myself to revenge alone assures me?
Think not less to you
Think not less to you. Okay. I'm done thinking. Don't worry
What's up, right?
Those are buzz who don't deserve
Let's go kill the poison kid. He's kind of weird
Okay
back to the shadow keep
Or
I could keep going south
We got no phone numbers
zero digits
Our game was weak. Ah, whatever shadow keep it is
Maybe I gave him the twin syrup because I want to kill him
One nine hundred four nine oh freak
You can call freddy freaker
One four one nine hundred four nine. Oh freak. I hate you all
I hate all you mesmer guys
I'll have my revenge someday. I just need more stones first
You're lucky. I don't have that many stones. I only have half the stones
Okay, this is nice. I'm not being chased by everyone. I can handle these guys, right?
Surely I can at least handle these guys. I killed your friends
You got nothing to say? All right
I really do. I'm always missing a couple stones in this game. Just when you think you have all the stones
You need way more stones
All right, what do you have to say?
Oh fuck. This is the start again
Okay, well we learned a valuable lesson which is I don't need to go that way
Oh
Such reach
Is that a ladder?
Oh, it's not
Look at all these flaming boats
One nine hundred four nine. Oh freak
La da fruit
La da da
Silver pickered foul pickled foul fruit
I'm not even stressed about you guys. I'm just going for my daily run
So take that
Check this out. I'm gonna oh never mind. I'm not
I know better
I know that you're probably awesome
And I'll never find out
Bye bye
Ow
Only I use elevators you fool
That did look a little open. I guess you were blocked for that
Relax auto mod in context very fine. Um, yes, that did look like a clan wizard
The specimen storehouse. Oh no
Uh-oh, that's a museum of weird deer monsters. That's exciting. Oh, there was a
Skidoo fragment out there. I think I got it. Maybe though. Is there more skidoo in here?
Who's there?
Just a sad rotting wizard
Jumping required. Oh, what?
What's up with this room?
Hello? Skidoo?
Old Drake talisman. Okay
One nine hundred four nine. Oh freak
I guess maybe that talisman. Oh, I should check my talismans. I think I picked up some
You know
It enhances attacks after maintaining the same stance for a while. Okay, I need that
I should probably use these the next time I'm fighting that kind of boss
I do still like the idea of a call-out show for sure
This spar is for giants. I can actually stand on the furniture in here
Oh, never mind
Oh, it is a door. Yeah, actually this is uh, they're storing phone books right there
These are all phone books. Hello wizard. Goodbye. No, you noticed me
Ah, how could you stop mesmering me?
You're all dead now. These guys are studying the phone book
Runart. I've yet to use any of those. I probably should
Is that the exit? How did I make it all the way to the exit?
I think I probably missed stuff at the entrance
Olga malicious
Gosh, there's so many of these guys to kill in here
You know, that's the one other than Dark Souls 2 that I haven't played is Sakura
Probably should have heard it's good. I just didn't have a ps
Um or at the time it came out and I also didn't have a decent computer
Also, you know, I'm not even sure it's on a computer
Oh, no
I freaking thought you were a bad guy
Shit
Is there any way to undo that? Isn't there something you can use to undo that?
Like a tear or something?
There's so many gray dudes in here. Celestial do
How do I use it on him?
I think I might have one just like a
Oh
At the turtle. All right, let's go to the turtle for a sec
We'll go to the turtle. We'll pass a little time
Little turtle time
I just was trying to wake him up because he was reading that book like a nerd
Like dude got on my level um past time
I don't know until morning
Is that enough time? I don't know
Turtle man. I made a mistake
Uh, is this the right turtle to experience the miracle
Neil in the basin. I'm solution will be yours
In the basin
Oh right here
Absolve me. Oh, baby. I wonder if he's gone though because I
Assaulted him
I hope he's I hope he's still there
Oh god, I I'm not gonna bother killing as usual. I'm just gonna
Switch to run through this area mode
Whoa
Oh my god
Did not even me to do that
resolve Mandy
I've widened my absolution lens to include bearded dudes
The guy has no chill. Oh neither do you
All right
I'll get in shredded. It's fine
Oh, no
A tough enemy nowhere
I'm going a different way than I was last time
Very bold of all these people to use fire attacks in this library
Ah, here's where I died
You found me. How this place is so compute. Oh, they're bored. Okay sick
Killing that little guy did look like a crime. Hey, man. Remember all that stuff I did. Let's just forget about it
It's been some time. It's trying to travel across the world
My soul to you. I had hoped to make a fresh start, but there was one thought I could not dislodge from my mind
So
Here I am
Quite unable to move on
After Lord Moog slaying at his dynastic palace
Who did that?
It appears his body has been
Absconded with
And taken straight to kind Micola
Oh
Surely you recall that I once served Lord Moog as a pureblood knight
After failing him in every regard
And losing sight of my vows
All right, you'd be a little hard on yourself
What could they possibly have in mind for the implications are
Unloving
Anything else? What could they be implicated? All right
Well, it was all worth it to continuous quest line
What am I supposed to do in this place?
Look at that little guy just running around in there
Wait, it says that there's a
A skadooch in here
Hey, man, do you know where this skadooch is? It's behind it. It's behind here somehow
Where's this hidden skadooch? I've been lied to if there's no skadooch. Is that the are you a skadooch?
No, he didn't put up much of a fight. Okay
This thing
Oh god, this little guy's gonna kill me. All right. I guess I have to fight you
Oh, what a surprise a long spinning attack
I should have
Just almost seen that coming. Oh you again. It's his revenge. Don't care about him
Oh, I don't care about you either. Oh my god
Here's my bold new strategy. I also don't care about the horrible guy over here
Yeah, just chase me guys. Whatever
Oh crazy, see if I care
Oh, he's stuck
Oh, he's not
fucking blur
I think I'm gonna hit one more like
What feels like a stopping point and then probably call it
Before I get fully
toxified
with complaining
Honestly, that was fair though. I'm just running around here like an idiot. Oh, that's the entrance. Okay
Yeah, if I only play this on stream given my current rate of progression, we could be playing this for a couple weeks
And I think I will only play it on stream
Ooh, what's over here another of these guys great
Wow, he got me
He got me again
He got me again
Why are they shooting so many?
Okay
Look at this block block. It is a door. He's right
Sneak up on this one
Maybe this no
Jumped
The mistake I made was um, trying to fight him
Yeah, honestly, I should have been able to beat him, but
When you have to do every fight perfectly or you die
It sort of makes it feel like it's not worth doing any of the fights
So I'm just gonna
I'll just run past him
This is every every like um imposing enemy in this game has
Like a five part combo
So that's this is you gotta just gotta be good at those which I'm not
Sneak up on them though. I can't
All right, man. Fine. I get it. You're incredible
And I'm trash
You know what I can do teleport away
Oh boy
This area is a little dangerous
Where am I supposed to go on these feet?
Yep
Of course
I'm just hanging out on this guy's
Hornmark shoulder pile shoulders. Oh look there's other secrets. All right. Let's get the grace first
Skadood
Oh, baby. That's some skadoo
Oh storehouse cross message. Yes
My arm dextral
She got rid of her dextral arm. That was one of her best arms
Sorry, he
Well, yeah, because it's not say Trina. I don't know whatever
Check out. What the?
Who are you? Oh a little bat
Oh, I could beat a bat
At least still strong enough to kill
The bats
Should just say game over and then just reload me back a level one
This game isn't even that hard because it what the fuck
I could then jump on the jump on the rallying and then jump on there
I love I love platforming. I love platform
Oh, look, I'm not the only one to suffer this fate. Okay
We did it time for more of this effortless platforming
Or maybe not maybe you're not supposed to just looks like I am
Okay, or maybe you are supposed to
Oh boy, this looks miserable
Hard restarts would be but that would that would break break people from wanting to play these games
That'd be too much. I think
Yeah, nope
He's skidded before he died
I think uh
There's probably secrets involved with scaling this thing, right? But is it
Is it worth it? What if I have to cut this statue off?
That a thing if only my skadooch level was higher. I could platform this easily
Oh, maybe it's way simpler and you just don't pop the side here
That would make sense
Oh, can you not really
Nope, you can't stand on that
Kind of looked like you could but you could not
Who says it's a statue? Oh, yeah, good point
Maybe I can just wake it up. Hey, can you lift me over there?
I guess it is a specimen a cool specimen
Hmm, we'll return to skadooch here later
Let's just see if there's a boss up here and then I think I will probably call it for the day
Oh, I don't have enough to skadooch up
Oh, I'm at 10 though. I'm half I'm half skadooched. Oh, that would have been sick
If Dark Souls one style that that was the
method of transport through this area
Hey
Oh, I made the same mistake again
Try jumping
Do they mean it though?
Yeah, I got tricked
I figured it was death, but I was curious
Because it kind of looked like there was a little ledge
There wasn't I rate that note a 10 10 out of 10
It's the most classic of notes. Oh great one of these guys
Yeah, good luck hitting me behind this boat
Who maybe he wants to have a science off
Yeah, he immediately won
Why is this science so much faster than my science?
Oh
He won the science off. He's the better skiantist. All right. All right. All right. I'm just curious. It's at the top of this tower
Jesus man freaking spamming projectiles over here
It's supposed to be my thing still alive. Oh bats
All right, whatever guys two
What the fuck still out there zero heels left. So
So close. Look at this guy. It's going on
Mm-hmm. Let the sky ends fall
Aha
No
I thought I saw the secret path forward
I was testing gravity
I used some gravity magic
I think you could maybe jump that if I sprinted it. I'm gonna try I'm gonna try
I think it just puts me where I just was
Which is kind of where I want to be
Dude, I love that
I love how many projectiles he has. I think that's great
A holy pickled liver
A shadoo rune
Oh, maybe that's just a weird way of saying shadow
Skadoo
In a culture where they don't have h
Oh boy so many bats
Oh good
Remember me
Come here pal
Based on running around up there. I don't know where to go and I think we'll figure it out next time we play
I think I uh, I think I've hit the limit of printing
Honestly, I should be probably like, you know, more so actually playing instead of just running to my death around this map
Sir Anzbuck
All right, nice
We're gonna say we that was a success. We did get further into the game for sure. We beat a giant hippo
we beat
On magic knight
What more could we possibly ask for?
Out of an elden ring session
Now it's time to type in elden ring trap beat and find someone to raid
Boom
Ah, my youtube immediately recommends me videos on doctor disrespect
What I saw was streaming elden ring today
And I'm apparently not talking about anything else
Which is I guess is not too surprising
Apparently his career is over, but it did look like he had about 30,000 people watching him
Just not mention it
Epic elden ring type beat tarnished
Sif
Me
That's us
Describing me to a T
Who me
Damn
Let's raid
Let's raid bricky peacock
I'm rated ricky in a minute
He's also playing elden ring
Bricky probably will complain a lot less than me and be better than me. That would be my guess
If I had to guess how the game's going for him better and less whiny
Sick
We freaking did it
She was riding the struggle bus too fantastic
Well, thanks for checking out. We'll we'll go we'll return. I'll have a fresh new attitude next time
You're a whiny little baby
You're pathetic
Get on my fucking level get on the moon level
Oh, what you're beating the game. I beat the game. No hits first try
I've already
Beat mesmer. What I did mesmer solo. No hits first try. That's crazy. I didn't pick up a single skidoo
All moon run
purely moon power that doesn't sound realistic it happened
By the power of the moon
Let's go
Say hi to ricky for me. It's a moon raid
Roddy on the track
Roddy on the moon in fact
Yes, good night, everyone. It's always night on the moon. Is that even true? Yeah
Bye-bye. Have fun with ricky
Peacocking
Stunlocking and never stopping
Just like me and just like the moon
Bye-bye
Brave tarnished
Also disgusting tarnished. We'll see you soon. Bye. Bye