Okay, hello everyone. Let me see how to get in here join game and truthfully you're right
There's nothing I kid that that's on me. That's on me. That is
Everyone introductions
Case to CBB this flowers
Yeah, what's up guys
Hello everybody
Hello to my channels
I'm in the game. I've set everything up. I'm the only white guy in the room
This is my one chance to be unique chat also check this out. I got a teleprompter
It's gonna be more useful for other streams, but right now I have chat straight on the teleprompter
They all have abandoned you says for a fight, but I'm staring at you sporophyte. I
Don't know if this is too much. It might be too weird to have me staring right at you when I talk to you
The way you got taken by that that fucking what's it called a mask? No
It was scripted this amazing new technology. I'm in the future
Yeah, I'm going rogue immediately
every team
Hello, hello
That's up here. Oh, it's a key up there. That was really not necessary, but I probably could have dropped it off
The talk of the trail already
Right
We need a flashlight
This game requires
Better or worse than your luck I believe in the power of flashlights
I believe the flashlights are the future
Just by two and then immediately die do a bug
So what's the story with this game? You are collecting
collecting scrap for a faceless corporation. That's most likely a giant tentacle monster
Start the ship
This you seem to be collecting metal for a monster that eats metal just to keep it at bay for the rest of society
And they seemingly wiped your memory of why you're doing that
So you think you're just working some normal job, but
It could be 100 you're not hello you want a flashlight is what to I got a couple of them coming with some stuff
Exactly like sometimes I like to think about it. Oh
Little flashlights
There's two
Going in
Going in to lose this flashlight immediately
Probably also is the real monster secretly the real story is avoid
She does want to kill us all yeah, there's one of those neck breaking guys around
Ha, I'm gonna count. This is being useful enough. What the fuck was that?
Holiday bloodless. Yeah, exactly
Like like the lip like the fucking back room shit. Yeah. Yeah
All right, let's take a second to my chat real quick
Was asking us what we like about this game because he hates it
Hey, there's some people well, I'm sure if we just leave we clear it out. All right. All right
So good seeing you what's the command to see how much stuff is left
Um scan las is here did Dallas is here there's seven objects
There's only three
I
Didn't destroy the present someone opened it
As the present should be open we can convince
Don't know
Oh
No, we need your name to be visible. That's the whole point
Did you guys change your names wait, I think it's just just if we were to add
My steam profile is set to like no info
Flowers
Do not do be just
I did not
The bees were doing me. Yeah, I'll do it later after we get back
What these are even attack I
Guess I jumped onto a business
You had to go into the fires it underneath. Oh, we can do that. I'm down. Let's do it
I think I think everyone is better than
We're going rogue instantly rogue
I barely
They were always better
I
Could just be I could do I could do this shit
Well, the vet is open. That means there's a head bug around here. Where's our friend?
Careful, there's a head bug around here
Really? Yeah, the vet is open. That means they're crawling around
They're usually on the ceiling
Yeah, can you spot them early on? Yeah
Man, I don't even know what you guys are talking about
Probably
Wait, what are we
If I get head bugged somebody just take my flashlight, please
Yeah, we'll see about that
Yeah
Do you cover yourself in honey regularly?
Think about that for a few minutes
As soon as I run it down, I'll set my steam profile
Wait, but where am I supposed to use this key at? There's more stuff this way. We can keep it for another level
Oh, okay. It works on any lock door. I mean he works on it. Oh, okay
They don't have to stay contained in the level they found it. Yeah, you can also just put it in the cabinet on the ship
Okay, I've played this game a couple of times, but I really only know like the very basics of it. All right
This is actually a dead end as well
The advanced meta sneaks up any quick. Okay, I guess there's nothing else over here. Yeah, that's it
Don't fall down through the middle here
The void is calling
Yeah, sometimes there's shit to the right, but maybe not here
Would you find
Everyone is behind this door. Oh
What is a bracket
You can only kill one of us well he won't kill us if I got a stop sign
Yeah, oh
So you're not supposed to look at you can't look at him for more than four seconds or I'll kill you but you also can't not look at him
And if you look at him for a second, it's it's like he'll like go away
Okay, so you can't totally ignore it, but you can't stare at yes exactly. Yeah, okay
Also, though, if you look at him through a wall and get unlucky he'll just break your neck. Oh
Yeah, just do the bugs
Oh
All right, well, it's not this way. Let's get the fuck out of you right there
Okay, I only got a little hurt there. Oh great. There's the exit. Okay. I wasn't feeling the fear. Okay, let's wait for everybody
So there's really none of my lights are on in here
I think texts
Getting texts from the human world
Whoo
All right, is there anything else in there?
Here, can you take this? Yeah, did everybody die? No, go go go go. Just go
He's probably okay screams for fun. Yeah, you're right. Everybody loves a good scream
They're probably dead
It is also five. So there's probably a giant out
Yeah, we need to go
So they needed to go past the goo and the bracken to get out. So I think they're probably dead
Yeah, I just jump straight into the goo like an idiot. Yeah, I got over it. That's the only way I got down
Maybe with the bracken. Oh
Okay
Good to see you MSG. I'm doing just fine
Okay, I think oh, okay. Chris is up. Chris is almost there. Chris is almost just fall
Oh, no, Chris fell he fell looking at the exit
I'm gonna get us whole two walkie talkies. How much are this?
Okay, everyone is dead
Besides flowers
Yeah, they needed to run past the bracken and the ooze and then you get to where you can see the door
But if you just run straight, there's a jump. Yeah, go around which it looks like that's what flowers is doing
Chris fell through the jump. Unfortunately
The bracken's hanging out with them
Shit flowers
Uh-oh, he's lost
I'm closing the door just because it's nighttime and the the monsters are coming soon
Could he die? I don't see anything around us immediately. Yeah, chris fell. No, no flowers is gonna make it out
He's gonna make it out. Yeah, if he just goes out the front. Oh, oh no, wrong way. It's right there. It's right there. Turn it around. Turn it around. Turn it around.
No
No
Oh my god, he turned the wrong way. He went because he was right there. Oh, no
We're still really good on it was so close to the exit. Yeah, we got plenty of shit. Oh my god
That was hilarious. So I made I came back after my run with a full inventory and then I saw all of you guys
We're sticking together chris and Fiona were separate
And then you all met up together and then razz got picked off and everyone's beginning picked off one by one
Dude, that was that was
That was where we guys
Flowers are so close
I knew that I was there. I also knew that there was a way I could path around it, but I I was too lost
Okay, fyi if you're too heavy, you can't make the jump
Hey, Fiona, what if you don't
Don't
Dull out my subs
Yes, but if I ignore my subs
Yeah
All right, I'm not like you. Okay. I don't ignore people. Okay
We're all you want her to ignore our community avalanche. Yes. I like to ignore your community specific avalanche
Just wants me to fail
Hold up
Yo
Yeah, sorry, I was trying to change my settings so it wouldn't say I'm young for me anymore
Oh, it is advanced darkness unless my thing didn't load. Oh, it's dark. Oh, uh, there's something up here
Cool
I'm just gonna drop this out for him
I made the jump. I found bottles here. I'm coming back with a bottle
Boy a bracken room. I found the fire exit
I'm gonna try to find some stuff, you know help around
I'm ignoring my subscribers as they oh no
That's what she gets
That's what she gets
That's why you've got to engage with the community and you're right
Teal sharpshooter the
Glob is just leftover loot and because I didn't ignore you while live. I see that's how it works
Avali's chat does love a good domination. I hope they can hear me right now because they know it's true
Meanwhile, I let my chat dominate me. Oh, I thought that was monster. There's nothing in here
But sweet sweet, okay a little bit disappointing over there
They're
Yeah, I've only unfortunately died with some goodies
This is back to the entrance, right?
Yeah, we we found the fire exit before already
empty
Damn, yeah, I'm a bit lost. This place is a barren wasteland
Anything nothing that I could find yet. I think the bracken is back here. So be careful
Yeah, that would make sense. Is there always one of him on every map? No
He's just been hanging out with us today
Yeah
There we are seven creatures on other maps
Oh, that's that annoying thing
Uh, what does the mouth thing do? It doesn't actually attack, but it can spray out gas. I think
Yeah, and you don't want to corner it then it affects if you corner it. Yeah. Oh, it like feels
Pressured. Yeah. Yeah
Where he is
Yeah, he bolted
Damn. Oh, there's a bracken. Bracken. Bracken
Oh, got it. Stay together. Stay together. Stay together. Everybody's still alive. This way. Stay together. Stay together
Where's case with that flashlight? Stay together. Right here
We just got to kind of swivel around so it doesn't sneak up and break our necks
Yeah
Okay, thank god
All right, back at the start
Yeah
You can always find the emergency exit, but oh, it's right here. It's right here. Nice
Maybe we should just go bee hunting
Yeah, let's bail everyone out
How are you supposed to do the bee thing because every time you go near the bees you just die somebody
So you need okay, so there's a hive here
Um, what we need to do is get one person to lure the bees away like basically draw aggro
And then another person gathers the hive, but you gotta go in the opposite
Oh
You gotta go in the opposite direction of the ship when you draw the bees aggro
I'll go
I mean we're far enough away that if we lose the bees we're fine, but we just need to find the ship first
Oh, yeah, okay. I think the ship is usually this way
I think it's uh
I think it's this way, but i'm not sure
Okay, maybe that
Seems like nothing
Yeah, you don't want to be lost with bees chasing you
That would be funny
Well, it's it's pretty short
But it's a short good laugh
The bees
Oh, we're back at how'd we get back here? Did we go in a full circle? We went in a full circle. Surely not
It's the bee right here. Oh yo found a log. Goodbye
Maybe it's this way
Wait, man, we're in the forest. Is that big dude gonna come beat our asses? Yeah, I'm like pretty soon. We better hurry
I'm sorry
I feel like it's around across one of these ridges
So we came out that way. Maybe it's more to the right
Yeah, maybe if we just fall if we just fall over the bridge
Uh-oh, uh-oh quicksand careful quicksand quicksand quicksand
Yeah, we're good. We're getting quicksand quicksand quicksand
Careful. All right
Okay, we're good. We're good. Oh, here's the ship. Wait, never mind. It's not I got excited
I'm just kidding
It's feminine. We're lost. Where the hell are we gentlemen? We are fucking lost. Shit
Cochre forest
This could be it
Ship
Anyone ship
Can I get up here? Hello ship. We're going back in that circle
To the left is back to the fire escape
Yeah, the fire escape is back this way. Okay. We got him. We got him
The fire escape is back there. If we go left, I think we're just gonna hit the fire escape again
Unless I thought we should go right if we if we go back into the fire escape the actual entrance is really close to it
That's true
Is it? Yeah, I was pretty close
Yeah, we can just pass back through the building
All right, if we go around in a circle again, then we can get back inside. Oh, it's almost 6 p.m
Yeah, we're running out of time. There's a problem. Yeah, that giant's gonna be out
What's more scary the giant or are you going back inside a ship?
The giant
Oh, shit. What is that?
Nice
Oh, he must be dead
Fiona's dead, too. Did they die right now?
Ovely just fell. Wow, there are 20 objects outside the ship. They fell together
We got plenty of shit. We didn't get anything now. That's not good. Now we didn't we got a key
That's it. But we didn't die and we needed to turn in so that's the most important thing. Yeah
They probably died of the Bracken or something, right? Ovely just jumped off of edge. Sorry to do it
I think they fell together
Okay
Okay, I explained themselves
All right, we did it. Yay
You guys jumped and died
Okay, you didn't see it. Okay, so you didn't see it. It fell right next to you
Like like, I mean you were there and then I fell right next to you. Oh, man. Everybody was falling right next to me
Yeah, right next to you. All right
Yeah, I I walked into the building
And I made three right turns and I literally died of the Bracken
That is actually so insane that you died that fast. I would have preferred to fall, dude
That was yeah, well, that's what your course got dragged into a brown room
All right, there we go
No, we should we should turn in everything the money
We'll get walkie-talkies
We'll get walkie-talkies because those are uh
Wait, I stored the difference
Yeah, I'm gonna need a flashlight coming up here the uh the darkness is starting to do
Hear me out flashlights are for posties. Oh never thought of it that way. Are we selling everything? Yeah, we did
Okay
I didn't get anything
I
Didn't help
We're rich paycheck nice. Holy shit. We dunked it
I am because I don't want them to hear me calling out subs. It would be so hear me out push to talk
What?
But I don't have push to talk
You do you can turn it on in this game inside the game, but but then but then you guys won't hear me yell
Oh, no, you push to talk very well
But that will require me to do two things at the same time
I know it's so hard
That's but at the same time everyone else benefits. This is an advanced game
All right, I sold the last batch of items. All right, did they did the money come in?
Oh, yeah, I just noticed you have a that's a pretty cool hat
Huh?
Your hat it's a cool. Oh, thank you. Thank you
A dear friend got me this light up hat that says oh dear on it
Less cool now with the pun, but still cool
Okay, here. I'm getting I'm ordering four flashlights
Oh, cool. Uh, I'll get us three walkies
All right, I'm gonna go get another beer beer right back
Another that's not in the game. That's not in the game actually they should put it in the game
And then what it is cool
Let's see what's the best
Oh, we got a teleporter already putting on yeah, let's go we we were just like 20 short of being able to get the um
What's it called?
rend
Maybe that works
And we take off right now testing. All right. How does this teleporter work?
So this is this is how the teleporter works. So come here. I'll teach
So you select someone so this is razz, right? And then you there's this button right here and you press the beam up
Wait, it can save someone anywhere. Yeah, but you lose your item
But you can't carry items with you. So all
So pretty much all it is is like you're stopping them from the death penalty of money
Or yes, or what you can do is you can uh get their bodies back if they're already dead
Wait, you can port dead bodies
You can port dead bodies
Do you guys hear me now? Yes
Hello, I hear you or if you're genie you can suck a monster into the ship
Yeah
Can you guys do you guys see me as unknown still or am I you're feeling good?
Me too. This guy. All right. Hey for anyone to take a walkie. Make sure to turn it on
So many times. I'm on walkie
All right, so Ian and Chris Chris do you want to be termed again? Yeah, I'm gonna walkie in the
Uh case here. What is an overtime bonus? You can actually kill the bracken by the way if you stonish and it was shoveled
Yeah, oh
I mean, we're working constantly. Why are we always on overtime? All right, I got a wife
There's an extra flashlight and also a walkie talkie. We should just save one of the walkies
Okay, should I not use this flashlight?
All right, let's go
Hazard level b. Is that more dangerous?
That's like not that slightly more
I think s is very dangerous. A is pretty dangerous
I've never gotten past the second quota on this game, so I don't actually know what the end games
We easily will and it gets way harder way faster. It's great
Cool, it's beautiful. So we landed on an eclipsed planet where all the night creatures are out during the day
Oh, yeah, I that happened when I talk
When we play the taco and shelby
Both of the fire exits are in the same room right next to the entrance
Okay, that's fine. It's kind of troll. That's a little unlucky. Oh my god
There's that one
This one
And they teleport you to different parts of the map. That's exciting
Okay, so we never played league of legends with ovally on stream. Oh my god, I would get so destroyed
Oh my god, I almost fucking died again. What's the fuck wrong with me?
You got it. Hello
It's an empty over here
So we got a jump
If you want to start singing, it's really a bad sign for us living. It's really good
We took it
Okay, somebody took that too early
Really?
Do we just keep going? Yeah. Yeah
Put a fucking troll. We die. I gotta kill you.
Oh, is there anybody on walkie at the ship? Oh, yeah
Oh, there's nothing here. Okay
Is there anybody on walkie?
Who's on cops?
Uh, yeah, you have to jump. You have to go across the jump. You're gonna have to jump and I don't think you're gonna make it
Oh, what was that?
You fail. The weight doesn't matter. Well, well, Chris failed. So is that the way out?
So peaceful this way, but unfortunately it's a dead end
Okay, anybody uh, any items down here? It seems like it's just a dead end this jump
I can make this jump. Wait, why are you jumping back?
Because she went the wrong jump. Oh, it's the other jump. Oh, the other comes upstairs. Oh, I went up here
Either what?
There's got to be more shit. Yeah, that leads back to the ship. This jump? Yeah, that leads back. I'm on radio
I didn't do that. That's crazy. There's got to be more stuff over this way, right?
So
Uh, I don't know the way back, right? Do you know the way back so I can take this engine out of here?
Copy that. There's a mine. Did this come with me? All right
Okay, what about here? Anything over here? Just mines. I found this engine down here, but that's it
Hold on. I'm radioing back to radar one second. Another jump?
Any items here? Bye
I think you have to be directly on it. Dude, this place has so many jumps. What the fuck?
It's here somewhere. Yeah, we saw the line. The way back out is this way. I'm almost certain. Is this the way out guys?
This is not the way out. This is a jump.
We have to jump to get out. This is a dead end over here.
It doesn't seem like there's many items down here. Maybe we should just fail. How many items do we have left?
I mean, there's 20 on most planets, right?
All right, I found a big room over here. Can anybody hear me?
Well, if you come towards the side of my voice is a bigger room. I'll look around in it
I'm over this way to get out. I don't know. I don't know if it's good to get out
I'm this way. I'm over here
Oh
Wait, there's a monster
Big time monster. Oh, that's a dead end. Oh, that was a good teleport
What are you looking at? I can tell. That was one of those dog things with the two legs. Oh, okay
It would kill me. Yeah, we're good
Damn, I will miss my flashlight, but what can you do?
Move any money. I can't give you mine. Oh, you teleported case out. Yeah, he's gonna die. Oh, that's oh wait
So you lose your your flashlight any items? Yeah, all right. Okay guys guys
Chris
All right, okay, so there's there's another beehive if we want to get try to get two beehives. Otherwise, let's do it
Okay, otherwise there's one on the back of the ship that I got
Okay
Are we ready hold on hold on hold on hold on hold on I'll TP whoever's getting chased by the bees
If you have stuff the bees if you're on bee quest if you have stuff drop it in here before you go
Because you will die. We're not losing our shit for bees
And you guys let me know who's aggroing the bees so I can TP them if uh, well, so so the tech the tech
Is that I put one on the back of the ship because
The bees stay on the planet when the hive stays on the ship so we could just take it without any
Okay, where's the other one? Where's the second hive though? The second hive is here. Follow me down this way. Yeah, I'm gonna see how you guys
I'm more of a no strategy guy
It is overwhelming it is overwhelming hearing people actually want to win a game. Yeah, I'm just not used to it
What's up fee? I feel I feel like I'm annoying
We're being told
Yeah, I just want to get eaten by a big by a big
Dogs can hear you but not see you. Oh, if you're talking they'll come kill you
Are they only overworld enemies or can there's all this one?
They can come in the ship and kill us
Okay, Chris
I'm gonna I'm gonna yell I'm gonna yell start the ship and then start the ship. Okay
Okay
Start the ship get in here
Don't close it
It's the bees
Thanks for the follow
That's pretty good. I guess almost 100 already. You've stumbled into the worst gamer on twitch
Yeah, we got this shit. We can definitely hit render tighten after the front. What is what is
You are about to tighten your butthole once you land on that planet. Oh, that was actually clever. Good job
You usually got to like pay a bunch of money for that. I worked really hard on it. I worked really hard
The express is
This is a nice abstract sculpture we have in the ship here. What do you call it?
I call it
Make sure to charge your stuff before you guys leave
Yep, charge your stuff charge your stuff
She lived I think
I think she survived
That's why that's why you gotta not try to copy will you know
He's his own person
Case would you shut the fuck up?
Eric, obviously I want to but I'm compelled by my anxiety to endlessly talk
Axel that's a dead end over here
Already a dead end
Oh, there's a goo. Oh, there's a goo in the door. Yeah, touch it
Touch it. Okay, this way looks promising
Turn it turn it turn it
Turn it turn it t-minus 600 hours
I mean Chris is a fucking god. Oh, Eric. I'm not offended either way
I mean, you're right either way. I should shut the fuck up. Yo, that was the response to fear
Oh my god, so much stuff. What the hell? All right, I better not die. Is there a fire exit conveniently anywhere right here?
What is that noise? It's this fucking toy. Unfortunately. Oh, I was like holy shit is a monster coming?
I should try to get it out of here
Because I have a bunch of stuff now
But I as usual wasn't paying attention to what the way out is
I found a bunch of items
Oh, no, she said she was gonna do well and then she got gooed
I mean gamers are always saying to get gooed
What's the way out? Oh the goo went the other way
Nice
Allowing me to heroically leave
All right. I got a stop sign and a key
Uh case. Did you miss any news?
Um, no, sorry and also I'm so slow to reach out even slower than on my news
I'm so easily confused
I think today it'll just be this tomorrow. We'll be back on our news grind
for a bit
But thank you for caring these noises
This thing is insane
I think it's back this way
Yo, who's over there?
Yeah
Hey, I got this dead guy. You need to bring him back to the boat
Okay, I couldn't send any better sporophyte. I will forever barely know what I'm talking about
Oh, somebody's got the robot
I do. I wish I didn't
This is a pretty
bum planet
Damn, I'm always being pretty mean about this planet
Yeah, it's a pretty bum planet, but we've already met quota so we can just dip
Let's go to a different one
Why am I scared? Oh, it's a flashbang
Why did I just get scared?
Because chris is dead hurt uh rather dead body
All right, all right
Look at that uh stop sign sleeping on the job wait who did we lost two?
Yeah
You know, it was like I'm gonna do well this map and then she just immediately got murdered
Immediately stepped into the goo
Yeah, uh, no, don't sell the stop signs unless we really need to because they could be weapons
Right, okay
Here Faris, let me show you. I know how they work. Oh my god. She's gonna kill us all
Say disrespect
We're speaking ill of the dead now
Disrespect that you guys were just fucking roasting, but I was dead, okay
All right, but I'll tell you this this round. I'm gonna do so fucking good
No
All right, I believe in you dude rock and roll
We got it
Charging the old light
Guide us
Is the little yellow bar in the top left
Amina and health is that my my battery? Yeah, the yellow bar
That's your electricity. Yes. Yeah, that's for your flashlight or anything
Yes, I would highly recommend buying this game or pulling this game. It's fantastic
You could do it solo or with friends. It's only $10. Obviously this game is an incredible deal
And it's made by a furry
It's it's made by a furry
A single furry
Look at what one furry can do
Are you fucking Gino?
Yeah, maybe
Furry has run the world
What?
The truth who runs the world? Capital
Furry's dead
Heavy
I know I'm not actually heavy
I feel heavy
Okay, you know, we've got the the power generators in this room
Exactly reverie. Don't tell loudly. Oh, you don't do it. Never let them disempower you
Stop it
I got bottles and a tea kettle immediately. We are
I got bottles and a tea kettle. We're fucking in the money
If you play this game long enough, you'll start going through your trash
Oh, okay. That's just a door
Some nice terrifying noises being
Ball
What is that?
Nice
Uh, it's just doors terrifying. Oh, no fire exits over here
Where's the cake?
Uh, with the sound of my voice over here. We're coming. We're coming. We're coming. A little fire exit
And a deadly jump that we probably have to take
Nice
Okay. Oh fire
All right, I will sacrifice actually what item speak. Wait, wait, wait. What item see them? Yeah, let me drop this
You know, I'll drop this
Let's do things to go back to ship. Well, don't take the flashlight actually. That's cute. Yeah. Yeah, I'm on walkie. No, no take my flashlight
Okay
I'm going on walkie
Oh, there's nothing don't even uh shoot
Oh, shit
We're I'm on the line with case me and case me and case are together
We're together
Jealous chat. We
Oh my god, I thought you were dead
Okay, so that was Chris opening the doors for us by the way
Okay, can you leave us to where the doors are? Oh
One of those head guys
Should we just bail?
I think we're leaving now. I think we're leaving. Yeah, let's go. Let's go. If we had us
I guess somebody should start taking a stop sign because then those head guys aren't that bad
All right, we can deal with them
I thought Avaly was gonna be our uh
That was like a little worm dude the head worm
For he's run the internet honestly reverie you're probably right
There's a strong correlation between are we going the right direction by the way deviant art og's and like the bleeding heart of the internet
Just straight ahead from here bottles
Apparently because you never know when someone that rich will just jump to their death
Still on track. I'm assuming
For he's are everywhere man
If yeah, copy that. Thank you
I didn't take it this time. Just so you know
Who took it?
I don't know. Do you want to but you gave it to somebody else I see
No, I I didn't touch it. I didn't do shit
I took flat rate back to the ship because he was long
I got it guys
I got it. Well, because I thought everyone was dead. Wait razz is headed off in the wrong direction
razz is going for a beehive
Where is he?
Oh, uh, I don't know looking for eye. I guess. Yeah, he's looking for a beehive, but I too will look for a beehive
There aren't any around us
I'm on radios. Just call us back if we need to come back
Ian, I'm with you
Copy that. Yeah, I don't think I think razz dropped all those items correct
I should have looked at the flashlight
Careful
We're good. We're good. There's little fly boys the manticoyle. What do those do? They don't attach the bird. They're neutral. Okay
That's the manticoyle the kind of bird thing
Damn, how are there no beehives? Hello? Any luck bud?
Hey guys any bees?
What a perfect noise
He had a walkie talk. Yeah, he acted that really well. That was somebody put him up to the end. Was that Ian?
Yeah, that was Ian. Oh fuck Ian had the walkie talk. Yeah, he had the walkie. No, we just we just lost it
It's in the fucking sand. Well, I guess let's head back
They beat me to it
Dude fast acting on Ian on the voice acting god damn
What god damn folks
Incredible work lot in there
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Well, we lost a walkie
Our bee adventure was probably not worth it
What happened? Ian died
Oh, Ian died. Yeah
What a nerd
Bummer. Is anybody still out there?
Um flowers. Oh, they're still called quicksand, but oh new outfit
New outfit. They're still in the thing outfit change
green gang
Green gang. Oh razz is still active
Razz and flowers are both lost out there
Time is it? I could start. Are they in the facility? Do you know if they have any?
Razz flowers razz flowers
Is anybody in the facility fine? No, no one's in the facility
Oh, they're lost
Razz
Oh razz. Oh, it's 521. I'm gonna get killed. I stay out here
me
I am but one I am but one man
Is that? Oh, I guess that was you
I was just sprinting out a little ways to see if I could find razz, but I think a monster's about to appear that will kill us
Um, where they like come out around five
Yeah, they're going the wrong way
I mean razz has a flashlight. I think I can
So this is an example of when you got to be quick on the teleporter draw
Because if you see a red thing running towards them, you're gonna want to just like quickly TP them out
Oh, they made it there. Oh, okay sick. They made it
The giant is out the giant is out. Hop on hop on the ship. Let's go
You guys need to beam Ian's body back. He drowned in the no, no, no, no. We can't we tried we tried
Excuse me. Where did you guys get your green outfits? Yeah, where'd you?
Um, we actually got uh fly as hell, right? We got promoted because we're uh
Better employees than you actually
That's exactly what it is. Let me just dance it out real quick. It's just a
Oh
Yeah, yeah, I'm not going to look for anything ever again
Your death battle was really do you have no walkie-talkie left? I've just been promoted flowers
All right company company wait, and how about all of touchy?
Yeah, you're the recruit buddy. Don't worry about it
Oh, they're ready to turn you can change your secret
In turn. Yeah, go give me some coffee. Coffee boy
Yeah, give me some coffee
I sell this apparatus sell everything
Don't sell the keys. Oh, yeah, we gotta get another walkie-talkie. Don't we?
Yeah, don't don't buy anything yet. Do not do not purchase anything
You're not purchase anything yet just so we can make sure that we got the money
Down that growls it sounds like my own stomach Kevin. That's really it does
mood
It's listening to it the longer we listen to it the more hungry I get
Guys I have to run and do a work thing. Is anybody in here? Is that a murloc?
Oh, yo, what's up? I just gotta I gotta leave if anybody asks
Oh, shit. Okay. Good luck, dude. Thank you. I might be back. We'll see
Okay. Have a good one everybody
Guys I gotta call it a little early today
But I will maybe be back if I can finish this fast enough depending on how long they're playing
Very quick stream, but
I got a company a little bit
All right, I'm gonna raid Fiona who's still company-ing as hard as ever. I'm assuming
Kendall's telling me I can just stay but I have to go either way
Um, um
All right, everybody
I will see you all soon
Have a good one. Enjoy the Fiona time