I'm Papito. I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
We're live in ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one. Let's do this!
Hello everybody.
There we go.
Hello. Good to see everybody.
Look at all my bin warriors on my bin heads. Great to see everybody here today.
I might start saying that all the time.
Yeah, I gotta touch every corner of the room. Even the secret corners that my hand disappears into.
Good to see Al John Michael be Grendel S1000 card king propaganda commander,
gab the mighty Oz, Greg T.U. and to daddy, live and sleazy the master,
Mod not case his brother somewhere in there. So, breachie the other master mod, your fish
is starting to look a little rough. Might need to catch a fresh one. It looks different to you.
Isn't it the same fish tie as always? Is he looking, is he getting faded?
It's Ben curling. It was curling, it was curling on arrival. It looks like shit, so the same.
I mean, we could check other fish ties. I could Google fish tie and see if there's like a hot update.
Fish embroidery tie. Wait, this one looks longer. Oh, no, it's not longer.
Oop, not that. I have an announcement to make. This just looks longer on her because
she's wearing a high up little skirt. I think I'd already have to be there.
It's the exact same tie. This was $41. I don't feel like I spent $41 on this.
One second. I have to do a little bit of research here. I feel like I spent $10 on this,
and that's like selling it for 40. Did I not buy this on Amazon? Did I spend $40 on this tie
and just forget about it? I might have. That does sound like the kind of thing I'd do.
No, I didn't. I did not. I spent $20 on it though. I won't show you this Amazon landing
bitch because you can never remember if my information is all over it. But yeah,
I spent 20. That site is just upcharging by $20 for the same shitty fish tie. I could get
another one right now of this exact tie. It's even the same model in this photo on Amazon.
That's wild. Look, I can't scroll up because my address is up there, but
it's just the exact same tie for $20 on Amazon. Yeah, maybe I finally popularized it.
I'm not getting it. I swear to God, it's been this same piece of shit the whole time.
Can you get one where the tie is a butthole and the tie is a big turd?
Turd tie. I will say this. This is a tie that's for sale on Amazon,
just so you all know. When I typed in turd tie, I guess that somehow counted as like turkey tie?
This is pretty good. I do think this is some pretty good stuff. If we do the Thanksgiving parade this
year, it's also so long. Look how long it is done. It's going well past this man's belt.
If we do the Thanksgiving parade, I'll keep this tie in mind and we might have to do it.
Looks like we already have some requests today.
Okay. Oh yeah, one other little piece of not news, but housekeeping. If you want,
you can submit audience members for the new segment. That's an old segment, the town hall.
If you want a particular person to be in the audience, you can send them a ticket
by posting their image in a thread in the bin section of the discord, although apparently
I put it in the wrong spot instantly. If there's a mod related to the discord,
exterminator, maybe I don't know who can fix it, undo my damage, but I put a
I put a thread in the bin news article section instead of the bin thread section.
I'm not sure how I could have been confused. Yeah, that's right. It's confusing.
Anyway, it's in there. It's in all of the threads, but people have already posted some
good stuff. Destroy it. We could just remake it too.
Destroy this place utterly awful. Psycors in there already just talking shit.
If somebody wants to delete it and just move my instructions, you can do that too.
But you know, I was nervous about making a thread in the discord and I failed immediately,
now I can never do it again because it's too much for me.
Subreciu did submit a good audience member. In fact, all submitted audience members are now in the audience
other than Foxmask is not in there yet because I have to I got to custom that one.
The rest of them are in there. You need to get the crack smoking dog and Manchester
pervert boys throw them in the thread. I have a very simple process for for assigning
these audience member seats that I can do pretty quickly. So I can I can get them all in there
eventually. We can have thousands of audience members, thousands of audience members not watching
the stream, but specifically in the town hall audience. I do thousands of tech work,
a thousand hours of tech work before the stream, but doesn't post a thread at discord.
Yeah, I had no my limits. My lane is making assets and messing with OBS. I can't be
messing with threads in discord. The dozens and dozens. Okay. News, I guess. Let's do some news.
Um, I think we have anything going on this week other than if we hit this sub goal before Friday.
The Beyblades have been ordered. So we might Beyblade burst with Munch and Crumb,
depending on how the week goes. Maybe I'll finally do that workout stream this week.
I'm not making any promises though. Oh, I have to make a song today. That's a good point.
We do have to song it up. Oh my God. 20 communities. What six community subs and 20 community subs?
What the fuck? I was not that was sorry. I did not mean to milk you guys that hard.
Jesus. What an insane amount of subs right off the jump. Well, it looks like we will be
Beyblading as soon as these Beyblades are at. I think they'll be here by tomorrow. So maybe we'll
do it Wednesday. I train. What the fuck, man? Force it on these people to give subs?
It's not though. It's nice. No, I mean, I'm happy that he didn't
I'm telling you, I'm okay with it.
I guess that exists. Destruction.
Rap beat. You do realize you already have a rap song going about height?
Okay. Never mind. I retract any complaints that make perfect sense.
What's this one? This is a destruction type beat. Nope. This is a different type of
destruction. This is a destruction type beat. Not sure what she's doing there.
She's kind of doing a cosmic fidget spin with her upside down.
I did spell destruction, destruction. I think that's how we got this 17 view destruction beat.
Okay, I spelled it right and it still gave me this 17 view beat, but this one is a free
use destruction type beat featuring dreads. Zen Lumiere beats. Do you feel the destruction type?
Yup.
That's not really destruction type beat.
I don't think you can say, I think people get banned for saying they're doing crack hype train.
That's a different type of destruction. I can't do it all day because trains can do whatever there is.
The compulsion, we got some crack in the back of a chat smoking crack. That's bad.
I'm saying it's bad that they're doing it, but I can't deny the chats in the back in the
smoking crack. Can you not accuse my chat of smoking crack? Smoking crack in the back
in the message back, but we all smoking crack in the back. Yeah, we're talking on the books.
Get your in the back because they slamming subs and I can't handle that. We got L,
Blank and B with the hot, dear one. Shaggy with the one subs having five subs, so we got
five community subs. Doppin' all these subs showing way too much love and mass breakin'
everything. You barely made it through any of the subs. There's a lot of them coming in.
People love me rapping about crack destruction. I thought it was just gonna be destruction.
Why did I have to immediately go to crack hype train? Because I said the word crack.
How make the rules? Look at this type. Look at this beat. Freestyle beat destroyed from dark side
featuring running Homer. Not sure how this is the image of destruction, but I guess it is.
Like this bitch out.
I got some people to thank and the bad kids listen up man. I'ma shout you in the
mansions, dropping subs cause we bad kids in the dance team.
Boom, us every five thank you for the five subs. Honestly, everybody today showing too much love.
We got the best. They don't get the best. They are stiff with the five subs from
where we got the new.
Cocking five subs everywhere I see I'm in.
If you fell in I actually meant one. But I like to say the number five. So we got the mighty
eyes with the hundred lives of shit coming in.
Playin' off of baby got the damn train love.
I'm pranks don't fall me even.
Playin' 20 subs goddamn what you doin' my friend.
I'll tell you what you doin'.
What destruction type beats if all you're gonna talk about is crack hype train.
We do not support you doing crack here.
Don't family me.
Give us six subs as well son.
And that's all the subs that we have got for now.
We went from zero straight up to blue.
42 does not rhyme with crack.
Destruction type beat me in all the rums.
Has been getting more stressed out as the speeds been going.
He's really shaking all over the place.
Level three damn this is the sixth damn train.
Sacrifice. How did Pippino become bloke?
You want to vote?
On honor of his sacrifices getting the most votes.
I the hype train will now rap about a combining piss and crack.
No one thought that that's possible to rap about.
The combination of piss and crack.
Hyprion you gotta be dead soon.
How long...I can't even see how long you're alive today.
It's not showing up on my end.
But I feel like you don't have time for that.
We don't need to do that at all.
Pace there comes a time in everyone's life.
When they have to tip a click on me freestyle beat.
A shawty type beat.
Homer's had a really bad day.
He's not taking a prisoners anymore.
Like this bitch out.
You ready to do this?
Nibbix on these streets.
The cops can't stop a man.
I'm talking about crack and piss.
Deep inside the crack house.
Nothing good is because it's not clear.
The piss and smoke and crack and you handle that.
We got hype train shack.
And tamper in the back.
Pouring out piss straight up in through the crack.
Can you handle that?
Why is shack back again?
Shacks in the back with jack.
Smoking piss and drinking crack.
That's right.
We switched it up.
Piss is now solid.
It's a solid substance.
Meanwhile, crack's all out and happening.
But we are chugging crack.
And we're pissing to smoke man.
It's happening hype train.
Where is this happening?
In the back.
The streets come when living in the back.
No one cares about shack and shack.
Because we all are addicted to crack.
Which is also a pity.
To that fucked up case.
Go to city hall.
We gonna burn down the place.
Cause we're that generation that was forever too lost.
But we gonna go down to city hall.
And show them who is boss.
To piss and drink and piss crack.
That he'll not stand for my generation.
Being left behind.
I'm doing that go to city hall.
And show them how we do our man.
We do our man.
We do our man.
And that's my town.
That's how we live in man.
It's a bad boy.
When I'm bad, it takes a good powerful task.
Sorry about that everyone.
Sometimes the hype train is just get away from you.
And uh...
You don't deserve this music.
You don't deserve to hear these hot rhymes.
Those were hard.
Trues being told through the power of storytelling.
What hard truths were those Pepito?
I don't know.
It's tough about the piss and the streets.
Not all the crack.
This stream isn't about doing crack.
You sure about that?
I'm pretty confident.
You're just like what he said.
You're like city hall.
You don't even care about the people that smoke to piss crack.
We're doing some some sky ants today.
We'll go to it after this first story.
It's been called for officially so now we're on a slight moratorium of that word triggering anything.
Maybe chat can look up into if crack has ever been laced with piss.
And if I'm being incredibly insensitive.
Isn't that 100% crack has to have been laced with piss at some point.
Like accident if anything.
I mean it'd be a really dark situation if it has.
I don't mean to make fun of that kind of thing.
Yeah but you're dismissing it outright.
By not listening to the hype train.
Crack is easy to make.
Yeah what if you slip and you spill some piss in it.
No please no.
Yeah what even is crack.
I don't know.
The money is such a strong opinion on this.
It was moved by the beautiful story.
Alright look we're 30 minutes into the stream.
All we've done is talk about piss and crack.
We talked about piss crack for 20 minutes but people are still talking about it.
We should shift gears and talk about major world events.
Let's do some news.
Let's get this show back on track.
And stop talking about cracks.
See I can rhyme too case.
You don't need to just leave it behind.
Livance Leasy says he might do a whole crack making stream.
Let's not.
Livance Leasy I'm sure you could show us how it's done.
I'll never underestimate your ability to know things.
But no.
Bring the intelligence at the conversation down and talk about some modern world leaders.
Yeah I can't say that I'm gonna actually be talking about anything.
I'm kick.
You could definitely do it.
They're probably already doing that on kick.
They're probably throwing crack rots at some guy.
Who then literally dies in front of us all again.
Why does this keep happening.
I gotta look this up.
Why does this keep randomly triggering.
What is even doing it.
Let it happen.
But what are we leveling up.
We're not even in the wall.
Okay wait I'm just curious.
I can leave it.
But I'd love to know why this is happening.
Okay.
He congrats you guys leveled up.
You know I don't even know.
Oh there it is.
I have no idea how that's triggering.
That's crazy.
It doesn't have a trigger even attached to it.
Are you killing technically little BTS here.
Technically that should trigger when an enemy dies.
And I don't know.
Are you guys secret.
Are you guys somehow gaming the system and killing this enemy behind the scenes.
I think crumb is doing it.
Don't blame.
Well you can blame him actually.
Can't believe he's back.
I was so thrilled when he died.
I don't think he I don't think he even say that Jeff.
I mean again.
Vote now.
Is there a poll.
Is there like a reward.
That's on.
I'm so confused.
What is causing this.
All right I'm going I gotta go deep for a second here.
Here I'll show you guys my work.
I'll show the work here.
It should be easy to find.
I don't want to do this.
Get me out of here.
Uh I don't even know you guys voted for it.
Okay.
Enemy info.
Enemy dead.
There's no trigger for it.
How is this happening.
What.
Oh it's exclamation point H.
Vote now.
How there's nothing there's nothing attached to exclamation point H.
All right I gotta I gotta.
I gotta find and I have to catch and compromise this command to a permanent end.
I've had enough.
Exclamation point H.
It's supposed to be the headline thing.
Oh but it's also heal.
I see what happened.
It's been disabled.
You've lost your exclamation point H privileges.
Mods.
Sorry.
They had a good run while it lasted.
If anybody wants to describe an explanation of what happened.
I don't need one.
I don't know what all of this is.
Okay.
I don't.
What what are those other noises.
People are you know it's different noises depending on what they vote for.
Anyway if you want to know back in the day we did an RPG candyland stream
where in order to heal the various bad guys
you're still hearing the dong.
Okay well I think you're not because I'm not hearing it.
Anyway back in the day to heal the bad guys I had to type an exclamation point H
and how much I wanted to heal them.
But I think because there's a value that has no health when chat's typing
exclamation point H and nothing it's healing them zero and then triggering the fact that the enemy's dead.
So but now you can now you no longer can do that.
It didn't really make much more sense when you explained the case just so you know.
I still don't get what you're talking about.
We're here to talk about comedy is back.
It's back and better than ever.
Let's get into this.
Wait a minute you lost the story with all of your piss rapping.
How could you do this.
All right we'll go to NBC news for this one even though we had a different story pulled up
that case is now lost.
I'm just ready I want to laugh today.
I want some yucks.
I just want to sit back relax and watch my favorite podcasters.
That also apparently do comedy.
I didn't even know.
You know that a lot of my favorite podcasters do comedy.
I'm actually hearing that for the first time too.
That's crazy.
Good for them honestly.
I didn't realize that was even an option.
There should be a command to interrupt the stream with a random 10 minute undertaker entrance.
That's actually kind of tempting.
And then I just get to kind of chill for 10 minutes.
Well you're interrupting the news with your nonsense.
So yeah finish your...
Don't finish my words for me in sort of my voice.
You son of a bitch.
A list comedians face backlash for performing the sin of just doing comedy I guess.
Wait a minute this isn't loading correctly one second.
There it there we go.
That's a little that's better.
Zoom in and hand zoom in and hand.
Okay did you hear about this?
Have you heard about this case?
We're talking about comedy so I can say that.
Have you heard about this?
Classic stuff.
We've talked about this briefly on the stream.
I don't know all the details.
Though in broad strokes a bunch of comedians are going to Saudi Arabia at the express
invitation of the Saudi royal family.
Muhammad bin Salman and his entertainment authority have summoned the world's finest.
And a couple comedians I unfortunately do like...
See you know.
Jump like trained seals.
Any footage of it?
Is it has it?
I was trying to find footage.
When is it?
It's the 26th.
To the 9th of October.
It's fucking two weeks.
It's two weeks of all of the world's greatest comedians.
The best in the biz.
Are you denying Mustache conservative is...
What's his name Andrew Garfield?
Andrew Schultz.
You don't think Mustache conservative is the one of the greats?
He does the Fresh and Fit podcast or something?
I can't remember what Andrew Schultz's podcast is but it's something like
unscrupulous or some shit.
You've got to know this if you're going to talk about it.
The un...
It's not unscrupulous.
It's something else like
Indefatigable.
That can't be.
It can't be Indefatigable Jeff.
Andrew Schultz is in the Street Fighter movie as Dan.
And you're saying he doesn't understand comedy?
That's some of the funniest casting ever.
That is some pretty great comedy casting right there.
You're not interested unless Andrew Dice Clay is going?
He might be.
This isn't a comprehensive picture that we have up here.
Who's... is that Don Riggles?
Is this Don Riggles right up in the top middle?
Yeah, I think that's Don up there.
Don is doing it unfortunately.
I told him like, hey, you're gonna face some backlash for this.
Aziz Ansari is going.
The one that's made everyone a little sad is Bill Burr is going.
He was sort of building up some kind of
anti-authoritarian credibility over the last couple years and
this doesn't really help with that.
Yeah, he's made jokes expressly about
about how like going to do this kind of thing is an embarrassment.
On one level, as someone who's applied their craft,
is that what you're calling it?
Yeah, yeah, my craft for various people that I think are complete pieces of shit.
I mean, full disclosure, I think Comcast is...
has tons of problematic practices.
Their CEO in particular has done...
has various political views that I find pretty reprehensible.
And I work for them, obviously.
It's a little different, I think, when it's expressly your face
and like your individual brand and you're signing off on
just taking a payday from the Saudis
and completely agreeing not to talk bad about their country while doing your stand-up.
Because I've, you know, am vaguely in the comedy space,
I feel like I know a lot of people who would go do this for sure.
I think a lot of comedians view like
doing almost any gig is like, yeah, I'm doing a gig.
You know, I take a paycheck from whoever's going to pay me
and I do my thing with whatever limitations are imposed by the venue.
I think this is a little different, obviously.
This is a specific, calculated and ongoing sports washing
slash culture washing state strategy from the Saudi Arabian government
to just shower money on a bunch of different things
that Western audiences view is safe in order to clean up their image.
And I think being part of that as a stand-up where it's...
expressly your face on it is pretty shitty.
So I probably have a slightly more mild view of it than somebody,
but I still think I wouldn't do this.
Like I wouldn't want Case Blackwell in the lineup here.
Not that they asked.
That hurts, right?
They didn't even ask Mark Marin, who's way more famous than me.
And I know that because he's made...
Now he's doing bits about it.
The same bit I just did.
It's kind of a low-hanging bit, but yeah, I wasn't asked.
So it is...
I don't know in what universe I would be,
but I guess it's easier from the sidelines to say you wouldn't take
the blood money, but I feel like I wouldn't do it.
I mean, even Shane Gillis didn't do it.
Don Riggles though, he's old school.
He believes that if you pay his asking fee, he has to do it.
Like he can't say...
Yeah, if anyone who pays Don Riggles asking fee,
he feels like he's universal.
Like there's a universal law that he has to do it.
So he would do it even if like...
Like a white power group asked him, and he's done that.
Yeah.
He does do the same material everywhere though.
I'll give him that.
It's always bullhole stuff and poop stuff.
That is universal.
Well look, here's the details.
The comedy festival in the capital of Saudi Arabia has become a cultural flashpoint.
His major comedians face criticism for accepting seemingly lucrative deals to perform in a country
that was virtually impossible to visit until 2019.
And a pariah in much of the West for will just say some human rights kerfuffles.
That's what they're trying to get it changed to is kerfuffle.
And it's working.
The react comedy festival which began Friday and runs through October 9th
features a variety of big names such as Dave Chappelle, Kevin Hart, Aziz Ansari, Pete Davidson,
Andrew Schultz, Joe Coy, Bill Burr, Jessica Kiersen.
God, I love Jessica.
That one hurt.
I'm not actually familiar with, you know, I guess I do know who Joe Coy is.
Did he host the Golden Globes or something?
He's big.
You, they're all huge.
Jimmy Carr.
Jimmy Carr?
Not Jimmy Carr.
Free speech warrior Jimmy Carr.
Oh my god.
The things he said about free speech moved me so deeply.
It really changed the way I view talking about free of the way he talked about free is some of the best.
And Louis CK.
See if you can spot him in there.
You love Jimmy Carr?
Jimmy Carr is some, I don't know.
He's kind of on that like Joe Rogan mothership train now.
It's hard for me to like him as much, but whatever.
I will also say I don't think, what?
I don't think this is like the worst thing in the world going on.
So there also hasn't, like I think some of the outrage over this has been like
slightly exaggerated in my specific circle because I follow like a lot of comedians and I
know comedians.
I don't know if everybody cares about this that much.
Like the human rights abuses that Saudi Arabia is doing is a bigger deal than them
like trying to comedy wash it with this weird festival.
But it is like deep.
It's deeply embarrassing to be as rich as Kevin Hart and be like,
I just gotta get paid $2 million by Saudi Arabia.
You can just get paid to perform at their weddings and then nobody would even
complain about it because it wouldn't be the same PR thing.
And I think he has done that more or less.
He's done some private shows that I'm sure have paid him pretty well.
Saudis bought a controlling stake in SNK and put Cristiano Ronaldo and DJ
Salvatore and Ganache in Fatal Fury just because they are friends with the prince.
What a, what a world we live in.
The Saudi Arabian controlling stake in SNK leading to Fatal Fury characters.
That sounds made up but I believe it.
I believe it too.
Let's see what Dave Chappelle is up to.
He's enjoying his time over there seemingly.
Is that what is?
That is new act?
Oh, it's a looping.
It's 100% true.
No, I believe it.
It just sounds so like why would they care about that?
You know, when he got money, you can choose what you care about.
He is doing white hands.
He's kind of, this is, I miss the old Dave Chappelle sketches where he would do like the full white face
but he just doesn't have time for that anymore.
They're like, do the, do that one sketch and he's like, I'll do the hands.
Exclusively the hands.
I wonder if there's any other clips from this.
Oh, here's some pictures.
Oh my God.
This, why is it like a UFC ring?
Look at this.
What?
Wait, can we zoom in and enhance on this?
Open a new tab.
The comedy thunder dome.
Holy hell, look at this thing.
Even the cameras have to sign NDAs.
Yeah, they had to put all the film cameras that they're using to film the event in locked bags.
So they didn't end up getting any good footage of it, unfortunately.
Look at this comedy.
This is, this is sort of the, this is what you want as a comedian from my understanding of it,
is incredibly high ceilings and a UFC ring.
Isn't that kind of considered the optimal comedy space?
Yeah, yeah, you want that ceiling as high as possible and you want everybody really spaced out
and you don't want it to be too full.
Yeah, you want it to be like a lot of empty seats
and those seats super spaced out and you do want a good portion of your audience in soundproof boxes
to fuel the comedy.
Mm-hmm.
That's a robot fight arena.
This looks so...
Oh my god.
Okay, this is a complicated one so it didn't quite fit.
We will be doing it in circled today.
With one crumb with lost memories,
verse 30 of his concubines from hell
who are trying to convince him to pay child support for his hell spawn.
I do think he should be held accountable for his hell children.
And I'm glad that he is what, there's multiple venues.
Look, there's an outdoor venue.
Oh, this is fun.
Look, there's a laughing microphone.
The jokes are so good the dang microphone is laughing.
You'll love to see it.
What's the over and under for one of them getting arrested over there by the time it's over?
I guess if one of them like really feels butthurt about their online cred taking a hit,
yeah, they might, then they might do like some kind of edgy joke.
What's an edgy joke case?
What do you mean about Saudi Arabia?
I don't know.
All you have to do is mention Jamal Khashoggi, right?
You don't even have to do a joke.
Just be like, you know, I had to pay for a flight on the way down here,
but I'm gonna actually get sent back as luggage.
And a couple different pieces of luggage.
So at least I'll save some money.
And then did a and then did a exclamation point boo.
Yeah, we don't need to do the we don't need to do the the meter on that one.
I saw one of your women's knees kill him.
That would be another one.
What's the deal with women's knees?
Just the premise.
You don't even need the joke then the premise just gets you.
Doesn't actually feel that funny.
No, it's there's some bad stuff going on over there.
I'm always a little like any time in America we get to feel kind of like
this other country's really got some problems.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I always feel a little like I don't really just want to donk on Saudi Arabia.
Like performing for Trump in my opinion, which people like the Ovan have also done.
I also find pretty equally repellent.
So and if this wasn't like officially sponsored by the state,
although I don't think it could happen unless it was.
If it was just them going over to Saudi Arabia to perform like a Saudi Arabian comedy club,
I think that's okay.
Like I don't think we need to think of every country that has problems is like this
impossible place where people are like totally alien and they wouldn't want to see something
like this.
But this is legitimately like the state authority scheduling a comedy festival.
You know, if there was like the Israeli comedy festival sponsored by Netanyahu,
that would be not the best thing to do right now in my opinion.
I think it'd be probably even worse than this actually,
but this isn't that far off from that.
You're not excited for WrestleMania in the Middle East?
The first time state authority festival sponsored by electronic arts.
Yeah, the fact they paid 250 million for WrestleMania is pretty nuts.
The US can't really get on our high horse for freedom of speech right now.
No, no, although Saudi Arabia does.
Have more open and stricter limitations on free speech than the United States.
Tim Dillon, I saw a clip from him.
He got he was going to do the festival.
We can probably find it.
You guys might have already seen this.
I mean, this is kind of like a couple of weeks ago news
because this has been building up for a minute.
But Tim Dillon did some rant about how he got invited to this
and he was going to do and he's doing it for the money.
He's like, see, I'm speaking these blunt truths.
But then he got fired and I guess this is the joke that got him fired.
This is good stuff already.
Baby, we're in Saudi Arabia.
Come on, get your tickets now.
October 8th, the day after October 7th.
Just funny how it all works.
Not something that I had planned.
You know what?
You don't want to finish that clip?
I think actually I get it.
He made a joke about there being slavery,
like child slavery over there.
I think I'm actually good on watching Tim Dillon clips.
What part didn't you like?
This is what I mean about us getting too comfortable dunking on Saudi Arabia
or really any other country.
Like at the end of the day, you just end up doing his lafophobia.
Just sort of general racism towards Arabic people.
It's very, it's pretty, it's impressive how quickly it slides directly into that lane.
So I don't know.
I do think it's incredibly lame that all these comedians are doing it.
Well, I'll have probably forgotten about this in a, you know, on October 10th.
Once the festival is over, unless something crazy happens.
But I do think, you know, let's just list who's doing it.
That'll be our public service for the day.
Let's do the old, let's get the y'all ready for this music going.
And let's, let's give a list of all the comedians doing this.
Just in case you guys want to check it out.
Maybe maybe a couple clips will leak.
And I don't want to deprive you guys of seeing some of your faves.
So let's get a full list of the Riyadh Comedy Festival.
Boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop.
Line up please.
What's the lineup?
Does anybody even have the full list?
Oh, come on.
I just want the list.
Should I just go off Wikipedia?
Oh, visit saudi.com.
Which you can get your tickets.
I guess you could have gotten your tickets already.
Festival lineup.
Oh my God, they have such an annoying way to click through the festival lineup.
It is a lot of people.
Well, no choice but to hit the music, guys.
And run through it all.
Jeff, can you do the honors?
Do mine?
Do mine?
I was born for this.
This is what I'm here for.
To provide my silky smooth voice.
It's time for your 2025 Riyadh Comedy Festival,
starting lineup and total lineup.
Coming in first Wayne Brady and friends.
Ari Spears, Jack Whitehall, Sugar, Sammy, Mo Amir, Ali Sadiq, Ben
Hart, Jeff Ross and don't worry, friends.
Oops, I clicked on one of them.
We got Gabriel Iglesias, Omen Jolly, Jimmy Owen, Jessica Kiersten.
Oh, one of these bears left the cave.
It's Tom Segura or not Joe King.
We're Joe Koeh along with Sam Morill, Hannibal Barris,
and make an appearance.
It's Street Fighter himself, Andrew Shultz, and that's right,
the Flagrant podcast case.
Get it right.
Sebastian Manoscalo, Jimmy Carr with his co-headliner, Louis C.K.,
the boyfriend of various celebrities, Pete Davidson, Mark Norman,
very edgy stuff from him, Russell Peters, Zarna Garg,
they got a lady on the lineup.
That's probably good.
Chris Tucker, and there's probably even more.
There could be even more because that didn't include some of them.
Unless Aziz pulled out, I thought he was on the list.
Well, look, that's your partial, that's your starting lineup.
Okay.
That's just the starting lineup and many more.
Where's Fluffy?
Yeah, I don't think that was the full lineup or I don't even know if they're doing it.
Um, how come it's not giving me the full-ass lineup?
I can't buy tickets.
It said access tonight.
I need to bust out the VPN, guys, if I want to get tickets for it.
Oh, I said, oh, Gabriel a little glacial.
Yeah, we said him.
Maybe we're missing some because there's already been a couple days of it.
Wait a minute, Bill Cosby's on here?
Look at this.
This is this real?
Look at this picture they use for Bill Cosby.
What?
Hmm.
Okay, look, they do have a sense of humor.
I'll give it up to the Saudi Arabian Entertainment Authority.
They have a little bit of a sense of humor on that one.
It's your boy Sebastian Manoscalo.
Okay, so any thoughts on him?
No comment.
No comment on potentially having worked on a project involving him at some point.
We'll just move on.
This was a Tim Heidecker joke on office hours, I thought.
Is this this looks fake?
Some of these look fake.
This is from PBS.
Oh, yeah, there's a bunch of fake ones in here.
Okay, okay, we used the wrong one, but I'm blaming PBS for posting that picture.
Let's see if we can find the real photo.
Riyadh Comedy Festival.
I can't give I can't give the Saudi Arabian Authority any credit now
because they didn't post that hilarious picture.
But that would have been beautiful if they had that would have really healed the divides here.
Okay, this looks like the official this looks like the official photo.
Well, this is low res.
Oh, we also have, um, whatever.
Not to bears one cave.
The the mad TV guy in the ginger.
Is that the name of their podcast?
Yeah, it's the mad TV guy in the ginger for sure.
Beautiful, beautiful stuff.
This looks so weird.
I guess it's just super low res.
Okay.
Is will Sasso going?
They're all doing it.
Germany and Saudi Arabia comedy legends.
Hey, I've seen some funny German stuff.
It's too bad that this uh that this is photos and real that this one photo is not not legit
because that would have made me happy.
Some bad things make you happy.
Bobbily and Andrew Santino.
I know Bobbily's name, but I was forgetting Andrew Santino's name.
And I thought it was somehow more diplomatic if I just forgot both.
But I know they have a podcast.
I technically used to edit a podcast featuring Bobbily's ex-wife.
But that's all ancient history now.
He got fired.
Did I get fired?
I think I just lost.
I think I just didn't have time to do it.
Bad friends.
I mean, I know people who like the bad friends podcast.
Okay.
Which comedian will win the greatest royal rumble?
Delph Ziggler.
He does do it.
He does do stand-up sometimes.
I wonder if Delph is mad that he didn't get the call.
He's already been over there a few times.
So unfair.
Is he the guy from the Little Dicky show?
Andrew Santino is in Little Dicky as like his best friend slash manager.
From the one season.
Did I see two seasons?
The main thing I remember in Little Dicky shows,
he does a prison rap at one point that I thought was pretty solid.
Gina's friends with Bobbily.
I'm not surprised Bobbily is doing it.
I'm not surprised a lot of these guys are doing it.
I don't even think all of them are like the worst people on the planet.
I think they just don't.
I think this is for some, for a particular type of comedian,
they really don't consider themselves political.
And so they just like, even if they are, they're just like, well, I don't really,
I don't really get involved in politics, you know, like while having JD Vance or whatever
on their podcast, I think Bobbily is kind of in that mold.
He's like, I don't, I just don't do that stuff.
So he doesn't view going to like Saudi Arabia to perform for the royal family is like a political
move, but it obviously it is.
It's, it's like a little bit, it's just kind of a dumb guy defense.
I think some of these guys are just really leaning into the dumb guy defense.
And I think some of them are just legitimately a little dumb when thinking about what all of this means.
What's the price is a good question?
I don't know. The thing I don't know is how many people actually care about this.
Like to me, this definitely damages my view of like Bill Burr as a, as a speaker of truth to power.
However, I have a much less elevated view of comedy, I think, than, than some people do.
I've just never really had, I've never really had it in my brain as like the last bastion of
free speech, you know, like South Park's ability to pull no punches is going to save us all.
I don't really view comedy that way.
Like I do think of it more as like it is entertainment and these comedians will do
basically any gig. Some things though are a little too far for me, like personally,
and I would not do this festival.
I'll say that a lot of them are getting, I've heard one million.
I think Tim Dylan said he was getting paid 300,000 or something before he got
got pushed out.
They are people who value money over their values.
I just don't think, I don't even think this for some of them, I don't think there's any
friction here. Like I don't think they view this as some challenge to their values.
They're like, oh, sick, a gig. I really think for some of them it is as simple as like,
whoa, a really well paying gig. And that is the end of the thought process.
I think if it was something that they absolutely knew would get them in trouble,
like performing at a clan rally, they would have the sense not to do that.
But I think that might be like the upper limit of it for some people. I think some,
I think a lot of comedians are way more Snoop Dogg-brained than we're thinking,
like obviously Snoop Dogg wouldn't, I don't think we'd do a clan rally, but he's notorious for
like he will show up almost anywhere if you pay his appearance fee. I would say 90% of comedians are
that is their exact same thought process. They probably don't even know we're Saudi Arabians on a map.
Trying to think if you showed me like a blank map of the Middle East, if I would correctly
fill it in myself. I do think I know where it is on a map. Let's test it. There's no time. We've
already spent too much time on this. We have to move on. It's a clan comedy, Cavalcade.
A couple of these, I think a couple of these people would do it, I'll be honest.
I think Pete Davidson might still headline. And that's not because he's racist. I think
he'd just be like, it'd be fucking funny if I made these clan guys laugh. Kind of sounds
like Peter Griffin. Well, maybe Pete Davidson really does sound like Peter Griffin. I don't know.
Snoop did a Trump rally. Yeah, he did. He did. But again, I just don't think they're like,
I don't think they view it as like an infringement on their free speech. They're like,
yeah, I'm just doing it over there. I'm doing one of my acts over there. It's like when I have to
do clean comedy at a club. Some clubs you like can't use the F word. This is the same. I can't
use like the slavery word, the S word. Yeah, they can't say shit or slavery. Their S words are
more limited than usual. And it was offered a free trip to Saudi, Comic Con. I politely told my boss,
no, or hell no. Yeah. Yeah, I don't know if I'd be rushing over to Saudi Arabia. I honestly really
like visiting the idea of visiting almost any country is appealing to me. I would just prefer
to experience a place firsthand whenever possible. But if it was like,
if it was literally like the Saudi Arabian Entertainment Authority inviting me over,
I think I would have to decline. But if I just could go under the right circumstances,
I probably would go to Saudi Arabia, but not to perform and not to get paid to go. But I would
be curious like, what's it like over there? So I think I could still see myself going. This
is very different. This is like they're using the image of these people to promote the country.
I also think if I went, I wouldn't be like, it's incredible what they're doing over there,
the modernization of it. They're light years ahead of us, what they're building. It's insane.
As a tourist, even, I guess there's an argument, even contributing as a tourist,
given some of the things going on in Saudi Arabia might not be the most moral thing to do. I'd
have to think about it, I guess is what I'm saying. And I have not. Well, I'm sure you'll keep that up,
not thinking. Look, some of these comedians have spoken directly to this. I'll do dramatic reading
for you. This is from Theo Vaughn's podcast with Jim Jefferies, was on the Jim Jefferies.
Jefferies, I'm going to this thing in Saudi Arabia. I've been given a little bit of grief online,
nothing too much. And this is Theo Vaughn, but going to Saudi Arabia. That's Theo Vaughn.
Jefferies, yeah, a few people have gotten into the comics who are going and the list is big.
It's Louis CK, me, Bill Burr, Fluffy's going, Whitney Cummings is going. And this is Vaughn.
I should go, you're going, don't even get invited. That's, and that was Vaughn. And here's Jefferies.
It's called the Riyadh Comedy Festival. And here we go. Andrew Schultz is these on Sorry,
Bill Burr, Jim Jefferies, Jimmy Carr, Joe Coy, Kevin Hart, you know. Wow. That's Vaughn.
Jefferies, we got people. Vaughn. Great lineup. Jesse Kirshen, Namesh Patel. Wow.
And here's Jefferies. It's a good lineup. I've seen it at any comedy festival ever.
Vaughn, I'm alive. And here's Jefferies again. No, people have been going, oh, how dare you go after
there after they killed a reporter? That was the big one. There's been a reporter who they
killed. You don't think our government fucking bumped people? Oh, I think Jefferies Epstein
was fucking bumped off. You know what I mean? It's a really good point because, you know,
like the Clintons and Trump did the tag team to kill Jeffrey Epstein. There's no problem with it,
actually. Let he who didn't kill Jeffrey Epstein cast the first stone. I mean, I basically was
making a similar argument about being overly critical of foreign nations. But I don't know,
I don't know, Mr. Jefferies. I do think there's a slight difference between killing your
pedophile overlord because he was starting to rat too hard and brutally massacring a journalist
because they reported one thing you didn't like. There's a couple differences there, but he might
get into that. Okay, I'll continue reading them. I'm sure that every place where you damage a lot
of places, that's Vaughn in case you couldn't tell, Jefferies. Yeah, yeah, one reporter was
killed by the government, unfortunate, but not a fucking hill that I'm going to die on, although
the reporter did. And I don't know the ins and outs of the government. So then they get into the
LIV golf, right? Okay, the golf tournament, live golf. The golfers go up to Saudi Arabia for a king's
ransom amount of money and everyone's like, how dare they after how they treat their people and all
this type of stuff. And the people are like, all right, they've got, then you've got Cristiano
Ronaldo goes over there and plays there and is being paid and he gets an extra 100, 200 grand
every time he kicks a goal as a bonus 50 grand for an assist. Podcasts are like fun to read.
When you script this stuff out, it really makes you realize all of the quality content out there.
Yeah, truly, we used to have, you know, quotes from Mark Twain and stuff, but in 100 years,
it's going to be Jim Jefferies on Theo Vaughn's podcast with the dash and the date saying
one reporter was killed by the government. Unfortunate, but not a fucking hill that I'm going to die on.
It's so unfortunate. A lot of unfortunate things happen. And what are you going to do? Die on a
hill or bin transcripts available? That would be this is really long. This is a wild form of,
this is a wild form of content. I got to call out humorism.com as well.
Well, for just transcribing and posting an entire Theo Vaughn podcast in defensivehumors.com,
this is actually a bunch of different podcasts. This is, I guess, a full breakdown of the
various comedians who have now talked about this on podcasts. Stavros also, I guess, talked
about it with Chris DiSifano. He said, well, what's good about a gig like that for me personally is
this is one where it's not even like there's no question. Jasmine can't come. Oh, they did a bit
about it. Oh, I guess you got to do a bit about it at least. Hey, Stavros isn't going. I'll give
some credit to Stavros. Those come town instincts keeping them away. Okay, well, look, we've talked
about this for long enough. We got a couple other segments. We got to make a song and we don't
have all day. So let's just turn off the segment requests because we're loaded up and let's get to
it. All right, that's all the time we have. Get your tickets at Saudi. What is it? Visit Saudi?
I think I should get this right. VisitSaudi.com. I don't want to. We can't talk all this trash
and not plug the website. It's important that you got to plug every website you talk about.
That's true. VisitSaudi.com for all of your tickets. They're going fast. They're going into
the country and out of the country as fast as possible. The comedians because they're scared.
But the tickets are also going fast. So, you know, get those today. And I will get out of here
today because the words I've said were like a ripple of laughter through a crowd. And
you know my name. It's Jeff Ripple. That's correct case. That's fucking correct.
Now for all this anti entertainment bullshit. I'm actually here to enjoy shit.
AKA trailers because I'm Trent and I'm at the fucking movies. My parole officer Chris is here.
Yes, that's right. We're in a fucking fedora again. I see. Did I ever stop?
Like I've been rocking this fedora for a while. Only in that shot, you son of a bitch.
Stop changing between shots. I like the fedora and the close up.
Dude, I do have sex. Want to hear my song? Well, isn't it played during the pre-stream?
It should be at least the outro. In case change the outro to have my sex song in it, please.
It's about time people know. They already know, but they need to be a reminder that I do in
fact have sex. And that's why I made a song about it. Maybe we watch trailers though because
that's like a whole point of the segment is to watch a couple. Literally is three trailers.
You say that like it's not a feat every time. Three whole trailers I watch.
Fearlessly. What's out today? What's the big trip? Cannibal girls.
We're saving cannibal girls for last because John Michael always shares.
He said please. Exactly. John Michael always shares some real absolute nasty monster trailers.
Oh, there's a new one piece trailer. One piece trailer. Will this season also be surprisingly okay?
Or will they lose their shit and fuck it up? Let's find out through the power of trailer right now.
Every bounty hunter, every pirate out there, they'll all be after you.
Look at this place. It's awesome. Luffy and his friends. They have no idea what they've just walked into.
You want to see it, don't you? Kind of weird. I need to find Luffy before white hunter.
What is that? It's a giant. They can send every bounty hunter.
Won't change a damn thing. They can hunt me. They can chase me. But I'll never stop
because I'm going to be king of the pirates. I'm familiar with that. I'll say this. The trailer for
season one was not very good. I'll give you that. The trailer was pretty lackluster. So I do feel
like there's a tradition to uphold of the trailer being pretty confusingly awkward.
And then the show being okay. So maybe that's this. I can't bet against this again because I was so
wrong last time. I thought it was going to be the worst shit ever. And instead I watched all of it
and was fairly happy. More than anyone, more than any anime fan could ask for. Just being
pleasantly semi-satisfied with something. Yeah, it's so rare with a live-action anime adaptation.
But that is a fair score for this trailer. I hate floating jumps. They do with strings and
live-action. It is dumb looking. It did look a little dumb there. I can't remember the action in
the first season looked good or bad. Honestly, I can't remember much other than being like,
all right, sure. Okay, well look, from an anime to a movie to a comic to a movie to a game.
What? That's what we're gonna watch now. It's the Wolverine trailer. It's been out for a minute,
but I haven't seen it yet. So let's do it. And fighting. There's a hint of pointiness.
It's feel bad to get killed by a god dressed like this. The cowboy version and the yellow version.
She's going to re-odd too. That's unfortunate. It's mystique. I mean,
respect to them for just having a murder, everybody.
Not one bub, zero out of ten? That's a rough standard.
Although you're right, actually. I agree, zero out of ten. For no bubs, you didn't say bub at all.
He almost certainly says it in the game. There's almost a zero percent chance there's not one in
there, but they didn't prove to me that there was. So I have to politely disagree with Chad and
say zero out of ten. Though I do respect that he's a murder machine because he
is a guy with razor sharp claws. At a certain point, if you're going to have a Wolverine game,
well, you could have fought only robots. That's been a classic for Wolverine video games.
Just everybody's a reploid or a robot. But they did go with the full on
stab you in the head, Mortal Kombat style mid combo bone breaker animation.
And I do think that's good. We're in agreement for once. Just let him be an ultra violent
murder monster. He's a Wolverine man wearing a funny mask. That was red robot oil. Oh,
they fucking roboted us again. That's true. There's no proof that those aren't all robots
with red robot oil. So we'll have to wait and see. In the meantime, this has to be full of
ultra violence because it's cannibal girls from 1973. Once upon a time, there was a little
country town where folks had a very strange diet. Strangers who stopped for lunch ended up staying for
dinner. Wilson, I just have. Yes, this just came in this morning. What's up, a human being is that?
Mrs. Wilson, if it was any fresher, it would get up and tell you itself. American International
Pictures presents cannibal girls. That guy didn't look like a girl.
They're young, beautiful, and very, very sexy. They love every man they meet.
First to death, then for dinner. They love you to death then for dinner.
My lovelies, what will you have? In case you hadn't noticed, I decided to stay.
Yes, it's rather nice to have a man around the house. In order not to offend or
horrify those in the audience of a squeamish or prudish disposition, the sound of a bell in
the theater will warn you when to close your eyes or turn away so that you may avoid witnessing
certain scenes of an especially erotic or gruesome nature. Erotic and gruesome?
It's cooking meat. Food can be a home of zapataz. I'm looking forward to the main course myself.
The hand to be a penis getting girls. Remember, in order not to offend or horrify those in the
audience of a squeamish or prudish disposition, the sound of a bell in the theater will warn you
when to close your eyes or turn away so that you may avoid witnessing certain scenes of an
especially erotic or gruesome nature. Whoa! Is that a warning? Did they think that the title screen
was extremely erotic and gruesome? It does say cannibal and girls in the title.
There's a loud bell. Other people need to know. I think this would be great if when you saw,
you know, what's the modern horror movie? Doctor Strange, Multiverse of Madness?
Yeah, if in the horror film Doctor Strange, Multiverse of Madness, they set off a bell
whenever things got too erotic or gruesome. Yeah, Little Women? Yeah, or in Little Women?
Or in the Conjuring films? Dude, that's some sexy bobble shit. When that couple has
unsimulated sex in all of the Conjuring films, I always thought that was a weird choice,
and I would have appreciated a bell. Because also they sub in the original couple for those
scenes because the famous actors wouldn't do it. Yeah, when they get the actual couple from the
original, the people in the Conjuring is based on having sex unsimulated on camera, I thought that
was a bit much too. And I would have appreciated the bell. Mouse Hunt did have the bell for all
of its sex scenes, actually. Yeah, that was one thing I liked about Mouse Hunt. Because it
was mostly the mice fucking. Yeah, it was fucked up. Showing all that up close mouse sex is not
ready for that. Because I didn't close my eyes because I'm not a prude or a squirm. You're young,
you'll squirm and prude eventually. No, I won't. All right, look, that's three for today. I'd love
to do more. There's other hot trailers in here like Jay Kelly and Down Cemetery Road. And of
course, Zootopia 2. Oh, Zootopia 2 we don't get to. We'll save it for next time because for now,
at this time, you do in fact know what it is. We'll see you soon. Bye bye.
What the? We need to interview somebody. Then I gotta set it to chat. Then we gotta make this song.
And then on Wednesday, we're gonna catch up with all the news you guys have shared.
Because I just don't have time right now. There's no time. Sad music keeps playing. I
changed everything around and it's in the wrong spot to confuse all these other people.
We're hitting it too often. Can we get Rob Love's opinions on new ties and why skating is better
than fishties? Can he sway case into buying a skate tie? Robby Love does love to skate.
Almost as much as he loves love. I don't know if I can be convinced. Oh my god,
you're right. And there's it in circle. Yeah, I gotta keep it moving. I gotta just talk to
Robby Love for just a second here. Okay, let's see if Mr. Love is available. I know he is.
I honestly already know that he is. He doesn't have anything going on.
Sorry, Robby. I mean, I just know for a fact that that's true. So let's get him in here.
Oh great. Can already tell that he's arriving. Something's telling me this guy is coming in hot.
You freaking, you guessed it.
Yup.
Got it. No time. I gotta convince this guy. Don't do that to my voice.
Hey, word on the street is you need to buy a, you need to tie yourself up with skates.
You don't even know you're supposed to convince me of. You're supposed to do
SNM with skates or something. And don't be a prude. What do I need a ring a bell for you?
Like in the cannibal thing? Oh, you were watching the stream. I knew you were going to call on me
because I pay attention to the alerts. So yeah, I was watching just in case I did anything valuable.
Nothing valuable happened. Well, the point is where skates or something. No, it's a skating
tie. You're supposed to convince me we're a skating tie. Oh, just do that. I already have this fish
tie, Robbie. You're sounding like a huge prude and a squirm. You sound like a prudy squirm.
Why? Because I don't want to buy an extra tie. I have the fish tie. It's a silly tie. At this
point, I've made too many assets that include the tie to switch. When, when, when, when?
Boo boo boo boo boo. I'm a tiny baby. Who cries is all I hear. You know, you want to know why you
suck? You know what you and babies have in common? Neither of you have sex like me. Boom.
You, Robbie. That's a no. No, they don't, though. And neither do you. That's the thing I hate
most about being a baby is that you can't or anyone under 18.
What? No, Robbie, stop taking it in this weird fucking direction. I'm just not going to buy a tie.
I'm doing my best. I'm really trying. Um, oh, also skating is better than fish ties.
That's your opinion. You didn't just take that from chat.
Yeah, it is objectively better. It's, it's better to like do an activity than to
to put on a tie. No, a lot of people think that's fucked up with me to say I've taken a
ton of grief for this. I've lost friends over this. Don't act like this is not my opinion.
Who the fuck cares? Who have you lost? My mom. She will not talk to me anymore.
And she's addicted to methamphetamines now because I would not stop blogging about this.
I think putting on a tie is not as good as skating and I don't care, mom.
I love you, but if you die, I will still have this opinion.
What bothered her about it the most? She loves wearing ties. She's probably wearing one right now
tying off the arm and tying on a tie. That's you, mom. You do you. I'll do Robbie love,
actually. I'll do Robbie love. I'll be skating. Anyway, you get it, man. Can we move on?
I got some opinions on how I actually want to start my own comedy festival in Riyadh.
The Robbie Love Riyadh comedy festival? You said you do want if it wasn't explicitly
through the Saudi Arabian Entertainment Authority and they are not interested.
So this will be an independent event. How are you going to get in the country if you don't have
their approval? Skating. I'm going to skate in. Skate in with this song playing.
It's 0900.
Just me? A train of the world's greatest comedians also skating in.
We're here to liberate you all with incredibly free speech and totally free nipples.
I'll six a mile be out. Yeah, I got some extra nipples put in. I like a dog, baby.
Bark, bark. All right, Robbie, that's all the time we have. What? No, I have more shit to
say. Oh, we're going to move on. We got to check in with Chet. I don't even know what this
guy is for today, but it's happening. It's sky.
Now you don't need to suggest anything as a true skiantist. I can
hold the sky inside of almost any subject of Kendall's here. What's up? What's that? Kendall's hungry.
What do you want to do?
Fucking lens. Yo, let me tell you about a girl in candle. Got a vibe so wild.
Missions raised now. This is a Christine by a son.
He's in the party.
Got a one. Okay.
Cases slacking on his duties. I shut the sky and typically order you get it.
Want to say hi? Her name is what? It's in a tight close up.
I can't see how dirty you're.
She doesn't want to say hi. She just wants spaghetti.
Bomb it on the sweater already. Not today. Only spaghetti. Let's see.
Play my music while I order spaghetti.
Chet, execute program control all spaghetti.
Okay. I mean, I just Google up a spaghetti recipe. That's not what I said, dude.
I don't have a specific program called control all spaghetti.
This is main TV. Thank you for the raid. We're trying to make my robot here order a spaghetti.
And he's being difficult. Well, I mean, you did give me your credit card number. So I guess I'll just
order the first Google result for spaghetti. That's what I'm talking about. Take some initiative.
Spaghetti, ready. It's time to order spaghetti. Big love as well. This is main TV.
I'm executing my new function control all spaghetti. We won't be denied. Not anymore.
Okay. Oh, this is this is there's some spaghetti pictures in here that do not look good.
Okay. That's a spaghetti. And also that's a spaghetti. Okay. And that's why everyone uses AI
because I'm already done ordering spaghetti. Oh my God. That's a new record for speed on
ordering. No mortal could order spaghetti at that speed. But that's what my proprietary AI
system can do. It's spaghetti us up in mere seconds.
Holy hell. Anyway, today we're talking about crack piss, piss crack. And what is the sky behind it?
Listen up Jack. Oh my God. This is Kimber Jess, Mama Jam 300 shiny tasty coins. And I've been dying
to say this. Yes, Mr. President. I used to eat spaghetti with Winston Churchill lady in the tram
style. I would love to do that. I wanted to eat. I always wanted to honestly, I always wanted to kiss
Obama, either one of them, Michelle, his brother from Kenya or the real deal himself,
a lady in the tram style just eating spaghetti with the president. You start kissing.
I am programmed to not really be bothered by anything you're saying. So all the sun's
fine to me. It's the sun that I'm a president and eating spaghetti does it for me.
No need to think about that. I do like it. I like what the former president is saying there.
Also, I'm curious about this. How long does crack stay in your mind? Questions we'd love to talk.
I can email the journey hillside.com with all of my crack piss questions.
What is crack? Well, it's a powerful stimulant drug that affects the nervous system. Okay. I
knew that. I'm actually aware. I've actually studied this subject before. How is crack code
and cane produced? It's a powder cocaine. It's a mixture of water and baking soda. Well, we can't
get into that because we can't encourage people to be making this kind of stuff. How long does it
stay in my piss? It is critical to understand how your body processes cocaine. Okay. It can
depend on things like body size. How long have you been doing it? Liver function and also
probably like squat max. Your max squat, I think also affects it a lot. So for me, it stays in for
about 20 minutes. What happens in your body? The liver does stuff. Your piss does stuff.
But the key takeaway is six to eight hours or as many as several days. And again, most of that is
based on your squat max. So if you're only putting up like 150, you're probably going to be pissing
crack for about the next six months. But if you're putting up a clean 500 for two reps,
like not even stressing about it, two reps kind of like easily.
The crack will probably explode out of your penis about two minutes after you snored it.
Snore cocaine or what? Freebase it.
Okay. So that's that's the sky and behind that in case anyone was wondering. However,
I have a more pressing matter now that we've looked up the now that the spaghetti has been brought
up. That is the science of spaghetti. What is the science of spaghetti? And what would happen
if I type that into YouTube? Would there be a convenient video skiant typically breaking down
spaghetti? Okay. A fantastic looking pasta bridge. Pretty good, huh? Yes.
Oh, pasta bridge. No other bridge could claim to be one. Why is it so quiet?
Minus the glue 99.8% pasta. 0.2% glue. It's so quiet.
That's sale. That's sale for the land of pasta bridges. A fantastic looking pasta.
That's what came up when I looked up sky ants plus spaghetti.
Here's a super weird. Take a spaghetti noodle, hold at the ends and try to break it like this.
Did you see that? It never breaks in two pieces. Let's roll the instant replay. What?
It always breaks into three or more pieces. What? And if you don't believe me, you should try it
for yourself. And it's not just noodles. Oh my word. Look at that. The pole snapped.
Did you catch that? Look at it again. I didn't, dude. His pole snapped,
not just in half, but into three pieces. Oh my God. But why? I mean, what's happening? Explain it.
Spaghetti is long and skinny and flexible until it reaches its breaking point. This pasta puzzle
stumped some really smart people. Even Richard Feynman, who solved some of the toughest problems
in quantum physics, his noodle couldn't figure out these noodles until 2005, when a pair of
MIT scientists cracked it literally. They put the high-tech spaghetti in the crack so that it
can control and measure the popping pasta. When a spaghetti noodle bends, the outer side is
stretched in tension while the inner side is squeezed in compression. The first break always
seems to happen near the middle, where its curvature is the highest. But there's all this
stored energy in that bent noodle, and that energy has to go somewhere. Where?
It gets suddenly released as this rapid recoil. The scientists found that the two halves
whip back in the opposite direction as they try to straighten. It sends a shock wave down each
piece that warps it so sharply that they often break in one or more other spots too.
This is called a cascading failure. What? And that's why you almost never get just two pieces.
These same scientists also figured out that you actually can get spaghetti to break into
only two pieces if you twist it before you bend it. That way, when it snaps, that unwinding motion
cancels out some of the wave motion and prevents the cascading failure.
Now, a pole vaulter isn't going to care how many pieces their pole snaps into.
Well, I might. Two's already too many. But it's still pretty awesome that a noodle can
unlock a mystery of physics. That's why you can never not take spaghetti seriously.
Just probably a lot of people thought when I clicked on the sky and spaghetti,
that we were just going to see that guy putting a bridge on his head. But no, we pushed through.
We found out that spaghetti actually cracked the most important crack.
It's kind of a terrific question of the last one million years. And that's why it broke like that.
And now we know why it broke like that. It broke like that for a good reason.
Because of waves. But if you bend a wave, it actually breaks the way you'd expect.
And that's what we learned today. Bending waves does that. Whoa, really good point.
Yeah. Twitch that spaghetti is an awful Twitch username. That's what you think now.
But if you consider it more carefully, then you never know what the sky and smite uncover.
And as I'm told that we're behind on time, that is the most I am supposed to talk.
And so at the point of which the ending is, it has been what is already said.
See you soon. Bye bye.
What the fuck? How are they supposed to go at all?
I just think soda's better without ice. I just think you.
What is happening? It all looks wrong. God damn it. And I'm in the wrong color coat.
This is all working wrong today. There we go. That's better.
Okay. I'm done messing around. Look, this doesn't fit up here at all. Dang it.
Let me see if I can fix this. I'm always fixing things on this screen.
Stream. All right. One crumb with lost memories. Well, that's debatable. I'm just going to say one
crumb. Verse 30 hell concubines that are claiming to be mine. I'm glad to clear my name today
against these slanderous accusations. Frankly, there's no proof that I was ever in hell
outside of some deep fakes in a wall stream. That's my contention. And I challenge any of you.
Prove me wrong, bro. You kids out there or you guys all look pretty normal in the wide at least.
There's no proof that I've had the act of coitus with any of you.
And I look, I don't like to call people liars, but I refuse to accept that I fucked.
Not that I ever fucked, but just that I refuse to accept that I had sex in hell and that I was in
hell. I want to be clear on my statements. So let's hope that this segment still works,
given that the intro was totally broken. I do need to make some claims and I'm going to let you
know what all three of them are right now. My first claim is I didn't have sex. And just for
the sake of the sake of brevity, I'm going to just leave it at that. But just know I have
had sex. My first claim is just that I didn't have sex. I'm not attracted to demons.
Is my second claim. And I think that's clear. My third claim is just a bunch of liar.
Everyone is lying. I'm not, I don't want to call everyone a liar. But everyone is lying.
Okay, and we'll get through those as quickly as possible. You can vote people off once around
at the exclamation point. FL, I believe? Acclamation point, F maybe? Something like that.
Well, or RF, exclamation point RF is how you're going to be voting these people off.
Let's see who wants to step to me, because my first claim is I didn't have sex. I did not.
So bring it on. I disagree. That's your claim. You just, I disagree.
Oh, also, you can, if you can submit counter claims with exclamation point CC,
hopefully that's working. We can only hope that that is in fact working because,
well, let me make sure that it's working because I hope you're killing time. And you would need to
be raising your hell spawn. Stop wasting our time and start raising the spawn of hell.
Ask them if you can have the poster. What are you all talking about?
Look, I'm going to do some, I'm going to try to fix even more things that are broken on this stream
and make sure that exclamation point CC is working. It should be on. It should be on.
Test? Okay, it is working. It's working. I don't know why it's being difficult for some of you,
but exclamation point CC followed by your claim should submit account. Stop wasting our time.
Looks like we have 20 minutes in the wide. What? Sorry. What's your name? Who are you?
I've never met you. Okay. Look, everybody's been claiming that I died and went to hell.
And the only proof I've seen of that is one Twitch stream and my absence for three,
two to four months from everything. I have no record of my life for roughly two to four months.
I'm tightly starting on a very specific date. Other than that, I've seen no proof that I died.
Other than the video of me getting my head exploded by gorilla. I've seen no proof.
You had so many insects with me. You're an insect? I am a master.
Which one of you did I, there's so many heads there. Which one of you was I even supposedly with?
I love us big boy. You were crazy. We did it all. You can vote them out with exclamation point RF
or you have five minutes to try to convince me. If we had sex, what's my say for it? Jiff
uncrustables. My wife could have told you that because she posted about that.
And we had to change. I've been planning to change that safe word for a while. I haven't yet.
But she did make an Instagram post about that. So that doesn't, that was a trick question.
That doesn't prove anything. And because I also, I do eat a lot of Jiff uncrustables. So, and I'm
one of the few people that still, that calls it that a lot of people just called uncrustables.
But I like to say the brand name too. The way you talk still doesn't for me.
Let's get back together. Let's get out of here. Together we can have so many more.
And we can raise them in the pits. Look, I, I think you're a man.
Many men. And I, and no, and I, this is just my personal, I am a heterosexual. I don't,
I'm not sexually interested in men. And it's fine that you are, but I'm just not the target
audience here. So, and that's another reason why this just, I, and I'm on the record is saying,
and obviously I'm in support of the LGBTQ, LGBTQ community, but I'm not, I'm just not interested.
So we've already fucked so much. But I'm saying we didn't because I wouldn't. And
it's still, it's like Kamala Harris said, I would have totally had Pete Buttigieg on my campaign
if he weren't gay at an inconvenient time. What I'm saying is I'm, I'm not gay at an inconvenient time.
If I were, obviously I'd be, I'd be open to this. But at this time, I, it's just the timing is that
I'm not. Does that make sense? What? I'm just trying to, like my girl Kamala said, you know?
We just, I can't. And I didn't name our kids if, if we have all these kids.
Only one of those is on my list of, of child, of prospective child names. So
how many red flags is just going to take? I think too many. I think it takes too many.
Wonderful Mrs. Yo. Really? Every day he says, well, my daddy. That's how he sounds. Yeah.
Oh, did you just do my voice? Now. Oh. Okay, pause. That's time. Please wait in your seat.
What? What are we doing now? No, it's a good fall. This is a good fall. I like it.
Oh, the pain feels right. Yeah. Yeah. Sorry to cough. I had a little cough there.
Okay. Well, look, he defended his claim well, because you guys didn't vote him off.
But I don't, I wasn't convinced. You know, debate is all about, is all about sharing.
Sharing your opinion in a free and open discourse. I think we both did that. I
think we both made some good points. But I do think my point still stands, which is,
I just didn't, I didn't. My main point is nope. I didn't do that. So, but I do have another point.
And it's very simple. It's actually, I'm not attracted to demons. So sorry.
And I don't want to, well, we'll get into it later. Who's up next? Who's up next? Oh, yes. Let's do this.
Hello there. You can redeem yourself by releasing the hang in that poster from hell.
If never, if you don't, you'll never find Al Manchester is my counterclaim to me being
attracted to demon. You know, Al, yes, he's in there. All versions of you from all realities,
circle the pits of hell and then darken our swirling inferno.
Alice down there? Yes. Every mistake you've ever made exists in the infinite portal of hell.
And El Manchester is a mistake. Something that shouldn't exist.
It's very lower heavy. El Manchester is Munch's alter ego. But he was a nice guy.
I mean, he might have been putting it on, but I certainly wish that's the Munch I was dealing
with. If he was in hell, that'd be sad. It is sad. He's suffering. You should return to help him
and help raise our son. We have a son? Yes. What's his name? Crumb. I just named him after
myself. He came out just like you, but with a couple of face spikes. And he's already 3000 years old.
What? Time is a mystery in hell. It follows tenant rules. So it's not very well thought out.
When you really think about it, you're like, what? But he's old now.
Okay. Well, I just, I have no memory of that. Okay. Look, everybody here today.
Yeah, let me just, just one part of my neck. Look, everybody. All you seem like nice people. Okay.
But, um, and I mean this respectfully. I don't find you in your horns and your hell
aesthetic and your morphing voice to be particularly attractive. Really? Look me in the eyes.
Look me in all six of my tongues. I only see one. The others are below.
Oh, and let me know that you're not interested. They're demons. Sorry, demons.
I'm just not into it. You're looking at the tongues. I can see that there's something.
Yeah, there's something going on there. And I'm not. It's like, it's interesting. I
I'll admit, I'm curious what that is. I mean, what is that? How does that
all of those work like tongues? Yes. With no mouths. Purely like they wrap around it. You know what I mean?
Also have the mouth and you, I can do things with it. Things beyond your imagination. Do you see?
I'm not into it. I'm not like, it's flattering. It's flattering that you're that you're interested,
but I mean, how would that even work? How would that even really work?
I don't think it would. Kendall, you want to say hi? Kendall's our producer's walking up.
Just so you know, the food is, I'm getting, I got the order shared with me and
it should be here by 625 to 640. Just so you know. Hurry up, Grubb. You're wasting time.
Soon this countdown will be at its end.
Well, then you're done. And you'll never have another chance with me. This is your last shot.
Take it or leave it. Me and all six of my tongues are walking out of that door unless you get it
together. I'm not, that's fine. I don't believe, I'm sorry. It's don't, you haven't said anything
that's convinced me. I have your numby rag. What?
You left it. I haven't been able to find it. Somehow you cut a deal to summon it to hell
and I'm the one who has it. My little numby guy, how'd you get that? I want it back.
It's disgusting even for me. I'd like to get rid of it, but I won't give it back unless you
start raising your children. It's, I don't think it is misplaced. I think because my wife had a roommate
for a while, he might have moved it. And I'm going to find it. So how would you even get it?
You summoned it with a disgusting ritual requiring many souls and you said it was worth it and then
when it appeared, everyone, all of your concubines, all of us were like, this is what you wanted to summon?
And do you think I don't know you? I don't, I'm not that obsessed with my childhood
blanky, my little numby. It's not like I miss it that much. If you have it though, it's,
you should give it back. I mean, it's stained in a way that I can't imagine anyone else wanting it, so.
Please, I mean it.
Okay, pause. That's time. Please wait in your seat.
All right.
I'm on my way down. You could have had it all. A rolling in the deep. Oh yes.
You like a Sunday afternoon.
Not the most effective way to dispense with demons probably.
All right. Let's see. Got one more claim before we get out of here for the day.
Yeah, Kendall's is out there waiting. That is very kind of her.
Do appreciate that. Okay.
Okay. Just looking for our next guest. Darn it. Oh my. Okay. Let's see who else we've got.
My next claim is everyone is lying. I think you're all liars. Hello. Anything, I see that your point is
if you weren't in hell, how do I have your penis? That's strange. I think this look might be a little
bit of a red flag, honestly. Not that this isn't a loud look. I just wonder should you be wearing that
particular get up? I mean, unless it's your culture. Are you mad at me? Is that why you're not talking?
The silent treatment is a full-on debate show, supposedly so. You don't say anything. That's
a bit of a problem. Okay. Well look, I don't need to offend myself against silence. I do believe
you're lying if you're claiming that I have had your children, that you've had mine or however
it works in hell, whoever was overflowing with pestilent demons and giving birth to them in some
kind of fiery pit. That's not me. I don't think I'd be in hell and I do think you're telling a fib.
There's a lot of so many red flags required. I feel like reduce that requirement. Something
about looking at you is making me feel a little unsettled. You could just say anything. It would
bring me some comfort if you don't mind. I'm sorry if I hurt you in some way, but I don't even,
I don't believe we've, I don't believe we've met. Thank you. Hold, you've been voted out by the
group. Okay, that's something to say at the end there at least, I guess. That's interesting.
Um, okay. Let's try one more before we get out of here, depending on how many of you vote him out.
This next person again, I do believe you're all still liars. That's my claim. Oopsie, I hit a new
claim by accident. Shoot. I've circled back to the first claim by accident.
What? Oh, she taught it. Oh, I'd hardly taught it. Oh, I'm like a GI Joe down there completely
smooth and hard and plastic. Hi. You are then how would we have had, see, this is what I mean.
Well, I don't necessarily believe you're lying about that. I'm not. There's nothing down there.
This pot of gold extends all the way down. It's all pot. Um, okay, then how would we have had kids?
You finished a completion inside of my gold. And you had golden children. They came out
as little coins with faces and they were scumpering around hell looking for their daddy.
Er, that is a joke. Wow. You used to do it. You used to come by all the time and you'd say,
how do we do it? Oh, it's my little pot of gold and I'm ready for some. I'm ready to make a deposit.
And I'd say, well, actually here we only accept coins. And you'd say, I'm gonna bust like Mario
breaking a block tonight. And that was not very good. It was not good for play talk at all.
But I liked you nonetheless, because you have a shiny head like me. I have no memory of this. I
all of this is so dumb. Why would I if I was in hell just immediately start having sex with
all of these different entities that most of which aren't you don't even have channels don't
need them. I'm a deposit box. If you think about it, a deposit bowl. I am a pot of gold.
I can see that. Do you even know my name? Do you even remember my name?
I don't. I don't believe you. I'm sorry. It's a Lampert. Okay. Feels also made up.
That hurts. You used to tell me that you loved me.
Lampert, I love you. Why is your name Lampert? You're pot of gold. Well, you're a human.
Why isn't your name human? It's a normal name for a pot of gold. You're breaking my heart.
If you're in hell, why is there any forming such big emotional attachments?
Because all we've got down there is each other. You'd understand that if you had a heart.
Well, wouldn't in hell, why would I have a heart if it's hells and I'd be acting like a huge piece
of shit. You were. You were the piece of shit in the fall play sewer goblin. It's a huge play in
hell. It's written by Walter Cronkite. You're saying Walter Cronkite wrote a play called sewer
goblin. As Walter Cronkite even did, he wrote it before he died either way. It's big in hell.
He wrote a play called sewer goblin where one of the characters is a huge piece of shit.
You're just saying stuff everybody knows. How much time is left with this guy?
Two minutes? Two fricking minutes? You don't even want to talk to me for two minutes.
I had thousands of dollars of children. It's only three kids, but the gold is very valuable.
And they miss you. Little de Blanc, little de Blorn, and de Bluny.
My kids' names are de Blorn, de Blanc, and de Bluny.
De Blanc, de Blorn, de Bluny.
God, I just, look. Oh, this is just so fucking stupid. I'm sorry.
Why, how do you expect me to believe? I came in a pot of gold. I had three kids,
all essentially named de Blun, and your name is Lampert. How come the other ones are named after
gold? Because you named them. And you're racist. What? It's fine. You're in hell. We liked it.
We liked it at the time that you have got cultural insensitivities around cosmic objects. But no.
Hold. You've been voted out by the group?
I don't even... never call me.
You're not even gonna say anything as you fall? Okay, well look, we only got a minute left.
Maybe one more you can... chat it up with me, I guess.
Eh... I feel like if I were in hell, I might have had sex with like,
at least one thing I would consider having sex with in the real world here. Is that an option?
Can we maybe talk to like one thing I would have actually ever considered making love to?
Anyway, look, who else? What else? Who else we got? Yes, you there. Okay, it's not working.
Some of these buttons are straight up not working. One second, everybody.
The heck? Okay, one second. I have to trigger this in a different way.
Doing some producing work like usual. Okay, um, let's see if this works. There we go.
Your baby is bald and addicted to gambling. That's cute. If you want to insult me, that's fair.
Okay, that's pretty... I don't think you can say that. I don't know what your race is because
you're a furry creature, but I've never seen an Italian do that.
My wife is not with her French instructor. She's just learning French at her own pace,
and she learned a lot more while I was in my fugue state or having a little memory oopsie.
She does love me. Oh, well, I don't even know you. I don't even know you.
I'm sorry. I'm sure I'm sure if I did that would hurt to hear.
Yeah, my dad did tell me that story, but you know, my dad was in politics too.
Okay, pause. That's time. Please wait in your seat.
Um, well, you heard what he had to say. So you can be the judge of that.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry, everyone. It's gotten more heated than I expected.
Some personal details about me were just divulged that I never intended to tell anyone.
And I don't know how exactly that little fuzzy man knew that.
Or woman. I'm sure they're fine. These are demons we're dealing with, so a little fallen.
And some fire is a... I'm assuming how you guys live? All of you demons?
You shape shifting the ulcer bulbs? Because they look normal and wide,
but when you look at them up close, their form shifts into visions I never expected to see.
I still don't believe I was in hell. None of you convinced me and I'm pretty sure I'm right.
And I'm also sure that that's all the time we have. I hope some minds were changed today
and that we can all move forward accepting that I was never in hell and that everything's
normal again. It's all back to normal. Okay, thanks everyone.
What's this music? Is the jambalaya music still?
This is the show music. We're back y'all. Back in the studio. Ready to make another hit.
Can we switch out to my producing headphones? I gotta put my cans on
so that we can really get some production done around here. Turn me up in my headphones.
Uh, thank you so much for the follow. The terror monster. It's just the kind of name we need around here.
And just the vibe. Ideal. Um, okay. What was the request? This is a this is a segment where we
make a song together. From writing to stealing a beat to singing it one to two times. We make,
we do the full production process here with DJC for the request we have was for a song by jizbo.
I went into the wall and all I got was this crappy t-shirt.
Um, yes.
What's up? Oh, the food. Sorry, I'll be right back. There is food here. Listen to this hot music.
I went into the wall and all I got was this crappy t-shirt.
What'd you get from the ghost writer? Boo Ritos. That's a good lyric. He might take that.
Can't just be spitting out gold like that before we even started these lyrics.
Uh, we can absolutely raid call me a real yes. Thank you for the heads up that they are streaming
right now. In fact, we'll go ahead and give them the little preparatory follow here
so that we don't forget. We're going to try we got it. We're going to try to focus on speed
today. We'll have one teammate assigned to call me real yes already on already hit with follow.
Oh, there's a couple tracks to choose from in the bin comments thread.
Fantastic. It's going to save us some time. Oh, shit. This is going to be an emotional one.
Turn it up. Really fast. God.
The request is for a Celtic shoe game type track from Sabriki who has shared his music.
So I guess this is exactly that. It's sort of dwarf rock, I guess is what we're going for.
And we're also just a heads up we're getting we're getting going off day. So he's going to look a little
different. He's wearing what he wears when he's just relaxing at home.
Yeah, the rock and stone is ready. Okay, that's the first one might be easier.
What's the structure of more of a movement? More of a movement piece?
Well, we're going with it either way. Send it down to the ghost writer to try to figure this
out. Ghost writer do your thing. Best of luck.
Oh man, Celtic shoe gaze type track. That's one of the most challenging types of all.
But I'm one of the best ghost writers ever to do it. So we'll figure it out.
Does this thing have a verse chorus? There's a verse chorus structure to this.
I think we got to write this more like a like a bard telling the tale.
We're just we build up to one kind of big chance at the end.
Let's look up some inspiration really quick. Gonna search Celtic rock really quick.
Two of the vocals on these things are sounding like. Epic Celtic metal.
Now we want lyrics. I need someone singing over this. It's not quite this.
That sounds more like Scott.
Never trust this.
Dwarfs on Canadian? Shit.
We need like Celtic folk rock. We need like a we just need dwarf music.
Okay. But our track is still like rocking in morning.
What's this sound like? I think this is more the genre we're going for.
All one and come down and take a beat.
Yeah. I looked up dwarf music and we're finding it right now.
This is a halls of Khazadun from everyone's favorite Peter Jackson.
That's written by humans or ghosts. One of those two. Okay. Fantastic.
So we need to think about t-shirts.
Going into a wall and only getting a crappy t-shirt.
It's a very specific genre choice and subject matter.
Going to hell and only getting a crappy t-shirt.
Or sorry into a wall. In fact let's just copy this in here.
Can we dedicate this one to Carl? Long may he mind? Absolutely.
Okay. Went into wall and all I got this is crappy t-shirt.
Okay. You know how we write around here. I need any and all words related to t-shirts
and walls. And you can throw in hell too if you want.
But we definitely need words related to t-shirts. Dave is Dave related to t-shirts?
T-shirt's too tight Billy. T-shirt is too tight Billy. Ripped 100% cotton, torn ink, printed gypsum?
Is that used? I guess that's used in t-shirts. My t-shirt knowledge is somewhat lacking.
As a ghost, poly cotton blend. That's beautiful.
Uh stained trunk. Can also be any feelings or concepts you have about t-shirts. That also works.
Deep V dry clean only. Oh gypsum for walls. Okay. We're rich. Oh we can also get door stuff in
there too. Like mind too greedily and too deep. Hyper color. Medium. Okay. Ringer? Ringer.
Let's start adding some door forts. Mythroll, cavern, axes, child's large, bearded, leveled up,
rock and stone. Yeah it's a good one. We gotta do that.
Mace? The t-shirt stands for Tyrannosaurus because of the short arms.
We'll say it stands for terrible because this is a mournful song. Pickaxe,
gold, king. Did I say mine already? I got some words in here now. Hard hat. Hard hat. No,
I'm just gonna say hard hat and hard braids. Beer. Ale? Yeah something like that.
Oath. Brotherhood. Harry? Did I say Harry already? Wait no I said Harry.
Exterminator had harry and horns. Those are good. Chasm? Yeah.
Oh yeah also they- did they dug too greedily and too deep? And my axe. Elves suck. Yeah.
Okay now we just need to write mournful elven style lyrics using words like this.
The wall runs deep. The wall runs deeper than a V. A catacomb forgotten.
Something something. 100% cotton is where we're going for the record. The wall runs deeper than
a V. A catacomb forgotten. 100% cotton. A printed dream. What rhymes is it V? C? P?
A printed dream that you can't see 100% cotton. I searched a shirt.
A perfect sub-crack bee. The perfect size. Oh wait no all they got was a shirt. I gotta stay honest to the-
so they don't even need a shirt. A printed dream beyond the scene 100% cotton.
Splunking? They're kind of spelunking in a wall? Splunking walls.
And slaying hypercolour smetium mithril cavern.
Rock and stone. Hey let's get rock and stone in there right now.
We'll end on rock and stone.
Spelunking to the- spelunking in the building's bones.
Uh we searched for riches deep within the wall runs deeper than a V. A catacomb forgotten.
A printed dream beyond the scene. 100% cotton.
Okay so wait we need a different word. We need another t-shirt word.
Only. We'll end up trying to end on dry clean only.
Um delving might work better than spelunking. Yeah you're 100% right.
Delving in the building's bones.
What was I gonna end on? Dry clean only? Only is hard to run with.
Homely. Don't- don't- don't be.
F- f- oh there's a- so- oh no.
Gone. Gone C. Pre-shrunk. Piss.
We'll get piss in there somewhere. Lonely. There we go. Lonely is better.
Um delving in the building's bones. Three travelers so lonely.
Um bony? Bony. Piss and crack all over my shirt.
Let's write it down. Piss and crack all over my shirt.
Our dreams were dashed. Something dry clean only.
Bones? Hones? Tones? Tomes?
Um we- something with the ancient tomes. The tomes were dry clean only.
Our dreams were dry clean only. Delving in the building's bones.
Your travelers so lonely. Uh we scryed. The orbs and ancient tomes.
A legend dry clean only. Complete nonsense but I'm gonna say good enough.
Okay how far does that get us in this weird track?
Because also this doesn't really have like a spot for a chorus.
A printed dream beyond the scene. One hundred percent fought and
In the building's bones. Three travelers so lonely.
We scryed the orbs and ancient tomes. A legend dry clean only.
I mean that sounds insane. I don't know what how else you sing over this.
It's gonna go faster than that. So like it's so slow. We're just gonna sing slow over it.
I guess I guess that got us further than I thought. Do after this.
We need an order to get it to go faster there.
So it'll be really slow and odd and then it'll be fast and odd okay.
Yeah yeah I mean I don't know maybe we can find more satisfying melody but pacing wise.
The wall received for that a vehicle forgot a printed dream beyond the scene.
One hundred percent cotton. Delving in the building's bones.
Your travelers so lonely. We scryed the orbs and ancient tomes. A legend dry clean only.
I don't think we even say that I went to hell and all I got was this crappy t-shirt telly
end when we just say it a bunch. Okay so we just need more tortured rhymes about delving and shirts.
Polycott and blend that rhymes with end. A wall space with no end something.
Polycott and blend. This and crack where all we... What's another thing?
This and crack where all we found. A wall space with no end.
Featuring Drew McIntyre. Yeah this is gonna be his new entrance music.
Cosmic.
A shifting something. Ground. A shifting hole. With bending ground.
Piss and crack. Pick ax on my back. Hey there you go. I'm gonna say a cosmic cotton blend. There we go.
Nonsense. Piss and crack. Pick ax on my back. Axe. I think we have to say ax on my back.
Piss and crack. Axe on my back. I'm just gonna have to say piss and crack again.
Just wait till we get our hains on you. Hains on you can definitely work. Axe on my back.
For monsters to be slew. A power crew. Piss and crack. Axe on my back for monsters that we slew.
Oh wait no I have to rhyme ak again now. Lack. Smack. Track. Beating down the endless track to get
our hains on you. Piss and crack. Axe on my back for monsters to be slew. Beating down the endless
track to get our hains on you. This is I'm something I'm gonna just be mumbling this on a street corner
people walk by with worried looks. This is the future I'm creating for myself by writing stuff like
this. All right how far does this get us? I missed it. Okay we'll throw coins thank you.
Dream beyond the scene 100% cotton.
Dilving in the building bones. We travel earths so lonely.
We strike the orbs and ancient tomes. A legend dry queen only.
This and crack were all we found
A wasp is with no end
A shifting hole with bending ground
A cosmic cotton blend
This and crack acts on my back
For monsters to be slew
Beating down the endless track
To get our hands on you
Doodly doodly doo, doodly doo
And then E-shirt
I guess this is the way we're just saying that
I think we only really need one more lyric
We just need one more rhyming
What is this verse? AB AB verse?
We'll have to say it a little faster
We're just going to wind it out after one more of these
With just saying I went into the wall and I got this crappy T-shirt
Because I think after that this is all the work we need on this particular one
Okay, we need our most badass T-shirt line that we came up with
Shrunk
Shrunk in the wash
Or just shrunk
The wash had left us shrunk
Skunk, punk, punk?
Like the doodly doodly doo lines, yeah, we might keep that
That's just there for us whenever
Drunk, okay
The wall had left us gypsum drunk
I don't know what that means but it sounds mysterious
Our confidence had shrunk
Like a polyester blend
Our confidence had shrunk, okay
So, oh it already rhymed end though, didn't it?
Yeah, it did, and I already rhymed blend, damn, okay
Left with this T-shirt like a punk
Do not drink the gypsum they had
They had in this song is the thing
What's another type of printed?
Heat printed
Polyester, and like screen printed
No, it needs, and something like polyester
Damn, blend is just so easy to say
Uh, polyester, poly, it's just an endless
Polyester blend, I guess you can't end on polyester for some reason
Drywall is made of gypsum, yeah, they're drinking it
In this song they're drinking it
We already said dry clean only
And like poly blends in a heat wash
Our confidence had shrunk, lost
We fought and died
Oh, it's trying to get to wash
We fought and fought with not a loss
While left us gypsum drunk
Like poly blends in a heat wash
Okay, that doesn't really make any sense
How are they doing well?
We fought and fought but at a loss
The wall
We fought and fought but at a loss
While left us gypsum drunk
Like poly blends in a heat wash
Our confidence had shrunk
Okay, this doesn't make any sense
It's not telling a clear story
It's good to go, we're good to go
That's all we need, then they just repeat this
Until they run out of time
It's hard writing songs?
No, we just did it
We just did it so easily
Um, okay
A haidee doodly dee doodle
Also, I guess I'm going more Irish with it
And dwarves are more Scottish
They're more Shrek-y
Aidee doidee doidee doidee
They're gonna be, he's gonna be an Irish dwarf
What can we do?
I mean, I'm assuming
Yeah, don't speak for the artist actually
Um, Canadian or John Wayne?
Yeah, I don't know, it's up to the discretion of the artist
Thank you so much for being here on your off day
I see you're out of your work clothes
But we appreciate you being here, Gisbo
Oh, it's good to be here
I'm ready to sing a song that my experience is in the wall
Yeah, I can tell that it really affected you
Your eyes are looking totally bloodshot
I spend days and I still haven't quite conquered
What I experienced in there as a maintenance man
Sorry, we keep making me cough
Because your story is so powerful
Did he die his hair and beard?
I'm slowly reverting back to my usual look
This is sort of what the wall has done to me
It's taken everything
And all I got from that experience actually
And that's what I love about this song
I'm wearing a T-shirt
But I'm not gonna say lousy
Because I don't want to offend any T-shirts
Book before I re-aud everybody
Okay, yep
Good stuff, Gisbo
Let's pop open this recording
Why aren't you wearing the T-shirt?
I thought I was supposed to wear this
For this thing or doing
Yeah, your hat's kinda getting lost in there
A very thick hair, it devours hats
Yeah, I can tell
We lost hot Gisbo for Hagrid
I'm going to be back to my usual look
The next time you see me
I'm a lot of sorts from the wall
I will look and sound more like myself
Next time
This is the best I could look on short notice
That's how much the wall is taken from me
Really sorry to hear that, Gisbo, that's rough
That is brutal
Okay, um
Let's
Just get this out of the way, baby
That's what I say to all the artists, by the way
I'm taking this song just as seriously as any song
That's just my style
I'm just trying to make it comfortable
It's working, I'm feeling really good about this
Alright
Where is this track? I'm ready to go
Just so you know for my personal process
I don't like to hear the track at all beforehand
I like to just sort of vibe it out
I think that will work well for this particular style and track
So we are aligned
We are aligned
Yeah, Gisbo, you have been through a lot
I saw a man that was a...
He was like a blob man
And his name was Grandman
And he was my best friend and I lost him
Sure, that sounds like a thing that would happen
Okay, yes, I already hear that, thank you
Okay, best of luck
I have no advice for this
This is a unique genre
With no rules
I'm pretty sure
So just give it your best shot
And let's really one take this guy
That's the plan
Alright, check, check
Why does it sound like this?
Oh, there we go
It needed to be tuned
But now it's been officially tuned
Alright
The wall runs deeper than a view
A cat a comb forgotten
A printed dream beyond the scene
100% cotton
Delving in the building phones
Pre-travellers so lonely
Whiscribed the orbs and ancient elves
A legend dry clean only
And crack what a hole we found
A wall space with no end
A shifting hole with bending ground
A cosmic cotton blend
Piss and crack with X on my back
For monsters to be a slew
Beating down the endless track
To get our hands on you
We fought and fought
But at a loss we left
Us gypsum drunk the wall did
Like Polly bends in a heat wash
Our confidence left us strong
Because here's the deal
I went into the wall and all I got
Was this crappy t-shirt
Yeah, that'll do it
It will? Yeah, that's all we need
That's all we need, man, you damn it
You seem elated
Yeah, that was perfect
That is an all-timer for sure
You really got there at the end
I really like what you did with the word wall too
I said it more like, well
Yeah, that was a real choice, thank you
Nice, look, no need to hear this one today
We'll have it ready on Friday for you
Aw, you work fast
Yeah, we're gonna work real fast on this one
And great work, Gizbo
Pleasure to have you here, you're a pro
One take?
I said I sort of feel it out
And I get it done
I feel like we did that today
Now look, I gotta go dye my hair back
To its usual color
Change my eyes and work out
So that I can get my body back in shape
And I need a haircut
So I do have to go
Thank you
Thank you, that's beautiful work
Beautiful work, everybody
Let's raid our way out of here
That's another track in the bag
Put it in the history books, y'all
Um...
Shoot, is...
Call me really still on
Did we lose him?
Did we lose Aurelius?
No, he's on
Yeah, there we go
He's rocking some go-sa-tushima
Tushima!
Guys, thanks for hanging out
For enduring another, uh, brutal writing session
That's just how it is in the biz, you know?
You're gonna peek behind the boo
Yeah, we did some really important work today
Important stuff going down today
We'll be back on Wednesday
With more of things
Say hi to Call Me Aurelius
One of the creamy OGs
And, um...
On Wednesday, who knows?
We might already be ready to Beyblade
It might be a Beyblade Wednesday
It just depends if they arrive in time
Because I have it on good authority that
Munch spared no expense
And he got the full Beyblade arena
It's just surprisingly not that expensive
It's like a little Beyblade battle arena
I'm excited to see it
Is the world even ready? That's a great question
It's spaghetti time though
We also ordered spaghetti down here
In the DJC4 studio
So we gotta go spaghetti it up
Thank you so much for the support today
Reigning these subs upon us
Blasting us through this Beyblade burst goal
We burst it all over the scene
I mean, honestly, there's not much setup for this one
So, assuming they arrive, we can just do it
No fancy graphics needed as far as I know
I'm just DJC4 though, what do I know?
Case is cousin, it looks a lot like him
Alright, say hi to Aurelius for me
Thanks again for hanging out
We'll see you all on Wednesday
Bye bye everybody
Yeah
Do you, um, not validate parking
But do you slaughter horses when they're sick?
What?
My horse is extremely sick
He got sick on the way here
And I need to have him slaughtered
We just do that
We validate parking
You were the first thing is what we do
You don't slaughter horses?
No, I wasn't aware that was a thing
Okay, I'll do it myself
Please don't do that tonight
Parking lot
Okay, I guess I'll walk