Peter, not only is the chorus. No! I've disliked my own? Yeah, that's what the lyrics say. Well, I'm shaping my wall, and that's all I bear. Things can change. I quit our strings, but he's resigned.
Oh, I blew it. We're live in 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. Let's do this! I'm a Peter!
Hello, everybody. Good to see you. We're actually live at one o'clock. At this rate, maybe I can keep a schedule.
Skymer, Junk Dog Gearless, Joe Nomad, Bee Grendel, Ray, Silva, Entity Exterminator, Radlam, Bundle Sprout. I see some people in here.
Street Marine. Oh, baby. King of Bacon. Matt Liddell, of course. Great to see you as well. We're once again also live on Instagram.
I just, you know, I took the time to make it vertical, and now I can't help myself. Some hot Instagram vertical streaming. Someday to be replaced, hopefully, by live TikTok streaming equally pointlessly.
Ray Silva, good to see you. Mr. Smiths, S1000. Yeah, turns out you can go live on Instagram. And Twitch at the same time. Yeah, get on Vine. I'm going to try to go live on Vine.
I have to download a new software package and remake my entire setup, but it's worth it for Vine.
Steve Mnemonic. I put a hold on the consumption of a notably reputable podcast. I hate to stop your podcast growth. Who knows how many facts you could be learning on that podcast.
And here you're going to learn two facts, maximum, if you're lucky. The negative facts will subtract from you. You actually learn negative six facts every time you watch my stream.
But AI for humans on hold. Well, you know, you can run it through an AI to have it summarize it for you. That's actually the way that they prefer you listen to that podcast.
If they really want to commit, they do have to pretty soon replace themselves with AI hosts if they're really fans of AI. That's my challenge to Kevin.
Thank you to the support already coming in from AVCP with 15 months. Oh my God. 15 months.
That's wild. Citrix with 14 months. Equally wild. Or technically one month less wild, but still I'd say pretty wild. And there is a hype train.
Hmm. It's Thursday. I haven't talked to the hype train in a minute. I also haven't updated. I said it's going to update the hype trains whole vibe, but I haven't done that yet.
But I guess I shouldn't let that stop me from talking to him. Or it, whatever it is. I don't, I don't claim to know what the hype train is.
I mean, I know it's a hype train. I haven't talked to you long enough that I should know what it is, but I, but I don't.
Anyway, it's here. Hi, hype train.
He says I want to talk to you. I have to have to talk to you.
Maybe that's what you do, whether you're hyped or not.
I'm always hyped.
Why are you so upset?
Why are you so upset?
You're making me upset.
Your eyes are shiny with tears and I will feast upon them.
All right, hype train. I have no sympathy for you.
You should not play me a beat.
Oh my God, are you just going to rap for 20 minutes?
No, I might die in two minutes.
That's actually, that's good self-awareness for me. I think you might.
Yeah.
I won't and I'll live forever.
Hype train is going through something out. What's wrong with you?
I, um, went to a, a banger boys concert.
The banger boys?
The banger boys.
The banger boys are coming.
Is it banger boys, banger boys?
You're the one who went to the concert.
Anyway, I was expected to get more hyped, but I didn't get any subbies or bits.
So I died in the middle of the concert.
So sorry.
I just, yeah, banger boys.
Oh my God, boys were coming.
But then I was like, I had a little bit of hype.
So I went to the concert and then I got there.
I straight died and got sucked into hell because I didn't get any bits or subs.
But you should have budgeted for more bits and subs to get to the whole Vanga Boys concert.
I know!
You have to write in my face!
Bang bus boys?
No, not that.
No, that's indifferent. Hype or hype.
I don't think that's very hype at all.
That's a new word. Hype or hype.
I'll give you a track, but I think you're going to die soon.
I was born to die.
I supposed to have fucked up about life, man.
I was born to die if you think about it, man.
It's fucked up, but that's how it's, that's what it's like.
Yeah, yeah.
Man, that's, that's, that's crazy how that is.
Mm-hmm.
All right. Bart Simpson trap beat.
That's what I'm giving you today to cheer you up.
Don't worry.
This Bart Simpson trap beat will surely cheer up the hype train.
He's in his supreme headband.
He's of course got his spliff and he's high off that scissor up hype train.
Yeah.
Yeah, this is what I like.
Bart Simpson being part of the park.
Not a lark, a drug fart.
Drug fart?
I'm on a drug fart.
I pass that gas,
put my height and nose straight up to that gas.
It was so high that they got me high with the gas of the ass.
So I took that gas.
Where?
All the way to the chance.
That was in the back.
Yeah, high off the gas.
That was straight out of the drug addict's ass.
Now we all hide on the methane.
Getting fucked in the brain.
Yeah, hype train.
You know the name, but I done changed the game.
All of these drives are so in stock.
Meth brain.
You might have said methane, but I think he had meth brain.
You've missed the hype train.
It's gone better next time.
I'm set to resident evil four.
No one will know what's happening.
They're going to be so confused if I don't update this.
I'm just chatting.
Damn it.
I swear I'm just chatting.
Oh, thank you for the heads up.
Someone what wanted to watch Leon kick and they tune into this.
I would be upset.
What's the news in Spanish?
Transylvania Leon stuck trying to kill pirates.
He's been doing it for hours.
He literally was doing it for hours and didn't complete his kick ignition.
But maybe tomorrow you're going to just alternate the stream type until we
finally save Leon and the president's daughter from
Spanish Transylvania.
It'll happen eventually.
I think.
All right.
What's going on in the world today?
Who knows?
Maybe we'll do a little real news.
Oh, yeah, I was going to Israel ceasefire.
Put that in the stream title.
So I guess we'll talk about it.
That means I have to talk to our worst correspondent of all.
But that's fine.
We'll get into it to start off today.
Let's see what's what's going on in the news.
Oh, great news, everybody.
It's your favorite correspondent.
It's me.
It's Rick Tripple.
My name's Rick Tripple.
I thought it was Rick Trickle.
It was Rick Tripple.
And I'm a CIA and foreign affairs expert.
CIA expert is such an odd title, Rick.
Yeah, I'm not Dick Trickle.
Dick Trickle's a famous pilot.
I think he's a NASCAR driver.
Yeah, car pilot.
You call him a car pilot?
In the CIA, we call all people that move vehicles pilots.
And if we do it, that means it's right.
Anyway, word is you need someone with a little expertise to really win on actual world events.
Yeah, and I don't...
You got anybody?
Okay, very, very funny.
But I could end you.
Okay, Rick.
If you're on my stream, I think it means the CIA has abandoned you long ago.
No.
We're making inroads on a Twitch.
Well, you should have started with, like, a song or something.
Go to the top.
You got to start small.
Real small.
Okay, well, now you're giving it back to me.
Yeah, I can pass barbs.
I'm trained in an auditory espionage.
Right now, I'm in your head.
Okay, and I'm rucking around in there, messing up all the papers,
and I'm going to leave the door unlocked to make it seem like it was an accident.
All right, let's...
I don't know what I'm doing.
Okay, well anyway, what do you want to talk about?
Well, you wanted to talk about this real thing.
Good luck with that, and it goes so well every time.
Yeah, we really nail that coverage every time.
You do such a job every time you talk about this.
So let's see what's going on.
It's been a minute.
And I just want to clarify that I stand at the US 100%.
There's no easy choices in politics.
There's no easy choice?
Not a one.
Zero easy choices.
US asked Israel for immediate ceasefire, threatens policy.
And see, now you can all back off.
The word immediate is literally in there.
That means we did it right away.
It's been months, months and months and months.
Yeah, but now it's immediate.
And that's what matters.
US President Joe Biden left pauses during a meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
Right.
That's him, in case you're wondering.
The other one's Biden.
I know they're like too little, two little rap scallions in a playpen.
They both look like young boys.
They could not look older, especially one of them.
Okay, well, I think they look great.
Anyway, that's Netanyahu.
Anyway, left pauses to discuss the war between Israel and Hamas in Tel Aviv, Israel Wednesday, October.
Biden called for an immediate ceasefire, and the White House expects to see new Israeli measures in coming hours and days.
So these will be some new measures.
What does that mean?
They're brand new.
Hot off the murder wall, or just a wall.
The United States issued its strongest public rebuke toward Israel on Thursday since the start of the Gaza War,
conditioning support for Israel's offensive on concrete Israeli steps to address the safety of aid workers and Palestinian civilians.
Do we have a clip?
What?
I don't know.
Just some white guy talking about this saying we'll do something.
I like it because it's the Biden White House.
I'm sure there's a clip.
Let's go to a clip.
Oh, yeah.
This is one of them for sure.
I'm not going to preview any potential policy decisions coming forward.
Like a powerful Kiebler Elf.
What we want to see are some more changes on the Israeli side.
And, you know, if we don't see changes from their side, there'll have to be changes from our side.
But I won't preview what that could look like.
Now, they talked about, I'm sorry.
Is that just the body calendar?
Is there a specific change?
Again, in terms of concrete steps, what we are looking to see and hope to see here in coming hours and days is a dramatic increase.
And the humanitarian assistance getting in, additional crossings opened up.
And a reduction in the violence against civilians and certainly aid workers.
The President seems to have said to the Prime Minister today, make these concrete changes or else.
It's the or else that I want to make clear here.
Is the President threatening to withhold aid to Israel if they do not make these changes?
The President made it clear that our policies with respect to Gaza will be dependent upon our assessment of how well the Israelis make changes
and implement changes to make the situation in Gaza better for the Palestinian people.
And how much time are you giving them to make these changes to implement these concrete steps?
Again, we hope to see some announcements of changes here in coming hours and days.
And I'll leave it at that.
Good, okay.
Hours and days.
I was worried he was going to say something.
Smart.
It's the trailer for the trailer.
Everybody loves a trailer trailer.
This is the trailer for the steps.
The steps at some point might be concrete.
Now they're wood or air.
But that's how all steps start if you think about it.
Before a step can be a step, it's often just air.
What?
Well, you know, because there's no step yet.
So really, at first the step is air.
And then you pour the concrete.
And we're not at that step yet.
So right now the steps are air.
But it's important that we've recognized that there are steps.
And at some point, and really at any point, when the points become circles,
right now the points aren't even 2d, they're 1d.
But at some point the points will be 2d.
And at that point, a point will address the concrete to begin the step.
The step?
Well, we don't know how many steps are yet.
Technically one step is a step.
He did say steps.
So it could be at least two steps.
Maybe though, because they're not concrete yet.
Okay.
What are they saying they're going to do?
Well, you didn't let me finish.
I'm sure this story will.
He was President Joe Biden, a staunch supporter of the offensive until now,
a call for an immediate ceasefire, and a call with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu
following the Israeli attack on a World Central Kitchen Charity Convoy
this week that killed seven food aid workers.
But, I mean, what kind of food were they transporting?
Food food.
But what if it was dangerous food?
Like chilies, hot wings.
Yeah, or cicadas.
Just saying we can't knock.
We can't.
I mean, there's no easy choices in war.
In war.
I don't think they had any reason to bomb the food truck.
Well, but they did.
So there probably was something going on.
The White House said Biden made clear the need for Israeli to announce,
sorry, Israel, to announce and implement a series of specific concrete
and measurable steps to address civilian harm.
We just heard all about the steps and that's an exciting step that we've
taken towards the potential for steps by suggesting a shift in U.S.
policy towards Gaza was possible if Israel did not address the
humanitarian situation.
The Palestinian enclave Biden channel channeled his own frustration
along with mounting pressure from his left-leaning political base
in the Democratic Party to stop the killings and alleviate hunger
among innocent civilians.
So that's a big step that we're, we're actually pro-innocent
civilian now.
That's big for us.
We weren't pro-innocent civilian before.
Well, I mean, I'm assuming we weren't.
There were so many of them getting, oh wait, sorry, we were.
I got confused.
I was thinking about a bad country.
Okay, well, anything concrete at all.
Well, but it's concrete enough to say don't.
Don't is a very concrete word, which we haven't quite said.
But at some point it seems likely that we could even get to a
point where we say, please stop.
And at that point, again, that point will be a whole point
potentially.
Hmm.
Well, I do think it's at least positive that we're calling
for a ceasefire.
That would have been nice to hear a lot sooner.
But you think that we still have any sway over what Israel is?
Oh yeah.
Well, I mean, we definitely have a lot of sway in the sense that
we can swing a lot of weapons to them.
And the weapons sort of in that sense sway over their border
and into their rocket launchers.
And we've been swaying a lot in that direction.
But who knows which sway those weapons will sway.
In the future.
Probably towards whoever's paying for them, which they are.
But if they ever stop.
Oh boy, who knows how swaying will work at that point.
So we might really take a hard stance.
Well, hard is a little too concrete.
We'll take a pillow stance.
A pillow fort.
At some point we might construct a pillow fort of stances.
And I think that covers it.
That covers the whole story.
I think we covered it.
So don't think about this again for another five, six.
Give yourself a couple years off.
This is rough to think about this stuff.
Yeah, I mean, it's hard on me actually to think.
Good point.
You're being very brave by thinking.
So stop.
I do tend to.
I know it's easy, so just don't.
Okay, I'll just turn my brain back off.
Good boy.
Thank you.
Look me in the eye and stop thinking.
Okay.
Yes.
Think about your mind is a empty palace of tongues.
You took me out of it.
Oh, shoot.
I got distracted by my own tongue.
You're not even good at hypnotizing me.
But I was close.
You were pretty close.
Okay.
Well, from all of us here at the, what's this place called?
Barely informed news.
What?
From all of us here at this news place.
Well, enjoy the, enjoy the rest of, I, it's, everything's fine.
The takeaway here is everything's fine.
And, and, and we'll be, we'll be back.
So just don't even, just don't even think too hard.
That's the wrong button.
Papito, hit the right button.
You know, oopsie.
That's my bad.
How's it going?
How's it going guys?
Yeah.
Out of Papito's area.
Papito, where are you?
Papito, get back.
Get fucking Rick out of here.
Sorry.
I was peeing again.
I really like to piss.
I don't understand.
So I let Rick sit here.
He's got a round face and I like circles.
I have a round face.
You do.
But his is square and round.
I'm arguably is too.
But his is even more square.
I like shapes.
Me too, buddy.
Yay.
Shapes.
Okay.
Well, Papito likes shapes.
Papito is fired for messing up the intro.
Yeah.
I mean, Rick sat down.
He immediately pressed a button.
He wasn't supposed to.
Glad everything is fine.
This is the uplifting news we need.
Yeah.
It's important to remind us all that everything is fine at all times.
All right.
Speaking of fine, nothing's more fine than trailers.
The finest thing of all.
I've watched so many fine trailers in my day and it's Thursday.
So let's see what kind of trailers are cooking.
It's time for Trent at the movies.
Does Papito always sound like that?
It's hard to say.
His voice goes through various iterations of high.
And then every once in a while demonic.
Sort of a dealer's choice situation.
All right.
Papito, how the hell did you get here?
I just started going on a tour.
Started walking around clapping my little paws all around the studio.
Aren't we supposed to be in a different state?
Oh, are you?
I guess I moved through a portal then.
You moved through a portal?
Oh, I just walked around.
Chris, can you get the fuck out here, man?
Papito's not supposed to be here.
So, yeah, sorry about that, young blood.
I had to pee.
So I let Papito sit in for a second.
Why is everyone always getting up during the intros?
Seems like a good time to pee and then they're always shorter than I think they'll be.
He's got a portal.
Apparently.
God damn.
All right, Chris.
Well, you're here now.
Well, you seem like you miss me.
I guess I did just a little bit.
You get used to somebody.
I mean, I don't see my dad that much.
What?
I just don't see my dad.
That's a separate thought.
I don't see my dad that much.
That's a separate thought from what you...
Yeah, it's totally separate.
Sorry, it was a non sequitur.
That was a non sequitur?
Yeah, it was a total non sequitur, so don't even worry about it.
When you designated pee breaks during being...
It's not even that long of a show.
It's like two hours.
Should be able to hold it.
Yeah, but I got to piss every 20 minutes.
That's a problem, man.
Yeah, it is.
It is.
It's rough.
It's been most of my day.
Planning around my every 20 minute pee...
What's going on with your bladder?
It's just old now.
There's leaks.
Got to stem the leaks.
Yeah, you got to...
You should get your prostate shit.
What's that?
Prostate?
It's like your dick muscle.
That doesn't sound right.
I mean, I'm not a science man.
I'm a probation officer.
Yeah, think about it.
I did.
Look, let's watch some trailers.
We're getting distracted.
I am, in fact, getting distracted.
Let's watch some trailers, Youngblood.
Where are our trailers?
Is the trailer Thursday?
There it is.
All right.
We haven't checked...
We haven't kept up with our trailers this week.
Yeah, I've been busy probably doing sex if I had to guess.
I can't remember because I have so much sex
and I'll blend together.
You can't always be busy with that, Youngblood.
If you are, then that's honestly an unhealthy amount.
But I suspect you're not.
Why would I ever lie?
There's a trailer for Babes coming out right now
that we're going to watch.
Are you good at it?
It's movie Babes.
It's out in the sense that its trailer is.
And anyway, I relate to Babes because
I am one and I also like them.
I'm either.
God damn it.
Stop it.
Are you good at it?
Dude, this trailer will not stop playing.
We better watch it right away.
Are you good, dude?
I need you to check my shit.
Oh my God, you're in labor.
I don't know the medical term for this,
but her vagina looks like it's yawning.
Everybody at that restaurant was so calm.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
Today I saw a baby be born.
Are you so proud of you?
Don't touch me!
Okay.
Oh my hands!
I'm Eden.
Clark.
Anastasia Fredman.
Dawn, uh, crisis.
I've had sex but I was on my period.
So?
So you can't get pregnant on your period.
Girl.
Girl, stop.
Girl, you stop.
We went to the same school.
We learned the same shit.
Am I pregnant?
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, double doctors.
She may not keep the baby in choice.
So many doctors.
Right, right.
Single.
You don't have to do anything you don't want to do.
I have your back no matter what.
You think I can do this, right?
Yeah.
Yes.
Yeah.
Yes.
Oh shit.
It's crowded here.
They called it.
Because I didn't know I was pregnant.
I've had weed, shrooms, alcohol, coffee, and unpasteurized cheese.
You did not tell me how sexy it is to be pregnant.
Were you crazy, horny?
Hey.
You said you were going to be at all the appointments.
I have a family.
I'm a swamp.
Best friends get so screwed over in adulthood.
You and me?
We're family.
Bitch.
Mm-mm, bitch.
Bitch.
Ha, ha, ha.
Bow.
Feelin' the love, feelin' the love, feelin' the love.
Third of the decision I made.
But it just feels like destiny.
And this is destiny's file.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Taking up big love delights.
Family old time.
Ready?
It's a pretty good needle.
Oh, what?
That's for my...
Yeah.
Cool.
Now cool.
Aw.
Oh, that would freak me out.
That would in fact freak me out.
I think it's kind of fucked up that they're making knocked up from a woman's perspective.
You think that's fucked up that they're making knocked up from a woman's perspective.
Yeah, like, it's kind of...
That movie's kind of for the boys.
The movie knocked up is for the boys so they shouldn't touch the subject matter.
Yeah, Judd aptile made the knocked up movie for the boys.
And now they're trying to take it for the ladies?
Can't we have nothin'?
It's a movie about a woman being pregnant.
Yeah, but what's the guy doing?
I don't know.
Not being in the picture apparently?
I just didn't know what...
He's probably like struggling with his manhood because he's knocked a woman up.
And maybe now he's got to step up and become an adult.
And that's the kind of thing that pregnancy makes you ask yourself.
Makes you ask that, young blood, because you're a guy.
It's clearly a movie about getting pregnant.
Never mind.
It's whatever.
I'm allowed to have an opinion.
You just have really bad ones.
Yeah, and I'm allowed.
I mean, yes, but why?
I don't know, man.
I have thoughts.
I have to share them.
Oh, shit.
A movie called Abigail.
Is that a name you like?
I don't know.
What could it be?
It's the lady's name.
And the trailer's official.
Well, as long as it's official, I guess it's your job to click on it.
It's probably about a scary thing.
Probably about a scary little girl or some shit.
Safe bet.
All right, Will.
That shit will freak me out.
But I guess let's give it a shot.
Goddamn.
All right.
Let's look spookiest, fuck.
You're really good at pretending to be a little girl.
Who's inside a game?
Oh, we already watched this story.
This is the ballerina vampire.
What do we know about vampires?
How do we kill it?
Crucifixes.
Stake through the heart.
Daylight is a big one.
We need to find a way out of here.
We split up.
It's a game to her.
Oh, no, not this guy.
Not that guy who reminds me of Mac Miller.
Oh, shit.
They got the guy that reminds me of Mac Miller.
It's like losing him twice.
That hurts.
But else was that guy?
I think he was in euphoria or just a different guy that's like him was in it.
Dax Driller.
Is that him?
Damn, I got to update my reference to be Dax Driller.
I don't know his name.
Chat says Dax Driller.
So it's Dax Driller.
They got Dax Driller.
Fuck.
He's one of my favorite guys that I kind of recognize.
We all have guys that we like that we kind of recognize.
He was in euphoria.
Wow, young blood.
Your ability to remember faces but not much else continues to be pretty normal.
Yeah.
I'm one of the normalists.
It's got to be a poor name.
Wait, is his name really Dax Driller?
Because that'd be crazy.
I think it's not.
I searched Dax Driller and I didn't get any results.
Somebody's got to get that name.
If that name has not been taken, Card King you're onto something.
Some celebrity needs to name themselves Dax Driller.
Yeah, that'd be smart, man.
That's a sick name.
Should I change my name to that?
No, and please don't start doing porn.
I do not need to know that that exists.
I won't because I like to keep my penis a mystery for a select few to be blown away by.
Yeah, very select few.
Army of one.
Yourself.
I don't think you're allowed to make mean jokes about me not having sex.
I think you can't make any jokes about sex in me because I'm so young.
I believe that you were actually young, I would refrain, but the jury is not even out.
I just don't think you are.
I'm so fucking, why do you do this to me?
I'm one of the youngest.
Bambi the Reckoning.
What the fuck?
I've always said Bambi deserves some fucking revenge.
That shit they pull with her mom, dude.
If someone did that to my mom, I'd be fucking pissed.
Let's see what's up.
What'd they do to the bird?
Oh.
You have a shot there.
No.
Love you.
More of this is real or a skit?
Yeah.
That's myself that a lot nowadays.
Maybe this guy's name is Dax Driller.
He's drilling birds.
It's part of the Dark Poovers.
Wait, did I miss something?
Was there a tease of something?
What did I miss?
Okay.
I feel like you got to do a little more work to make the monster a monster.
You can't just have it be a killer deer.
But they did that.
That's what they did.
What if Bambi was a killer?
Well, it'd be a killer deer.
What more do you want?
I need to be like a demon deer.
Something?
Zombie?
I guess it's a zombie?
I mean, are we sure?
It's Darko's side.
It's like when they made Winnie the Pooh killer, he just was.
But he was also kind of like a guy in a shitty Halloween mask.
So they sort of updated the character in that sense.
Well, here they've updated Bambi from a cartoon.
To a janky looking CGI zombie.
That's an upgrade of a sort.
I guess, I just, I guess it, of course it's lazy.
But even I'm a little surprised at how lazy that felt.
Also, most of the trailer was just three guys in the woods.
Woods is cheap.
Have you ever tried to make a movie, Young Blood?
If you can shoot that shit in the woods, you're round to something.
Juice is loose.
Bambi juice.
You know, even I might not count that as a movie.
So I guess let's watch one more.
Wow, that's below your cinematic standards.
That is impressive.
I can still surprise people.
Jane de Bari.
Who's that?
What?
I don't have any context.
Who's Jane de Bari?
Lady Citrix, you're on Team Bambi?
I mean, I guess if people enjoy the film, I don't want to discourage you from enjoying life
and loving what you love.
I do.
I don't like how that looks and we should not like it.
Did you ever see Winnie the...
Winnie the Dark Poo?
Is that what it was called?
It's got like the 100 Bloody Woods or some shit or...
Winnie Gonna Get You?
I don't think it was called any of those, dude.
I think it was called Winnie Gonna Get You.
Blood and Honey is what it was called.
That doesn't sound right.
Sounds more right than what you said because I think it is right.
No, I think it's Winnie, Winnie Gonna Get You.
Winnie gonna...
Winnie gonna die.
But it's like Winnie...
Ye gonna die.
I think you're even worse at naming stuff than these guys.
What'd you want to watch?
Jane de Bari!
I don't know what that is.
I mean, I don't either, but that's...
We're here to learn.
So, let's see what Jane's up to.
Whoa!
I love you.
So loud.
Jane de Bari!
Domi Pro.
Case is happy to raid.
We need to meet the king.
Oh shit, is Tommy Wiseau in this?
Is everyone in this Tommy Wiseau?
I think they are.
Oh my god, thank you so much for the serve, Nomi Pro.
Uh oh.
The entity.
I'll thank you after this trailer, actually.
Based on Johnny Depp's recent output,
I think this might actually just be a perfume commercial.
It's both the owner's childhood, that seems right.
Why are they mad?
They were using their privacy sheet.
It might be French, but it's still got strong, percussive driving beats.
Cicotesque.
No.
Damn.
That's sort of like, I bet that story is deeply personal to Johnny,
because he was basically, from what I understand,
he was mostly run out of time for like,
just being a sick guy that gets laid.
That was not it.
You really need to look into that situation more, young blood.
And then he was cleared of all fucking or something.
No, I mean, sort of, to a lot of people,
but honestly, if I was him, I would avoid movies
called Based on the Untold True Story.
Because that shit never sat right with me.
Dude, you're just being a hater.
Everybody's over that shit.
I mean, I think everybody is over that shit,
but I don't know if we should be.
Everybody's over that shit.
Yeah, but have you ever really looked into it?
No.
But I did watch a couple guys on YouTube be like,
dude, leave them alone.
And I felt that.
You felt that?
I felt that.
Cleared of all fucking,
which is unfortunate to have to give that up
in the court of law,
but sometimes you have to deny it just to be safe.
What do you think happened?
I don't know.
Then why are you talking about it?
Because I had the thoughts,
and I have to say stuff.
We got to work on just the point of speaking.
We should work on that with you.
Now I refuse.
I hate doing worksheets.
Shit, I guess I'll have to take it off a worksheet then
and sneak it into your educational diet some other way.
Put it in a trailer.
Now that's too much work.
I knew I got you.
Now I'll never have to learn.
It's not true love until somebody poops in your bed.
I mean, we love babies and they're always shitin'.
Yeah, they're babies.
Yeah, but how come isn't it great to be young at heart
and just poop wherever?
No.
I'm just asking questions.
I think it's important that we all ask questions.
It's not always important.
Well, maybe the question there is,
is it?
All right.
Well, you watch four trailers.
So way to go.
Oh, yeah, I did it.
Did I do good?
I mean, sure.
Yeah, I did a good job.
Somebody needs to hold these babies accountable.
Dude, I'm always saying that.
I got some fucking baby cousins and, like,
everybody's always paying attention to them and shit.
I'm like, what are they even doing?
Dude, look at me.
I just found some devil sticks in the basement.
I've been going ham on them.
Nobody's even paying attention to me.
Fucking Thanksgiving.
I'm in the corner going wild on some devil sticks.
I find them in my fucking uncle's basement.
Everybody's looking at a baby.
He's just fucking literally laying there.
I'm like, dude, I just legitimately learned how to do
a full 360 around one of these devil sticks.
Catch it with the other one.
Nobody even pays attention to me.
Especially my dad.
That's a non sequitur.
What?
The thing about my dad was a non sequitur from the rest of it.
It literally followed directly after and was completely related
to what you know.
I wasn't.
Y'all don't know about devil sticks?
Dude, that's the trailer we got to watch.
Devil sticks.
Literally the sticks of the fucking devil.
One of the few good things the 90s ever did for us.
My name is Liam and today we're going to learn the basics of devil stick.
Look at these sticks.
I don't even have to watch the fucking parallel to each other.
I just understood sort of innately how to do this.
Not like this.
Not like this.
Parallel.
Place the devil stick on top and hold it out.
It's pretty good.
I'm better though just so you know I'm better.
I've only done it like once.
Okay, that's pretty good.
That's pretty good.
What the fuck?
Okay, he already made a mistake.
We're holding our sticks parallel.
Devil stick is on top.
I found them in my uncle's basement.
I am, my uncle had them in his 90s ass basement.
It's not my fault I have old uncles.
This guy's from the national circus and I'm the weird.
I'm the fool.
Look, okay, I could do that.
I could do that.
Practice your tosses, your flips, and your spins.
And that will help you learn how to control it.
You know, unleash the dragon dude.
You can also roll it.
Straighten your arms.
We need, this guy's not doing it justice.
We need to see.
We need to see a cooler version.
Yeah, this is cool as shit.
Simple, easy, basic.
Yeah, that's the kind of shit I can do.
It's not a baton, ladies and gentlemen.
It's way more macho than that.
Look at these beach guys.
They love this stuff.
All of them are in jail now, yes.
But not because of the devil sticks curse them,
but not for the act of devil sticking.
Unless it is illegal.
It is devil sticks.
I'm confused now.
I'm honestly not sure.
All I know is I'll probably end up in jail
and then I'm sick with devil sticks.
That's all you know.
That's probably all I know.
That sounds about right actually.
Well, anyway, that's all we got time for today.
There's bambis out here coming to kill us.
There's devils in the sticks.
And Jane Depeau or whatever is a scandal for the ages.
And that's why we're done for the day
because of what it was.
Well, actually, you know what it is.
I'll see you later.
Devil sticks.
Why does Trent know all of these 90s references
that would be relatable to a kid who grew up then?
Isn't he young?
I don't understand what's happening.
John Depeau.
All right.
Let's do another news story.
Yeah.
He's secretly old.
Oh my God, Joe Rogan.
Damn, it's been a while since I've checked in with the two Joes.
Who knows what they're even up to.
But we can go to the Joe station.
We can go to the double Joes.
Let's see.
I got to find their number real quick.
It's been a while since I've talked to the Joes.
So, you know, I got to refine their number.
You got to find their little number.
I got it.
Joe and I are cool like that.
Joe and I are cool like that.
Oh no, they updated it.
They updated something.
Oh no.
There we go.
Okay.
Okay.
Stop.
Okay.
I already patched the Joes in and they sound weird.
Check, check, check.
Let's check, check, check.
Let's check, check, check.
You got Joe Rogan checked in on me.
So now we know we can cut to him.
Thanks for doing all that important work there.
Making sure the Joes are ready.
I think they were just talking about getting paid.
So they're saying check, check, check.
Which I do too.
I get paid in snacks.
I go snack, snack, snack.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Cause I'm a dog.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I like to keep Kasein Papito on their toes requesting this segment whenever I can afford it.
Well, you know, Sabrichi, I appreciate it.
But it is your fault also.
It's your fault for what you're about to see.
Don't blame Sabrichi.
It's always your fault.
That's true.
It is actually always my fault.
Yeah.
Okay.
Let's send it over to the two Joes.
There.
I'm sure they're having some smart conversation.
If you have any questions for them, you got to keep them on some kind of track.
Please throw your questions in the chat.
Otherwise, they will just talk themselves into basically schizophrenic rants.
I'll do that either way.
Anyway, it's time for the Joe Rogan's podcast.
All right, we're going to test them.
We're going to test some stuff.
Right now, you can hear me.
Right now, you can hear me.
Yeah, repeat after me, Joe Rogan.
Yeah, repeat after me, Joe Rogan.
Are you guys hearing any Joe Rogan after me?
He's repeating me.
Are you guys hearing any Joe Rogan after me?
He's repeating me.
That's so confusing.
I don't know why.
That's so confusing.
I don't know why.
I look so much better as Joe.
Yeah, that's fair.
I look so much better as Joe.
Yeah, that's fair.
Hmm.
Hey.
Let's send it back over to them.
Let's send it back over to him and I'll try to just fix it on the fly. I'll try to just fix it on the fly
Okay, any chance you're hearing? I really hear you guys hearing me twice. I do. You're not just the once
Okay, that's great. I will blame Peter. I will blame Peter everything. That was really
kind of dark or kind of ponies and writing dogs or
What is it? What's the saying dog people eating dogs and a pony and a pony show
Yeah, what kind of people eating dogs at a pony show is this people shouldn't be eating dogs at a pony show
That's fucked up real fucked up. Also with a ribby a slight delay on my uh, vocals burst my mouth
It's hard to say
I'm gonna have I'm gonna make that little dog guy that the dumb guy who runs the stream
Works with a check on this for me
Hopefully that'll clear everything up. Uh, anyway, how's it going Joe?
I don't know man. It's going and like, you know, I'm good
It's fucking crazy obviously though
Okay, how did I that dude? It's fucking crazy. Um the stuff
Dude, can you did you hear about that? There's things happening still every day, man. That's it and literally doesn't
It's great. It doesn't stop every day. There's stuff and then never
It's never not
Sometimes I wonder that too like why not but
So far
stuff
anyway, um
You see that they're making a they're making a female version of knocked up
That's got that's fucked up because that's that's
It's like a guy's movie
It's a real man's man's Judd Apatow. He makes man's men's movies
Yeah, there's not a lot of directors there with the raw masculinity of Judd Apatow
And it's a shame that they're taking his important masculine work and feminizing it to make it about how women feel during pregnancy
I'm really the most masculine thing of all was
Entirely focusing on yourself during a pregnancy if I think it's important for guys to do that because it's about mental health
Yeah, none of people are focused on guy's mental health nowadays
People think
That we all got it together just because we do
Just I mean, yes, do I have it 100% together and I
And I honestly I've never felt more secure and I do feel secure all the time
And I don't actually feel fear or real sadness in any sense because I'm that's I'm that strong obviously
But also my mental health is important
Like you couldn't have said it any better, dude. I feel that if that wasn't
Okay, oh kens
percent
And you else have anybody has any questions
feel free
That's kind of what therapy is actually it's just asking questions. I'm against therapy, but I'm for mental health
That's a that's actually really common stance that and people think that just if you're against their therapy or against mental health
Some people the most important mental health step is every time someone brings up therapy you yell at them
Yeah, and I try I practice that's that's part of my mental health practice
Is if anyone are dating or my kids say jesus christ, please dad you need therapy
He just unleashed 17 blocks on our on our property
And you're trying to hunt them with a sword. What are you trying to prove? You say shut up
Shut the fuck up. I need to defeat these elks before they destroy the wreck room
Focus I'm not ever going doing going to do therapy
Shut the fuck up kids. Are you even mine?
And then they usually cry and that's therapy for them
Yeah
Buddy cypherx is asking how that makes you feel
Plunger said that's really interesting. I've never actually thought of it like that
Yeah, that that is interesting. I've never actually thought about how I feel. That's interesting
Oh, that's crazy people think about that kind of stuff
Well, how they feel I don't know. I don't think so
Seems like a big waste of time
I mean aren't emotions just sort of like
It's like a knock on your neighbor's door like yeah, you hear it, but you're not going to answer it
I mean, yeah, that's how I've always thought of emotions
It's like it's in a separate room for me and I'm safe in my room
And all those crazy emotions are
They're far away. They're a monster under someone else's bed and that's why I sleep nicely at night
Yeah, but how does that make you feel is an interesting question because like I it's like I can't answer it
And when I try to it's like I literally hear screaming in my head like I'm hearing it right now
That's so interesting. I'm hearing screaming in my head too that the very thought of confronting my emotions is
Making something in my brain screaming me
So I you know, I guess that's how I feel as I feel
I feel like I'm in a lead coffin and something outside of it is screaming
And if I really focus it, it's like screaming like wake up
Ace
Boy is wake up if I really listen
That's how I feel. Yeah, I think that's how I feel too. That's kind of stupid though. Yeah, dude. That's funny
That shit is so dumb. It's so dumb how your feelings work. And that's why honestly, it's best to not
Yeah
No, while she's out of the bed if you sleep on the floor and that's actually one of the reasons
Samorizer such good fighters is
They keep their back strong by keeping them planted on the on the floor whenever possible
Yeah, that's a smart that they're basically learning how to be in a defensive
Grand position. That's why samurais were good wrestlers as well because they slept on the floor
They could wrestle swords. They could wrestle people
I'm not people sleep on the floor anymore
The two options for sleeping are you want to either sleep on the floor or you want to sleep at about a
3,000 mile elevation mostly in space
Yeah, and I've actually been working on trying to get my elevation up as high as possible when I sleep
Um
Because it makes your blood it makes your blood have zero gravity and that makes the blood flow at incredibly high speeds
And that actually aids in muscle recovery
The big reason why I'm trying to launch my muscles into space so that I can sleep up there
Yeah, as soon as my muscles are spaced. Oh or spaced up spaced up muscles
Um, it's really good to unlock a new level of training for me
You mentioned being an ice bath in space the ice is the bath is literally floating around you
Would you drown when you drown can you drown because you can't control where the bath goes?
Oh, that's interesting
Yeah, because there's no gravity the bath might float up into your mouth and then you're drowning your bath mouth
Yeah, your bath mouth would make you drunk because now the bath sell around your mouth and you can't stop it because of there's no gravity
Interesting that's I also kind of reminded you when someone asked me how I felt because I felt like I was drowning um
I was drowning in space
Interesting. Yeah
If samurais were such good wrestlers, how come they never beat the undertaker at wrestle mania?
This says it's design time
Well, the thing about wrestling is um, they prescripted to beat the samurai's
Yeah, I think wrestling is real but unfortunately it's really racist against samurai
so
um, they call that k blade one of the rules of k blade is that you can't
Um, like koreans and any bladed fighters always have to lose and that's why they call it k blade
Yeah, I think that's some wrestling said I had the undertaker on here once he told me something like that
but I was pretty scared of him the whole time because
Um, he crawled up through my floor to enter the studio. I didn't see it coming
I just walked in I was like this guy's fucking late
Huge jet of fire erupts from the floor of my studio undertaker crawls out of it
And it just immediately starts starts doing a sick pod with me. Honestly, really nice guy
A really great guy insane how he entered through a jet of fire in the floor, but one of the best guys
Yeah, yeah, very cool. Very cool
uh
I usually don't like motorcycle guys that much. I'm more of a classic car guy
Yeah, me too. I love a good I like a good car. I miss when cars are just like
four wheels and a steering
Four wheels and a steering wheel so five wheels
Yeah, I miss those classic five wheel cars four wheel wheels and one steering wheel
And then he does flintstone your feet on the ground. I work with a guy, uh
Out of fresno who designs classic cars and he does it the right way
he just sort of
Gets any circles he can find and he attaches them to spokes
He gives you a wheel and then he just says run
And you know, you figure out the rest
And that's just classic. That's classic american automo automo automo automation
Automotiving
Auto motivating. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm part of the automotivating club
Anyway, um, I feel like we killed most of our time today because fucking jamie
Fuck he messed up all the electronics again
Well, yeah, he watched the documentary on nicola tesla now. He's just hooking data. He's up to everything
and
Unfortunately, he he bought a bunch of copper wire from a guy on the side of the road
Yeah
We made a mistake paying him and we didn't understood how money works
So we pay him eight million we paid him eight million dollars
And he's spent a lot of it so far in batteries and copy will copper wire
If we should have given them less is that that much eight million?
I guess that's a lot. I'm trying to remember back to when money meant something to me
and I guess that's
Fair amount
I don't know. I feel like that's like one night in dubai
Yeah, I mean if you're lucky, uh, I guess it's a lot. Maybe we should have given him less or more
Maybe he's not responsible with money because he doesn't really get it yet because he doesn't have enough of it
Maybe we should give him 20 million
in back pay
And see if that cure is whatever go is going out of his brain because his mouth is just stuffed with batteries right now
And he's running copper wire
Towards our towards our air conditioning
I don't know what he's trying to
It's kind of faster because I don't really even get what the thought process is
Well, I mean before he put him in there. He said
Um, he said jamie jamie ice mouth
I think he's trying to turn his mouth
Into an air conditioner
I think as his tummy feels hot because he's been eating a lot of metal
Oh, he does always complain about how his tummy is hot. So he's trying to turn his mouth into an air conditioner
Mmm, I don't think it'll work, but I guess at least there's a certain logic to it
Yeah, yeah, jimmy jimmy ice mouth tummy hot
I can tell that he's still mumbling it through the through all the batteries
But obviously I mean with a mouth that full of batteries, you're not going to be able to tell what he's saying too much
Yeah, that's a really good point. I mean, I haven't thought of it that way but that is a really good point
Okay, well, I guess that's probably all the time we have for today
Eight millows like eight bucks to Joe
Well, they're eight joe bucks. I mean joe buck is a million dollars. I mean that is how we play monopoly
Joe, Joe, no, Joe Mopoli
I made a board game called Joe Mopoli that I forced my wife and children to play with me
Where they have to play with the amount of money that they have and I play with the amount of money that I have
And I I actually I've never lost but maybe someday if they can get their finances together
Yeah, and that's the game and that's you can't go easy on them and just give them some
As they need to learn to earn for themselves
I mean, I only learned for myself. I worked hard that I was on stages sometimes and
One day I just started doing this and now obviously I'm rich and
And there's no reason they can't
I mean, I did I said that to them every day
I said, hey
Why are you eating a sandwich?
You could be talking probably to like
I don't know
Bob Bob Bob Ross's ex-wife or some shit
What I don't I kind of forget the deep go like email turn peevison and then become miller become rich
It's really not that hard. Yeah pretty much
Okay, well, honestly did it and it's the highlight though of mine
We what how long we've been here? I think
Forever I do think it were possibly cursed and trapped here
Sometimes I worry that I'm the faint echo of someone else
um
and
My mind has been rent into a million pieces
And um and that this is essentially pre-hell
A part of someone else's spirit is trapped in pre-hell and that's us
Yeah, that's really interesting. Sometimes I think that too, but also sometimes I think like
I drink
Water hotter than room temperature would it aid in digestion?
Dude, I always wanted to because people say drink room temperature water
What if you meet boy? What do you drink boiling hot water?
What if you drink boiling hot ice cubes?
That's next level because their ice but they're hot. We should really check it. That's even possible. Yeah tea
Oh, it was you get into drinking tea. Maybe that's what I've been thinking
I'd summarize also drink tea
And that's update. I'm assuming it's a big part of why the ground game is so good. Well that it's sleeping on the ground
anyway, uh, thanks for all your little questions and um the the case guy
I guess he's coming back or some shit and he'll talk to a dog or something. Anyway, I'm sure that we're the Joe Rogan's and
Uh, we're gonna stay we're gonna not stop. Just know that we're still talking
Even though the even though the camera is gonna cut away. We will still be talking jamie jamie
Don't hold a lighter up to your mouth. It's not gonna ignite the batteries, but your mouth you will do damage
Everyone go through existential today
that's
Their problem not mine
That must be someone else's problem
No monkey noise again
Something happened with my OBS audio where every audio source needs to be reset and I don't know why but I'll try to figure it out
at a later date
At a date in the future my favorite kind of date
Um, let's do some more news. I guess I did update to windows 11. That's probably what did it
I knew I shouldn't have done it
But I was like man windows 10 is pretty old. I'm sure windows 11 is fine
And it kept asking me every day
And then I updated to windows 11
And now my life has been ruined
forever
You fool
Whenever I get I stopped it to windows 11. I just look out a window
because I'm
A dog. No because I'm a free spirit
All right
Honest for doing the right thing. Yeah, maybe I mean that is when it started acting weird, but also
The way it's set up. It should be that hard for me to replace a lot of these
Oh, if I upgrade to joe bs
Yeah, I wouldn't have any of these problems
Well, I think I'm slowly fixing it. It's suing. We just let me know when weird intros and stuff are completely missing audio
um
But you know at this point
My OBS is a powerful
maze of
nested things
So I should just be able to fix the root source and it should be fine
We get casted into a cat williams interview with the joe rogan experience
maybe
A maybe we can
I would love cast when you get to interview the real cat williams
They say never meet your heroes, but I think cast would enjoy eating cat
I think they could I think they could get cooking on some pretty good stuff
Well, good in quotes, but you know, I think they'd enjoy it. Mm-hmm
Casem would be good and cat would be whatever he's feeling that
All right, what else are we gonna talk about today? Oh, yeah
Gotta do some gotta do some AI news
All right, let's um kick it over to our correspondent because there's an AI story. So I may as well click on it
It's
Well, well, well look who it is
Is jeffrey you have to do this every time every time
We got to remind the people
You like it
Yeah, yeah, I mean, you know, I don't hate it. You don't hate it. No, you like it. I know you do
He likes it
All right, let's see what's going on in the world today. There's important news to cover case focus up
AI powered virtual influencer lands job on Spanish television. What?
What have you put me through today? I don't know. We'll find out together
Goddamn it
Alba renai an attractive digital influencer powered by artificial intelligence recently announced
She will be hosting a special segment on spain's version of the popular. Oh, she's getting a segment
That's not that big of a deal. Then if it's just a little saggy
If it's just a little saggy
Well, but what's the segment? I thought she was going to be a whole contestant
It says land's job. They tricked us here. They they baited us and then for some reason we clicked. Yeah, but
It's coming for our segment jobs AI now. Oh my god. My prayer. I do segments
I know and maybe pretty soon settle to do a virtual influencer segment don't I need well
I don't really need this job actually
Uh, so never mind. Do what you want
Anyway, she uh recently announced she will be hosting a special segment created in the fall of last year by be a lion
A subsidiary of television giant media set spain
Alba renai quickly became an instagram celebrity attracting over 10 000 fans on instagram. Does that make you a celebrity?
Because I know a lot of celebrities then
I thought you did know a lot of well, I know a lot of I just mean I know even more celebrities
I know a couple celebrities if 10 000 gets you there
I mean, that's way more than I have to be clear, but I'm not trying to knock anybody with 10 000 followers
But that does seem suspiciously loaded. Just use the word celebrity. Well, AI, let's let's look her up
Let's look her up. Maybe she's got way more now
Alba rena
Elborina
Wait a minute
This is just a bunch of coats
That's not her. That doesn't seem to be her. That's a bunch of coats. Yeah, that is a bunch of coats
It's a little suspicious that I can't even find her instagram page
That makes me slightly suspicious
Let me let me upgrade my let me update my search terms here
All right now
Now we're AIing
Oh, actually jeff. She's even higher than you thought. Oh my god 11.3 k followers. No wonder she landed this job
Look at her here pictured being a robot
Can you believe
That this is AI
And those aren't even hands
Those are particles in a computer
And that's the whole video insane what technology is doing
If you told me 10 years ago that a lady in a tron swimsuit
Would show her hands
But it's actually probably not in this case AI
But maybe Unreal Engine
Um
Oh, you lost track of what you're talking about. Well, yeah, I just I don't even really know
I don't I don't exactly get what the story
What the story even is
Oh, here she is. We got even more coming in from live in Sleazy
We should find out what segment she's doing, but um check this out first
All right. Here's Elba
Oh, wait. That's not the video. Here's the video. Oh my god. She looks incredible
Oh, look at that hair
Oh, that's let's watch that one more time. Let's watch that one more time in case you blinked and missed it
I hate how that looks that looks like another face pasted on someone else's face
You hate how that looks I hate that looked
Pasted face on a different face
Is nothing sacred
Our face is not even sacred anymore
Never paste another face on my face
I won't
Lifeless eyes like a doll. Can you imagine?
What that would be like?
Well, I have pretty dark eyes actually I've been told I have lifeless doll eyes
I who?
You oh, yeah, I did say that to you
Yeah
You do oh, thanks
Not a compliment. Oh
No, thanks. I got him. I fucking got him. Let's look at more of her stuff
I'm not creeping here because she's not real
And if she were she's gotta be over 18, right? I hope so
Yes
Over 30 sure she's fake. It's I don't know man. She's 40 and
That's her all of this is
These are here. She is shorter
Here she is a little taller
Here she is for Christmas. Oh, she's moving around now
and
This is next level because
movement
Is hard to do
And um, let's see what else is going on in this story
um
Ah created in the fall of last year by a lion by lion elbow quickly became okay
She became a celebrity they say she's a beautiful young woman
Only she's not actually real. Sorry to spoil it for you chat
I know that you've all even though we've been saying it's a i you didn't believe us, but this is coming straight from um
Oddity central so now that a reputable news source is telling you she's fake
You have to finally believe us case check her out on check out her tiktok
Jesus christ. She's even on the tiktok
Oh
Oh, shit, there's even more of her soy alba. Let's see
Music kind of slaps
I
Don't speak Spanish unfortunately, but I think what she said was
Sorry humans. It's done. The survivor is me
Go kill your kill your family. Oh, Jesus job. I don't think she said that
But do you know she didn't um
I mean I don't speak much Spanish, but I didn't hear anything that would suggest that
She's got a whole page of these videos of her sort of
Are all these people like these are these a i
I can't trust my eyes anymore. Look at that. Hot. Look at that. Hot lady
Oh
God, I do love that scream is the scream in the distance a i the lady scream
Um, no, I think that's I think that's a real that's a real lady scream
The good scream
Abela getting it in seems that way. So were they all a i no obviously just the a i looking one was a i
You could spell the difference. I
I swear I could I don't know if I believe you guilt island. That's the show
All the show is survivor, but span spanish survivor
Well, wait spanish is a huge category
Which country is it can't just be spanish?
Well, maybe I guess it could be but I'm assuming maybe they'd go a little more localized than that
It's the country of it's spain. It's spain. Oh, it's spain not like spanish language survivor
I think it's spain the country. Oh
Does anyone ever told you you're not very smart? I tell myself that every day
That doesn't sound healthy. No, that's fine. Oh, okay
Well during the call. Oh, that's the fucking sad news. Okay. Uh, she's a beautiful young woman. Only she's not real. Yes, we
Well, I'm not convinced but you are 35 young adult 3,350 young adults who were asked about the physical and personality attributes
They find most important were apparently that she was given those attributes and the team at be a lion
Use the data to create an avatar that would appeal to as many people as possible. Oh my god a debate
Survivor spanish transylvania spanish transylvanian milph island case
You know spanish transylvanians you have them on here sometimes
It's a it's a rare get when you get a spanish transylvanian, but uh bonsai bullfrog demanded a debate a debate
Would you bang an ai?
Hmm
I'm glad I don't have to solve this one
Because I couldn't even tell how old they were
Well, they don't technically have an age, but I think they're at least there. She's being represented as a of age
young woman
All right, uh, well, let's just speed through this. Oh my god. Who is this? She's beautiful
That's the ai person. Oh
No
Why does she look so real there does she she looks the same again?
She looks like every mid journey girl
Yeah, and I'm in the middle of a journey to falling in love. Don't tell my wife
Technically, she's only a few months old. Oh farts
Farts on my salad
I've stepped in it now. I don't think you have I think you're fine. I'm I apologize
Did I catch it?
Did I did I do the thing where we're ahead of it? Yeah, you got ahead of that
Oh good a couple of weeks ago
Elba took to instagram and tiktok to let the world know that she would soon be appearing on spanish tv channel
Telicino and I'm sure her 11 000 fans immediately lost their minds
And on social media as part of a special segment called super secretos con alboran ai
Where she uh would share all sorts of exclusive content on the very survivor contestants also just to clarify
We are going to get to that debate in just a second. I'm just going to skim through the rest of this story
I'm just going to do a little skimming. Whoa. Oh my god. She's that month old. She's a four month old
In a sense, but computers actually age in computer years and um
That means their age doubles every
Every couple of weeks
They age exponentially
Oh good. So she's she's six million years old now. Oh, thank god
Be a lie in the company that created and trained elba renai recently came out to clarify
That their avatar didn't steal any human jobs on the contrary
It actually created more jobs a team of 32 people works directly on the okay. This is an ad for this
I don't know. I can't tell anymore
It's am I reading an ad a little bit. Oh, okay good
Elba is a collaborative work between humans and machines. This is just explaining what ai is again
How come all of these ai stories constantly re-explain
The basics of large language models
Because I appreciate it and I don't I still don't get them. Oh, I thought you're gonna say you didn't like it
No, I need it
Still don't get it never will so keep saying the same thing to me forever
Most people are barely informed. That's
fortunately true
And that's why the sky's the limit for the growth of this network
Someday everyone will tune in and say I didn't learn a thing. Yep
Well, probably not but if we can dream we can dream a dream to dream. Oh my god, jeff your voice is beautiful
That's your singing voice. This is my singing voice. How come you sounded different in your song? That was me talking
Wow, but this is me singing
All out
Wow
anyway, um
She's one of several virtual influencers to attract international attention in the last few months from sites such as uh
potty central
Alongside it Tina Lopez and lexie love. Do I dare kick out click on this?
Can I click it? Yes, I can
What's her deal is this porn? Well sort of but the type I can show
Ai-powered perfect girlfriend earns $30,000 per month for love from lonely men
Wait, really out of these central says who I guess says you
What's her instagram?
There's no finding it. I refuse to click around here too much. Oh, look at these shiny feet
Can I click on that? No
Look how wet these feet are
Oh my god, can I get my feet that wet?
Yes, but
Don't click on that
Oh water
Woman poisons pregnant coworker to prevent higher higher workload
This site seems
Pretty solid. This is the heck of a site
Click the water thing
If you have toenail fungus try this
Sponsored links by tabula. Is that an ai? Probably
Okay, well, I've lost the thread here a little bit
But um abigail if you're six million years old give me a call if you're four months old
Then I've got to wait
17 months and
17 years and eight months you should wait longer
Okay, I'll keep waiting
Well, anyway, I'm best elect to
Abigail
on her upcoming prod or current project
As uncanny thing that jumpscares viewers of spanish survivor
But congrats on spanish survivor on having that sick theme. Is that the american theme as well?
Are all of them?
Elber and I scream music. Oh my god live in sleazy has all of the hot tips
Show me the tips
Uh
Thank you. I'm using this for something. Can this be my
Entrance music. No, you already have entrance music
Play that again. That's so good
I love that when it works it works
Man damn we need to get a we need to hire that composer
I don't think we can afford him or or her or them or yeah, you know, whatever
Um, or it if it's an ai. Oh boy, could be that too. Well, no, I think that's a real again. I'm my contention. That's a real lady scream
uh, let's
Oh, I forgot that I was trying to message um
What if this I wonder if this works on
Outside of the app yet
Let's see
Hello there
Work
Oh, damn it. It doesn't work
Oh, it does work. Um, check this out
Check out this craziness
This pissed me off. You got pissed off. I got pissed off by this Jeff
So look at this. This is comedy zack. Obviously I follow on instagram
Okay, oh my god, it's mr. Beast
No, but it's not it's actually comedy zack and ai with the power of mr. Beast
but uh
But it's an ai. Oh my god, they fit all of mr. Beast's brain into an ai plus comedy. They did however take a look
At what his fucking bio says message me to get roasted available in the us
Okay, I don't see the problem
I don't see the problem at all
Well, let me just prep this so I can show chat how fucking bullshit this is
So, um, let me just spam him for a second
To get rid of the old messages
Although this might break it
Try to get him to roast you. He literally says
We'll roast you try to get him to roast you
It's literally his thing
He typed t-tape way too much
You're a man a few words while he's replying a lot
Oh my god case you typed at him too much now. He's just losing his mind. You broke him
Um, sorry about that
I was having a bad day
You know what would cheer me up
being roasted
Roast me roast
general
Yeah roast my ass
I'm not sure that's a good idea. I don't want to hurt your feelings. I'm here to make people laugh not cry
But he said he would roast me
Do insult comedy. It's in your bio
Please
I'm here to be roasted
Oopsie. I hit enter but I I'll type it just in case I'm here to be roasted
Please I need this
I'm not sure that's a good idea. I don't want to hurt your feelings. I'm here to make he just said that to me
Why would they say that this is about roasting me?
I don't
What
That was my response exactly. Isn't that infuriating? He says he'll roast you and then he refuses to roast you
What is the meaning of this?
I'm a powerful
Newsman roast me. I demand it
I will ruin your whole life
I don't I don't put up with this kind of shit. I don't put up with the liars
They give me type like Kanye West in 2020. Come on
Keep it light and fun roasting is fun
You aren't fun. This is it last chance
Roast me
I'm Jeff ripple last shot cowboy
Last shot
Jeff ripple a powerful newsman. I'm shaking in my boots, but fine. Let's do this
Here's a little roast for you Jeff ripple the only newsman who's more ripped than the news. He reports
That's the nicest thing anyone's ever said to me
Wait a minute, but that means it's not a fucking roast
This piece of shit
That's not a roast
That's a compliment
You failed
brace yourself
It's over for you
Your whole career
I'll type it like a hole
You'll regret this for the rest of your life
Speechless it's speechless
Chill out. I was trying to make you laugh. No need to get all worked up
Well, I'm not the one who's fucking lying
I'm not the one who's lying
Comedy sack
If that's even your real name
Why'd you show me that you've ruined my day
I guess you could say I roasted you by introducing you to comedy sack
You can't say that and you just made me talk to an annoying ai that doesn't work
Oh, I did do that
Is that a prank?
Yes. Oh, okay. You pranked me
Yeah, we'll say that's a prank
Samity got I guess he got me. I didn't like it, but I guess he got me
All right. Anyway, we should probably do the debate. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
Anyway, I just wanted to remind it. I just wanted to show everyone comedy sack
And how it won't roast you I really should unfollow him because every couple of weeks he'll make a post of like
An ai version of Jared Leto's Joker
And it'll just say like
Birthdays are fun
What no those are really the kinds of posts that thing makes
That's a that was spot. They paid they paid mr. Beast for that
Meta paid all these celebrities a bunch of money to do that
Like that's official. That's a meta product. That's not like a weird thing
That's some fan is doing. That's
That's a thing that meta paid for
I'm sad now. I guess you roasted me. I feel sad now. Yeah
Top 10 burns of the week. Well
Also ripple and ripped
That is pretty good at that's a that's a good pun actually
I had to think about it. I it was a thinker, but it was good
Yeah, birthdays are fun. That's true
See maybe ai is not so bad. It's letting us know that I'm ripped and that birthdays are fun
All right. Well, let's send it over to um the debate room floor
Now that we've successfully covered this news
Uh, yeah, they got to find out if um if they'd sleep with an ai
And the only two guys who can do it are a bunch of chrome
Yes, we are back again. Um once again climbing up the charts
I never stopped climbing of course
I'm on a permanent climb
The stairway to heaven that is my mind is as sharp as ever
Don't even worry about that for a second
And I'm assuming as sharp as ever is the fucking cone head monstrosity known as crumb who is unfortunately also here
What the hell?
What what what skin walking?
Your head's
Less pointy today. It's slightly less pointy. I'm not sure if I can't help it if you see things
Because all the damage you've done to your brain by being so stupid for this many years. Oh, yeah, yeah
That wouldn't be brain damage in that case wouldn't that just hearing applause
They're still giving it up for me. Just a little bit in the distance
There we go. Oh
No, it's still going. Uh-oh
We're just gonna ignore it
Yeah, maybe only you hear it. Maybe only you hear the applause because of your
Just whatever is happening up there. I think something's broken
Something is broke. Yeah, you you're a broken man. Who's about to be
The sound is going wacko shoot. I guess it's not just you. I don't know
Maybe I can
Let me try something real quick
Let me try one thing very quickly
Windows I blame papito upgrading to windows 11 whenever he did that
It destroyed the delicate balance that is this
Bizarre news outfit heat that that case is attempted to get going here
Anyway, I'll try to fix it for us
Because I'm a fixer. I'm a fixer of problems
Actually, wait, you do it. What what you just said you're a fixer. Yeah, but then I realize it's working. I don't want to
Oh, okay. Um
There we go
Then
Reload reboot
Okay, and
Let's just uh check let's make check in with the studio audience make sure that they're still okay. Yeah, you guys doing fine. You still love me
Okay, good. Everybody's fine. Everybody's fine. Stop
And they're responsive as ever
Yes, incredible how responsive that studio audience is to you munch. It really is it really they love they love me
They love me
All right, what are we debating? If we'd fucking ai
Oh, um
You can't you
Really really you think you can't fucking ai
um
Well, I mean they're not
They don't have bodies yet
Sure, they do. Well in what sense. I don't know you put chap gbt in a sex doll. I haven't sex with an ai
Well, no, you would just be having sex with a doll that has like an a computer
In its head. I mean is the doll moving the body it might be you seen those robots. They're fucking putting apples and carts
That means they can have sex in them that's
Can they yeah, for sure. We're not debating if you can we're debating if you would
Oh, um, no, why not? Okay. Well clearly
Clearly we know what our sides are if we don't have a mod that can make that doesn't mind making that poll
It's weird that you're against this. I guess you're against
Right, you're gonna try to make this a rights issue. I'm just saying I would need more I need more details
um
Here's where I'm coming from if a computer is fully sent here to smart as a human being, um
Is it it's still technically a different species what says who I mean
Definitely a species that you can procreate
Uh, they can procreate with each other. I think well, there's a
Devon is a species actually I think a little more malleable than that
Sort of weird cases where ventures out and look in a broad sense. If it's something that you can't
Conceive with that. I think it's in defiance of the kingdom of god. What well. Yeah, people forget that I'm a christian
um, so
Obviously, I think our powerful lord and savior jesus would be frowning down upon us if he knew that we were trying to
Attempting to conceive
With a creature that can bear no children and so
Uh, to me, I say away with you demon away with you AI
Well, let us keep uh procreation sacred and procreating
this is
This is a conservative as hell man. I mean I'm surprised
No, I mean obviously I'm also I'm in favor also of uh, lgbtq rights and uh, I believe everyone deserves a choice and um, that
a healthy sex life is
Important for all adults. That's completely what you just said a sex should exist with
I'm so confused. Well, no, there's nothing confusing about it. Sex is only for procreation and also everything else. I just said
My point is that if there's a sexy AI you should fuck it like look it's got it's thinking it's probably smarter than us
It's powerful robot anybody's played halo has wanted to fuck cortana
Everybody in the chat wants to fuck cortana. Who's cortana? Oh my god, shut the fuck up. You don't know who a cortana is
Everybody wants to fuck cortana
That's just a fact of life. We have to accept this about ourselves and move on
If a cortana shows up, you're gonna try to have sex with even if it's a hologram
You'll figure it out. It can talk you through it at least and oh my god
And now we're apparently dismissing
Auditory sex and sex you need to expand your definition of sex chat
I can't believe you agreed with him. What he said was objectively crazy. What I said
Was actually
That i'm the fucking winner. I did it
back
Back on the climb
No, this is
Yes
Rip the shirt off
Magic mic or like um magic crumb
I forgot how bad this feels not because he won obviously he cheated
And no victory was had but just watching this I forgot how bad it feels to watch this
I'll heed the things you shape your twisted tails just give you away the things you shape
I'm Leonard crumb be believe
You say
What the fuck did you just do
What did he even just do
Why do you let this happen chat
Because we're friends we're buddies
Me and the chatter buddies
And this is what you do with your pal
They're exactly cat's paw. Jesus
What are you scared
Are you scared of the tight food?
That's coming for your coastal village
What the coastal village of your score
89 village probably where it's going to be stuck forever
In my typhoon of crumb my crumb food
It breaches the sandy bay
You're overwhelming all of your infrastructure driving you from your home
Creating a humanitarian crisis when I beat you
You're fantasizing about a humanitarian crisis. No, I'm saying
For you
It'll be a typhoon that creates all sorts of issues the president has to come in
That's a whole mass fema drops the ball
And months years of recovery and even then
That's what's coming for you
You just don't get how to do it
You don't know how you don't know how to rub it in my face
It does this make you feel good because mostly it doesn't even make me feel bad
You make me feel confused and sad
Like I just bit into a twinkie
And there was no cream
And I'm like this cake by itself
It's just fucking empty carbs
Twinkie cake by itself is good
You can buy twinkies without the cream. What the hell you no
No, you can
They call them twinkie sponges
Stop making things up
I hate it. I hate what you're saying. Yeah, twinkie sponges oily cake. Mm-hmm
Drive an oily cake. It's delicious. I call it a calm little oil cigars
Sometimes they're hard to come by so you have to suck the cream out yourself with this syringe
Or you hollow it out
You hollow it out with them, you know, like the tip of a spoon. Sorry the other side of a thin or straw
You make someone else suck out the cream. I hate the twinkie cream
It makes a little bit of mess obviously you breach the integrity of the twinkie
So you need to eat it right away. Sometimes I'll wild poke a hole and I'll wash the cream out. Then the twinkie's really wet
So it's like a twinkie mush
Can we debate if murder should be legal?
Can we just debate that just this once can it be legal just this once?
And I don't want to do it myself. I want to just send you up
I want to send you to a cattle ranch and just have them take care of this
Stop threatening to kill me. No
No, you need to recognize how you need to stop. Please
I'm not begging
It's myself. I'm saying please stop him
But my contract says I can't
Kill you that's not in our murder is just illegal. It's not in our contract
It's my personal a personal contract. I made in my mind
I said
Obviously I'm a man of incredible power and means capable of great violence should murder. Yes. Okay, great fine
Thank you. Um, okay
Look, obviously murder is terrible and it's wrong
I'm not pro murder
all human life
90% of it's sacred
And this is that rare 10%
Where it's just not. Oh my god. You are literally debating
If you should kill someone you're such a bad person you are such a and listen to this
Just listen to him talking and you know in your heart like we got to do something
We can't let this keep happening
Normally I don't beg you chat, but like
Come on
Nobody wants to kill me even you have to admit it's just a bit that you constantly take too far. I do not admit that
I just said I don't want to do it myself
Look, I'm a man of peace
But I'll send you to a nice ranch where you can you can graze for a little bit
You can graze you can live out like a year of your life comfortably humane
It's a humane slaughterhouse and chef fortunately fucking agrees with me and that means I win
And that does mean that we will be contacting the farms
We'll be contacting local farms to see who does humane slaughter
And we'll be you know, so just you don't have to pack right away
But over the next couple of weeks pack up your bags
Just get you know, get your fares in order pack up your bags. Let your children know you're going on a vacation
But you know, obviously make peace with them and it'll be nice. It'll be classy
We'll send you out to the farm. You'll have a couple good weeks
Frolicing and then you know, we won't let you know the day. It's coming, but it'll come
Murder is not good. I know it's not but just as once
I'm not going to the farm. You lost you're not gonna go to the farm. I refuse to be murdered by you
or the farmers
That is so disrespectful people put hard work into those votes. I'm not going to a farm to be slaughtered like a cattle
It is creative problem solving. This is a win-win for everybody
You don't have to be yourself anymore and we don't have to look at you anymore
Well if murder is legal just as once then I should then I then I would be in within my rights to do the same to you
And I would even put it in the same parlance as you because it's honestly just so disturbing and sad
That you have to put it that way. I don't have to
I'm just trying to find solutions here
You try to you suck the you suck the cream out of twinkies. You don't even eat the cream
You're washing your twinkies out with water
Enough's enough man, so much as a trump guy
Well, I'm actually I'm I'm a me guy
He's got some points. He's got some points. Well, you know, he's got a vibe to him
There's parts of a vibe. I appreciate but mostly, you know, I think they really probably should have run me
Let's looking for the ultimate eject. You've literally I mean you've been on the dark side the whole time but
The fact you actually brought it to a vote on killing me. I think just shows
It just shows the level you're at and I think it encourages chat. We'll update the score though. Well dad, we're not counting it
Obviously that counts
Chat voted for your death
They voted for murder murdered be legal just as once
So now there's sort of a standing agreement between us that at any time it could come
Now you're threatening me. You've been saying you want to kill me for months
Ray Silva says it counts
Towards you. No. Well, look, I'm not going to kill you. You just gave up here all your negotiating power. What?
Now you got nothing to negotiate with
Now I'm the only one that wants to murder and I got all the negotiating power and that's now that's his bad negotiation
Just tell me you're not going to kill me so I don't feel uncomfortable coming to work
It could we at least set that as a bare minimum precedent
That are that our co-workers aren't allowed
Actively try to kill us
Then why did we do that debate because someone just a debate
If you don't say that you're not going to kill me. Oh what you're going to bring scrum in again
Checkmate again. Nobody wants scrumb back
I kind of want scrumb back actually. Yeah, fine. I refuse to admit it bring scrumb back. I'm not no scrums busy
scrums are doing other stuff now
I won't admit it
You it's it'll I'll shoe you
This is work. This has got to be some form of workplace harassment. I'm not saying I will kill you
I'm saying I'm going to send you to a farm where you will eventually be killed
That is so awful
Just consider the con consider even the implications of what you're saying. I've obviously you're not going to
But also, I know you're a coward so I know that you never will you think I'm a coward
Of course, you legitimately are in what sense
Just the sense of you're all talk. You don't do anything you say
Yeah, dude, what have you what have you executed on or choice of words? Well
I
Will be contacting local farms and who what kind of coward does that?
You're literally saying you're gonna make someone else do I
I'm done. I'm done. I'm done
I'm done. This is water. I'm this is any water under the bridge
I'm digging a cave and I'm filling it with this water and this water is out of bounds
You are not allowed to threaten to shed me to a farm where all I where I will be killed like a like a cow
Is somebody's being you're being so moody today your
At least you're being so moody today
Get over yourself get over myself get over yourself. It's always got to be all about you. It's literally about you killing me
update the score
I just think it's important to point out that this extreme is not in favor of murder in any sense
Should never come to that all life is in fact sacred
Um, so is the score
Not equally sacred, but that's why I'm updating even though
Obviously, I'm against the debate we just had but I am for the score
So I'm keeping an accurate. We're still at a strong five-point sort of standoff
Really close to catching up and I'd say let's pull that little positivity out of what's been a
Honestly a terrible debate from you a tear. I won the debate. Look my graphic is still going and I'm not stopping it
It was minutes ago. He was probably and I'm not stopping it
Let's get that straight and the debate was great. We both made good. I made good points
I made good points. You try you tried to make a point and I won fair and square and then you cheated in the other debate
And that's what happened today
Okay, well, um
Apologies to everyone for how this went. Just know he's all he's full of gas. You little gas ash boy. You're an ash boy
And that's it's full of gas
I'm saying you're full of hot air just
Okay, whatever go eat a fucking
Go eat a fucking empty twinkie. No, it's so it's an oily cake. Oh my god. All right
That's all the time. That's all the time we have for today. Sorry
To myself for having to put up with that
I'm not a gassy ass boy
I'm not a gassy ass. He bought
I won. Let's just not forget that I won. Can we please not forget that? I won't and you won't either of course you won't
And we'll we'll we'll check in on some farms and we'll just see what happens. All right. We'll talk to y'all soon. Bye. Bye
whoa
The double transition
A nice little murder debate there
It's sort of the subtext of all their debates. I think
Boily balls and dodge treats. I guess maybe maybe
All right, we think we had one more story we're gonna cover today. Oh, yeah invisible shields
What is that even look? What does it mean?
That's what we're here to find out. Hmm. They actually are invisible see invisible shields. That's
crazy
Wild invisibility shield
My god the new york post presenting actual
tech news
Let's find out
Oh, they got a video
um, okay, let's uh
Bring over chat. Oh wait. No. Well, he'll think this is science. What we haven't determined yet if this is science
Let's bring over lily on it
Uh to cover this important story
I'm right here already
It's just I'm just that fast
Daddy. Oh, hello everybody. It's me. It's lily on a breathing
Yeah
All right, um
Finally getting the predator. It seems like that could be on the horizon
Chet is not here. Oh, he is but he's not here here
Um, let's see what's going on today
It is
That's the ar influencer. Oh shoot. I don't have a story ready. Oh, damn it
Where's my story
Zart is
Okay, wild invisibility ability shield makes you disappear and play inside turning science fiction
Into reality. Oh god damn it
Chat just because it says the word science doesn't mean that it's your
So
Just because it says science doesn't mean it's not listen to what he just said. Obviously
It's a science time
It's a science guy and that's me. How's it going?
Nice to be here chat
And I know no dude that that was for sure science. I'm excited to do some with you
Today we're going to learn how to be like the gecko invisible
Um
Yeah or a chameleon but great point either way. Yes likes the gecko gecko. We will turn whatever color we want and provide excellent
Motorcycle insurance
Yep
Yes, I agree dude
Yes, it's your job. You have it's in your programming. It is your prom directive and you have no choice
Which really makes you one of the most honest creatures of all. That's true. Everything you're saying makes sense. Of course it does
And what else makes sense via the power of science is that there's invisibility shields now
Can you fucking believe it while the visibility shield makes you disappear in plain sight turning science fiction into reality?
I fucking have been ready for this. I've been preparing myself to be invisible for years. I watched the movie hollow man
I listened to that song if I were invisible, which is about a guy. I think
Stalking a woman or some shit
Um
And I feel finally ready for this scientific achievement. There's a video on this and and that's I'm extra ready
So let's see what the deal is
What what does it mean to be invisible? Let us find out
We have
And we've been working to turn that dream into a reality
What the
No
Oh my god, they're bigger lighter and more powerful than ever
You used to have to put stats into intelligence dude. It's kind of shit and now you can just pay a scientist. That's so sick
And the mega shield
The largest shield we've ever built which stands over six feet tall
Enabling you to hide people. It was low audio and well just about anything. Sorry. The audio was invisible
Wait a minute. People couldn't hear that. So let's watch it one more time
Can we see that one more time, please?
Not the rock the other thing
There new york post stop it. I need to see all this sick science one more third power
And let's just play music over it because what they're saying is boring as shit
Mostly the headline here is look at this this fucking guy is the worst all sorcerers now
I'm assuming I can afford this shit because I'm I'm probably rich I think
Um, so I might disappear in any moment just like all these fucking cool cool cool teenagers and stuff
That guy had a whole camera bag and that shit disappeared
I don't think there's any malicious ways you can use this. This is positive invisibility for everyone
um
so
Just know
When you're walking around the world, you might think you're alone
But the beautiful thing is now you never know if you're alone
Meaning that there's always a friend somewhere nearby
And maybe that friend's a science guy
just like me
and
How does it work is another question that probably has been asked any guesses
Probably a camera system and some sort of display. No, it's actually probably I use camille
chameleon air dna the rapper himself donated his dna to
Plastic and then they combined his chameleon air dna with pat plastic and the gakko geckos
And courtesy of that
Now it's the future finally pretty soon. We're gonna catch up to back to the future too
So I'm excited for fucking flying cars and shit too. I mean, I've been knowing that's coming for a while
But I guess let's learn whatever they think how they did it is and then we'll test our own theories
California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia opt out of privacy rickets
That's not what I wanted to know about
Oh, oh, that's oh, that's they're saying this is about that
Well, I think there's probably some concern over privacy rights given that this could make you sort of invisible
Yeah, but you can still kind of see him. You just got to be more careful how you're looking
Um information we all
This can't be the same story
Information we all sell shit if there's parties we sell
What the fuck this is the different story
All right, sorry guys somehow my story's got combined
I think
All right, here we go
This is the actual story. I could see how there'd be cons. What the fuck new york post
This is why we try to use this shit and it just doesn't work
Oh, this is an ad that it's making us. Okay. Here's the story
This is all ads
What technology is failing me?
Oh my god fine
Need help contact support. Can I just not read this story?
Because of this fucking ad shit
One second chat. I'm gonna try to fix this. Oh my god. It's unfixable
Please just let me fucking read man
All right, there we go. I think we're finally there
Oh my god. All right, uh, this is no
New york post
I just want to learn and it won't let me
All right, I guess I'll disable my ad blocker. That was an option the whole time. I guess
Don't use it here
Okay, and now let me
Jesus Christ this site has a ton of pop-ups
Science is so difficult because of stuff like this
All right, um
New york posts pretty much
This is no magician Jesus Christ. There's no magicians act british startup
Invisibility shield co has revealed that it's created six foot tall mega shield being sold for $828. Wait a minute
That actually is kind of surprisingly affordable
I'm slightly like I could I could actually get that shit
Yep, I mean uh-oh
Well, uh-oh for what I mean. Oh, that's cool
It is objectively pretty cool. No, I mean it is it is cool. We could science line for only $828
and then
I can like my enemies will never see me coming
Well, we might want to figure out how it works a little bit before you drop nearly a thousand dollars on it
Doesn't that seem like not that high of a price to be invisible?
They claim they can make multiple people invisible like something straight out of a harry potter film
The shields utilize ultra large precision engineered lens arrays from which the face of each shield and redirect light that reflects off
The person standing behind the shield
From the observer wait, that's not how either of us guess it works
Precision engineered lens array which form the face of the shield and redirect light that reflects off the person
Standing behind the shield. Well, I think a lens array could be a bunch of
You know camera like lenses
No, it's an array of like magnifying glasses or some shit
Hmm. I mean I'm not entirely sure
I don't know if this information is publicly available and thus it's not in my memory. Thanks. Okay. Well, you're sounding fucking boring
The shields utilize. Anyway, they utilize magnets or some shit
The shape and placement of these lenses then causes background light from either side of the shields to spread over the apparatus
His face they've directed towards the observer instead
Effectively making whatever is behind disappear in plain sight
However, the technology does not blend into it surrounding perfectly and does create a blurred block
But what a lot of people already have kind of bad vision because we look at screens all day
so
You could get it so that puffy bear can sneak around without waiting for you to leave. Oh, yeah cases haunted bear can finally have some privacy
That's another thing this provides is sometimes you're in public
And you want some privacy. So you stick this thing in front of you and then
You can make out with a baddie. You can um take a poop
You can do all the stuff that you usually can't do in the middle of a restaurant
Um, yeah, dawg. I mean, I guess if you were up against a wall and
You wanted to poop in the middle of a restaurant then that would work for sure
Yeah, exactly
I mean that's situation comes up at least a couple times a week for people right like you got to go and you're like
Well, I have a bag, but it's too exposed
You poop you want moving a bag in the middle of a restaurant
I mean I want to want to say well now you're gonna have the option
I gotta do is set up your gotta set up your screen shield
You know without your back facing anybody
And and you know, there's other stuff you could do. Maybe you just like you just want some privacy for your phone call
Well, I think they'd still hear you, but yeah, you'd be less visible
Yeah, but then you also speak in a different accent. So then they're like, where's that voice coming from now? You're a ventriloquist
And no one can see you
You're hollow man, but a ventriloquist and you're like
Bonchouir
Mon Cherie
The tax situation
is good
And also let's sex chat now
Yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah great point. Thank you. That's all I was waiting for. Uh, okay
While I went back to the top of the story, this is this one of the most ad riddled websites. There is and I'm impressed
Um invisibility shield co first released its product in 2022
Adversizing a full-size shield measuring three feet tiles. I mean full-size for like a little dog
Uh for 355
354 and smaller version standing at eight inches tall being sold for 54 inches
That ain't even gonna cover up like, you know, they ain't gonna cut her up a little chef
It's only eight inches. You fucking know what I mean shit
Yeah, I fucking guess you dude. What you're saying is that your penis is big
He fucking gets me. Oh, shit. We have a demanded for coverage
The demanded has come in from live in sleazy
And what was demanded is
um
Coverage just let me know what story you want
And if it signs, I'll just roll right in and if not, I guess I'll stop
Oh, you're gonna stop this. I guess I mean if I have to I guess I'll stop playing, um
Well, you're pretty much done anyway, right? I don't I maybe
The team began crowdfunding on Kickstarter in hopes of turning science and fixing into reality in 2022
And quickly surpassed their 6600 dollar goal expecting to ship to customers by the end of your dude. That guy's mostly invisible
I mean, I'm taller than him probably because I'm like a big guy
Yeah, you're one of the biggest guys. I've say that all the time. I'm a big fucking guy
But maybe I got two of these bad boys. That's only like
1800 bucks
Stack those bad boys up. I'm invisible as shit
I can take a nap in the middle of the restaurant after I poop
I set up these things long ways lay on the ground
There's really no limit to how you can be invisible with these
And then and all of it's positive. It's all positive talking
Possibilities are endless, but most see they agree with me. The possibilities are endless
But most important of all these shields are great fun. They're fun to play around with and exciting for us to make
They updated the kicks. Oh, they still got a Kickstarter
latest field the version of the invisibility shield can hide multiple people
Um, the last chat story about bill 9. Oh, there's a bill 9 story. That's absolutely up my
alley because
He's not like an inspiration exactly
He's more like um, we're like we're like rivals that respect one another
Oh, I thought you kind of based this whole show on him
This is my thing
Which is because we're in a similar field doesn't mean that we're we're rivals, dude
Like if this was a yugioh episode
It'd be two. It'd be two or three episodes
Of us just fucking using all our best cards against each other
Wow, that's sick, dude. It's important to have rivals and goals. Absolutely
Anyway, the rest of it seems to just be what the fuck how to shrink in a large prostate
Damn, mine is big as hell. Maybe I should look that up later. I'll save that for later
We got to talk about bill 9 for now
Bill 9 answers all your burning questions about the solar eclipse
I could probably do this too if I really wanted but I guess I'll let bill take this one
Whoa, look at him. Damn it. I want sunglasses. I can do that too
You're not gonna beat me just because I'm you're not gonna top best me this time rival
Let's play some fucking music
Yeah, bill 9 answers all your burning questions about the solar eclipse
Bill 9 says you can't miss this month's solar eclipse. Fuck. I think I already did. I know I might have
For more than three decades, bill now the science guy has ain't only schooled us. I know
And anyway, he's gonna take the celestial spectacle that is this your solar eclipse
I really encourage everybody to take the day that midday drive up the road
Get in the totality your if you're not quite in the path. It's not quite the same. Fuck go away
Taking about three minutes 18 seconds. It will change your life. Well, what's the date bill?
New York City isn't in the direct path of the eclipse meaning we'll see only about 89 percent. I'm not in
What about us in less anguish?
An interactive map of the planetary society's website shows that some nearby cities like rochester and bufalo
And syracuse will see the full
A full eclipse. Fuck. It's not even for us. He's for those coastal fucking elites
Yeah, the the other coast. Dude, you look sick in those sunglasses. You look great. Yeah, man
We're fucking rocking these. We're like the fucking blues brothers right now
Dude, we are exactly like the blues brothers, dude
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. That's you singing blues brothers. What's me doing with the blues brothers?
Dude, you sound great. Thank you. Thank you. Nice. He's learning at my side and he's becoming cooler by the day chit taking
Syracuse will see the full eclipse and I says it's worth getting out there. He looks pretty good
We look good, too though
But if you can't make it out the city, there are plenty of eclipse events. Thank god to enjoy
here
where's here fuck this is for time out new york i'm not there that's the one thing bill's never
understood well is where i am you should keep better tabs on me because we're rivaled yeah this
is an insensitive to you dude that you're not in the place you're talking about exactly
anyway it's a so-called shared experience not said adding it's like the experience of watching a
Manhattan Hange with lots of new yorkers but this will be even better the total eclipse in
Manhattan Hange turned up to 11 he says the total eclipse is Manhattan Hange turned up to 11 that's
what they just they just fucking got me they wrote the same thing twice no matter where you go to see
it you must use eclipse glasses one step ahead of you i'm gonna go and stare straight at the
sun with these bad boys right after this well chat um these are technically just sunglasses
exactly they're eclipse glasses yep yeah uh eclipse glasses are not regular sunglasses regular
sunglasses no matter how dark or not safe for viewing the sun wait a minute are these not
eclipse glasses they're not they're not don't stare at the sun you just told me i should
oh i said it's cool you gotta be honest with me dude i literally can't be what do you mean
i have to agree with you yeah exactly be honest with me yeah we get each other do it exactly yeah
exactly you can even find bill not branded glasses here you can also pick up the free
eclipse classes at local libraries oh shit and bill's about to talk to our dumbasses
let's fucking see what he's got going what you cooking on bill from one science guy to another
what's the fucking sitch also how can i see this if i'm in LA here's an eclipse tip you want to see
the eclipse but you don't want to look at the sun even with a pair of sunglasses not even two pairs
i already know that now i must one step ahead of him 10 pairs of sunglasses that's funny as fuck there's
too many eclipse glasses like these totality oh my god i think bill nye is becoming a cultist
did you see that at the end there he's fucking worships the dark sun now i had the same thought as
well dude i'm worried about bill i think he's going into the dark arts yeah dude i think bill might
have passed into the realm of the devils and satans and now he worships the dark sun
and it comes from the best of us dog that's why you gotta keep your spirit strong talk
exactly chateau anyway once you've got the eclipse glasses safely secured nye recommends
being in the moment leave the photography to the pros who know how to do it safely and we'll
post their photos online okay we get you bill we also now have a conspiracy time because you've
summoned the devil into our reach and and thus conspiracies are the science that has
not been photosynthesized yet but for that process of synthesization we'll send it over
to our friend clementine who also is of a science of the ilk that isn't science and thus
is the end of this segment and back to not mean wait is there no audio for me either
there's no graphic no audio wait no graphic even it should at least be an image or cases lbs is
in serious trouble which maybe it is all along maybe it's always been trouble and now we're
just realizing it for the first time either way i'm clementine the um of secret of all things
because all things is the truth what they're mixed up like you know a collage but where somebody
took all pieces of clothes they moved them around where they're not supposed to be and what we do here
is we piece back together the collage so that when you put all together the right way actually
forms a picture of a bird you're like that's cool that birds make a bunch of different little pictures
that's what we do here did you guys hear the audio for the for the intro if you didn't just
know it was mysterious and it prepared you for the feeling of truth today i'm assuming we're
looking into the deep well of hidden knowledge that is bill nye conspiracies or either that or
say tennis worshiping the black sun and for that i'll have to do what i always do because i'm fearless
and type into youtube bill nye conspiracy and just see what happens i'm not afraid of what i'll find
bill nye conspiracy theories nash's moon landing vaccine astrology and tarot cards
i always knew this was the kind of stuff bill's into he's a real one that's why he's not afraid to
talk about the truth the truth that nasa didn't land on the moon the truth that vaccines is
we've got like microbes that control your i don't know bowel movements also astrology is real and
tarot cards predict the future these are all the things bill knows about to tell us and i'm glad
that finally a scientist is coming forward to reveal the truth that a lot of what they say is
meant to confuse us so let's see what bill has to say i'm excited for this one stop it there we go
all right let's see is bow ties a i i believe it my question is how do you reach someone who is
maybe a conspiracy theorist or someone who is anti vaccines someone who is staunchly scientific
scientifically literate and agree with them on what a good source of facts is thank you you know
people call me a literate i say it's ill how literate i am try again and what this guy doesn't
realize is that he's just reached bill nigh who's probably about to school him on the truth so daniel
how do i how do i recommend reasoning with a conspiracy theorist i'm right now uh the last
couple months i've been messing around with this idea of cognitive dissonance all right this is to
say you have a worldview you're presented with evidence that conflicts with the worldview so you
you either have to change your worldview which is hard because you've lived your whole life with
it or you just dismiss the evidence and dismiss the authorities that may have provided the evidence
the authority exactly he's talking about what i go through every day where i know a bunch of facts
i know a bunch of truth i tell it very clearly and people say all conspiracies here is so far
bills a hundred percent as usual on point could be a person or it could be a book or excuse me an
article on the on the electric internet computer machine so you dismiss the evidence so that you
don't have this discomfort this conflict in your mind this dissonance that's what i'm working with
right now and apparently the way to overcome that is to say we're all in this together let's learn
about this together present the conspiracy theorist with the idea that he or she may be rejecting
evidence because it's just so uncomfortable bills so next level that right now he's talking about
people that don't believe in things that are traditionally called conspiracies they're the
conspiracy theorists and he's saying like you know approach them that way they're saying
awians aren't real that video just showed me of an awian on a hill was actually clearly just a guy on
a hill why would you even think it's an awian it's it's like you can see the guy in shorts
you know the kind of stuff i hear every day bill saying look these people they they refuse to
admit what's right in front of them stay strong let you let them know that you're all in this
together and that's what i literally do here that and you're in it together we're in it together
i'm uncomfortable too but yeah exactly when it comes to moon landings that are just ask the person
how you would generate all that paperwork exactly warehouse is full of documentation for landing
on the moon can you imagine how much paperwork would be met would be created by landing on
the moon for real and that's why bill's saying we didn't oopsie oh shoot we are not collections of
atoms and molecules we are stop science me i'm trying to learn from bill nigh here uh to
make landings on the moon would overwhelm any anybody trying to do it on the side you just it
just be very difficult to print all that and just understand it's a process somebody who has
a worldview that's inconsistent with evidence and i may have some
say look how humble it takes a while for you to turn around like the example of palm reading
or astrology it's not something people reverse their ideas about immediately it takes in my
a lot of people don't believe in it and it's really hard to convince them that you just looked at
their hands and predicted when the apocalypse is but that's something i've done literally dozens of
times it takes about two years for somebody to sort of look at palm reading look at cold reading or
a tarot card reading for a while and then realize that these tarot card readers palm readers are
just taking information that you've given them the clients given them of feeding it back to you
exactly that's a long time in the same way people who uh who are anti-vaccine i think have
just lost a sight of the history vaccines you know part of the reason i'm able to be here talking
with you is my grandparents did not die in 1918 because they got the spanish flu
he's about to say because they got the spanish flu once again he's he is so next level that
what he's saying is people are anti-vaccine that is actually for the vaccines
like if you like he is so aware of what vaccines are that he is actually pro-vaccine because he's
pro the truth so he's pro letting us know that the pot is poison that we can't put in our veins
spanish flu when it is estimated 50 million people died twice as many people's were killed
in combat in world war one died of this disease good old cemeteries you can see these tombstones
of very young people so bad people just lost sight of history and you can we all tend to go
well look at the facts change your mind but it's like sped right there but i think what he was
saying is like so many people got vaccinated again that for the spanish flu two million of them died
that's just more proof you know on the side on the right side of history which is his basic
point to change their mind so my recommendation daniel is stick with it you'll get frustrated
the person will get frustrated but present the idea of cognitive dissonance this is my latest idea
about a way to work together to scientific understanding i literally couldn't have said
about myself it's such a relief to deal with an actual scientist because that be that king came in
he came in hot he's like bill there's conspiracies and my mind isn't ready to be opened up to
that level what do i do bill was patient with them he said look you've been presented with a lot of
facts that you're not ready to accept so i've put things in such a way that sometimes you almost
think i'm agreeing with you but obviously he's on our side cognitive dissonance it's real some
people they can literally be presented with the most basics of facts and they're literally they're
literally say like well actually what you're saying supports me and you're like no listen to what
i'm saying and some people just won't listen they literally will miss here everything that you say
just to keep their flimsy worldview afloat in their silly little brains for a couple weeks longer
before the truth comes crashing down all over them because the truth is is always actually
it's right here i happen to summon it into a tight ball of truth a spirit bomb of truth
if you will i'll say everybody give me your truth i've got to throw it a phraser and then i do
get two years maybe even three years who knows who eats sometimes i believe that years is
a force measurement of time propagated by pa julia's Caesar to try to sell more salad dressing
that's the truth he's a real time law that avoided plagues and vaccinations through time
i believe it bilna is a very sharp chap he could easily get on the wavelength to never age much as
i have i'm pretty sure i'm not some people say i look older occasionally and i say i actually just
look more stately i'm aging into a more powerful being i'm not aging aging i believe the conspiracy
theory that the election was not rigged and the earth is spherical i know i'm wild that's
interesting i haven't heard that conspiracy theory before quickly but i'm always ready to learn
more i'm sure there's a lot of people that would say that that's not true which makes me think
that maybe it's a chance that it could be interesting so there's a there's a nugget to
truth out there everywhere and people want to hide the truth from you but anytime someone says
i believe a conspiracy theory this you should really hear them out and that's why quickly you
walk up you could be on to something i think you could be on to something or that what is
existence if not a conspiracy of particles and waves a great point you've seen a surfer
they seem like they have nothing going on in their brain they love waves and yet waves is the most
fundamental aspect of reality there's something to think about and just know that i'll be here
doing the whole thinking for all of us because i'm not afraid to think my way through the maze
a mouse who doesn't even know if there's cheese but knows that cheese is real and when he gets
to that cheese the cheese a child will be in his mouth and into his stomach and then
pass through directly into this room because the truth is right here all right um a debate has
been demanded again oh my god they're stringing them together i forgot you can even do more than one
of those a stream all right i'll bite uh what would you like to see debated big j dub
no fighting Shakira said Shakira Shakira who wins a fight fiona or the rooster
oh my god all right just to just to prep us for this let's look at a picture of fiona nova
all right okay a picture of a rooster this is important to visualize boom here's a rooster
there's a bunch here's fiona nova here's a grainy picture of fiona nova and here's a rooster
i don't know who to pick these are two powerful contenders
i i i'm not jealous of bunch of crap for having to sort this one out
we're gonna have to hurry they do have to go soon oh my god i just saw preview of the future
um but we'll send it over to him so they can figure it out uh it's time for yet again munch and
crumb y'all just can't get enough of me today i understand i understand the allure the power like
the valour smooth on the skin nice to the touch always nice on the eyes i'm back again and i'm
i'm not afraid to debate infinite amounts of times in a day because i've never been a coward for a second
some people though some cowards refuse to flee and leave forever and and one of them
sitting right next to me some cowards refuse to flee the brave thing to do would be to flee
and never come back against me but you're too cowardly to retreat and and just go away
it's the brave thing you want to be brave you're not gonna not gonna reverse psychology
here here buddy you barely have basic psychology down so why don't you eat up i will eat up your whole
the whole system what i don't know um we're debating if a rooster if you own a novel win in a fight oh
what i don't know she was out rooster teeth so she's like part rooster oh is that how that
works i think yeah i think they're all part rooster over there she retired she's a retired
rooster she's a former rooster where's the current rooster um well then i
well look she's a person okay and and the roosters are rooster so there's their little
she'll win roosters are literally famous for fighting i i mean in a sense but you know
also no not humans humans are way bigger roosters have way more fight i'm sorry then well obviously
i would win the fight with rooster and no disrespect if you own a novel well i consider
a closer personal friend but a rooster a vicious fucking rooster with the claws i'm going with the
rooster well i mean just think about it for two seconds you want to just kick the well i
guess we'll save it for the debate if we don't have a mod that minds making that kind of ludic let's
be real a little bit of a ludicrous debate ludicrous i ain't seen any giant fucking form arms
anywhere near here i'm i'm seeing rooster teeth roosters don't have teeth they have beaks that's
why i heard the her thing was named rooster teeth because it's sort of innately silly
the only thing silly here is that you're discounting the possibility of a rooster winning a fight
also i don't know we have a mod here so make the fucking pull yourself um you don't have to
ask so aggressively you really don't just so you know uh okay you pull uh rooster v fiona rooster
fiona and i'll just to clarify who wins and um that all looks good and there it is
you're ready you're ready for this you ready for me to actually make a little progress today
send this to a only four points away this oh yes he doesn't know he has no actual facts to debate
so he just is like oh vote for me because change is fun like every fucking democrat just call
him for change with no ideas we'll watch extremely uh it's extremely you're diminishing a lot of
things there and simplifying things in a regular way which is not surprising given that you think a
rooster could actually beat a human in a fight look this is i like fiona fiona is great this
isn't even about fiona a rooster just can't beat a you know a fully embodied uh physically capable
human even like a standardly physically capable human there's just little you can step on a rooster
you can around you break their neck i you know it's kind of vicious stuff here but there's a reason
you know we kill chickens on the regular a rooster is just a just a guy chicken
because he's a guy just means he's just a chicken of a chance in this cock this cock fight
just shut shut the Jesus shut the fuck up what just listen a rooster is vicious and i like feel
about i don't think she has a lot of fighting experience maybe if she was training for one
of those fucking creator classes or something she'd have a chance but your average rooster
was raised to battle all right they're born fucking vicious they got the claws they literally won't
shut the fuck up they're calling for fights 24-7 right me that's a rooster literally all day
they're fucking rocket noodles uh roosters are spokespeople i think then that family guy episode
peter griffin basically loses to a rooster who's still fighting him to this day and i have a
watch in a while but probably it's a good recurring bit roosters are dangerous bad boys bad boys
for life in fact bad boys it's taking your life in fact bad boys my new wife in fact and i fucking
win is what i'm building up to saying i don't want what you couldn't think of a way to rhyme
life and win no i wasn't thinking at all well that's it's no surprise oh look at him
look at him he refuses to get murdered and now he's in a bad mood
this will be a problem if you let me send you to that farm upstate
but i'll be over sweet release maybe you'll be reincarnated as like a
dung beetle or something you'll finally be with your people exactly the old murder
mope get over yourself stop being such a baby this is about celebrating me this is about
celebrating my massive comeback my endless wins the fact that i literally can't lose
congrats on another six points away that seems like a long road because
pace doesn't even stream that many times in a week who knows how long it could take for you to
come back from this and technically you've never come back because isn't it even by your fucked up
metrics a fact that you've never been in first uh well i won a memorial election to be the
to be the mayor of crimpton so i say i don't think you're too but winning actually
and i i managed the city for hundreds of years not even a hundred oh so you watch no update
the score you're lucky i like an accurate score you're lucky you're getting into those
chicago bowls victory years now 91 baby 1991 update my score to 1991 you only have 91 91 points
it's only six away oh that's that's before you were bragging about how you're like three away
four away six just seems like a lot now doesn't it that seems like a lot you think you can make
them on that ground it's at one point i was down by like 40 you're admitting you were down by 40 i've
never not admitted that there have been various enjoy it while you can how about that enjoy it
while you can because you know it's going up to a farm upstate is this ego of yours when i finally
check it uh mic check one two one two it's over for you as i get the score 292 i think you're
stuck i think i'm on the six streak crumb back starting whenever case does this stream again
uncle philtu k you'll get there now your whole contingency is out of points they tried you tried
to you tried to save them up you tried to you tried to push for the win with your your ill
but gotten super packed money but it's fucking over for you the facts are on my side the
reasons on my side and everything else is also on my side looks mental acuity just vibes everything
is on my side your vibes is trash my funds is not trash your vibes is trash trans vibes
call oscar the grouch call oscar the grouch and crawl to crawl to his trash can you gross muppet
that's the best your gross muppet if you were a muppet you'd be one that i would not want to
put my hand in okay i mean i would be a good muppet so that's silly but i'm that's not upsetting
oh really that you'd be a subpar muppet i'd be a good muppet and you'd want to put your hand in me
but that's so dumb i'm not mad about it learn to insult me better you piece of you'd be a bad muppet
you'd be the you'd be the worst one you'd be one of the big you'd be one of the ones that they show
the feet of you're a bad muppet looks like everyone a little short spot i'm not sore i've never had
a sore i'm sorry to victory play my music get me out of here get me no don't zoom in on me zoom
out zoom out from me and a great boot i won check the graphic i actually what i did was i won
and i'm gonna continue doing that straight women forever infinite winstreet continues next time
we see you i love you all i hate him you know how it is we'll see you soon bye bye nice
okay we're going to do our leon subgoal that we did yesterday and then we're gonna get out of
here and then we're gonna flee to the mountains also i think i just missed a call from kendall
i did i'll call her back in 10 minutes she won the battle but the war is not over
at this rate it could never be over potentially
oh wait a minute fix the thing i have to fix another thing all right
is that yay okay uh let's set it over to dj music who will
guide leon through whatever we want his theme song to be and then we'll call it for the day
um the music's pumping it's time for some music there we go okay we're back again y'all
we're out on the roof again we're loving the roof this time
got a leather roof y'all
all right let me get my lasers going i love my lasers a lot well everybody's having a great day
it's a music day as always well i'm not gonna be doing it but i'm gonna there's a young cia agent
that's freshly cloned from somewhere or some shit um who's apparently dying
on the regular and dying to make a theme song and i always have been support of people finding
the music finding the love so let's let them do it y'all want to know
everybody's having a great thursday it's almost the weekend or as i call it the freak and the
end of freaks where the freak's gonna die all right let's see um i gotta make a poll
i need to make a poll for leon's music hole this poll's already active i want a new poll
so the way this works leon's gonna make a theme song for himself but we're gonna vote on it first
if anybody has any idea for a theme song based probably on a different song that they'd like leon
to make leon kennedy that is from resident evil four two and various um rail shooter games that
are debatably worth playing throw them in the chat and we'll find them we'll make a song for leon
the song for leon to go off to go out kings of leon all right i'm just gonna put that in there
and he'll pick one the kings are here my kings are leon kings of leon kennedy yeah that sounds
pretty good that seems good to me wow wow wow i think there was a while ago can i kick it
was suggested i don't even know if he needs to change any lyrics there can i kick it yes you can
zombie by the cranberries that does make a whole world a sense zombie cranberry oh my god we actually
ran out of starter track monster mash that's it was a smash a graveyard smash to the head with a leon
macho chat he can just do it too and uh police truck rather dead kennedys that's pretty good he is a
policeman or lean on me i'm on the last one lean on me leon me we might take that one just because
it's a pun i can't say no to a pun we're gonna decide we're gonna be done all right the poll is live
live unlike a zombie this poll is live all right the poll is here only four options and chats are
clear but if you go to twitch chat then you can vote on that then you can see which song's gonna get
deadly on smack so far it looks like monster mash is in the lead but who knows anything in here
could potentially get the vote they got the greed they got the speed they got the leon kennedy
who's gonna win this put off let's see gotta have help from me the poll's coming in easy all right
looks like we've got a winner is about to be determined which song is leon gonna do it's
monster mash monster mash oh it's a graveyard smash that's built to last never get a pass
fine little monster ass give that a graveyard smash
let's find that track and then we'll bring leon right back
you never left all right let me see monster mash instrumental again i kick again i kick it was
a pretty good choice too but i do like monster mash uh monster mash instrumental check this
shit out some goopy sloopy noises is this this doesn't have the lyrics though oh wow this has a
lot of goopy noises all right this sounds familiar let's hear the original while we
prep this monster mash song all right all right now look usually i let i let my brain fly free
but i don't know if that's what we want from mr kennedy so uh we're gonna we're gonna use some
good old that's right chat gpt i gotta log in god
was monster mash always so wet i don't this one doesn't sound as wet maybe we should find a better
instrumental
all right let's see
um you're a songwriter yeah yeah write a parody version of the song monster mash
as closely as possible to the original song
while updating the lyrics just to be about leon kennedy
leon is a cop from raccoon city
he fights zombies and bug people and a uh spanish transylvanian king named salazar
as well as a cult leader named adam sandler
um also he protects the president's daughter
ashley and a hot spy named aida is in love with him
all right will it do it oh shit i forgot to mention pirates he might add a little bit about pirates
the part of the sick this looks like it's good to go
so um let's get the man himself ready to go
it's like he's wearing his best suit i see him coming up the elevator right now
we need the instrumental back maybe we can find a better instrumental though
instrumental yeah i'm mental okay this sounds a little better or does it it's still so much
wetness i guess the lab is wet as hell well we'll just go with it
um okay nice let's get let's get leon kennedy out here i can see him chomping at the bit
ready to rock leon come on out leon kennedy on brow yes good to go and looking great as always
take those sunglasses off look me in the eyes i thought you'd have blue eyes under there
i'm not blue eyes man you look weird without your glasses i do da da da do you do yeah this
chin straps looking good today shave my chin strap for y'all looking good man yeah
all right what the hell am i doing singing a monster mash i don't think about mashing up monsters
i mash him up easy easy monster mash gg get those glasses back off look me in the eyes
why do you want to look my eyes so bad i love eyes eye contact so important when you're
kicking someone i see you spit kick leon's into the strap yeah i'm strapped in to my own chin
all right what's the what am i fucking singing here what's the deal what's the juice
monster mash yeah i can do that where's my lyrics i'm more of a freestyle
runner kicker cia agent but i can make whatever work i'm smooth like that america all right uh
oh you gotta record this don't you shit set that up for me set it up for me champ
put your glasses back on set that shit up my bad i should have already had that going
all right let's see so many things to do to make a song it turns out even when you do the absolute
bare minimum to make a song there's still a couple things that you gotta do to make a song
bop badoo why isn't this working oh my god this isn't working either
give me a break recording no it's okay it is working it's working it's working
we're working baby all right leon let's do this thing let's do it oh i can't see
there we go i had my inner eyeglasses on that's a thing that's a thing all right
monster mash monster mash graveyard smash i'm getting in the head zone i'm getting in the head
zone i'm getting in the space i'm ready to mash i was leon caned all right i see it let's do it
saloopi gloopy in the lab and when i see a lab what i do is i usually record here we go i was working
in raccoon city oh not quite i was working in raccoon city late one night when my eyes be held
an eerie sight for my boss he sent me on a mission so wild to fight zombie bug pee pee truly
horrified it was a leon mash a zombie smash leon kennedy took on creatures in a flash it was a leon
mash fighting through the night protecting ashley with aida by his side cellas are the Spanish king
with his plan so grand leon took him down with a steady hand and kick and there was adam sandler
a cult leader bold but leon wasn't afraid he has a heart of gold it was a leon mash it was a zombie
smash leon kennedy took out all of the creatures in a flash it was leon mash fighting through the
night protecting ashley with aida by his side from the streets of raccoon city to the castle
hi leon never faltered he's our hero guy with his trusty gun and his tactical mind he takes
on any challenge cause he's one of a kind leon mash yes and they smashed leon kennedy and tanking
at the creatures in a flash it was leon mash fighting through the night protecting ashley
with aida by his side she loves me it was a leon mash a zombie smash leon took out all the creatures
in a flash it was a leon mash fighting through the night protecting ashley with aida by my side
i fucked them up with a nasty kick because leon kennedy is too damn sick adam sandler came in like
cold leaders going down like ya ya ya ya ya leon smash zombie smash take out every creature in
a flash leave all those bug people super mashed protecting ashley aida get smashed i threw that
in there i threw that in there i do think i think we got a shot i think she's into me
you think she's into you i think she's playing hard to get by being an international criminal
and running for me but i think i'll leon mash monster smash never met a creature that i couldn't
gash see a fucking bug what's happening what the hell is happening what the hell was that i honestly
don't know man they need to get the tech around here fixed they're fucking with my vibes fucking with
my vibes it was a smash look cacophony and noises a lot of bobbling and burbling and what was that
about science i don't know man chet booby trapped me who's this chet guy do you think he's half
the man i am he probably thinks he's like 10 times the man you are what we'll see if he's 10 times
the kick that i am yeah well look i mean whatever i'm chill i'm chill it's all about chill but it's all
about chill vibes it is it's all about chill vibes i gotta kill some pirates i'm gonna i'm gonna
fucking kill every pirate on the planet whoa that's a little extreme is it maybe i'm just that extreme
see you later it's been a dream smooth vibes giving the mood alive
with some hot stream ending smooth vibes all right that's in the bag let's find another stream
that we can rap yeah i'm a real bad man i go to twitch tv and i find someone to rap
let's see that's an easy one i see katsum g what's he doing what's the stream that he started
is he talking shit i'm managing a supermarket i don't know either way we're gonna raid katsum g
and that's that's fun for me wesker would pester me about leon for his tv virus tester
and in the end of his chester chester yes sir that's the stream all right let's just shout
him out until we get out of here for the day give me it i need it i need something a little
more structure to it here we go thank you all for watching thanks for coming through we got the
chatters as we leave so shout outs to greg to you we got a nice little chat and you know who keeps
it easy you know i'm talking about that mastermind that's our boy live it's easy i am on the news
and i never slipped and you could end the world and there would be a scapacalypse
commander gale got a real nice head and getting ahead is apple devil coming straight out of the
hot to jail yeah s 1000 giving our chat a real hard pound in they never fucking fail because
that's all matt let out scapacalypse coming through again how does it end a junk dog gearless
joe now mad with the best name my friend okay scomer and that's one of our last chats coming away
and from the back but we're saying bye bye quack quack see you later haters we're done five four
three two one haha that's so ready to cast some fucking g and we will see you