Hello everybody
Tim totally Tim
Tim come over and do the news with me quick. Well, I'm only doing it for like two hours. Good to see everybody junk dog gearless Joe nomad
Psycho we got a demanded expert already. Oh my god command their gab doctor cool
You guys are in my camera now. You're in the monitor
And it feels right entity
Yes, lady all the tricks Street Marine King of bacon. Oh, yeah guys, it's almost crunch mistime
I mean not today
But Sunday at seven
I've tried to split the difference between
Psycho are wanting it later. Psycho are of course being our number one master of news and
You know not having so late for the East Coast
Hello YouTube anybody's watching on YouTube you can subscribe on YouTube
You can even chat on YouTube, but I see it because I got the multi-stream chat
There's also I can't see polls anymore annoying and yeah, I gotta figure that out
CV Oh, who did I say?
Who did I blame?
I'm not blaming CV. I'm happy to accommodate CV. Let's
Let's do this topless, you know for the art. I can't know it was given to us and it was taken away
I am a fictional character essentially and I well, I can be topless because it's sort of well
Can guys be topless? I think they can
Because boobs are too sexy
Dutch a rudder oh two zero eight things for the follow yeas
What'd you say?
Men have always been able to go top. So it is indeed a double standard
But it is a society wide double standard at least so twitches in at least widespread bad company
Nipples for all I mean honestly, I do think I do think it's silly that we treat breasts like they're fucking
toxic waste dump
Don't let them be seen
Hide it deep underground
This is how we change the world who would be hurt if boobs were everywhere. Let me ask you this. Who is it hurting?
Who would be in pain me I
Get to you turned up
That's your problem chat is a classically male problem
Getting fully bricked getting turned up
It's unfair chat, it's unfair that you're restricting everyone not that anyone needs to show their boobs. It just should have the option I
Won't show mine either because it gives people the same problem
people of all like of all
Persuasion would get bricked if I were to go topless about that shot
Said if you were a real male, you could control the brick. What do you think of that Travis? I?
Thought she was on my side. I thought we were boys. I see you in there. I'm as male as it gets
That's too much masculinity to be contained. That's what people aren't understanding. I don't think that's what they're not understanding
You turn them against me dying Carly on they
That's not a quote from them. I'm pretty sure it is
now Pacino walks up
To Don Corleone and he says you've turned them against me dying Corleone and then he eats an orange
You I'm you know I usually don't tell people watch the Godfather because it's some Barbie joke
But you should if you're gonna quote it. You should rewatch it. I refuse. I only watch movies once if that
My head is literally a penis. No one can be more manly. That's a compliment
Okay, it's fine if you decided that's a compliment
You remember it happening that way shit. Maybe I'm wrong. Yeah, you ever think of that mr. Blackwell that maybe you're wrong
I am open to the fact that I'm often wrong
We've had an expert
demanded
Apparently discord's been having problems. I noticed them when I tried to log out of the back feed today
Because it just wasn't there for a while
It was a no-show and I was like how am I supposed to Google my own news?
That's crazy, but apparently this scored the lead PR man
for discord
Has agreed to come apologize for why discord servers are shutting down
Is that a is that like a larger? Let's look this up really quick. Maybe there's a news story discord servers
shutting
down
Mr. Blackwell would be a fun teacher. I
Taught improv does that count? No, that's true
This court's shutting down its AI chatbot. That's gonna break some hearts. That was a month ago though
Guess there's there's no stories on it
But I do see people complaining on forums that discord servers are experiencing problems. It does count. Thank God, okay?
Take that shit. It doesn't count. I'm not to disagree big j done
But it doesn't count
Is there a union for it?
Honestly, no, but maybe someday
Discord is having some kind of outage says reddit and that means it's news. Okay, but I'm coming over
Just to read a reddit post
All right, our top story today discord is having some kind of outage and
And
Reporting live on this is this reddit story discord is having some kind of outage
Throwaway custodi says I thought my main was deleted or something, but yeah, this court is crapping itself hard
ATM got fucking money on this. Hello name. He says you only got eight
I got 20 for it five servers down 40. It's it's max. That was amazing says not everyone is in tons of servers
Just to sort of kind of be a dick about something we could all potentially agree on but he's on that fucking negative trip
Leaping turtle links to a link and I can't click that and then a Berks is 2010 says glad to know it's a temporary issue
I was worried someone hacked one of the servers
I was in when I saw it become unavailable out of nowhere and that set this point the full coverage of the situation
I'm sorry for everyone's loss and
With time perhaps the great healing of discord can begin but for now
It's only mostly working
Wow, thanks jet. That was actually really concise for you
I black I see the news straight in the camera now and it pumps me up and with that
I say the pump has been on you
The pump being the news and your muscles were slowing and microphone 900 degrees
Though the name is 900 the bitch
Which is even sweeter and then also twitch cheered for that 113 twitch. Oh
Is that like a Christmas thing that twitch is like matching stuff?
Probably I have no idea. Well anyway, I'm the I'm matching that I'm leaving
But the match was lit and the news is burnt and the I but not like toast like a good
smore of thoughts
And I'm smearing my news but did already on you because of which I was jet and goodbye this time
Okay, that's what's going on with discord. Let's talk to somebody about it. I
Gotta find this cord
Also make a fine out of things again for the bits. It's a bonus Christmas bits miracle
Secretly they just skimless off the top
But only for a few weeks discounted subs to another Christmas miracle
Secretly though, they could just take less
But they have a huge overhead because they've they're experiencing tremendous corporate glut
If I say it like a secret you guys can't hear
All right, who's this cord?
I
Gotta find them really quick
Pepito, do you know where this court is? I don't know where anything is
Super news to me. That's how case buys me treats. So thanks so much. I'm Pepito
You are and I'm a producer. I don't know what that means. I wish I could eat this
But I can't because I've been told it's not real
No part all that they heard everything you said
You do you got to learn that how mics work me too though
Maybe just type in Biscord and see what happens. Can you do that?
Okay
There's gotta be I gotta be able to get a hold of them somehow
Pepito's jamming on some buttons for us
I'm assuming that will lead to a Biscord showing up
I
Don't know what his first name is
Maybe the full name is just Biscord
Okay, you got a hold of him Pepito
Are we good to go? Yeah, I think I found him using my skills. Oh, thank you. I'm glad that you have
skills, okay
look
Discords a big company. It's so I know sometimes it feels a little unsatisfying
You just interview who some people to consider to be like a corporate shell a spokesperson
But this chords a premier internet communication server
So even getting the public relations expert is a huge get for me. Oh, Pepito emote now
Does Pepito have thumbs no just pause
This cord I'll try to get a hold of this cord later
But I was cold told the spokesperson is Biscord and the Biscord is here. So
Please welcome joining us at this time
Something mr. Biscord
Okay, it's a pleasure to be here
Everybody's looking real fun today
Get your favorite discord emote in the discord chat
Sign out a twitch stop watching case case start streaming on discord in a private little channel and
Everybody have fun on the premiere
The communications network discord. I'm
Drana then Biscord Drana then Drana then Biscord proud to be here happy to answer any questions
Again, I don't think we're having any serious issues. Why is your hand behind your body? I'm flexible
You regret everything classic
Classic sarcastic discord comment there from psych or no, I think he means it. I think he regrets you being here Biscord
Well, I never regret
informing people of the facts
because I'm I'm drawn of in Biscord and
I'm couldn't be happier to represent this beautiful company. I honestly don't have any huge issues with this court
I use it all the time and it generally doesn't have problems. What are your thoughts on discord kittens?
I got to look up what that is just really quick to so that I I
know
It's a basically a sugar baby. They exchange their companionship for
Material fables favors for example. They are asked for discord nitro paid games or money exchange for dating like relationships
within discord, I know a
Big jake dog 91
subscribing through discord. No, it was through twitch
but
If you probably got a recommendation from a friend on discord
Again, discord's a great app man, but you don't use it for everything you but you'd be surprised that you can use it for basically
Anything you'd want. It's an incredible free way
To form communities to form relationships with consenting adults and not based on monetary favors
Well, what about kittens? It's such a popular thing that it's got its own cute little term
well
Kitten doesn't have the object awareness or speak enough human words to be able to type or
Even get on a discord call. So I don't see how a cute little kitty has anything to do with us
No, I think they mean like ladies getting favors. You know what I mean
You ever ever done that?
I've only used discord to
Tighten my relationships with family and friends to watch them play incredible games
and
Anything else you've heard about?
Amazon shared shopping lists sending links
Donating huge amounts of amazon coins
To women I met on hearthstone. I didn't bring up any of that. What are you doing donovan dronovan? It's dronovan
I'm saying none of those things are true. I didn't bring that up. You just brought that up
Anywho
Anybody in this network says any who too much
I haven't really been here since july because I moved to japan. Did I miss anything important aj?
I can with confidence say
no
That's like I believe that
um
I'll wear your face like a mask dronovan discord. I'll wear your entire body like a mask. Yeah, you do seem a little stiff, buddy
Are you feeling?
Tense I feel totally at ease
And that's why this face stays placid and at ease
Okay, I don't feel like I'm getting a lot of straight answers out of dronovan here
Dronovan it's a simple question. Why are the why the discord server has been all over the place today?
They haven't people are all are all over the place
People make mistakes discord doesn't it's working just fine
And if you've experienced any issues, I would just suggest
Understanding how it works better because it's incredibly simple and it's never failed once. That's just unrealistic dronovan
Call me mr. Biscord
All right, we got off to it. We got off to a bad start dronovan. Is that russian? Are you a russian hacker?
And yet i'm not that's a little joke. I don't speak
russian
Can you blink?
I just did no, but can you blink while i'm cut? I just did though and now my my eyelids are tired
You should have cut to me while I was blinking. I just did it again and you missed it work on your camera work
It probably wouldn't be an issue on on discord actually
You could you could set up two different calls from multiple angles and you never miss anything
I could I could cut to the wide
Oh, we're in it. I just blinked though right before you cut to this. Okay fine. Um dronovan
Last question any channy plans for major updates to the discord in the next
Year we're going to bring the ai bot back
And it will actually decide what you want to say for you
So you never have to type again. It'll be automatically turned on and to
Turn it off. You'll have to convince the bots that you have a better idea than it does
And good luck because the ai knows you inside and out from every one of your chats
And honestly, I think you'll feel much better with it typing for you
Sounds pretty bad, man. No, it's gonna be you'll see. It's gonna be great. Okay. Um, well
You've never led me astray before I literally got all of my news links
Okay, get 70 of them from discord. Well, you gotta get that to 100. I'll try
Thanks again for being here dronovan
I'll call you back if there's any other huge
scandals
And be careful with those kittens meow meow
Listen a little kitty little kitty never hurt nobody
That kitty has claws. Maybe I want to get scratched. I'm kidding. Of course. It's um, it's an exaggerated issue. They're
It's not there's no major problems with it. Happy to be here. Happy to see the people
Consider chatting on discord instead. There's way more options. It's a much more robust chatting system
Honestly, you should have discord chat in the corner. You should encourage people to get off of twitch
Dronovan Biscord have a beautiful blessed discordy day
It's a terrible catchphrase a beautiful blessed discordy day. He's gotta work on that
I trust him. They're kittens
I guess he's got a really cute name
Hey, Kendall, you ever had any kittens on discord?
Hmm?
Have you ever been a kitten on discord?
She says no
Kendall wishes she had kittens on discord to do her
Meow meow meow. Is the kitten the person giving the money or the person receiving the money?
Receiving
Okay, I get it now. I get it at last
Something at discord kitten would say no, I swear. It's not true
All right
Oh, we missed I missed a hype train
But it made it all the way to level one
And level one's often the best level. It's what the developer puts the most time into
Cut to Kendall look at you. Oh, hey Kendall. Do you want to do um, do you want to do my christmas dream with me on sunday?
At seven
Sunday's not christmas a stream on christmas
No, we must we must experience analog family on christmas
But do you want to with this sunday at seven?
She said okay
That's the appropriate level of excitement
Okay, so if you see how many entries have been added to the fucks list. Oh my god. Let's take a trip down fucks list lane
I gotta get all these things off the fucks list
And onto the fucks list
If that doesn't make sense
Then that's yeah that that it makes sense that that doesn't make sense. Um, what's going on here? Whoa, that's the wrong thing
Okay, let's go full screen
Whoa, there are a lot of
The fucks list is right above me. Whoa dummy toad
Oh my god, this is a bit this I don't want to spoil too much, but
Whoa, there's a lot more scrolling left. Okay, the fucks list is indeed very robust this year
100% Travis's fault
I see, you know, this is fun. Okay, wait it keeps going
Oh, baby. This is a this is a girthy fucks list. This is perfect
Guys, there can never be too many entries on the fucks list. If anything, I'll just batch some of them up
Oh, wow, there are a lot though
The thing you don't want to have though on the fucks list is not enough fucks list
You want to be able to you want to be able to have like a long fucks list. It's well over 400
I'll try to pace the fucks list accordingly. I'll encourage the grunge to make some more snap decisions
He can sometimes take his time really start and namely singing and stuff
but
So, you know, it'll be it'll be fine the fucks list will sort itself out
Because the fucks list does fuck which means it can't get too stressed
All right before we move on before we kick it to the streets because there was a request for that several days ago
That still hasn't been honored and that's just unacceptable
apparently we've already lost the privilege of nudity on twitch and
Their official comment. Oh, I was just about to read it
Wait, come what you want to come over here
Our special sideline reporter kindle in the twitch was basically like
We forgot about ai that ai exists and that people can just post
Like they can justify ai art and have like cases faced on a nude body and call that art
You know what I mean, couldn't they well, couldn't they just not allow that part?
Couldn't they just say I guess there's too many fucking rules or something
But like they say it in a very like corporate twitch way obviously, you know what I mean
Okay, so
Damn, this I look good
filter
Did you tell them about that what that I changed all the camera settings so that I'm less red
Yeah, yeah, I try I tried to decolor this camera to make my cheeks less insanely rosy
Damn, I feel like I look good now on on your camera
Maybe it works for everybody
Uh, if we only could have predicted the thing that literally everyone knew what happened
Yeah, but how were they to know that the thing we knew would happen would happen. Yeah, I mean there's more to it
But that's basically what they said
Hey, they say you look good Kendall
Ken doll serving face. Well, I feel like his camera picks up
Like every fucking like, uh, what am I trying to say?
Or not it isn't 4k every like
Four terrible feature on your face. You know what I mean?
Every poor blemish every poor every wrinkle every
I feel like there's like a more of an umbrella term, right every human feature every blemish every whole
I'm being blamed for lots of nudity
Every kiss begins with imperfection
Improfection, that's what I'm looking for. Thank you so much. I prefer every doohickey. Thank you so much
Every imperfection. This is how you maintain a relationship. You keep your thesaurus game on
I asked Case on like a weekly basis if he likes the fact that he's smarter than me
Because I
I just am not the brain is not there anymore
I stayed up for like 200 hours. What I forgot. What was the actual number?
Kendall thinks she's been dumber ever since she pulled an all like a triple all nighter in college
It wasn't a triple all nighter. It was literally like a week and within that week
I only had 17 hours of sleep that I remember also. Yes street marine if Kendall were a worm
And ever since then I feel dumb
I just don't think I think your brain has recovered by now
I don't think you gave yourself permanent brain damage from sleep deprivation unless that's the thing
Which I'm too dumb to know about
Anyway, you can read the twitch thing now
Okay, you know what? I'll do it from here
I'll do it
From right here and I will stay here too
Uh twitch rescins its artistic nudity policy. I'm so I usually make the rest of my news team read this for me
But fine. Oh, what nothing
I'm here. No, I like having you here mere days after twitch updated its content policy to permit certain kinds of sexual content
The platform has withdrawn the portion of the policy permitting
Which type of nudity your favorite type artistic?
nudity
And that's the only type I was doing I swear to god
My body's a work of art effective today
We are rolling back the artistic nudity changes the update read moving forward depictions of real or fictional nudity won't be allowed on twitch
Regardless of the medium mature rated games will not be affected by the rollback
And life's a game baby and it's rated m. That's why my dick's coming out. Just kidding. It's not
We're making some additional updates to our sexual content policy. This is straight off the twitch
Twitter we realized that our earlier update caused confusion and appreciate all the feedback we've received
Thanks for always coming together with us
Not any maybe not anymore to help build the best version of twitch
Check out the changes. They're here
How here are they?
I will answer travis. Does that mean we can play succubus? We can
Oh, it doesn't apparently it doesn't affect video game nudity anymore or something like that
This post is long
We made it clear that some streamers in response to this update created content
That was in violation of our new policy and I guess I mean the ai
what putting
Relarcen's face on your body and
Whatever, okay. However, there were there also was a great deal of new content
That was allowed under the updated policy much of the content created has been met with community concern. These are concerns we share
Nudes upon reflection. We decided that we went too far with this change digital depictions of nudity present a unique change
ai can be used to create realistic images and it can be hard to distinguish digital art and photography
This is a weird reason to to rescind it. I I mean, I understand protecting
People's likeness, but that just feels like a separate issue from nudity potentially. There's a ghost in the room
There where there was just a loud pop in the corner. That's very unexplained. Maybe the face sucker thing from
Leafle companies in here. It's escaped game containment
Because fuck you that's why just kidding
Yeah
Damn so effective today. We are rolling back the artistic nudity changes moving forward depicting a real or fictional nudity won't be allowed
On twitch regardless of the medium
It's in a video game unless they changed that too, but i'm pretty sure that was
This restriction does not apply to mature rated games the next sentence
You can find emote specific standards for nudity and sexual content
Oh emote specific so I could still have some hot hot cock emotes potentially
Okay, well, it's not a total loss then in the process of pushing out the updates to community guidelines to that reflect this change
While I wish
We would have predicted the outcome part of our job is to me. Who's the eye here?
Who what are you Dan Clancy? Who the hell is Dan Clancy anybody know Dan Clancy? I'm sure he's just I'm gonna text
I'm sure he's just a copywriter. No, I apologize for the confusion that this update has caused
Aka all of the hot cartoon tits in the just chatting page
He never needed to apologize to me chat
It's Tom Clancy's son
Is it is it just me or your new filter kind of makes her teeth a little yellow?
Well, it might be it's it's just a color filter
Some hot yellow tea
No fix that. I can't live fix it add another one
I can't do it a teeth whitening filter. I'll become a fictional character
Nobody would have noticed if you hadn't called it out. Also, this this monitor makes things look a little more intense. Do you want to see?
Yeah, okay. Whoop. Oh my god. Ah, you're ruining it. What the fuck?
Yeah
See
Uh, well, we just gotta get whiter teeth
No, my teeth are pretty white. I swear
Yeah, they're fine
Guys, I have one fake tooth so under a black light. This one doesn't this one
glows
This one glows
We need to twitch test twitches boundaries by releasing a video game with real but poorly rendered footage in the cut scenes
All a red alert three that contains full frontal nudity
Do you have a fake tooth that in your in a black light? Do your teeth glow or not glow?
They glow a little bit, right? They should glow. I think just white stuff glows in. Okay. So no, so this tooth does not glow
So it's yellow. No, it's just fake. So like your teeth are very white. No, I know that's why I'm like freaking out
I work a lot. Anyway
Yeah, I'm afraid to be under black light
I will I'll you know what? I'll make a custom lot for you Kendall to whiten whatever shade of yellow or teeth
I'll go Phil. Did I miss uh crumbs miss you? Oh crumbs. I was gonna do on sunday too unless people would rather
That I do it
down a normal stream
I don't even know if I'm gonna hold a crumb. He claims to have quit
any who
That's what's going on with twitch nudity was back and now it's gone again
Wait, it was back for the first time nudity was finally allowed for cartoons
Or I guess like
dances very artistic nude dances
Body paint. There we go
Well dancing is art. What if you better express it while nude?
I'm just gonna check
I'm gonna double check that they're being above board here. What do you mean? Oh, you're gonna go on
Let's go to just chatting and see if I can immediately spot any hot nudes
Well, who's to say that people are getting reported immediately right now? You know what I mean?
They should be
We gotta be a top. Well, this is our community. Some people like some people have a community where they're like so loyal
They won't you know what I mean? Good for them
Uh, oh, okay
So the the I think that the boob thing then might still be this one
Yeah
Yeah
The new to us is like it can't highlight
The genitals or you know what I mean? So our girl Asian bunny acts. She's still playing the new meta. She's I think she's still fine. Yeah
As is it's about highlight. It's not it's about highlighting the body parts now
If I had to highlight this picture I might highlight a certain body part just implied
I do hope
Just for their own sake so they don't get in trouble. Although it ruins the there's so many of these now
There's a lot of this boob of this type of boob stream. There probably were before and it's just now it's popular to know
I felt so bad
Are these real flat freckles? Well, look, I gotta this feels fucked up. I'm hammering this person. Whoa, that's cool
What the fuck?
I want that on my stream. Yeah, how do I do this? How do I make this happen?
We'll see this is just sad though. Wait, what do you want me to do?
Oh, don't steal don't steal her content. So is that what this lady's doing? No, no, no, I mean like
Oh commercial time. I've been seeing that
work
I don't think it's stealing content to have an animated curse or that's
No, some old internet stuff right there a lot of posts of people being like if you just
Look at someone stream and talk about it. You're basically just stealing their content
Dude if streamers are going to start complaining about that they need to completely change the way that they approach
All of this that is crazy. I'd love to see xqc be like, you know just watching my stuff for however's voices
I've never actually watched never actually watching xqc stream. It's me xqc
Oh, you're jiggling. She's jiggling. Oh, we're missing it. Sorry. I forgot that I
was stealing content
We missed it. We missed content stolen but but ignore this. This is just pulling up her bandeau
Oh, she has a band on or you can tell she has something on she just she's pulling it up right now. Do you see it?
I wonder why this has more views than me. Oh
Wait, what's happening? We're just so close to seeing her nips. Oh, well, that's the whole appeal
Our top story today the oil has slid
Mm-hmm
Kendall looks pleased Kendall do you want to get in on this new stream trend?
Dude, no, my boobs don't have like they don't have like a
They don't have fullness at the top so I can't do it the way these girls are doing it. You just have to I can do
I can you just have to put like a I think I can do an under boob guy
Yeah, or just get some boob tape. You're only seeing this like well, they never get to see the bottom of your boob
So you can technically like one of what if I start the under boob trend. Oh, that's next level
Just this you know. Yeah. Well, I was thinking you like rest your boobs on two pedestals and just push them up
Oh, yeah, yeah, maybe like
I would have to do this because I don't have
top fullness
You're gonna see this is not this you need to make whatever you're doing more artistic or I could get in trouble Kendall
You're right. I'm highlighting my own boobs. Yeah
Damn
Okay
Well, anyway, that's what's going on with nudity on twitch. It's banned
It's straight up not allowed
It's immoral and it's damaging the children and we won't have it
It's done sexual content on twitch is over
The long nightmare of sexual content
Caught in compromise
Thank god. I don't have to see cartoon tits anymore. I couldn't get any work done
I'll search on google for it. No, you found a workaround. How about we just uh hard left
Just to stream with a sack on a pedestal. I wonder if that would get views
Do you think if someone just streamed
How about a how about a sack with a mouth on it? Maybe on tiktok
On tiktok people watch weird stuff on tiktok. Just a talking ball sack. Yeah, they watch really weird stuff there
I bet she got her partner application to prove first, right? Well, she's got like a thousand viewers
Honestly, she probably should be a partner. Yeah
Whatever I say get the boobs out
Stream whatever you want
That isn't hurting anyone and I would argue that boobs have never hurt anyone in their life unless they're really big and give you back problems
Oh my god, who would get give her less boobs
Free me from my boobs
Okay
Well, I'm gonna kick it to the streets
Uh, mr. Forgets hype
Never forget the hype
Thank you for the follow appreciate it
To the streets we go
We're we filled up our news docket with that with those two important stories discord
Experiencing slight issues for some people and nudity already
Sent to the next dimension
I got smacked in the face once by a girl's implants and it broke my glasses
Sounds like you might have been in the middle of some kind of good time or was it totally an accident uncle phil
Were they boobs you were happy to get smacked in the face with or was it
Was it a troubling experience?
AI santa got banned
There's still all those AI channels that'll just chat at you for hours
Not totally an accident, but I left happy. I mean if you gotta get your glasses broken
It's not the worst way for it to happen
Have you ever had your glasses broken by a erotic body part?
Well, hey, you can talk about it right now on the streets because trip will find your opinions on the streets and hash them out
With a version of someone who might have those opinions
He sniffs those opinions out on the streets and he's gonna do it right now
It's time
for trip on the streets
I like it when you call for me chat took case a minute to get me out here, but it's just because I'm so busy
I don't operate on his schedule. I operate on the schedule of the streets
avi who
You tell me i'm here to get your opinions chat
find them on the streets
And discuss them to a permanent end
Or you know until another one pops up
Fights are erotic in certain contexts. Those are my kinds of context. I love a good erotic out
erotic fisticuffs
If everyone's consenting
some sexual erotic
fighting
If you have an opinion throw it in the chat. I usually can
Take about five or so
Right now I can take about five opinions if I'm feeling warmed up
My wife almost knocked herself out with her own boobs
While running around the house
Damn, I almost said good for her, but I don't know what that would even mean
But I'm just supporting women all I want to do is support women
It's one of my it's one of my top prerogatives
I swear
I'm a really good guy. I'm trip brad steve
Try i'm distracted because i'm trying to find someone to talk to about
What the
Um
There's some weird ones out here today
I'm finding some pretty weird ones today, and I'm not sure which one's safe to talk to
All right, okay this guy will talk to five at once
Five whole opinions once I do take them one at a time, but I'll run a train of opinions an opinion train
You know what I mean
I see a spicy one coming towards me right now in fact and I'll show you just how it's done
Uh, I love a good opinion
I've never met an opinion. I couldn't talk at
And i'm sure that this one will be no different
Excuse me, uh, sir. My damn person place or thing. I'm trip brad steve. Do you want to talk to me?
well
Hey, wait
well
Why is that?
Are you trip? Is that trip brad steve? Whoa?
Um, yes young man. How are you doing today? Well a trip. It's a wiggle dangle here
Listen one time I was driving into my lady's venus fly trap
And her lips grabbed my nose and I started to chew. I started like chew chew chewing, you know, guys
Oh, sorry. What?
What are you talking about?
Listen those teeth were monstrous my man. I tried to get rhinoplasty after the dock after and the dock was like
No fucking way, dude. Now my nose looks like michael jacksons. Yeah, I mean
You're not I got a way thinner nose than you
MJ dude, I've been told so many times my nose looks just like MJ's man. It's fucking crazy
Like no joke, dude thing had fucking teeth if you know what I mean like beautiful lady
Like no the fucking disrespect you but you know, you know, you fucking get into it, man
I'm sorry. I just have a couple follow-up questions. I also see some other opinions lurking around
I want to make sure that I don't miss but I will get to give me just one moment
Um
I do need to know all about this
Venus fly trap that you fornicated with
Oh my
It seems that we're going to conspiracy lane right after this, you know what I mean?
I'll do I fucking know exactly what you mean, man. That's fucking crazy, dude. Um, okay, so
Let me get this straight. You were performing the erotic art of tongue play on a woman, dude. I mean
I mean, I was more like I was more like a fucking high dive, dude
It was more like a Geronimo the grab the nose
You know, I mean like I'm gonna meet. Whoa, are you okay? What's going on?
Have you know what I fucking mean, dude? It was fucking crazy. I was like fucking dead feet deep in that thing
Man, it's like I was a fucking diver, dude. I yeah. Oh my god. Are you okay? Yeah. Yeah. Are you doing all right?
Yeah, it was fucking. It's okay. Calm down. I'm yeah. Whoa. What relax
I'm saying. I was fucking I was like balls deep but with my face. Yeah, I understand. Um
Okay, it had teeth. It had vagina dentata. I mean it had fucking something down there, dude
Because like my nose got fully bit. I like this took a lot of work to get back
I used to have a beautiful nose. What's wrong with your nose? No, it looks like shit. This nose is fucking hideous. Okay
Take it easy. This nose fucking sucks. I used to have like such a hot nose
But like no disrespect like love yourself
But like this nose fucking sucks compared to my old one because of edge, but my other one right off
Has it been hard for you to continue
Going down on women's sense? No, man. If anything it makes it hotter, dude
Because it's like a risk. I'm like a fucking thrill seeker, dude
I basically do base jumping and fucking lady and like lady jumping if you know what I mean
Like those are my two fucking like high-risk activities like mountain do like no fucking joke, dude
Like live for your fucking limits, you know what I mean?
All right
Well, you sound a little bit like a mountain goat so I can see you sort of jumping off of a mountain. Yeah
You fucking get it your trip rad steam man. That's fucking crazy
Like my luck is fucking crazy like a good and the bad like take the good with the bad
Like every day is a fucking trip, dude, and that's why like I love you because like your name reminds me of like every fucking day
All right, um, well, hey, thanks so much. Well, you know said your name was wangled wangled, dude
It's fucking wangled wangled angle. Okay
Really? Yeah, man. It's a fucking family name
Huge fan that trap like I wish I didn't have to go like I fucking love this day
A dolphin or a goat. I mean you think about you prick, bro. I don't fucking care
A lot of energy coming out of Wingle
Appreciate the energy
Don't know if I believe him. I'm not sure you can reconstruct a nose
To that degree. I think he had an incredible nose
Um
Let's see who else is out here today
All right
I don't know if I can say no to this next one because it seems to be pulling me in with an inhuman energy
So I'll give them a shot
Sorry just grabbing one more opinion really quick
What's up?
What?
Uh, yes, okay
Sorry, my park associate said can you turn down the sun and I said what am I a god and then I did it
I did it with my mind chat. I starting to think I've gained sentient control of the park
Either that or I'm just losing my marbles. Either way, you know what I mean
Do you know what I mean? I'm gonna I'm that last guy's energy is infecting me a little bit
It's making me even crazier. Let's see who else I can talk to out here. Excuse me
Whatever you are. Will you talk to me?
Do you mind talking just a little higher than that? That's
It's just that's very low. Yeah
What's up?
Okay, um, listen. I'm trip bradstein. How are you doing? Good evening trip
I recently came across twitch yesterday
yesterday
And I gotta say I love these new terms and conditions
What is happening? What is happening right now?
Where someone can just show erotic hentai art. Okay. Well, you're behind the times
Um, because it's already that part's already been rescinded. I'm afraid. Well, well if they
Ever change it. I don't think I'll ever be the same person again. It's like I've walked into heaven
Okay, um, they did I just told you that they did you're serious
Are you are you being serious to me right now?
What is going on with this creature?
Trip, please. Tell me that you're kidding. I love
Hentai tits
What's your name clandarion? Are you from space? I'm from tulsa
Well, look, I hate to be the bearer of bad news
But I'm pretty sure the erotic art train has already pulled back into the station and been decommissioned
You're not allowed to have hentai tits anymore. What the hell am I gonna do?
What am I gonna do trip?
He's from apple too. I'm from tulsa
Well, look, I'm sorry that um
You got like a good two days there to watch your favorite vtuber be nude
Not my favorites, man. I couldn't convince him. Um, okay
It's virtually impossible for him to commit a crime
How could I commit a crime?
When all I see is life and beauty
um
There's plenty of ways you could commit a crime if all you see is life and beauty all I see is life
Beauty and the stars beauty and the stars and some hentai tits
Committing crimes and a spanking. I mean you could embezzle you could
You could like liking a thing is doesn't preclude you from acting immorally to stop fucking harshing my buzz trip
All right. Well, anyway, uh, sorry to hear that you're such a half-an of hentai
A huge end of you also a fan of trip bradstein. Could you consider growing some luscious anime boobs?
If I could I would but I
Don't think I I don't have I can't
All I gotta go there
I've got to find a streaming service that allows me to watch a lady
With big fake boobs
metal chaos
Metal chaos. Thank you so much for the 10 months
I mean, you know
You had to subscribe over that and I'm sorry for that that you had to that you had to subscribe
You had to put your support behind whatever that was, but I appreciate you being here nonetheless
Sincerely, let's see who else is out here today. That one was an odd one. I'll admit it
But I bet this next one will be amazing
um
Secretly, I like every opinion. They're all my children and you never truly hate your children
Even if they're real fuck-ups
And they're little spacemen that love boobs. Actually, that's pretty mild compared to some of the stuff. I've talked to
Let's see
Who this person is
Wow, wow, what do we have here?
What do we have here? Is that am I really looking great?
What do we have here? Is that trip bradstein?
Um, yes. Whoa tapping into me now. I am trip bradstein. What's your name? I'm familiar. This is um
Sure, okay. Hello
Yeah, uh, what's going on you today got any opinions on today's news stories the events of the world
I think we should have for a slo-mo running
Do you know what I mean?
Just running around super slow
making yourself look
Super important
You know, I feel like there's not enough of that
um
Do you mean in any context just more things slowed down? Yeah
Let me generate. No, let me show you what I'm talking about my this conversation
But slowed down, um
Okay, what does that look like? I'll show you check this out
Oh my god, okay, hurry it up hurry
Okay, I get the idea
You think that's better
My god, this is taking a while
I get where you're coming from I like a more normally paced conversation
Okay, what I'm saying is I would prefer to have a more normally paced conversation Jesus Christ
Oh
Quickly yes, I feel like if I ask him anything else, he's gonna keep talking
Okay, I
Process this I'm speaking solo. Let's end this conversation
Good day pleasure to see you
Yeah, I'm really big venture about see you so much. I mean you found me when he talked faster. He really I know what he's saying, honestly
Okay, uh, there's two more opinions out here today. If anyone else threw in in the chat
I will sniff it out, but I will have to save it for next time
Just so I don't monopolize this entire network unlike some people here
I consider that there's other segments to get to I'm trip bradstein. I'm a man of the people and I love to help
Okay, uh, let's see who else I can find
On these streets
This looks like a promising one
Yes, yes, yes
What the fuck am I looking at right now? All right, let's talk to this guy
Looks like there's a lot of things to get to today. Mr. Bradstein. You might need to pick up the pace just a little bit
If you know what I mean
Okay, I do know what you mean. I just said that I would so maybe you can help me out there and tell me
What your name is and what you want to talk about today
What trip I'm Rob mob here and what's the deal with twitch banning bobs? You know what I mean?
Um, if you mean boobs, then yes, there's been absolutely nothing wrong with bobs
My father's a bob and he used to wash me when I was a little bob baby taking dumps and puking
You know kids. They got no control over anything. I was shitting and pissing. I was a baby
I understand the concepts of babies, but again, I think you're slightly confused
I guess you could say I've had bobs in my face
What do you think?
Should we free the bobs?
Your name was Rob mob Rob mob. I want to free the bobs. Um, okay, look
This is a problem. I run into a lot
We're so close on a word
But you're just not understanding. I'm referring to mammary glands breasts
boob sickles
Tatars
Tetees
Bobs. Oh my god. That is just no true. There's no point fine bobs. Bobs aren't banned. What have I told you bobs aren't bad
We just said that they are
And again, my dad was a bob he can stream on twitch, but what
Will he do when he gets banned?
My dad was just a simple man
Just a simple oval of a man
A little flesh on the top of his head squirted milk, but your dad was a boob
Yeah, my dad was a bob. I used to suck on his head
When I was a kid
He squirted milk out of his scalp
Which for him was the top of his bob and then I got older
People told me that was inappropriate
Your dad can't be one body part
That's not how people work
Rob mob
The people just don't get me because I was raised by a bob
Also, if your dad is a boob, can't you just say boob is a bob though? In my family, it's a bob
Okay, well, thanks for talking to me rob
I'm sorry to hear about your dad being unable to be himself onto it. Life's not fair sometimes. I should know
It's my dad's a bob
He can't even play ball at his gate three no more even though there's bobs on screen
How crazy is that? How crazy is that?
That's full. I mean, it's crazy. It doesn't make sense
What he was saying was great. I'll give him that
What he was saying was crazy
all right, um
Let's get this last one out
This is our last opinion of the day that I just I gotta
Sorry
To my bush. I just I'm gonna take a nap in a bush
I really don't have anything to do if I'm being totally honest, but I do want to go take a nap in a bush
Let's see. Oh my gosh. I shouldn't have eaten all that trash I found on the ground. Okay. Let's see who else is out here
Yeah, but it'd be a bit
I did that try pressing. Yeah, but it'd be a bit of a bit. Oh, oh, oh
God damn
Sorry, everybody
The dog's having some fun
Consider that an instant replay combined with a scene transition
Because I swear this person's staring me right in the face
And they're being just as annoying as it seemed like they're going to be
Yeah
Okay, yes, I know I can't make fun of I'm not gonna make one of the way you speak
But let's try to get I'm trying to get to the next seven trip
I am so glad that I finally caught up to you. Yeah, it's me just in time
Just in time and at the warned the people something awful is going to happen. I knew york on 9 11. Oh my god
You're a time traveler here to warn us about 9 11
Amid it was really hard to time travel correctly without the year
My god, I made it to do it president Al Gore's he's trying to make the tech easier, but he's finding it hard
Busy finding the giant iguana that was the real cause of climate change
You know, you started crazy
And then it went downhill from there
Okay, I'm just gonna say this time traveling pick
You're too late 9 11 happened big time. Oh
No, no, no
So climate change we're in the middle of it
But does that mean Al Gore lost in the gugugua?
Um
I doubt it means that oh good
It I don't think there's an iguana causing it
Did you see a guana in league with like a like a giant like a giant bowl
And you think an iguana and a giant bowl are causing climate change?
Yeah
Whatever you think is happening. You're too late
And I'm sorry to be the bearer of bad news. It's hotter than ever
And 9 11 happened and the politics are worse than ever
Why did Al Gore send you because I'm
We thought people
Was your name just a dime. Okay. Yeah, that makes sense. All right. Well, Justin
I'm so sorry that you didn't make it in time
You know, you get that because of your name what?
Never mind. Um, thanks for being here. Sorry. You're too late. Uh, just go
Hang out Greta Thurrenberg or something but don't put any squids on camera that'll get you in trouble
Okay, but I don't want to worry about them because I'm a pig. Yeah, that can actually get her in trouble too. I don't know
just um
Lay low man and uh, if you see a giant if I see a giant iguana, I'll let you know or a giant bowl
Shoot
I traveled to I traveled too far
Why did I type to revel wait? Oh
Okay, I don't think he understood what
Was he from the past or he must have been from the future
He couldn't have time traveled wait. Okay
He traveled from the future after 9 11, but he probably is from before
So instead of traveling back in time he traveled forward in time
These are things I could have asked him about
But now the logic of it is catching up to me. Did you have more questions for no you couldn't please leave?
Okay, everybody. That's all the time we're going to have for today
That's all folks indeed. Uh, that's I don't watch how you watch how it's done
That's all folks one word
Don't make fun of the way I talk. You're right. That actually is mean of me. You're not in control of it
Well, I actually have I mean I just do it for another I just I think it's a fun way to talk
That's way worse than
If you're doing that intentionally, it's just a fun way to talk and I really see the problem
Guys, we're out of time. We're out of time and uh, I gotta get into my bush
I ate a bunch of trash off the ground earlier because it looked barely dirty
And I don't get to restaurants that often anymore. So when I see a good meal on the ground
I gobble it up. You know like a Yoshi in the wild
That's me trippy beat
Have a great one. We're gonna kick to some other segments. I'll still be here on these streets
In fact, I'll never leave them. It's where I live. It's where I love and it's where I do the god's work
I'm talking to all of you. I'm tripped brad scene. And don't you ever fucking forget it for even a second
Encouraged I gotta start sending trips and food
I do still pay him. I swear he's technically rich I think
I need a haircut so bad. This is getting crazy. This is getting crazy
My wigs can't handle having this much hair. I just gotta let it just get I'll let it do what's gonna do
Hmm
Guys trip makes more than I do. I don't know what else I can do. I give trip more money than me
Technically a co-founder of this network because he's on the first one of these
Oh, okay
What else today we've got to go to the movies
We've got a conspiracy time and I do want to check in with a debate because crumb
Said he was quitting
So we buddy he better be here just to make do with the shrub. Yeah, I like it
I have to sleep on a shrub because I pay myself so little
It's the ceo's dilemma. We we take pay cuts
To keep the company going
Poor ceo. I'm a ceo now
of this
I'm gonna start saying
ceo case blackwell
Oh, you know if I incorporated
Could I claim to be a ceo? Isn't that all take?
I should start claiming to be a ceo
You hurt yourself
Kendall has grabbed her fingers
Gonna need to see an org chart to confirm
live the gimmick
The least impressive
corporation of all time
But I would love to just start saying I'm corporate media, but I actually technically am
a yes
About
Like if you fucking pinch your finger like this
This is how you find your perfect
Because it's the same color as your nipples. It's not. I just checked. This is not the color of my fucking nipples, man
That's a pretty good
That's a pretty good my nipples are this pale and pink
That's a pretty good dumb thing to post on the internet because someone will immediately do it
Like if you're gonna lie, it's a pretty good one
Give me your finger and then show me your nipples
You have a pincher for me?
What's happened I got rid of them
They're so far down
Well, I wanted to start doing topless streams on switch and the safest thing to do is to cut them off
Then you can't show them. I can't see them from up here. My nipples are not this color, by the way
You don't think so. No, definitely not. You don't think that's extremely pink
Dude, that's that could fully be as nipples. They're just both a darker color than my skin
Dude, my face is that color half the time
No, we're fixing your skin barrier, baby
You know
We're fixing his skin barrier. So he's not as red
Good
I'm down. Are my lips the same color as my nips?
No, no, no not at all
I'm sure not everybody's nipples are the color of their lips. That's also a lie
Who said that just someone who's fine with being wrong, but is right for enough people that they believe it
Hmm, maybe
Maybe maybe not
for Southeast Asia
There you go. It's a racist. It's racist advice
Comment that and make the person panic. I feel like this advice is racist
This advice is colonizer
Racist blood swelling. Okay. Hold on
Lady old tricks play with them. They might get pinker
Would might think so
What?
If you play with your nipples, do they change color?
I would chest it right now, but the I no longer can even if we did it as artistically as possible
Even man, I've lost the thread yet. I don't know how to pinch my finger
What are you making trying to drag this over a little bit?
Uh like oopsie. That's not the color
I'll just do this later
Leave. All right. I'm afraid it's time for conspiracy time. You want to do conspiracy with me, Kevin?
She lost interest
Which is fair. Um, okay
Let's see. Did anybody have a request for what? Uh, big j dub
If you had a particular conspiracy you want to see color covered
I almost said colored because now I'm thinking about nipples
Who could blame me? Uh
Throw it in the chat. I'm sure clementine will talk about whatever you want
Because I don't know if he has many thoughts of his own honestly
At least they don't start uh from his own brain. Let's send it over to him though. It's time
For the unvernished truth
I'm back again
My hair's a little more email than usual today. I've been in a bit of a mood
There's a wolf. You got me twisted. There's so many problems
There's so much unfairness in the world today
People hating nipples
people
Making the world hot while also making it colder because
They don't like to see nipples
I've been summoned today by j big j dub to discover the source of michael jackson's real voice
A lot of you think it's something like
I'm michael jackson
You know like a guy doing in he's a falsetto ranger old times. What if I told you
The voice is actually not the voice you think it oh
The most famous voice on the planet for a time was actually a false voice
A fake voice
Jesus christ, I hope people do that for the whole life. Just cover up one eye with their freaking hair. It looks cool
But what they don't tell you is this real hard to see like that?
I don't know how they do it especially in anime. Sometimes people's fighting with swords
They got one whole eye covered up by their hair. I would be bad at sort fighting
In that context
Or maybe any I've never actually fought with a sword before but I feel like I can learn
Listen, I'm here today to discover the true source of michael jackson's voice
From the source of truth aka youtube.com
The only source for corporate non-corporate media
A powerful contradiction
michael jackson's
real voice
Let's see what we're working with
Big deep masculine
First of all, let's give ourselves a little primer here
With this little shit with this with the what will they call a youtube tick tock in the past month
I've gone from where is he to here he is again
But I must confess it feels good to be thought of as a person not as
a personality
because
I'll get that. I'll get that totally. I don't read all the things written about me. Oh my god
It's how it really sounds thought I was so weird and bizarre
But when you grow up as I did in front of 100 million people unbelievable since the age of five
You're automatically different
The last few weeks I have been cleansing
This is unbelievable rebirth for myself. It's like a cleansing spirit
I love you too
my
My childhood was completely taken away from me. It's so cruel
I understand his struggle what's happening
Because what if I told you
That my real voice
Sorry like this
In my case, that's not true. That's just a little filter for fun. But can you imagine if that were true
My mind would be blown and sometimes just imagining that a thing is is true
Is in fact mind blowing
This video is blowing my mind because it has 3.5 million views
And it purports to cover this story with even more credulity and sincerity than the previous thing we was talking about
Conspiracy check nipples are racist
Wait a minute. Do I have cancer?
What makes you think that
Do I I'll be convinced can I look it up on youtube and find out if I do
Have we ever seen Michael Jackson's nipples? Did he surgically enhance them?
people need to know
All right, this video says it's only covering the voice
But maybe it will get into that as well
Let's steal a little content the thing case was rallying against earlier
I think quite unfairly because I feel like I add a lot by pausing and occasionally saying words
So let's check check in on it
We've seen this meme floating around the internet Michael Jackson's momentary lapse in his speech
Revealing a much deeper voice than what we have expected from the king of pop. Yeah, we just saw it. It was totally real
Can you hear me?
Okay
However
This clip of Michael Jackson being inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame has been doctored for dramatic effect
Has demonstrated in the original. How does this how does this well go?
Can you hear me?
Okay, although Michael Jackson's ability to suddenly drop out of his regular speaking voice is apparent during his 2002
billboard award satellite message
I'm a big fan of yours by the way
Right on mike big fan here too, man. You know this man
You know this man
Right on y'all
Michael Jackson, y'all
Right on y'all big up
Although Michael Jackson's real speaking voice has been much
Speculated with many of those that knew Michael Jackson more intimately attesting to his much deeper more masculine natural voice
Including director spike lee liza manelli and others
And his voice is deep as shit
It wasn't it was between where you think Michael Jackson is and prince
It was in between that it was just like
It was kind of like do I have a I don't have any fun. Listen. So, uh, I think michael's was uh, like uh
So what kind of cartoons are you watching?
It was dead pan like that
Wait a minute. I'm a little confused. It still sounded like t-pain to me
It's just saying that michael jackson's real voice
Is his voice him being t-pain and that michael jackson actually stole his entire persona from a man
Who i'm guessing was born after him
Let's see how deep this goes
If you're looking square in my eyes, so what kind of guys do these are?
At a certain point michael looked up and said damn i thought those motherfuckers weren't gonna never leave
Now he says hold up and he says this not in
He says it like a black man would say damn i thought the motherfuckers are gonna leave
Then he got up and walked out and my friend was saying he was sitting there like
So this is what i'm talking about the shake shifting thing that voice
Really surprisingly his wife
On michael jackson. She says time and time again
That voice was a construction. It was a strategy was a mask
Wait this more authoritative voice is uncharacteristic of the high-pitched airy tone
We all remember jackson four as well as his typically humble polite and sensitive manner
An inspiration. I wish you a very
Happy christmas
And a peaceful new year. I look forward to seeing you soon
And i love you all dearly. Thank you very much
But the steeper was blowing my mind slightly here and we can return to this
It does feel like people is shocked by the prospect that michael jackson
Had more than one registered to his voice
That like the fact that he could be like, wow, what are we doing here folks?
Such an honor to be here
Hey, anybody know when we can leave like that's not that big of a variation
Arthur one
Couldn't throw my voice wildly around for instance. I can sound like this
Oh, it's so like this
I've got at least two registers
So i'm just saying it's possible for people to sound slightly different depending on their mood
But i digress. Let's continue stealing this content
Voice was showcased publicly during some high-profile performances for dramatic effect
Including his 1993 Super Bowl halftime show and while on his 96 to 97 history world tour
Yeah
We stand
Michael Jackson also personally voiced his king of pop character for the 2000 video game release ready to rumble box
Wait a minute really where he speaks in a lower register than his usual speaking voice
They call me the king of pop
All right, wait a minute. I'm gonna dance all over you
Michael
All right, can you imagine just for me for a moment you hate you you spring for the royalties
To get the real michael jackson to voice your video game
And the voice you get is in me like i'm ready to fucking fight
I'm here. It's me mike
You know just like well fuck we could have hired literally any dude to just scream i'm the king of pop
Is not doing the fucking voice we paid you for but you can't say anything because he's too famous
That's troubling
It's troubling to know that these video game companies is wasting their money like that
How many of the voice actors they hire are doing slight variations on their voice
You might think that like
They hired a different person to impersonate like um, whatever actor voice is Darth Vader the old guy
But really the voice actor for Darth Vader was just in a mood
So he shot and thought he just did a different voice like oh Darth Vader
What it really is the guy from Conan the barbarian his name. I forget
I'm just saying
There's no telling how deep this world goes. Let's continue
Be bad, huh?
I don't move over for no one
Was Michael Jackson's quote real voice
Or was he merely voicing the character he was asked to play as part of the boxing game
Much like he did for his mayor character during the extended video for ghosts released in
Michael Jackson Jackson's ability to disguise his voice and play around creating characters is confirmed by those who knew him personally
With several famous faces being fooled by the king of pop's lifelong love of prank calling those that he knew
Russell crow. What was the the thing with Michael Jackson? This is such an odd story. What?
Oh, he just got into the habit of um, wherever I was staying. He'd just call the hotel and ask my room and put on funny voices
I
I didn't I'd never met him, you know, you've never met him
He would always start off being kind of gruff like he was the hotel management and there was some kind of problem
Wait, what?
Then if I got kind of irritated you go
You're already redacted to only Michael
Michael Jackson's ability I'm unsurprised of course that Russell Crowe is shown up in this conspiracy video
I'd say further proving my point that Russell Crowe is in fact a time traveler
Who has created the very conspiracies that he portrays in films and now even portrays on talk shows
Do you really think it's just a chat? There's just what how would why is Michael Jackson?
Calling Russell Crowe who he's never met
to do funny voices
As if he sensed that someday there would be a conspiracy about his voice
and the great
Eye of the storm of conspiracies that is Russell Crowe by the graven of tation traditional force
of the lies
he sells us
Pulled Michael Jackson into his orbit to prank him now the prank was being perpetrated by Russell Crowe
on Michael from the future
There's no need to look into this further. I think I solved it Russell Crowe convinced Michael Jackson to change his voice
And actually even though I said that it's normal to change the register of your voice
I've realized that it's not
That everyone should speak with their true speaking voice. It's very
Honestly disrespectful to do anyone else's voice. You should be 100 percent you at all times just like me
Would honestly be offended if someone was doing my voice
He convinced Michael Jackson to move to the dark side in the name of what he called comedy
But was actually a dark twisted conspiracy to hide his true nature from the world
Russell Crowe strikes again
Unsurprised because I happen to see
The truth now look the other thing I've seen asked about today is if nipples are racist and the answer unfortunately is yes
There's no video. Well, I'll type it into youtube anyway
But I've I've long know that nipples are the enemy of humanity are nipples racist
Racist with nipples. I think I can't I can't click on that
all right
Somehow googling our net nipples racist has brought up a Japanese commercial
for something called yes milk
And let's just see where this rabbit hole leads before I sign off for the day
What all right. Well, I think that answers our question
Us simple american
But you simple american folk. There's no telling where I am
We think nipples come into one shade. We think milk is produced by nipples of animals from all our types sell places in the world
Secretly milk is so much more than that for instance in the culture of japan
milk can become
a
A woman can transform into shock. She can transform into a chalk creature
launch herself
at her unsuspecting classmate
And that's actually how milk works there
And you might think that sounds crazy. I say you're just culturally unaware. That's how milk is in japan
It's a it's a teacher that turns into chalk and attacks students and then milk
Maybe you said it's not a process that results in milk. Well, we just saw it in action
Lady becomes chalk attacks student and then milk
And what's at the heart of this dark conspiracy the presumption that the nipple is the source of milk. Well
I think we just proved it was otherwise
And I think that proves that I've done my duty today
I've debunked two conspiracy theories by reinforcing them and turning them into reality
Why because that's where the truth led us and secretly all along the truth was
Say it with me on youtube, but
I pulled it out of youtube like a little chalk lady
Placed it in front of my face and then the truth ended up being that's right right here. I'll see you next time
Avaly thinks nipples are pumping air into your boobs
Smoke everywhere today
I mean, I think it's misspelled in the intro. So I don't think anybody needs to worry about misspelling it in my chat
um
Okay, let's
We need to kick it to the movies. Let's end with the movies today
We'll take it easy. We'll watch some trailers
To end the stream
before we do that
Let's throw it to munch and crumb crumb was being a real stick in the crumb
the other day
Plainview is gonna quit kind of out of nowhere. He's he's dealt with way worse abuse
I've seen it
So I don't know why he was so bothered by cron by munch on that particular day
But I guess for some reason he was
I mean, you know, I'm not faulting it for being annoyed by munch. He's he's very annoying
I'm just surprised that that's the day it finally got to him
No smoke. She said that her podcast was she thought a nipple was how a
boobbob was done
I'm surprised she even knew how a boobbob was done at all
In the states we get shot by giant milk guns
Again, the nipples apparently are actually a cultural thing
This is the only way to describe it
Send it over to munch and crumb to make sure munch is coming to work. He's not in violation of his contract
Because I'd be very upset if he was
Um, and if you have anything you want them to debate throw it in the chat and they'll pick it
They're pros at debating. It's time for munch and crumb. All right. We're back again
Oh my god. We're back again
It's good to see everybody
Of course some Ralph munch cut
And joining me as always
It is um Leonard crumb
That fucking dummy Leonard crumb said he was gonna quit. Well, he's right fucking here
Uh, don't give it up for him. But you do have to unfortunately say hi to him. It's Leonard crumb
Why they was actually scrum
Man shut the fuck up crumb. You're being weird as shit today. I'm Eugene scrum
Yeah, you know, I've eviscerated this man so many times
That now he's he's trying to change his whole fucking name
As if his little baby thought he could quit on me not a chance
He went fooling me crumb right here
I was said as a replacement
Crumb, this is so pathetic out of you
You're so fucking scared of losing you're acting you're trying to be like a whole different fucking person not on my watch
You're not getting away with it at easily
Sorry that I'm gonna have to fucking eviscerate you once again little baby bird
But uh, you ain't got no worms for you. I just got fucking kicks kicking you out of the nest
You can't leave the nest though. You're stuck again. Um
I'm Eugene scrum
Listen, if you got anything you want me and crumb to debate throw it in the chat
We'll debate anything you want
Crumb looks a little congested today. I'm I do have, uh
I do have some serious sinus issues, unfortunately
honestly, I
I just responded to a reddit post
That said looking for anyone named crumb so that the graphics don't need to be updated
And I thought my name was close enough
Crumb
Why would you do you look the same
So you ain't fooling and fucking nobody this is so pathetic even out of you
Obviously, you can't quit you would you act like you don't want to be around me
Clearly you do
You fucking love my abuse
Secretly not secretly. Ha
Well, anyway, what do we do here? We debate you dumb piece of fucking what's what is this?
Look, uh, if you can throw a debate in the chat, um
Crumbs being fucking weird today. Again. I'm scrum. I'm just gonna ignore you saying that
Because it just doesn't make sense
If there's anything you want to see us debate, you know, it's never really much of a debate
It's more like just uh watching a child get the candy taken out of their hand
Because it's just so fucking easy, but whatever you want to see
Should boobs be allowed on twitch? I've been waiting for this case been talking about a way too fucking much
I'm gonna settle this once and for all with a strong affirmative
Of course, and I agree as well. I I'm a fan of seeing breasts. No, you don't you can't just agree. Well, I I agree
I like breasts
Crumb, that's not how you have to we have to disagree
I like uh
I like I like very large breasts
The bigger the better
Just even if they're distended and overpowering and not appropriately sized to the woman
I mean, obviously I agree with you, but that's not the point
It could on the whole woman could just be like two breasts and
She has to put them in a truck to move
Someone else has to drive the truck slowly and she walks behind it
Wait a minute. Are you not crumb? Obviously. I'm I've told you several times
um
Look you're you're disagreeing with it. We get a mod that can make that poll
Who are you? I've told you
You're Eugene scrum
Did that
Stop fucking playing crumb. Oh my gosh. You're rather dense. Okay. Now we're getting somewhere
Fucking dense. You got a you got the density of a fucking wet fart
No, not dense at all, but still just a little wet a little clammy
Okay, um
So wait, what do we debate? You're supposed to disagree with me
You're supposed to say boobs shouldn't be allowed on twitch. Well, I but I just I agree that they should be allowed
Fine. Fuck it. I think they shouldn't
That's the opposite of what you just said. So what's the point? Oh my god. All right. Um, again, if we don't have a mod
Then you can make the poll crumb
okay
The poll's giving our mods an error. What did you do? I just showed up
How does this work?
What's the question should boobs be allowed on twitch?
Okay boobs on twitch
Yes, no
A lot of additional voting. Well, should I allow additional voting? That doesn't sound fair
See now we're guys. Yes, exactly. It's not fair. I mean, it is fair. Fuck. Can you stop throwing me off?
um, okay
100 how many okay, whatever start poll
And I think I did it
All right. Um, look should boos be allowed on twitch. I guess I gotta say
No, because crumb's being weird as shit today. Um
Look boobs need a sense of mystery or they'll lose all their appeal
There's a reason that when you turn on nvc, it's not just hot hardcore pornography
It's because that shit needs to be hidden away or it's not sexy
You don't want to turn on law and order svu and everybody's fucking nude and sweaty
That might sound cool, but I swear to god eventually it would distract from the plot
That's why we got a core nudity off and it's a special little place
So we get to feel like dirty little beasts every time we see each other's body parts out
You want to live in a world where nudity has been demystified?
Good luck getting horny when you've seen every fucking person, you know naked
Even if they look good, it'll become fucking old hat
You'll lose the power to feel like a nasty fucking pig and you'll never be turned on again
And that's what'll happen if we turn into some fucking lawless nation of nudists not on my watch
Probably what this fucking deviant crumb, which is your name your crumb you are crumb. He would never leave. He's here. He wouldn't
You're fired up. No, I was just mimicking you
Anyway
What was I doing? You're fucking supposed to say boob, sir. That's what you want
Yeah, sure. Again. I like breasts. I'd love to see more
I see me. Uh, show me a breast anytime any shape any size preferably
Preferably huge
I got it. Maybe monstrous
and anywhere
Show to me anyway, and I'd be happy to see it. Keep talking about what?
Is it legal to park on the street? I could all the street signs were confusing. What the fuck?
Okay, you want
What you want the debate? What you mean? Okay
Okay, that's all that's all you got
Uh, cool
Where the fuck is crumb?
It what is happening? I told you I
You're not gonna play a song
am I being pranked?
because he's
okay crumb
That's cute
That's real cute. You said you were gonna quit and you sent
the fucking
You sent the you sent one of the little willow creatures after me from the movie willow
That's offensive
Okay, we're getting somewhere go with that. I mean was fine. What?
crumb
You do realize this means I win who are you talking to?
crumb, I know you're watching
This will not stand
I win
You lose. I've won the war
If this is how you handle it
You think taking yourself away from me is some kind of punishment
Again, who are you talking to crumb? I'm scrum
I'm not upset. I'm happy you seem very upset. I gave crumb if you actually quit. I'm thrilled
I'm fucking happy about it
Are you what's happening? Are you okay?
So what do I win you win a point
Great. Um, what does that do?
You win a
It goes the score goes up. You really not gonna sing a fucking you don't have a song
Um fat bottom girls. They make the rocket world go round
Do do do
What went down to george devil went down to george. You're singing too many those are just songs
You need a song about you. What?
Nobody's written a song about me. How was I not consulted about this?
He thinks he's so cute. You think you're so clever. You're not gonna win this
I don't care
good
Who are you talking? I'm right here. I don't understand
You don't you actually don't yeah, I get the point
Okay, I won the debate
fine
Okay
crumb
Come back
I don't mean that what I just so is trying something out
Crumb come back, please
I don't mean it. Does anybody have a mirror. Can I say a name into a mirror three times?
Do you understand you're on a debate show? Yeah, sweet. We talk about the debate or something. We talked about a debate
oppressed
Is that we talk about breasts here? I like that
okay, um
crumb crumb crumb
Linarius crumb linarius crumb linarius crumb
What are we looking for?
Linarius confucius crumb linarius confucius crumb linarius confucius crumb
Can I go are we done?
I don't want him back. I'm glad he's gone
This new guy is good
Thanks, I will I will hunt you down me. I know
You don't test me. I decide when you leave and it isn't yet
So
That's all the time we have
Okay, nobody walks out on nobody walks out on daddy. That is not how this works
I
You will see you'll see you will see this will not stand. You'll see you'll see
I think crumb looks pretty good. I think he looks fine. Okay
Well, uh, let's uh throw it to
Let's throw it to the movies
And then let's get out of here for the dude. Dude. Sorry chat one sec. Uh guys, it's movie time
For a hot bunch of crumb hot nice normal luncheon crumb
It's good to wash it down with a little bit of movies
AK trailers Trent's over there. He's waiting. He's roll. He's locked in
It might be friday, but that's still it doesn't ask me trailer thursday sometimes it's
Preview friday
That's senator. It's Trent at the movies
all right
Fucking hot today, dude
My phone was blowing up like for the last 10 minutes
From some dude named cam or something or cram saying, uh, is it working?
And I like, uh, I don't know who this is. I forgot your fucking number
So, uh, sorry for a little thrown off. I just hate getting like fucking robotex
Like it pissed me off because like sometimes ladies like you think it's a lady that's in love with you and then it's like
They ultimately just ask for like your social security number and like I forget that shit all the time
So I have to look it up
Youngblood, what are you talking about? I'm just fucking shooting this shit. Dude. That's what we do here. No, we watch trailers
Oh, yeah
That's actually kind of true
Okay, a little bit fine somebody wants to be all like
Get to work then like yo, I ain't afraid of a little hard work
Like I'm one of the hardest working people like probably in
Um
In high school
Do you even know what grade you're supposedly in? I'm in a high school grade, dude
Like it's all about grades. Sometimes it's about being in school. Okay, fine. You know, what do you want to watch today?
um
Can I say this title? What's the title the american society of magical
And then it's nn word, but
Not the really bad one what negroes
I can't believe you said it the american society of magical negroes you can say that I
You didn't just trap me did you
It's uh, yeah, I didn't say it you said it
I'm pretty sure that's it's like a historical word
Historical it's fine to say if there's stuff called that it's in a bunch of literature
You're fucking done for chris like
Damn, dude, like act like you've been here before I've what are you talking young blood? That's that's
I think it's more offensive to assume
That you can't
How is that more offensive? It's better to err on the side of caution
Yeah, it's fine to say that
It just sounded wrong coming out of your mouth, but honestly I support this film and I support
I support people of all
Of all types of people
So let's watch it. It's totally silent. What the fuck this is a silent film
Oh, no, I had it muted. Let's start let's start that over
Welcome to the american society
Of magical negroes
I know you can feel their discomfort erin
Watching you walk through a room full of white people was the most painful thing i've ever seen excuse me. Sorry
I don't want to take you to a job interview. There's a recruiting class starting right now and we've got to get you in it
Welcome to the american society
Of magical negroes
So I really think christian this is christian
What's the most dangerous animal on the planet?
Sure, white people when they feel uncomfortable white people feeling uncomfortable precedes a lot of bad stuff for us
That's why we fight white discomfort every day because the happier they are
The safer we are the name needs a little updating maybe like magical
Black people or I guess they don't have the same ring
You ready? Oh, wow your first client is adjacent month. His morale is far too low. Hey, hey, darn it
I was hoping there was a station right next to him
Oh, is this one smoking for? No
Yeah, it's actually fun and weirdly relaxing. It's like being a secret agent with none of the danger. Hey, I'm lucy. Nice to meet you
She's great. Yeah, she's cool. You kidding. Come on man. She's smart and funny
I know what you were doing going on about her. You're trying to set us up. No, no, no
That's someone I was doing you cannot have a relationship with lizzie now because if you don't put jason first everyone's magic will fail
No, not my magic
I've always felt like it's my job to make white people feel comfortable and here he literally is
But maybe it shouldn't be I got a great plan to ask her out, but I'm gonna need your help
Do you think you could like work your magic? Hey, are you talking about me? Hey, oh my god. Where are you?
But I'm
Someone to fight the society. Who was it? She didn't let her go like I told you if you interfere with her or your car
I have your memory erased. You won't even remember. She existed
Even though if you might never see each other again, I need you to know that what we had was real
I'm curious to see how you're gonna make it out of all this
Damn, I thought that movie was gonna be a comedy, but it was actually like a touching story of friendship
Young blood. It was obviously a comedy. No, I think it was
About like helping each other. It was a race. It was racial commentary and a comedy
Yes a rom-com
I thought it was like a
It was a chilling story about how you got to put your boys penis first sometimes
But like I don't sometimes I don't notice racial overtones because like I'm sort of like the next generation like
I we're kind of past that you know, but you are not past that even a little
And that's just how close-minded you are as you don't see how advanced I am
Young blood you've said some things on this network and I'm like, oh my god
Well, look, I just I'm taking that movie seriously and you're not it's a comedy
It's meant to be taken seriously from a comedic lens. Uh
Pay that penis for it exactly like uncle field gets it like
sometimes you got to like
Give your boy an inch or two and you take an inch or two down
And then like everybody's working with a solid package at that point
All right. Well, look, uh, I think that looks fine. Like, you know
It's uh, it's an old trope of an outdated trope and it's fun to see it. Uh, you know get get
Called out and played with
Dude, you sound right. You sound gross today. Oh, yeah, baby. Give me your sweet bitty deep inside me. I love it
Ballistics x verse 7
That's got to be a classic trailer. They can't be remaking that right? Yeah, that's from nine years ago
Well, maybe what maybe we'll watch a classic trailer last. Okay, ballistic x-verse ever
Destroy all neighbors official trailer coming to shutter
If
Oh, shit, ryan reynolds. I thought that he was just selling me credit cards now. He still makes movies
Well, he makes movies to sell credit cards. It's an incredible
Synergy between
Finance and film
Oh, okay. So this is what me watching a trailer from ryan reynolds would be a smart business move
One of the smartest an incredible money manager and an extremely consistent
Acting like presence on screen
incredible, let's uh
Let's imbibe some of this nutritious reynolds slurry
Why is it muted again? God damn it. Oh, looky. Looky. She is the perfect fit. I promise. Did she even see you? She was about to
What are you doing?
What the fuck is grimace doing? I
Oh god, this is just so exciting. What is happening? Well, that's a perfectly understandable question given up
I'm an if get it imaginary friend
Our kids grew up so we need new ones you could save all of us all of whom and don't say if
Let him say it or I think his head may actually explode
Thank you
You ready for this?
There's no telling who's behind that door today
We have to help them
Yes, we do
I'm not gonna ask you again put some pants on you're freaking everyone out. Oh my god. There's actors in me
Starting to see why I live alone
Kid creates an invisible if
Is that that bear from the horror movie?
Thanks for doing this. It really means a whole lot
All right
I don't know what they're doing. I don't talk about shit and something else popped up
um
honestly like
What I liked about that trailer is like I didn't get what I was supposed to be feeling or care about
However, the music made me realize that I should be feeling something and so then I just did
That's the power of ryan reynolds
You know, it's a movie. It's it's like it's like a movie
And it's technically is one and yet you never really feel like you're watching anything
It's beautiful. It slides down my throat so easy like lash like mashed potatoes
covered in oil
The delicious oily mashed potato mix sliding effortlessly effortlessly down your throat
And an offering financial advice. I hope that he drinks his sponsored liquor in that movie
Now he's probably gonna have to release like a cereal or something
Because he can't drink it because it's kids movie or maybe he'll just drink it anyway
Damn, I wish I had some ryan reynolds liquor because he makes it look so good when he drinks his whiskey
Don't we all
Feels like it might be wait, uh, tyler durden is gonna be in that. Oh, shit. What if that's a setup to fight club tyler durden shows up
To to ifters home for fake friends
And oh, it's a gin not whiskey. Damn. I've been drinking the wrong thing
You're I thought you're underage
Yeah, but I'm also cool as hell
Anyway, tyler durden shows up to ifters home for imaginary fake friends
And he's like, yo, I'm kind of the hottest dude of all time and I want to blow up new york
And then ryan reynolds has to be like, um
The crazy the crazy town is
Is one door over I can't think as quick as him because he's a master of sarcasm
But you get how it would go the thing I love about ryan reynolds is he never ceases to remind me that i'm currently watching a movie
It's incredible
Truly, uh, okay
Well, let's do one more trailer
and
Let's make it one that counts aka one from the past
Sometimes look i'm sort of a film history buff. You've just watched like 10 old trailers. Yeah, exactly
I sort of believe in protecting the legacy of cinema
And sometimes you got to watch an old trailer and this one's oldest. Shit. It's from the 90s. That's not that old
That's so at this point dude. That's fucking like i'm life support, but i'm bringing it back to life. It's ballistic
x versus ever
Someone's developed a micro device
the perfect assassin
Injectable lies and weighed inside its victim
One touch of a button you can give a head of state a heart attack two deadly agents
Oh, shit. I fought my FBI agent named Jeremiah x
sworn enemies
Seven or tracking it down
We have acquisition located
I have a situation and you're my only option
This woman single-handedly took out a heavily armed escort detail
I need you to find her of course you do
My daughter wanted to tell him why you look so sad
I'm told her it's because you just got beat up by a girl
Oh, oh, shit. He got a lose chain positive visual take it down
They find that their enemy
the only one
They can trust
Let's finish this
Listen people, you know that
only killers
Oh, I called it shit
Nah, I think he lives. Oh, maybe not. What the hell?
Dude the graphics are coming for us
The fucking titles are coming for us. Oh, shit
All that training
That's the best you can do. No
This is oh, she can speak. Oh man
Oh, no stinger
Love that when you don't have to like wait till after the
The ending little title to hear another thing back in the day. That's how it was also incredible that like
I didn't realize in the 90s. They made straight to dvd
movies
I thought everything went to to the cinema. Well that they did make straight to dvd movies tons of them in the 90s
But that one did go to theaters what you just watched
Yeah
It wasn't made for dvd. That was what?
That's so crazy. That felt like the kind of thing that would currently be put out on netflix
Can you imagine ron reynolds in that?
You know, I really can I can see ron reynolds being in that the tone of the movie would be more like
Wow, I'm in a fucking
Oh boy
Here we go again
And that would make it even better
Damn if only x
Which one was lucy lu the one that didn't speak at all
Was that sever? I think the one that didn't speak at all is sever
The characters are very distinct if you watch the film. Oh, yeah, because one's a lady who doesn't speak
She probably got lines in it doesn't move does the movie pass the bechtel test
If the women never talk at all
Because I mean they're not talking about men. They're just not speaking period. No, I think they have to talk
Which I'm sure she probably does at some point
She might say like
It's over and then push a button and something explodes
Well, she's not talking about a man there. So does that count? Well, I think he needs to be two women talking about not a guy
And that movie does only feature one woman never speaking so
119 reviews zero percent
Oh, come on. It's the classic of
A movie that is just
The genre it's in straight down the line. It's a race car of a film even the titles are driving towards you
It knows what it is. It's just an incredibly generic movie
Dude, why does cram keep texting me?
Did he react to it?
I don't fucking know man. Ah shit. I missed the delivery too
Well, you can't win them all
That's true. Sometimes your shit doesn't get delivered and yeah, whatever. All right. Well, that's a strong way to end it. Um
All right, y'all, I'll watch three trailers. I fucking did my due diligence
I've been diligent
And now I gotta be exigent
Which means leaving I think in latin
No
I don't think he knows either though
Here's the deal though. Y'all know what it is. I'll be fucking back. I'll be watching more shit and um
Why?
nice
That's how you watch three trailers folks
Take notes other twitch streams that have a segment where they watch exactly three trailers. So that's how it's done
all right, um
Let's see who else is on
Unless I miss something. I don't think I did
It's design time dank sauce
Oh, I still follow code Miko
Very dank sauce
Send you dank sauce this way. All right. I will be back on sunday
I'll be back on sunday with some more got more of this. What the fuck
It's chris trying to fill in for a crumb
Jesus
Unpleasant looking. Uh, I'll be back on sunday for more
Christmas time stuff did get lost
Hey, did um, I left my keys crumb. What are you doing up here?
I have you seen my keys
Dude, you are you serious?
You couldn't stay away for one stream to prove your point. No, I'm
I quit I'm gone. Um
Have you seen my keys crumb? I you know I I
Have a monitor actually on the parking lot. I can see that you drove here
Oh, maybe I left my keys in the car
Hey, dude
If you heard from munch. Oh my god, you too
Just
Go do the fucking show man. No, I quit. Um
But what did you see him get? Did he he was pretty upset?
No, I think it was fine actually. No
No, he was clearly bothered. No, I think it was fine
Uh, anyway, I've got a I'm I'm doing a lot of stuff now. So I just I left my keys
I guess I must have left them in the car
Because I have one of those cars that starts
If the keys are in proximity. I forgot that
So I was just confused how my car was driving drove here thinking I left my keys here
Now I used to understand they're in the car
So I'm out. I'm out permanently
Uh, I mean again, I you did sign like a multi-year contract
Probably some kind of termination fee if you quit
Um
Yeah, but we're friends. Hmm
We don't really talk
I just if you want to do the show man, just do the show. I know I don't though. I didn't miss it at all
He couldn't really do it without me as my point. You couldn't do it
At all you could do it
It would have meant a way to stronger point if you just stayed away
For even a couple shows
um
Maybe it was your house keys you lost because you slept in your car
We saw you
My me and my wife got a lot great. Um, so
The only reason I would sleep in my car is because I've just been busy. Um
Okay, man, that's fine. I whatever
Okay, so
You know, there's nothing else. Yeah, just don't I mean if you can quit you're you're allowed to quit
You just need to like you need to sign some paperwork and stuff
And you'll probably oh, you'll owe me a violation of contract something or other
I I'll have all the little time you big law look at it
And you're fine with it. I mean, I don't care at all
Okay, I guess we'll see. No. Yeah, whatever man. Um, okay. Well, that's all the time we have for today. Um
Let's raid dank sauce
Uh
There we go
Oh, you know, we you know, we could do vote on this dog
Oh, is that is that a thing we are doing still?
That's fine by me
Let's do a dog vote. I think I have to make the poll myself because it's been
Raid um keep producer
New producer
Permanent
Consulting producer. Oh wait. I said raid. Whoops. I meant slash poll
Wait, I should have the dog do this
You do this
Oh, okay. Um
producer
new
keep
Uh
perma dog
Consulting
I love the type with my little paws. This is one of the things I know how to do
Okay
Even though I said I didn't earlier
There's a poll for all you
um
I don't get what any of these options mean. I can't even see the third one on screen
But it's new keep or permanent consulting producer. And what does that mean?
Just means you'd sort of be around to be cut to
Permanently, I guess and I'd ask for your opinion on whatever new producer
Um, there is okay. That sounds
Like the same thing that you've been doing. Yeah
We're totally different
Huh
Well, I just would like to say I'm a little dog and I like to be good
And I don't know what producing is
So I probably shouldn't
Do it
But if you want me to I will because I like to make I when people are like, wow, look at that little thing
I'm like, he-he-he-he because I'm a dog
Okay, also the people are big and scary. So sometimes I'm like, okay, Pepito also
If you only gave me a name, but she still hasn't
Been by at all
Yeah, I know so just if you could just ask her
To swing by to
I know you haven't asked in a while. Maybe you can ask her to swing by to pick me up
Oh, I've asked. Okay
You wish you had a dog
I wish I had a person
But there's no way to work it out
Um
Honestly, it's looking pretty strongly in your favor
For a permanent position here at this network. How does that make you feel?
Does it come with a bump in the amount of
Scraps that I eat
Sure, I'll drop extra scraps. Oh my god. This is incredible
More scraps
Oh, holy shit. Yes
Wow, we did it folks
I've I get more scraps than ever. I'm I get all of them. I've never been more excited
Okay, great. Yeah, I'm wagging all my parts even the dog ones and the chicken parts
Oh, yeah, I forgot you're kind of a chupacabra. No, I'm a dog. I'm a little dog with paws and chicken legs
Yay
Congrats congrats. I'm legally obligated to no longer terminate you
Uh, you're a permanent, um
Producer and I'm assuming that's a good thing and if you need a producer
Yeah, I'll find one. I'll find a new one. Yeah, I'll find one
You have your keys. You're good to go, right?
Yeah
Okay, anyway, um guys, thanks so much for hanging out. Let's raid dank sauce
Uh
Yes follower subscriber only chat so be sure to give them a follow if you want to chat
Um, oh, do you need cab fare? I have I'm sleeping in my car. Oh, you're sleeping in your car
I mean, I'm driving. I drove my car here. Oh, so you drive your car here with your keys. Well, that's already we already established
Anywho, um
raid message for dank sauce is mary grunch miss. Let's spread the grunch miss love
Sunday at 7 p.m. We'll be grunching it up the grunch will inform us who's on the fox list
Can I do that? Actually, you do have to be here for that. You have to do crumbs miss. Oh
So I'm needed. Well, I mean, there's a sub goal that was made while you were still acting normally
So, yeah, uh, and be sure to wear green all over your body
Oh, is that a thing? Yeah, everybody's got to be green. Anyway, um
We'll see y'all later. Mary grunch miss to all of you if you can't make it on sunday. Don't worry. All you're missing is
the fuck
Kendall might be there if I can if I can convince her to uh fox miss with me. I mean grunch miss
What grunch miss
We're making the fox list
It's grunch miss celebrating fox
Okay, well, anyway, my point is maybe she'll be here. Bye everybody
The stream this is for everyone. This is for everyone who somehow is still watching stream up until this very moment
You know what I mean? He has waited already, but he has not stopped streaming. So give them a special message
Um
Secretly. Mm-hmm. And then and then
I don't even know how would we know they they saw this, you know what I mean?
We should do this at the end of you should do this at the end of every stream
If somehow you saw the post rate part of the stream. Yes at the start of the next stream
Type firecrumb permanently
No, I feel like people would do that on the regular
It has to be different. Um, you know like it has to look okay. Okay. It's a super secret stream
Yeah, is what you is what you can type super secret stream
Make sure case sees it and that's just for you baby. That's just for you