I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live.
And I'm a dog.
My penis is back!
Five and ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one.
Sometimes, you know?
The sad music plays.
And then suddenly you have to apologize.
There we go.
Guys, Crumb is back to life. That's the big apology.
Who didn't die is more like it.
Oh, I did a haircut so bad!
Did any of the bin team get raptured?
I guess Crumb got sucked back up from hell.
Yeah, look at this cowlet go.
We have the neck beard going, oh, I'm rocking it today.
How many subs to kill Crumb again?
Six.
It's too much work to kill him.
No amount of subs seems to be able to keep him dead.
You thought we were in hell?
I guess they got out.
Sunday, according to Munch, Peter was vanquished, whatever that means.
And Crumb is back.
So that's the big news.
It's the big stream news of the day.
These very real people are back in our lives or out of them.
Maybe Peter's gone.
Maybe that's the trade we had to make.
To see ourselves to Valhalla.
Just like certain people.
Such a popular term lately.
Are Peter and Grand-Man dead?
I don't know.
They blew up.
According to Munch, they blew up.
Big time exploded.
There's still a hole in the wall.
I don't know what was accomplished.
But I know it was a lot of work.
We might do it again at some point.
Today though, I have to do a pretty quick stream.
I'll be honest.
I started really late.
I might try to do an hour.
But we'll be back on Friday.
I put so much work in that stream.
I thought I'll take a little less time to stream this week.
To catch up with the rest of my life.
And Dave is wandering around this too.
Maybe we'll have Dave get his own thing.
He's such a beautiful, stocky man.
It was...
If you want to see a little under the hood, guys.
For the red tape that we had to clear.
To make that wall thing work.
Here, I'll open up all of the individual tasks.
That had to be created.
And there were still a lot of problems, to be honest.
Because I didn't really have time to test it.
Not that I was building an actual game exactly.
But I realized even to simulate an RPG.
I guess I had to build the incredibly bare bones version of a game.
Essentially into OPS.
From the text still didn't work.
That's true.
But if you want to see the dumb thing.
In list form that we did.
It...
I don't want to see it at all.
I don't even want to be here.
Oh weird.
That grandma was here.
It was not a plug-in. It was all custom.
So...
Look.
Transitions. Just transitions.
The player 2 stuff.
Player 1.
Effects. When you open any of these up.
Unfortunately they're all tabs of like a million different...
Little mini sub-actions.
Some way worse than others.
And their level of intensity.
This is the only time streamer bot full screen will ever get 5 stars.
Anyway all of this is just...
The shit.
It's not actually that bad looking at it this way.
But though when you open each one and realize all of them have like little individual...
Crazy things going on.
Every one of these is just a really long list of stuff that all had to be done manually.
There's probably a better way.
There was probably a better way.
But I was committed to doing it that way.
Once I had started.
Because then you can customize it as much as you want.
You get it.
Anyway.
Maybe we'll...
It took enough work that we should probably do it again at some point.
Just so I didn't literally put in like...
Hobby style work for a...
One 3 hour stream.
Streamer bot is...
For whatever streaming requires independently.
It's the best app I've found.
So I guess I have to give it 5 stars.
But working with it is like a 2 star experience still for sure.
Which is up from 1 star.
Yeah we could do the murder mystery as an RPG probably.
Maybe I can even make Fiona do it with me.
I think the only limitation that I still see of this system is...
Oh my god.
And we'll get to thinking subs in just a second.
Is it might still be a little confusing for any person playing it with me.
Like the guess that we get.
So like what exactly is even happening.
So I might try to find a...
That might be the next goal I have for that kind of system.
Is just making it a little easier for...
Whoever joins me.
And also it might be easier if I wasn't also playing as a person too.
Or munch wasn't.
Sorry not to take all the credit for whatever munch is doing.
That's what a producer is for.
We don't have a different producer.
Other than the one producer that we have.
And he's been very clear that he's not willing to help.
Yeah.
I'm not doing that stuff.
I was in there though.
I revived people several times.
But that's the limit of the amount of work I'm willing to do.
So get wrecked.
We did.
Although I guess they also won.
Okay.
Well look we don't have much time.
And there's a whole new segment also that I made.
I made it well.
I updated an old segment.
To possibly be a little more functional.
So hype train.
I need you to just also spoiler alert.
One fun thing that happened to make Sunday a little more stressful for me.
Is my snap camera.
Completely reset.
My hotkeys.
You might guess.
That there's like.
There were hundreds of hotkeys that are now gone.
So that was fun.
All the filters are still available.
I just have to refind.
Some people again.
Jeb might get another facelift.
If I'm not able to locate certain assets.
Anyway.
As we love to say.
Mmm.
Also I have no idea why it happened.
It just happens every couple of months.
Where is Salazar.
Again it's just like a real commitment for me to figure out the.
To pop the hood on snap camera and reactivate all the custom filters that got broken.
By some update on snap cameras and to make this.
Hack of their software even less functional.
I don't know why Pepito was gone for so long.
But someday maybe we'll get him back.
It just I mean it'll probably take like more work than you'd think.
I'll probably have to figure it out for about five or six hours of just.
Reading so I haven't made the time to do that yet.
But someday we might.
Anyway I train what the what are you doing.
Oh.
I was not vanquished.
I saw you guys go zooming by in hell.
Garcy.
Light this bitch up.
And I was unimpressed.
I got in and out of hell all the time.
You guys are amateurs of this game.
I was born in hell.
Living in a hot piss smell.
But the piss smells well.
Smells well.
Smells well in the piss.
If you catch my giz.
I'm a half a bris.
I'ma drink some crisps.
But.
Crisps in hell is pissing pissing hell is crisps in crisps on earth is piss.
But nobody knows this.
What?
I know that the crisps pissing pissing.
Crisps in that's my wish I made on the earth piss.
In the crisps.
In the crisps pissing the hell piss.
You're just saying where's the rhyme with piss.
Nope.
Sorry miss.
Anyway I got some people to thank.
Let's see you some chat man.
Looking out for this god damn sub rolling in.
Alright.
We're summing me today.
Let's thank them all.
So I went back on my way.
We got car kangles for 300 bits.
That was three days ago though.
It was in the day man.
Let me take this real slow.
We got an antedad in 17 minutes ago.
With the 35 months we've been putting on the show.
We got check.
Once in five.
35 months keeping the hot train way to the live.
We got another sub governing before that.
We got waffles art.
34 months baby I'd say that's a pretty damn good start.
We got beef rando.
Seven minutes ago with the wee wee wee.
You know what else is wee wee?
This.
Now you see okay.
Bum sprout.
Five subs.
Money I was draping it on thick showing too much love.
Currently working four minutes ago.
The wall stream was awesome.
Thank you.
Didn't do anything I drank.
Yeah I did.
I was there.
For like two seconds.
Counts.
Still counts.
Stormburn 92.
35 months they've been coming through my the eyes.
Five community subs again.
That's just way too much love.
Who else took the five?
Somebody else took the five.
I'm gonna miss it.
Bubble sprout.
Oh my god.
Listen god.
No doubt.
Five.
Community subs.
Two months love.
For now I think the hype train is fucking done.
I'm busy today case.
What are you doing that's more important than rapping on my stream?
I gotta go file some divorce papers in hell.
Make sure they're fully on the file.
My marriage is gonna be nulled by someone returning to life.
You were actually married to Crum & El?
Of course.
I'm a hot commodity down there.
Although I'm one of the few things that doesn't have sex in hell
because I just don't know what it is.
And I don't think I have the parts.
But people still love to throw up their channels all over the place.
So I guess that counts.
I don't really need you to get into it.
You want me to get into a graphic detail about how sex works in hell with a train?
No.
You sure?
That's crazy. See ya.
The hype is still happening.
The hype train left.
That's a dereliction of duty.
But also I usually complain about him being on for too long anyway.
Let's just do some news.
Tripping out in here, case.
How am I supposed to confidence?
Confidence? How am I supposed to focus?
Me, Jeff Ripple.
Clearly you can't even use words right now, Jeff.
You're losing it, man.
No!
I accidentally said confidence because I have so much.
Hype Ripple. That's right. Don't adjust your TV.
The hype is emanating from me today.
Want me to rhyme with piss a lot?
No, you've had a fair amount of that for almost three years.
Brevory Wolf.
Great to see you.
The resident wolf got raptured.
But I was inside so I got stuck on the ceiling.
And now they're back down.
Congratulations on being one of the elect.
But then I guess blowing it.
Did you get raptured?
Are you still here?
I'm looking right at you.
Oh, right.
I forgot that you're looking directly at me.
Did you get raptured?
I'm right here, you idiot.
You just asked me the same question.
We have fun speaking of biblical levels of importance.
You hear about Jimmy Kimmel's monologue?
Is that the top story we're getting into?
Jimmy Kimmel did a...
He saved the country last night.
And I'm laughing as it was so funny.
I saw clips.
I think the whole thing is on YouTube.
We could watch some of it.
I think it's like 20 minutes long.
It already has...
How many views does it have?
17 million people watch Jimmy Kimmel.
Respond to this Trump beef.
Classic freedom.
I like the new beef system.
It's freedom of speech based.
We need a headline.
Jimmy Kim Weld?
Is that good case?
Do you like this headline that I just made?
It's one of our worst ever.
I had to think of it on short notice.
What do you want from me?
Look, I could read stories about it.
Or I could just click on this.
Breaking news.
We watch...
How much of this can we watch?
I don't know.
I heard he cried.
I saw clips of him crying.
I don't know how much he cried.
Let's see how much crying he was doing.
The tears of freedom.
It was on Jimmy Kimmel and autism.
Jimmy Kimmel coming back to late night television.
ABC chose to bring back their low rating night time hosts.
We are in for a monologue that will be a marker in late night show history.
It's going to be in a moment.
Yeah, no question.
Yeah, look at all this hype.
American history.
Oh, there we go.
He will be delivering what is being dubbed the most anticipated monologue in late night in years.
Change year.
From Hollywood, it's Jimmy Kimmel Live.
Report.
He gets cheered a lot.
Let's just watch the whole thing.
Well, alright.
I guess we can't get taken down if everybody's doing it.
Eat in the audience.
It would have made a real statement.
That's next level what you're saying.
Jesus.
Too loud for our speakers to handle.
It's 20 minutes.
We might get bored.
We'll see how long case can handle it.
I was saying before I was interrupting.
If you're just joining us, we are preempting your regularly scheduled on-core episode of Celebrity Family Feud to bring you this special report.
I'm happy to be here tonight with you.
Well, if Jay Leno appeared, the new Trump ambassador, Leno, you gonna poo poo this case?
I think it's good he's back.
I'm not sure who had a weirder 48 hours.
Me or the CEO of Tylenol.
It's been overwhelming.
I've heard from a lot of people over the last six days.
I've heard from all the people in the world over the last six days.
Everyone I have ever met has reached out 10 or 11 times.
Weird characters from my past are...
The guy who fired me from my first radio job in Seattle, where we are not airing tonight, by the way.
Sorry, Seattle.
His name is Larry.
In 1989, Larry tried to force me...
Oh, yeah. In case anybody wasn't aware, Fiona Nova probably did reach out.
He still wasn't airing in like 25% of stations or something.
I think he wasn't airing in Washington.
Some Sinclair broadcasting was like, no, not after what you said, Jimmy.
You need to do a bit called jokes for donuts, where people would call in with a joke and I would give them donuts.
I refused to do it and I made a lot of fun of Larry for suggesting it.
Eventually, Larry fired me and I had to move back in with my parents.
But even he learned to cheer me up.
Thank you, Larry.
And I want to thank everyone who checked in.
He does seem...
I mean, it's understandable, but he does seem pretty wavery.
I guess this is hitting him in the soft spots.
Which is, again, I don't know what I'm saying. That's bad.
It's fair. He probably felt like he'd lost a lot.
We'll see how it goes.
Some that I do especially want to mention are my fellow late night talk show host,
my friend Stephen Colbert.
He's found himself in this predicament.
My friend, John Stewart, Seth Meyers, Jimmy Fallon, John Oliver,
Conan O'Brien, James Corden, our senior Matthew Wanda, Chelsea.
One of them.
Jay reached out.
Jay did. Jay reached out.
In other countries from Ireland and from Germany,
the guy in Germany offered me a job.
Can you imagine?
This country has become so authoritarian, the Germans.
Would he have been screwed if he didn't get his job back?
I don't really think so.
I think a lot of his staff would have been screwed.
Which, I mean, he also would take a huge pay cut if he wasn't on traditional cable TV.
I don't think he would immediately be making as much money on a podcast or something.
But I do think all of these legacy late night figures,
something's got to give independently of all this free speech stuff, which is ridiculous.
I just don't know how much the financials of these shows make sense anymore,
although they could still make sense.
Because again, they create a lot of cultural wake that other people talk about.
But if the Joe Rogans and Tim, whatever,
Dylan's of the world get the same reach and are just a guy in a room,
it makes these shows seem a little less reasonable.
For better or worse, probably for worse.
How loose!
Yeah, he's going to be fine either way also. He's already rich.
I don't know if Sterne and David Letterman were very considerate.
I feel honored to be part of a group of people that knows what goes into doing a show.
We do love a guy in a room.
I also want to thank all of you.
Guys!
We supported our show, cared enough to do something about it to make your voices heard so that mine could be heard.
Is it weird that I think less of him for coming back?
I don't think so.
I mean, I guess like, if you want to give him more of the, extend more of the olive branch,
I think it's good that Disney caved to public pressure essentially.
Although then they also caved to Donald Trump's pressure.
So it's a bit of a wash.
Again, I think because these guys have really big staffs of like writers and producers and crew,
it would be difficult for them to just take a stand here and be like,
I won't come back when the livelihoods of like, you know, hundreds or more people are relying on you just doing this show.
I think that's, I think that's fair.
It just depends what kind of statements he makes.
And again, I haven't really watched this full thing as to how I feel about the whole circus of it all.
But I think on the whole, for me at least, I get why he came back.
I'll never forget it.
And maybe, maybe most of all, I want to thank the people who don't support my show and what I believe,
but support my right to share those beliefs anyway.
People who I never would have imagined.
Like Ben Shapiro, Clay Travis, Candace Owens, Mitch McConnell, Rand Paul, even my old pal Ted Cruz,
who believe it or not said something very beautiful on my behalf.
Beautiful.
I hate what Jimmy Kimmel said.
I am thrilled that he was fired.
Oh wait, no, not that.
The other part.
But let me tell you, if the government gets in the business of saying,
What you can't say.
We don't like what you, the media have said.
We're going to ban you from the airwaves if you don't say what we like.
That will end up bad for conservatives.
I don't think I've ever seen this before, but Ted Cruz is right.
He's absolutely right.
It's affecting all of us, including him.
I mean, think about it.
If Ted Cruz can't speak freely, then he can't cast spells on the Smurfs.
Even though I don't agree with many of the people on most subjects,
some of the things they say even make me want to throw up.
It takes courage for them to speak out against this administration.
They did and they deserve credit for it.
I mean, this is like, you know, I can obviously just speak as crazily as I want on a stream.
And I have not even a tenth of a 1% of this guy's audience.
I can get why he's trying to like make inroads, I guess, here to conservatives,
but like, I don't know, I don't really feel the need to give like Ted Cruz the pad on the back.
He's just in a very different position though than like most of the creators you watch.
And obviously a million eyes are on him.
17 million just on YouTube.
So, I don't know.
This doesn't really make me feel inspired, but let's keep going.
That our government cannot be allowed to control what we do and do not say on television
and that we have to stand up to it.
I've been hearing a lot about what I need to say and do tonight.
And the truth is, I don't think what I have to say is going to make much of a difference.
If you like me, you like me. If you don't, you don't.
I have no illusions about changing anyone's mind.
But I do want to make something clear because it's important to me as a human.
And that is, you understand that it was never my intention to make light of the murder of a young...
Sorry, this is literally the spot where I think he starts crying so we'll rewind it,
but I did miss a call from Kendall so I gotta take it real quick guys.
List of priorities here, you know.
We have to say tether to the real world at some time, sometimes.
Hey, I'm streaming, sorry.
Oh, okay.
But I'm only gonna do a little bit today. I think I'll be done by 7.45-ish.
You can stream longer because I'm gonna watch Murr on Discord.
Oh, okay. Well then maybe we do go longer.
If you... because I'm not allowed to watch that show because I had a bad attitude the first time.
You really did. You had such a bad attitude.
I'm like, you can't watch it with me and you're not gonna enjoy it.
I'm so bad at doing running commentary on things, everyone. You might have noticed.
If it on shows, people are excited to show him.
I think I still submit that I was enjoying it. I think I just made one or two comments that ruined it.
One or two is a lot.
Yeah, that's fair. Anyway, okay. Well, I will order us food at some point then.
Okay.
But how far are you from home?
30 minutes. Okay, I'll see you in 30 minutes.
Okay. Okay, bye.
Bye. Say bye to the stream.
Bye, stream. There you go, guys. Okay, talk soon. Bye-bye.
My wife is not a fan of hilarious comments on shows she wants me to watch.
It's a bad habit that I think a lot of guys have, unfortunately.
Including me. I'm like, but what if I say this?
In case you watched Dan to Dan, Dan to Dan Dan, my brother also, not my brother or my brother also told me I need to watch that.
So I really should. That was when I tried to watch with Kendall.
And you know what? She had little comments on that one that she did not want to watch it.
And she hated the animation style.
But I will say that is a more upfront way to do it than being like, you all watch it and then being like,
this is the rating here. That does sound annoying, case. And you're bad.
Thank you for backing Kendall up there.
Okay, anyway, we're in the middle of the peak of the Kimmel experience here.
The first time I've watched him in years. Let's go back a couple seconds so we can pick up with our previously scheduled Kimmeling
and see what he's got to say.
So far, Republicans are also in some cases in favor of free speech.
Has been at the thrust of it.
And do not say on television and that we have to stand up to it.
I've been hearing a lot about what I need to say and do tonight.
And the truth is, I don't think what I have to say is going to make much of a difference.
If you like me, like me. If you don't, you don't.
I have no illusions about changing anyone's mind.
But I do want to make something clear because it's important to me as a human.
And that is you understand that it was never my intention to make light of the murder of a young man.
I don't think there's anything funny about it.
I posted a message on Instagram of the Dave's killed sending love to his family and asking for compassion.
And I meant it. I still do.
Nor was it my intention to blame any specific group for the actions of what it was obviously a deeply disturbed individual.
That was really the opposite of the point I was trying to make.
But I understand that to some that felt either ill timed or unclear or maybe both.
And for those who think I did point a finger, I get why you're upset.
If the situation was reversed, there's a good chance I'd have felt the same way.
I have many friends and family members on the other side who I love and remain close to,
even though we don't agree on politics at all.
I don't think the murderer who shot Charlie Kirk represents anyone.
This was a sick person who believed violence was a solution and it isn't. It ever.
And also selfishly, I am a person who gets a lot of threats.
I have many ugly and scary threats against my life, my wife, my kids, my coworkers.
I think that's all kind of fair. We'll keep, we'll keep, we'll just watch the whole thing.
But seeing as we're watching it on the stream, I guess I may as well say something about it.
Don't. Do you want to say anything about it?
Um, wow. That's not useful, Jeff.
Whoa. Okay. Hmm.
I think he's being pretty conciliatory is my basic feeling.
I'm guessing he's going to probably spin back around to some more general statements about free speech.
Obviously for my taste, I would prefer if he was a little less conciliatory.
If he wasn't like, I kind of get on some level feeling like if you really believe,
like I do that all violence is wrong, that if you felt like you were contributing to it in some capacity,
maybe it would make you emotional. I don't know. It's not really like kind of like he was saying.
I don't really think it's his responsibility to say exactly the right thing and heal all national wounds.
I will say, I think if I think if he draws some illusions and I don't know if he does,
like Mahmood Khalil, for instance, I would say is a more serious infraction against free speech
than even what he's going through. It's literally like deporting people and imprisoning them.
And there's other cases of that. Will he get into that stuff?
That's what I would. That's the angle I would go with if I was him and not doing that.
I'm not a little disappointing because I just think it's I think it's a more prescient issue.
I don't know. I kind of agree with him that like he's in a shitty position where it feels like he's supposed to say like
he's supposed to give some independence, they start style speech to protect us from the aliens.
But I guess I just wish he had a little bit more of a sober look at the situation and found like a clear angle.
And I also kind of wish...
Oh, people are saying you to something.
Wait until he breaks on over Erica's speech at the rally.
I've heard a lot of talk about Erica Kirk's speech and I don't know.
I can't really... there's nothing good someone like me can say about it.
Like she is an actual widow who literally just lost her husband, whose husband was just violently killed.
But the political spectacle of the thing just makes it so insane that like the fact people are trying to glean this moat, this like a nugget of brave reconciliation
that maybe she was earnestly going for. I'm sorry to me it's overshadowed by like the fucking literal Nazi rally rhetoric that was flying around the entire time.
Anyway, separate thing. Let's get back to Kimmel, I guess.
Because of what I choose to say. And I know those threats don't come from the kind of people on the right who I know and love.
So that's what I wanted to say on that subject. But I don't want to make this about me because...
And I know this is what people say when they make things about them. But I really don't.
This show... this show is not important. What is important is that we get to live in a country that allows us to have a show like this.
I've had the opportunity to meet and spend time with comedians and talk show hosts from countries like Russia, countries in the Middle East
who told me they would get thrown in prison for making fun of those in power, and worse than being thrown in prison.
They know how lucky we are here. Our freedom to speak is what they admire most about this country.
And that's something I'm embarrassed to say I took for granted until they pulled my friend Stephen off the air and tried to coerce the affiliates.
Again, he's taking... it's understandable that he is. He's taking the angle of the main assaults against free speech are against late night hosts.
I don't know if he's going to stay there. Maybe it's just... there's a million ways to justify it.
Maybe he's just trying to make this digestible for his audience who cares more about him than someone like, again, like Mahmood Khalil.
But the hyper focus around people losing these legacy late night shows does feel odd to me.
But I understand that people will legitimately care more about this than like people getting kicked out of the country for criticizing Israel.
So anyway, let's keep going.
Who run our show in the cities that you live in to take my show off the air. That's not legal. That's not American. That is un-American.
And it's so crazy.
Why didn't you think about that?
Could the government be allowed to regulate which podcasts the cell phone companies and Wi-Fi providers are allowed to let you download to make sure they serve the public interest?
Case. There are certain podcasts that if they couldn't be downloaded.
Look, it would actually be bad. It would be bad. But him just saying that a lot is like, well, they couldn't hear some of them.
But yes, I do agree with him. That would be bad.
You think that sounds crazy?
Ten years ago, this sounded crazy. Brendan Carr, the chairman of the FCC, telling an American company, we can do this the easy way or the hard way,
and that these companies can find ways to change conduct and take action on Kimmel, or there's going to be additional work for the FCC ahead.
In addition to being the direct violation of the First Amendment is not a particularly intelligent threat to make in public.
Ted Cruz said he sounded like a mafioso. Although I don't know, if you want to hear a mob boss make a threat like that, you have to hide a microphone in a deli and park outside in a van with a taper quarter all night long.
This genius said it on a podcast. Brendan Carr is the most embarrassing Carr Republicans have embraced since this one.
And that's saying something.
Yeah, Card King, that's a fair point. I mean, this is certainly not the first time.
The idea that like cancel culture is the progenitor of all of all these celebrities losing their job is just so laughable.
If you've ever looked into the history of politics in our country since the arrival of TV, like the airwaves have always been regulated.
It's just a question of how and like around what subjects he could.
Again, he could easily get kicked off the air for really openly criticizing Israel still.
There's other subjects he could easily get kicked off the air for. There's obviously stuff around like sexuality and expression like that that's always been completely disallowed.
But there's like a long history of political speech also getting censored for sure.
I do think what he's saying is like for his negatives, I can be about the state of our country.
I do broadly agree with him that like one of the few, not few, but one of the things I like about being an American is, you know, that we do seem to have certain privileged free speech still, although it's clearly a pro precarious situation.
So I'm glad he's at least talking in that direction. I don't know. Let's see how it goes.
The FCC has a tradition of meddling where they shouldn't underpin.
Do you? Yeah. I mean, that's what I'm saying. Like obviously it is not entirely free, but it is still you still have certain protections that you don't have in other countries.
I do think that's true. There are also countries where you might have more free speech around certain subjects.
It's not never as simple as like we just have free speech. But I do think it's fair to say you are still able to criticize the government in most cases without immediate repercussions.
But that is a sliding scale. And I do think currently it's sliding in the wrong direction, which I do think is broadly his point.
Many admit any exact some people have like this. There was an FCC commissioner back in 2022 who worked under Joe Biden who was spot on.
He wrote President Biden is right. Political satire is one of the oldest and most important forms of free speech.
It challenges those in power while using humor to draw more people into the discussion.
That's why people in influential positions have always targeted it for censorship.
You know who wrote that? FCC commissioner, Brendan Carr, who later was appointed chairman of the FCC by this former crusader for free speech.
If we don't have free speech, then we just don't have a free country. It's as simple as that.
If this most fundamental right is allowed to perish, then the rest of our rights and liberties will talk.
He's talking about game or gate during this.
Just like Dominos, one by one they'll go down.
That was also in 2022. And I wonder how did that guy turn into this guy?
Who would you like to see replace Kimmel on late night?
A lot of people, anybody could replace him. The guy had no talent. Kimmel had, the key was fired. He had no talent.
He's a whack job, but he had no talent. And more importantly the talent he had though, because a lot of people have no talent to get ratings.
But he had no ratings.
Well, I do tonight.
At least on YouTube.
George almost had to feel sorry for him. He tried his best to cancel me.
Instead he forced millions of people to watch the show. That backfired bigly.
He might have to release the Epstein files to distract us from this now.
A lot of people have been asking me if there are conditions for my return to the air.
This is one. Disney has asked me to read the following statement.
And I've agreed to do it. Here we go.
To reactivate your Disney Plus and Hudo account.
That's just slam Diego for sure.
Honestly, I'm a terrible laugher when it comes to watching comedy clips.
I don't actually think all of this is terrible even though my face is completely placid.
I do think he's in a difficult position.
I don't think we have the most free speech of any nation.
But I broadly agree with the point that the forms of free speech that we traditionally have had are at least worth aspiring to uphold.
I don't know.
It kind of does point to what he says doesn't really matter.
Unfortunately, that's kind of true.
The basic action is Disney could take him off the air and then they let him back on.
So, I don't know.
I've heard this get praised a lot and also get attacked.
And right now I feel kind of in the middle which is not the most exciting position.
Open the Disney Plus app on your smart TV or TV.
Yeah, Christ is sick. I feel kind of the same way.
I've been fortunate to work at a company that has allowed me to do the show the way we want to do it for almost 23 years.
I've done almost 4,000 shows on ABC.
And over that time, the people who run this network have allowed me to evolve and to stretch the boundaries of what was once traditional for a late-night talk show,
even when it made them uncomfortable, which I do a lot.
Every night they've defended my right to poke fun at our leaders and to advocate for subjects that I've never seen before.
Well, not every night.
It's important by allowing me to use their platform and I'm very grateful for that.
With that said, I was not happy when they pulled me off the air on one.
I did not agree with that decision and I told them that and we had many conversations.
I shared my point of view. They shared theirs. We talked it through.
And at the end, even though they didn't have to, they really didn't have to.
This is a giant company. We have short attention spans and I am a tiny part of the Disney Corporation.
They welcomed me back on the air and I thank them for that.
Fortunately, and I think unjustly, this puts them at risk.
The President of the United States made it very clear he wants to see me and the hundreds of people who work here fired from our jobs.
Our leader celebrates Americans losing their livelihoods because he can't take a joke.
He was...
So like what he just said about...
Again, like, this is the crazy thing about critiquing a late night.
It's hosts, political effectiveness.
Because I do kind of agree that it's like, it's never going to really...
It's never going to create the fireworks people are expecting.
It is ultimately about entertaining us.
And I don't mean that as like...
He has no responsibility to anything, but like, I do agree that like broadly comedy, for better or worse,
doesn't have the political effectiveness some people think it does.
But he's in a position right now where like, it's really...
It doesn't even really matter what kind of jokes he makes unless he just feels like really turning it on
and like somehow pulls the funniest monologue of all time out of this.
Like he is basically doing like a campaign speech weirdly right now for broadly like liberal democracy.
And I don't find it that inspiring when you do things like humanize the Disney executives that pulled you off the air.
I understand that he probably actually has a relationship with these people.
So to him it feels naturally humanized, but it's like a multi-billion dollar corporation making an incredibly monetarily motivated decision
to do something completely cowardly and then to give them credit for like reversing on it.
I wouldn't have done that if I was him.
But again, he has like a literal open business relationship with these people
and he's probably trying to defend his show and the jobs of the people at that show.
So I get it, but you know, people are clearly trying to draw battle lines right now
and his are feeling pretty wavery I think because the general thrust of this at least so far to me feels like,
let's come together.
I can see why he went that angle because it feels good, but I just don't know.
I don't know if that's really the message right now.
I do think people need to be willing to be a little more aggressive and it doesn't feel like he is.
Able to squeeze Colbert out of CBS, then he turned his sights on me
and now he's openly rooting for NBC to fire Jimmy Fallon and Seth Meyers
and the hundreds of Americans who work for their shows who don't make millions of dollars.
And I hope that if that happens or if there's even any hint of that happening,
you will be ten times as loud as you were this week.
We have to speak out against this fact and it's not just comedy.
He's gunning for our journalists too.
He's suing them, he's bullying them over the weekend.
His foxy friend Pete Hegseth announced a new policy that requires journalists
with Pentagon press credentials to sign a pledge promising not to report information
that hasn't been explicitly authorized for release.
That includes unclassified information.
They want to pick and choose what the news is.
I know that's not as interesting as muzzling a comedian
but it's so important to have a free press and it is nuts that we aren't paying more attention to it.
Walter Cronkite must be spinning in his grave right now.
He's dead, right?
Look, I never imagined I would be in a situation like this.
I barely paid attention in school.
One thing I did learn from Lenny Bruce and George Carlin and Howard Stern
is that a government threat to silence a comedian the president doesn't like is anti-American.
That's anti-American.
If we do it enough times it kind of becomes American, right?
Some solidarity on that from the right and the left and from those in the middle like Joe Rogan.
Maybe the silver lining from this is we found one thing we can agree on
and maybe we'll even find another one.
Maybe we can get a little bit closer together.
We do agree on a lot of things.
We agree on keeping our children safe from guns,
from reproductive rights for women, social security.
Yeah, I...
Saying Joe Rogan is a person in the middle is...
That's an angle, I guess, that you could take.
All of this is very conciliatory in nature.
If I had a huge national platform, I don't know what I feel like my responsibilities would be
because I do broadly agree like at some point people need like a shared sense of identity
for a country to be functional.
Like it would be nice if we could come together around certain issues.
In a sense, there's things Americans still agree on.
We still agree money is a thing everyone wants.
I'd say that's one of our few shared beliefs.
I just don't... I don't know.
This feels like it's coming from like a just a different reality to me a little bit.
Yeah, I mean some of us like football.
More Americans like football than don't like it probably.
That's the thing we could at least say.
I guess I feel like the moment of like we can come together around our shared values
is just like we're too far from there.
I hope someday we get there, but I don't think we're there right now.
So I think you may as well come in guns blazing.
I kind of agree like the more baller move would for sure be like,
yeah, I'll come back and then you just go nuts on the airways for 20 minutes
and get immediately canceled again.
And then you'd ride off into the sunset to like start a podcast
or your own YouTube show or whatever the fuck someone at his level of exposure can do.
I don't fault him for not doing that.
I'm sure he has all sorts of considerations.
But this definitely is...
There's parts of it I can broadly agree with
because I guess the point is to make it kind of agreeable,
but so far this does not work for me.
Affordable healthcare, pediatric cancer research.
These are all things that most Americans support.
Let's stop letting these politicians tell us what they want
and tell them what we want.
Over the weekend, a very beautiful moment.
I don't know if you saw this on Sunday.
Erica Kirk forgave the man who shot her husband.
She forgave him.
Oh shoot.
Well, some of that stuff does not work.
I'll try to turn it off eventually.
It's for the RPG stream.
In the teachings of Jesus as I do, there it was.
That's it.
A selfless act of grace, forgiveness from a grieving widow.
It touched me deeply.
And I hope it touches many.
And if there's anything we should take from this tragedy to carry forward,
I hope it can be that, not this.
So thank you for listening.
And I'll have more to say when we come back.
I mean, there is more, but I feel like I get the thrust of his message.
Did you feel the thrust?
I felt it.
Did you like the feeling?
Crazy how since the pandemic, things have taken a complete U-turn,
almost like being shut in for a solo program,
the most vulnerable idiots of our population,
turned their mega mind melt into a twisted version of mainstream.
I don't even know.
I think our media landscape is fractured enough that I'm not even going to guess
where the actual popular center on things is anymore.
I think if I had one issue with this speech,
which I think is closer to what it is from Jimmy Kimmel,
and I understand why he's giving one,
given the amount of attention on him,
and the things that feel like are at stake.
If I had a main issue, it's just that I don't feel like he has a clear sense of the actual
hard divisions that are not reconcilable,
that I do think you have to speak to.
Like, he can say things bring us together,
but half the country believes that an immigrant invasion
is the principal reason for all of the problems in our country,
and that if we just lock up enough brown people,
then everything's going to work out.
And it's just, you know, that's a complete fantasy.
Not that he has to bring that up here necessarily,
but unless you can articulate a clearer alternate vision
than just like, we need to believe in each other,
I just don't know what there is to say.
Like, I don't know what you have to say that that's that valuable
if your ultimate feeling is just like,
if we just believe in being American hard enough,
we can really write this ship like,
no, there's some real poison in the veins right now
that I think we have to speak to a little more directly
than what he's doing here.
People from Montana so worried about illegals coming from Mexico.
Yeah, it's like a total psychopathy.
And the real culprit in all of this, in my opinion,
is of course the Disney executives
that he spent like a good two minutes there,
fileting despite them kicking him off the air
for making the mildest fucking joke of all time
about the Charlie Kirk situation.
So the real issue here, in my opinion,
is the person holding the puppet strings
and the money strings told him,
behave yourself and he's doing it.
And I, again, it's not that simple of a situation
because that's the situation most of us are in,
in some capacity, like, granted, he's so rich
he, at this point, he really could write off into the sunset.
It's not Jimmy Kimmel's job to be like
a revolutionary leader of America,
but I do find, I find the general tenor of that
to be a little less inspirational
than I think probably some people are feeling like it is.
But I'm glad that, you know, again,
Disney caved to what pressure there was, seemingly,
to bring him back, and it's crazy that this was even a thing.
The joke was against Trump, not Kirk.
Yeah, I mean, the thing conservatives are so enraged about.
Oh my gosh.
Not so clear.
Oh shit. Who's that walking over here?
That Kendall fucking Linus.
Yo, let me tell you about a girl in candle
got a vibe so wild, makes you raise your mouth.
This is a Chris scene, bi-size in this party.
Kendall Bus was inside of me.
At a dude popping out, he's popping off.
Say the wrong things.
She's behind me now.
And it's my son.
What?
What's her name?
What's her name?
What's her name?
Kendall.
Looking good.
Bus bus?
Bus bus?
How you doing?
How you doing?
It's okay.
Look great.
Thanks.
I put a mouse head on today.
Wow.
Was that fun?
No.
All right, bye.
That's Kendall.
Yes, case we know.
I don't want to just shit on Jimmy Kimmel.
Again, I don't really feel like he's in an easy position here.
I don't know exactly what I would say.
I would have already said so many things that would have.
I'm assuming pissed people off way more.
Given what they got mad about.
But anyway, the thing that conservatives are claiming to be mad about now is that he
misattributed this, the Tyler Robinson skies.
Ideology is like a Republican Pepe or whatever.
Even though he even did that in such a mild way.
And at the time he was speaking, that was like the popular operating theory was that he was like some kind of online
Gropor guy.
And at this point, they've just flipped and decided that he's like the ultimate leftist despite there being incredibly limited proof of that.
I guess the proof is that he had a
transpartner.
It's not even clear if that's...
I'm not even gonna fuck.
I'm so untrusting
of like the general narrative.
And I don't even mean that in the conspiratorial sense of like, he didn't do it. It's someone else.
I mean just the facts that have been released by the government.
About the Charlie Kirk shooting.
About the shooter himself.
They've been so confusingly delivered and are being used so politically that
I just don't know.
I don't think it's a valuable
exercise to try to figure out the exact
beliefs of Tyler Robinson at this point.
But the fake ass tweet.
Mm-hmm.
Um...
He had a trans Uber to kill him.
He had a trans Uber to kill him.
And he had a trans Uber to kill him.
He had a trans Uber driver once.
And that radicalized him.
Yeah. That experience.
Because they were great. They had like the free candy in there
and water bottles and a little mini fridge.
That would radicalize anyone.
At that point.
Whatever group drove you, you're on their side now.
Yeah, that's how America works.
It's a cool place.
Anyway.
Uh...
When's the last time Crumb interrupted Jeff Ripple?
Does he know
that he's alive?
It's a very fair question.
And I'm not sure.
Jeff?
I wasn't even sure that he was dead.
I keep the stuff that goes on in the other studios in this building
out of my brain.
Because
frankly,
everyone who works here is
I think psychotic.
Oh, yeah. I mean, that's definitely
a good thing.
I think that's a good thing.
Oh, yeah. I mean, that's definitely
that's definitely true.
I'm trying to see if I can get Crumb on the line.
Although I guess we'll go down to Munchin Crumb
after this and then we'll try a new segment.
And then we have to do amongst the web.
And then I think I probably have to call it because I started
a bit late today.
Anyway,
I don't know.
I feel like I'm maybe being more negative than I need to be
about what Jimmy Kimmel said.
Given that on the whole, it's like
he's saying fairly
I guess the problem is it feels kind of benign
like benign things to me.
But given that he was literally kicked off the air
for saying something so incredibly benign,
I can see
I can see how this feels
now transgressive, I guess to some people,
given the shifting
state of what's
allowed.
But then at the same time, everything online
is such a fucking free for all
that you can kind of say
anything
in other forms of popular media.
They're just not on legacy TV.
So it's weird.
We're in like a weird
media landscape
possibly transitionary period
or maybe this is just, it's all insane now.
Maybe it's always been insane.
I mean, mass media has always been a little insane.
But right now there's
some extra insane dimensions to it.
What about a conspiracy?
Do we have a conspiracy too?
I want to request on the Sunday stream
that I do want to
do.
But I have to go back through and see what they were
because
there's just so many alerts that I got
from the way I was running that stream
that I kind of can't tell which segments were requested.
Hmm.
Okay.
Don't we need an
a Ouija Ouija board for Crumb?
Unfortunately or fortunately
depending on how you feel
Crumb was resurrected from the dead
on Sunday.
And I know that sounds crazy but
technically there's a Twitch VOD and a YouTube VOD
to prove it.
Can I just say, oh my god, Crumb, what's going on with you?
Uh...
Uh-oh.
Am I fading already?
Am I fading back into the distance?
Uh...
There we go.
Okay, I'm feeling
I'm feeling slightly more alive already.
Uh-uh-uh-uhm.
Is this thing on?
Am I back?
Can anyone just clarify what dated is?
Because um...
I went home
and my wife,
Ballulia
seems to have been living with her.
She's taking French classes online
and somehow
I guess she started taking them in person because
it felt like her French instructor had been there for
a couple months
and she was weird because I'd just seen her
that morning.
Uh, it's September.
That just can't be.
That can't
that can't be right.
If you want it straight, Crumb,
your head got exploded by a gorilla punch
and I think you went to hell for most of the summer.
Yeah,
that seems to be what happened.
Just if you want a second opinion.
But that's so stupid that
there's no way that that's
what happened, so
I didn't die. I'm right here.
My body hair is growing back already.
No, you're all being crazy.
I think you're all
the ones being crazy.
So I'm gonna
just
I'm just gonna go do my job. How about that?
How about I just go do my job?
At some point though, you're probably gonna have to come to terms with the fact that you died and went to hell.
Well, but I don't have any memory of that, so
maybe you're just protecting yourself?
I'm just gonna go do my job.
Maybe you're just protecting yourself?
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Ah, that's cute.
Mr. President, any thoughts on this?
Listen up, Jack.
Biggs of 91, just Mama Jam,
300 shiny tasty coins
and I've been dying to say this.
Do you have any idea how much I want to fuck up all of you?
I'm gonna take a woman in front of my son
dying because that woman's son is an initial monster.
But I didn't because I have self-respect.
Damn it.
Crumb, somehow you leveled
everyone up.
There might be some slight technical issues today.
What happened?
Well, the stream was set up.
There's all sorts of new auto effects
for the RPG stream.
So somehow everybody just leveled up.
Hmm, I see.
Congratulations, Chat.
Yeah, I got real loud for a sec.
This also feels like all my audio is
really turned up today.
It kind of looked like the pole wasn't working.
I think the pole was technically working.
Kendall, tell us the mean things
case set up about only murders in the building.
Yeah, what did I even say?
It was mostly...
It wasn't even the premise
of the show.
It was
most the production slash Selena Gomez.
He said a lot about Selena Gomez.
About her acting.
Oh, her acting, that was it.
But like, he couldn't get past it.
You know?
That's true. To enjoy the show.
Her acting was throwing me off a little bit.
Yeah.
Which maybe she's good,
and I'm just being... I can't remember.
I might have just been judgmental.
Wait,
what RPG? Expedition 33?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm talking about Expedition 33.
You guys just leveled up in that.
Well, I'm sorry. I do apologize.
It's okay. It's Selena Gomez. I bet you're good.
She's probably a bad person.
One time, Kendall watched
the Apple Selena Gomez
documentary, and it did make me dislike her
a little bit.
Yeah.
But I think she's like a bad person,
not in a sense that she like plays the victim
or is manipulative.
I think she's like
a bad person in a sense that
she probably is secretly
not racist,
but prejudice, and
pretends she
likes everyone.
When I think really she
thinks she's better
than everybody, and things don't apply
to her because she's pretty and rich.
That's how I think she actually
works. I will say that is technically
meaner than what I said, which is that she's a bad actor.
What Kendall just said
was a little more brutal.
Can you be a good person
if you're engaged
to Benny Blanco?
I don't know much about Benny Blanco,
but I do know he showed up on that show Dave.
Back when I still watched that show Dave
with Lil Dickie,
and the vibes were very unsavory to me.
Granted that's a show.
Yeah, I just don't like it.
But I was like, what is this?
He's like, I don't know if Filipino is way too much.
In like an actual racist way.
That sounds like, that
squares for me.
He's not attractive, yeah, that's something.
And also one time Selena Gomez was playing Scrabble,
and she posted a picture
of it on her story.
And on her side of Scrabble,
like she was the, wait, is it Scrabble?
Or no, I think it's BananaGrams.
I think she was playing BananaGrams.
Okay.
And on her BananaGram
she had
a three letter word,
but she hearted it out with like
a heart emoji.
But we could tell the top word was,
the top letter was an F,
and the bottom letter was a G.
And she hearted it out,
but not enough.
You're gonna cover up your slurs.
Why don't you just go all the way?
I don't just like cover it up, you know what I mean?
Yeah.
Big.
Yeah, so I'm like, ever since then
and the Benny Blanco stuff, I'm like,
I don't like her, but I like
only burgers in the building.
What the fuck?
Benny Blanco, this is completely slander,
because I know nothing about him.
But he has the vibe of like,
there's a certain breed of guy
that's kind of the worst type of guy,
where they're like,
they're at a party and they were like
touching a girl too much,
and they were like, stop.
They'd be like, oh, come on, we're just relaxing.
We're just chilling.
He's got that vibe to me.
Okay, sorry, we're just being chill.
But he's doing something creepy.
Do you know what vibe he gives me?
He says the F slur
and goes, I'm just joking.
That's the same vibe.
He's got the vibe of that, plus maybe he would be
make people uncomfortable with how
physically he is with them.
That's the vibe he gives.
He didn't do any of that.
That's the vibe. I have no idea.
Although that's his definite vibe
with Filipinos specifically.
Have you seen him?
I just took over the stream.
Have you seen him?
Review Jolly Bee?
No.
That's like microaggression racism.
We don't do those.
Those aren't a thing.
We do macroaggressions now, Kendall.
We can't even bother with the micro ones.
Yeah, and sometimes they're not even micro.
Do you know what?
Someone like tastes cultural food
and then they just go,
and I'm like, oh, okay.
It's just spaghetti, sir.
It's just sweet spaghetti.
Who put fucking sugar on my spaghetti?
Who put fucking sugar on my spaghetti?
Who put fucking sugar on my spaghetti?
You're a weird Asian guy.
Oh my God.
Anyway, that's my lore dump for today.
Bye.
Bye.
I like Benny Blanco.
Why?
Because he wrote that one song.
Abiza.
I don't think he wrote the Abiza song.
He wrote that one song, My Girl.
Like from 30, 40 years ago.
My girl, my girl.
No, he's...
I don't even think he was alive.
He wrote Eminem's music?
No.
He wrote that song, Fug.
I'm a fug.
No, I don't think that's a song.
I'm a fan is my point.
You can't name one of his songs and you think he wrote
an incredibly broad variety of music
spanning from like 50s crooners
to Eminem's raps.
Yeah, he's talented is my point.
It's not a takeover unless you talk about K-pop
or Love's Rap.
Well, anyway, are you done
attacking people for defending free speech?
Yes, yes I am.
Hey, I do wish Jimmy Kimmel
all the best.
Take it from Carl Malone.
He's an OG.
What are you trying to say there?
Nothing.
I do actually wish... I don't know.
I guess I'm on the whole I'm glad that he got a showback.
Though I do think all of these...
I do think all of these...
I do think all of these...
I do think all of these
late night hosts are going to
they're going to need to transition
in the next 5-ish years.
But maybe I'm wrong. Maybe cable will just
limp along forever. Maybe in 100 years
there will just still be...
I guess he's not even cable. He's on network TV.
But is anybody watching
late night shows on streaming?
Does anybody sign into like...
What is this even on? ABC?
Like in a Disney Plus to watch Jimmy Kimmel
or whatever?
Because technically
that could still be a thing
but I just can't imagine clicking on like...
I don't even know if I would click on like the Conan O'Brien
show. Maybe I probably would.
I just don't know if most people would
if it was on like Hulu
or whatever. It just feels like somehow
that format needs to be slotted
into a schedule that you can't escape.
Otherwise people just won't watch it
casually.
I don't know.
You don't watch terrestrial TV anymore with the exception of SNL.
SNL like it's sea surviving
in a streaming ecosystem for some reason.
Like sketch comedy seems
cordoned off enough that it's like...
I guess it's just too close to podcast.
The media
VIN diagram
like you have shows that are like produced
and those you will sit down and watch on Netflix
and then you and
reality TV shows are in there too.
And you have like podcasts that you expect
to be on YouTube and in your ears.
And I think
late night shows currently exist too much
in the podcast space.
So nobody would feel like going to like
HBO Max or Netflix or whatever for them.
But you would watch
a travel show with Conan.
They tried to figure it out a while ago
like David Letterman did this more plus
interview show where there was like a big audience
and it had like cool vibes and there was
like these interspersed documentary moments.
And that didn't really work for me
either.
But I don't know.
Kendall's back.
Benny Blanco
in...
I don't know if it was COVID or post COVID
one of those times. Posted a video
on TikTok of a little
kid. It could have been his son, his nephew
I don't know.
Of that kid completely
butt naked.
And in that video
the kid was like I'm touching my
pee pee. And he posted on TikTok.
And then he refused to take it down.
That sounds kind of bad.
Sorry I just had to put that in there.
So can you be a good person
if you're engaged to Benny?
We're
Benny Blanco haters here now.
He might come on the stream.
You know of all the celebrities who
might be willing to come on a stream like this?
Do you feel like Benny Blanco might be willing to?
I even need more viewers.
But I mean, I'm not going to be a big fan of Benny Blanco.
I'm not going to be a big fan of Benny Blanco.
I even need more viewers.
But I mean the aesthetic, unfortunately
I could see him being down for it. And I don't know what that says about this stream.
Apparently nothing good.
Damn it.
Okay, well look, that's
again all the best to Jimmy Kimmel.
I'm glad he's back. I don't know why I feel slightly guilty for
like, I think because he's
a comedian who was legitimately
taking off the air for a ridiculous reason.
I feel bad just like shitting on him
trying to say his piece about it.
But there are just elements about it that I'm like
ah, come on Jimmy.
We can be a little meaner than that.
You're a bad person.
Sure. That's also fair.
Let's set it down to Munch and Crumb though.
And then we got a new segment to try.
And we have to go amongst the web.
So there's a lot to get done.
But for now,
Crumb is back apparently.
It's time for Munch and Crumb.
What is happening?
What is happening?
Crumb, you're back and you immediately break everything
with your bad attitude.
Your weird hell amnesia.
Spent all my time
saving your stupid ass.
You're back and you already forgot what the fuck even happened.
How is that even possible?
Welcome back to the most useless guy on the planet.
Better without you.
You were better when you were fucking dead.
It's Crumb.
It's fucking Jeff. Jeff, what are you doing?
Crumb said he had to use the bathroom.
He said, where this? It'll bother Munch.
He was just right here.
He's doing this again?
I'm back.
Oh my God.
You've been gone for that long.
And this is what you do.
I just again, everybody's,
I am not falling for another prank.
Okay?
Nobody's going to trick me.
It's very elaborate the way
that you've created
a footprint of a whole summer of news
and every date I've checked
and the internet and
my phone and everything
points to it having been several months
since I can remember
everything or anything.
But I feel like this is a trick.
Just accept that you died.
Where's my...
Why am I like, why is this like this?
Oh, there we go.
Here's your back.
You're immediately concerned about the overlay?
Well, that's one of the things I do here
is I handle the overlay.
I handle the overlays
focusing on what I can focus on.
You died, you went to hell.
I went to all the trouble to save you.
You don't even remember. You were down there fucking trains
openly praising the devil?
No, that doesn't, that just doesn't sound like
when you say stuff like that
I just don't believe that I died.
I had to beat the devil in debates
at least five times, I think.
And I beat him every time.
Not to save you, but because everyone
was accusing me
the most honest man on the planet
one of the most decent men
ever to be incredibly
more than decent and actually perfect
of killing you
as if I would waste my time.
You threaten to kill me every day.
You threaten to kill, you tried to kill me
actively with a gorilla.
But there's no way that would work.
So I do still, I can't get the chance
to kill you, but I do still
I do still, I can't get the taste of
like how a fire smells out of my mouth.
And I want to know how you did that.
How did you do that? I didn't do that.
You were in fucking hell.
I'm surprised it doesn't taste like fucking train loop
because you married a train.
What does that even, that's great.
What does that even mean? I don't know.
You're the one who did it. You should be able to explain these things to me.
You pierced the veil
and you came back with fucking nothing.
That's incredible. How did you even manage that?
Munch killed me.
But I'm alive again.
I'd never, you got killed by a gorilla
that you bet yourself.
None of this is ringing a bell?
Well, the gorilla part.
But you know, he was an animatronic
gorilla, so how would he have punched me?
If that's your logic, then how did you
bet him $300,000?
He did threaten me a lot
to get the money back.
A lot of this isn't adding up.
The last thing I remember is
bravely
asking for forgiveness
in the face of danger. You mean begging the gorilla
and me to let you live?
Pathetically?
Bravely in a blight for death situation
standing up for what I believed in
is the last thing I remember.
Then
kind of an impossibly, somehow
both dark and bright light
that was like an agony so searing
that it was also like a release
and it was timeless
and then I was, you know,
finishing my sentence
and I'm stronger than I used to be.
I keep pulling doors off
of their hinges
and I have not been hitting the gym
so not sure what that's about.
Hmm. You're a ticking time bomb.
I'm gonna have to send you back to hell
just so people are safe.
My penis is hairless.
Completely hairless.
And it was the size of a baby's
for
about 48 hours.
But it's returned
to normal.
It was seemingly the baby,
the penis I had as a baby.
What?
How would you even know that? I just mean it was tiny
and the testicles
were a level of
lifted that I've never experienced in my memory.
And
but then over the course of 48 hours it returned to normal
which is, you know,
big but
unpleasant.
It's how I would describe my penis.
I'll admit it. It's an ugly, it's an ugly horse.
What are we debating today?
Look, we need to focus on what we can control here, Crump.
And that is me crushing you into the dirt.
Also, my points.
First of all, where are my points?
They're there.
Where are my points?
Is my point. You bet, you said
you gave me all your points
so that you would live.
And then you killed yourself.
I do remember that.
I remember saying, I made a deal with you
to not get punched by a gorilla.
And then, and for that I gave you all my points.
Which is ridiculous that you agreed to that
and cruel.
But apparently I did get punched by the gorilla
so I think I'd get the points back.
So you admit that you got killed by a gorilla
and you went to hell.
I don't. I do refuse to accept that.
So then the deal was fair.
And the points are mine.
The points get given back.
Everyone is agreeing that the points should get
given back.
I don't agree.
By your own admission, you weren't killed by a gorilla.
So until you can accept that,
I don't see any reason that I should give your points back.
And also I didn't do it. The gorilla did it.
He violated the deal. If anything, the gorilla
was you points. Or he owes me all that money
that I for some reason just set on fire.
Paying him back only for him to murder you.
Something that he was clearly bad at.
I would have done a much better job. That's the thing.
If I had killed you, you would be dead currently.
Gorilla kills you all of a sudden.
You're fucking back after a couple months.
Like you just had a fucking
weird summer in Spain
or some shit.
Spain.
Beyblade combat? Are you afraid?
You're afraid of me?
In the realm of Beyblade?
Do you have the stones?
For that kind of action?
For me to get
all of your points? How about that?
No, you just get your points back, Max.
Okay, I agree.
Alright.
We did the belly dancing class.
And since then,
we've really let this sub goal
tick up. So,
not today
because the situation with all these overlays
is insane right now.
But on Friday, we will create a new goal
for a Beyblade battle.
Also,
we lost the Beyblades. You lost the Beyblade?
Apparently, K's lost him in a move.
So, he's got to order new ones.
It's the main reason we can't just do it immediately.
What do Munch and Crome redeem their points for?
Everything.
With nothing.
I will admit it's basically just a
marker of
well, it's just sort of a nice reminder
that you're insane
and that I was, that I,
despite you starting this with an insane
cult of personality
several years ago at this point,
I crawled my way up.
I crawled back
like I was crawling out of an
impossible abyss that there should be
no escape from.
And I bested you and I had more points
than you and that's undeniable.
I deny it. I have, look how many more points
than you have.
Look how long
I've been ahead of you.
But you gave, I gave you the only reason
to say I gave you all my points.
What's really brave here? I ask you this.
To, to like a coward
demand Beyblade combat to get points
you didn't earn, you didn't earn their points.
I gave you the points. Points you didn't, you gave them to me
so you didn't earn these. They're mine now.
And you want to Beyblade your way back
to the top instead of debating your way
back to the top.
Mr. Abyss Climber
fucking Dark Souls 1
lower crumb.
I do want to Beyblade for it so
I'm not falling for whatever you're trying to do right now.
Enough points for Slinky. There is a prize pool
for the points. What?
Yeah, there's like a doctor's style, like a dentist style
prize
drawer.
But I have the key.
Why wasn't I made aware of this? What types of prizes?
There's like the little sticky guy that'll
slide down a wall. Oh, what?
That's uh
50 points. 50?
And there is a Nintendo Wii
for some reason
like the old, you know, couple generations ago
Wii and that's a thousand points.
Work with that she's years away.
By then the Wii will be so outdated.
It already is.
But it's available.
It's in the drawer. What?
Could I have it now? You have nine points.
Or what can nine points get me?
A single
off-brand Pog chip. I'll take it.
No.
You have to settle this stuff with the Beyblade first
before you start turning in your points for Pogs
off-brand Pogs. They're called Logs.
Like, L-O-G-S? No.
Technically all Pogs are off-brand. That's a very good point, Card King.
And as usual, you don't know what you're talking about.
I'm doubting that this drawer even exists.
I'd turn in my nine points just to prove that you're lying.
They exist and you haven't earned them.
And it's actually ten points. It's a minimum of ten points.
For any of the prizes.
So, that is how you spell it, Boulevard Trask Good guess.
Logs? L-A-G? Like a...
Logonetus?
Can you stop skin walking
instantly after coming back?
I just have itchy eyebrows.
It's the only hair I have right now.
Cut me a break.
Body is growing back slowly.
And it's itchy.
I feel like shitting my skin like a snake sometimes.
What happened to me?
I'm not sure.
What happened to me?
What happened to me, Munch?
What happened to me? Stop it.
Can you just...
Yeah, can we debate some...
There's probably a debate that was requested.
At some point, I can't remember what it was.
What am I supposed to remember?
Every little thing that happens on this?
Craziness.
Go to hell, get nothing for it.
Just get your enemy back. That's my life.
And now I can't even find
whatever the last debate requested was.
I could show you the footage.
You want to see the footage of you exploding?
There's no time.
We need to debate and we gotta move...
This segmentation is supposed to be the whole show.
But it is the whole show.
The whole damn show.
Right here. Mr. The Whole Show.
Yeah, I literally saved you from hell
and you immediately were like,
Gimme points. I am calm.
Well, I'm Munch.
And I don't want to do that.
I'm Munch.
You didn't have your points.
I've been doing that a lot lately.
I can't do voices anymore.
What the fuck was that?
Well, it feels like there's something trying to crawl out of me at all times lately.
Like there's bugs in me.
But there's none.
I went to a doctor.
I feel like a part of me exists somewhere else.
That part of me is trying to escape.
You should be able to relate.
You have all sorts of alter egos rattling around in there, right?
Nope. Cockered them all easily.
Now it's just me in here.
For peace.
Mentally as sound as possible.
Crumb has nine points.
He's a dead man.
I agree.
If I was really dead,
he should be worth at least 1.5.
At least say double.
What is wrong with you?
Let's just debate this. Did Crumb...
Did Crumb...
What's something bad you could have done in hell?
Did Crumb have sex with...
hmm...
Hitler in hell?
What? I know.
No.
Well, I think that's a decent debate, right?
You guys think Crumb had sex with Hitler in hell?
I do.
Everybody, if hell exists,
and as a Christian obviously I believe it does,
there's so many people in hell.
What are the chances I would even run into Hitler?
There'd be beyond billions of souls in there.
There'd be beyond billions of souls in there.
In fact, if multi-dimensions are real,
who knows? There'd be infinite souls in hell.
And you expect me to...
Well, look. Fine.
That's so stupid. I'm glad to trounce your dumbass.
Because I was in hell and be I would in the ever.
Make love to Hitler.
I said have sex.
That's even worse.
Making love to... that's where your head went?
No way Hitler would associate with Crumb.
Yeah, because I'm too pure.
If you can make this debate, very simple.
I think you did have sex with Hitler in hell.
And...
You should accept that
and just agree with me.
And then we can just call it a day and go.
I'll go get a sandwich and you can go eat all alone
like you always do. You literally eat alone.
I've never seen you eat with someone.
I do not believe that you have friends.
Coach McGurk was here just a little while ago.
Who the fuck is Coach McGurk?
What are you even talking about?
Look, I think...
In all likelihood, based on you achieving
a surprising level of status in hell
I'm assuming transportation is a pretty big deal
because like you said
it's an immortal realm full of all sorts of fucking people
you gotta get from point A to point B
probably all the time.
You gotta bowel entanglement scheduled at 6
you gotta go get your fucking legs
put into your eyes
or whatever it to.
You're gonna need a public transit system for that to happen.
And you were in charge of that.
I don't know how you manage that
but you were in charge of somehow hell transit.
Really?
Because I always thought I'd make a pretty good
secretary of transportation.
I mean bootage edge
is doing a fantastic job
but I think if I got shut the fuck
that's not the point.
The point is I think probably because you were mingling
with the upper echelons of hell
you probably all over Hitler's social crew
you're probably like top 5 on hell my space or whatever.
I think it's extremely like
and given that apparently everyone in hell straight up fucking all the time.
They are?
Based on what you were saying
like a lot of sex in hell
I mean probably not good
like it was weird.
Wait what do you mean it was weird?
What happens in hell stays in hell?
Well clearly I can't remember any of it.
What kind of sex are we talking about?
Well look
all of my teams are talking too much.
I would never have sex with Hitler.
I wouldn't, I didn't
I didn't die.
I'm right here.
I can't have sex with Hitler.
Honestly I'm not attracted to mustaches of that size.
If I was going to have sex with a man I'd want him to have a brawny mustache.
Like a really thick Yosemite
style mustache.
If I'm even going to consider it.
You want to fuck Yosemite Sam?
More than Hitler.
Funnel web that's between us.
You weren't invited to the hell orgy that I had.
You had an orgy already in hell.
Just a little bit of one.
It was mostly heavy kissing.
All of this is so all of this is so stupid.
It didn't happen.
It did not happen and
whatever I'm not even
it's fine if I was really dead
then people would have definitely given me a win
because they would have missed me.
So they would have given me a win.
You were dead and nobody cared.
But they did give me a win.
Boom!
Yes!
Oh God it is good for this to be against
the you that can really feel it again.
You died.
You straight up died.
This is your first show back.
And I'm looking to beat you so easily.
Everybody thinks you fucked Hitler.
Munchkirch.
You know the real lesson if I was dead
as you claim
is that you could not make it
even a few months
without defying the laws
of all that is holy
to resurrect me.
You literally moved
not just mountains but realities
just to be in my presence again Munchk.
No.
I had a lot of detectives breathing down my neck.
If it was months ago
why were you still on the air if I
openly died?
Well they weren't that worried because it was you.
They were like well there's a statue
of limitations on Krom where
we don't really have to care
ever.
That's what the detective said. I was surprised too.
They were like look we want to be clear with you.
It seems like you did this but we don't
care very much.
So if you can just figure it out in the next couple of years
then you're off.
And I did.
I wasn't that worried about it.
It wasn't that big of a deal for me.
If what you're saying is true
you resurrected me from hell
that David guy is still on tour isn't he?
I don't want to debate that.
Well there wouldn't be a debate would it?
Who's David? You know that's not
even...
Don't ask that. Is his music good?
Who is he?
Nope.
No.
Can you tell me why the debate I had scheduled
for September is
he's not returning my calls.
I was supposed to debate a major Republican influencer.
And just next week...
No, that's not...
Krom?
You're on a news show technically.
Look at the fucking news.
It was a big event.
It was at a college and everything.
What am I saying?
Can you just explain it? No!
I cannot.
I'm not going to get recorded explaining that to you.
Just keep saying things until maybe someone
makes you get off the air again.
And then it's a win for everybody.
I didn't see him down there. She who?
Down in Pennsylvania?
That's where it's supposed to be.
You know what? That's where I said it.
I flew down to Pennsylvania to shut up.
We got all the time we had. We got to go.
What an untrigh-up but return.
Jesus.
It's supposed to be back in the swing of things.
You can't even get your fucking reality straight.
Now you're going to kill the show
with your fucking craziness.
This is all your fault.
And that's what I want to leave you all with.
We'll see you soon. Bye-bye.
Guys, there was a town hall request
a while ago
that I was unable to meet at the time.
Which reminded me that there was a fully broken
segment on the screen
that I had no choice but to fix.
It was several weeks ago.
But we're back.
We're back in the town hall
with our live studio audience
as you can hear absolutely losing their minds
because they get to ask the questions.
You can ask the questions
by typing
exclamation point
T followed by an H.
There was supposed to be a graphic on stream.
But we forgot.
But exclamation point T H followed by your question
or comment
will put you in line
to ask your very own question
here at the bin town hall.
Now in the future
you'll be able to request
whatever our guests are for the
for the day if you
ask for this segment.
But because you have no idea what the segment is
and why should you
we just scheduled to guest today.
Coming in all the way from I'm assuming Texas
or I guess he lives in LA now
it's chat.
That's right. I'm here at the town halls
and ready to answer all
of your questions.
Pull no punches with me because I'm
so ready to answer.
That's great chat. Pleasure to be
of of here.
Hi.
Oh really.
Also
because
I'm short notice.
I don't know where they're from probably like
the LA suburbs
it's Darfus.
That's right. I'm well not
actually from Arizona.
What's that?
And thanks for giving it up for me everybody.
It's me your favorite
your favorite Darfus.
Yes. Okay.
Well let's get into it.
Are there rules to this?
What is this?
The town halls.
People ask questions and you're both
supposed to give answers.
And what does one of us win?
How does this...
I guess we could have set up something like that.
We already have a debate show.
This is more of an open forum.
Maybe we'll eventually do a breakdown
with a post or something to see.
There's a lot happening already.
Jack.
I'm a jam 300 shiny tasty coins
and I've been dying to say this.
I'm a bad man
I never played.
You know except for the one we finally beat Medicare Ex
but everything turned out okay right?
Dodge
D.
It sure did turn out alright Mr. President.
Give it up for the President everybody.
He did his best.
He beat Medicare.
How did he do it?
How did he beat it?
He just did it.
Alright. Let's get into it.
questions submitted you can submit as many questions as you want. Exclamation point,
TH is how you do it. Let's see who's up first with a question.
This, this, this. Didn't quite work. Man, I don't really think that's a...
We were looking for an actual question.
I mean, well what do you mean by test, test, test?
Okay, and then she didn't really have one I guess. All right, never mind.
Let's just go with the next question. Who else has a question for us?
Bagruse. Okay, if we could just get a couple less questions that are related to
completely nonsensical two-word things, that would be fantastic. So next time we'll get to your
question if you have a different question. Like this. Sorry, like what? Like this. You like this?
Me too. I like what you put. I like your eye patch. I do also like your eye patch.
I didn't sense much of a question or even a comment there, but agreed? Well, what are you
agreeing with? I just generally agree like this. Yeah, like I get it like this. And I also get it.
Next question, please. When is Gizbo gonna fix the wall? Rats are still getting out and I
want to get something out of the refrigerator. When is Gizbo gonna fix...
When is Gizbo gonna fix the wall? Rats are still getting out and I want to get something out of the refrigerator.
Um, who is... Yeah, that's a great question. Who is Gizbo? I think they mean Gizbo.
That was our... That's one of the maintenance guys in the building. How come I haven't...
I don't know. I don't know. Is your... Look, my name is Marfis Darfis. That's your name.
My name is Marfis Darfis. I don't know that much about this stuff. So happy to answer any
questions about stuff that I like. It's like about me? And now... But I will say I think Tuesday.
Next Tuesday? Did you talk to him? No, I'm just like guessing. I'm just gonna say next...
And if you're listening Gizbo, then we're gonna hold you to that. So next Tuesday.
Does that answer your question? I can't really tell if that answered his question at all. But,
okay, whatever. Next question, please.
That is a really good question. And thank you for singing it. That is the Texas way. That's the Texas
way. You don't know that? It is. Yeah, no, both of you are correct. If you're gonna ask
question about Texas, it is polite to sing it. Um, no, it is onto itself, actually. Um,
it's a little too big of a deal just to be contained by one cardinal direction. Texas
is actually its own cardinal direction called Touth. It starts with a T for Texas. And we're part of the
Touth. It's not an alien thing. It's like a Texas thing. I'm gonna say it is part of the South,
because it's like part of the Southern United States. And I think that's how that works. I do think,
Darfus might be honest. Then you're both wrong. You are both wrong, but it is an excellent
question. And thank you so much for asking. Did you have another one? Oh, you... Nope.
Okay, sinking away. That's fine.
Is Arizona hot? You all can ask for the record. You all can ask right away when you stand up,
if you want. Now, I like the delay. Let's me kind of take the person in first.
Is Arizona hot? Yes. Not as hot as Texas. I don't know if that's true. I think it's plenty
hot in Arizona. It can get just as steamy. If anything, it's more arid. I used to have
a friend named Arid, actually. He was very funny. What? His name was Arid. He owned a bunch of spiders,
and he used to put them in people's cereal boxes, and you'd pour it your cereal, and there'd be a
big spider in there. And you'd say, Arid, got us. Arid, Aridophobia. Does that answer your question?
I guess it did. He's gone. Um, is I mean, Darfus, is that something you'd be into? No,
I'd really prefer not to be killed. And I will defend myself. I've actually got a lot of upper body
strength, and I have, like, kind of, I've been told I kind of have, like, what was the word?
Ribarded strength or something? Reparded strength? That's what they used to say. I hadn't
in high school. So don't mess with me, is my point. I'm a man of peace.
Just don't keep searching for the word. I was just asking. Yeah, I really don't, please don't finish.
Maybe we just move on. Well, that's a no from us. I think we could have just said no.
Just that that's a, oops. Are Peter and Grandman dead?
Are Peter and Grandman dead? It's probably more of a Munch question or a Dave question or a Gizbo question.
I'm going to assume Peter is dead because he had a, that's the stench of a corpse at all times,
and I don't think you can live that long looking like how he looked. And I don't know who either of
those people are. Okay, not even Grandman. Oh, I do know Grandman. Is he okay? I don't know. What?
Grandman. He's Grandman's a lot for sure. Nothing can kill Grandman that easily. So
maybe Peter's dead. I honestly, I don't know. Looks like we have another question there. Yes,
you there. Hello? Yes, anybody? That one's a little unsettling. If
are you okay, sir? Sir, I think they're a little shy today.
Well, he has got a mic, so we could hear him. Well, anyway, I'm actually a skintist, so
jokes on you. I'm one of the smartest. Skiantifically proven to be, I'm one of the guys that's
considered to be one of the smartest to ever be a guy. And I'm pretty dumb. So I, I guess I agree.
Next question, please. Who decided what praises Munch and Crump can redeem their points for?
Well, do you have an answer for that, Chet? Just if there's any questions about me,
mostly I know about myself. But are there prizes? Is that a thing, guys? Munch seems to have made a
prize drawer according to him. And is that open season? I would also like to get in on the prize
drawer if that's an option. I just, it's not me. I don't know. Okay, so it'd be nice if you
knew this kind of stuff because the people, he asked a very reasonable question and it'd be nice if we
could know. And also you are a very handsome man. If I, is that rude to say to comment on your appearance
right away? Oh, shoot. I scared him off. I did scare him off. And that is probably fair.
Can we go back in the wall to rescue Grandman?
Chet, I will go to the wall to rescue Grandman. Yes. And I don't get the question.
Chet, you're committing, please don't, please just don't commit to a date that you're going to do that.
Tomorrow. Okay, I'll go. Nope, nope, no. Okay, but I will go rescue Grandman in the wall.
That's the thing that I'm now committing to at some point.
Fantastic. And when I go, I'm going to have a bunch of special abilities that have a lot of effects
attached to them. Brand new ones. And I want a new stat. So to answer your question, that's how it's
going to be. Right? Should I, if they cut the interest rates one more time?
Is there any chance you could repeat that? Yeah, I didn't quite catch that.
What's a different guy? Should the Fed cut the interest rates one more time?
You stole that guy's question. What'd you do to the other guy? No, well, look,
you have the same question. He repeated it for us. It's a little racist that you,
I don't know what race that blonde guy was, but I guess I could have read the text next to you.
Personally, I think interest shouldn't be rated because it's more of a vibe. I agree 100% with
Morph, Morphus, Morphan Ranger, Marphus, Darfus. That's a very cool name. Thank you.
So we're not like enemies in this. We don't have to fight each other.
No, it's just a town hall. It's literally all this. Okay. Next question, I guess. Yes?
Legalize weed. Question or a statement?
Legalize weed. Okay, we're going a lot of it today. I think we did.
It is? I don't really like to do drugs. I am a little traditional in that sense.
I believe in a drug-free orgy. Okay. And I think weed's only good if it's in a protein powder.
But cannabis protein is very actually an incredible pre-workup.
You know, I'm not going to claim that they don't make cannabis protein, but
hopefully they don't make cannabis protein. Well, they do. They do. So you're wrong.
Bestial moment, chok.
Well, if I may say, thank you for the incredible question. You asked it so well, and I like a lady
with a deep voice. And I think you're really smart for asking that. Can we all smile at her
real quick? I tried to smile, but I think you're being odd. Bestial mama joke. Your mother was so
beautiful that she gave birth to an absolute angel. And I mean that inside and out, and I know we just
met, but I just respect your mother so much. That's your joke. It's not a joke. And the
jokes are offensive. And I've never told one. And thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you all.
Thank you. Your mom is so, your mother is so French.
She, I, do you know this guy? That's my brother. You know this guy, right? Yeah, that's Evan.
You actually know him? Yeah. That ass? That's Evan. He's an only martyrs in the building.
I know that. That's my friend. Is that your brother? Some people say we look like brothers.
You both have very similar faces. Anyway, your mom is so French that she meant to
take birth control, but she, but she had a kid. So I guess she bugged about it.
She didn't like it. Shoot. Shoot, shoot, shoot.
Uh, yes. And I am the Marshal of the Been Halloween Parade. Parade?
Isn't that a thing? We've never done that before, chat. But I think we probably should this year,
the Been Halloween Parade. Can you stop making big promises for segments that are tied to
specific dates that are only a month away? 4.29 was the rating for my, for Darfus's joke.
And because the Halloween parade I do would have gotten a 10. That's pretty good.
That would be, I think, a failing grade anywhere. Anyway, Been Halloween Parade, October
second? That's a good date. No, that's way too soon. Maybe chat. Maybe. I don't even know
what that means. Been Halloween Parade. Next, excellent question, but a next question, please.
We've got to keep moving here. Chat, what is your favorite part of skins and does it skins?
Chat, do you understand the question? Of course I understand the question. You are saying it
wrong. It's Skye-ance, but I don't want to be overly pedantic because skye, and typically
speaking, as long as you understand what a word means, it's skye and typically relevant to the
sentence that it exists in. And I think that answers your question because Skye's really applies to
everything, from both the words to the wind. And yes, I don't, and that seemed like a question
for him. So I agree and thank you for being a cute little fox. That's fun. Yes, you there. Next
question. I like your hair. Why is hate suck so nice to condemn? That's a really good
case. What's going on there? This is a town hall for you guys. I'm just the host, actually.
Okay. I think it's a good question case and you do seem like the one to, well, we could ask Kendall,
but nothing. I think something is going on to answer your very reasonable question.
And I also really liked, I'm sad earlier, I like a deep voice. And the way you whisper,
you remember whisper saw like whisper rap 2015 that she was popping off. I just, I was a huge fan.
And I like the way you talk. And I don't mean any disrespect by that. And I also think it was fun
how you were scary. Sometimes I like a little spooky trick. And that, and you did that for us.
And next question you there. Oh, it's her again. Okay, this time, don't ask test, test, test,
please. Chet should be like diggy and say you look so good. I'll suck on your that is the
did you guys get that? What? Wait, what? If I can just say I do also like your voice.
And I like your vibe and I do like what you're wearing. And I think it's cool. You asked test,
test, test. What did you ask? She said it's very simple. Chet, she said, Chet should be like
big and say you look so good. I'd suck your daddy's dick. So try that. Oh, hey, you look so good. I'd
suck. No, it doesn't feel right. Miss, I'd love to, I'd love to make your dreams come true.
But I don't, I don't do those types of, I don't do requests. I do
some set. Well, no, I do your fan, I do your, I do your fantasies. There you go. How's that?
No? Let's take one question from the other person that asked a dumb question or just anybody. Oh,
you again, goddamn. Nothing for us. This is a test. We're back to test. So I think that'll
probably do it for today. But great job, everyone. That's, Chet, you're free to go. Thank you
so much for all of your hard work. Look, I'm happy to be the first one to ever answer a question
correctly. And I did, I got 100% on this exam. And that means I've earned six months off and I'll
see you all in what's in six months, September 22nd. Okay, bye bye. So that's, that's two days
to go, Chet. And he's gone. And I also really thought I like the little fox. And I think test
is a good question because everything is a test because people are asking you stuff.
That was your goodbye? Oh, yep, I guess it was. Okay. Well, that's what this segment is. You can,
you'll be able to request it next time we do a stream here at the town hall. Thanks for hanging
out, everybody. And we'll try this again. Maybe we'll add a little between question music.
And maybe we'll make some kind of game out of it. I don't know. But now the town hall does work again.
So we'll see you all soon.
These legs keep your distance. I would never grab a crumble bottom. I would never
watch. I mean, I would never be rude. Okay. Or whatever you're doing. Say, look, you're in
trouble for what? What did I do? Look, you're in trouble, young man.
Where you're acting? Are you trying to hit on me? Oh, you send her into the wall.
I'll go in there. You think I ever been in a while before?
You used to back in then you moved to Seattle in 1992. What you'd have to live in a wall.
There's nothing for us back in the greatest generation they called us in 1992. How old are you?
I'm pretty old. If I was in my 30s and you know, because I don't look a day over 60.
They're saying, you didn't have all these fancy ragamuffins you kids have nowadays.
Back in 1996, you were lucky to get even a TV tuner. So you watch TV in bed.
How old are you? Old enough to know that's a rude question.
Okay. Well, look, what we do here, Grandma, crumble bottom is we watch
internet videos. Pass. Well, we're going to do it. So you don't have to watch them.
But you are here for some reason. I got lost. Is that an aging thing? No.
Been that way since I was 16 back in 1982. Now I can do the math. Well, I was at the
vibe I had in 1982 was 16. But that wasn't my age. Okay. You can submit
videos in the bin thread at the discord, the cream team discord in the bin thread.
And then and then within the bin thread amongst the web thread.
What? You got to find a better way to describe that. And yet I never have and I never will.
Okay, let's see what people have for us today. It's a video.
It can't superserve you don't game boy advanced. Oh, there's a gorilla over there. I didn't even see him.
Are you okay over there, young man? He's playing the tunes. You didn't even notice the gorilla?
Didn't see him till just now. That can happen. So we don't all age gracefully. Some of us age
into a truck and they get smushed up. It's a real meat grinder out there for the over 40 crowd over 40.
Maybe if you're under 40, you're like my age. Maybe I am young man. No, then you can't call me young man.
You're freaking me out in a good way. Let's just watch another one. See what else we got.
Damn bro, I can't fit. What fell off? What fell off? Oh, it was on the whole time.
Oh, it was in. Oh, oh. It used to happen back on dates. Anybody riding a ferris wheel?
Or a roller coaster turns upside down. Back in 2002, it was a huge hazard. Every time somebody
rode a roller coaster, any kids, you'd just hear the butt plugs raining down onto the fairground floor.
Try again or late. Kind of impressive that he was doing that trick. Kind of
as if he was doing that trick and his butt loosened enough for the butt plug to fall out.
I feel like doing a trick like that, you would clench. Not if you're experienced.
Guess you loosen up sometimes if you're stressed. If you've trained, then in stress,
you train yourself to loosen. Say that's the kind of thing I know how to do.
New sub goal. Let's just watch another one. What? What? It ate it?
I relate to sperm whales because I'm big and fill in the rest. You are pretty tall. Yeah.
taller than you little guy. I'm kind of tall. Not tall enough for me.
It's pretty gross looking. I think nature's beautiful, even when it's being vicious.
As long as something's going into a hole, I like it. I'm not going to interrogate that,
what you just said at all. I'm going to click on another video. I'm just going to try to get
through this today, grandma, because of the way you're being. Can't handle a little old school
action. We've all been there. I didn't want to chest one thing, guys. I'm going to
mutosaurus because I feel like I might be double. Everything is very loud. I guess I'm nuts.
Turn up. What are you doing? Click it on things. Give me a sec.
Okay. I guess everything's somehow turned way up. We're overly turnt today.
I'm going to turn down our game a little bit. It's turnt up a lot. Check, check, check.
Uh, check, check. Oh, check, check, check.
That's a check, check, check. Is this how you spend your time? I'm here to watch
crazy fucking videos. I want to see, I want to see splatter. What type of splatter? Any type.
I want to see things go. What's your god? We can't watch violent. I didn't say violent.
I said splatter. Well, we might run into that. We might run into that then at some point, but
we can't. Let's just see what this next one is. Actually feel the tip. Has it come through?
In slowly. That's too hard. Hang on. If I push back on the tip, I push back on the tip. Yeah,
I can feel you pushing back against me, but because of this big rubber plug is here,
I can't actually see where your hole is. Which hole is it? Is it the front one or the?
Just went in my eye. Oh no. Is it the front hole or is there another one at the back? No,
I need that hole because I need to stick that up from underneath. Yeah, well, does it have a,
it's got the big rubber over it already, right? Yeah, but can you, if I stick it all the way and
can you feel it or not? I can see it now that I'm bending back. No, but can you feel it? I can
with the tip. Yeah, okay. So now you should be able to jam that. So now can you feel that?
Oh, no, it's not quite lined up. Well, then you need to start pumping it with your hands a bit
until you can feel it come through. It's the entire cup. Oh, there it goes.
Oh, dude, where it went. Awesome. Did you feel that? Yep. Put that around the tip of it.
So good. Screw that on it. Might need some juice. I put some juice on it in advance.
There you go. That's not a dude. Is that on? Yeah, I'm not a, yep. Done. Yeah.
We're watching the whole thing. Can you actually feel the tip? Oh, that's it.
There's not any more of that. Is that one of your kinks? That's everybody's kink.
Two meaty guys, good with screwdrivers. Plugging away. I just imagine I was a car.
I think they might have been doing it. Honestly, though, we had a similar bit somebody
post the other day and I do think those guys were acting it a little bit better.
So I give their acting a 10. They were selling it. Or they're just very comfortable describing things
accurately. Why am I so horny? Well, not because of questions like that.
You know, you never know why the wind blows. You might ask why I did. I'm clicking on the next thing.
We are heading back to school and facing the world's hardest amazing digital circus and
poppy playtime quizzes. But first, we'll study by facing the amazing digital circus in real life
and watching exclusive leaked Garden of Panpan poppy playtime chapter seven videos. If we get all
of these questions right, we'll unlock a super amazing digital circus art video at the end. Let's go.
RE3 Koning Inc. What did you just show us? Are you trying to break my mind? Because I've seen
Dejaria types that'll fuck with your brain more than that. That's kid stuff. I think it is
literally kids stuff to your point. I got to look this channel up because in a different time I
would have thought that was a parody. But I think that's just the harsh reality of the current
media landscape bearing down on us. Let's give them even more exposure because they earned it with
those incredible graphics. Oh, they're on Instagram. That was an Instagram channel. Even better. I
got to go to Instagram to find this. Stop it. Stop it. You're killing my buzz. You're drunk. Always.
But I'm showboring up. If you're not careful and I get really horny when I'm sober. Oh, well,
okay. The smiling grinners. Maybe this is, maybe that is a bit. I think it is a bit. That makes
me feel a lot better if it is. The smiling grinners. Any of you hookers know how to bowl? Is it
just like brain rotty stuff? Or was it someone reposting a different thing? That was a very
zero worthy video. Unless what is it though? I need to know. Stop it. Not everything needs to be
interrogated. Like I have three arms. No. I can't. You can't find it. It does seem I can't find it.
Live and sleazy. If you know what the source of that is, I'm curious. Is there a new level of like,
because I've talked about before, that I was kind of fascinated when I discovered that there was
like a whole genre of YouTube just based around Spider-Man and Elsa kissing. And this feels like
it's three layers deeper than that. Is it troll nonsense? I just can't tell if this is like
a common style for kids content on YouTube. And I'd kind of like to know if that's the dark future. Oh,
here it is. I found the original. The original post from Reckoning Inc. But I guess it's just this video.
Facing the world's hardest amazing digital circus and poppy playtime quizzes. But first we'll study
by facing the amazing digital circus in real life and watching exclusively the garden of pan pan
poppy playtime chapter seven videos. If we get all of these questions right, we'll unlock a super
amazing digital circus art video at the end. Let's go. Hey, we are heading back to school and facing the world.
What is this? It's got to be a YouTube channel, right? It's posted, but it's I think this is a
repost from this like meme account. I think this might be a straight up YouTube channel.
And I need to find it. Why? I need to know. I'll do it on my own time. Don't. I'll do it on my own time.
And then I'll report back. Stop it. We'll find out. No, not for that reason. Click original audio.
I don't even know how to do that. It's not on TikTok, so I don't think I can do that.
Unless you can do that on Instagram now. Also, I'm not on the app. I'm on the fucking shitty
web client that all these social apps have. You're pretty invested in the mystery.
All right. I'm just going to type back to school amazing digital circus
poppy playtime. Anyone else obsessed with the huggy wuggy poppy's playtime? What?
I don't know what the fuck this is. There's a TikTok of it too.
We are heading back to school and facing the world's hardest. I mean,
tell me what the source of this is. You bastards. It's a YouTube show. Yeah,
I just need to find out what one this is a this is a new low.
I feel like we've discovered a new low and I need to be aware of the genre.
It's basically brainwrap. But this is like gross on a level that I'm
kind of legitimately impressed by. Oh God. I guess this is like a what? I can't find it.
But I guess there's a the digital circus I guess is a thing for kids.
There's something here with 31 million views that just is the amazing digital circus official
trailer. Like what the fuck is this? Welcome to the amazing digital circus. My name is Cain.
I'm your ringmaster and I'm here to show you the most jaw-dropping hard stuffing. This has 394 million
views. Welcome to the amazing digital circus. I've never heard of this. My name is Cain.
I'm your ringmaster and I'm here to show you the most jaw-dropping hard stuffing mind-bending
pervanalia you've ever I don't care about this as much. This makes some sense to my brain. It's some
kind of weird kids and or adult or I can't tell a thing. I'm more curious about what those other
two kids were doing. It's famous. I never heard. I mean I think I'm out of the age group. I think.
I don't know what it is. I'm only caring about these two guys with their horrible bus animation.
Thank you box world
Tcha. I figured it out for me, possibly today, we are we're seeing all
probably played on Yup 4 characters, you�
you in a
nice appointed 4K a new footage of Mr.crowd captain even doughy the little?
Okay, but that's just normal-ish.
Don't do my voice. That's just normal-ish.
I need to see more of these horrendous animations they make.
Look at the horror of their thumbnails though.
Goo Goo Gaga and their both babies.
Extreme Try Not to Cry Challenge impossible. We can go to their most popular videos.
What's their their most popular video?
Deleted Linky Box music video?
Suddenly Boss Baby shows up right there next to me says you want to be more free hop up in my time machine
Sat down in the box. He said crisscross apple sauce
I must show you how to find yourself when you feel lost these machines a little new hope you keep your fingers crossed
Now let's start you to a baby like me and be a boss
Goo Goo Gaga turn into a baby
Okay, I'm with my friends and together we go crazy
Into a time machine and now we have fun
This is probably closer to my rhymes than I'd like to admit
Open eyes, I'm a little baby hoping that I'm not going crazy
Everything seems different lately whole world starts to amaze me everything's brave. Well, I we gotta see the whole thing
Hey, hey, look it's all blue. Hey, I'm in such a good mood
Hey, this could be me in the ocean and I'm in the deep and baby sharks went up to me with all his
In a diaper
Little legs doing right being kind from a baby up to the end
Reaching for a snack. I look over and it's jack-jack. He said follow me. We're moving forward. Don't you ever look back?
Pull up in the sky. He said you already know
Life's a lot like me incredible
Do go go go turn into a baby
Friends and together we go crazy
Machine and now we have fun
I'm baby jack jack baby shark
Oh, I can do this. I am quit. That's a good choice. I quit this show. I resigned
There's the last you'll ever see of grandma crumble bottom
Grandma, I'm sorry. We had to watch all two minutes of that. It's only a minute 55 seconds
That is 23 million views. You think 23 million babies are it is for kids. Why?
Well, it's about babies kids like colors
That's unsettling I
Get the that kids would it's fine to make children's entertainment
But you have to do you have to do better than that. I think you have to I think it's your responsibility
Linky box world to do better than that and I think they should feel bad
It feels like fetish content
Some I think because of this adult
Ish it's like 20 year old at least I'm guessing 18 year old
Guys probably older. I just it's so unsettled the aesthetic is so unsettling
Yeah, it has a dark web. But it immediately like I said it immediately reminds me of the spider-man Elsa thing I
In the defense of the next generation while I wish they wouldn't watch that
Only 23 million of them did globally and also I don't even think they would know what they're watching
I think they just be like I am a baby
You think babies have the thought I'm a baby. Well, like if they're five or six
How young are or if they're three when do they give kids phones now right away?
Fresh out of the placenta. You don't come out of the placenta as a baby
They reach in the placenta and they pull out a phone
And they tape it to the kids hands
Anyway, that's definitely got views from baby tiktok. I'm assuming does it it's comments are turned off
Which is the thing on most children's videos
But I wouldn't want to know what the comments are anyway
We need to redo the cream chifer like that video, you know, everyone's saying that I could do it
I don't I'm pretty sure that's not a couple of it
That's a that's a that's one sub goal. I just don't think we can make
If I make baby wraps, they have to be better for kids than that I
Need to I need to study children's brains
That doesn't sound better. I need to I need a children's brain scientist. Tell me how we can fix them
What wraps can I make that will heal the next generation?
Peter and crumb baby wrap shumgle
If I were to if I was to earnestly try to make stuff for like babies, I would I would feel a responsibility
To not make that that's for sure. Okay, we need a palette cleanser
And this might not be it
We're gonna go till we hit a video that doesn't make us feel totally sick and then we'll stop
All right, here's that classic cheese burger you asked for oh, thank you, but I didn't want cheese
All right, I'll get that fix for you right now. I bet you thought I was gonna throw this cheese burger
But that's not the top of restaurant. We are
You know it's simple, but it was effective in my opinion
That's what we all needed right now in this moment is a slap
Yeah
That's why I say you got to hit people. Well, that's not what I'm saying, but it's what I'm saying sometimes
He's not people
And they'll thank you for it
Don't thank me
Just a little face bank. Thank you for the smorgasbord of
Options that we received today the bounty of chat a lot of high-scoring videos and then maybe I
Don't think I can prove this but one of the worst videos we've ever watched which was just me
In the fence of chat with me doing that to us
although live and sleazy understands
The things that will worm their way into my brain and
Credit to live and sleazy for finding that lanky box video and sending us we could keep going down this rabbit hole
But I'll spare you guys
But just just know you could be watching roblox k-pop demon hunters hide and seek
And that's just from you order their 22 million million view hit video games and roblox with zero budget
That could be you case. Oh, it wasn't sorry. I'm on stream remote
So I can't see everyone's name psych or apologies. You understand how my horrible brain works
Why haven't sleazy also does but in this case psych or was
Cycler was fishing deep into the YouTube hole and pulled out well the Instagram hole which then fished this deep into the YouTube hole
Oh, I gotta get this off my screen
That aesthetic does legitimately make my stomach feel like
It has a problem
So thank you psych or I pretty I anytime someone finds a
a new low for children's
YouTube content. I like to know about it and now I feel like we do I bet it gets even worse than that. Oh, yeah for sure
Okay
Someone who cares more about money can cut I mean God
You do need to hire like an animator maybe to make that maybe
Maybe but you could we could definitely make one of those and
less than an afternoon probably
Without minus the animation you can only make a wrap in like ten minutes
Tempting but I think I would rather
Be poisoned to death. Oh, we can make Fiona do it though. I would watch the other two
Yeah, I'm sure it gets lower, but that's pretty rough. That's pretty rough
Okay, I think we're gonna call it
Straight from the webs. We're leaving the stream from the webs
There's nothing you can do you can only exit the stream through the webs actually because we're in the webs you dare me to do it
dare me to drive
Let's raid Ovali. I'll be back on Friday and then um
Hopefully next week we'll be back to our usual streaming schedule. I
Really spent more time on that RPG than I
should
Have probably
So I had to take a little extra time this week to do other things, but next week I have no
Fully insane deadlines. I've set for myself. So we should be back to the relatively normal
goody-goody
So we'll see you Friday
For our regularly scheduled whatever this is
Say hi to Ovali for me
It's a oh fuck. I already forgot the name of that horrific YouTube channel
Lanky box
It's a lanky box raid be sure to type lanky box in chat in the hopes that
Ovali is also poisoned by having to know about that existing or maybe she already does
Maybe this is like the biggest children's entertainment group on the internet and I'm as
Usual woefully behind the times
Fill up her head with some of that baby rot slob
Yeah
Okay, thanks for hanging out everybody sorry for the late and slightly short stream, but we'll be back
Back in action on Friday and tomorrow if you're a member of the of the patreon then I'll be on there with Kassim
Until then see you later. Have a beautiful Wednesday. Bye. Bye everybody
Jesus I am serious. I quit
You're no one's making you be here. It's a court order actually we already have that gimmick