I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four.
Exploding right off the bat.
Oh, it's over here.
What are you? Oh, it's my water bottle.
Entering from another dimension.
We're in the middle of a hype train, I guess.
You never know what's happening until you do.
Whoa, hey, Pepito. Ready to work again?
One of these days, he's gonna run around and then run back to his producer desk and
tell them I still have my cousin, Jace here.
Those are so much music playing.
I don't know, Jace, that's how somebody set it up.
Wasn't it you? Maybe it was my dog.
Your dog. I thought it was Fiona's dog.
You get it.
No, I don't.
Someone told me the other day that they tried to watch my stream and they found it a little
too confusing.
I don't know what they mean.
It was me.
It was someone else too.
Well, they're right.
Well, it's too late.
Check in with Jake, please.
Jake, any thoughts?
Okay, that's why Jake's not producing.
Uh, you gotta give me something, Jake.
What am I supposed to be doing?
You're doing it.
Okay, we even find it confusing unless we watch it from the beginning.
What's not to get?
It's a news.
We're doing the news.
If you're just tuning in, that's why I make all these graphics so that it's
super clear what's going.
Look, I even have news headers.
That news.
You guys get it.
You guys get it.
For instance, there's a hype train going right now.
Hype train, are you doing, what are you doing?
You're still a train?
Can confirm I'm still a train and I'm still alive forever.
If you miss a stream, you're fucked.
That's just because you're behind on the news because I'm covering,
because I covered the news, right?
No, you're supposed to be covering the news.
Is that what goes on here?
Yeah.
Huh.
Is Pepito in the back?
Yeah, where are you keeping Pepito?
Pepito is in the back.
He's sprinting all around the place.
Doing whatever he does.
What does he do?
I sprint around the place.
Oh, okay.
He's got into the jolt cola, which I refuse to get rid of.
I've explained this to you before hype train.
This again, this is why people are confused.
Is Pepito friends with the cats?
I haven't let him into my home yet with the cats.
Is my cat camera working?
It's a great question.
And if it is, can we check in with the cats?
Let's see.
Oh no.
The cat's knocked over the camera again.
There's no checking in with them.
They're too smart.
The camera's clearly on the ground.
Oh wait, no, it's not.
You could only kind of see the cats right now,
because we put the cat camera in a bad spot, but
they've, one of them has moved on to sleeping on the orange,
on our little orange chair.
There they are.
If you zoom way in, if I could zoom in and enhance,
you could see that that's a cat on that chair.
The little thing on that orange chair is a cat.
Can I zoom in and enhance?
Zoom in and enhance please.
Full screen please.
Yeah, that's a cat right there.
That's for sure a cat.
Yeah, John Stewart wishes he had a cat cam.
Because no matter what he says, he's doing real news.
As far as I'm concerned, I don't make excuses that I do comedic news.
I hold myself to the highest of journalistic standards.
Oh.
What happened to my coloration?
What the hell is going on over here?
That's better.
That's better.
What was up with that?
I don't know.
Which cat is which cat?
The cat on the orange thing.
He died.
Pucci returned to his home planet.
I gotta thank some people because the hype train died before he could do it.
Or it, whatever it is.
Thank you Commander Geb for the 20, 27 months.
And to Daddy for the 29 months.
247 for the 27 months.
Reverie Wolf with the 29 months.
We really are almost at 30.
That's crazy, I'm assuming.
I guess.
29 months from Stormburn.
Thank you so much, BottleSpread.
Thank you for the community sub.
And Dilemma, thank you for the 29 months.
We also had some bits.
Woo, bits, yummy bits.
Big J Dub with the 140.
Skymer with the 100.
Big J Dub, reigning the bits upon me with the 100.
Apple to Apple with the 100.
And that's all the bits, Jase.
What are bits?
Read the handbook.
There's not a handbook?
You have to find it.
Part of your job to find it.
I will start looking.
You just told me this.
Okay.
All right.
Cool.
Well, I mean that seems about as good of an intro as usual.
Let's do some news.
Wow, hello everyone.
It's your favorite girl.
Is that interesting?
It's Liliana.
Okay.
Get to see Liliana.
Good to see everybody on the screens.
Oh, a little notification.
Tuesday stream.
Oh yes.
Case was too lazy yesterday.
No, I was trying to make money to keep this news operation afloat.
Oh, is that how you pay our voluminous salaries?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Saw those editing jobs they pay.
They pay heavy.
What are you editing?
Are you editing text out of certain WhatsApp conversations?
No, although I could probably make quite a bit of money for doing that.
Was case in the signal group chat?
Well, case.
I think that's what we're talking about.
So.
Fill us in.
Associated press news, breaking news, latest headlines and videos.
That's what's ahead of the headline, Liliana.
You have to read the story under that.
Oh boy, this site sucks.
What the hell?
This is unreadable.
One second, everyone.
My God.
Everything gets a little bit worse every day.
Um, but anyway, the Trump, we all know what happened.
The Trump administration accidentally texted a bunch of war plans.
And I don't, they have egg on their face.
I bet they feel so stupid.
No, they don't, they don't really, they don't seem to care at all,
actually, that they've been caught being really incompetent.
Because you know, it's, they're kind of, they're kind of grading on a curve.
And for them, they're just always at the top of their own curve.
Oh, it's a perfectly smooth curve to the top, I see.
Shame no longer exists.
That's right.
I forgot.
Well, I guess, despite the lack of shame, let's, even though everybody probably already knows,
let's see, let's go to the source here.
Let's go to the original article from the Atlantic.
From Jeffrey Goldberg.
From Jeffrey Goldberg.
Lock me up.
What did I do?
I don't know if they mean lock you up.
Her emails.
Oh, Hillary.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No, actually, this was probably her fault.
Oh, going way back to blaming Hillary.
I'm sure.
I mean, whatever, whatever gets you going.
Let's see.
Well, let's see.
Let's just skim this original article here.
What did Jeffrey have to say?
Because the thing is, I've heard they're not even leaking all the war plans.
I heard they're keeping some war plans back from us.
Yes.
Some people have already pointed this out, but
the fact Jeffrey Goldberg was in the mix to accidentally be added to a chat like this
could make you slightly suspicious of Jeffrey Goldberg as well.
Not that they leaked the plans.
They definitely did that.
I just mean, as a journalist,
I could maybe consider him being on a certain side,
maybe already a little bit of a apparatus of the state.
Wow.
Okay.
Just slanderizing actual journalists.
Reporters now say he might release the whole chat since they said it wasn't classified.
How classified is it if it's in a fucking group text that you accidentally added someone to?
It's just the fact that he wouldn't release the whole thing without their express permission is crazy to me.
I guess you could dox spies or something.
Maybe I'm being short-sighted, but I find it a little suspect.
Well, we don't have all the facts.
That is that surprising?
No, that's that's super unsurprising.
Well, for better, what the hell?
Oh, that's the
Wait a minute.
We need a we need a different picture than
the Snapchat update thing that I keep checking before the stream.
There we go.
This is a Trump leak picture, supposedly.
This is the this is the face he makes when leaks happen.
Oh, that's the Trump leak face.
What is he leaking today?
I don't even was he even on this group chat?
I'm not sure.
I know JD Vance was.
Well, he doesn't he's not a notorious reader, so maybe he's not a big text communicator.
He's a sports editor.
Jeffrey Goldberg.
Jeffrey Goldberg's a sports editor.
Has any covered various international news events in the past?
No.
Maybe I'm totally off base.
Maybe that's what that would not be surprising.
The world found out shortly before 2pm Eastern on March 15th that the United States was bombing
Houthi targets across Yemen.
I, however, knew two hours before the first bombs exploded that the attack might be coming.
The reason I knew is that Pete Hague, Seth, the Secretary of Defense, and again,
I'm reading in the first person, but this is Jeffrey Goldberg.
The reason I knew that is that Pete Hague, Seth, the Secretary of Defense,
and tattoo aficionado, he texted this guy, the war planner at 11.44am.
The plan included precise information about weapons, packages, targets, and timing.
Politics is sports.
Been always triple checks the facts.
Yeah, we do it live.
Sometimes we'll read up to three lines of a story.
Triple checking the story.
That's true.
I don't think Jeffrey Goldberg is a sports, but life in Sleazy is never wrong.
So I don't know.
Now I gotta look this up.
Jeffrey Goldberg.
What's, let's look up his CV.
What else is he written for the Atlantic?
He's writing about politics for sure, but some other things as well.
The playwright in the age of AI.
Oh boy.
What's he gotta say about that?
What's the thesis here?
Ayad Akhtar's brilliant new play McNeil currently at the Lincoln Center Theater is
transfixing in part because it tracks without flinching the disintegration of a celebrated writer.
And in part because Akhtar goes to a place the few writers have visited effectively.
What does this have to do with AI?
Maybe the play is about AI.
Look Robert Downey Jr. and these guys are in it.
How did we already get distracted?
He is not.
I have to include preposterous interludes to keep the news honest.
But I trust everything you say live in Sleazy.
Well that is on you case.
Yes.
He can't get mad, but he'd like to.
All right.
Anyway, so he talks about plays occasionally.
Sometimes he talks about AI.
But right now he's talking about how he got texted war plans.
Yeah, I want to see the actual texts.
Are the texts in this story?
Let's scroll for texts.
Texts.
Texts.
Can you not say that word?
Texts.
Texts.
No, it's price blocked.
Oh, but it's...
I can't read the whole thing.
Let's go to Twitter.
See, these are the facts that we find in real time for all of you.
Anytime I hear Goldberg, I think Adam Goldberg from Days in Confused,
the Goldbergs TV show.
Three.
Goldberg the wrestler.
I'm surprised Goldberg the wrestler is all the way down there.
Trump leaked texts.
Or maybe Higgs had leaked texts.
Where are they?
Oh, these are all jokes.
Wait a minute.
Is this real?
Is this a real photo I'm looking at right now?
Uh, who should you share war plans with?
Great question, Shad.
We can settle this once and for all.
Via the powers of democracy,
which we do happen to be losing every day,
pretty soon only case we'll be able to vote in this poll.
No, it's...
I'm keeping it honest.
Chad can all vote exactly once.
The most honest poll in the game.
Let's vote now.
Uh, the options are the Wolves,
Munch, Goldberg, Clementine and September.
I saw in the chat question the journalistic standards of Chad.
Never question the journalistic standards of Chad.
They're deserving of all the war information.
Looks like September's...
Oop, it's kind of a tie between Munch and September.
Oop, September's running away with it.
But we do need you to show a full ID before you vote.
So take your ID out
and jam it into your computer monitor, please.
You don't chat, you don't need to do that.
At least not here.
Well, okay.
Look at it go.
And it was a tie.
And now that means you have to include them both
on your next group chat about war plans.
Munch and September.
I'm a white male, can I vote twice?
That is the new law, you can.
It's not like back in the day
when we used to sort of divide people up into fractions
or actually multiplying white men by two,
which apparently is harmless.
Mmm, that sounds pretty harmful.
Well, we'll get to that story later.
For now, the Houthi PC small group is a text, JVJRMMM.
Excellent, a good start.
Michael Waltz, Fist America Fire,
good job, Pete and your team.
The team in Mall did a great job as well.
Great work, all powerful start.
Ba-ba-ba-am, was your triumphant music case?
This is American prestige at work.
The decision makers in the room that make the tough calls,
spending, who knows how long?
Two hours between text here from Michael Waltz, 236.
He was thinking about these emotes for over two hours,
trying to find the perfect emote.
And that's why I'm so proud to debatably be
a citizen of this country.
Debatably, it's sort of unclear at this point.
But for now I'll claim to be, and I'll claim to be proud.
Houthi Bealtomarical!
Because it took so long for him to think of which emotes to send?
I mean, he made a good...
Are there any more presidential emotes than Fist Flag Fire?
Wait, isn't that kind of risky?
He put fire right next to that flag.
Oh my god.
He's playing dangerously.
If that emote scooches just a couple millimeters to the left,
then I think he has to go to the Hague.
Hmm.
The three Fist Flag and Fire?
I have some extra Fs that I like to do too,
but those are three pretty good ones.
Uh, Fist the American Flag with Fire?
Yeah, what is this supposed to mean?
Fist?
Flag Fire.
Punch Flag.
Fire?
Eat Sleep Repeat?
Is this some kind of order of operations?
Punch a man, waver flag, set him on fire?
That sounds like the kind of thing they begin to, unfortunately.
One of the dude used the flexing bicep emoji,
which is a great choice.
Yeah, let's see if we can find more of these.
Don't let me down, Twitter.
I've searched.
I'm just gonna search leaked texts and see what comes up.
Oh, here's some more.
Okay, so there were some longer form discussions in here.
Oh, goodie.
I get to read more.
At Pete Hedgeseth, if you think we should do it, let's go.
I just hate bailing out Europe again.
Oh, this is coming from you.
You were on this group text.
I am again.
Not JD Vance.
He's, this is why they're making people present ID now
when they vote case,
because you're going to try to vote twice
by being both yourself and JD Vance.
Anyway, you case just hates bailing out Europe again.
Let's just make sure our messaging is tight here.
And if there are things we can do up front to minimise risk,
to Saudi oil facilities, we should do it.
That's so thoughtful of them.
I wonder why they're thinking about Saudi oil facilities
in this capacity.
Because I thought, you know, defending democracy and, uh,
and you know, our allies was sort of the main thrust here.
Well, I guess the Saudis are our allies, but
true placations are generally classified.
Sure.
I just, my argument would just be how classified is
anything once you've just, you know,
thrown a random guy on your group text.
A literal journalist.
Can case pretend to be JD Vance in the next election?
The movie Dave.
Is it Dave?
Yeah, I could be in the worst version.
I could be in the worst sequel ever, ever to the movie Dave,
where I have to be the body double of the vice president.
And just nobody cares.
They even realise that I'm not the guy.
And they're like, it doesn't matter.
It's the vice president.
But you could be president in that case.
I know, but weirdly it's still nobody cares what the vice president,
despite that.
There are actual plans in this chain.
And Vance says, what about optics?
And everyone else is just like thumbs up emoji.
Why can't, where can we find the actual text chain?
Atlantic leak text chain.
Surely one of these, surely some other website has
copypasted this other reporter's work.
So we can just actually look at these.
I need the pics, pics or it didn't happen.
Here's a longer one.
VP, I fully show you a loathing of European freeloading.
It's pathetic, all caps.
Sorry, it's getting cut off by this.
News Eye Stravaganza.
Oh, we'll explain what the News Eye Stravaganza is later.
Isn't thumbs up emoji a binding contract now?
Or are they contractually obligated to optics now?
Yeah, they accidentally agreed to optics forever.
Oh no, they're gonna always have to optics?
But Mike is correct.
We are the only ones on the planet on our side of the ledger.
Wait, which side of the ledger?
We're on the side of the ledger with, I guess, Israel, Saudi Arabian monarchy and,
I don't know, the masked singer.
Oh, yep, that sounds about right.
Nobody else even close.
A question is timing.
I feel like now is a good time, as any given
POTUS directive to reopen shipping lanes.
I think we should go, but POTUS still retains 24 hours of decision space.
The level of conversation happening here is inspirational to watch.
It is?
Yeah, because it's like I could be having this conversation.
I feel like they're just sort of writing the dialogue for like a really shitty spy movie.
And I could do that.
It's very aspirational in that sense.
Yeah, I guess so.
What a weird time to be alive a little bit.
As I heard it, the president was clear.
Green light, but as soon as we make clear to Egypt and Europe that what we expect in return.
Well, they didn't say what they expect in this text at least.
We also need to figure out how to enforce such a requirement,
e.g. if Europe doesn't renumerate, then what?
In the US, if the US successfully resorts, restores freedom of navigation at great cost,
there needs to be some further economic gain extracted in return.
What was the great cost for us?
We had to pay for bombs.
And they're not cheap unless you're sending them to Israel and then they get all they want.
The people on the ground had to pay with their lives as they got blown up by us.
Yeah, but you can't put a value on human life, guys.
But we can put a value on explosives.
They're expensive.
Oh, is that how that thing works?
I guess.
I want to see more emotes.
Now that I've seen that how smart they are, all I want to see is all the emotes.
No one is posting everything.
Post more, post harder.
Oh, well, maybe I can't find them.
This is this is the part of the journalism where I give up because I can't find enough funny emotes in their texts.
I would love to see a bicep emote, but if I can't find it, I can't find it.
You feel like we're living inside a Leslie Nielsen movie?
Well, yeah, but the jokes just aren't as, you know, they just don't as well thought out.
And the slapstick comedy is a little dark.
Yeah, the actual violence doesn't play as well as some of the Leslie Nielsen slapstick, I have to say.
It's Elon's site, so he's probably scrubbing it.
I know I'm trying to find any article that actually just shows screenshots of the text.
I should have looked for that probably before the stream.
Because I forgot the Atlantic is a price locked.
Show me the full leaks, you fucks.
Oh, is it here?
Is it here?
Is the news the worst?
Yeah, maybe it seems like everyone's just showing these same three.
What are we going to do next to actually try?
No, don't worry. That'll never happen.
One leak, please.
Shaggy, thank you so much for the gifted sub to see if he loves you and they love to see you CV.
CV loves you getting the gifted sub.
That's fantastic given the wild amount of subs CV loves you was giving out.
We're paying it back one sub at a time.
She's single?
I don't know Liliana, are you?
I mean it depends.
But how alive you consider some of the men that I'm dating?
What does that mean?
Well, just age wise, the spirits are actively trying to leave this mortal plane.
Yeah, I'm working, I just I don't know if you want to get involved with Liliana here.
Well, it depends. You have a couple billion dollars to spare and incredibly sagging skin because I'm listening.
She does have a specific type.
Okay, well, at least they're up to other stuff too.
Let's just say this, if you have an issue with the seeming staggering incompetence of our leaders,
it's at least going to be harder than ever to vote.
Oh, yeah, this is the other piece of Trump administration news for the day.
Those are pictures.
Here's more Trump news.
President, why is this site like this, everyone?
Trump overhauls US elections in new executive order, including proof of citizenship,
which has been a long contested issue.
I'm very happy to prove my citizenship.
I will just bring an American oligarch with me to the voting station.
They pointed me and they say, she gets to tell you who wins this district.
What? Don't worry about it.
President Trump on Tuesday signed a sweeping executive action to overhaul US elections,
including requiring documentary proof of citizenship to register to vote in federal
elections and demanding that all ballots be received by election day.
The order says the US has failed to enforce basic and necessary election predictions
and calls on states to work with federal agencies to share voter lists and prosecute election
crimes. It threatens to fulfill a refounding from states where election officials don't comply.
Trump often claims elections are rigged, before it's also even known.
But he's only done that.
Twice.
Yeah, you're right. He did only do that both times he ran.
So who if he runs a third time, well, he's not supposed to.
If he runs a third time, though, he could prove us all wrong and be really chill about it.
I'll say we give him the benefit of the doubt.
The benefit, no, he's demanding, he's already trying to change election laws with executive orders.
Let's just hear him out.
Maybe.
Maybe what?
Oh, you're right. He did run three times.
And he only said that there was fraud all three times, including both times that he won.
Yeah, I always forget about the time he lost.
So does he.
He forgot that it even happened at all and then thinks it didn't.
Oh, yeah, he forgot so hard that that reality just kind of warped around him.
Correct.
I'm willing to cross the aisle and say, oh, come on, how much can he mess it up?
A lot.
He already is.
But how much worse can it get worse?
Well, aren't you a little curious how much worse?
No, I'd like it to get less worse.
So happy Schumann kept the government open to prevent this.
Yes, don't worry.
Our Democrats bravely fought to make sure that all of this continues happening at a rapid cliff.
He thinks Biden is Obama.
Damn, that means bonds pretty cool.
Right.
Because he thinks he's a black guy.
I'm just saying.
That means bonds pretty cool.
Liliana.
Uh, butter emails.
Whoa, smooth and butted up government.
Sliding easily down all of our throats.
I wish that we found more emotes in these text threads.
I wish I found more text threads.
But hey, if they actually release all these texts, then Liliana will bring you back to read them all.
A few Lilianas successfully doming the ancient men in Congress could really turn things around.
I mean, who says that this isn't exactly how I planned it?
You're in control of the government, Liliana.
Courtesy of your doming practices.
I mean, that's what I make them say.
At least that's what I think they're saying through the gag.
It's hard to tell.
Then can you change things?
No, I can't.
Domination is actually often sort of the subtle art of submission.
Is uh, sometimes even though you're the Dom, it's an active submission to be the Dom psychologically.
Because you're ultimately submitting to their desire even as you dominate them.
What?
Don't worry about it.
That's all the time we have for the no-wist today.
Okay.
Well, there's probably more news, but I've got to get out of here.
I've got to be as a schedule.
What else are you doing?
Go-karts!
That's my other interest.
Aside from the weird sex stuff.
Oh.
I'm into go-karts now.
Why those two?
I don't know.
It's important to have interest, guys.
I'm gonna go go-karting, but you ought to stay safe.
That's all the time I have for the no-wist today.
Bye-bye.
Yes!
Frickin' finally, it's movie time.
Exactly.
Roll camera.
Action.
Sound speeding.
Check the gate.
I forgot to lock it and the dog will get out.
All right.
And that guy's fuckin' here.
My parole officer's here.
Chris is here.
He's wearing a fuckin'…
So, I'm using wearing a beanie over there,
but then when I cut to him, he switches to a fedora.
I put the fedora on for the close-up.
That doesn't fuckin' make sense, Chris.
I like to switch up my style from wide to close-up.
Grip the best boy and raise the lights.
Yeah, grip him tight.
Grab that best boy.
He's working hard.
We need Kase and Liliana Wigg for IRL Go-kart Stream.
I think that makes sense.
I think that should happen.
What the hell is an iced-strava-ganza?
I don't know.
Someone has to know what it is.
We'll make Kase explain it later.
I'm sure it makes sense.
Well, I guess it's a big goal,
because we're still 21 away.
110, he just randomly tacked down.
That's fine.
Can we make AI Trump voice do stand-up on what's happening in the country,
but in Bernie Mac style?
Kase hasn't used AI voices in a while.
Can you do it?
Oh, you wanna hear my trumpet pressure?
Yeah.
I'm Donald Trump, man.
Dang, y'all.
Grab him by the woodshed.
What?
That's my Donald Trump.
It was just your voice.
Uh, it's huge.
I don't work on-
I'm not an impression guy.
Let's watch some fucking trailers, man.
I'm not here.
This is- I don't do politics.
This is a fairly political stream I've been told.
That is crazy.
If you actually watch this stream,
then you know that it's about me watching movies.
You're just one part of it.
You're part of a greater whole.
Nope.
I'm the stream I've decided.
Let's cut the crap.
It's a movie stream.
Where's my movies?
I need to be fed a steady stream of full films that I watch
in three minute increments,
and the three minutes encompass the full film.
That trailers, aka short movies.
Today we're watching short films based on real films
that happen to be construed as advertisements,
but I don't think of them that way.
Whoa, Truck Turner, the drop.
I gotta see what my boy Truck Turner's up to.
Truck?
Hide, you-
Man, this is a TV show?
This is a TV spot.
Oh, it's for a film, though.
Anyway, Truck Turner, let's see what he's up to.
Big brother is coming.
And he's coming on strong.
Oh, sure goes to the side.
Isaac Hayes, the big brother of soul,
is making a new kind of music, and it's mean gybe.
Tell him you've been hit by a truck,
Mack Truck Turner.
Mack Truck Turner?
They should have put Mack in the title.
He's the coolest.
Hey.
Could have brought me some flowers.
I got some beer.
When he's baddest.
Should turn and be the bad guy.
Oh, you do better than I do.
He's the best.
Isaac Hayes as a skip tracer,
a modern day cloudy hunter making a healthy living.
He's gonna throw him at me.
Unhealthy for cats who skip bails.
Oh, jeez.
When he gets it on, the action takes off.
Well, there aren't any in the hospital.
Right it off.
That's efficient.
Jesus.
Hey, guys, huge news also.
Now, you can rate these trailers
using my own proprietary star rating system,
but you can only rate them one to five stars
because that's how movies work.
Exclamation point zero through five
is how you rate that particular trailer
using these beautiful stars below.
See, who said I don't know how to make things?
You made me do this for you.
I had to spend so much time
learning how to use streamer bot.
It's very confusing.
But whose idea was it?
Cases.
And then he made me do it too.
I'm so old I barely know how to use a computer.
It was an awful process.
So look, at least now we have a system
that's basically the other system,
but with a different graphic.
I'm not gonna count that as a win.
4.5 stars, four and a half stars,
even more accurate rating system here.
4.5.
I thought that would get a five, honestly,
but 4.5 is pretty strong.
Well, we don't really know, actually.
Maybe 4.5 is bad
because that's the first one we've ever rated.
So just think about that
before you mouth off again, Chris.
Whoa, with respect.
All right.
Spy high official trailer.
I've always kind of wanted to go to spy school
because I kind of can,
I can blend in anywhere.
I've been told you're not gonna disagree.
I'm not mouthing off like you asked.
Anyway, so I'm gonna relate to this pretty hard
because I probably could be a spy
if I wanted to spy high.
5.5 stars, four and a half stars,
watching you.
It was the turning point of my life.
The Lawn Mower School District
was considered to be one of the finest
in the state of Pennsylvania.
Very much a Utopia experience.
Kobe.
Went to Kobe Bryant High School.
Right.
What's the spy part?
Everyone was getting their own Macbooks
and we could take them home.
My new MacBook?
A lot of people was putting games on there.
Watch videos, download music.
But you know, I thought I was using it
in the privacy of my own home.
Oh, they're being fired on.
My teacher received a phone call
summoning me to the office.
She held up a picture of Blake in his bedroom.
She accused him of selling drugs.
You have pictures of me in my bedroom?
Suddenly, it's dozens of kids.
56,000 images.
How many other family members
might have been swept up in this?
That green light comes on.
The green light.
The green light.
Like, that's how you know they're watching you.
Why did they turn on that computer?
Who was making these decisions?
We put doors on teenagers' bedrooms
for a reason.
I find the allegation to be offensive
and outrageous.
You're going jam, right?
You didn't have anything to hide,
then you wouldn't have a problem.
Oh my God.
It made it feel like National Treasure
Book of Secrets.
I definitely felt racially profiled.
A couple of gay kids talking about being gay.
Oh no!
This is inside people's homes.
Stay the hell out.
It's all the footage.
The media circus is a blemish on our community.
They're just doing this for money.
They're using their kid.
It was the equivalent of the pitchforks coming out.
It tore us apart.
The truth is coming out.
Spy high.
Our concern was who was targeted.
I mean, I'm sorry.
Our concern was who was captured, not targeted.
Anyway, zero to five again is how you rate that.
That wasn't quite the spy.
System, I thought it kind of be like,
you know, like Mr. and Mrs. Smith.
I thought it'd be sort of like young Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie's.
But it was more so kids having like teachers constantly spy on them
and like see their nude bodies.
That's, I've actually never heard of that particular,
I never heard of those spy stories.
How come I'm listed on the media circus?
That is pretty troubling.
You know, as somebody who's an influence on the youths,
who's here to keep them safe, I gotta say, 2.22 stars.
And I don't think that's that good probably.
Oh, it's a huge deal.
I mean, yeah, it's fucking, that's actually seems pretty bad.
I mean, if I had access to everybody's webcams,
like Batman, would I use it for good or would I use it for evil?
That's the question I'll have to ask myself.
But I do think other people shouldn't have it.
Why should you have it?
Well, because I'm sort of like Batman,
and I probably do the right thing with it.
But most people can't handle that responsibility.
Particularly whoever that principle is.
He seemed creepy.
I don't even know about spy kids.
I thought spy kids was like a,
from the guy who made Once Upon a Time in Mexico,
here's kids fighting.
I didn't realize spying was looking at teenagers in their bedrooms.
I don't think I put that very well.
Uh, I mean, I actually tracked what you were saying there, dude,
because I think about that too.
Like, what if life was a Robert Rodriguez film,
which one would I be in?
And it probably is Once Upon a Time in Mexico,
and I would be Johnny Depp,
but pre-getting canceled.
And I probably would be blind,
but still an incredible gunman.
Those are the kind of thoughts I have.
Okay.
Used for all the nasty stuff everyone is skating around,
as well as outing kids and tracking where they are.
Should we cover up this webcam?
No, I think they need,
I think we need that for the show.
And also we do,
I think we do know that we're being watched.
Well, don't get ahead of yourself.
We're not being watched by that many people.
Those kids were probably being watched by more people than us.
That's true.
That's why it's so fucked up.
And or official trailer final season.
Okay, sure.
I liked, I thought Andor was fine.
Thought it was fine?
It was fine.
Whatever.
But it was like the best Star Wars thing of the last decade.
Yeah, but like whatever.
You're just being it,
you're just being a contrarian.
It was fine.
I came with you to be part of something.
The Empire cannot win.
And or exactly.
It's a different kind of mission.
If it goes up in flames,
it will burn very rightly.
But if I'm giving up everything,
I want to win.
Farmers, we have to stand together.
We will be crushed.
Resistance is a sign.
It's a weapon.
They're building a weapon.
Monster will come for us all.
Revolution is not for the same.
You're right here.
And you're ready to fight.
Who's who, dear?
Oh, shit, the Bane chance happening.
Welcome to the rebellion.
Dude, that's that fucking noise always tricks me into thinking I'm about to watch a Nintendo connect.
And then I'm pissed when it's the end of the trailer.
I guess it is close to the Nintendo connect noise.
That's true.
Anyway, Andor, whatever.
What?
It's probably good.
Why do you hate?
Why are you hating on Andor?
I don't know.
Because like,
I already know what happens.
They shouldn't have released the movie first if they were going to do a show about the movie.
There's more reason to watch a thing than knowing the culminating plot points.
I've already seen Forrest Whitaker get lasered.
So why do I even care that now he's a different younger him?
I know he get laser nuked.
They could always just retcon it.
They want one.
They want more Andor.
Maybe they'll just reveal that like the last minute when that whole planet was blowing up at the end of the movie spoilers.
You can't spoil it because the spoilers are for the past now.
The future's already been released.
And that's what's so fucked up about Andor is if you spoil Andor, you're spoiling past Andor.
Even though we already know future Andor, this shit sucks.
Well, look, I'm just saying it's the journey that you're invested in the moments of the characters,
the presentation.
And it's like spies, but Star Wars, but not the type of spies where you're spying on little baby
wookies with webcams type of spies that are defending space.
I do like that there's farmers in it because I love that fucking movie from the guy.
I love the Zack Snyder space movie about farmers.
You do do.
That's one of the that's like Star Wars.
But if people fucking understood how to how to macro their proteins,
fats and carbs, because everyone in that movie is ripped as shit.
Yeah, I guess everyone was in shape, but I don't believe the Rebel Moon franchise did
particularly well for Netflix.
It's probably one of the greatest space masterpieces of all time.
It answers the question, what if you farmed in space and you're not going to like the answer?
And that's what movies are all about.
Well, that's three trailers, it sure is.
And honestly, they were pretty high rated.
The average rating was like six.
It couldn't be six Trent.
It only goes up to five.
It was like seven.
How do averages work?
Is it 12?
We had there were two that were in the fours and one that was in the twos.
So negative.
It is probably around three.
Okay, well, that's more or less what I thought.
So that's all the time we have.
And I knew I know what averages are.
And in fact, I do because you know what it is.
We'll see you soon.
Bye bye.
Don't dance to my music.
Sorry.
Just trying to have a moment with you.
We'll stop, dude.
It's my thing.
You're just nodding.
You're not dancing.
I'm just nodding.
Yeah, that's exactly.
We'll get to see everybody.
Yes, your boy, Big Cheddar.
And I'm here to do the news.
How's that?
That's fine.
Yeah.
Okay, I'm big fucking news today.
Finally, you've probably seen this absolutely fucking exploding all over the tic-tacs and
all over the twatters.
People can't.
If people are losing their fucking minds with good reason, because finally,
shit, I got to disable ads one second.
Please, please.
Okay, there we go.
Because finally fucking fitness is back.
It's time to be fit again.
And the man who showed us the way is Ashton official.
You might have already seen this, but I think it's, I think this is newsworthy.
There's a lot going on.
This is really what you want to talk about.
This is what everyone is talking about.
And we had no choice case.
We have to cover what's popular.
I guess that is more, we do mostly just click on the top story of the day or this,
which I'm choosing to click on this because it was a lot of work.
Well, it is the top story of the day.
Let's see.
Oh, can I go to the, can I just go to his tic-tac action?
Oh, it's on his Instagram.
Okay, whatever.
Let's just watch it here, even though these sites have a million fucking ads.
Ow, fuck, it's over here anyway.
We need the music.
Working.
Nobody, nobody understood that.
This is how you work out, tell them.
Look at his body.
Look at his routine.
He's giving us all the secrets.
Boat.
Straight into shirtlessness.
Important step.
For two hours in, think of all he's accomplished.
He's gotten out of bed, he's put his head in ice.
He's wearing all sorts of clothes.
Guess where he's going.
Straight to the fucking pool.
And all that took was an hour.
Get ready for the greatest guy.
The hour he's letting us in.
It's only been four hours and look at how he's gotten done.
Banana peel on the face.
So we can get in the road, gotta go ahead and get in, release 10,000.
Straight into podcasting.
Wife immediately cooks you a hearty avocado toast breakfast.
Which he says thank you for because he's a gentleman.
And then you start back over 3.52 a.m.
Already shirtless and mouth taped up.
Ready to fucking go.
And that's our top story of the day.
What was the news there?
The news is that I'm announcing that I will be doing a news ice
Stravaganza to help promote the message of fitness.
When this gets to whatever case set 110,
the next stream we do,
we will have to dump our head into ice every 20 minutes.
So that we do the news good.
So that we're finally active on this fucking stream.
It'll be a news ice Stravaganza.
Shit, that's a terrible idea.
The ice is gonna, no, we will take breaks to re-ice the ice bucket
as much as necessary.
So that we can finally have a fit and active stream
where we are mentally sharp.
A news ice Stravaganza.
Okay, well, I guess that's what we're doing at the next sub rule.
Being topless is an important part of it too.
That's a great point.
So I'll be, I'll be bottomless.
Well, I'm saying, I gotta take to the next level.
Just know I'll be bottomless.
Because you gotta have some clothes on otherwise.
Your internal body temperature might get unregulated.
So all that's left to do is to get rid of the ice.
So I'll just be wearing no pants, no undies.
Chat that, you can't do that in here.
It's for fitness case.
Okay.
Does chat ice as nuts?
I could have a little mini bowl and then I could ice my nuts as well.
Obviously I'm aware of all the fitness trends
and I know that that is one.
I haven't heard about icing your nuts.
Of course you haven't.
Anyway, this story, does it give us any details?
Probably not.
But let's see.
This is probably one of those stories where they're just sort of
explaining what the TikTok is.
But, wait a minute, I need to picture this guy.
What's his fucking name?
Ashton official.
Ashton official.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Ashton Hall.
He's in pretty good shape.
I'll give it up to him.
He's in decent shape.
He can work on his vascularity.
Like I say that with respect.
Like with respect.
Like with respect.
He could work on his vascularity.
But I'll give it up to him.
Like he's in pretty good shape.
Can you be more muscular than that?
Yeah, case.
Oh.
Anyway, for some more details about this guy's morning routine.
That's Ashton Hall.
Which is routine has left hundreds of thousands of social media users
cackling into their Cheerios.
Wait, what is the point of this story?
Well, most people aren't making fun of this.
What?
The influencer originally posted the six hour routine
in his $8 million Instagram followers.
$8 million Instagram followers case.
Who's laughing now?
He was a running back in college.
When is the Case Blackwell workout happening?
That does need to happen.
That?
And some other...
I gotta throw a hot dog in my mouth.
You know, I finally bought the hot dogs
and I just haven't used them.
Now they're probably expired.
God damn it, Case.
Why are you so bad at stringing a hot dog in your mouth?
Because I needed to get floss.
So that I could do the hot dog thing
and I forgot to get the floss.
So when I do the workout stream,
I just gotta get the floss.
Ridiculous.
You're never gonna...
You're never even gonna approach this level of fitness.
When would I...
That's insanely fit.
It's pretty fit.
It's a good start.
Every time I think about working out,
I say, I'm gonna throw a hot dog in my mouth.
That's part of my fitness routine.
Is that a trend?
Yeah.
Well, I know about that.
That was a trick and I already knew that.
Anyway, people aren't...
Why are they claiming people are making fun of this guy?
Because everyone is.
They're just dunking on this guy.
Honestly, he got dunked on so quickly.
I feel like it kind of took the fun out of it for me.
Because it is a very funny video,
but people have just been shitting all over this
for like the whole week.
Granted, he does seem to kind of be
a little bit of an idiot with a bad message for the world.
What?
What do you mean?
His message is just drink expensive water
and present a false lifestyle.
There's nothing false about waking up before 4 a.m., dude,
to get your fucking life in order case.
Is that what he's doing?
It seems like he's just filming himself
doing random hustle bro stuff from like 2018.
Oh my God.
This is so disappointing.
You're making me not even want to do the news I stravaganza.
He is in on the joke.
Seem...
I mean, I hope so.
Because he's pumped out so many of these things.
Only relevant ones.
Let's go to his TikTok.
Ashton Kutcher.
Oh, Ashton Kutcher official.
What's his name again?
Check.
You're the one who brought me this story.
Oh.
Ashton Kutcher official.
It's just Ashton official.
Okay.
Wait, this is a fake one.
Ashton official.
There it is.
See?
Look.
This is all legitimate workout content.
He recently released an updated video on his morning routine.
Because some days you have to do a slightly different routine.
It can't all be the same routine every day.
For instance, on this day he shaves.
That's a new development.
Nobody knew that he did that.
We thought maybe his hair just grew like that.
Still goes outside, of course.
That's that it's got to drink the water and do push-ups.
Obviously.
Oops.
That's part of his routines.
You got to keep your partner on their toes.
And they are legally required to clean up after you when you're disripped.
Listen to the Bible stuff for sure.
Look at a book.
Don't read it.
Don't waste your time.
And of course the main event, the ice face.
And a different outfit.
It's shown off the style.
You also do you leave the nose strip on for the first two hours of the day.
That's consistent.
That's got to be about consistency.
And you have an expensive bag of course.
That's important so you feel good about your routine.
This day today is like f**k swimming.
Today I'll be swimming in sweat, bitch.
And that's look how it looks like he's been in the pool.
That's all natural, baby.
His body is a pool right now.
And you don't towel off.
You put clothes on while you're that sweaty.
And then you go straight to a parking lot.
What?
Or you do spritz.
Yep. Yep.
Pretty good jump.
It's good to meet you, man.
And then you know you're...
That's crazy.
Your male cockabines show up to say you're awesome.
That's normal.
And you still not...
You gotta shower more.
And then of course you gotta get your banana in for the face.
And then don't eat.
Don't bother eating it.
And then you make your wife cook you more stuff while
scrolling TikToks about yourself.
And then of course you rounded out with some ice.
Your major first 10,000.
Congratulations.
We gotta do at least 20, bro.
Trying to figure out which building he's in.
He didn't even clean it up.
That seems to be a consistent thing with him.
Is he smashes water bottles and then his wife
or girlfriend or whatever cleans it up.
Seems a little...
Maybe a little toxic.
Well, look, if people are trying to clown on him,
he's in on the joke.
As obviously the point out.
And the joke is on all of you for not taking your morning
routine this seriously.
Because if you get yourself on the right routine,
you could 10x your morning macro bio reciprocation.
When does he shit?
That's actually two hours at the end of the day.
Two hours?
You gotta give your bottles time to do their thing.
That's why he gets a specific workout toilet.
With lat bars on the side.
So you can do lat dips while you shit for two straight hours.
That's how he has such lat definition.
He doesn't shit, he absorbs all the nutrients.
Well, only on Sundays.
Sometimes, even though he can do that,
sometimes you have to let your body shit.
Just so that you continue to work out your sphincter muscles.
Because you don't want your sphincter muscles to atrophy.
Otherwise, when you fart, you'll die.
Oh, that's how that works.
You have to look, I understand if you get on this diet,
you might stop pooping.
You have to occasionally eat a full burrito and a venti coffee.
A venti double black red eye from expresso.
Just to make sure you have an explosive shit
to challenge your sphincter muscles so that they don't atrophy.
Because on the off chance that you do fart,
if you have atrophy sphincter muscles, you'll die.
I get it, Chen.
I don't get why you're saying that,
but I track what you're saying even though it's bad.
If you fart in the dream, you fart for real.
Exactly.
So anyway, that's sort of the fitness macro.
That's the news I'm trying to get across here,
is this is the future of fitness,
so keep up and keep fit, everybody.
It's sort of a public service announcement.
You're wondering how I got this body.
I'm an even better routine.
I might release it eventually,
but for now, to promote this important fitness trend,
we will be doing the news I Strava Gansa.
Once in a while, you've got to clean your system
and push it all out.
Yeah, and however you need to do it,
tons and tons of espresso shots,
sometimes just take six shots of espresso.
You could go to Taco Bell.
I find that to be a little bit of a rookie move.
Personally, I like to just, I do hot sauce shots.
Like I'm on a YouTube video for five-year-olds.
I just fucking pound hot sauce shots.
Six shots of espresso.
And then I still stimulate my prostate
until I just essentially,
I feel like I could rock it to the moon,
but I rock at my ass to the bathroom.
Okay, okay, that's all the news that we have for now.
That doesn't count as news.
It was the news.
Actually, wait, did I have a headline?
I didn't have a headline.
Well, just know that there was one,
and it was workouts are changing and for the better.
And I will help better you whenever we do the ice
drive again, which will be coming up along with a
workout stream where Casey taught dogs.
But for now, that is of the news that we have had the time
to do it.
And because of that, it was it is done.
Bye-bye.
Truth your warriors unite, fight, and decide who is honest.
Spoiler alert.
It's none of the people that are trying to lie to you.
Think about math.
You're back with guy redacted.
Semper truth today.
We're just we're breaking down a troubling subject that
chat actually just spoke about morning routine.
A lot of people think they've cracked the code on how to
perfectly manage your internal temperature, your
muscularity, your mental activation.
But what if the morning is actually a ritual design to
control your evening?
It's the thing that I've always said.
Kick him out.
But it's no one even asked for Clementine.
Let it be Clementine.
You guys, you can't just I'm a decent enough.
I'm not.
I mean, I'm good.
I'm a good choice.
I'm just as good as Clementine.
And there's no no.
Oh, come on.
He doesn't even realize that I've left a series of buttons in here.
Traps that can rocket him out of any room that I like.
It's important for me to booby trap any room that I regularly
interact with in case I need to escape the government any time.
Look, the mainstream media.
And yet I said maim because they're trying to maim your mind with lies.
They've been on my friend Ashton officials case.
And yet I said case because case was also on this case.
They've been on his case about how he's promoting forced fitness routines.
Some people say and it's making fun of them.
Some people say, oh, he's in on the joke.
He's become self aware.
Now he's just milking a trend.
The morning is serious business because the morning is the beginning of the afternoon.
And the afternoon is the beginning of the morning.
The afternoon is the finale of the midday.
And the evening is just a prelude to the morning.
So if you think about it, everything circulates circles around the morning.
And they want to keep you asleep.
What is sleep?
The thing you do until the morning.
The morning is the truth when your mind awakens.
I have a theory that once we're perfect beings of infinite truth,
we won't need to sleep no more.
Eat not even half our brain sleeping at a time like we're dolphins.
I think once we're fully aware, we'll become one perfectly smooth round brain
that's awake all the time.
I've always said that.
Exactly the liminal space between morning, afternoon and evening.
The point is we need to type in morning routine conspiracy
and see what happens if we put that into YouTube.
Because I suspect that could be an entire Trevor Trevor information
that we're not even aware of.
And I'm not afraid to do it.
What a surprise.
It immediately brought off this video from e-talk
claiming that Ashton officials morning routine is in fact a conspiracy.
Let's assume this video is what I'm talking about and watch it immediately.
Alright, never mind.
It was just a clip from Sports Center or something.
I've been lied to.
And that's the level that they're sinking to to try to keep this information from us.
Cringe millionaire morning routines.
I just woke up.
From Italian Bach.
This is Italian Bach who's claiming that morning routines are cringe.
Well, maybe the joke's on you Italian Bach
because look at just a random still frame of you.
You're sort of making a know it all face.
And is that the sort of face you want to project into the world?
Well, let's find out.
This morning I farted so loudly that it woke me up.
And then I scrolled on TikTok for 10 hours and then went back to sleep again.
So I thought I'd find some inspiration from millionaires.
Maybe to sort myself out a little bit.
So we're going to be watching some cringe millionaire morning routines.
Who threw the word cringe in there?
That is rude.
I can't do it.
It was me.
Don't tell him.
Don't tell him.
I can't even make it.
Because I can tell he's just going to be lying the reputation of these hard working men
that are just trying to give us reasonable morning routines.
Alright, this guy, Will Tenninson.
Every successful person claims that he is scientifically built the perfect morning routine.
Now we might be on to something.
Someone who's at least taking the subject matter as seriously as it deserves.
Do we have a conspiracy about the new pyramid study?
Wait a minute.
There's been a new pyramid study.
Listen, we have to at least do a little bit of this morning routine thing.
And then we can briefly get into the pyramid thing.
I do think they're probably equally important.
Because honestly, the pyramids could come and go.
But there will always be mornings, I would argue.
Person from Elon Musk to Christiana Ronaldo swear by their morning routine.
It's their secret weapon.
So I broke down the habits of the world's top achievers to create the ultimate morning routine
that guarantees productivity.
And I'm going to be putting it to the test.
You know what they say.
Every successful morning starts with an early night.
So it's 8 p.m.
We're getting ready for bed.
And now as you can see, the blinds are open.
And that's because Richard Branson leaves his blinds open for the sun to naturally wake him
at around 5 a.m.
I'm from Canada.
It's winter here.
And we don't get sunlight.
Period.
Since I'm not living in the Virgin Islands in June, I have a backup plan.
Retired Navy SEAL,
Jaco Willings sets his alarm for 4th...
Oh, good.
We've moved on to Jaco.
Always good advice from Jaco Willings.
Let's see who he's got.
8 a.m. to the song Iron Swan.
It's something that he calls an escalating alarm.
It starts off nice and mellow.
If you don't get up in time, it's coming.
I'm scared for that.
I feel so exposed right now.
I might as well just drop the sex tape.
I really hope my neighbors don't have binoculars.
What?
Or else they're going to see something else.
What is he talking about there?
This is 18 minutes long.
The vibe of the song is making me just want to hit a hooker and then pass out.
Not leap out of bed at the end of the day.
Good morning, everybody.
As you can see, it says dark as my diary.
The year I had puberty.
And my usual little morning greeter hasn't even risen.
And I'm not just sheer curiosity.
I'm not the song play out because I'm just so curious what's going to happen.
And while I do that, I'm going to drop down and do some push-ups.
Simon Cowell does 150 push-ups every morning.
It's one of the things I help to lose 50 pounds.
Also, identity...
I'm beginning to suspect that that man might have been
suckering me in with promises of an advanced morning routine.
Simply to repeatedly talk about his penis and how nude he is.
Which I'm not saying couldn't be part of your morning routine.
I sort of have a three-strike policy.
The first strike where you talk about your penis, I'm like, that's fair.
Second strike, I'm like, oh, wait a minute.
Third strike, I'm like, your penis is out and you're pointing it at me.
I think he was at his third strike.
That is a classic Illuminati tactic.
They bring up the penis two times and then they really tease you with that third giveaway time.
He did seem to be sleeping under a duster.
What was he sleeping?
What was with that blanket?
Why does it look like this?
What exactly is happening here?
Why are there several buttons on his blanket?
What is it just a weighted blanket?
Is that what it is?
But why does it have buttons on it?
Like it's a coat.
I'm a little bit confused.
I'm just going to see what else even happens in this video.
He drinks stuff, he works out.
He eats an egg with Kanye's face on it for some reason.
And um...
Scroll past where he probably shows us his penis.
Oh, here we go.
We can cut to the cliff now.
Leave curtains open, escalate your alarm, do 150 push-ups,
take a cold shower, drink espresso.
Oh yeah, that was right.
Coke addiction, all right, be addicted to Coke.
Run 23 miles, have titanium tea.
Pomodoro technique.
There's no time to find out what that is.
Early morning workout, eat some crepes and then dance.
Burn this into your mind.
And then spoiler alert.
Do the exact opposite.
Because he's lying to you.
The real trick to any morning routine is to deny.
He's to absolutely and unequivocally deny yourself
the option to do anything useful.
The morning is the sacred space of pure mind insurrection.
Not meditation exactly.
Sort of like that, but I think it's even cooler
because I call it mind insurrection.
What you want to do is for as long as it takes,
force the day away from yourself.
Try to do absolutely nothing, all right,
but truly become nothing so that you can escape
the confines of your own ego as much as possible.
See through the veil of lies and maybe by about 10 p.m.
you can have 10 a.m.
you can have breakfast if you get really good at it.
But it used to take me all day of doing nothing
before I felt like I was truly enlightened.
Masturbation is an important step sometimes.
Sort of clear the cobwebs out a little bit.
Maybe do two or three hours of that as necessary.
But the goal is to sort of get to a place where
maybe you could be watching TV by noon.
And that's at least my advanced advice.
It's taking years of dedication to get to that point.
Speaking of points, pyramids,
are they deeper than we thought?
Pyramids, secret caverns
over making the news.
Some people say, wait a minute,
this is a story from several years ago.
That's just making the rounds again
because somebody from Info Wars brought it up
and now it's moving through the usual conservative conspiracy circle.
I say there's big fucking stakes holding up the pyramids
and there's probably cities under there.
Anyway, we'll watch a couple of TikToks on it
because TikToks are like the truth
but a little more bite-sized.
So, secret pyramid.
I've got a login to even use TikTok.
They're trying to track me already.
Please.
I'm just trying to find the trove.
Jesus Christ.
It's not even gonna log me in before this music finishes.
There we go.
Yes.
The mysterious discovery under the pyramid
from an extremely trustworthy individual.
Let's see what he's got for us.
Beneath the great pyramid.
One second.
Oh, even full screen.
This, okay.
All right.
Let's just, let's switch it this way.
Pyramids of Egypt lie something far more mysterious
than we've been told.
A hidden chamber, a vault of knowledge,
with some believed to be the legendary Hall of Records.
Ancient Egyptians recorded history on tablets,
walls, and papyrus,
but they also preserved something else,
mummies, not just for the afterlife,
but to safeguard something even more valuable.
What's that?
DNA.
Oh my God.
And according to some,
this DNA wasn't entirely human.
Why?
Journalist Trevor Grassi uncovered a story so shocking
it was almost erased from existence.
He spoke with an American named William Brown,
who had heard whispers of an untouched tomb
belonging to Pharaoh Khufu himself.
The locals knew it was there,
hidden beneath the sands,
still sealed, still full of riches.
In 2006, William and his wife bought land near the site
and conducted ground penetrating radar scans.
The results?
Astonishing.
His wife believed they had found
Khufu's long lost burial chamber.
But once the locals caught wind of it,
the real excavation began.
What happened next is the kind of thing
that vanishes from history.
Oh no.
Evidence scrubbed.
Footage deleted.
What?
But Grassi managed to get his hands
on some of that footage.
Whoa, I see it.
A group of about 20 men set to work,
and nine of them descended nearly 30 meters
into the tomb.
When they emerged,
they carried something that shouldn't exist,
an alien faced mummy.
No.
They placed it in a hearse,
but before they could escape,
they were caught.
Some were beaten to death.
Others were jailed.
No.
And the dig didn't stop there.
As they pressed on, disaster struck.
One man had to step outside the tunnel
only to hear a collapse behind him.
But William Brown doesn't think
it was any accident.
Of course.
He believes it was a warning,
a brutal message to the locals.
Dig into your own past,
and you will disappear.
At least six men were trapped inside,
and the government refused to send them air.
Keep talking, please.
They were left to die.
No.
One of the trapped men had a powerful connection.
His brother, a feared Russian gangster,
he forced authorities to let him recover the body.
What he found, blood.
No.
Splattered across the walls,
signs of a struggle.
But against what?
Exactly.
Brown claims that excavations in Egypt
are controlled by a shadowy network,
one that decides what can and cannot be unearthed.
They always thought shadowy.
And that's why satellite imagery
from Italian researchers shook the world.
Oh, my God.
It revealed something massive beneath the desert,
an entire underground city.
So what's down there?
Why is it being covered up?
Why is it?
And what would it mean for our understanding of history
if the truth ever got out?
Because if this story is real,
history as we know it is a lie.
So this just.
For a lot of some people,
it was probably a lot to track.
For me, I kept up with it perfectly.
So sad what happened to those 30 men
that got brutally massacred,
and then the other guy who also got eventually massacred.
The tunnels beneath them are connected to Area 51.
It might sound ridiculous,
but if you look at a map of the world,
all right, Area 51 and the pyramids,
they're both on that map.
Let's watch one more.
Mysterious discovery.
This is from another TikToker,
I really respect.
Turuji Magto,
who just has a voice that I really trust.
So let's check out one more.
Gov'ry under the pyramids.
They've just made a discovery beneath a great pyramid of Giza.
Something they were never meant to find.
Wow, there's a big pyramid.
Scientists have discovered massive columns hidden underground.
No.
But here's the scary part.
These are no ordinary stone columns.
They're made of a material that doesn't exist on earth.
Experts analyze them, expecting granite or limestone,
and found something metallic.
Could this be definitive proof that the pyramids
weren't built by ancient Egyptians?
Legends speak of gods who used floating stones to build the pyramids.
But what if they weren't gods?
What if these so-called gods were visitors from another world?
Well, when they're dogs.
In the pyramid.
They're dog gods from...
Not gods, but dog aliens?
DeGalians?
The newly discovered pillars form a perfect energy grid
that aligns exactly with Orion's belt.
No.
Just like the pyramids above them.
What if this isn't a coincidence?
What if the pyramids were built as a message to someone?
Or something?
Some researchers now believe the underground structure
was not meant for humans at all.
Look at that.
Do you see what just happened there?
That could be an ancient-
The fire is reasoned.
...someone.
Really take a look at this.
This is the sort of troubling thing that humans are almost incapable of perceiving.
Or something.
Some researchers now believe underground structures
were not meant for humans at all.
And it morphs into a UFO.
And there's another UFO already there.
Designed to send energy into the cosmos.
Or even communicate with an unknown force.
Where did we get this footage?
Where did they even get this footage?
If not from the city under the pyramid.
Kendall forgot to get Casey's shake.
Which is honestly probably good for Casey in the long run,
but makes him sad in the moment.
If I had to guess.
That's alright.
No problem.
Who doesn't need it?
Let's be real.
And just...
To silence their haters.
I will look up pyramid conspiracy fraud.
And see if there's people out, you know, doubting the veracity of some of these claims.
I will give them why I hate it as a day in court.
The court of this shitty set that's replaced my cottage for some reason.
Pyramid conspiracy fraud is not giving me any exciting results in TikTok.
So how am I even meant to cover this?
If I can't find some guy talking about it.
On TikTok.
Seems like TikTok is pretty on board with this actually.
They're pretty convinced that this is real.
Alright.
Okay, this is from Yahoo News.
Let's see what Yahoo News has to say about these almost certainly real underground pyramid cities.
One moment please.
I'm doing all sorts of important journalism as we speak.
There it is.
Oh, I forgot I even have this view.
I don't need to do any of that.
Sorry everybody.
Kendall, you say something?
Yeah, I fed the cats.
Oh, I fed the cats.
That's alright.
Me, Clementine Verne.
Plays that an underground city exists beneath ancient Egypt pyramids
have been caused a row among experts reaches from Italy say they've uncovered giant vertical
shafts wrapped in spiral staircases underneath the calf pyramid.
They say on Sunday they found a limestone platform with two chambers and channels that
resemble pipelines of a water system more than 2,100 feet below the pyramid with underground
pathways leading even deeper into the earth.
But the claims which have been not been published or independently peer reviewed
or as I call it, coward reviewed were labeled forced and exaggerated by fellow Egyptologists.
Professor Corrado Malanga and his team from the University of Pisa
are notoriously untrustworthy tower radar pulses are used radar pulses to create
hollow resolution images deep into the ground similar to our so now radar maps the ocean
where I meant they are trustworthy pieces on our side.
Never mind in his statement.
He said when we magnify the images in the future, we will reveal that beneath
that lies what could only be described as a true underground city.
The scientists have also said there's an entire hidden world of many structures
and that the pyramid of calf might be might conceal undiscovered secrets notably the fabled
whole of records not a fable anymore.
We basically just found it using bad technology but for the ground the whole of records
a concept popularizing ancient Egyptian law is believed to be the ancient library
beneath the great pyramid which is mostly full of aliens.
Professor Lawrence Connors a radar expert at the University of Denda who focuses on
archaeology and probably being a f***ing hater for no reason told the daily mall
it was not possible for that technology to penetrate penetrate that deeply into the ground.
I'll just say maybe not when you do it.
Maybe you're not penetrating that deeply but some of us blokes know how to go all the way.
Hit the back walls of the earth if you know what I mean.
Kendall do you believe that the pyramids actually are over an ancient city
containing alien technology from 10,000 years in the past?
Yeah.
She does believe it and there you have it.
I've convinced someone already.
Blah blah blah modern technology isn't good enough to look 21,000, 2100 feet under the ground
and perfectly map an ancient city well let me ask you this then how come we did it already?
And I don't hear an answer from anyone.
Well maybe because I'm in the room alone but I'll just give everybody a chance to say
something and no one disagreed or even a second.
All right well look we covered a lot of conspiracies today we found the perfect morning routine
which it turns out is just trying to do as little as possible for as long as possible.
We figured out that there's ancient aliens of course under the pyramids and that they
might be dog aliens aka an ancient race of dog aliens that look essentially like
really badass Anubis drawings.
I'd say we did everything we could for the world today in about 10 minutes 10 to 15 minutes.
That means I have to send it back to the surface aka the surface level where the lies breed
down here in the deep basement where the truth lives I'll keep existing
whenever you guys tell guy that he sucks because that's the face that you can't do
and maybe I'll come back because I mean the people have kind of spoken.
It turns out you know why change a classic.
Why change a classic just because you look like you maybe look slightly like and sound slightly like
a sex pest a sex pest accused by multiple women incredibly why get rid of me just because of that.
All right that's all the time we have for now let's send it back to the surface
and never forget that the truth is right here but now it's not going to be it's not going
to be up there unfortunately.
Feels like he's really calling me up for some reason that alien can get it wow.
Kendall you got any news you want to talk about?
Our standards for news here are very low Jesus text him.
Yeah my hair goes real wild on this stream. Kendall says she has nothing to talk about.
I'll say never forget.
Repo? Oh yeah yeah Kendall I've been playing Repo.
Maybe we should stream it at some point.
Right now I do have to leave and about oh yeah I'm doing a comedy thing yeah.
Doing a comedy thing that what Kendall is wisely escaping.
Yeah this hair's a wig.
Stream rolling towards three years of been I know jeez.
Not my brother okay my brother says he also never forget but what about poor old guy redacted
and his thoughts and feelings and family.
He should put up more of a fight honestly when Guy comes to kick him out of that room.
I mean when a Clem.
Have Kendall stream the stream?
Have Kendall stream Repo?
Kendall do you want a stream Repo on my computer?
I mean I-
If I like go into a new scene by accident I don't think I'll ever be able to stream.
I can switch to my gaming setup which is a lot simpler
because then she could just stream on my stream.
I could also switch to your new stream setup which would technically work but
we should save it.
We should save it for when you're actually streaming because I made all those graphics.
No way guys sex pest himself.
Maybe Clementine's the only truly virtuous man.
Yeah maybe we'll I mean if Kendall wants to she can certainly stream on here.
Call for an expert Casem G.
All right we'll have to slightly delay that one but I'll give him a call tomorrow and see if he's available.
We'll delay that one just tomorrow stream.
I'll text him and see if he wants to pop on to talk to you guys about aliens.
Um live comedy club stream again when?
I don't know it's that's it's tricky because I have to make sure everyone is fine
particularly stand-ups are fine with their stuff being broadcast.
This?
Yeah.
Oh did I accidentally- did I lose hairs?
Ow.
I don't know that's exactly what I was looking at.
No it doesn't look like you lost anything.
Maybe I've always had that.
Um you want vaguely racist snap cam filter Casem?
Kendall says that's a bad idea.
I'll do it I will do it man I won't you don't have to waste those hard earned points.
I'll call Casem I will call Cas on tomorrow's stream and see if he's available.
Okay be able to spray the following.
Classic style.
Oh Lord Servo thank you so much for the 29 months.
Um in case I missed it funnel web thank you as well for the 29 months 29 months.
What an unexpected way to revive call Cas- yeah the real secret to keeping it going was I just call him
on a cell phone on speaker phone every once in a while.
Somebody check old clips has it always been there?
Oh what happened there?
Now I'm confused I don't feel like I've ever had a chunk out of my beard.
No no no no no.
Ah that's cheese.
Wow that's cheese.
Am I missing something?
Uncle Phil thank you for the 100 bits here I'll check with this other camera.
What is going on there?
I think they're just curbed in a way that makes it look like.
I think I should take a shower.
But they can cover it up.
Like the old back feed days maybe when you age you just get worse facial hair too.
Does everything about your body just get worse?
That sounds probably like what happens.
Okay look there's no time.
There's no time to figure out what's going on with my strange body.
We need to bravely trudge forward with various segments.
Let's go amongst the amongst the web.
Ah good to see everybody.
We can't get Garfin here unfortunately he's still missing.
So many are missing and somehow Peter is still here.
I never leave.
It's easy to not be missing when you live in the walls.
Garfin's been furloughed until there's finally an update on this snap camera page.
Which is supposedly incoming any day now.
Any day now.
He released updates just four hours ago.
He's literally been working on it today.
I'm this Snapchat GitHub guys biggest fan.
Not me I like him I like everybody missing because that means we get to be closer case.
Okay Peter let's just start videos immediately.
What? No banter?
You made Kendall leave.
I think you made Kendall leave.
You guys see how polite I'm being and what I get back.
I'll just say that.
You see what I'm putting up with.
What'd you scream at?
I caught a reflection of myself in the camera.
No I think that was...
Yeah yeah might have another reflection of you.
All right we got some videos to get through.
We also got some comments to get through I haven't been hitting the button.
Rating needs a sound clip of Sessler out of five at the end.
Oh yeah we could do that for the um for the one that's out of five.
Maybe if you had a schedule there would be more viewers.
That does make a ton of sense Bonsai Bullfrog.
Some streamers have given me the advice that streaming on any schedule or with any
consistency is a real way to is probably a prequisite to growing your viewership.
Not case you can prove them all wrong.
Stream at random times.
Peter is a saint thank you so much.
I mean I guess a different Peter literally is.
But maybe someday me too.
I don't know keep trying Peter.
I mean I'm not really trying to be clear.
Okay a fish.
So does something bad happen to this fish?
What the hell?
All right you're gonna need to see this.
So I believe I made myself clear.
Clear.
Do you see that?
Let's run it back in case you didn't see that.
So I believe I made myself clear.
Oh why take a whole minute to make a video when you can make a perfect video in five seconds.
It's pretty good I want an eye at.
He did make himself clear but also not clear.
How does he look translucent and not translucent at the same time?
Kind of like an AI this uh squids uh translucent technology can't entirely handle fingers.
Oh yeah he is blocking view of the fingers but he's generally mimicking the
visual coloration of what's around him.
So I'd say that's pretty impressive.
I it's impressive.
Nature's impressive but you're still talking shit case.
9.63 pretty good start.
What the hell is this?
All right from Nain shirt.
Nature straight to the monstrosity of humanity.
Oh hello good looking.
It's talking very quietly.
Incredible.
That's the beautiful thing about animatronics is you know you won't always be able to meet
your heroes but by the power of animatronics you know you could still be talking to your
favorite football player 10,000 years in the future.
It's like the carousel of progress.
What the hell is that?
Oh sorry I'm I'm super Disney brains now.
Never seen the carousel of progress.
It's kind of an insane thing that Disney made for some reason back when Walt Disney was alive.
It's a carousel.
It's the most of chat's problem.
If you've been to Disney, you've probably seen it.
Welcome to Walt Disney's carousel of progress.
You're in for a real treat.
The carousel of progress.
Buildings are towering now as high as 20 stories.
We can picture a split rubber on a big screen.
We have almost 8,000 automobiles in this country and we can travel by train from
New York to California in less than seven days.
And I even hear tell about two brothers in North Carolina who are working.
So in case you've never seen it.
The carousel of progress.
You're just in a big carousel and it rotates around this animatronic
from the past of the 1900s all the way to the future of the 2000s sort of
where there's high-def TVs and VR video games.
But the animatronics still look like monstrosities from 1960 or earlier.
And then yeah they burn the roast with the high score in case you've ever seen it.
One fascinating thing about being at Disney World was it seems like whoever they had
making their animatronics had like a real consistent like man face that they kept making.
Like all the ghosts in the haunted mansion kind of have the same face as the animatronics in
the carousel of project.
It's like this weird and nosy jaws like in a real specific angle.
I don't know.
I was starting to feel maybe I was just paying too close of attention and losing my mind at Disney.
It was a little weird.
I'm getting text.
Whoa burns tools.
Uh oh guys I might be experiencing some credit card fraud.
I'm getting some alerts today.
Okay burns tools.
No I did not use my credit card for that.
Real-time credit card fraud guys.
Okay my card has been restricted.
I might have to check my um just to second everyone.
Peter do you want to check yours too?
I'll check my credit card as well just to be safe.
Change the stream category to credit card fraud to fraud.
Case you're doing a fraud stream.
It wouldn't be the first.
Uh oh they noticed some unusual activity on my credit card.
Okay let's review this credit card.
Oh wow uh oh okay.
It looks like someone definitely got a hold of my credit card.
What is every table pbc?
Damn they were they were they were about to pop off on this thing.
I'm glad I got the notification.
Wait how do I report all this is fraud?
One second guys.
I'm going to have to go on the website.
I'm going to have to go on the website.
I'm going to have to go on the website.
I'm going to have to go on the website.
Oh no my own credit card company is trying to fraud me.
Report is fraud.
Okay I'm going to have to go on the website.
Quick buy something expensive before you report it.
Why are you ruining their fun?
What are they even getting?
They tried to buy a thousand dollars of tools
and then they tried to buy tables.
What is their plan to spend money?
It's a legitimate notification.
Yes it's straight up from my bank.
And I'm in my bank zap right now.
Do you recognize all these transactions?
I do not.
Oh I see okay.
Yeah okay.
Great okay.
To process your claim.
This is exciting guys.
Let's play some music while I do this.
Process your claim and we need to answer a few specific questions.
Do you remember opening this Bank of America credit card?
I do fortunately.
Do I have the card in my possession?
Quick question check.
Do you know how someone may have gained access to your account information?
I sure don't.
In case we need to call you for this claim please enter the best phone number.
Okay okay.
Shit I don't think I have time to do that particular one
because of all this credit card nonsense.
Okay.
My card has been deactivated but a new one's on the way guys.
Don't worry I'll be credit carding it up real soon.
What is case's credit card password?
September Penis Genital Slit.
Pussy Maggot.
Femboy Sox with two X's.
I'll never tell if you guys are on the right track or not.
I refuse to confirm or deny.
Hope this is the first instance of fraud and then I haven't just
not noticed recurring credit card fraud for the last few months.
That would be a bummer.
I guess I should also check my other account.
This is fun.
I'll just throw this up on the screen in a second so you guys can run through my purchases with me.
Everything else looks normal.
Nothing else seems crazy.
How did they get it?
That's kind of freaky.
How was my credit card information obtained when I have the card?
Yeah I think I've had one other instance of credit card fraud in the past and it wasn't that bad.
Maybe it was because I was in Florida.
That could have been my my fatal error.
Was going to Florida.
By visiting Florida I invited this upon myself.
Everything else seems normal.
You paid something for the online and the vendor got hacked.
Yeah that sounds about right.
Damn it.
Now all my auto pays have to be updated.
I just want it.
I want it to make it as easy as possible for everyone to charge me for everything.
DeSantis stole your credit card case?
I didn't know that you were a DeSantis fan.
I wouldn't be a fan if you stole my card.
Yeah but you'd be shabitting.
Case if you'd use your business email to send me your mother's maiden name and the street you grew up on
followed by your social security number I can figure out how they fraud it defrauded you.
Well that's why I have chat here because of useful uh you know useful offers like that
for Melody Von Torture.
I'll be sure to get that over as soon as possible.
Only fans content will have to wait.
Those are hardworking men and women who need my credit card information immediately.
That's true.
Case writes that off as charity.
You shouldn't be going through my financial records.
Well they're all over the bed.
They're all over the walls.
They're inside the walls case.
Yeah that's where I hide them.
Oh well I might have messed with your organization system just a little bit.
This is Kung Fu Warrior Adventure Set commercial featuring Mason Reese.
Let's get back to the videos.
Let's get back to what really matters.
Kung Fu Adventure Story.
Hook travels to the Orient and they're in addition to a skill for the family.
With a sword and bow and arrow.
He becomes a Kung Fu Champion.
Story and all this stuff is in the Kung Fu Adventure Set.
Hook is sold separately on a huge assay.
Lots of fun.
The fighting series Kung Fu Warrior Adventure Set.
Is it bad that I still want it?
Because they said Orient?
I mean I know it's not the preferred term but it's such a fun adventure set.
Can't you just find like the what called Chinese Adventure Set?
Yeah but I want that classic adventure vibe.
That only comes from the Kung Fu Warrior Adventure Set.
Oh it's not even in the title.
It's just a Kung Fu Warrior Adventure Set.
Unfortunately Mason Reese was calling it the Orient.
Oh shoot did I mess up?
I didn't okay.
My little bar down there was going kind of nuts.
Uh oh.
I think I broke the rating bar by accident.
I'll fix it later.
When I changed over the when I added that five star thing
and I must have fucked with how that bar works.
I don't care.
That's fair.
Um all right let's do a couple more.
I have to expedite things now because of this credit card fraud.
Could just be a page voyage into cultural appropriation
but it didn't fit on the box.
The cultural appropriation adventure set?
Now that's a set that could sell.
Yeah maybe.
Riosuke Kiyasu live in Luxembourg.
Is this music?
Let's find out.
Can the gorilla play that?
I don't know gorilla can you play that?
I don't think he can.
Oh I can't really play anything on a keyboard.
If you're good enough.
Which he is.
Way to go gorilla.
He only heard that once.
I don't know if I would I I don't know if I'd love listening to that but
on some level I kind of appreciate
that's the thing.
I don't really get it.
I don't really get why it is or what it is.
But I'm not mad at it weirdly.
I'm kind of mad at it but why?
I don't know.
What?
You can just do that?
Yeah I only gotta let him do his thing.
Don't be a hater let him do his thing Peter.
I just don't like his thing.
Yes noise rock.
But it feels just just flailing around to you.
To the uneducated.
Wall-dweller.
AVCP-33 thank you so much for the sub.
Should I force myself to listen to it?
No you have to be honest about what you like Peter.
Well I am.
But you can't also get yuck other people's.
Noise rock.
Rhythm is for plebeians.
He's playing the notes between the notes.
Between the notes.
Oh my god that's so many levels between the notes.
Your favorite part is when he's stuck
the microphone under the drum,
laid his face on it and breathed heavily
while scooting the table across the floor.
If you're not doing that with your drum
are you even playing the drums?
I'm not questioning everything.
And that's what good art does Peter.
You've been arted.
Oh.
Layers.
Music is like an onion.
It tastes bad and it doesn't make good noises.
Here's King Charles.
Here's King Charles.
Seems pretty real.
Maybe his security is just from the carousel of progress.
Yeah you never know.
We're back on the carousel of progress.
What did I do to this bar?
It's only bothering you, Casey.
Let it go.
Why does it do that?
They were hurrying through the crowd
because the guy's super glued his fingers together.
Yeah maybe Prince Charles is just really considerate.
Maybe Melody Von Torture has it exactly right.
He's trying to play it cool so he doesn't embarrass
his security card but he glued it together
while making him macaroni art.
That's the mark of good security
when they're not afraid to make macaroni art.
Exactly.
Exactly.
Perfect 5 out of 10.
That's a pretty...
That's a good contender for 5 out of 10.
Okay we only have time for one more.
We can only do one more.
Whoa what the hell's happening here?
Let's end with a fight.
It's fight time.
Whoa what the hell is he eating?
Was that supposed to be a two time speed?
I don't know but I'm not mad that it was.
It made the action even more intense.
Oh yeah ratings.
Oh yeah I forgot to say but mods.
Explamation point star if you ever want to.
That's how you pull up the other one.
How you pull up the star rating system.
Good to know because I'm a mod.
Actually no you're banned actually.
You're banned from my chat Peter.
But I'm on the show.
Yeah but you're not a mod you're banned.
Okay I accept it.
Justice for Peter.
Thank you.
I think the injustice is literally written on your face.
Because of how your face looks.
So unnecessarily mean.
Ultra!
Ultra!
Can we dual wield rating systems?
Like what happens if I pull up both?
Oh no I...
Disables...
Disables Flash Pulse.
Like Flash Pulse, Disable ratings, Disable the star things.
You can only ever have one at a time.
Unless my streamer bot decides what doesn't want to work right.
Which is possible.
Be careful case this is how I tell my rats what to do.
I have become their king.
Just warning you can only be so mean to me before I might have to fight back.
Do not sick your rats on me.
Don't make me treat me with respect.
But you can't do it.
Psh you just said something very offensive to my rats.
You're gonna pitch them off.
I will do the rat stuff.
That's Tim's thing.
Well if he's not doing it then who will?
He never does the rat stuff.
He'll do the rat stuff.
When?
When he's an artist he has to move at his own pace.
Okay that's...
Yeah we're ending on the kung fu one.
Okay.
A rat king is just a bunch of rats.
So Peter is just a bunch of rats in a rubber mask?
I wish.
Sometimes I wish I could be one with them.
But that's all the time we have.
Okay.
Just know I wish I could be one with the rats.
It's not a crazy thing to say.
That's the crazy thing to say.
It's not that crazy if you think about it.
Woo we're going in.
That's right.
No one talking to me yet.
Who's there?
Nobody's there yet.
Hello?
Nobody.
Hey you there?
That's because I need you to send me your exclamation point trip opening on.
How you send it to me is exactly like I just said in the sense that it's the first word.
That I just said exclamation point trip followed by a message.
Will send me a fresh opinion.
I will then locate that opinion on these streets.
Expertly ordain who has your exact wording.
And talk to them before your very eyes.
If it doesn't make sense just keep watching and it still won't.
But do send me an opinion exclamation point trip is how you do it.
MSG thank you so much for hanging out.
Anytime you gotta go that's okay.
You can't wait until the super special post fraud special edition show.
That's that check better still clear case.
I don't care what kind of people have stolen your account numbers.
Trippy B demands his payment.
I keep all my checks buried under my bush.
And I never know if I'll have to use them.
Woo that's bright out today.
Don't worry if I don't get any opinions I'll fix my hair.
Can't force the opinions.
Sometimes you just gotta check out how you look.
I really got his hair locked in.
Oh yeah you still got a trip.
Oh thank you thank you.
Nobody to talk to today that's so sad.
There was nobody there.
Okay.
Let me see who's out here to talk to me.
All right you there you've got an opinion for me I am still Trippy B.
What the heck I've brought the darkness with me.
Okay who are you.
I trip mountain man Mike here reporting about the Sasquatch shoving UFO war.
What I've acquired alien cloaking technology which is why I'm currently invisible.
Isn't that cool.
Should I tell him.
Isn't that cool trip.
Yes it's cool.
Cool huh.
Yes.
We can't find any Sasquatches though so they might have found it too.
What was that.
It's one of my breath attacks.
I just gave you a 25 25 health buff.
You're supposed to be Scottish.
I'm a mountain man.
Okay.
Well congratulations on your cloaking technology.
I'd be careful.
Some people can still sense you even if visually you're invisible.
Can't see me at all.
Of course.
Yep.
Honestly you do have some effects going on around you so something's happening.
That's the dark spirit I'm running from.
Okay well thanks mountain man Mike.
I'll keep an eye out for you but good luck with that because you're so invisible.
Thank you very much Tripp.
I'm glad it's working.
It's becoming less Scottish by the second damn it.
Okay.
He did bring the snow with him.
Should I have let him know I could see him?
Maybe I was just imagining him and I couldn't really see him.
It's possible.
I don't claim to know how my own mind works.
I guess you there you want to talk to me I'm Trippie B.
Big fan.
Question.
Why don't you love him Tarot?
It's not that I don't love him.
Why do you love him Tarot?
If you're saying it's not that you don't love him.
It's not that I don't.
I don't have to love.
I don't have to be an enemy of something to not love it.
You know just because I'm not in love with him Tarot doesn't mean I hate him Tarot.
Where should him trip?
What?
Ham Tarot.
Ham Tarot.
Where is it?
Where should him?
Where should him trip?
See that's the problem it's all or nothing with you Hamster.
Ham Tarot.
Ham Tarot.
Ham Tarot.
Ham Tarot.
Where should him trip?
Where should him?
Where should he have trip?
Where should he have trip?
I'm fine with him Tarot.
Where chill?
Love is just a strong word I take it seriously.
Found this big mug full of pond water I've been drinking it all day.
And I feel good.
Who else wants to talk to me?
Oh boy.
Do it Miss Dewi!
Miss me Butterball?
Boy what happened to you this time?
What do you mean I look as good as ever?
Jesus.
Guess what?
I banned myself from Starbucks.
Big news.
Okay.
I did it recently and I blame it on you.
So you're banned.
That's the headline trip.
Are you made to me banned myself from Starbucks?
So get the fuck out of here.
How explain how I influence that even at all?
You.
I think here's what happened.
I was thinking I could use it pick me up this morning.
I could use the coffee.
So I went to Starbucks.
While on the way to Starbucks I was like isn't wanting to pick me up an opinion?
What?
Which made me think of you.
And then I said I'm banning myself from having the opinion that I want to go to Starbucks.
Because I don't want to play into your hand anymore.
I'm done with you ruling my life.
I don't even talk to you outside of these interactions.
And that thus you forced me you forced my mind and to ban myself from Starbucks and
vis-a-vis the law of
Play-Dohs Cave
Your banned.
You have to admit what you just said makes no sense.
Nope it well it probably makes sense to someone banned like you.
Okay fine I'm banned.
I accept.
Good.
Is that all I had to do?
Is that all it took?
Jesus.
Alright.
I'm gonna assume he's gone forever.
And that I satisfied him?
Not in a not in not in an untoward way.
Okay.
Yes you there.
I'm
uh Trippy B.
What you?
One second everybody.
For some reason this thing isn't cooperating.
Okay okay okay.
There we go yes you there I'm Trippy B you want to talk to me?
Hey uh ping balls here.
Sorry ping balls here uh what's the first thing you'd buy if you had case's credit card number?
I've been bouncing all around wondering this.
Mine would be another loving puffy bear a second one.
He's I don't know when he's gonna get that first one.
I'm a big fan of you Tripp.
Okay fair question I guess.
Which would it be Tripp?
What would you what would you get?
Um.
His credit I feel like I should just give it back to him.
Three pointer.
Come on have a little wild side trip.
Um I guess a gun.
Whoa what?
Well I just I'm out here in the park I don't have a gun.
I can't go in a store to buy one.
But maybe with case's credit card number.
I could I could get it delivered to his address.
And then maybe if I snuck up and I took it off his front door well then I'd have a gun.
That's a little less fun than I was hoping Tripp.
Well I just worst case scenario might be good for me to be strapped.
Geez they deliver guns to the there are guns in the park but I want to I want like a cool gun.
What?
I kind of want like a not like a movie quality prop gun but that fires real bullets.
Like um movie we're talking about Robert Rodriguez.
I want the gold guns from Once Upon a Time in Mexico.
I don't even know if that movie had gold guns.
Well you know whatever that kind of thing.
That'd be so cool.
Geez I didn't know that you like guns.
Love guns.
Not a lot of people know that about me.
Oh man okay well I'm still a big fan then okay I would get the puffy bear though.
Ask the armorer from Rust.
Ooh Alec Baldwin's gun.
Maybe not maybe that's a little maybe that's maybe that's a poor taste.
Do you think it's for sale?
I shouldn't and I don't have case is credit card number so how would I even get it?
Okay.
All right who else wants to talk to me?
Still Trippiebee.
What the heck?
Yes you there?
You want to talk to me?
What the hell is?
Okay.
But the hair is sexy but have you tried rubbing a banana into it?
Trippie.
Wouldn't that kill you?
Oh what a way to go.
You want to see what happens when you peel me biggie pee?
Is that good for my hair?
Good for my hair miss?
Pairness?
I was trying to think of a fruit way to say penis and I came up with pairness
but then I realized that's not very good because I'm a banana.
You're already penis like you're used as a penis prop all the time.
Anyway will you sacrifice me into your hair?
I don't want to kill you banana you seem like a nice enough banana.
I'm not I've done things.
I've been through a lot of monkeys.
What?
Yeah.
I convince them to love me.
I get them to want to eat me and then I call children.
I've broken a lot of monkey hearts and I've time not paid the price.
Rub me in your hair Trippie.
How does that even work?
A monkey just eats you.
Not the way I do it.
I'll make them love me and then I'll leave them.
I don't know what's wrong with me.
I'm broken Trippie.
I've hurt a lot of good monkeys and I think it's time that I was punished.
By you rather than me in your hair.
Okay just I'm gonna pass you'll have to find someone else.
Please kill me Trippie.
No no banana I refuse.
Oh no.
Think of how many more monkey hearts I'll break.
I don't even understand the process by which you're breaking their hearts.
I tried I tried I tried to spare the world big fan.
Sponacci thank you so much for the raid.
I hope you had a beautiful stream.
You've never seen me before my name's Tripp Bradstein.
I live on this street where I interview people that have been sent to me by chat.
Is probably the simplest way to put it.
And currently I'm interviewing whoever's next.
Whoever's next.
Oh Sponacci thanks again for the raid.
I hope you had a beautiful day.
Let's see who else wants to talk to me.
Um okay looks like someone's approaching.
Good to see everybody.
I'm Grand Man.
Hey chief it's uh it's you know me it's it's the Grand Man.
You look very different.
Who's this beautiful queen with the snow hair.
It's Tripp Bradstein.
I'm Grand Man.
Just if if this is your first time seeing the stream.
This isn't always a thing.
This guy is not always here but I'd like to be.
I'd love to be a recurring guy.
I mean I've already worked here for months.
I'm Grand Man.
Again again this is a confusing entry point into the stream.
I swear to god this stream is not about talking to Grand Man.
Well I mean I'm a big I'm a part of the team.
I just I feel like I'm underutilized.
He's not he's not the number one.
Don't listen to chat anyone new.
If anyone new has managed to stick with me this long.
I swear to god.
Grand Man is not a big part of this stream.
Oh man that hurts because I do so much work for the stream.
I'm here you know the Grand Man.
You got that chief?
I what yes what's greasy with you.
You ready to be pale?
I'm just interviewing people on the street about their opinions Grand Man.
I help case do his taxes.
Okay I'm more about opinions than things you do.
What's your opinion on appropriate tax code?
Oh boy just whatever the government thinks.
Come on Grand Man give me something.
Don't you have any opinions on what you think of those workout videos from earlier?
Didn't see him.
Too busy working.
Okay he's put on a different outfit.
Do you like fashion?
Nope this is the only these are the only clothes I own.
Grand Man you got an opinion.
You got to give me a thought or a feeling.
Hard work.
Okay thanks Grand Man.
Thank you for being here.
Thanks for being the first thing the people that rated this stream saw.
Happy to help.
Happy to help anyone new.
Understand what this stream is.
It's this.
There's so many opinions to get through.
Okay yes you there.
What do you want?
I think yeah you stole your credit card.
Oh I'm not case.
I got that a lot.
I'm a very different looking guy.
Ah shit okay.
Then I can help clear that up.
Okay who else wants to talk to me?
Who's this little guy?
Yes you there.
Hey I'm...
Hey I'm uh...
Hanky B. Panky.
Okay.
I don't appreciate making all these sexless porn movies.
How old are you?
Old enough.
I was on X videos just minding my own business
and I saw Jackie Chan in a thumbnail.
We've all been there right?
I guess.
I clicked on it and it was something called Shanghai Noon.
Let me tell you no sex anywhere.
Isn't that the one where Selma Hayek shows her butt?
No that's that's Wild Wild West.
This was no sex anywhere.
You're gonna have to trust me.
And there was a buttload more.
Okay Howard the Duck.
The Machinist.
Collateral damage.
A whole buttload of sexless porn movies.
And not one called buttload.
Which need I remind you is what I searched.
I don't think you said that's what you searched.
Well how and who would want to put porn movies on a porn site
that you couldn't watch with your genitals out?
I'm just here to ask questions.
And I heard you're the guy with the answers.
Oh well I know I just prod I just prod conversations.
In unique directions.
Okay okay like one of those words.
Directions.
Unique.
Nope.
I know.
Prod.
Are you something I can click on?
Because I'm clicking.
Click click click click.
Hanky B. Panky.
What are you into?
Full frontal.
Legs out.
Buts out.
A lot of stomach showing.
I'd love to see all the way up the arms.
Talking nudes.
And maybe full sex.
It doesn't have to be in that order but come on we could do better than this.
I think I've said my piece.
Thank you for hearing me out.
You're a reasonable man.
Big fan.
Okay I just gotta keep going.
I have no choice.
Yes you there.
Adam.
Best sexless porn movie.
I love this discussion.
Whoa.
Hey Tripp it's me.
Your bush neighbor.
Sketchy Joe.
I recognize you Joe.
I was just wondering if you're looking for weed.
Vote now.
There's a lot happening right now Sketchy Joe.
Well look I'm just wondering if you're looking for weed because I'm looking for weed as well.
Are we talking about the best sexless porn movie or weed?
We could probably juggle both.
Best sexless porn movie.
Lion King, Caligula.
Freddy didn't get fingered.
Cool running.
Schindler's List.
I know the last one's a little extreme but it is a quality film.
It's not porn.
It's not Sketchy Joe.
Sketchy Joe doesn't judge.
You know this about me.
It's what I whisper into your bush at night.
I know and I hear it.
I know you do.
Schindler's List 1.
I don't know how I feel about that.
Sketchy Joe don't judge.
Sketchy Joe you've brought the darkness with you again.
Yes.
Look I'm looking for weed man.
Do you know it's dry out here in these streets for some reason?
Like all the dealers just disappeared.
That might have been on me.
I get into fights with various entities and sometimes I banish people I don't mean to.
Caligula shouldn't be on that list.
Well what if it's the all rated theatrical censored release?
Then I think it deserves a spot.
That's a fair point Sketchy Joe.
Could I ask you this?
Could you maybe not whisper into my bush tonight?
I'm having really strange dreams.
That's part of the whispers.
They're meant to do that.
I understand but I would just love it if maybe I didn't dream of
an infinite kaleidoscopic vision of your of your faces fading into eternity.
You sure?
It's really good for your REM cycle.
I just maybe not.
I'll whisper quieter.
That's more unsettling.
I'll be really quiet.
You'll barely be able to hear me trip.
Big fan.
Is it on me for living in this park?
Some could say I invited on myself but...
Problem is Sketchy Joe's kind of a cool dude sometimes.
And it's really hard to find a good hang in this park.
Okay.
I'm seeing whatever.
Just come here and talk to me.
Hey, it's ya boy the underground pyramid.
Yo, what's up?
Hello?
Yo, I'm the one who stole Casey's credit card.
I thought I already found that guy.
No, between me.
I got your credit card information.
You didn't think a pyramid knew how to use the internet and access back records.
I'm coming for you next trip.
What's your bush's social security number?
You know what?
Don't tell me I'll find them myself.
That's the pyramid out!
These scammers are getting more aggressive every day.
I didn't even have time to ascertain him.
Okay.
Let's see who else is out here to talk to me.
I'm Trippie B.
All right, yes you there.
Oh, uh-oh.
Yes, officer?
Have you seen a weirdo who bans people for his own misfortunes?
Um, yes.
I'm here to arrest Rob Alvey.
If you have any information on the suspect.
Really?
Finally.
Yes, I have.
I haven't really called the cops, but I've screamed into the air.
Police, I summon you!
And I'm glad it finally worked.
Yeah, well, you have to do it about 20 times before the god of police answers your call.
I knew if I kept believing in the police, eventually you'd come to help me.
That's how the cops work.
Yep, you gotta have faith in us like a deity.
And eventually, if you've earned it, we'll answer one wish.
Hey, ACAB, no more from me, because you're here to have my back.
Actually, I gotta go.
I got a different call.
That was your shot.
You blew it.
What?
How do I gotta pray to the god of police for another three years?
All right.
Just don't get back on that.
All right.
Uh, yeah.
Let's see who else is out here.
What the hell is going on here?
Oh boy.
Excuse me, sir.
Have you seen my giant mug full of ayahuasca and mescaline?
Um, are you sure you don't have it on you?
The mixture looks, smells, and tastes like pond water.
So I'd hate if anyone, you know, someone threw it away.
That's literally the worst thing that could happen.
It would be such a waste.
Don't judge the music trip, man.
Don't judge the music.
Let it come to you.
I haven't seen your mug.
Oh, okay.
That's good, because there's no telling.
There's no telling what it could do to you.
Why?
Okay, see ya.
Bye.
Uh-huh.
Skibbity bop, skibbity bop.
Yeah.
I guess maybe the music was actually pretty good.
Not what I think about.
Okay, yes, you there.
You want to talk to me?
I'm Trippy B.
Uh, hey there, chief.
Hey, Tripp, it's me, Tony Hawk.
Um, watch me do a kick flip.
Boom, I just did one.
Did you see that trip?
It was rad.
It was rad as fuck, right?
I'm Tony, I'm Tony Hawk.
Okay, hello, Tony.
Quick play police truck by the dead Kennedys while I shred.
Do it, Tripp.
Do it, well, what about the copyright?
I'll pull it up on my goddamn phone trip.
I'll pull it up on my goddamn phone if I have to.
I didn't realize we were, uh,
I didn't realize we were in a fascist state here.
I thought maybe you're ready to have some fun.
I thought the state of the park was freedom, dog.
Watch me shred.
You can't see it.
Can the camera, can the camera, can the camera down?
I can't, it's on a, it's on a tripod that doesn't move.
Come on, pan it down, man.
I'm going great.
I'm doing kickflips like,
I'm doing kickflips the way I like depends on it, man.
I'm kicking these flips like,
I'm kicking these flips like, uh,
like my legs are, are Bruce Lee.
Yes.
Yes.
We're not seeing anything.
I'm really focusing so I can nail this next kickflip.
Stop it, Tony.
We can't see.
Look down, Tripp.
At least you can see.
Oh my God, he really is.
He's shredding so hard.
That's it.
That's all the time we have.
I saw in another dimension, man.
Crazy.
Thought the whisper of a powerful spectral spirit out here.
Okay.
I need to keep moving.
Okay.
Oh, there is some stuff out here today.
What can I say?
Uh, yes, you there.
Oh boy.
No, you can't be.
You're gone.
You left.
What do you want from me?
I'm Trippy B.
A loop.
A deal loop.
A twisty we.
Yes, I know.
What are you doing?
I thought we agreed.
I got your card now that you're banned.
We have you surrounded.
It's the police.
You're not the police.
You'll never take me to jail.
You're all banned cops.
Which side of the conversation are you on?
Rob, let's really quickly hone in on the type of role
player trying to do.
Look, I'm the cops and you've got me surrounded and all of you are banned.
This is the police and you'll never get me.
Rob, you can't be both sides of the thing you're doing.
I, you're under arrest for arresting me police that I, and I'll be the chief today.
Haha, you're banned and you'll never take me alive.
I've got you in handcuffs.
I'm running from the police that I am.
God damn it.
A bonus salad.
Thank you so much for the 16 months.
Boy, we've really, we're really loaded up today.
I gotta hurry because I gotta go to a park open mic.
Just an open mic in the park.
Uh, yes, you there.
Oh, great.
It's one of these guys.
Uh, what do you want?
Casson G on the topic of the Church of Hamtaro responsibility for the underground alien civilization.
I'll sell Hamtaro just a quick question for me, bye-bye.
Sure.
To answer your, to answer your question, even though you didn't wait.
Uh, um, all right.
Just two more to get through today.
I'd hit the button to stop pause the opinions, but it breaks everything.
So I can't, I gotta fix that at some point.
Um, yes, uh, you there.
What do you, hello, hello, yes.
You need to trim your bush.
Have you considered that?
Um, isn't that sort of the park and recreation department's responsibility?
Whoa.
What the hell?
Two appearances, heart train appearances.
A two-hide stop at the hype train always on top.
Boom.
The whiplash sequel is kind of weird.
That's true.
I was just talking to a little creature.
And you still are.
I'm really far away from you though, because I'm the full-size train.
Yeah, you're all the way over there.
Yep, I'm not gonna get any closer than this.
Off in the distance.
Okay, well, thanks for being here, hype train.
But I'm gonna move on.
I'm gonna be here.
200 bits of Uncle Phil's UK.
300 bits from Skimer.
Listen up, Jack.
Yes.
This is Cumber Just, my Majan, 300 shiny tasty coins, and I've been dying to say this.
F*** he is, my boy, hype train.
I'm using my contacts to track down this car, but...
Thank you, Mr. President, because I need the money that gets sent to case to be fed to me via his credit card.
Whoa, I popped it off.
Uncle Phil's UK, thank you so much for the extra 100 bits.
Loading it, sir.
Driving this jog insane today.
All right, I'll see you soon, hype train.
I'll be...
All right, this is the last opinion of the day.
Too much music, sorry.
Another opinion, I'll never finish these opinions.
Okay, um...
What the hell?
The God of Police.
Doesn't like the dead Kennedys.
Are you the God of Police?
I've been asking you to come deal with Rob Elgge for months.
No, don't walk away.
I'm walking away from you.
All right, all right.
Just see if we can round it out today.
One of these hype music plays.
That was Rob.
Was that Rob, wasn't it?
No, that was the God of Police.
I'm gonna get him.
Also apologies for the whole police summon rule thing.
I don't like this red tape any more than you, but I've got no choice.
We've got to work within the system otherwise why do we have a society at all?
I don't really like to hear that, but...
You have to worship the God of Police and cry out in earnest for him 20 times, or my hands are tied.
Are you gonna go get Rob or not?
Also that wasn't Rob, that was the God of Police.
Wait, which one?
Okay, Rob is the one with the mushed up face that's constantly changing.
Okay.
And the God of Police is the one with the sirens on his head.
Okay, but...
What else?
What else about them?
What?
One's got a really mushed up face.
It morphs.
He looks inhuman.
The other one has active police sirens on its head and is your supposed God?
Okay, but any other details you can give me?
They're both the exact same height.
They both have white hair.
Okay, and...
What else do you need to know?
They're both in this exact jacket but blue?
Okay, but...
They're white guys?
Really?
You're sure?
Never mind.
Not interested.
I've...
Get out of here, police.
What did I do?
You know what you did!
You'll be back.
You'll be back.
Hello, Pupina.
It's good to see that you're doing well.
That's all the time we have for the day.
I think Kay says to get out of here.
Go get the police, Panther.
Go get that policeman.
I don't know if he's actually a cop.
I don't know if I trust him anymore.
Let's see.
I'm just gonna raid straight out of here.
We'll have to do this guy and this guy tomorrow.
In the meantime,
we'll send you the way of Ricky Peacock.
Or Peacocking.
Okay.
Case is in my ear.
They're giving me an earful about I was gonna be late,
so I guess I'll hurry it up.
Nobody's ever meant to talk to him anymore, anyway.
I thank you so much.
Going to the park open mic should be good.
Just a unplugged in mic in the middle of some grass.
Who knows what'll happen.
No active power source.
Just some people in the park holding.
Well, let's be real.
It's a stick.
It's a stick with an acorn on it.
But that's all you really need if you want to do live comedy.
Okay.
Bye-bye, everybody.
We'll see you soon.
Say hi to Ricky for me and have a beautiful day.
Trip definitely found the drug mug.