Hello everyone, we're back in the newsroom
Kendall has something to say to me
She they wish she wants to ask you something straight off the bat
Good to see you all. What's up Kendall? Is anyone a basketball player person?
Okay, if you are
The who what is the name of a basketball player who's really good and it sounds like Yanis
Yanis
If you don't tell Kendall she's gonna phase out of existence. There's also I'm looking for a second one
Yo kitch yo yo kitch
The Greek guy wait, how do you spell it wait? Do you actually know?
Oh
With a G. Oh my god, okay. Does anyone know yo kitch yo kitch
I think that's spelled with a J. I'm assuming I think it there's like a guy
Yo, okay. Yeah, okay. If that's see if that's that because I'm wanting
It's our work
I need to take a picture of the Giannis
Giannis, is that how you say his name? Giannis
Yo kivic. Yeah, that's what I thought too. No, they're not saying yo kovic
These podcasters are just straight saying yo kitch. I swear to god. Kendall has to listen to podcasts
I don't know anything about sport
And I also don't so I'm really not much use
We have become google destroyer of trivia. I think it's just that because she's listening to audio
She doesn't even know what to google
And then she just keeps looking at me and over and being like yannick
And I'm like what?
Okay, I'm listening to this podcast about basketball players and they're like, who do you think's the top 10 basketball players of all time?
and then they go
luka
yannis
yo kitch
Blah blah blah like they just keep saying all these names. I don't know
Center for the Denver Nuggets. Nicola. Yo, yo, kitch. Yo, kitch. Would you say he's really good?
Yo kitch was in the movie
Okay, so I'm trying to listen to this podcast on on speed like extra speed
But I'm not clocking anything. They're saying about basketball. So I have to go back to normal speed because I just I
I don't understand what they're saying
I think you got it. I think they've already told you. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's yo kitch. Okay
Thank you
I mean, I'm assuming that they're right. They should know better than me
Someone is likely to know better than me. They call yo kitch the joker
The joker who knew
Anyway, uh, this is no sports stream about me learning what anything about sports is
Maybe I'll just try that. It's good to see everybody though. Reverie wolf, travis gog, lady
All the tricks every single trick matt ladel. Good to see us a breechy of course
The master mod skimer j money bundle sprout greg to you
Live and sleazy the other master mod
The best mod in the business is both of them
The two best I got them both lady all the tricks
It's so good to see you. All right. What's going on today?
Um
Call for an expert. Oh and I have to go to the movies too
Oh my god, it's all happening at once the satellites over my face
The subs are pouring in this is a crazy start
To the stream
Uh tamtran, thank you so much always pouring it on my friend tim set this sub goal that you can see above me
Meeting that in uh 26 short more subs. I have to I have to do a messy wing stream
I think we're likely to probably hit that goal at some point this week
So at some point this week, I'll be eating messy wings on stream
Which given the amount of equipment in front of me is higher risk than you'd think
Um, I guess I'll just have to sit way back
Way back in the studio
homemade or takeout
Oh, I could make them myself
Then I can make them as messy as I want
It could also be as lube chef. I guess I could make the wings
and then
eat them
To really milk all the content possible out of it
And if I'm making stuff, I I guess I I could bring in lube chef
I guess I could bring him I guess I could bring in the classics
Like the classic
lube chef
You guys remember
Lou you guys
You guys remember lube chef
I could bring in
I could bring in lube chef
You know lube chef
I could bring him in
Just saying
anyway
Uh, what's going on? We need a lube chef emo. Oh, yeah, I don't even have one. I should update my emotes
It's been a while some of our newest uh news folks don't even have their own emotes, which I'm assuming is upsetting
Oh great. It is upsetting. I've been sitting next to him the whole time getting upset
I am of course your number one news guy here
Newsman you could even say
Jeff ripple, it's me. I'm sure you miss me. Don't worry
I'm not going anywhere
I'll be here to chat. It's your favorite. No
It should it should have been me
Jeff ripple
Everybody loves this guy. That's me
This thing is right over the headlines right over my mouth case. Why even zoom?
Anyway, are we supposed to talk about a new lily on is the favorite? I'm nobody's favorite
Well, you shouldn't call for being the favorite man. You can't control that
I'll force them to like me one way or another. You'll see I'm the best one
why I
read
You do read as good as many of them
Speedrun the partner approval process. I did apply for partner. What what's that mean?
You're trying to get up. You're trying to find a romantic dalliance and you applied
No, it's a twitch thing you apply for partner. We need the lily on a emote first
I've seen jeff shorts ripple. It's my favorite
You you finally did something constructive for the stream. What do you mean? I've I've built so many assets for the stream
That's literal construction
I would argue
Hmm, all right
I guess you guess I guess all right
What makes you think you can just apply for partner after fiona's whole ordeal?
I mean, probably hopefully they'll reject me if there's any justice. I don't know why they would accept me and reject fiona
Well, because I'm here. They're gonna take one look at your most recent stream
See that senior newsman jeff ripple is it's actually senior news mouth. Well, it should be man
They're gonna see a white man and give it to you
Fingers crossed
If all it takes is to be a white man
I would argue. I'm I'm covering both of those categories white and male
Is that something you're proud of? No
But I will take I'll take whatever credibility that gives me
Well, not much except with other white guys
Yeah, but that's historically really worked out for us
All right fine. Um
They love denying partner applications. Well then your fucked case
Jeff, I don't need I don't need every co-anchor here coming after me
Is that for a psych or did somebody raid? Did you miss it? Did you miss a whole raid? Look, we got to think
um
commander gab
For the tier one sub for 11 months
Why is this?
Oh, we've got to think skimer for the 100 bits
Um
A hype train just started
What who says who I don't even see it. Oh, it's complete at level two. You missed the hype train completely. I think you missed the hype train
Fine. All right. Uh tamtran basically. Thank you tamtran. Thank you and to daddy
Uh who just sub I saw it coming from a mile away
My spider sense was tingling and my news bits were tingling and I said I'm seeing it
And it was in fact. Whoa. It was in fact here
The news
Okay, uh, thank you all so much seriously and to daddy. Uh skimer commander gab, um
And of course tamtran
The the train of subs from the tam
tram
Yeah
Anyway, did you want to talk about a news thing?
Jeff, is that a thing you wanted to do? Well ai is back in the new have you heard about artificial intelligence?
You have you heard it's been making waves
Yeah, for uh for a bit. Well, the waves are the waves are going crazy lately
Because apparently they're coming for you and me case mostly me because I'm an actual news guy and you're sort of a fucking joke
Fine, so I've I out of concern for my fellow junior lists
What you're a new list
It's not pronouncing pronouncing it better if you just add all of the vowels in
Journalists
It's a traditional american pronunciation if you include every vowel
Okay, well, anyway out of concern for them. I want to cover this apparently sports illustrated has been
Using artificial writers
Totally fake news people. Can you imagine?
Yes
Well, anyway, if you're imagining it, I'm sure you're
You're terrified not even for the swimsuit magazine
For the hard news. Well the hard dirt. Well the less hard in some context for news
Ladies and swimsuits is news is news is sports news
According to that magazine. Hmm
Well, anywho look at this sports illustrated published articles by fake. I
Ow, see I'm a real newsman. So I spank myself when I mess up
Fake ai generated writers. We asked them about it and they deleted everything
They got caught red-handed and then they washed their hands off and they said look the hands are so clean
But we saw them dirty
Okay
Only in february for some reason
february
There was nothing in drew or its his autobiography at sports illustrated to suggest that he was anything other than human
Drew has spent much of his life outdoors and is excited to guide you through its his
It's a bit my tongue never ending list of best products to keep you from falling to the perils of nature
Nowadays, there is rarely a weekend that goes by where drew is an out camping hiking
Or just back on his parents farm so far all relatable stuff that I would write
That's is that an accurate bio for you. I'm all american. This is exactly the kind of thing people would say about me
He's outdoors. He is sports. He has parents
But it turns out it's more insidious than you'd think
The only problem outside of sports illustrated drew or its doesn't seem to exist
Troubling indeed
His profile photo on sports illustrated is for sale on a website that sells ai generated headshots where he's described as
neutral white young adult male with short brown hair and blue eyes
Stuff I can relate to besides being a totally natural
And sexual dirty blonde
Yeah, nothing neutral about you jeth except my news coverage, which is straight down the line
No bias here any who look at this fake motherfucker
And I don't like to curse
But this enrages me look at look at this
Some fake white guy with a beard
That's horrible
Um
He has a real white guy with a beard. Yeah, he's really he's really getting in our lane
Uh
Look at him. He's covered
He's covered in
In the little don't don't steal me off of google images stuff
That's how fake he is. He's got watermarks naturally burned into him. Well, it's because he it's a fake ai generated image
Oh my god
Even the image is fake
Well, you could just use a stock model. But yeah, it's probably a bunch of reprocessed stock model images spat a neutral white male
He's a he's the neutralist of white males
I don't think I've heard your you swear before jeff. I'm just so upset today. I know it's unprofessional, but the whole our whole
The whole game is at risk the whole journalism game
Is being threatened by artificial intelligence
I feel like you're usually why are you pronouncing stuff so weird?
I'm just pronouncing the traditional american pronunciation of every word at 100 accuracy something
I challenge any ai to compete with smells like robots and the smell stinks
Like phosphorus and methane pouring out of a robot's sweat hole
Do they sweat chemicals like that? Why would a robot have a sweat hole to make them more realistic?
I'm getting heated and I'm sorry to be so unprofessional
Wait, not cases. They should make an entire ai sport for this guy to cover
Oh my god, it could be a completely fake game
with fake results
Melgomated by an artificial intelligence
There is no game. There are no players and yet there are scores and so I'm intrigued
Bill Stern has been barely informed for 13 months
It's longer than that Bill. That's been real. You've never known a fucking thing in your life. Hey, don't be mean to my good friend, Bill
Bill you've never known a thing ever and that should read
Probably 30 plus years totally uninformed bill stern
You're just absolutely roasting bill for no reason. I have it on good authority as a newsman that he doesn't know shit
I'm so sorry bill. Bill's one of my best friends. That's so fucked up
I just am reporting the facts
Jeff needs to go to therapy. I'm being a good boy
Am I being that you're being a little bad today and I'm offending my friend my friend bill
Sorry, I'm turned up because of all of this troubling news about artificial intelligence
Just the idea of a fake newsman
It variates me
The ai author's writing often sounds like it was written by an alien. Thank god
Although what if it's a smart alien? It's probably not
If it's an alien and it made it to earth and now it's symbiotically pretending to be us
It sounds smart to me according to a second person involved in the creation of the uh sports illustrated content
Who also asked to be kept anonymous?
But i'll find them that's because it's not just the author's headshots that are ai generated at least some of the articles themselves
Were written by an ai as well
How is that even possible that's been news for so long jeff the ai
In writing generation stuff, you know this
I don't know anything that I don't cover
And I've refused to talk about ai because it's gonna take our it's gonna take our kids. What?
It's sooner than later an ai parent will be a better daddy than you
And I don't have kids, but if I did the last thing I want is some fucking robot demanding
Elimony from me you're making so many assumptions. What are you married to the robot now?
Maybe if my if an ai wife is even better than
The real deal i marry a robot then a robot shows up to my house to raise my robot kids and demands child support from me
While it's taking my journalism job all of the the whole house of cards is crumbling
You're getting really worked up. Just read the article. I bet it's not that good
Says the man who probably can't even write
Like bill bill turn it's bill stern
Oh
Sorry, I thought I was thinking your name was bill turn and I knew a bill turn in high school. That was just a fucking idiot
Jeff I rely on you to add a little credibility to this network and you're being crazy today
I've I it's just I don't where's the line anymore if robots can do my job. Where's the line?
Today an article was published alleging sports illustrated published ai generated articles according to our investigation
That's not accurate. Oh, they're denying it. The articles in question were product reviews and were license content for an external third party
I'm getting so upset. I can't even pronounce words
third-party company
advon commerce
A number of advons e-commerce articles ran on certain arena websites
We continually monitor our partners and we're in the midst of a review when these allegations were raised. Well, where's the article?
I want to see it
Oh my god, now there's beautiful women that are computers
Uh, this may be a made-up concern, but to be safe. Let's get daily wire to make a movie about it real quick
I'm sure they will
A made-up concern does this
Babe look made up. Oh fuck. She is because she's got the watermarks
Sora has always been a fitness guru and loves to try different foods and drinks so far. She's just so
There's just a natural beauty to her writing
That's exactly the kind of hinge profile I fall in love with
That they like to that's every inch profile. Jeff food and drinks. They like food and drinks. That's everybody
You you just haven't fallen in love before you've never met a girl that really loves food and drinks
And she likes sports
She is fond of varying her workouts and believes everyone should participate in some sort of physical or mental activity at least
Thrice three times per week thrice per week
She's doing a workout or thinking
That's at least two more than me
You only do you only think once a week if I can if I have the choice
Miss Tanaka is thrilled to bring her fitness and nutrition expert to the product reviews team and promises to bring you nothing
But the best of the best, but she but what's the worst of the worst? She's not even real
Even though I just fell in love
And now I'm heartbroken
You fell in love with that bio. How could I not she's a dream woman?
But unfortunately literally a dream woman or a nightmare woman because she's a computer
Tanaka didn't last either. She also disappeared into the ether of evil robots
Replaced by yet another profile that carried no headshot at all. They're eliminating even the faintest hint of humanity
Where's an article? Oh my god. Look at domino abrams. This is a man. I would look he's got a neutral smile
Classic news a neutral smile like me
neutral
Okay, he's a stay at home dad and a pro at home cleaning and maintenance. I'm falling in love again
In more of a best friend context because I just don't happen to swing that way. But if I did I would be
Upon some abrams, you know what I mean with this kind of personality profile
He's researching new ways to produce to make his home and in turn your home as clean as can be
My home could be even cleaner. This is I don't know if I can finish this. This is too upsetting
Jeff I think you're taking this too personally. I mean so far this all seems kind of like they're writing trash and
Sports illustrated as ashamed of it as they should be
Of course, you're not taking this seriously. Let's see the kind of writing he's putting out
The article about personal finance by ai generated merafield for example starts off with a sweet
Sweeping libertarian claim that your financial status translates to your value in society
well
If the clean if the claim sweeps up
Then I say let it clean
what
I just mean
You know a broken clock can be right a several times a day depending on the speed it moves
Anyway, here are the five simple and practically doable steps
You can take to improve your financial status in a limited time. This is written by that's such good advice
That's not even advice. It's a setup for advice
I've already written it down
And I'm taking it to heart
If you don't understand how the money game is played you can never improve your financial status educating yourself
Does it mean becoming a finance expert? Thank god because that sounds boring
You only need to understand the basics of finance and it's associated terms like debt
Interest etc
When you'll get different options to lift your financial status the understanding will help you choose what's best
Plus you should also educate yourself about benefiting beneficial
I bet my tongue again
Expensing investment options and trading in crypto forex and stocks once you know you can easily differentiate between good and bad financial decisions
That is such good writing
I completely zoned out and stopped paying attention the aim of all online writing
I mean no who's gonna even
Jeff that's not I swear that's not how you're supposed to write but that's everything I read
Just completely mind-numbing vitriol
Doled out at a smooth pace like a delicious paste spread on your tongue zero nutrition purely filling your stomach with a hearty goo
And that's you're saying that's good. I'm saying that's most of the content I consume
Oh, so he's chat gpt
Are you telling me there's a chat that has three letters after it that sounds like a powerful robot
You've not heard of how have you not heard of chat gpt
I talk about it all the time on this network. We use it all the time on this network
I mean not very well or for any purpose, but I'd argue that's par for the course
Three letters not just two but three exactly. It's not even chat g
chat pt
Which would be a time zone. It's chat gpt
What's next they're gonna start using
ai's to spread a bunch of misinformation about important subjects like our fake images of like wars
Yeah, that's happening
It can make jpegs. Uh, yes
Get the president on the line
Get the president on the line. I've seen you do it before we need to put a stop to this right now
Um
Okay
Oh really
I'm sure
We can get the president
Okay, then then make that happen. Um, I can't even talk about this anymore. I'm too upset
I'm so mad that I've I've
I've made bill turn my enemy. It's bill stern
Bill turn is not my enemy and I this is what happens when you when you hit the news too hot
But what can anyone blame me it's literally coming for my throat
Like a dog after I spread spread peanut butter on my neck beard. Why do you do that to shave?
That there's no way that works
Okay, well, let's get the president on the line. Thanks for being here
Jeff you've been a little crazier than I'm used to today
Well
Um
Oops
Okay, fine
I'm jeff ripple
Look, uh, you throw a no
You throw a huge boulder off of off of a canyon and when it hits the water
It makes a giant explosion what but eventually those little explosion that explosion becomes a ripple today
I was an explosion, but give me a minute and I'll be the ripples. I'm jeff ripple. You can see what I did
That was pretty good
I don't even know look I said I'd bring the president on
So let's talk to the president for a minute
I guess about AI and then we'll get to the movies and we'll get to the experts the real reason we're here
expert commentary and I need to talk to
Um a basketball
I may not be an expert in basketball, but who would know basketball better than the ball that they play with
Probably nobody so we'll talk to him first. We'll talk to the president about AI
And see if he's as upset about it as I I'm honestly not but jeff really was getting pissed
And I support him in being upset at all times
So please welcome. Um, why not? It's uh, joe biden
Mr president you look um
You look I don't know if you look better or worse
than usual
What do you mean? I feel like I look I look better than
Loretta better than your jambalama
All these robots coming for
I'm for your job my job
Let me tell you this as long as I'm the real president
Nobody's ever gonna stop
Anybody from living their dream of being a fleshy human filled with every type of blood you can imagine
I'm one of them
I'm one of the most blood filled humans on the planet
People think I'm almost out of it
But I'm
Got more of it than ever
Okay, um
Thanks for watching the stream by the way, I guess I didn't even have to catch you up on what was
Going on. Did you get a haircut?
Absolutely not
Listen up jack when your hair is at the level of Martin
He's let it do its thing
It falls at her just level you want it to
Anyway, I'm so proud to be your real president. I'm so fed by the idea of these
Mammoth slammy
Robots coming in
They take it all that they're taking their screws out. They're throwing them at babies
They're trying to
They're trying to turn trains into spacecrafts
They're
Transforming from radio clocks in the in the big old guys with deep voices
Not on this watch and and I've seen a watch and I can tell you what time it is and it's not robot o'clock in in my america and that's
That's on lock young blood
Listen if we have any questions for joe joe um
You know, I have some issues with you and your general stance towards uh
human lives lately
But maybe I'm glad to hear that you're at least concerned about artificial intelligence. I mean I I'm on the record is thinking
It's not as strong as people are suggesting it is but it doesn't mean it's it's without risks
Um, have you used ai at all?
Listen, I've never eaten. I refused to even use a calculator
Technology's gotten too big
Honestly cars
Are too big phones are bigger than ever
You think you make a computer the size of a dang house
You imagine how strong that thing is
A house you can live in is also a computer someone told me my house is smart now and I said it's oh
It's the white house. It's been smart. I didn't need you to make it smart with a dial on my watch that turns on the clocks
and all the lights
I want my house dicing dumb and white and that's the america that I've lived in and I've
I have never stopped being president of humans and I'll continue to be
Well this then up I guess you've answered my question. Um
What uh, wasn't that a disney movie smart house?
I don't know no it was and it's one of the best ones
But it was about a house that was infused with the dad's spirit
And the kids thought he was dead
But really he was the den the whole time the dad became the den
And he played with those kids using a door that was like his mouth
And his arms became the coaches
I think you're getting confused. I think that's ghost dad. I'm pretty sure that's not
anyway, um
Smart house, maybe that is it
Hey joe, what are you? What are your boys jack? Think about ai?
What is it? I don't know if you have a son named jack, but
um
Has hunter used ai? I
Listen leave my family out of this that boy's been through enough
He's just a little guy that was to play
And the and just because his daddy's president now he's gotta
Go on the road doing making flap jackson
And selling secrets
Not no leave mom get my son's name out your mouth. He's my sweet little pike and he loves to wear pajamas
I'm so sorry. I don't I don't want to make it personal. Um
Joe are you against johnny five from short circuit?
The little was that also a dad and a robot?
Actually not
Can't really remember the plot of short circuit here. Let me look it up for you and make sure it's not yet
Another movie where a dad gets trapped in a thing
um
A group of experimental robots in a lab
Is electrocuted and suddenly become intelligent. No, I think they're just smart robots, but
Listen if the robot doesn't have a dad's spirit in it, then I that it's not human
The only humans I respect are the traditional ones that are full of covered in skin and stuffed with blood
And of course any object animal dog, whatever that's got a dad's spirit in it
If any if it ain't a thing with a dad in it
Or the words not a human then you go listen up to me
Not here not yet. Maybe not ever
And I'm making all AI illegal
Oh officially
Not officially
Listen, everything you say doesn't have to be official. I was so tired of every word being taken as a thing that you gotta mean
AI is illegal and and that and that's a promise
It's not true
And I don't and now look I that's not what's happening
But it's also what I'm saying. You understand me. I guess. Yeah, I understand that you're just sort of me just saying things
Now you're starting to get it jack
I thought that you clean those ears out
Fill it up with sugar pops
Now you're here in swing
Yeah, yeah, everybody has a lot of energy today
Uh, Joe if you could this is the last question for you, Joe and I'll let you go. I know that it's um
I know that it's tiring to
Talk, um, if you could change any part of your body into ice cream, what body part would you choose?
My sweet little dimples would be cream dimples
Just that I'd be a little sugar mo boy again
Like when I was a kid my my grandpa would call me over he'd say
Those audience a lot higher than cases
Oh, you can see chat. That's good to know. Um, I could fix that chat. I swear to god
In fact, let's fix that right now before I forget
Gain
Let's gain some decibels. Uh, we're climbing the charts. Okay. There we go. Yeah. Yeah, that seems right
Sorry about that, Joe. You're in the middle saying something really important
I can't believe you interrupted me. I was talking about my ice cream dimples how my granddaddy called me over he'd say
Listen loads a j buddy
You're as cute as you're as cute as you come drop but and those cheeks is cleanies
Let me get my lick and then tonight dad my granddaddy with a lick my whole face
That I who we laugh. I really hope that
didn't happen
100% I'm joe biden that happened
I never lied a moment never never lied a moment in my in my wife
I've never lied in my wife
What?
I'd be honest while you're in there
Okay, um, well joe, thanks for talking to me. I'm glad you're taking ai as seriously as you can. Um,
I guess I appreciate that
You know what just for the heck of it
Let's ask your competition real quick because he just walked in
And maybe just to test it
Um
If he has any opinions about ai
Boy, he looks
Joe, you might not have to worry too much. This guy's looking not too good. Good
Do you mean I feel like I never looked better?
I think your hair
Is did you get a haircut cut?
I got a little bit of a haircut I said look take some off the right
Not obviously politically aligned
Out of my thick alignment. I said take some hair off the right side of my scalp
And no be really and that he gave me one of the greatest haircuts an american president's ever gotten
He's scalped a good portion of my head
But by his guilt is so tough that it recovered immediately
And I feel incredible about it
You want to see me smile?
It's a beautiful smile
And I've been smiling for a while
Took some off the face
Okay. Well, anyway, do you have any opinions about ai?
I say bring it on. I'm not afraid. I'll fight a robot. I'm I'm smarter than any robot I've ever met
Everybody's getting so upset they say
Oh, I'm scared of little bots
Not me
Send a robot to my room. I'll make a deal
You'll give me all of your you give me out of your robot legs
And I'll give you one of my pectoral muscles. It's proven to be good at baseball
And it's proven to be one of the best pectorals in America
We can trade parts
You can have a robot arm. You give them one of your butt cheeks
I'll make a deal with these things. I'm gonna be one that's willing to do it
Okay, well, anyways, just curious if you had any thoughts and uh
Doesn't seem you know much more about it than me or the other president. Sorry the actual president
You're talking to me then you just said actual president. That means you must mean
I I I don't even whatever. Um
And I don't think anybody has even where's nick cage
I there's no need on actually
I mean even better sort of met an actor than him people like me in the exact same way they like nick cage or they're like
It's semi ironic
But also I'm good
So it's fun to see me and things kind of legit because I put in energy
But also it's kind of ironic because it's silly and I get silly with it
I'm just like I'm better than nick cages when I'm saying on any term you judge an actor
Ironic detachment enjoyment actual acting enjoyment and of course looks
Where was case january 6th?
Oh wait, that was before I worked at g4
But I wasn't virginia, which is pretty close to the capital
so
Take that for what you will of course while I'm doing the news I have to stay
Politically neutral so I'll know I can never admit to not being there or being there
That's you know, and I just speak in my language
Know that he can prove that I was in the capital on january 6th. I could have been you were you were definitely there
You were famously there riling up the crowd the crowd
It had been anybody
I got
I got agents to be me when need be
I don't know if you're talking to the round the I think we know if we're talking to the real you are not Donald and we are
All right, maybe or what if I
And like Johnny Depp in that movie where he becomes a swarm of robots
Just something to consider I'd be a beautiful swarm of robots
I would be I'd have more robots in the idea stickers
I'd be a thicker singularity than anybody
Fill up my head with whatever makes you a god and I'll be even more of one than I currently
All right. Look honestly, this is getting
Too weird even for me to follow be thank you for being here
Sorry former president
Donald Trump. I swear. I'm not trying to call him the current president
And that I can't help it. It's not a friday in slip
It's a staircase to success and your mouth is walking right up it
And I'm the real of sink. I'm the singularity president
I'll I'm the be the one forever. I know everything
I'm a golden god who will never die
And nobody can build a net and I'm here to say air this time. Oh, okay
Well, at least we got at least we know where you stand. All right. I'm going back. I'm going back is too done
Whoa
I turned around so fast everybody. I turned around so fast everybody
Trump's still talking for me
Gotta love when those transitions just don't work at all
Okay, Trump was mocking me. God damn it. Look, we got stuff to do. I got to talk to a basketball
But first we got to go to the movies
I know he's such a little child. He can't he just got to be like
Simon says or whatever
Whatever thing he's doing
Okay
Well, you know, we're off to a start today a good start. It doesn't matter if it's a start. It's a start
Let's send it to the movies
Shocker 4211
Months of cheers in honor of you. I'm gonna drink this gross-looking water
It is a strong debate tactic just to be like
Oh, you you think you're
Good try that in your next debate
They say whatever be like
Yeah
No comebacks
No chance of a comeback
I'll tell you what the chances are right now of 100 chance of me throwing it to this trench segment
It's time to go to the movies guys
Hell yes
I'm back. In fact, I've never left. I don't go shit. I don't well
I do go honestly I go all over the place and I do tons of sick shit everywhere
But like I don't leave in the sense that like I stay ready. So like I'm here man. I'm fucking here
I
Ready to watch whatever the fuck, you know who called for me
Yo, who's been blowing my ass up
Call for an expert go to the movies live and sleazy if you got a trailer you want to see
Me watch I'll do that shit man
I'm my fucking mommy
Which is what I've been calling my girlfriend lately
Try it out, dude. I know it sounds incestuous, but also it's kind of sexy
Um case can you measure the volume of your glasses? They look extra tall and I don't think they're regulation
I happen to have a similar glass
Look, keep in mind my hands are are fucking huge
Let's be real. I got a glass too young blood
Oh, you think you're cool because we both got glasses
Your hands are not as big as mine. Tell it to the glass young blood
It looks like our hands are the same size and it's the same size glass
And now I'm teaching you a lesson about perspective and science
You ruined this for me. I don't even want to drink water. I'll drink water. Watch how naturally I drink it
What the fuck?
yo
Real pros can drink it under the beard. So you don't get your beard wet
He's a goddamn alien. It's confirmed. All right. Look, uh, what's going on
It's trailer thursday live and sleazy's posted some sick-looking trailers
So maybe in honor of live and sleazy calling for this segment
We're gonna exclusively watch trailers that live and sleazy is posted in here
The book of clarence
Yo, that's my cousin's name
You think clarence wrote a book?
I don't know your cousin young blood. Why not? He's fucking works at the 7-eleven
There's so many
Which one the one knit near me. Oh lady, but they want to see lady ballers
All right, we'll do lady ballers then we'll do book of clarence
I don't even know what lady ballers is other than basically every baddie I've ever dated
Hello miss
Her name is my girlfriend
You you have a girlfriend?
Oh, yeah, of course
Um, I mean, you know, I got a bunch. Don't tell her lady ballers
What the hell is this? It's from one day ago. Uh, oh
Oh, it's from the daily one. Oh, no
Look, y'all know that I'm like politically ambiguous because like honestly
I like believing both sides of the of if there's an equation like
The crazy thing is both sides of the equation have to equal each other
That's kind of how I look at politics. It's an extremely dumb way to look at it. I encourage you to improve yourself
Okay, it's unsurprisingly being a hater and not understanding the greek principle of sink of sink
Of shit looking the same on both sides
Anyway, this does look like some real red meat
mess
I'm afraid
Immediately ben Shapiro came up when I looked this up. So
I'm just adding that as sort of a as a brace yourself for this to I'm assuming be
anti trans
It does I don't know if that's exactly what it looks like they're gonna
It's got some shitty things to say about genders is what I expect
Purely from just looking you looking this up on youtube. So anyway, I'm just saying brace yourselves for that
Probably gonna be a little painful to watch. Let's watch it. Anyway
You know, I ain't fucking scared. No one thought you were scared young blood. I ain't fucking scared of being offended
Right wing comedy
Why doesn't since when does comedy even have to have wings? Oh my god, young blood
Can we just watch this fucking thing? All right, fine
in a world
where women's sports
Is being transformed. Oh shit the daily wire
calls foul
With the most triggering comedy
Oh, no, we're all getting triggered together
Oh, it's a fake trail
Wait, is this a real-ass movie they're making or is this like a college humor fake trailer again
Winning matters is the key ingredient in becoming a winner. Maybe you should try it sometime
Are you gonna move? I am not
Let's cut to the chase. I know you're not a woman. Hey, do you know how he identifies?
If you can beat them, what do you know about the us opens for the global games?
You want us to compete as one?
$5,000 prizes. My lover says you're a great coach back in the day
You win. This is the way the world is now. My eight-year-old daughter told me all about it
So a guy can become a girl with no physical changes at all. Oh, that's called jitter fluid
This can't be this has to just be the trailer. Right, man in the bedroom. I can't believe it. Nice
You mean when you're sleeping? Yes
Coach Alex
We can play back. They're talking about fucking in front of that little girl. It's time. We're in
I'm in. I'm in to plank lady ballers
mind up
Like a girl. I can't believe they got Jordan Peterson as their coach. That's so cool
Oh
From heroes day one of being a girl athlete
I love being a girl. Why is he so strong? We could dominate every woman's sport
Running swimming soccer action sport feelings
Slate his basketball boys. Oh shit. You hear that? That's the noise of anyone watching this movie
Slate his basketball boys. It's incredible. They included in the trailer
So you'd know how to react in the theater. Nobody watches
Excuse me
Are these seats open? Oh, thank god
Ted Cruz showed up
That's the biggest I've ever seen on a lady. I don't care lady baller Ben Shapiro showed up
One can even be trans age now
Which provides she looks with a wonderful opportunity to relive all the experiences that she missed out on in school
Exclusively on daily wire plus December 1st
Okay, well, um, that was a two minute and 52nd trailer and
I guess I do feel like I saw the film
Yeah, this is one of those instances of blood where I agree with your assessment
That the trailer is more than enough movie. I'm so glad we can get on the same page finally
Definitely no need to ever watch that again. I think you got
The whole thing and I for once will agree with you
It isn't and you know, it's it's like a meta commentary move to
take
Like the to take the most basic conservative
Joke
Which South Park already made and relatively poor taste in my opinion several years ago and be like fuck it
Let's
Make it 90 minutes
How long is this? I mean I still
Chad is saying that it's real. It does feel like
There were enough sets that I guess it must be
It it is amazing that that is not just a parody trailer
Even if made by conservatives like they could just make the what they could just make the trailer
Oh, that's a good point shapeshifter. That was a 90 minute trailer. Yeah, I do think we were watching that for about 90 minutes, young blood
Well, um
I'll give them this
They did a they did a speed run of some absolutely classic jokes there at the end. Let's just we'll go
We'll hit it with some with some deep analysis real quick
They of course had to get in the black guys had big dicks
moment
because
That's just a thing that conservative guys really like to talk about
But it's also I guess funny to them if when they're not jerking off to it
They of course had to get their indian. Sorry. Well, they would say indian actually to be fair
I guess you could say native american, but they that will trigger them. So, you know, they got that in there, too
I'm assuming this is probably some kind of joke about the the needs how they're trying to be too representative in media or something
And I don't I will see
Or maybe they're making some shitty joke about how people are claiming identities that aren't theirs
You know what it is and then of course the tour to force
Ted Cruz shows up the living Ronald Reagan
Eat your fucking zombie heart out straight in the grave
do a do a sit up and start chomping on your heart
because
The new the new conservative acting daddy is in the house. Let's just see him deliver these fire fucking lines real quick
Excuse me. Are these seats open?
Never mind
What he was offended by there, I think was that it was a woman sitting there. So
Can't have that
Hate it when there's a lady sitting in a seat and you walk up here like give me your fucking seat and then she's just pissed
You're like god damn
Ladies, you know
Anywho young blood, I think we should move on. Yeah, I'm fine to move on
It's too close to the anniversary of Ted's father assassinating javie
I'm fine to move on. It's too close to the anniversary of Ted's father assassinating jfk to see him
Yeah, you know
What was he's the he's the son of son of the guy named sam or something his daddy was named sam and he killed jfk
That's a fact, right? I that's I don't
No comment. I'm pretty sure that's not a fact, but
I'm fine kind of fine saying whatever about him. So gets a pass from me
Okay, um, look, it's you know, let's not follow up a comedy that funny
With a with a with a trailer that's also a comedy. Yeah, I mean
Once you've seen the best, you know, you can't eat, um
You can't eat a bunch of ground beef after having filet mignon
exactly so
Wait earthbound usa teaser trailer. What does that mean? Oh, this is that earthbound movie, but there's another trailer
Or is this from oh, we already actually watched that the earthbound trailer. Okay of lady ballers. Let's watch the napoleon trailer
um
Speaking of
A white guys just doing things on film. It's napoleon time. Let's not try to connect those two. All right, yonblo. That's fair
Um, all right. Anyway, you guys know this one. It's um
Joaquin Phoenix
Do walk it all over the globe
Take it over
I'm fucking honestly guys. I'm I feel like my
My soul has been ground down a little bit for the day. So I was gonna quietly watch a different trailer
I need to warn you the storm is near napoleon napoleon's coming shit
You know what I mean like he's coming
I'm sorry. I can't get over that's just so funny to me. Why is it so quiet?
There we go
Oh, fuck. He's gonna slit his napoleon throat
Okay
Well, I was not ready for that voice at the end there rated r
Anyway that
Honestly, there wasn't much to that trailer but it felt
Like a sweet pine breeze
Blowing through my hair. I feel I feel alive again. Just because it I mean
Would it have been kind of funny if I opened that up and suddenly it was lady napoleon?
A little bit. What would lady napoleon even be?
I don't know it'd be like some dude being like
Napoleon can be a lady now and then
He like has tits and
And that pisses people off
Honestly, that does sound a little better than the other one. Yeah, but you know
I can't give all these ideas away for free. Take it easy daily wire. Please don't take lady napoleon
My new my new premise from me
All right, now let's watch the trailer for the book of clarence
God damn it really like watching that lady ballers trailer
It's just like it's like I ate a big bag full of lead and I can just feel it in my stomach still
Yeah, that's an experience. It's gonna stick with us for a bit
Excited to forget about that existing but it might take a minute
Here's a fun Napoleon quote women or nothing but machines for producing children
Damn, he should be in lady napoleon or he should be in lady ballers
Napoleon shows up
He's like what's with all these ladies that might not even be ladies playing basketball or whatever
And then he just starts fucking trying to dunk but he's too little and he's just screaming at women get out of my fucking seat
This polarine is for men only and everybody fucking cheers and then he and Ted Cruz just fucking deep kiss
Like Ted's gotta lean down because even though he's not that tall he's bigger than Napoleon and him Napoleon
Long ass kiss 20 minutes sexing
Ted Cruz just getting fucking railed by just this little guy
Boom, but he's hung up. He's fucking boom. He's fucking rocking that bd. If you know what I mean
what
I don't man. I get I'm just pretty thrown by that lady ballers trailer. I can't get it out of my head
All right, you're struggling young though. Let's just watch the book of clarence. It's got
It's got your favorite actor from the haunted mansion in it
What who what's that?
Everybody's seen the haunted mansion, right? It's got the star of the haunted mansion in it. What key
You saw that in chat
I'm he's he wasn't he more famously in a bunch of better stuff than that
No, everybody's favorite everybody's role that the role they know from is the haunted mansion. Anyway, let's watch the book of clarence
I'm here to enlighten you
Oh
I'm clarence where I'm from you fight to survive
I'm not a bad person just playing the cards. I was dealt
Mom one day I'm gonna get you out of here. I have a plan. What are we doing here? Jesus lives there
I want to be like that for 10 years. I want to be like that now
I need to figure out what inspires him. I can just replicate what he does imagine money people will give us
She's ripping off Jesus. That's smart
Oh dead one open your eyes
Elijah
What are you trying to prove and I'm not a nobody you find fit and he will find all the access
Clarence you are guilty of the crime fraud for your own ill-gotten game
If you give me Jesus of Nazareth, I will let you walk free and I will give you power
wealth
You'll be somebody
I die before I give him up to Rome and death it is
Uh
Clarence in spite of your selfish ways, there's a beautiful soul in there somewhere
Jesus
actual Jesus shows up
And he's got superpowers. Fuck. Yes
Is there a stinger we get do we get Judas showing up? Damn, I guess not. All right. Well fuck
I'll be real that was not what I was expecting. I did think it was a comedy
which it partially seemed to be
and then it was like a
Sexy roman swords and sandals kind of like orgy for a second. Yeah, I noticed that too and then like
It was a drama
Well, it's the serious story of Clarence
He was like Jesus his buddy that you never knew about man. It's like, um
Grant, have you seen the trailer for super fast a fast inferior spoof movie?
Oh, you could watch that instead of interviewing a basketball if you want. Oh, should I interview a basketball?
I'm kind of a baller
Well, he's saying you could do that instead. Well, no, I mean we got to interview basketball
It was requested but we can also watch super fast
I mean, but maybe I should interview the basketball
I think case was gonna interview the basketball. You know what candle should interview the basketball
We'll get candle over here to basketball. Well, we'll see if she'll actually do that
Yeah, sure. Whatever. Let's watch super fast
I don't know if that's a film that already came out or what the deal is from eight years ago
All right, this is a this could be a real hit or miss
I'll be real again. I'm I was slightly thrown by that Clarence trailer
I'm hoping it's good. Oh, what's what does it look good about it odd? It's just an odd
combination of concepts
Could be good
It's got a good cast likely Keith like professor Xavier younger self
The guy from splice what no
The guy from um
You're thinking of the one where he's got multiple person. It's James McAvoy. I got there
But not splice. That's where they
That's where they fuck the weird. There's too many movies
Yeah, adam adam Brody
split
How could I've gotten confused?
They're two different actions splicing and splitting
Those are the same. There's their fucking synonyms. Give me a break. Chris. Those are two different things, man
Dr. Strange too. Yeah, exactly. I'm splitting splicing is splitting. No splicing is could be combining
Splitting is always split. Well, what if you split a gene?
Isn't that same as splicing a gene? No splitting would be cutting the gene splicing would potentially be combining the genes
Dude, I'm this is too much. There's too much science going on today
What other thing contains science that Jesus was doing science in that trailer or whatever or miracles or what?
Miracles and science are basically the same thing, right? Oh my god, young blood
I don't think you know what synonym means. All right. Look, let's just watch the trailer for super fast
We got to interview a basketball everything. I'm saying is reasonable. God damn it
It just looks like a fast and furious movie
Hot shit cars ball guy
I'm getting fucking pumped. In fact, I hope this isn't a comedy
What are you driving a car?
Oh, and now you know it's beat the Spartans because people get hit by shit
I've been beating myself since junior high
If we're gonna pull off this heist
We're gonna need a bigger crew the black guy an asian guy
And a beautiful model making a rap and debut
How do you do that? What you'd describe them and then like instantly they're here
Lube up. I got some policy to look at. This is no time for paperwork. This t-shirt. Is it tight enough?
Is it tight enough? Yes
The only need one drive you're going to have I still don't see the difference actually
I think this is just a fast and furious movie
They need somebody to get hit in the nuts or this is not one of those. Okay. Somebody got shot
They could have gotten shot in the nuts
Damn it. Here we go
It's not the car you drive. It's the driver who's driving the car. That's doing the driving
What a dummy
Come on, they gotta hit somebody in the nuts. It's not gonna happen really
Somebody can get hit in the nuts by a car
I can't believe they didn't go for
Is that even one of those movies if they're not smashing someone in the fucking balls and they're like, no
I was waiting for it too young though. I'm surprised
I mean, I'd say that they they're they elevated it
But I mean they didn't they just didn't do a nut shot and that kind of pisses me off
Did they keep making movies the guys who did like the later scary movies move like whoever did epic movie
Did they stop? What were those guys names?
I'm db epic movie. Sorry real quick. I'm gonna look this up on this huge
on this huge movie screen
Friedberg Friedberg and seltzer
Yeah, what have they been doing lately they
Okay, did they stop were they finally stopped? I almost refused to believe it
Writer super super super fast was their swan song. Oh my god
That we just watched the movie that put the nail in the coffin of
Uh a freedberg at least let's make sure sell seltzer
Hasn't been up to anything
Nah, that was it for him too
They fucking called it exactly it couldn't be top
I'll show you guys. It's fucking hot. It's blowing my mind
Check it out. They just fucking called it gg's y'all
super fast
Dunzo
No more directing
nothing
They thought best night ever pretty good
Super fast can't be beat
The perfect film call it there
Well, so, uh, you know, there's nothing more legendary than knowing when to fucking quit and um
We happened to watch three trailers. That's true young blood. You did well. No, you watch that's actually not true
You watch four. Oh
fuck
I didn't I didn't freed burger seltzer it dude. I fucking overstayed my welcome
It turns out that that jesus clarence movie was my
Superfast, but then I got pulled into watching super fast
Sometimes super the call of super fast is too strong
We should interview someone who's awesome at knowing when to quit kevin available god
Damn shape shifter
Fucking I don't know if you got his ass or you got everyone else's ass
But someone ass is in your hand right now and you got it
Couldn't I actually I'm agreeing with you today
It doesn't feel good, but it is easier to like think and talk
Yeah, see young blood. It's not that bad. Sometimes you just agree with people god damn
You're such a fucking boring ass piece of what the young blood. Why?
Just repeating what I'm fucking saying. You're just being antagonistic now because it's in your blood young blood
You got to get out of the blood
Like it's blood like you blood boring
Into a new blood. Oh my god. All right
We do have ai kevin
I think case only has that when he types in full ass
Chunks of dialogue, but maybe on voice.ai you can train new models
I don't know what kind of bullshit ai shit case is doing stealing people's likenesses and stuff like it's fucking funny
Stay away from my likeness you piece of shit. You cannot copy this
Do not take this face from me. I'm a fucking original
We agree there young blood no stealing our faces
Stay out of my face case
Damn, maybe we're like a maybe we're maybe you're in the new rat pack dude. I had to kick out Elvis
Really young blood you do you mean that? No, I mean you could be a whole process
We would need many days of this level of agreement
Before I would ever accept you
I'm an adult. I don't actually care. You definitely fucking care. Anyway, that's all the time we got for today
I of course am Trent. You fucking know what it is. Chris was up there the whole time in case you fucking noticed
But now I gotta go. I'll see y'all later
Trying to tell me what to do saying I can't steal their faces
I'll steal their faces all day long if I want to check this shit out. This isn't even Chris
I'm gonna steal his face right now. I just programmed the whole thing
I'm a young hey young blood
I'm fucking stupid as shit. I'm chris
I keep time fucking that wasn't even him
I just ai'd chris into this
And I got is that's what happens when you challenge me. This is my show
Sorry, I'm being heated today being too heated because
I also had I happened to watch that segment and I also had to watch the trailer for lady ballers and it's just put me in a weird mood
Let's talk to a basketball. Let's calm down. Let's talk to a basketball
Um
I'm assuming I can get a basketball to talk to
Unless is that like is that not a thing we can do anymore if you own his dog
You want to talk to a basketball?
Yeah, is that is that a no-no? I mean whatever. I'll hit some buttons with my little paws. I guess to talk to a basketball
Okay
Hey candle
Want to talk to a basketball with me?
Yeah, you can ask it any questions you have about basketball
Okay, okay, so there's a basketball rookie his name's like, uh, when
When than
When been when been
But his really long arms
Yes, thank you. Is it appropriate to call him wenby? I'm looking for a
Uh, so the top 10 players people are saying like the whole yannis and the yoke
Yoke
Bit kid. Anyway, I'm also looking for a luke. Uh, do you know who the top?
If you have to name a really good player and his name had luke in it
What would who's that?
Nothing but net
I did did speak there actually
Okay
I think that's all we're gonna get. I mean do you have any other
Joe kick giannis durant, uh don kick. I've probably seen her on curry edwards dame hymny
That's what liven sleazy says does that answer your question?
What are those names?
They're basketball players
Okay, um, so would you say that?
Shit lebron and
Steph are rivals
Yes
Um, okay, so now that we're in like a
Is there are we actually I don't sorry. It wasn't quite understanding this in the podcast
Are we in a post lebron and post stef?
era
It's all right. It was getting thrown in a different direction there
Steph is the goat lebron is trash
No, that sounds wrong into daddy
It seems like lebron is at least very good
What are the current rivals right now? Would you say they are rivals and if there are any other rivals?
Besides them
Who were the current rivals?
Yeah, that's something they were talking about on the podcast. Oh in bad just in in the nba in general
Um, they're asking if the basketball can bounce. Do you think it can bounce?
The ball's moving so fast it's really hard to tell. Oh it's still bouncing
Oh my god, that ball flew away
It can't tell I mean if you're good you can teleport the basketball. That's incredible sons and lakers
Sons versus the lakers. He's of course talking about uh, johnny sons and antonio laker. I don't know steve nash
Not personally, but I used to watch him
Okay, well, uh, this basketball, I think it's getting bounced away
So I think it must be about to get played with um, but if
If you have one last question for it before it bounces off kennel, how how much air is supposed to put into a basketball?
Oh my god
That ball's having a rough day. I'm so sorry
Uh, well, thanks. Thanks kennel. Thanks for interviewing that ball for me. I hope it answered your questions
Although chat might have actually answered your questions
To everyone
Is that a real answer a psi?
Uh, if it's from live in sleazy it is always a real answer
He will say facts that sound totally unreal to me and then they are just real
How much to fill up a basketball? Yeah
Um
Oh my god between 7.5 and 8.5 psi
So he gave you the most accurate. He gave you the middle. Who are you live in sleazy?
Who are you?
Maybe he's the basketball
Are you the are you live in sleazy? Are you the basketball?
I don't think it is. I think I think the basketball's just horny for a second. Live in sleaz is no
Honestly, if I could do a thing it can't it can't it's okay
It doesn't show this
It it only shows all the eyed shaped eyes
You mean we gotta make our eyes bigger
Oh
Well, it's trying to it's trying to trace your whole face kendall. Yeah, and I thought it would do that
Failure, okay. Bye. Goodbye
Thank you chat for helping out dear sweet kendall and thank you greg to you for the raid apologies for missing it
um
Chris was really on one as was
Trent so thank you for the raid microphone 100. Thank you for the bits in case I missed that
And for the resub, hopefully I called that out or somebody did
somebody
Also my I don't know why this happens lately. It keeps playing just a little snippet of this loop
I don't even know if you guys can hear it
It just keeps playing like the middle of it randomly
Who knows why?
I'll never know and I'll never tell
Let's do another segment before I get out of here. I have above 30 minutes left
um
Let's
Cover a story. Don't do something else. What else did I say I was going to talk about today?
Who am I? What am I? What's happening?
um
AI articles frozen dicks. I saw multiple penis stories. You guys know what I click on
Sing to you
Maybe at the end
Anyway, there's a lot of dick news
NFL Chandler Jones flashing penis meat a penis freezing off
Uh, maybe we can just cover all three of these dick stories back to back to back
There's something else. Oh and if somebody nude at disney
A man's streaks. It's a small world. Well, hi
He said four different streamers go live is Fiona on
Has Fiona's have we summoned a Fiona into the wild?
Let's see
Dun dun oh john madison my friend john is on
Guys consider giving not that he needs it john's clearly crushing the streaming game
Um, but oh, I got an ad
Anyway, hopefully I'll get john on my stream at some point because we do happen to be very old friends
But uh in case you are looking for someone to watch
Uh, my friend john madison has started streaming recently who you might know better as daniel to daniel spaniel
The whole annual family family the annual family
Is streaming right now. I want to show you but it's just showing me a fucking ad right now and I refuse to make you sit through it
Oh my god, it's just just playing the same ad again and again and again
Anyway chat, uh, do you want to talk about dicks in a second after I after I rep john's stream?
I've been ready this whole I've been talking about them
This whole stream just not on camera
It's been on but there's so many dick stories out here that it's blowing my dick right off
Wow, sorry to hear that
Anyway, john is on
If this ad will ever and I can't believe how many ads you go and you're not subscribed to somebody
A great reason to subscribe to your favorite streamer
Okay
Anyway, this is john john is streaming
He's talking to someone over an am radio by the sounds of it
What is he doing?
Is he just sketching imaginary worlds?
Yeah, anyway, that's john. That's john madison. Check him out. That was all I wanted to say
Talk about some dicks with chat. Uh joining me at the desk at this time
John shut up
It's jet
yo
It's fucking crazy that it took you this long to get to the real news of the day
There's fucking new dudes at disney. There's dicks showing up in sports
Chandler jones flashing his penis meat. How is that not the top story of the day?
Uh
I honestly don't know all the details at this time. I haven't seen all the details though. I'm curious. I'll be real
Can you put his thing on chat john's penis? I don't think you have access to that case
You don't know what I have access to but I don't
Okay, uh, anyway, his channel is
Goddamn it case. He just closed it. Now. I got to look this shit up
Doing the real news ass work for you
Twitch.tv
It's just john madison j-o-n-m-a-t-t-e-s-o-n
john madison
Give him a follow. I'm sure he'll appreciate it. We'll probably rate him in a little bit
And we'll we'll show him out of the real chats chat
I'm not trying to start a war with john's chat
Wait, what's awkward?
Can you can a mod get a shout out for john?
apparently no
Case can you do do you know how to do that?
um
john madison
That didn't do it
But that is his twitch handle
And I put it in all caps does that count you did it wrong? You're bad at it
But no one's surprised
Anywho, uh disneyland park gets arrested after stripping off clothes on it's a small world
Can we find a video of this?
Maybe on twitter
Small world
Hopefully it's blurred or I
Shouldn't show it
Small world streak
Oh, shit. Oh, he's not even that naked
Okay, we can show this
Oh
Okay, this is pretty good show me i'm about to please show me. Why do you want to see this? I just am curious
Okay, I see it's pulled up now
He's not as new as I was expecting but that would be funny to see
Who's just saying stop? I don't think he's gonna
Oh my god
Oh, he gets fully dude. I got my hand on the trigger ready to pull away when he pulls it out
Stop. He's on an adventure. Oh my god. It's gonna break all the stuff
I mean, he's actually I don't think
Sit down
I don't think he's gonna sit down
It's like a Jurassic park when the raptors breach containment
Everyone's just in fear like oh god
Is this dick gonna learn how to open a door? Oh my god. He could get smushed by
The by the little boats. He's not careful
Oh, and okay, it's blurred actually we're good. He did find he got the pants off
When a micro dose becomes a macro dose he's on his macros for sure
He plotted them out. He's hitting the macros. Oh my god. Look how he's being carried. He has to steal out
That
Is a real american right there? What?
Come on. We're really gonna be we're gonna act like we're mad at that
You of all people how many fucking times you've been to disney just a couple. Oh just a couple
You wouldn't be kind of excited if a fucking
high-ass like
Jack Kerouac looking skinny little like the boy just started fucking drugging his ass out
Just flopping around all over the ride clearly in another dimension experiencing things that you can't even comprehend
To him. He's in like this parallax and shifting reality pure expression
And everyone and in the distance. He just faintly hears stop it get sit down stop, please
That's one way to describe the situation. I guess you better be packing a hog if you want to get naked on its small world
Oh, come on. It's in the title. Not my brother
Yeah, is it funnier to have a really tiny penis on it's a small world or to have um
The joke from lady baller style penis
On it's a small world
Damn that might be a debate for munchin crumb
Is it funnier to have a big-ass hog on it's a small world?
Or a real tiny penis
I mean, I feel like the tiny tiny penis is pretty funny
Especially if you're like totally unself-conscious about it
Matt Liddell says big though. I think big is funnier
I think a big dick is always funnier always
Isn't it?
I mean, look, I'm not trying to agree with the film lady ballers, but a big dick is just funny
Exactly shape-shifter shifts. I didn't know you're going so daily wire with it
I mean, what am I supposed to not admit things are funny when they're funny
Look, most of that trailer obviously didn't wasn't good. I'll admit
It was a bit of a miss a bit of a miss. It was a little bit of a miss
But they implied he had a big dick
There's like recognition laughs, you know, because my dick is fucking rocking obviously
Okay, Judd
So like, you know, it's like when people are like, you know, your wife ever mad at you and you just fucking laugh
Because you know they are
It's like, you know when your dick's big and I'm like, oh my god. Yeah, man, you know
You what do you like about comedy?
I just explained it
Anyway, that was
She had the biggest dick. Yeah, that kind of threw me because it would have been funny if it was like he has the biggest dick
Like don't get don't put a hat on a hat. Like it's already funny that the dick is big. Why is that funny to you?
Because it's relatable
Relatable things are funny. Yes
They're putting a hat on a hat. You don't need to complicate the joke. The joke is his dick is big
That's the joke is just an offensive
Gender thing like always with the whole thing. No
No, they tried to they tried to punch the joke up and it was a mistake because it was good when it was just big
Okay, we need to stop arguing about this
She has the biggest dick I've ever seen and look at that tiny hat
That's pretty good. Look, I just have a skimer respect, but you're getting in the way of the joke
How are they getting in the way of the joke?
That's a better joke chat
Comedy is subjective except in this case
And that's your fucking name. So you should don't do a fucking joke about my name
Oh, you're getting fit you're getting triggered. Oh my god. You are did you write this movie chat?
No, I had to think about it. Actually, I've never written a movie. You had to think about that
I was like, well, what if I wrote a movie and what if it was that one? But I thought about it
It turns out I've never written a film or any fiction
Okay, anyway, the guy showed his dick at at disney world. What else happened in dick news so much
I'll maybe I'm a mystical maze of dicks
What's a frozen penis a squee a sweetest skier complained about this condition?
So let's find out what is what is a frozen? What's a frozen penis?
It's a it's a dick that's frozen or is it so much more
Cal half varsan who participated in a race
In icy temperatures
Over the weekend in Finland said his penis was frozen by the end of the race
Experts say that distilled extremities and and organs
and organs
Like an end to organs. What what's that mean? I think it's just
Organs that I don't actually know. Oh, mr. No, it all doesn't know something
That can become blocked by an artery get frostbite first that it can lead to permanent damage
And as you can see here his dick if you could x-ray this if he was small whirling this shit
You would know that thing is like a like a fish stick, you know, it's in it's like a fish stick in the freezer
But it ain't ready to get a it's ready to fall off
I really don't get what the story is about or they're just trying to explain to us what a frozen penis is
I'll clearly neither of us know I get what it is. I think well
I'm not convinced some may chuckle
Okay, I'll admit I'll laugh a little bit because what if it's a fucking what if it's a big frozen penis
What if it's like a fucking frozen stalagmite? It's like two feet long
You know what I mean? What do you know? Why is that funny? You're telling me a two foot penis
That's frozen isn't funny. It'd be funny if it wasn't frozen. Honestly like maintain the purity of the joke. Oh my god
Can you just read the story? Yeah, I am
Cal Halferson who participated in the race in icy temperatures said his penis was frozen
What if it's huge? Ah, okay. Oh, sorry
I've frozen my penis for real Halferson was quoted and saying by CNN. Damn
I had to lie in there for 10 minutes to warm it up. It hurts so much. It's terrible
You're frozen your dick your dick long enough to freeze
I think a little dick could freeze too
And now it's too close to your body
My body runs hot if my dick weren't so long. There's no chance it would freeze
because like if it was only like
Seven or eight inches away from my crotch
Then it'd freeze all the time
But or would never freeze because of the heat I produce because it's you know 10 or 12 inches away from my crotch would flash it
Chet if your penis is that big it's like hilarious. It just sounds unrealistic, right?
That's so fucking funny
It's hard to get through this because I'm just thinking about a big frozen dick
Okay, he's lucky that I'm about to have my second child
It's gonna be difficult in the future if I'm going to continue like this
But is the condition dangerous? What do experts say first?
Let's briefly explain explain frostbite didn't hey, I write this shit
God damn it. They really are taking our jobs
I mean we know what that is
You know what frostbite is. Yes. I'm assuming obviously it's when the cold
Um becomes a little creature like in the the year without a Santa Claus
It becomes cold miser and then it's hungry. So it bites your fingers and penis
You should have not skipped the description of what frostbite is
I mean, I just nailed it. So why would I bother reading it?
If that specific flow of blood gets blocked or frozen or constricted for any reason
That organ starts to lose oxygenated blood
And with that's what frostbite is
Oh, I read that as frost
bait
You can't prove that I didn't read it that way. You just said it the other way
Anyway, cold has an an
cold has an anal
anal G's G sick effect
Makes your ass sick just to keep reading
Something we use medically to numb skin before injections a burns
Registrar told if we'll science
What is wrong with you? Nothing. I'm reading and I got burped because of the news
This could explain why he would have increased pain as the affected area returned to warmer temperatures
experts say
like
experts say like them
Penis frostbite. I read that right. Yeah, this article isn't written very well
I mean so far I'd say it's a real burn burner. Honestly
Experts say like and penis to frostbite
Wait to sorry experts say like and penis frostbite to soft tissue damage as a result of freezing temperatures
So it's like when you fucking sneeze too hard
I don't think we should finish this gen I think
I think it's just too. I think we're too dumb
Both of us. Yeah, sure
Well, I'm gonna I'll skip ahead a little bit. What is the point is this is a long this article long
I say that a lot, but I mean it. This is longer than I expected
Pa was very interested. Wait, who's Pa? Okay
Uh, Prince Harry and his memoir spare admitted that he suffered from a frostbitten penis during the wedding of his brother
How cold was how icy was the lady he was marrying?
Ha ha ha ha
She's a cold bitch. Jesus christ chat
I think you did write the fucking lady. You must be working for the daily wire with your sense of humor today
I guess I can't I'm sorry for I forgot this is a no comedy zone
Is it no it's just to stop sounding so fucking stupid. I that's and now you're just being me
Harry said he got the frostbitten penis during a walk to the north pole
I'm sorry. I'm just picturing a really long penis getting dragged through the snow behind a guy
He's just fucking he's got the glasses on his beards all frozen like in those old black and white photos
He's just fucking dragging his he's got like a he's got like a one ski pole
He's just dragging himself through the snow penis trailing like feet behind him
Fuck tell me that shit's not fucking fun. I guess some people just don't know comedy
Okay, harry said he didn't even realize what was wrong until he'd returned home and then his whole dick was probably gone
Pa was very interested in synthetic about the discomfort of my frost nipped ears and cheeks
Harry wrote in his memoir while the ears and cheeks were already healing the tajer wasn't
Todd gurr, Todd gurr. Is that his friend? He's read it right the first time
Okay, it was becoming more of an issue by the day
You can guess which wait, okay, uh finish skier remi lindholm said he had an unbearable pain after a cross-country skiing event
Because again, because it's like he probably got his dick all fucking tangled up in his fucking ski poles
You imagine trying to ski you're going fucking fast downhill
You're playing he's he's fucking flopped in the wind. He's wrecked around your ski poles
You try to fix it
But then your other ski pole gets tangled in it and now it's like you're fucking playing
It's like you're fucking knitting with two skis and your penis
It's like
Oh, I'm gonna pass up. I got legitimately lightheaded. This is dangerous
That was too funny. Jesus Christ. All right, that's gotta be the end of the story, right?
Yeah, close enough. It was it was about dicks. It was about dicks freezing and I thought I'll take it easy because
Talk about a little dick freezing. So I still I calmed down a small dick freezes. Oh my god, that's tragic
Just a little guy
Tragic
Sorry, thank you brought me back down to earth by saying a little dick freezes. Oh my god, that's so sad
Just a little dick out there freezing
Like fival goes west
Tucked away in steerage and a ship just shuddering
It's just a little guy
Never had a chance
Because case eating anything today
Yes
I'm fucking fasting today. Well, that explains it. Okay. Um, well, thanks for that dick. There's one more story. Oh my god. What is it about?
Maybe we shouldn't because it probably is fucking fun. Oh my god. All right
Chandler jumps last piece meeting the mirror
Bathroom, but what if it's I mean, I'm not I won't jump to assumptions and assume that it's huge
Jones was tumultuous year later to depart from the raiders
Um in a video which which he appeared naked showcases his arid zone of residence. He casually discussed encounters with law enforcement
During the last room he hinted that Scottsdale police were after and raising concerns among his followers. Um
At the last comment as young well, what there's nothing is that was just sad
He flashed his penis meat
So just the meat not the head
Why are they specifying penis meat?
Because they only saw like the top of the shaft just the meatiest part
I don't know man. I'm sure you could google it. I will
I will I'm not laughing yet
Because what if it's just a little guy in the mirror?
It ain't even had a chance
What how do you picture little dicks? Why are they like a?
Something to be pity to no not pity protected
They're at risk man. They're just a little guy just out there. Okay. Well, um
Yeah, I was just hungry
Well, hey, thanks for uh, whatever this was chet
Covering the dick news as always and I always will and I'll never stop because I'm chip manscape
Um, I happen to know exactly what I'm talking about here
And if you have trouble with your penis being in danger
Just know that if you're a little penis out there and you're all alone you're scared
Uh, you're like a steerage of the titanic
Everybody's doing irish jigs around you. You feel scared. You don't know what to do and you're cold
There's hope you can find a little blanket you can wear insulated underpants
You don't have to freeze
You're just a little guy and that's I don't even need to sign off today. I'm feeling torn up, man
Thanks yet. Then thank you. But my pleasure and back to you as well is where I'm standing
it
Whoa
What was that?
Okay. Well, that was our penis news for the day
Um, let's do a debate and get out of here. Let's let's set it to munch and crumb. I don't even know what there is to debate
Um, they could debate the penis thing, but I have to chet covered it pretty thoroughly
You know the word dick. He said it a lot. He said penis a lot
But I'll leave it up to you guys, you know, they'll they'll debate whatever you want them to
Let's set it over to munch and crumb and then let's get out of here. Let's raid somebody. Maybe we'll raid Fiona
Maybe we'll raid John. I don't even know but first we have to do this debate. Let's see how it goes
Yes
Back again
Bring it in to me
Oh great the score is all fucked up. What happened there?
Score looks weird
This is his fault
You all know who's fault it is. I'm above it. I ain't even upset about it
Even though you made a big mistake as easy
But I'm fine. Don't worry about me
I'm great. Give it up for me and now stop applauding immediately because a fucking monster is here and it's gonna scare you
So protect yourself so you have time to gasp. It's crumb. It's fine
It's fine. You told them to uh, hello everybody. I'm crumb. I'm Leonard crumb. I'm of course joined by
a ravenous psycho path
Barely clinging to any sense of pride or reality. Um
And today I don't even know what we're debating. What are you doing right now? You're doing just fucking rambling. Look, uh
Today is dealer's choice. We're letting the power to the people
We're letting the people have power or something apparently some political arrangements. They find that comforting that the people have power
I say whatever's best for everybody. What are you? What are you? What are you? No, you're just rambling. Well, look
We're killing time until somebody says that they want us to debate
If you want to break the fourth wall here
That's so obvious. You don't even need to say it. Anyway, uh, whatever subject you would like to she debated should we debate the type of sloppy chicken wings?
Hmm what types are there?
You think there's only one type of sloppy chicken wings. There's spicy wings. There's teriyaki wings. There's a mango habanero
Well, is that even that sloppy? All of them can be sloppy with appropriate application of sauce
Really, you're not even debating the type of sloppiness. You're just debating which sauce to slap on the wings
Well, but there I disagree because you could also have barely cooked
chicken wings. That's inedible
disqualified
Slop penis
What?
I think got your ass. How did shape ship forget me? Slop penis
He's making you say penis. It's in the word. Are we all babies? Is everyone here a baby? You're the only baby
only baby
In the world. Yes, every other baby is a child
Turns out we've been calling them the wrong thing. They're just a little child
That will grow
You're the only baby
You always will be a baby. You'll never grow. You are the baby
And not like in the in the sitcom dinosaurs
You the baby. Nobody fucking loves you. The bincast just worked up in general tonight
I think that movie lady ballers just made us all feel a certain way
It wasn't the best it wasn't the best comedy and trailers, you know
Sometimes comedy just doesn't play in a trailer. So maybe just give it a chance. Oh my god. All right
What do you want to crumb? I think that your compliment you are the baby the best baby
They're shaking them they're best be travis. That's insane. Jeff was all bothered before the trailer. He was upset about ai
Everybody's in a mood today
Maybe case is pumping some kind of fucking gas into the studio
He's filled up all the studios with gas
This maniac has to be stopped. Why did he gas the studio? Oh my god
Babies can be bosses too
That's a dangerous precedent to shed
Um, okay, uh, who's hotter toad or burdo for mario kart now
We're talking burdo. Well, what why?
What do you mean by big ass? All right, fine. Clearly you're a toad fan. Well, I didn't shave
You're saying you jumped on burdo real fast
Because it's obvious as always if we have it mine, you know what let's do this
I mean, I'll just lay this up
Fucking lay up pimpin with the assist
Boom dunked easy gg
Obviously burdo's hotter, but you apparently want to fuck toads because you're a freak as always. I mean, there's why is your toad
Why is toad weirder to fuck than a bird the toad is at least human ish. It's a toad. It's a toad stool
Congratulations, you've received 1,000 messages today. Okay. Congratulations case
Uh, pull his up shit. Sorry about that everybody. Let's get this rolling, baby. Um
Okay
Chat I know y'all love to play
I know you like to let him win
Just because you know that I'm on top of things and nothing gets to me, but you got it with me
What that mouth do come on. Look at that thing. It's a suction machine
It's spits and you know it swallows that thinking fire a fucking egg all the way across the map
Can you imagine what it does with that kind of sloppy good good?
My god, it could suck the fucking paint off a battleship in a day
Burdo she got the cute little thing in the hair. Are we sure it's a mouth? It's a hole
It's a look it's a creature
Before you get all mad. It's not human. It's a creature
We don't know it could be as sentient as you were me
So consensually I'm saying that burdo
What that mouth do what that burdo mouth do you want to know nobody gives a fuck what that toad do
It's just a fucking mushroom. Who wants to fuck a mushroom?
well
Um, I mean a penis is a mushroom in a lot of in a lot of ways
So I would argue a lot of people fuck mushrooms and just because someone's rocking a fun hat
And that's kind of like it's built in for them. They've got a toad on they've got a mushroom on their head
but I would argue that's in a way just fashion and
You know assuming you're the appropriate size and it's all consenting adults toads can be adults by the way
I think it's completely legitimate if you express your sexuality towards
A toad if they're down for it. They're humanistic. They're close enough
They're much closer than a burdo and frankly
I didn't even have to say much because people
Inherently know that it is wrong to fuck a burdo because it's an animal where meanwhile a toad is in fact
Human like and and at least a safer bet. Oh my god. You I'm I included that the burdo's consenting
So that point there's no I mean I guess there's no point because everyone's against me today
everybody's having fun
Not at my expense because I have infinite have infinite checks to cash
Nothing cost me a thing. I feel fine about this and I didn't actually lose
But I will I do have to say
Bring it in you guys you guys think else
This is insanity. You can't you're not gonna really he would never catch up
But you shouldn't even you shouldn't even let him think that he can
There should never be even a consideration that he could
Because that would be that's and honestly what you're doing right now is you're wasting my fucking time
Oh because I won
Let's be real. I got that one
And people were just waiting for me to play the song
Because people love the song they love the tune. Oh my god
You should actually listen to this song you should sit here and have to actually listen to
I'm gonna turn it up. You just listen to what you did. I've challenged the status quo and expose the lie then or
Hold on tight. Prepare for a ride. The truth will shine. That's my creed
You don't even know the word turn it up. Turn it back down
You're not allowed to enjoy that that much
You're not even mouthing it right. You don't know the worst of your own song
I was just I wouldn't want to shing over me shing
Your crumbly believe you do the things you say your twisted tail can't believe we have to sit through this thing every fucking time
That's crazy
Can we at least have that appear on his side of the screen so far from where it why doesn't he do appear on
I'm seeing the wave for my side of the screen. Is this the bridge?
Where
Why are you shut up on stuff and I don't you think you're funny you think I'm not doing it. It's the dog
You're on his dog. He's unbelievable. Oh, it actually is me. Oh, I know I see you pressing the button
You'll know you're fucked bird. Oh, can I just say that? This is crazy. Oh, it wasn't even the debate
This is just a assassination of my character because I know y'all would fuck bird
Oh, you're kind of fucking toad. Give me a break. What if it's a sexy toad?
What?
Well
Maybe they all look the same to you
They're all literally animated to say no some have different colors hair your style
Fucking show us how you get warts. That's a rumor. I don't want to talk over you. This is all none of this is real
And now you're using that lazy excuse just because we're debating absurdity suddenly it doesn't matter
You know what's matter to you every time. Well, I'll tell you what really matters here. Oh, what do you think?
You're crumb believable. Oh
You see what I did at the end there. We were arguing. I think I nailed that. Oh out. You couldn't even nail it now
So when you fuck a toad you just put them in mushroom tip first
Yeah, it's toad like in you. How what were you even imagining? I wasn't imagining a thing
I was just debating
I'd say a reasonable point given the context of the debate
No need to jump down my throat like you're on turned up toad
How could you fuck shaft first? Well, the toads are little right because mario's kind of how big is it toad?
I think they're at least
three feet tall
That's so tiny
burdo's a big creature that can actually
something to play with, you know
That's way grosser than anything I should how
How is that grosser?
Just is you're being gross you came to fuck a toad
You're saying to fuck a burdo and that's grosser. I think the point thing to realize here is I didn't lose
It's just so obvious that I want
In the actual sense of being right
And everyone liking me more
I've never lost
And also every time that he wins. It's cheating
I just think it's important to point that out
I'm not even upset. It's fine. It's fine. I need to update the score actually users
You're trying to end it before I can update the score
But I'll go ahead and up to oopsie 69 nice. That's a mistake. It's 60, but I'll be at 69 soon
I'll be there soon
Come
You'll be there. So do my fuck
Oh my god, everybody's so mad today except me cool as a cucumber
Totally fine and feeling good and I hope you all feel too good too. I'll see you soon
I'll continue to be the best and be right here. Bye. Bye everybody. You know crumb is catching up
Just check the numbers
He's under 20 points down for the first time in a while
I I think he will catch up
This is my case blackwell prediction
Are the people are the people are feeling crumb lately
Changes in the air hope and change. Well, maybe not hope
And maybe not really change in an actual sense
Um, but the one score will go past the others my point
Uh, crumb seems confused about some basic human functions. Yeah
But not me just want to make that clear
He needs a hot round of Beyblade. Oh, baby. Let's go out on on the let's go out on the hottest song of the summer
Makes me teleport every time. Boom. That's how you do it guys. That's how we get out of here for the day
This is such a banger
Let's be real. No debate needed here
It's a frick it. It's a banger
Fiona's dog. You're ready to get us out of here for the day. I um, yeah, I guess
The best thing thanks for the stream case. They kind of have a great night. Thank you, man. I'm a little dog with paws
um
in case you didn't know but
I appreciate it
You being a dog with claws always factor in
I just am
Actually, you know what?
Uh glad hitters lost. Thank you for the follow
Uh chat and creamies. Can we vote Fiona's dog in as the yeah, let's let's do the vote for the for the producer before we get out of here
Oh, yeah, the thing where they vote for me. Um, if we have a mod chat still
Then feel free to put my fate up on the pole
I whatever that means. I again, I don't know. I just come over here and I boop boop boop with my little paws
Yeah, we got that
Okay, let's see
Probably the restream is I can no longer see
But the poll is live
I should just leave my channel up
Where are you my channel?
Okay, there. Where are you my channel? Oh my god. I'm hearing myself. The story of poll is up
All right, Fiona's dog
Fight for your job. I don't really care to do that a little dog
You know my qualifications, which are that I have paws and I'm a little dog
I am Fiona's dog actually
She has them bang in my life
for years
But you don't pick your mommy
Uh, that's a jjs is okay
That's your qualification for being a streamer big jdub
I also don't have a my tongue doesn't work too good, but big jdub
Just know if I could lick that I would have
Your tongue doesn't work. That's rough for a dog. You're telling me
Have a tongue that barely works as a little dog
rough up here, man
Without a dog it's a chupacabra. What come on who says
It's because I'm a little dog in the desert
Yeah, some bird feathers. You've got bird feathers. It's a couple little bird feathers. I'm from the desert
And got all rooster legs. What?
I'm a little dog that you're not describing dog parts. Yeah, little dog parts
I'm mostly a dog. Oh my god. I've been a chupacabra this whole time
nice
Special little boy
Um
Damn Fiona's dog. You are un fucking defeatable in these polls
I
How does it what's a poll it's simply vote the telly's the votes
You've got to get what that is. I don't don't get it
And I never will again. I'm a dog
How do you do such a good job producing this show?
instinct
What was that that was a bark. Oh my god
You were not a dog. I'm a little dog with
At least two paws. Oh boy
You're doing a great job though. Whatever creature you are and you've survived another day. Wow
I know exactly what to do to celebrate
This is a dog. I am a dog
I am a dog
In a dog dog dog dog dog dog
Those aren't you do know those aren't the words right? That's what I hear when the song plays
Okay, let's find somebody to raid John Madison his eye
And we're gonna raid him. He's just chatting
But who knows he could be doing so much more
Or you could just be chatting. Yeah, whatever
Guys, thanks so much for watching. I'm a little dog with chicken legs kind of in some feathers, but I'm mostly a dog
We're raiding our friend John
He seems to be making maps
I think John could put in the good word for Fiona with me. I don't think they talk
So
No
I don't know just tell Fiona to pick up her dog. Tell John to tell Fiona to pick me up
That's such a confusing raid message
But I'm the producer. Oh, that's true
Tell John to tell Fiona to pick me up
Guys, I'm a dog. Oh, okay. We understand guys. Thanks so much for walking
I said walking
You're gonna walk me. I just was a misspeak. Thanks for watching
We'll I'll be back tomorrow. I'll be back tomorrow
Uh
Have fun with John considering a follow or whatever
Uh, probably at some point this week we'll be eating sloppy ass wings on the stream
Until then have a wonderful Tuesday and uh, who knows?
Maybe I'll have an I might have a new segment show off soon. However, it's a complicated one
So we'll see I got a I got a stress test a little a lot of transitions
Anyway, we'll see you all soon. Have a beautiful night. Bye everybody
Yeah
And we stop
Streaming
I can't find the button