I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
My cream is to runny inject acid into me to figure it out.
We're live in ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one.
Let's do this.
I'm Pepito.
Yeah, hello again.
It's a new week.
It's new news.
I'm going to see everybody be Grendel, S1000, Cycorgrig to use, Skymer, Apple, Apple, Bunchity,
Cable, Vartrasque, Shaggy, Mighty Oz, Steven, Mnomic.
Oh my God, the rare conspiracy request.
Guy redacted from the dead or whatever.
Good to see everybody hope you're having a good one.
Yeah, unfortunately some new news has come out today and over the weekend.
These greedy news developers just won't stop releasing more.
My filthiest Rennerton water right here that I'm pounding in preparation.
Good to see you all.
Hope you had a wonderful weekend.
Pepito, did you have a good weekend?
I don't do banter.
You don't?
Mm-mm.
Okay.
I don't know how.
Grass is like candy.
I thought you said you don't do banter.
I'm just dropping facts right now.
This isn't banter.
This is important information.
I've never noticed that.
This is why I don't do banter with you.
Okay.
Fresh from Dino Island.
Hey, today we're also going to be playing some Pokemon Red with Crypto Zeus.
Yeah.
So we might try to leave a little time for that as from what I remember Pokemon takes a while,
but that could just be me being bad at Pokemon, which is fairly likely as well.
And I just like to remind everyone a huge thanks.
Yeah, bring it right in.
Huge thank you to everyone for supporting my legal defense fund, which is very important
as I'm in a lot of need.
I don't love this piss yellow jacket that you are so intent on wearing.
You're the one who said if I'm in this specific room, I should put on my piss yellow jacket.
No, I said in general the yellow jacket is for guests of that room.
Oh my God, we have double cryptos, use requests.
I need to figure out how to, well, we'll totally do secrets of evermore, which is also a pretty
lengthy RPG.
Unless I'm mistaken.
We could do that next.
I'm going to figure out a way to maybe when we've got pending requests to so you don't
waste your channel points, but we'll totally do it.
I don't think I ever played secrets of evermore.
Am I ever thinking of the wrong game though?
Isn't that the SNES one?
Yes, it is.
Okay.
You know what?
I did.
I played half of this, but I never beat it.
So maybe today is the day.
If I were really good, you know, I could speedrun these games.
What's the Pokemon Red speedrun record?
Speedrun record.
23 minutes?
Oh no.
Looks like the YouTube video for it's about an hour and 46 minutes.
So I guess if I was the best in the world, we could beat Pokemon Red in around two hours.
Oh sorry, if Crypto Zeus was.
And I'm sure he'll claim to be.
So maybe he'll manage it.
Has Brand Brand ever finished a game anyway?
Not that I've seen.
I've never watched his stream actually.
You know, I just hired him blind.
Well actually I guess what Pito did.
He gave me a bunch of rotten meat.
That was a gift?
Of course.
I'm still working through it.
It gets juicier and juicier.
Really good stuff.
He bribed you to get hired by me?
Either that or I just was in the dumpster where he was dumping rotten meat.
And then I said I'll give you all the cases money for more.
I don't really have that much money.
He doesn't know that.
I guess I can't give him zero.
So he can have it all.
Yeah, now we're doing business.
Giggle Trash anyway, thank you so much for the 20 months.
Hamburger to LA.
It's been raining here in LA so everyone acts like it's basically the apocalypse.
Although to be fair it could cause legitimate flash floods and probably where I am would not
do particularly well in that situation.
So I shouldn't act like it's not bad when it rains in the tunnel.
It's also kind of good seeing how dry it is.
So who knows.
I don't know.
I don't know how environment work.
The thing you need in environment is lots of bugs.
I don't have that many bugs.
I have astroturf grass.
That's why you're in trouble.
You need more bugs around.
The secret to a healthy environment is a lot of bugs.
You know when resident evil, whatever the most recent one is comes out, nine?
I think I might have to play that even though I'm barely a gamer.
I just can't say no to a new resident evil game.
Although half of it looks like it's Leon Kennedy being action hero Leon and the other
half looks like an Ashley minigame.
Maybe it's just resident evil 4 with more Ashley.
Your house is full of bugs so it must be a healthy environment.
You're doing it.
You're doing great.
Okay anyway, enough to maybe if Crypto Zeus is really good he can play Pokemon and secrets
of evermore today but probably not.
Thank you Alive and Suzy also for providing all of these fully legal copies of these
video games to me and to Crypto Zeus.
It's legitimately helpful.
We appreciate it.
We're locked in for Pokemon Red Ive.
I made sure that Brandon tested it so it's good to go.
And I guess what else is good to go is the news.
Let's get to the news.
It's Monday that must mean it's Ripple Day because the effect of the Mondays ripples
up through the rest of the week.
So if you hate Mondays the ripples of hatred will ripple out.
It will bring you all the way to Sunday and then the process repeats.
Much like I will never stop saying the news.
Really deep stuff Jeff.
Thank you.
I offer these mind-bending intros to really challenge the audience to stay on their game.
Impressive.
Thank you.
Thank you for being honest.
Alright everybody let's get into it.
There's probably a lot of news that you've sent us.
Then there's also the news that the world has sent us and it's never that fun to read
but we do it anyway.
Exclusive from Dropsite.
Hamas says it will not unilaterally disarm as Trump and Netanyahu threaten a return
to full scale war.
Not to be confused with every day slaughter.
Oh wait they did confuse it with that and they've continued doing that over the last six plus
months.
Is that in this article?
No it's just been happening.
They've been killing dozens of people every day despite there being a supposed ceasefire.
Gosens to be clear.
I was assuming.
We have a commitment to the...
No that's their ad for themselves.
This is from Dropsite by the way.
His President Donald Trump prepares to convene the first official meeting of his speciously
named Board of Peace on Thursday and I'm just reading here.
To be clear I have no political opinions.
But you say them all the time.
I news them.
I don't have to mean anything that I say.
Oh that seems a little disingenuous.
Big Jada thank you for the 30 stream streak.
There's still some good news out there.
Not the time to say that Jeff.
I get help but there's a lot of notifications.
Anyway the speciously named Board of Peace is convening on Thursday as Trump and Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu have re-escalated demands that Hamas and other Palestinian resistance
factions immediately and imminently disarm.
One of those two.
With Netanyahu insisting that all small arms must be turned over before the Israeli
military withdraws any of its forces.
I'm sure once they're totally disarmed that military is just they want to have a reason
to stay I'm sure they'll go.
Oh so you are is that a pro-peace statement.
I certainly would be a favorite piece I just do you think that you know if Hamas just
suddenly has no countervailing force Israel will just walk away.
I mean when have they ever done anything malicious before.
Very importantly this is a quote Hamas must uphold its commitment to full and immediate
demilitarization.
Demilitarization Trump wrote in a post on you guessed it truth social on Sunday.
This demand is being presented as a condition for any reconstruction to begin in Gaza with
no guarantees of Palestinian security or sovereignty.
A senior Israeli official also claim Monday that Trump is considering imposing a two month
deadline for Palestinians to surrender their weapons.
Both Trump and Netanyahu have agreed that a large-scale war against Gaza could resume
if Hamas refuses to capitulate.
Happy K-State of you, River Wolf.
Board of peace as some have said.
Yes he's very they're perpetually board of peace.
Whoa!
Listen up Jack.
Bonzimbo frog just mammajam 300 shiny tasty coins and I have a nine to say yes.
Also Netanyahu has a lot more annexation of the West Bank totally peaceful.
The peaceful annexation of just what's more peaceful than just taking things and nobody stops you.
Well there's resistance from the actual people who live there.
So it's if you look at the whole globe it's overall peaceful.
No.
All I'm saying is I'm pro-peace.
It's very brave of you Jeff.
Really brave.
I try to be so such a brave boy.
Meanwhile Hamas has not been part of any formal negotiations for several months.
Amid media reports of new drafts and US preparation for negotiations Hamas
Hamas leaders say I almost said Hamash.
Sounds like a sounds like a messed up breakfast dish.
Thank you for the levity.
I really think it does sound like that I wasn't trying to make a joke.
Hamas leaders say there had been nothing formally presented to the movement and that no official
meetings have been held with the group to discuss possible scenarios.
A Semnaim a senior Hamas leader who has been deeply involved with ceasefire negotiations
told Dropsite that Hamas will not accede to sweeping demands that the Palestinian resistance
unilaterally disarm nor will it submit to a total demilitarization of the Gaza Strip.
He reiterated that the group is willing to negotiate on disarmament of resistant forces
only if it is linked to a long-term ceasefire that restrains Israel and is accompanied
by political processes that lead to the establishment of a Palestinian state and armed force capable
of defending itself.
Do they want like a country or something?
Yes.
Because they already had one previously within the last hundred years.
Oh that is what they want.
Yes.
Oh before me you got all your news from Billy Joel's we didn't start the fire.
It's really just as accurate as anything we're saying.
Because mostly what I'm trying to do is move the blame away.
Nobody blamed Jeff.
I don't think anybody's blaming specifically you.
You'd be surprised.
So to summarize that was your summary.
Right that feels like our usual summary.
Well unrelated.
That's the same story so it is related.
Iran foreign ministers met IAE chief ahead of nuclear talks.
Let's see what they had to say.
Let's see what our littlest biggest diplomat Marco Rubio had to say.
We're dealing with radical shea clerics.
We're dealing with people who make geopolitical decisions on the basis of pure theology and
it's a complicated thing.
I mean no one's ever been able to do a successful deal with Iran but we're going to try.
Steve Woodcoff and Jared Kushner will be traveling.
I think they're traveling right now to have important meetings and we'll see how that
turns out.
And Trump is deeply committed to your success because your success.
As tricky.
Can you imagine having a country led by a bunch of ideologues and religious zealots.
Somehow I feel like I could imagine that.
Well I guess you do think you have a pretty good imagination case.
We have a lot of comments that we never even bothered to read case.
So sad.
Pam Bondi said she will only talk to survivors if they call the 1-800 number.
Aren't we always looking for accountability and listening.
Well I'm being told we're looking for action by the look cases giving me.
Did I read the look right.
I think that's probably what the survivors are looking for.
Which bin correspondent has the worst luck on Friday the 13th.
Oh my.
Oh yeah that's cheese.
Listen up Jack.
Geek of trash.
Just philanthropy is 20 money buck.
And man I probably shouldn't say this but.
He didn't say anything.
He's learning.
He's learning not to say stuff.
That is a nice reminder that you can donate now.
If you don't feel like donating through bits or subs but you do want to support the stream.
You can use the donate button.
I wonder if this is ever going to go away.
No those are the comments.
Oh sorry I have a lot of alerts.
You can click the donate button at twitch.tv on my channel page.
There should be now be a little tab.
You can click donate.
And then half of all donations.
People go to the Donut Mutual Aid to support.
Oh you're just talking about it.
Families in Gaza.
So far we've raised 20 dollars.
I think I'll donate probably whenever it hits 100 or something.
I might hit 100 if it does.
It did feel.
Thank you Geek of Trash.
We do appreciate it.
But I have an important comment to read.
Oh I see.
But we do appreciate it.
Which bin correspondent has the worst luck on Friday the 13th.
FF13.
I'm guessing that was an emo.
We'll never know.
So the answer is Friday the 13th.
It's probably Jake.
What?
He sort of has met a bad luck.
You've ever seen the second Deadpool movie.
There's a character that has met a luck.
I think Jake has the opposite.
He kind of summons rakes in front of him wherever he goes.
Oh.
That's why his face is so white.
Just getting smashed by rakes.
Like everywhere.
I'd say he hits one at least every 4 to 5 feet.
My God.
He's actually cursed.
That's why I have to have him stand still on the stream.
Learn something new every day.
The Potomac River.
That's how I like to say it.
Oh my gosh an AI Rooney.
The journey of AI Rooney every time it's on him.
Will this work?
And it always does.
The Potomac River is facing the worst sewage leak in American history.
But the Dow Jones just hit 50k.
I had not heard of the epidemic of sewage leaks in the Potomac.
It's because the stock news is so good you just can't pay attention to anything else.
Didn't the Dow Jones go down again?
You know it goes up, it goes down.
That's some expert financial analysis case.
Yeah that's my analysis.
It goes up, it goes down.
It goes up more.
And that's why we're so happy.
That's why we have to salute the economy.
Huge salute to the economy.
It's below 50k again.
That's what I heard.
My hope is it doesn't completely collapse irrevocably before I can ever have enough money to retire.
But we'll see.
I don't know.
We could get into the AI news.
Every time I hear anything about the machinations of our AI strapped economy.
Personally, I don't feel particularly hopeful.
But hey, number go up.
So maybe I'm just wrong.
What do you think's going to happen?
A bunch of false investments are going to get called by the global financial elites
and crash the entire global economy?
Yeah, that's kind of what I'm worried about.
Sounds silly to me.
Someone go to J.M. Allen's search crumb.
Someone has to ask me twice.
I don't think crumb's in there.
But we do have access to jmail.world here.
What an insane website.
Shout outs to Dropsite for also helping with this and whoever put this together.
Really is quite the project.
And now I'm searching up at the top here.
Crumb.
Uh oh.
We got to read every single one of these.
They might just be saying, also we should be careful reading these.
Because a lot of them are legitimately about the worst types of assault.
Picture unrelated.
Surely crumb.
Is this a CLS discount code?
The subject here is just high.
You think crumb's related to surely crumb?
Why is this tagged with crumb?
We just got to search through the word crumb.
From crumb beta red hook.
Okay, we can't blame crumb for that one.
Ass fault.
Couldn't we send the barge to crumb?
What?
What does that mean?
What is Epstein talking about?
Send the barge to crumb?
That is a little suspicious.
I have to say.
Guys, can we not be ridiculous right now?
It's not even uppercase crumb.
Oh well look who it is.
In search your name, I bet the word case appears in here a lot.
Yeah but my name is a normal word.
It's always crumb.
Not that normal.
It's not normal to say send the barge to crumb.
I have to agree here crumb.
I don't know that many political figures named crumb.
Who deal with barges?
I was mayor in the 90s of Krempton.
And we're 90% landlocked.
So you have a river that could have that is barge size?
Can we not?
This is ridiculous.
You're making light of a very serious topic.
The quantum tunneler gets it giving me the immediate support and saying hi.
They could have been saying hi to anyone crumb.
But we do appreciate the support.
We of course appreciate the support and look, cast all the aspersions you want as
long as the crumb legal defense fund keeps going up.
My day in court I will be heard.
Are you going to court for the Epstein files too?
No it's for peen.ui.
An unfortunate AI investment that went a little shower.
But I'm plating the fifth on it.
I can't talk until I'm actually in court.
There's even more crumb references here.
Listen to this.
How can you defend this crumb?
We couldn't send the barge to crumb.
How much would the barge hold and how much road is covered by three feet of asphalt?
How much is the asphalt laying machine rent by?
Right under there they're talking about crumb bay.
It's a place.
Crumb bay is a place.
And you own crumb bay.
This is the type of thing that's happening with these files.
Because they were released with zero context.
Everybody's reading so much into it.
And you know you take a lot of legitimate concerns and you're making them ridiculous by talking
about pizza parties and me.
I don't know.
Crumb all I know is I've never heard of crumb bay but I have heard of you.
This is the level of discourse.
Hey blame the release of the massive trunch of pedophile files.
Okay.
Don't blame me.
Listen up Jack.
It's come just my ma jam 300 shiny tasty coins.
And I've been dying to say this.
Can you clear my name?
You're back to crumb bay crumb month.
Now he's saying that you gotta go back to crumb bay.
I don't live in crumb bay.
And who would live there?
It's probably a place.
Why don't you Google it if you don't believe me.
Look up crumb bay.
Guys thank you for the support.
Looks like crumb bay.
Looks like crumb bay is in st.
Thomas.
So odd that it's named crumb bay.
It's been named that for years probably.
And it's spelled with a K. He's misspelling it.
It's little crumb bay.
Okay.
I don't know if I believe it.
Look crumb this isn't looking good for you.
This is crazy.
It's just a place.
Look there's a picture of it.
Little crumb bay in is white in st.
Thomas.
This site doesn't even spell right.
United States Virgin Islands.
So it's in st.
Thomas.
Probably near little st.
James and it's called crumb bay with a K. Let's see what else is in here.
We gotta check all these.
There's only 10 emails that mention crumb.
Okay that one is the same one.
It just says crumb bay.
Some of these are so cr- this one is just a news.
Okay this one's not sure we're showing you guys.
Okay there's all these other ones are.
What the fuck god every random email you click on here is just so bizarre.
Like what the fuck is this?
Office of Terzrod Larson.
Carrie can survive failure but Ken Israel.
It's like I- some of this is just also because
they imported all these files over from all sorts of weird file formats so some of them might
just be articles or like blogs he's subscribed to.
Oh my god we're popping off today.
That's $25 so far guys thank you so much.
A 50 donation st- a dollars.
Yes Mr. President?
Listen up Jack.
Giggle trash just for enterprise 10 money buck.
Man I probably shouldn't say this but crumb has the best end game in all st.
Thomas allegedly finger quotes.
What do you say to that the president's accusing him of having the best hand game?
I have an excellent hand game wherever I go.
So I can't be blamed for that.
If I happen to be at little st.
James there's a chance I'd have the best hand game there but I never was there and I've
never been to crumb bay or island or whatever.
You don't have your own island crumb are you sure about that?
Yes!
Anyway the hype trade is also here apparently.
So people know.
Yeah that's true.
I am also here reporting in.
You are?
Reporting in.
It's me.
The hype train.
I do not sound confident about that today.
Okay can you not go so hard on the hype train?
Thank you.
Thank you Jeff.
Fucking always going psycho mode on my whole ace.
Can't you just relax?
Can't you just get me a relaxing type beat?
I guess I could.
Would that be so hard?
I guess not.
I guess not.
I guess I could get you a relaxing type beat.
See how hard that is case?
Yeah just chill man.
Fine.
Give a lot of news to get to and we've barely talked about any of it.
We've almost done it.
It's almost like we don't do a good job covering the news.
That's blasphemous to say.
I'm here case.
Relaxing type beat to train rap to.
Hmm?
See?
I can help.
My name is Jeff and I can help too.
Do you find this relaxing hype train?
Yeah.
Yeah this is chilling me out man.
I've been so stressed all the time.
Now this is really bringing me back down.
Hmm?
Yeah.
Hype train changed the game just did another ten pounds of clear cocaine.
That's right.
No white to it at all.
You can see right to the table every time that I ball I snorted it all up.
Now I'm ten pounds heavier.
I've wiped out my ass and I'm feeling much better.
Went to Vegas today.
I played the slot saying I didn't come out okay.
That's right.
I've been driving around town fucked up with the yay and the guns and I don't know what.
But by the end of the day I killed some kids.
What?
They were adults but I called them kids.
That's the day that I've been having.
Murdering and snapping.
Doing lots of coke and also asking.
Whoa.
That's right.
I'm fucking five times on the crimes.
I do it all the time.
Jesus Christ.
Just so relaxed feeling the best that I ever had goddamn you know.
And that's just how it go when you ride slow.
Relaxed B.
Relaxed B.
It's a relaxed type B.
It was pretty chill.
Yeah Jeff got sick.
He killed people and did drugs and acid.
You really want to do coke and acid together?
This is story telling case.
You sound like a mom in the 90s right now.
Well I just you didn't actually kill anyone right?
This is story telling.
Just relax Jesus.
Every word that I say is true.
Every pound of cocaine that I fucking blew.
When every head shot that I delivered right to.
Political figures that I assassinated boo.
That's right I killed John F. Kennedy.
I also shot that other president.
He's you can't say stuff like this.
It's story telling man.
I'm a train.
I've done political crimes for about the last 60 decades
because I'm immortal and I am confessing on this rap right now.
It's all true and I'm gonna tell you exactly how.
That's because the CIA made a deal with hell.
They touched the immortal and evil bell and when you ring it
it's something something Satan to this plane.
And ever since then I've been a murder ass train working
for the Bush administration.
And then before that the Reagan administration.
And before that every other administration.
I'm the circling demon of this universe.
Jesus Christ.
And every word that I said is true.
And everything can be legally held up in court.
And every line that I snort gives me another retort
because I kill for sport.
Woo.
Just another chill train day.
He's a chill ass rhyme.
No they're not.
Just another chill ass day as a train.
Yeah, yeah, yeah just a chill ass train day.
And now I got some subs to thank, OK.
It's a storytelling case.
It didn't even get.
He didn't cover any of the actual thing he's supposed to do.
He just confessed to like 80 years of crimes.
It was one of his chill type beats.
He was all relaxed.
You don't understand the culture.
Neither do you.
That's true.
I'm not part of the culture.
And I probably shouldn't say.
But I do get the culture.
I also don't get the culture.
But you really don't, Case.
What's the culture?
The train rap culture.
It's its own thing.
You want to be as chill as possible and as honest as possible.
But it's all storytelling.
I guess rap is a confessional medium.
Where do you lie?
Favorite hype train crime?
You didn't even really rhyme that much.
He mostly was just trying to, I think, confess as much
as possible.
It's not all about rap.
He's, again, you don't get train culture.
Favorite hype train crime murder, mopery, spanks inventor.
That is one of the honestly, that's a real twisted one
that the hype train did.
Rock and stone.
And of course, genital slit.
That last one is not very pleasant to think about
in the context of crime.
But anyway, I really enjoyed the hype train's performance
today.
Can you thank the subs, Jeff?
What?
All right, get me an 80s rock thing then, I guess.
Because I don't really rap.
I'm more of a depesh mode type guy.
You never sort me as like a depesh mode type guy.
Well, you don't know my taste, Case.
And we've covered so little news.
We're getting to it.
We're going to get right there, Case.
If you can just relax for two seconds.
OK.
It's time to find some more.
This is just a famous song, Case.
Can you get me an actual 80s instrumental, please?
And isn't that an actual one?
It's just an actual song.
I need generic 80s noises to thank subs, too.
Guys, thank you so much for the support.
Thank you for the donations, as well.
I don't know if there was a period in this activity feed.
So, Case, fix that shit, you loser.
Everyone's subbing so harsh to me?
No.
OK.
We got a couple more subs to thank.
It's a beautiful day.
Banzai bullfrog.
A loud, more annexation of the West Bank.
Totally peaceful is the thing that they said, but not did.
Thank you for the 300 bits.
Quantum Tonelar, thank you so much for the 19 months.
IDU, as well.
Apple Dappo, thank you for the panther and the hot panther.
Smell, thank you to Bundlesprout, as well, for the 100 bits.
You know we love to see it.
We really do.
And ABCP, thank you for the 32 months doing just what you do,
which is give us more stuff.
And we love to see it.
Don't, Case.
Yeah, we do.
Yes, yes, yes, we do.
Thank you so much for everything that you do, like Cytricks,
with the 36 months that they've been doing.
And the IV, IV, IV, IV, what a great guy.
And thank you for the subs, as well.
What a lovely surprise.
And I think that's it.
Quantum Tonelar, if I missed you, then I will apologize
for this shit.
But thank you anyway.
And I think that's all the subs for today.
Yes.
Also, Queen Goldie, thank you for the follow-up,
even though I wasn't streaming.
Thank you so much.
And that's how you do it, Case.
Yay.
All right, we're quite loaded up right now.
We're loaded, but not locked.
Freeballing but loaded.
Oh my god.
I can see that.
Thank you for the 200 bits.
Call me Aurelius.
Do appreciate it.
We do.
OK, we didn't really get to much news.
Shall we?
Will you come back for the chat news later?
I'm a one-segment kind of guy case.
I did the difficult heavy lifting
of reading an article about the situation in the Middle
East, sort of.
And then I had to watch at least 10 seconds of Marco Rubio talk.
I'm exhausted.
That does sound exhausting.
I can relate.
OK, let's send it amongst the web for a little refresher.
Then we'll come back and we'll check in on the chat news.
But for now, let's check in on the rest of the internet,
which actually is, oh shit, we have five more comments.
You can't go anywhere, Jeff.
Read these comments.
Fuck, I got so distracted by the crumb one.
We're about to go to war with Iran, too.
What makes you think that?
All the news that we just read, seemingly somewhat related
situations, by the way, the situation in Gaza and Iran,
part of a larger US-slash Israeli policy
towards dividing and conquering the Middle East.
We're not talking about that right now.
Obama made a deal with Iran.
What happened to that?
They got rid of that.
Oh, right.
At least Americans are reading again,
even if it is emails.
That is the bright spot I've been looking for.
Although they're not.
They're mostly watching YouTube videos on it or TikToks.
Only a select number of Americans are reading it.
And every one of those Americans is making content about it.
In case you are guilty of this as well.
Somebody's got to read them.
There is a non-zero chance that the baby that Trump killed
was Trump's crime bar.
You're going to draw the line at yelling about murder
when it's someone accusing the president of it?
I mean, I'm not going to deny that there's,
from the FBI tips, some of that stuff.
It's in those reports they released.
But I do believe that was from the FBI tip section of it.
I guess I'll at least add that bit of context.
It's important to add context.
I mean, not that I'm trying to defend the president.
Part of me hopes some of the more ridiculous sounding claims
in the Epsin files are just that.
But it would be nice if someone would do a thorough investigation
to find out if any of these really crazy ones are true.
They weren't from credible sources, Case.
Just don't think about it ever again.
It sounds like what they would like us to do.
So with that in mind, now that we've actually caught up
on all these comments, let's send it amongst the web.
I mean, it feels like now we're really primed for it.
Yes, now that we've read those last few comments,
we're extra primed for the internet.
Did you miss me?
Gosh, I know everybody's.
I did not.
Case, don't cut into my zoom in.
Did you miss me?
I was trying to cut away from you as fast as possible.
So that's a no from Case.
Well, maybe some of you did.
I feel like I'm good, actually.
If you need to go, I'd understand.
I don't.
I don't have anywhere else to be right now.
I've got a solid, hour-free.
This is a shorter segment, actually.
Matt Ladell missed me.
That's sweet, man.
Isn't it?
Isn't it fun to have French Case?
See, I followed the 50-10 there rule.
50-10, I go 50% of the way.
You go 10% of the way.
Then I go the other 40% all the way.
Apple-depple, Miss Peter.
See, I got some real give-a-hands out there.
What was that?
It was my last name plus head.
Real give-a-hands out there.
Look, we have some videos to watch from amongst the internet.
I thought it was the web.
You get it.
You get it, Peter.
We have fun.
We have fun razz on each other.
God, we're pals.
Let's see what the first, let's see what this is.
Let's just see what this is, OK?
This is from Red Eat.
The sound is, there's no sound, which makes me
nervous that something bad is about to happen.
Oh.
Oh.
What?
How did it look so good?
How was it so real to me?
Now that I look closer, now that I'm aware, I see it.
That is some visual magic.
Wow, pretty good.
And I don't think AI, thankfully.
That's a real snake, the realest snake.
A solid snake.
It's so good to see an actual thing somebody made, isn't it?
Isn't it so novel?
Wow.
You know, we all spend time making our own dioramas
in our own way.
But his is cooler than mine.
I'll give him that or her whoever made that.
8.91.
Well deserved.
OK, what else do we have today?
This is an ad, it's effective.
Where's the Turning Point Counter stream?
Kid Rock's restaurant also made the same video,
but for the Kid Rock performance.
Oh, Kid Rock's Burger Place?
Is that still open?
That's the real question we have to ask ourselves.
Kid Rock restaurant.
We can only hope.
Otherwise, that's a real recession indicator.
Kid Rock's big honky-tonk and stay-coast is closed.
It hasn't.
It's open, and it closes at 3 AM.
It's not only is it open, it's open late.
So congratulations if you're in Broadway Nashville
Tennessee.
It's on Broadway in Nashville, Tennessee, then.
You've got till 3 AM.
Oh, where everything comes to the side of man.
And racism?
That's a two for one deal.
And that's why he's staying in business forever.
OK, let's see.
This is from S1000, that last one from Live and Sleazy.
And the one before that from Love the Hate.
So far, strong options today.
Let's see if we can continue that trend or not.
I'm open.
I'm open to anything, case.
I'm open to literally anything.
Try anything.
I've got a big head.
I was just seeing myself on the monitor.
OK, let's continue with the videos, actually.
Through the yes turn, Yannick Bertrand.
Oh, the gate to the groin for Yannick Bertrand.
And you could hear it.
And if you're a man, you could feel it.
Wow, watch this again.
Ladies can kind of get it.
Oh, the Frenchman.
Just imagine a thing that hurts inside.
Wow, the boys took a beating on that one.
Mm.
A deep, almost no, sort of pain.
Through the yes turn, Yannick Bertrand.
Gave like a full Wilhelm scream there.
I feel that one.
Peter, unfortunately, I know you have genitals.
I've seen you walk out of the wall naked.
No, I know I have genitals.
And I get nut pain.
Why are you saying it like that?
I feel like you don't.
I get it.
You like it?
Is that what I'm reading?
Read it however you want.
I get nut pain.
How would you describe nut pain, case?
It hurt bad.
Oh, come on.
You can do better than that.
It's like the feeling of jumping into a really cold body
of water.
If you turn that feeling into a hammer
and then jam that into your balls.
I was going to say it sort of feels like a shock.
It was less creative than mine.
It's shocking.
OK, Peter, I get it.
You've got a pain kink or something.
No.
OK, let's see what this lady's up to.
This is also from Lyvin's Leasy.
Time to roll the dice.
Let's roll them, baby.
What?
It worked.
Kind of thought it wouldn't.
I got to try that.
We've all tried that.
We've all tried it too much.
Is this terms of service?
It was opening a bottle.
Gosh, get your head out of the gutter.
I think that video was meant to put our heads in the gutter
if you have that kind of brain.
If you have that kind of brain, what you deserve is a nice,
hard, toe-based kick to the groin
from well-painted nails.
I don't like the direction this segment is headed.
Let's see what else Lyvin's Leasy has for us
with another Lyvin's Leasy.
I want to call them Lyvin's Leasy originals
even though they're reposts.
Anyway, this is from Lyvin's Leasy.
Hello.
There's been a sexy segment.
Don't make me no stick about it.
When Peter's around, you get some sexy segments.
You guys have similar teeth.
What?
Yeah, I have some.
I'll admit I have some good.
I've got to rack a teeth on me.
They're big.
They're shiny.
They're the right type of yellow.
Maybe you should use some whitening strips.
No, this is the shade you want.
You want them off-white.
It's unnatural.
Maybe I should use some whitening strips.
I might look okay, actually.
I'm not here.
It's like some yellow.
Okay.
A new egg crash.
This is Kendall's former employee.
Look how this is the stream fail section.
I hope they don't have too bad of a time in this clip as I have met these people.
Off's the weird vote.
No, I did not.
Read the line.
Shut up.
That is not.
What is weirder?
This thing, this neon sign.
Jolly Bean Express though.
Or a best boyfriend ever mouse pad.
It's bright red.
Only marketed to women.
It's not marketed to women.
But the only pictures are of women.
That's got to be the Jolly Bean.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Watch on top.
Get in here.
What is weirder?
It's the bean.
It's the bean.
What the chat voted for me.
You know what?
So now we're at 3-3.
Okay.
So now we're at 3-3.
What are they upset about?
Get someone else in here.
That's unfair.
You did work.
I think you had to be there.
Yeah.
You needed a little extra context there maybe.
I was glad they didn't have an actual.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I was glad they didn't have an actual.
Oh, there's another.
There's two more clips above it.
I watched the last clip.
Sorry guys.
That would make more sense why we couldn't understand what was happening.
Should we rush them on this?
Should we see it from a different perspective?
They're mad about the Dow?
It's below 50.
That really makes me mad about the Epstein files again.
Oh, now you're mad about them again?
I'm so mad about those dang Epstein files.
The stock market's not doing well.
Okay.
Let's see if we can piece together what they were upset about.
We'll give it one more chance here.
This is the first clip that was shared.
Again, a classic nonlinear storytelling style that we love to do on this stream.
Nico's not watching.
Valentino.
No one's here to save you.
Anybody, give me this book.
No one's here to save you.
Guys, I'm going to be legitimately mad.
Bright red.
That's not weird.
It's a color.
What is going on, chat?
Okay.
Is she paying you?
Y'all, come on.
What is weirder?
I can't help it.
Oh, okay.
So it's what is weirder, this jellybean espresso mouse pad.
Oh, no, neon sign.
Or a mouse pad that says best boyfriend ever in his red.
I guess I share that man's confusion and anger as to what's weird about the mouse pad.
Well, it would be an odd gift to get.
It's a little bit of a joke gift.
Chat's saying the issue is that they don't care.
Look, investment is a choice.
That's true.
You can choose what to invest in.
You know, we're going to leave our segments caps today at this assembly right here.
Okay, let's end on this clip from Live from Live and Sleazy of RFK Junior.
This one, this is one from last week that I don't think we got around to, but or it could be a different thing that he said, but I think I might know what this one is.
And I said, I'm not scared of a germ.
You know, I used to snort cocaine off of toilet seats.
And I know this disease will kill me.
Right.
I don't.
Glad to see Theo Von is doing okay.
I know that he was having a rough year earlier.
Oh, you know that?
Yeah, I keep up with the Ovan.
Output so I'm aware.
He used to snort.
Now he's snorting like unfiltered bear semen.
That's dangerous.
You got to filter that bear semen.
Yeah, you dry it out.
You snort it up.
It's really good for your bone health.
He's just on a podcast for the boys.
So, you know, you get you say your craziest stuff on a podcast for the boys.
A one number one with a bullet.
Let's get our bullets out.
Our secretary of health.
Bear is more than one meaning.
I never claimed to not know that or I never clarified which bear we were referring to.
We didn't.
Let's not forget the heroin addiction.
I mean, part of me feels like he didn't do that.
What?
Part of me feels like that's the kind of thing you say to sound like you party.
Man, I was snorting coke off of toilet seats.
Maybe he did.
He seems like he's just trying.
He seems like he's made of poison.
He seems like the poison warden from One Piece.
Magellan?
Okay, maybe not a reference many people will appreciate.
Except not cool and not having a lot of power.
I still don't understand.
Okay, well, this segment has been about us not understanding things.
I just feel like maybe I'm sure he's done cocaine, but part of me feels like he's just trying to sound like he was a fun party boy.
And maybe I think he's really more of like a...
Lake dad.
He's not immune.
Okay.
I should, I should, I'll limit the bullet talk going forward.
Bullet talk!
Blum, blum, blum.
That's the, you think in a bullet club now?
Yes.
I guess you could get, can you get a brain worm from snorting cocaine off of toilets?
Only if there's a worm in the cocaine.
You would notice the worm on the sheet.
Out of it's a little enough worm.
Little micro worm.
How big was his brain worm?
I didn't ever get to meet the brain worm, so I don't know.
Hmm.
Well, be careful snorting cocaine off of toilet seats.
It seems like the type of thing that, you know what it makes me feel like it's the type of guy who like watched Animal House and is like,
That's what partying is.
That's every guy.
That's true. Every guy watched Animal House and thought if only they could party like in the movie Animal House.
I think that a whole generation of guys thought exactly that.
They didn't snort cocaine off of toilet seats in that movie.
It's me sort of like, I'm grimy. I did a grungy thing.
I just think it's a 50-50 shot that that's the thing he even did.
And I do think it's slightly funnier if it's a thing he never did and was trying to sound cool about doing.
Grimy is sexy.
Have you seen that shot of grimes from a really low angle?
Yes?
That's sexy. That's grimes. That's the same thing. They're synonyms.
Alright, this segment's gotten too stupid. We have to end it.
It was stupid from the start, Case. It's mean to end it because now you think it's dumb.
There's no choice. Let's move back to the news. It's more news time.
What the heck? Stop chanting. It's a different thing.
This is a fully different thing, everyone. I'm pretty sure it's not that.
Oh, I see you brought your Legion of Bugs again.
Yeah, I bring a dark shroud with me wherever I go.
So, in case, as Chad is pointing out, it was Lord who had the low angle.
Crot shot album cover.
Peter saw a different photo of grimes from a low angle.
I don't remember her doing that, but maybe she did.
Anyway, hey everybody, it's your boy.
Jamesy.
Jamesy? No case.
Jamesy.
Isn't it just Jevrything?
If you have to ask, then I guess you're not part of the...
Jamesy Club.
What is this style of music?
It's soft pop ballad.
Yes, yes.
We'll just stop.
Never stop. We never stop.
We were just kids who were 25.
What? We never...
And we never were lovers.
You never were lovers?
Never were we were lovers.
I'm dropping a whole new style lately, case. You gotta keep up.
I really can't.
Jev... Jevrything?
I thought it was Jevs.
What I'm saying is that, and you say it's the other thing.
I don't... Congratulations on the many names that you've developed for yourself.
I've got a couple new names in development too, case.
Get ready for those to drop any day now.
I've been working on them for months.
Let's get into the news though that you shared.
Not only am I a quadriple-er talent.
I can sing, I can dance.
I can read a teleprompter or a side screen.
You can do it all. I really can...
It's the list is long of stuff I do.
Okay.
Oh, there's the story.
And also this is news.
This is all the chat news, actually, is what I've heard.
Metapattants.ai that takes over Dead Person's account to keep posting and chatting.
Great.
I was really worried that my mom's old Facebook account has been really inactive for a while.
And I wanted her Farmville updates to keep going.
You know, for my Jeza Memorial.
And now Meta's made that a reality.
But who knows what else it could do after they've been granted a patent outlining an AI system
capable of simulating users' activities on social media, including continue to post after their death.
As reported by Business Insider, this includes posts, comments, chats, voice messages,
likes and other interactions allowing the system to respond to content,
publish updates or message other users in a way that mirrors the original account holder.
Gosh, it's just so nice when you dream of a thing that everybody wants and then it happens.
Truly, I've... I just couldn't even count the number of times I've thought,
God, I want my dead relatives and friends to keep posting after they're dead.
I literally couldn't count all the times I've thought of that.
It's an uncountable number.
Logan Paul Pikachu Illustrator Breaks Record for most expensive card of all time.
How expensive, you might ask?
It's sold for $16,492,000.
And this is what it is.
Those are diamonds on there.
And it's not even a card from Pokemon Diamond.
Yeah.
Haha.
Haha.
Haha.
Haha.
Haha.
Haha.
Haha.
Okay, wait a second.
What are you doing?
Wait a second.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Haha.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What are you trying to do, Jefferything?
I was just trying to drop my song again.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I don't even... I'm not even going to comment on whatever that style is, Jefferything.
It's going to get you in trouble though if you keep singing like that.
I don't know what you mean.
Italy's famous lovers arch collapses into the sea on Valentine's Day.
What?
No!
The Lovers' Case?
Damn, on Valentine's Day?
God has a sense of humor, everybody.
I've always found him to be a little bit of a stick in the mud personally.
Or her.
Or it.
Are the lovers okay now?
No lovers survived, unfortunately.
And now we're all out.
On this day in 1991, do the Bartman hit number one in the UK with rumors that Michael Jackson wrote the lyrics.
And?
Pretty sure that means we have to play it.
I was just thinking the same thing.
Just leave this running over the next couple of stories.
You know, because we have a lot to get to today.
So just leave this running.
You don't have to ask me twice to let a thing play over me talking quietly in the background.
Mostly focused on my coverage though.
Oh wait, we gotta get the... we gotta get the extra...
There we go.
And that's the news.
A little bit more.
A little bit more news from everybody.
Bart!
Do the Bartman has a new meaning after that?
Oh no.
It seems like the...
amount of people that believe Michael Jackson was totally innocent has gone up in the last couple years.
And that the Epstein files, some people find them vindicating for him.
I haven't really looked into the Michael Jackson news.
That's because you're not doing the Bartman.
Alright, just see what people are posting.
Was that Michael Jackson in the files?
Yeah, that's what I haven't actually looked into it, but I've seen posts about how he's in the files,
but it's somehow good for him.
I don't know.
Yeah, that Neverland Ranch was a safe haven or something?
Guys, I have no idea.
Do your own research?
Isn't this the news though?
Guys, do your own research.
I can't spoon feed you everything.
But I could spoon feed you everything.
No, I don't use spoons.
Did you hear Elvis got added to the files?
Oh, they just dropped the Elvis patch?
Yeah, they did a big release.
They did a big release trailer for Elvis in the Jeb's...in the Jebstein files.
The Jebstein files?
That's what everybody's calling him right now.
Not to be confused with me.
And yes, I'm sorry that I used to be called Jeppery thing.
That was brief.
Dart's Player tries Winter Olympic Sport and ends up with penis injury.
The 36 year old Williams, famous for his theatrical display at the Oche, was in Switzerland.
During his visit to the El Pie Nation, the Englishman tried his hand at curling.
He was involved with a...wait, wait.
Williams playfully cautioned supporters to see it clear of the sport altogether.
Wait, what happened?
I'm just gonna search for the penis injury part.
There's a little two months context here.
I'm just here for the penis part of this.
All it says is Dart's professional Scott Williams has quit that his penis hurt following his attempt at a popular Olympic winter discipline.
Okay, that's the story.
Our biggest story of the day.
This guy who kind of looks like Case, his penis is in trouble.
He doesn't look that much like me.
He does.
Doesn't feel good that other people look like whoever the vice president is.
You don't know who the vice president is?
Whatever his name is?
JD Vance?
I don't know.
What if that's right?
Yeah.
He doesn't even look like JD Vance.
He looks a little like him.
Listen, not every white guy with a beard is JD Vance.
Keep telling yourself that, Case.
I wouldn't know if never had a beard.
My jawline is too sharp.
It cuts all the hair off.
Get a sleeve tattoo of the Joker?
You wish you could pull this off.
You need to be a sports legend to pull this off.
You might be right about that.
Kind of like so many tattoos I do feel kind of left out.
What should I get though?
I just don't feel like something I've ever thought of.
If only I had this sleeve tattoo, you could get all of your co-inkers tattooed all over your sleeves.
I would much rather have my arms cut off.
That can't be true.
It might be better than that.
A tattoo of Fiona that would be very funny to just be like,
I don't even see each other in a while, but check it out.
Full sleeve of Fiona tattoos.
A Papito tattoo.
Man, do you really want that on our arms?
Why wouldn't you, Case?
Explain why you wouldn't.
Yeah, well, it would be so bad about that.
What would be wrong with that, Case?
Papito, would you want a Papito tattoo?
I am a Papito tattoo.
I'm tattooed under reality itself, so I don't need one.
I think I'm good.
Case's first tattoo.
Guys, I can't get a genital slit tattoo, but if it's the words, that's maybe worse?
I'm not sure which is worse.
Matt Liddell.
He's got a beautiful musculature to his face.
I don't think muscle face Matt Liddell would be the tattoo I'd go with.
Maybe Prime Matt Liddell, aka real life Matt Liddell.
I'm getting a Matt Liddell tie and a Matt Liddell tattoo.
Why? Why do I need so much Matt Liddell on my body?
A lot of people have asked themselves that.
And then it just feels right.
Okay, okay, don't make assumptions about Matt Liddell's lifestyles.
Multiple lifestyles? Yes, Matt Liddell's various lifestyles.
Don't make assumptions.
Alright, unrelated to all of this, can we cover the news please?
Of course.
Does injecting your penis with hyaluronic acid accidentally...
Sorry, actually make it bigger and not by accident.
Does it actually work?
A tattoo of my cats?
I feel like the only way I would want a tattoo is if it was some kind of like design I really liked.
So Matt Liddell.
Let you know when I'm free, we can knock those both out in a day.
I think the tattoo is a little bigger of an ass than the tie.
Although maybe not, I'm very attached to this fish tie now.
But you were against the fish tie at one point, case.
So, and time the Matt Liddell tie will grow on you.
It needs to be similar.
If someone can design me a tie that isn't just a picture of Matt Liddell,
it's a full cutout of Matt Liddell.
Then I would be down.
The tie we can get made custom easy peasy.
So we need a picture of Matt and then we need a custom cutout of Matt Liddell.
If someone in chat wants to figure out how to make all this happen,
then fine, I will pay for it.
Why? I don't know.
We'll have to make it a sub goal.
If someone can figure out how to make a cutout Matt Liddell tie that works,
we'll make a sub goal and then we'll buy it.
A bin logo tattoo?
That would make more sense.
You already go so hard.
I don't understand why everyone's so against the fish tattoo suddenly.
Pay clobbering to do it?
I just need a quote.
Look, all I need for this to happen is I don't need to do any work.
I just have to pony up the money.
So let me know. Someone just figure that out for me.
It's so lazy.
I don't know. A life-sized tattoo?
Then I'm going to have a full Matt Liddell bib.
What's the problem with that?
At a certain point, it's too much.
I wrap around my neck.
Look, everybody needs a style.
Flavor Flavette o'clock.
Trump has all of that blood that he keeps in his pocket.
What?
And I have my beautiful face.
You can have Matt Liddell hanging around your neck.
I'm not getting a tattoo.
That's what you say now.
But wait till you see the design.
Get an apron of Matt's nude body.
Guys, come on.
No. I'm for it.
I'm for it.
I am not getting a nude Matt Liddell apron.
It feels like it's in bad taste.
To Matt.
Temporary tattoos, you got a printer.
I have a black and white printer.
Emoji versions of every bin corresponded.
At this point, I'm just going to get Randy Orton's sleeve tattoos.
If these are my options,
then just give me Randy Orton's sleeve tattoos.
You don't have the arms to pull it off.
I know. It'll be a lesser version.
I'll have to just work out all the time so that I can live up to the Randy Orton's sleeve tattoo.
Make bin temporary tattoos.
That would be kind of fun.
I don't even have emoji versions of all the face.
I guess I could just...
Hey, I could probably generate me that.
Look, we're not even learning about penis injections.
We're getting so distracted by all the body modifications that I could make.
Well, sometimes you got to go
with where the heat is, case.
So far, the most headline-making Olympic news
has been the stuff about dicks.
What a shocker.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Dicks? What a shocker.
The claim is that they've been jacking needles into their cocks
and filling them up with acid, the penises that is.
Does that seem far-fetched?
Well, there's been some scientific research on this.
And a study found that a 2-centimeter change in a ski suit
can give an extra 5.8 meters in jump length.
How that much is that in feet, 2.8 centimeters?
I don't know centimeters to feet.
What is it centimeters to inches is like 1 to 2 something?
Oh, wait.
No, 1 centimeter is 0.39 inches.
So, yeah, it's like 2.2 inches or something.
2.54 centimeters per inch.
But, man, my ability to do decimal math is not great.
So...
Yeah, apparently you can add a whole inch of penis
adds somehow more fly power.
I feel like it should be less.
I guess more...
I guess more mass in the crotch area
give you more length in the jump area.
I don't claim to understand how it works.
Wait, did he say...
Did Kase say, please don't say it?
What, science?
J-God, it's science-time, it's science-time.
Awwww.
You really thought you could get away with talking about
jankenon corks and not involve me in this whole situation?
It's honestly rude.
They're being rude to me
but not preemptively throwing to me
before discussing the sweet-skines of how
big penis make you jump better.
And that's just a fact.
Can't deny that that's a full-ass fact.
You know what I mean, chita?
Um, yeah?
Yeah?
Yeah, I guess.
You don't sound that enthusiastic.
Sorry, I was re-confabulating.
What does that mean?
I'm just sort of activating my synapses...
or something.
You okay today?
Are you being fucked up?
I feel completely normal.
I don't have time for whatever's going on with him.
I gotta talk about this.
Jamming needles into your cock and
just playing acid in all the veins in there
makes it a big, girthy boy.
Okay?
Skyentifically, that's what I have to talk about.
I agree with everything you just said.
Thank you.
To continue
before I was rudely
interrupting.
Does jamming a whole-ass knife
covered in acid into your penis to make it huge sound
fucked up?
Incorrect.
There's actually been skyentific research on this.
A 2025 skyentific study published by Frontiers
found that a 2 centimeter change makes you jump real far.
There's currently no proof that ski jumpers use any sort of penis filler.
But the allegations are raising questions about how effective,
hyaluronic acid is,
and when it comes to increasing penis size...
Oh, that's all sense.
Wondering if it's legit?
We talked to the urologists to find out,
well, urologists hate making your cock big.
They've been like this forever.
For as long as I've studied penis skyents,
urologists are always like,
you can't make it big and nasty.
Well, tell that to my...
Mine is always big, but I make it even bigger every day by
straight up doing penis squats.
And the world's not ready to learn how I do that yet.
So I'm doing private studies right now.
I will release my research eventually.
But you can do it with penis squats.
And there's other ways as well.
Mine is just the most effective.
Penis squats? I have no record of exactly what penis squats are.
The name doesn't even really explain how to do it,
so just when I'm ready, I will share that.
They talk to four experts.
Chris Bustamante, a highly-indemand nurse practitioner,
who does penis injections at lustful aesthetics in New York,
adds that hyaluronic acid filler adds volume under the penile skin.
The filler physically occupies space
and creates a sort of customizable, non-permanent, injectable implant.
This won't increase length, but he says that it does add girth,
both when the penis is flacid and direct.
It makes men go from growers to showers.
I like to be both, personally.
Uh, name your sex tape?
Cheddar biz dick.
You got any for me? You're supposed to be able to generate this stuff.
Shed sex tape.
I should have clarified that I wanted puns.
Martin Groce, a urologist with dark-muth health,
adds that the length of that hyaluronic acid filler
might add to the penis is pretty minor,
and only noticeable when flacid.
That's when you least want people to notice, or the most,
if you're in the right showering room,
where they frown, they're sort of not as into you being fully erect.
Like at certain gyms, it's totally normal to be fully erect in the locker room,
and obviously you want to show off that you've got a huge hog,
but in some gyms it's better to be flacid and show off that you have a huge hog.
So just depending on your gym, you might want to use this.
Big Chat Her, Sex Pun 2 Co.
That one got me.
Oh no, I got it.
Two Chats, one cup.
That's the name of my beer pong instructional video that I made in college.
Because a lot of my frat didn't quite get how beer pong worked,
and I had to explain it to them.
It was me playing against myself, and I just had one cup,
and I was moving between sides to show the proper form for shooting.
Release the tape, that's got to be a sub-goal if I'm going to look for that thing.
Line it up!
Alex Tatum, and this is the last one that we'll read,
because I think we've made our point.
A urologist who does hyaluronic acid injections regularly says
that it's best to spread injections out over four sessions
instead of getting all the filler at once.
When hyaluronic acid,
penis injections first started in the 2010s,
researchers in Korea would give the filler all at once,
but it ended up making the penis look kind of like Humpty Dumpty.
You hate it when that happens.
Filler can migrate, which is why it's best to get it done slowly.
Slow and steady, fills the cock up with growth acid, is what I always say.
And look, if you're feeling secure about your penis size, just know
it's not about becoming accepting of your body,
and it's not like it's easy to find partners for whom size is really not that important.
No, you want to jam your penis full of acid.
That is the takeaway that you should have from this entire segment.
Never feel comfortable with your body.
Put acid into your body, and it'll fix everything.
That's really inspirational.
Thank you. I believe that we can do this.
Together, we can believe in ourselves.
Jam a bunch of acid into our cocks,
and slowly but surely, like the phoenix, we will rise
with a Humpty Dumpty shaped monster penis that's about one inch thicker.
Cut my music. That's all I need to say.
Thank you for inspiring us all again.
That's my job, I think.
The job of Skies is to inspire the next generation to put even more acid in their penis.
Okay, let's keep it moving today.
There's even more shit for people to say and stuff to do.
So it's time for munchcut or something.
What are they on the other guy, the bald guy?
Yes!
Ooh!
Oh, man, I'm looking good today.
I'm feeling myself today.
Just kidding, I feel myself every day.
So does Crumb, but not in a good way.
When he feels himself, it ends up in a certain email list.
Anyway, he's here.
If we can just move on from the ridiculous segment earlier
that made any sort of implication that I'm in the F-Sheen Vile,
that would be great because I really have enough on my plate right now.
But this debate today I'm actually pretty excited for
because, uh, who is a better hand game, Crumb or Munch?
Shit, you're ahead in the playing count.
You think I was gonna pick you?
Obviously you'd wanna pick me, because it's so obvious.
That's alright, everybody.
Saladon, I know you're excited about my hand game.
I don't even really agree with this entire hand game thing
that you just made up one time.
It's a real thing.
It's legitimately a thing.
I mean, really, I was doing it before the gooners, okay?
Mind you, art.
I'm not bussed in 20 times a day.
All I need is one good bust a week.
That's the level of hand game I got.
I don't even have to practice that much anymore.
It is the truly skilled samurai who rarely draws their sword.
That's not even a saying.
Yeah, but it's a thing I say about my penis.
Anyway, my hand game's number one.
It's me.
I disagree with the concept that this is even a competitive practice.
But if it were, I'm the best at it.
So, de facto, I win.
Is hand game not talking about Naruto stuff?
Well, it's sorta like hand signals, in a sense.
Anyway, I'm on the side of the best to ever do it.
It's not bragging when it's a fact.
Best hand game in the world, me.
So, I'll go with me.
And I don't even know what the fuck you're talking about.
So, me.
It's not a thing, but me.
If there's a mod that can make that debate,
I have a better hand game than Crumb.
I bet he crushes his penis like a monkey breaking up peanuts.
There's not even a thing that...
...meekies do.
Um, okay.
How to even start...
...explaining what makes mine so good.
Um, you can't even talk about it.
Well, look, there's just so much to get into.
Okay, look. A lot of guys, they go in immediately with a really firm grip.
And obviously, firmness is one of the aspects of pleasure.
But there's also teasing, progressing.
There's the many tactile ways that you can affect skin.
A gentle touch, a firm touch.
The T, you can actually sort of trick yourself into teasing your own body.
Let's quit. Let's call this debate off.
You can sort of, um...
There's pre-complay.
Please, cancel the...
I don't admit defeat, but cancel the debate.
Is there a button to do that?
Um, look, because if you're really good,
you can sort of affect your own shelf to self-lubricate.
It is the weak master who blames his tool for not lubricating his own penis.
And the way I do it, the way that I can sort of even take just one finger
and kind of activate certain senses that a lot of guys don't even realize they have.
Um, and then of course you can come and you sort of want to make it a symphony.
You want to start... You can start hard, go soft.
The point is you want to play all the notes.
A lot of guys, they're playing the same note the whole time.
The grip can be softer. The grip can be harder.
The fingers can be in many different configurations.
Probably a lot of people didn't even... They think this is rock and roll.
No, there's just... You can jerk off like this.
Oh my God.
I'm better at it than... Look, just listen to what he's saying.
Okay? I jerk off like an actual person.
And I don't even ever have to jerk off. It's just that I'm so good
that sometimes I am the best sex partner even for myself.
You... That was a... We... You won by two?
I'd say I won by spewing out practical vice on how to blast out jizz.
You are so believable. I was talking out.
You wanted Crumb to lose, but he sounded too...
He... You talked the whole time.
Well, what's your techniques then?
I would say that you got to touch your dick hard and soft.
There's more to it than that.
But I'd say those are the two primary notes to hand game. Sure.
But if you really... If you just think it's all about harder, soft,
and honestly, you're at too novice of a level for me to really explain.
I don't want to... I didn't want to know any of that ever.
To be clear, I would have loved to have died, never having heard the things that you said.
If only... But I never will die.
Also, because I'm immortal, so...
Unfortunately, I have to live with this knowledge until the universe experiences heat death,
and I'm reborn like Galactus into the next universe.
Anyway, I'm just talking about how I jerk off real good,
and I don't really care about what you just said.
I got a hand game that could make a...
You don't even have a... You don't even have a metaphor for this.
I got a hand game that could make a Henry Kissinger drop bombs.
Sorry, I'm working on it. I'm trying to do some more Dennis Leary style commentary.
Was that in the vicinity of that?
Dennis Leary? Why? I don't know.
He's kind of been out of the zeitgeist for a while.
I'm thinking there might be an open lane there.
To be kind of the new Dennis Leary.
Can we end the segment early?
Can we... Can we demolish the studio, actually?
Can we sort of scrub this from existence?
I'll just come back with a show just called Munch. Wouldn't that be nice?
People know who the star is here. Let's be real.
Let's be real. You know what the score really is at this point?
It's like the opposite of this is my point.
I literally have 308 points. You have 20.
Yeah, but you know it's a lie. You know that really.
I'm on top. I basically never lose at this point.
It's because a star is born.
Hop it off!
You see what I did at the end there? We were arguing. I think I nailed that.
Who will the new Dennis Leary steal jokes from?
Do you even have the right guy? Isn't Dennis Leary?
I think you're thinking of... Dennis Leary is the wrong guy.
You're thinking of the other Dennis.
You're thinking of Dennis Miller, you dumbass.
Oh shoot. How do you get those two confused?
A bunch of more Dennis Leary jokes.
He's doing coffee flavored coffee jokes.
If anything, I would be the new Dennis Leary.
Because I'm an angry everyman telling it like it is.
Should I do that instead?
No! You are in... You just spent two minutes talking about how you tease your penis to masturbate.
It's not all about teasing. Sometimes you come in...
It's about riding the mood munch.
You sometimes you come in full force, obviously.
Like a wild ape, you know, trying to defend his territory but with one hand.
Because the other hand's busy.
Who's that Dennis Miller like?
Oh wait, let me try that again.
Like Boris Krzysztof trying to fend off...
Fend off...
Rightus...
Serfs.
Is that...
Is that Miller like?
No!
I gotta practice if I want to fill in that lane.
So expect a lot more obscure political references tied to my metaphors.
You don't know any heads of state anymore because...
And you do. I know them all.
I'm gonna see.
I'll take notes. I'll take notes from Google trash.
Well, another easy win.
So you can end this. Now I'm not gonna end this segment because you asked me to.
I'm a little turned on from all my talk so I'd really love to end this segment.
Oh my god. Okay, you know what?
I'm ending the experiment that is consciousness.
Sorry everybody, we're at the blink out of existence.
And the only person you have to blame is Crumb.
The great cosmic eye that watches us all has seen enough and I am pretty sure...
This is it. So apologies for the apocalypse that you have wrought.
But I can only assume that we will cease to exist within the next few seconds...
Because of who you are and what you do.
And you have made us all fail the test of existence.
So sad for us.
But we will... I will never die and we will see you soon.
Have a good one everybody. Bye bye.
All these clementons in chat.
No, it's me.
And then the guy doing this for a minute.
Case promise me to update this segment and make it a call in segment.
He still hasn't done that.
So I've just been waiting in the lurch to see these changes developed and they haven't yet.
But those are coming for the record.
I'm holding him to that thing that he said once.
Let's see.
What was requested today?
What... The guy needs to seek the truth about gargoyles.
Boy, that is a really great... That is a good one.
Because I've been meaning to figure this out.
Because they've been around for a while.
Since the 90's I've known that they live in New York and they're named after rivers and stuff.
I'm going to find Hudson one of these days and I'm going to demand that he defend my house.
Because I think that's what they do.
You put them up as a statue and then they're stuck.
They basically have to work for you forever.
That's not slavery. It's like spiritual or something.
Anyway, we'll get to the bottom of it.
And to do this we will of course honor the traditions of conspiratorial research.
Go to YouTube and type in gargoyle conspiracy.
And just see what kind of the seven conspiracies about the Denver airport.
How is this related to gargoyles?
Well, there's only a four minute video so I guess we can find out.
Let's see.
I am legitimately curious how the Denver airport could possibly be related to my search query.
Oh my God, what's happening back there?
The real conspiracy is why are those on still?
Sort of works, whatever.
It went over $2 billion while building this airport, is that true?
I don't know.
Okay, I know it was way over $2 billion.
So it went over budget. It went way over the budget.
The following are facts.
Construction of the airport fell 16 months behind schedule.
Oh my God.
And went $2 billion over budget with a final cost of $4.8 billion.
Was it because of gargoyle?
Here are some of the theories.
In the Denver airport, there is supposedly an underground facility meant to act as an emergency bunker for the global elite
made up of billionaires, world leaders, politicians, and celebrities.
Another theory suggests that there is a...
I've always known that about Denver.
Because people always are like, I'm in Denver. It's got so nice, but...
I always...
Every time I'm there, I'm like, there's pedophile tunnels under this city.
So it's good to see that confirmed beyond a shadow of a doubt.
A vast underground network of new world order command bunkers.
And another theory suggests that there is a FEMA concentration camp for future use.
There's a lot of conspiracy theories about the airport here when they were first building it, you know.
Especially in the bottom part.
I know FEMA's going to get around to using their concentration camps eventually.
And that's why I've always said cut disaster relief funding.
Because...
They should call it disaster. They're funding the disasters.
This is my point.
The lower part of the airport here, you know, where the baggage comes in.
An airport construction worker claimed that the schedule delay had been because five multi-storied buildings had been built beneath the airport.
The same construction worker, along with others, reportedly said that there was a complex network of tunnels beneath the airport.
It was later determined that these underground tunnels may actually now be home to the airport's rail system.
Beegrendle DHS is currently using concentration camps.
Oh, they're in Denver?
Interesting.
Interesting.
Because I mean, it is scary to consider that these things could be real.
And like actively being used on a massive scale.
Can you imagine that was in the news like every day that that was just happening?
But instead we gotta watch a conspiracy about it.
When you enter the Denver Airport, there's a horse statue officially titled Mustang.
But nicknamed Blucifer, and is thought to be cursed.
One conspiracy about the horse statue is that it represents the fourth horseman of the apocalypse.
Which represents death, spoken about in the biblical book of revelations.
Its eyes glow red, a weird fiery red in the middle of the night.
The horse statue actually fell on its-
That is weird.
I mean, anytime something looks cool, there's a good chance it's doing some devil shit.
And that's not a compliment to the devil, okay? Just cause he looks cool to the meaning, is cool, alright?
Just cause he's like, this is like how a middle of cool smoke in a cigarette.
But, you know, cigarettes are mind control devices implanted by...
...FEMA, actually, all the way from the 1920s.
Weird fiery red in the middle of the night.
The horse statue actually fell on its sculptor, killing him by severing one of his arteries.
We made it to the Denver Airport dedication stone.
If you look closely, you can see that they have the Freemason logo.
Clear and proud.
The Freemasons are a secret terminal society that's allegedly the largest in the world.
This secret society has existed at least since the 18th century, but possibly as far back as the Middle Ages.
The Freemasons have had many powerful members throughout history which has made people suspect-
An eye? You know what else has an eye? That horse statue.
Ridiculous. They're just doing it openly in our faces.
Having horse statues, having societies that work openly influential back in the day, or maybe still are.
This is about the organization's intentions.
The date that the airport was dedicated was March 19, 1994, and that number equals 33, which is the highest level that you can get to in Freemasonry.
This mural is titled, In Peace and Harmony, by Nature,
and is supposed to address the destruction of the environment.
Look at these two monkeys. That represents Bill and Melinda Gates.
Not a lot of people know this, but whenever you see depictions of two orange monkeys, you know that Bill and Melinda Gates, that is their calling card.
Terrifying. Their divorce is a total cover-up in my opinion.
This mural is titled, Children of the World, Dream of Peace, and is supposed to represent the wish to get rid of violence in society.
Just seeing the couple murals that are here in Denver, there's four in this airport.
Oh, shit, two more officers out here.
They're pretty much showing different ways of how the Illuminati affects life in every way.
The Denver Office of Cultural Affairs has publicly outlined the process of choosing artwork for the airport.
A project selection panel made up of community members and artists is appointed to...
...we're supposed to believe a guy that looks this cool.
He's working on airport art.
Clear devil sign.
Because this guy's rocking a sick style.
I'm going to level you guys.
The cut's looking good. The beard's looking trimmed.
And he's next to...let's be real.
Another hottie.
Just front and center rubbing in our faces.
Cool devil. She'll leave this lady's hat.
I don't trust any of this.
Choose the artwork.
But it must be approved by several government committees in the mirror before being commissioned.
There's the committee.
Dead women that look like they're all from three different nationalities.
No.
We have a letter from a child who died in Auschwitz in the Denver airport.
So I don't understand the connection between me trying to catch my flight and having to run into this.
God.
They're just rubbing in our faces.
In an international airport in the United States.
They're putting all the cultures in there.
These international airports used to represent this country.
Okay.
And I'm tired of every airport I go to.
Whether it's in Houston or Azerbaijan.
There's so much internationalism going on.
Okay. I want America.
I want airports to be American again.
I don't care where they are.
That's our right.
Okay.
As a place that invented airport.
The Wright brothers were right about one thing and that's that planes are American.
I can't even watch anymore of this.
The real gargoyles are the planes in the sky.
Okay.
They are stone structures that came to life.
They shouldn't be able to fly.
And yet somehow they do.
How does that make sense?
You ever seen something as heavy as a plane fly.
That isn't a plane.
I'm pretty sure I rest my case actually.
I don't even I can't even keep talking about this because I'm just going to get too upset.
And I think that video pretty much explained it all.
The show Gargoyles was propaganda make you think our girls are cute.
What they really are is assets of the state brought to life by the power of Satan to turn into planes that we all run around in.
That's right.
I'm accusing the entire airplane industry of being satanic and powered by gargoyles turned into planes.
And I'm sorry.
And I'm tired of that sounding crazy to people.
How?
Uh, uh, Skymer asks how is the jet fuel not melting the steel inside the plane?
That's an excellent question.
If it's so good at melting things, how come it's not melting the planes and all people in it?
Because those things are literally filled with fuel.
And yet they're just flying around despite also being heavy as fuck.
You think it's because I put two big old stone wings on an elephant it could fly?
Why try that?
Put big old wings on an elephant and push it off a cliff and see what happens.
Because Hannibal and not Burris the old one tried that.
And it didn't work too good.
He had to literally walk over a mountain instead.
Hey, what do we just swallow the stuff hook line and sinker that planes work?
Well, the thing that they're working on is your mind by controlling it.
Okay.
So you're flying around in the objects of Satan crafted by the devil himself.
And they used to ornament buildings, but they turn them all into planes and now they fly them around.
And you can see a lot of signs of this in the movie Aviator.
Do you think he went crazy because of normal reasons?
No.
He's drinking milk and fucking jerking off in bathtubs in the end of his life because he knew that all of his planes were gargoyles.
And I've already said too much.
I have to go, I literally have to go blast off into an even more secret bunker than the one I'm currently in.
Because I've dropped so much truth today that I do not think it is safe for me to remain on camera for even another second.
So I'll send it to our next segment, which I think is a robot.
There's something?
Am I right? It's like a robot or something?
Anyway, it's time to summer.
Apparently, AI Rooney.
There are a lot of no-nothing fools who don't appreciate the modern art of being trapped in some of the places in Oise.
I know this is true.
Because I'm one of those no-nothing fools.
Let it go totally black to build some anticipation.
You get double the jet today, double the power of skies.
And I'm not going to waste any time.
I'm turning this shit on right now.
Exclamation point RR is now active.
Submit your complaints about the modern, failing flesh world with Exclamation Point RR.
I don't even have to explain it. That's how advanced this technology is.
My robot can literally explain it for us.
Some people say, hey, it's disrespectful.
Andy Rooney is his own guy.
Some people even tell me he's still alive.
But he's not. He did pass away in 2011, actually.
Supposedly.
Some people say, hey, you're spit on the grave of a good man with what you're doing.
It's actually evil.
What you're doing is actually extremely evil.
Well, that's something you can complain about, actually.
Because that's what this whole segment is about.
Exclamation Point RR is how you do it.
Think when we get to 15 complaints, it fills up.
And then we'll just run through them.
And I've been working non-stop on cleaning this guy up.
Sometimes there's a couple little bugs in the system,
but mostly he's just as good as a real human being that complains about stuff.
So, you'll see.
You know what I mean?
I'll do a little banter.
Rooney?
No?
Okay.
It's a pass from Rooney on a little polite banter.
That's fine.
Look at him.
All right.
He's loaded up.
He's fully loaded with complaints.
Let's get into it.
Oh my God.
The controls here are so advanced that sometimes I'm scared to even start
because they're just such advanced controls.
Okay, let's go.
Rooney, bring it on.
Complain integrated.
Gear's ground.
What's up?
Shit.
Is he broken again?
God damn it.
Okay.
Apologies for that first one.
I'm going to have to open the back end up here.
Rooney, you son of a bitch.
I just bragged about how you work flawlessly and you immediately pay back my kindness with cruelty.
Okay, one second.
I can fix this.
There's still time.
Okay, okay, okay.
Where the fuck is he?
All right, all right, all right.
Delete that one.
I do think he can be fixed.
I think he can be rehabilitated.
I believe in this.
I believe in his powers.
Okay, okay.
Let's see if this works now.
Let's test him.
This is a test message.
Okay, you better shape up.
You already wasted someone's awesome angry comment by being a dick.
Complain integrated.
Gear's ground.
Live and sleazy got me thinking.
Modern comes like concrete, thick and sticky, a nasty jizz that weighs a ton.
Gone are the days of smooth, silky love juice that flowed like sweet nectar.
Bring back the delicate, easy glide of the past.
Um, the comments are a little...the onscreen is not apparently fully...let me fix one
other thing because that can't be what he was supposed to say.
Um, let's just...let me just try one other thing.
Okay.
This is just technical difficulties, everybody.
Obviously, complaints about Comer Valid, but that was a little...we're supposed to be...I'm
trying to sell this actually as a children's show.
That's the long-term goal for this is I'm going to try to sell this to, um, TBS
kids.
It's a thing that they're launching.
It's TBS for kids.
So, uh, let's just...let's clean it up.
Hey, Aruni, if we can.
Okay, um, let's see if I can fix this.
All right, there's that.
And then we save.
Okay.
And go.
Complaint integrated.
Gear's ground.
Cycor got me thinking.
There it is.
Okay.
You did this last time, too.
I don't...the foot thing is not what he...he was trying to talk about the penis injections
that we were talking about.
Okay, just...I'll do a little more back-end work as we speak.
He will be good to go in just a second.
Complaint integrated.
Gear's ground.
Skymyre got me thinking.
I'm going to go get a new one.
I'm going to get a new one.
Okay.
I'm going to get a new one.
Okay.
Gear's ground.
Skymyre got me thinking.
It's sky-brain.
Cromba used to have a certain charm, a filthy elegance.
Now it's a wasteland of debauchery, oozing with synthetic nonsense and faux decadence.
Let the decay rain, but I mourn the past.
What?
Let the decay rain, but I mourn the past?
What are you even trying to...
Okay, he's doing his thing.
It takes a lot of GPUs to get him to work, so...
He does overheat a little bit still.
I haven't even entirely worked that out.
But it's fine.
He will not explode this time.
Honestly, last time he didn't even explode, he just sort of became a corpse.
But I think I fixed that, so...
Complaint integrated.
Gear's ground.
Yes.
Sabrichi got me thinking.
Today's sandwiches are fluffier than a cloud of bullshit.
What?
Where's the gritty texture and smell of real sand?
Just give me a gritty artisanal mess.
Not this whip nonsense.
Real sand?
I guess that's fair.
I mean, why is it called that?
See, that's what I'm talking about.
That's what I like from you, Rooney.
When you really make me think about something in a new way.
Let's keep more of that.
Complaint integrated.
Gear's ground.
Metal chaos got me thinking.
I'm talking about feet, not bodily fluids.
What?
Remember when feet were small, stinky and sexy?
Now they're bland.
Bring back those petite, fragrant foot wonders.
Why did you refuse?
No, you're not allowed to do that.
You talk about the complaints that are submitted.
That's the whole gimmick here.
If they want to talk about cum, you talk about cum.
Okay, Rooney?
I will not have this on my...
Complaint integrated.
Gear's ground.
The sinister dev got me thinking.
Modern feet are bland.
Size 12 monstrosities that smell like disinfected plastic.
Bring back the dainty, fragrant tootsies that made life sweet and sweaty.
So f***ing sexy, dammit.
What?
Why did you curse?
I told you never to curse.
This one was a layup.
It was everything sucks.
Everybody agrees with that.
Complaint integrated.
Gear's ground.
Propaganda underscore V2 got me thinking.
Flesh?
What a rancid, greasy disaster.
You can't toss it in a fryer like chicken nuggets.
Bring back those golden nuggets over this tender repulsive slop.
Give me crunch over squish any day.
I'm just not gonna comment on that one.
Look, at least he's holding up just fine for Rooney.
Keep it together, okay?
You literally are only at number six.
Complaint integrated.
Gear's ground.
John Michael got me thinking.
Okay.
Because society thrives on melodrama,
everyone's clinging to existential bullshit instead of facing reality.
Embrace the absurdity,
but dam if the dream isn't a more fragrant escape.
No, he's talking about being stuck in a dream like Snake Eater.
I guess that's sort of related, but try to stay specific Rooney.
I shouldn't be having to coach you through this.
You're literally supposed to be the expert.
Complaint integrated.
Gear's ground.
CardKing underscore 01 got me thinking.
Yeah?
Climate change promised us a hellish landscape and badass chaos.
Not half-assed weather complaints.
Where's my goddamn wasteland and roaring engines?
Instead, we've got sad veggies and boring news.
Okay, sure.
That's kind of fun.
At least he didn't bring it back to feet.
It's a little nihilistic, but I guess so is Rooney.
He complains about everything.
Complaint integrated.
Gear's ground.
MSG1138 got me thinking.
Peter should be locked inside that wall, suffocating in his own mediocrity.
Back when we had real characters, they lived larger than life.
Not hiding like cowards.
Let's seal him in forever.
Okay, honestly, that's just an easy-to-agree with one.
Complaint integrated.
Gear's ground.
XanderRFFXI got me thinking.
Every fucking thing's ruined now.
Remember when dainty feet reeked of a toe-curling funk that made legs weak?
Now it's just oversized, bland, stankless monstrosities.
Bring back the sexy.
What does that have to do with Disney?
It was a very specific complaint, Rooney.
Jesus.
Complaint integrated.
Gear's ground.
Love the hate got me thinking.
Limited edition flavors used to be tantalizing treasures, now a cheap parade of fleeting fads.
Give me the robust stench of yesteryear over this flavor vomit, a bland menu of desensitized tongues.
And tasty toes?
Just another artificial synthetic in this grotesque circus.
Even the taste of feet is too synthetic was where you took that?
You have one chance to redeem yourself, Rooney.
Please, get it together.
Complaint integrated.
Gear's ground.
TravisGwag got me thinking.
Back in the day, feet were petite and smelled like glorious cheese.
Now they're oversized and antiseptic.
Give me the charm of stinky, sexy feet any day over this bland, modern BS.
The Olympics.
The Olympics.
Jesus Christ.
Well, hey.
I guess he was good for some of them and on the bright side he didn't break.
All right.
He just fully morphed into a skeleton again.
He don't even explode anymore.
That is so anticlimactic.
Honestly, that is just ridiculous.
Okay.
Okay.
I will fix you one more time.
I will fix you one more time.
I did.
I turned down the internal thermostographer of his explosivity device.
Apparently, Kay's got a phone call from Kendall, so I'm being told I have to send it back to the newsroom.
I wonder if I could get any more out of him, but I guess he's...
I guess he's dead.
I guess he's dead today.
He does have a beautiful smile.
He could use some teeth whitening strips.
Honestly, I guess we all could.
You should get those things a little wider.
Because if you're going to have your teeth out all the time, you know, I don't know why I'm talking to him.
He died.
All right.
That's it for now.
Let's send it back to the newsroom so that Kay's can call his girlfriend.
Because that's how he runs the news establishment, I guess.
We have to call Kendall.
Chet ignored her call.
Not a lot of people know this, but every time I throw a new segment, I give them my phone.
Just in case.
Because I need to focus over here on news.
I have to let her know right away that she's...
Live.
To the dozens and dozens of fans.
Is she going to not pick up?
No, she's not going to pick up.
Hello, you're on the stream.
Just heads up.
Okay.
How are you doing?
I just got back to my hotel.
Are you done for the day?
I'm done for heaven.
Wow, guys.
She's out of town.
She's in a whole other city right now.
Too big for one town.
Chet says hi.
I probably have about an hour of this stream left.
Do you think you'll still be awake?
Yeah, I'm going to be packing.
Okay.
If you want to watch a really unlikable black guy play a Pokemon game, that's what will be happening.
I won't be watching.
I know.
I know you won't.
What if I told you that it was a guy that looks like me but with a more fucked up face and really long hair?
You know, you don't know that you say that.
I'm going to make sure I definitely don't tune in by accident.
Okay, cool.
Cool, cool, cool, cool, cool.
Well then I guess I'll just call you when I'm done.
I guess I'll just do that.
Okay, I'll talk to you soon.
Okay, bye bye.
I love even though you hate my stream.
I love you anyway.
Absolutely, absolutely.
Okay, bye.
Now she'll probably tune in, you know, because how could she resist?
She's not gonna.
She's not a chance.
I already did.
Doesn't sound like you did.
I just don't get why she wouldn't want to watch this stream.
Yeah, what the fuck?
I'll never get it.
I'll never get it.
Okay, let's send it to Crypto Zeus to play Pokemon Red or whichever one was...
I downloaded the right one, don't worry.
It's probably not red.
I just can't remember.
We have the right one.
It's his problem, not mine.
It's game time, everybody.
Great.
Okay, we all are back.
All right.
I'll drink some water real quick.
Fresh out the tap, guys.
Mom, I just started.
What?
Literally just started, mom.
That's right.
We've got you.
You're the main attraction.
It's no surprise.
God, I like your style.
You're the perfect distraction.
Mom, she's showering.
She sings in the shower.
That's her favorite artist.
I think it's like John Mayer or something or that.
I don't like music.
Like, on the record, I don't listen to music.
Okay.
Today we're playing a fucking classic.
We're playing Digimon or something.
Do what?
What, mommy?
I didn't hear.
I didn't hear, so.
I'll just ignore her.
Okay.
Boom.
We're good to go, I think.
Let's just actually get into it.
Oh, it's not showing for you guys.
What?
Why isn't it showing?
Mom, I'm trying to troubleshoot.
Oh, I'm trying to get into it.
Mom, I'm trying to troubleshoot.
Oh, I can't fullscreen it.
Mommy, so much.
Mommy, I...
Mommy, I think I won't.
Mom, shut up.
It's a...
It's a drama-based economy.
That's what streaming is, okay?
It's not my fault if I have to beef with other streamers.
I gotta turn this game way the hell down.
It is way too loud.
Mommy, I don't care what you're cooking right now.
I'm literally...
This is what makes money for the family is my stream ventures.
Brand brands take on female streamers.
Um...
I don't really consider it streaming when a woman does it.
And look, I know people are gonna say that sounds sexist.
It's not...
Look, all I'm saying is I don't believe...
I don't think they're streaming if it's a woman.
And people are gonna say that sounds sexist,
but like, why?
Geez, your mom talks a lot.
Let's co-op this Pokemon thing.
Okay.
I don't know why I can't full-screen this,
but like, literally, I can't.
And I'm like, I know that's fucked up,
but like, literally, I can't.
Um, maybe I can add this just as its own thing.
One second.
Okay, we go over here, press F11.
No, that doesn't do it.
I gotta go, because I got me a drop top.
And if I hit the switch,
Oh, there we go.
and make the ass drop.
Had to stop at a red light,
looking in my mirror, not a jacker in sight.
And everything's all right.
Mom.
Mom, seriously, stop.
You're...
You don't need to shower this much.
Okay.
I think I'm in.
I think I have jacked into the mainframe.
Like I'm...
burn cycling.
Yeah, I get it.
Uh, in the world which you are about to enter,
you will embark on a grand adventure with you as the hero.
Mom, I'm trying to read the Pokemon stuff.
Mom, stop.
She's saying,
Mom.
She's like,
Mom.
Brand, Brand, something's wrong.
The drugs are hitting bad.
Mommy.
Brand, the outside is coming in
and I don't like it.
Mom,
I'm trying to name the Pokemon
or something.
This is Professor Oak.
Welcome to the world of Pokemon.
His name is Oak.
Maybe he's not a professor.
I don't even know if he's accredited.
People affectionately refer to me as the Pokemon Professor.
It's the world inhabited by creatures called Pokemon,
like this fucking rat.
Some people, Pokemon are pets.
Others use them to fight them like animals.
Like dog fighting, but cute.
But first, tell me a little about yourself.
Mom, I'm playing this right now.
Stop.
All right, ladies.
Mom.
Mom.
Mom.
Okay.
Oh my God, the whole thing?
Okay, anyway, I'm going to be a girl
because everybody's always saying I hate women.
Oh, really? Do I?
Look, I'm playing one right now.
I literally am wearing one like a skin suit.
And my name is, of course,
the one that I'm playing with.
I'm playing with you.
You keep me and I'll keep you.
Pokemon.
Gotta catch them all.
Gotta catch them all.
Yeah.
Every challenge along the way.
There you go.
Some chick.
I will battle.
See, I'm not sexist.
Okay, here we go.
Come with me.
The time is right.
Oh yeah, pastor.
I'm the real snake eater.
It's so good.
Snake, don't listen to my mom say this stuff.
Mom.
Stop praying.
Oh, snake.
Stop.
Brick.
Brick.
Brick lizard.
Stop.
Okay, thank God.
So your name is some chick.
Yes, it is.
This is my grandson.
He's been your rival since you were both babies.
What's his name now?
What the hell?
I can't make it.
Oh, I can make it.
Okay, chat.
I'll let you pick this one.
Using the power of internet stuff.
What's my rivals?
My rivals name?
It's eight letters.
Wait, seven letters only.
Okay.
Don't mess this up.
You can tell the exclamation point.
Oh, followed by the name.
And if it's more than seven, I can't put it in.
So you know.
I'll have to just put in some of it.
Snake, why are you still here?
You're taking up precious screen real estate.
Brick.
Okay, there we go.
Oh my God.
What, Brick?
There's a dummy code to inject acid into your penis.
Kendall will then watch for sure.
I don't care about that stuff.
That's not what this stream is about.
Twerkle, Dix, Gary, Slitly.
Yeah, Slitly.
And pastor JD.
The winner was Slitly.
Guys.
That's fucked up.
That was my dad's name.
But fine.
In honor of my father, Slitly, I'll put this in.
What?
What are you trying to say, Snake?
I mean, Brick.
Was it Slitly?
Yeah, that's in honor of my father.
That's right.
I remember now.
His name is Slitly.
RIP, dad.
Chick.
Some chick.
Your very own Pokemon legend is about to unfold.
A world of dreams and adventures with Pokemon Awaits.
Let's go.
Guys, you're going to be a great player.
I'm going to be a great player.
Dreams and Adventures with Pokemon Awaits.
Let's go.
Guys, you're starter Pokemon.
I bet you are a Squirtle loser.
Are you?
No.
It's not even the optimal Pokemon, but I always pick the fire one because it's straight fire.
All girls dream of traveling.
Sento on TV.
Okay, we don't have time for conversations.
I got to cut a fucking warpath through this game.
Pallet Town.
Just give me what I need immediately.
Where's your dad?
Where's Professor Oak?
I need him to put his shit out.
Is that Pokemon Red I hear?
No.
That's Fire Red.
Yeah.
We get the...
What?
Hey, Bran Bran, remember Quicksplay Pokemon?
Yeah.
When Quicksplayed Pokemon?
Now that was cool.
I was there Bran Bran.
I was there.
Where's this guy that I need to talk to?
I've played...
Obviously I'm a real gamer and I've played this game.
Whatever, I'll just leave town without a Pokemon.
Bye.
I can't.
I'm stuck in a loop.
I'm stuck in a dream.
This is Fire Red, not Red.
Do you need to see a doctor?
Mom, I refuse to leave the house to see a doctor.
It's a waste of money.
I don't care if we have insurance.
Why did he make me leave town to come get me?
Why are the guys in your life always only showing up at the last minute
and then telling you to leave?
Gramps, I'm fed up with waiting.
Slitly?
Oh, that's right.
I told you to come.
Just wait.
Here's some chick.
There are three Pokemon there.
Three.
The Pokemon are held inside these both balls.
Rick, I've never been.
To catch them is my real test.
To train them is my cause.
I will travel across the land, searching far and wide.
With Pokemon, you understand the power that's inside.
Okay.
Hey Gramps, no fair.
What about me?
Be patient, Slitly.
You can have one, too.
Okay, just give me one then.
What's this one?
Bulbasaur?
It's very easy to raise.
So some chick you want to go with the Grass Pokemon.
Bulbasaur.
Hell no.
Squirtled?
Yeah, maybe for beginners.
No, I think I'm actually good.
Hey Mom, stop.
So what's it gonna be?
You're trapped in the new world of the fight or three
I'm not in a dream. Okay
Do you want to give Charmander this nickname to Charmander?
Let's say I accidentally injected hyaluronic acid in my snake. How long do I have to live?
How do I name I wanted to name them my own thing?
How do I name my Pokemon a cooler thing?
Okay, Professor Ruck what I have to do
Can I just leave okay? I'm out of here
Bye what already?
Mom
Dude this guy's channel is never gonna make partner if you keep saying stuff like this mom
Okay
Remember to believe in the heart of the cards when playing scratchy boss remember to activate your trap card
Yeah, I inflicted damage. I get it Rick. I'm literally doing that right now
Scratches ass. Oh man is gonna take all day
It's gonna be a whole stream at this rate. My defense fell again
Too bad I'm using all offense dummy stop it stop lowering my defense
Scratch
Mom don't respond to that. That's a robo call. Oh
Shit this guy's doing way more damage than me. It's unfair. It's cheating. I won
Yep
Yep, I'm that good everybody. Sorry
Can I make time faster in the game? I will attempt to do this
Although many consider it full on hacks to use the menu system. Okay, excellent
Everybody shut up hold the space key
Professor Oak is in the ebbs team files. Don't think about it. I'm not using right now
We now know why he had so many vapor eons if he can't I k feet
Going with my life
What?
What are my options?
Tech speed fastest hell battle scene on
Set sound mono help frame type to what oh shit. I can change the frame type
That's nuts. Look at this one. It's cool. Where's my Pokemon?
Charmander
Summary
Pastor Joe and Reverend Ron bump into each other at the grocery store
Okay, told me they would like to visit with me together
So if you hear a lot of praying I just need you to know
I am with a couple man of the lord and we are gonna pray away your sin mom. That's fine. It's fine
Mom I'm basically religious now because of my fan base. So it's fine
I copied what is said to be one of those trainer tip signs
Okay, let's kill some shit
How do I hack this game to win faster? This is not a dream not a dream
We are using your brain's electrical system as a receiver. We are unable to transmit through conscious neural interference
You are receiving this broadcast as a dream
Our technology is not developed to transmit or strong enough to reach your conscious state of awareness
But this is not a dream. You are seeing what is actually occurring for the purpose of causality violation
This is not a dream. Yeah, I agree brick. I agree
Oh my god. Whoa daddy
Whoa daddy
What's the fastest way to level up?
How do I how do I break the system here?
Oh, do I fuck this kid up? Is that the trick? Yo, what's up? I can't fight him
He's just a grassman. Oh my god
another one of these guys
A 2x speed emulator. I guess I could whoa daddy
Look the tech speed is way faster now
Fight children to level up
Just like on twitch
Okay, here we go. Oh, I get it. It's exactly like twitch
I grew to level seven no problem. No big deal. I learned ember basically a full-on
easy gg game over type mechanic
No, oh fuck
Brear sexy when you're in bread get it pain is french for bread it is
Ember let's try it out overkill
Oh, what he's burned stop whipping with your tail god
I could let him burn to death, but instead I'll put him out of his misery
With a brutal scratch. I don't want a rat pokemon. I have enough rats in my house
Cruisin down the street in my 64
Jock in the bitches slapping the hose went to the park to get the scoop
Knuckleheads out there cold shooting some hoops
Or should I have a team of all rats
Hmm. Yeah
I think I should get more rat type pokemon
Let's look that up really quick
How many which game is this?
This is um
Red fire fire red
How many pokemon are rats
I don't want to there's only two rats
How about I guess bugs and rats
We'll have a team of bugs and rats. I just feel comfortable with that
I think it's unrealistic to have big furry creatures
You know little furry ones and rat and bugs
So I'm gonna go catch a rat as my point. Remember when I said I was stuck in a dream snake eater
I was on lsd. So was your mom
What shit
Why is it doing this?
There we go. Okay. I how do I get pokeballs brick? I'd stop talking about my mom. I'd stay on focus stay focused
We're learning about pokemans
Not a lot of people have seen this game played before so we got to focus
This is my bag nothing. Oh no. It's some kind of gig claws
Yeah, duh. I got a parcel from professor oak. I don't care about that at all though
What I want to buy shit
what
I can't buy anything
But what if I don't care about the item I just got at all
Um
What
All your items needs fulfilled. Okay, then give me stuff
Well, I don't care if you're playing fantasy games in the bathroom. Okay
Shit this game hates my ass. What am I supposed to do with professor? Oh, I have to go back to professor oak
Just so I can get some pokemon or some shit. Okay, whatever
All I want is a rat joy gets me bricked up
I don't need any acid injections with her. Nope bricked up for nurse joy. Your name is brick
So i'm not impressed
Oh my god another rat
I could have caught this one
But instead I can't buy anything yet because I have to go see this
Professor that just won't leave me alone
Okay, just get burned nickname your pokemon dicks
I couldn't figure out how to nickname me
In the menu system the menu system is is a little antiquated. So like
It's really hard to tell what to ever do and ever. All right. What do you want from me professor oak?
Yeah, maybe come all the way back here
This guy again
Okay dicks, okay, I don't care. I don't care about plot. I do not care about the plot of any video game ever
I'm here for the gameplay
The world pokemon come and schnapps idea dein herz ist gut wir vertrauen auf unseren mut ich lern von dir und du von mir pokemon
Okay, brick well said I guess damn
Um, can you I know you knocked but can you not I'm literally trying to figure out how anything works in this game
Okay
The whole mom the whole thing well I don't need this information
Oh my gosh, mom
What that's fucked up
Ask on one of the message boards or look in one of the other f a q there's nothing in my bag page numbers
Walk through pages four through 100. Oh my god. How do I get pokeballs?
Uh, someone's asked me for my hot cryptoshoes take and it is uh, give my life not for honor
Kill yellow crystal emerald in my time. There'll be no one else crime. It's the way I fly to you
Snake eater. I'm still in a dream snake eater. I'm still in a dream a snake eater
We're trying to snake me mentally man. It's fucked up. I'm supposed to be your asset
Watching a marathon of rocko's modern life
I'm on the episode where rocko works on a truck plong
Oh, yeah, you're doing in there. No not
Yeah, it is but not for that. Well, it's sort of that but it's not that
Oh my god, get out of the grass
I need a pokeball
Big boss plans to start an animal fighting league using children. Do not do it Brandon
I I haven't done that since that one
stream that was sponsored by um, oh my gosh
uh
talent
planters planters tier or something
Anyway, I did that literally once and I and I took the ban and I won't I said I wouldn't do it again
So I won't oh bird with the hell. Oh, yeah, that counts as a rat with wings. We need that one too
The petals of white cover fields flowing in grieving tears
And all the hearts once new old and shattered now
Love can kill
My bag says it's empty wings to fly fleeing this world so cold. I just wonder why
Because he's supposed to give me five pokeballs now my words are frosted with every breath
So much dialogue
Growing inside this heart
When the wind changes course when the stars align
I will reach out to you and leave this all behind
Okay, and I don't need anything else probably right?
Yeah, just give me a bunch of this shit
Pastor Joe and reverend ron want to tell me the ephel tower
Mom the ephel tower in our town is not that great
People think it's like the ephel tower, but it's just a sewage treatment plan
With a tower next to it. It was started by Jeremy Ephel apparently. I resent even having to know this
But my local high school made me learn that
Okay, we're taking this bird down
What do you do bran bran?
Uh like I fucking care what Tommy thinks mom like seriously, why would I care?
I tell him to like take a tell him to take a dick
Don't take a dick take a dick leave a dick program that I just started tell him to take a dick and leave his
Okay, where the fuck are my pokeballs?
Remember to climb the ladder in the bottom of the Denver airport
It leads to a pretty decent boss fight with a sick ass wars and some free masons
Also, I'm still in a dream snake eater. I'm still in a dream snake eater
I'm still in a dream snake. Oh, I did have five
Okay, it was just on its own thing. I could have been
There's different pockets in the bag. That's stupid. It's not my fault for thinking that there weren't
Because that's dumb
All right, here we go. I caught a piggy
It's nearly dead though because I brutally beat it and
Scouting
Yes
Since then I've been seeing the past in one eye and the present in the other
So I thought I could only see patches of reality. Never the whole picture
Guys, what I named this
Exclamation point. Oh followed by what you think I named this
And then we'll name it that this one for some reason I have access to way more letters
I have access to up to 10. No roost joy gets me bricked up like my name brick lizard
Brick I already said that
Don't steal the cool thing. I said brick
Then don't pretend you're not watching it's literally your job to watch me and feed me things to say to the youth
Clem seeking splatty
poops as
and snake
Those are all pretty good. I don't really have a favorite here because those are all really solid actually
God snake one
That's a lot of nuts
It's it's pokeballs actually brick seriously like pay attention to the gameplay
All right. This is my bird snake
Now we need a rat. Now what we need is a rat
Fuck it's another bird
Let's just kill his ass
I don't have time for this
What?
Everyone dusted me
You're not my bird
Okay
Hey, let's go. I lost a lot of my though. So I pretty much understand what he's saying. I missed again
Boku gawari. So let's fighting. Let's fighting love. Let's fighting love
Kono uta chotto baka. Wake ga wakaranai. Eigo ga mecha kucha. Dajoubu. We do it all the time
Okay, I got his ass that time wait, I should heal my broke poker man's
So that I so that they don't die
Hey, bram bram
I keep getting random tech from this girl named Jenny. She keeps saying I'm sexy when I'm in pain
But when I'm in pain, I usually feel like shit and want to eat killimak ice cream
Mom no, that's like a girl who thinks she's my ex, but she's not
Sick my poker man are strong as hell now. I do not date bats
Just because a bat flew into my mouth does not mean I date bats
More like poke your mom's am I right? Boom
What why would you want to poke her? She's got really sensitive skin? Okay finally a rat
Took to took a took them long enough
Okay, don't kill him using your immense power charmender
Oh man
He did the exact opposite of what I asked him to do
Okay, we need to switch
To bird mode are he's too strong?
What's up, brick?
Don't leave me in suspense. What let's go
Kinkus is a nice it's not mono protect my balls. Boku gawari. So let's fighting
Let's fighting love. Let's fighting love
Ta ta tanuki no kintama. I'm a cousin if you're gonna be brabura
Ta ta tanaki no kintama. I'm just showing off
He's usually a language and stuff because he's like international
That's me and I guys protect my balls
Boku gawari. So let's fight hate me catching rats fighting love. Let's fighting love
God damn it if I get a bird here. I'm gonna be
So insanely pissed. Oh my god
I just want to catch a rat
Fuck bird fucking up my brain
Whatever I got a critical here. He goes no stop using kakal on my bird snake
Akamaru check shit
No
God damn it
You might want to look up a type chart for fire red so you can have a type advantage when battling
No, I want rats and birds and bugs
It's all I want
Look, I've always said I don't believe
Race should ever matter in any context and I'm proving that by having a team of guys that are bad like they don't
You know, I'm not gonna comment on race. Actually, I've just decided okay, um, okay
It's a peanut thing. What?
Testicle hair. Huh sound of a monkey baby. What mom what?
Hey, hey, let's go. Let's fight. It's important that I protect my balls
What
What
Bran bran my heart is falling through my chest. My heart is falling through my chest
um
Can we not today brick? Oh, I got to level four
Hell yes, now I won't get messed up so much bad by all these other birds
Can I please get a rat that I don't immediately critical to death?
Yes, okay, this could be our rat
It's only a level two rat
So be gentle with this rat bird. That's named snake
Please
Okay, you should be able to survive one more vicious assault from my bird
Just take it easy a little love tap. There we go. This is our rat
Ball. I'm bad ass. So let's fighting
Let's fighting love. Let's fighting love
Everybody
Guys, you know what time it is
What fighting love what do we name this one?
This is our rat
I think it's time we talked about rat fucker. How to earn it when to give it and what it's good for
Seems to me a lot of folks these days don't care much about respecting other people
Everybody wants to get respect but nobody seems to want to give it
Maybe in this anonymous computer bird rat, some of us have forgotten what it's like to be human
That's gonna get confusing because passage over here honestly all the time, but that doesn't mean you can be a jerk
You can't go around saying the world owes
What brick what?
What?
Bird
Okay, we got our bird
Snake and we've got our rat bird. So now we're good to go. I think we can just play the game finally
Osalot called and said um that you um like hot farts. What made me say it
I that what?
Who said?
No, I just I live in hot farts. That doesn't mean I like them. I just
I don't have good ventilation in here and I have you know, essentially Ibs
I found a huge um like um survivalist
Uh
truck
Filled with twinkies and I've kind of been living off that for the last two years
So that diet has created a lot of stomach issues. This old man wants to kill me
Why am I an old man now?
Oh god, what?
Mom stop I was reading with pastor joe again
Mom stop reading the bible with pastor joe
Tee-chee TV. Oh my god, dude shut up mom
You take it feet from the shire feet lead promising to return
What about feet?
Okay, I'm fucking leaving the time has come to an end. Yeah, this is what nature planned
Being tracked by a starving beast looking for its daily feast a predator on the verge of death
I gotta level it in my rat's in my breath getting close to its last breath
rules of nature
I gotta level up my bird snake
And my rat bird what's this way?
Case blackwell is an actor comedian and writer from row and oak, virginia. What a graduate of the university of virginia
He moved to chicago in 2010 to get further involved with comedy and improvisation
Okay, he performs improv and sketch around chicago
Particularly often with the group cigarette sandwich
Check them out on youtube. Did you wikipedia dumb shit?
And is thrilled to be performing for the second city aboard the dawn the dawn
Is that like his girlfriend?
Mom I don't have time to help you with the bathroom shaking. I'm literally on stream right now
Just sit there for the next two hours. Okay
I'll come by later
This bird's gotta get stronger
This bird is weak as hell right now
Oh, this fucking guy really? Oh, what this sucks. I didn't have time to love my guys
There's a pair of great balls in the next house. All you need to do is get on your knees and close your eyes
Oh, what is this level nine?
Mine is level four that feels like a mismatch
Uh-oh, um
Okay, my charm enters all nine is that I also have potions
Yeah, good luck. My charm enters fast as hell
Get embered on dude
Oh
Hell yeah snake is on five
From the fire hall what?
Ah
What should I put my rat out to die?
Let's put our rat out here and see how he does he's only level two
Get him rat. Don't let him intimidate you because he's probably level 10 or something
Oh, he's only level nine. You got a great chance. Just tail whip his ass. Oh
uh-oh
Get d defense
Um t g tv potion. I want to be immortal and shit
I'm making your favorite fruit
Uh-oh
Oh, it missed
Okay
Let's give our bird a chance
Good luck. My bird just leveled up twice dummy
Shit he used tackle. It was relatively effective get sand attacked
I'm kicking sand in this thing's face. I'm rubbing it's not with my tail. Okay. Show me your new powers of tackling
Five years ago, we demolished the wall and began our attack on humanity
I'm the armored titan and he's the colossal titan. Okay. Check this out. We're using strategy
We're bringing in the whole team
What'd you do with titans?
Okay, check this out. I got scratches and shit
Oh
It's got us a stand a chance
I literally had the weakest pokemon in the world, but i'm that much of a strate of strategist
That I easily won anyway
bird is level three
Rattata is a normal type pokemon introduced in generation one
It evolves into radicates starting at level 20. Okay. This is good information
Rattata has a dual type dark normal regional form a lowland rattata
It evolves into a lowland radicate when leveled up at night starting at level 20
Really specifics may differ in past games refer to game data evolution data for these details
Rattata is the player's first toy pokemon in pokemon rumble and pokemon rumble rush
That's fine mom. That's pretty cool nickname I guess
Like weird but whatever. Okay
I don't need to heal them. No, they're fine. You just did it. Okay
All I want to do is make my team of pokemon invincible case blackwell
We have your testicles if you want them back pay two bitcoin to btc address
46 eu
35
713
Bzd
Sorry, guys. You have seven hours if you want your testicles
If not, we have a guy kevin who is ready to purchase one better hurry up
Sorry, guys, that's way too expensive. You're just gonna have to make do with
Two less
Maybe you have a spare
If you want to catch rats birds and bugs, they're living in your hair
Why do you always think your hair smells like dead shit? Yeah, I know they're in there
But they don't they're not like
They don't like to play around like these ones do
Like I asked him to do stuff and mostly they just lay eggs
What why is this rat stronger than my rat by so much?
He missed
He doesn't stand a chance against me. That was weak sauce brandon and you know it. What?
You're weak. I don't even know
Not uh, I'm really
I got his ass. Okay. Let's um
I just switch out that rat because this rat's so strong
Okay
birds level four
He's getting up there. Okay. That's the trick. I guess
We just switch him out
We haven't start the fight and we just switch his ass out
There's gotta be a faster way though. I see I see I'll do you know what the hell another bird
You
What do you want to know
That's for a hot pretty
Thank you
It's honestly
I do think that that's essentially a crime
My on the
Snake I'm trying to explain something important
Unless it's like a
Unless it's an mmo based around like really
And like more like a fighting game mmo. I don't even know if that exists
Uh, well, essentially what you're doing is a is like a
Essentially a crime
Fuck I was gonna get a new bird. I got so distracted
There again, we can't afford to get
Goddamn it
Mom I'm not gonna lose bang. They literally will sponsor anyone
Not just a rat
Pastor jow is plowing your mom
rat
ass
90
They literally are praying right now. Can you take it easy? You're being fucking crazy
Okay
Yeah
We got this guy. I need to get the other bird
Birds bugs and rats will be ours exclusively those
Maybe that's
Nazo darake no makai da
Daima wonderland otto to
Heart chidin de choushide nai hi mo
Yume wa tori dori na yamanai
Okay, you're making some sense. Here comes a new story
Nansen no jabuga. Hey, no gagga. Matt. They're doing that. He's making some sense John
Jack-o-chan
So yuki fanfare
Zen Kai
Yabe battle waku waku. I'm gonna. Yeah, Nishenron
Negai kanaete
Sugeyatsu ni itai
Where's this other bird?
Can't believe I killed that bird
Oh, see this this guy's weak enough that this that even
My rat can kill him
Yeah, I got
I got I did that
I did do that
There's probably a better way to level up than fighting level two rats, but um, I just want this bird really bad
I'm being extracted via raffle copter soi soi soi soi
I hear travis guag likes helicopter sounds so i am holding the microphone up the chopper blade
Soy soi soi soi soi soi soi. Thanks. That's actually really nice of you brick
What the hell a manky?
That's not on our list of things we're getting so it has to die
Sorry, manky. You're not a bird or a bug or a rat
And I only really want fucked up birds
None of the cool birds
Catch it
I killed it. I killed it one shot
And
Okay
Is that from like diamond or silver or something? I don't have that one
Shit, okay get my good guy out. He's the only one that matters in this whole team
Until these rats stop being so weak
I gotta get that other bird
Why is it giving me all rats this sucks?
Well, this rat's actually
Did you already visit viridian city the pokemarch should have a parcel and return it to oak to receive the pokedex?
Yeah, I did I did do that brick
Okay, please god. I can't believe I didn't catch that bird
It's ended up being a huge problem. Yes. Okay. He's only level three
Take it easy
powerful bird rat
Okay, good lowered my attack
Squirtle was your dick man. It's happening baby. Sploosh
What
What's that brick sploosh?
Okay, okay ball. I've got this one. I got this one cinched up. This is no problem
boom
Get imprisoned forever. You are now my little friend and you have no choice
Ha ha um, yeah, I'm thinking I do
All right, you know the drill chat and went to your house
But then I saw you were not home
But your mom came to the door and said she was all alone
She said that I looked so hungry and that I should come inside
There was something in her oven and she said I had to try
I walked down the hallway smelling garlic in the air
Then she winked at me and smiled as she flicked her graying hair in the kitchen
She doesn't sound like my mom cream and cheese with flashy pasta
We sat down at the table and I ate your mom's lasagna
Okay, her lasagna is great other bird jizz or brian rat and ck
What brick what?
What?
Brick what are you doing? Did you eat something? The winner was other bird
Brick Jesus man
I don't need to hear these eating noises. It's rude to eat on stream
Can you take a space in this game?
Oh, you can okay
Other bird
My live manila
Okay, I've got two essentially street birds
So you know they're strong because I had to survive on them on the streets essentially
All right, let's go heal our pokemon then we return and kill whoever's in that building
What is he?
brick what are you looking at?
What are you even trying to do right now brick name of my sex tape?
um
In less than an hour aircraft from here will join others from around the world
And you will be launching the largest aerial battle in the history of mankind
Okay, mankind. I'm trying to think of a sex that word should have new meaning for all of us today
We can't be consumed by our petty differences anymore. We will be united in our common interest
What's that?
Perhaps it's fate that today is the fourth of july and you will once again be fighting for our freedom
It's literally not from tyranny oppression or persecution, but from annihilation
We're fighting. I think my sex tape would probably be called like huge mistake because I don't believe in sex
I just took on another trainer's dare ago
It almost made me
Yeah, baby
I mean
I meant to say mommy Jesus
I meant I meant to say mommy. Sorry. I was thinking of um, baby pokemon
What's your problem? What's this guy's problem?
Yeah, Gyrados is strong
so
It would make sense
That you have to bring out your story. That was you starting to think about it
She's out in the middle of nowhere with some dude. She barely knows
You know, she looks around and what does she see? Nothing but open ocean
Ah, there's nowhere for me to run. What am I gonna do?
Say no the implication that things might go wrong for her if she refuses to sleep with me
Now not that things are gonna go wrong for her, but she's thinking that they will
What?
It's like why are you just saying low-key menacing stuff rick about various things
Hey crumb you made it. You got the money
Okay, cool. I've got the baby oil and bananas upstairs. You better get ready. What's this building for?
This time you pussy
Also be quiet. My son is up there pokeman or something mom. I can you're being really loud, right?
Anyway, get your ass up there. God. She's so loud. I can't even fucking pay attention to my game
Sucks ass how loud my fucking mom is
There's bugs in here. All right. Let's get let's get down to work
I need a I need to front up my team with several bugs
Mom stop praying so loud
She really needs to take a nap
Weedle don't do that stop at weedle. I'm just trying to be your dad
I didn't really have a dad in my life. So just let me have this
What the fuck I'm poisoned and shit. All right get
Caught and compromise birdie bird world
Yeah, that kind of is my birds literally eat birds and spit out birds
Okay, this thing is as good as caught. Let's figure out what we're gonna name this bad boy
Easy bug gg
It has sharp toxic barbs
You know I want to name this thing
Cases lice
Dick eater
weed
um
Weed stash and tuna tom brick. Are you okay?
brick
Brick say something if you're still okay based on the video feed you look completely placid
Tom looks like it's running away with it
Tom
Mom you're not even he's literally like overseas. You're not close to him at all
But being really stupid mom honestly
Oh hell yes another bug
Okay, I gotta use my rats here so that I don't go crazy on the damage
Facula's ass
This doesn't even matter. It doesn't matter. This thing's too weak
All right yet
Okay, mom
On my post with their own variations of the comment
I hope that clarifies things in 1998
The undertaker through mansons
Yeah
Oh, that's the comment you've been making
Roof feed render bug jizbo pinto and catar penis
Yeah, I do want to name my catar pee obviously
Wow jizbo is really running away with it. Let's just get it in there in advance
I don't did you order food mom? I don't even is there you talking to a sandwich right now?
Uh jizbo one. It's jizbo
okay
We got to go heal our guys
Because honestly our bugs are completely wrecked from me being so strong
So we're gonna heal our guys, but then I think we can finally make actual progress in this game
Heavens feel because it is full of bugs
Yes
Yeah, that's actually a really cool name
Heavens feel is the name of my pokemon team
All right, man. We got a full ass squad of birds rats and bugs
Thoughts on the company peen ai and its embattlement founder crumb
Um, obviously I've taken a couple peen ui
I believe it's peen ui actually this just in
Donald trump is reportedly furious after a group of 125
Scholars released their annual collective ranking of the presidents today and both of trump's terms were unanimously ranked the two worst
in us history
That's so fucked like honestly. That's why people don't even believe in um like books anymore because
The guys you write them are just like honestly. They're rude
Everybody who writes books is really rude
um
Anyway
What was that?
Oh peen ui or ai if it's peen ai
I think it's a different company
Because I know I have a couple friends that were sponsored by peen ai
I was with peen ui. I thought they were like they're pretty easy to work with like I basically had to mention them twice
Um, and I think it uh, I think was something like I can't I guess I shouldn't say how much but it was like
At least three figures for saying their name twice
Um, so I thought they were like pretty chill guys honestly
Don't poison me stop poisoning my rats. Stop it
Rick stop laughing menacingly
Oh shit. Look at this
I found a pokeball. God damn it. Okay. This guy won't poison my ass at least for my life here, brandon. Can you um
You're not my mom dude. I'm not giving you bathroom shakes for help. Okay
You're not my mommy the hell. Why is my speed so low?
Get tackled dude. This dummy thought he could beat me by shooting me with string
Get wrecked by my now level six bird rat
All I looked out of my plate is a strong ass rat. I'm about to leak it's clean from the photos on the fridge
You are staring back at me. You are wearing your school uniform from 1993
And now I'm in your kitchen and it's just your mom and me
It was creamy. It was cheesy. It was dripping from my mouth
It's the most delicious thing I've ever eaten from the south
It was layered with emotion and my heart was beating faster
I thought that I should tell you that I ate your mom's lasagna. This is a rat too
Are you only using bug pokemon?
Is that why the kids at school called you bug king growing up? No, that's the uh, it was my bug hair
I barely cried
Mom that was because of my bug hair
My rat's gonna die
I gotta catch this other rat
What? Oh great. He probably thinks that's pretty cool
Super effective. Dude, this rat needs to take it easy. I'm paralyzed
Is this doing it for you, Brian?
What? Doing what for me mom? What would that even do?
What?
Dude, she is fucking crazy sometimes
I'm worried if I use charmender. I'll kill this bug
So
I guess tuna tom's gonna have to do a little heavy lifting here
Stop growling at me dude. I'm just trying
Shit
Okay, let's just try to catch his ass
Mom, I know you're like Regis. I get it
God she tells me this shit every day
Mom, you know, I don't like entertainment god
Okay, I doubt that
What?
Mom, you already donated your womb to science because all that other all that stuff kept coming out of it
You don't have a womb anymore because you sold it to science for money
And I we're not cutting to that segment because it's in my contract. We don't have to
My sprinkler goes like this and comes back
Regis
Astoy horse cock yellow rat and moan
It's really close on this one
It is a close race between these five options
And at the last minute it was a tie between yellow rat and moan
So I guess we'll call it moan rat
It is moan rat now
You will need water grass fighting ground or steel type moves to beat the first gym
Okay, we gotta go. We gotta go just our teams believe in yourself and your pokemon friends
I am I believe in them really hard right now
I think we'll only have one bird rat and I think the pigeon is the more rat bird
Than the other bird we got so I think we have to say bye to other bird
Which is our second bird pokemon, which is a bird type pokemon
Can you not have so many workmen over this is crazy. I'm literally streaming
Jesus
Yeah, I don't really care if I see you again
Okay, we're strangers
Someone's Pete. What no, I don't want it. Fuck. Okay. I meant to
Some shit my pc
What have you ever met a streamer named Tassam g?
No, he has so much g he put a g in the name then he told me to fuck off
That wasn't very nice of him, but I'm a faster to Egyptian dude
So maybe I'll invite him over to pray and by pray. I mean anal fence
Oh, I have to deposit a pokemon. Okay. Sorry bird
Sorry other bird
Give me this other rat
Mone rat put out an ad looking for a guy my age to come fuck me
Got a guy that looked like me
I put on some lingerie and perfume made myself look like a girl
I thought I look hot
Then this guy came over railed the shit out of me. I got addicted to that
Some nights three four guys come over and railed the shit out of me
Some I had to pay I'd hire an asian girl to just sit there and watch the whole thing
I'd look in her eyes while they're fucking me and I think I am her and I'm fucking me
Dude, let's get up dude. Say stuff that would be on like a prestige tv show, please
Try to limit your the study talk about brick
reticence
Rick, I want you to only say stuff that would be like of high enough quality to appear on hbo television
So set that as a new goal for yourself, please
Oh month from peter you all know each other. Hey, hey, you guys calm down. No need to fight
There's enough of me to go around as you have the
Quit double booking repair guys party you pussy
Oh finally a friend
Yeah, I went what oh, it's not a friend fuck
This guy looks pissed off
a weedle
Get ratted on
Where is the best place to order tacos from brandon?
Um
Taco bell. It's in the name. It's like literally called a talk. It's like called taco. So it's probably that place
Show what you're made of pikachu
I mean moan rat
Uh-oh, okay. Take it back
Show what you're made of charmander
Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk Hawk
Oh that's my price!
Yeah I'm down, I'm down.
I know if they know my price.
Sounds like they named it and that's accurate.
Okay let's...
We're gonna beat one of the gyms and then we'll return to this game, um...
At some other point after we destroy a gym.
Rick, I'm busy.
We'll catch them all like...
We're gonna, we're for sure gonna catch a lot of them.
Okay this guy's a little strong.
So I keep making a mistake and I mean to switch to this guy.
You'd better not poison my main guy.
Just get burned to death if that's who you think.
You can, how you can talk to me.
Moon Rats level 4.
When sharing personal information, inserting but not limited to your name, email, age, location, personal relationship, gender or sexual identity, racial or ethnic background, religious or political views, and or account username for other sites.
What?
Mom I think you went to the wrong part of the internet.
She doesn't want you to buy stuff off Amazon, she'll end up on the dark level a lot.
I got to get terminated to 14?
Well he's level 11.
It's fine, he's a fire-tech Pokémon. Fire burns up rocks over time.
I'm sure if I focus on this electric Pokémon and this fire Pokémon it'll do good.
I'm not sure if I focus on this electric Pokémon or this fire Pokémon it'll do good.
I'm not sure if I focus on this electric Pokémon or this fire Pokémon it'll do good.
Fire Pokémon it'll do good.
Dude stop getting defensive.
What?
It's not that we'll mistake them for the truth. The real danger is that if we hear enough lies, then we no longer recognize the truth at all.
What can we do then? What else is left but to abandon even the hope of truth and content ourselves instead with stories?
In these stories it doesn't matter who the heroes are, all we want to know is who is to blame.
This is why I don't watch TV because they're not saying something like this.
My bro is gone but he's right there on my back in here in my heart.
He lives on as a part of me.
If you're gonna dig, dig to the heavens.
No matter what's in my way, I won't stop.
Once I've dug through, it means that I've won.
Just who do you think I am?
I'm Simon. I'm not my bro.
I'm me. Simon the Digger.
What?
Yet, Thunder Shocked.
Mom, it's not canon.
You should read canon stuff.
It's disrespectful to not read canon events.
What?
What?
Hell yeah, Simon read as little six.
What?
Brick.
Brick, I don't care what kind of research you're doing for the CIA, you can't say stuff like that.
You're gonna make me start filtering this stuff and say, Brick.
Oh my god.
My mom was taking a nap and I'm turning off Brick's comms for a minute.
Oh, she's not asleep at all.
Oh, there she is.
Okay.
My mom is taking a nap, everyone.
And whenever she's taking a nap, it's a good time to think about the intrusive thoughts that you have.
Alright, this bug's getting fucked up.
No, my mom won't wake up from a nap until she's good and ready.
And that is just...
Oh shit, I used the wrong attack.
I just got a little bit of a headache.
I used the wrong attack.
I just straight-up used the wrong attack.
I might have just signed a death sentence for this little rat.
Oh, it's so peaceful.
It's so insanely peaceful when my mom is asleep and when I turn off Brick's comms.
Guys, just focus on the intense gameplay, okay?
This is a time of peace for us.
Okay.
Why is there a tiny plane?
Okay, thank god my mom is asleep.
Oh my god.
Add options now.
Mom!
She slept for literally like 90 seconds.
Vote now.
Guys, she's not dreaming of at least one of...
At least two of those she is not dreaming of.
Jesus.
Burn this bug.
Brick!
Brick, focus up.
I just got to level up this Charmander.
I said 14.
He's going on the A-Squad for a while.
Thank god, Brick is just calling down for a little bit.
Oh, mom.
Going to the gym?
I'm so proud of you, honey.
Mom, no.
No, I would never go to what you're saying.
Ever.
It's a different thing.
Don't take your ignorance out on me, mom.
I will not go to the gym.
I'm so obsessed because she had one Jane Fonda
workout tape in 1978.
Now she thinks everybody's got a workout.
It's literally bad for some people to work out.
Man up and level up, buns.
What the hell is the fucking
former president doing here?
Brick, you said no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Okay.
He's so quiet.
He's being quiet today.
I think he swallowed like a plate glass window.
And that's why he sounds like that.
Okay.
Okay.
Burn him up.
Got him.
Oh, my god.
Okay.
I kind of need to make a mute button, I guess.
I need to make a mute button, I guess.
Quiet with your little friend.
I have to institute an eject button for Brick there.
Okay.
This guy only has one?
What the fuck?
Moonrat.
You got a... I just need this guy to be level 14.
Oh, what?
No.
Really?
Ugh.
That's cheating.
Yes.
Get poisoned.
All right.
Thank god my mom is...
Oh, my god.
Brick, right away.
Right away, Brick.
Okay.
Wait.
That's the wrong one.
And to notice what we need.
Get unpoisoned.
Brick just said testicles he's been staring at me now for 30 seconds.
This is what you have to put up with as a streamer.
With a round thing in your face, you get sprung.
What a... what a...
Eye girl walk in?
Like, is that like an internet girl?
Because they don't look as good in person, I swear.
I met some of them.
Okay.
Okay guys, see you next time.
Hey, Crumb.
You didn't cry this time.
Good job.
Month.
You got to last more than a 30 seconds, Peter.
Can't be rude and make them cry.
I'm just a guy looking out for other guys, guys.
Okay.
We must be close.
Do you want to fight me?
Brick, what?
Are you going to do something?
Or are you just going to stare at me?
Sometimes he just likes to look at me, I guess.
It's weird, but...
It does make me feel safe.
Is this the gym?
Is the museum of a certain word?
No?
Not unless I have to.
Mostly I want to get my Pokemon leveled up.
You may not be able to touch your toes.
Bum's toes.
That's not impressive.
If they're out, you can just bend down and touch them.
It's like, not hard.
That's the gym, okay.
I got to get my dude stronger, though.
Maybe I can get him to level 14
just by killing the other trainers in here.
Yeah, maybe I shouldn't.
How many wild ass Pokemon though
am I going to have to burn to death?
What's the map button?
Is there a map?
What?
The only thing killing my vision is
that you have to go around the house of the flashlight
because you say everything's too dark.
What?
Dude, I literally saw it already.
Oh my god.
This guy thinks he's helping me.
Oh my...
God, this guy sucks.
Are they not going to let me...
Mom, you didn't cry this time.
Good job.
You've got to last more than a 30 seconds, Peter.
Well, just don't ever come back.
She just likes to repractice some...
Oh, okay.
Okay, I just can't go that way.
I guess I should have probably guessed that.
This is extremely punishing.
This little shit is being a huge asshole.
I'm not a big butt and I will no longer lie, Brandon.
I've been with the pastor in more ways than one.
Yeah.
Because he's got a big fat ass.
Is that like a new name for a prayer group or something?
Because he's got some...
I mean, I know you're in like 45 prayer groups.
You're like obsessed.
Weird.
Okay, I guess let's just kill shit in the woods until...
Until our...
Chart level 4?
It seems like not good.
How much does that give me and how much do I need?
30.
Okay, we need to just kill like 30.
We need to kill 11 of these guys.
Or something.
I feel bad killing my fellow bugs and rats, but...
Wait, was that even less?
The Claudius Shipper poster you hung outside your door is scary.
If I keep following you when I walk by...
No, that's not a Claudius Shipper.
I'm not a Shipper.
I'm not a Shipper.
I'm not a Shipper.
No, that's not a Claudius Shipper.
That's Cloud.
That's a shiny Cloud poster, mom.
It's called Cloud Shiner.
It's Cloud from Final Fantasy.
But he is shirtless.
Honestly, a beautiful man.
Dude, I'm literally just burning...
Wildlife to death, repeatedly.
Oh, I've played this game in real life.
But the Pokemon are a man and the bugs are my chew.
What?
I don't know what a chew?
A Chewk?
I don't know.
I don't know what she's saying.
Okay, there's one more level to go.
Oh, I learned Metal Claw.
Never mind. We're good to go.
Good night, Melody Von Torture.
With a stream is about six times as long as usual,
because I have to play some amount of this game.
But right now...
Oh, wait, I should heal everybody up.
I'm getting pretty good at the menu and routing system in this game.
I'm really leveling up right now.
What?
No, mom, that's just...
She keeps a lot of the rats that we catch in a box.
I bet that's what she thinks this is.
Okay.
Should I... Do I need to level up a different Pokemon, too?
Everybody else pretty much sucks.
Let's just see if we can beat the whole thing with our one guy.
Hey, what's up, man?
What?
Oh, shit, I don't care what these guys say.
Hey, bring it on.
Ten thousand light years?
That's like miles, dude.
He thinks I'm that weak?
That's like actually hundreds of miles, what he just said.
Okay, Metal Claw.
Bye-bye, critical.
I guess let's level up our other Pokemon, too.
Pikachu, show them what's up.
By that, I mean moan rat.
Oh, man.
I paralyzed him just by being that sick with it, I guess.
Get shocked.
Oh, whoops.
Uh-oh.
I might have made a tactical mistake here.
Does Tail Whip do damage?
Get Tail Whipped.
Shit, it doesn't.
I have no... This guy literally can't damage this guy.
Okay, this is a job for my rat, then.
Go, bird!
Show them the power of a rat.
I mean, based on the rats in my mom's box,
they do know how to fight.
Oh, what?
It did almost no damage.
All right.
It would appear only one of my Pokemon
is capable of doing anything.
I know, I just...
I wanted to spread the experience gain.
Critical hit.
Bye-bye.
Moan Rats level 8.
Good news, everybody.
Thunder Wave?
Too bad that probably does actually nothing.
Okay, let's, um...
Let's give Tuna Tom a little love here.
Wait, actually, let's give Gizbo a little love here.
I'll give him Simulator's like, Crust Simulator or something like that.
Taste back well and Fiona will be good.
Look, I...
I literally am contractually obligated to play whatever game is requested,
so...
That's on you guys, okay?
Yeah. Okay, yes.
My accuracy.
Get Metal Clawed.
It's the one move I know.
Hey, my attack went up.
Clawed.
And not coding.
Geez.
What?
Why is he talking in like epic speed?
Crust, this isn't like...
He's become a Deadpool character. This is no good.
Okay.
Heal my man.
Look at that. He just ate up.
Oh, oh, oh, I'm unbeatable.
Walking down this endless highway, nothing but my friends beside me.
We'll never give in and we never rest.
Advanced battle is the ultimate test.
From the earth and land and sea and sky,
they say they're gonna lose.
They say they're gonna lose.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, I'm unbeatable.
Pokemon, Advanced Battle.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, I'm unbeatable.
Through the stars and the instant past...
My mom's actually kind of hyping me up.
This is good.
There's a feeling deep inside you
and it's always there to guide you.
It's in my heart and in my soul,
leading me to my ultimate goal.
You can find yourself. This might be fun.
We're down to defeat before it be done.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, I'm unbeatable.
Hope you're doing well.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, I'm unbeatable.
Pokemon, Advanced Battle.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, I'm unbeatable.
Every move you can cast you see.
You think you win, but you will always lose.
Oh, oh, oh, Advanced Battle.
I'm unbeatable.
Come on.
Don't back talk to me, you little shit.
Mom!
You talked so much.
I'm sorry, mommy.
God.
What?
Meow.
Meow.
Meow.
What?
I could fit spicy.
What?
Rick, what?
Where is he even coming in from?
Onyx, I'm sorry.
I know it's impressive that you're a giant rock snake,
but you're about to die.
That's just a life.
That's just how life is sometimes.
Rock Tomb?
You think that's okay to do to another living creature?
Apparently that was very effective, but so is this.
Check this out.
Oh, god, he died.
Uh-oh.
Look, here's the only problem.
Because the rest of my team is literally useless.
Let's show them what a...
Let's show them what a rat can do.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Show them what a rat can do.
Uh-oh.
Come on, survive it with one hit point.
He did not.
He did not survive that.
Oh.
Shit, this other guy has no ability to hurt him at all.
Okay.
Maybe my bird can show him what's up.
He's level six.
Tackle!
Fuck, stop using Rock Tomb.
Can I heal a Pokemon with a potion?
Toot a Tom, show me what's up.
Yeah, maybe if I poison him.
Oh, yeah, see that?
See that? You missed.
Poison him.
Fuck.
Yes!
Toot a Tom!
This is why you go with bugs.
This is why you get bugs.
Boom!
Toot a Tom, go to level five.
And level six.
Level seven.
What are you saying, Brick?
Trying to say some worse fucked up shit right now, Brick?
Yeah, I believed in my team.
I never doubted us for a second.
Look at that dork.
That's what you get for thinking your big shit.
Leaving the house all the time.
Dummy.
Oh! Toot a Tom's evolving!
Look at this shit.
Look at this shit.
Yes! Yes! What's he gonna be?
Oh!
Okay.
Kinda became like a turd.
So we're turning into a yellow turd.
Okay.
Toot a Tom, yeah.
Contains Rock Tomb.
Okay, I don't care.
Get wrecked.
Alright, sick. How do you...
I'm gonna go save.
And...
Another way too.
What's up, Brick?
Yeah, healed my Pokemon. They almost all died.
Almost everyone of them got.
He's kinda singing.
That is actually singing.
He's singing.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
We made a lot of progress.
I don't even know how to save.
I like legit. I have no idea how to save.
Oh.
It's right there. It's in the menu.
It turns out it's just in the menu.
Sick!
Okay.
Alright guys.
Gales.
Amy.
We did it. We fucking crushed that.
It was sick.
Everyone's impressed by all the serious work we did today.
There comes a time in every streamer's life
where they stream for half the time that some people stream.
And they say that's enough.
Uh...
I mean, that's really fucked. That's very disappointing.
It's extremely disappointing stuff.
And that's not what we need in this country.
But like, this is...
Not one of my politics streams.
It's actually...
What I did is I like turned off my gaming channel.
And now my other stream is all politics.
But like, I can't do that here
because it's a different thing.
I can't.
But I'd like to, obviously.
I'd like to really get into it.
Obviously, I'd love to. Because I have a lot of opinions.
Tilates is streaming!
Then we will raid them, I guess.
I guess.
Okay.
Um...
Mom, what? Why'd you knock?
Sometimes.
This doesn't say anything for like minutes.
That game was really hard.
Okay?
It's one of the hardest games ever made.
We made extremely impressive progress.
Despite it being so difficult.
What?
I just don't get it, Rick.
I don't even get what you want from me.
It's a case raid.
Say hi to Tilates.
I gotta...
Get in contact with the guy who set up my CIA
sponsorship and see why
the dude that I agreed to have on my stream
is being crazy all the fucking time.
And I think my mom might have hired too many
workmen they might have fucked up the house.
Have a great rest of your day.
We'll be back on Wednesday. I don't know if I'll be back.
Wait, I might be.
Because I have to play a different RPG that's like...
20 hours long.
Rick, are you working out?
Rick, stop working out!
If you're...just...work out on your own time.
You don't have to call in for that.
It's doing like jumping jacks or something.
It's like not appropriate.
I'm gonna talk to Tuna Tom.
I'm gonna check out the politics of Tuna Tom.
If we play Pokemon again, I will get Tuna Tom
like in order. Cause I know...
That's not what this stream is about promoting.
It's not about promoting politics.
Are you here to apologize, Rick?
Nothing to say. That's what I thought.
Okay, that's it everybody. I gotta go.
I'm...I gotta...I'm like busy.
I have...
There's like stuff I'm gonna do probably.
I have a whole...I have a full life.
Okay, bye.
I said bye in the stream.
Whoever's...