I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show, and now it is live, and I'm a dog.
Alph said that cats are high in protein and low on sugar.
We're live in ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one, let's do this!
Oh baby, it's another week of probably three streams.
Of this thing that I'm doing, good to see you all. Propaganda, Mr. Smith, Greg, to you.
Skull Meat, John Michael, Apple DApple, smart apps all the way from YouTube, the smartest of apps.
S1000, great to see you. Oh, is it VIP time? Let's see how many people I can raid today.
That's like GregTU VIP. That's... did I ever VIP propaganda?
Well, oh, unable to add VIP? Hmm, oh yeah, I got a VIP Kassim G. I can't VIP propaganda.
Kassim G has been added as a VIP of this channel.
Did I do psychor yet? See, this is the thing, the more of these I do, I just type slash psychor.
No wait, now he's a VIP. Hell yeah, try raiding. If I raid everyone that I think makes them a VIP.
Anyway, eventually you'll all be there. I can't tell Prop... am I spelling your name wrong?
Propaganda V2. Oh, I must have been spelling your name wrong. Now Propaganda is a VIP.
That's just that easy. You're in the club now.
Okay, that helps. The diamond lets me know. So Melody Von Torture not a VIP yet?
But now that I know the metric, now they are a VIP. Now you have so many icons next to your name.
I never updated the... whatever that lettuce thing is. Those could use probably another pass.
I'm not sure about the design of some of these.
The lettuce has grown, but it's really hard to tell what it is.
Yeah, modern military bed. There's no stealing valor here.
Can you get four icons? Let's find out if I VIP to breach you what happens.
Unfortunately I have nothing to offer as to what being a VIP gets you.
But eventually all of you probably will pay.
Need to see Uncle Phil 2K's amongst the net submission.
Yeah, we're gonna do that. It's probably time for one more segment today.
Oh, baby. Entity.
Thank you for the gifted sub, the citizen dev. If you're watching me,
there's a decent chance you're subscribed. Very generous community.
If you pop in here, I think one of these community subs has got to float your way.
Eventually.
It overrode your mod icon? Can I un-VIP you? I typed in slash un-VIP.
Unable to remove VIP. Well, you are a mod.
So maybe you can un-VIP yourself. I also don't know the command.
Slash un-VIP. Sabrici. You're no longer a VIP sabrici. Sorry.
Sorry, I can take it away too. Now I know how.
Uh, okay. Just remod sabrici? I'm pretty sure sabrici is still a mod,
just even though I un-VIP'd sabrici. Also, I saw it before the stream started.
Oh, did I un-mod you? See, that's kind of funny because I was literally about to say
three years of mod courtesy of my notifications. Did I just break your own streak? Is it back
to day one? The three year anniversary, you un-mod and remod.
I don't think you were unmodded unless VIPing removes your mod powers. Maybe it does. VIP overrides mod.
Sabrici, we're starting from ground zero here. Congratulations on your first day
of modding for this channel. It's never been the most lucrative proposition,
but also you can be fired randomly and then rehired instantly. Maybe they fixed it.
First viewer news. Oh god, yeah, I wonder if I have any viewers yet.
Let's go check on my progress towards becoming a... Oh god. I was just trying to look at my
partner application progress, but now how will I ever? I still... I just want to make
sure that I still have no viewers because I do think spiritually that feels correct.
I like to imagine that I've really broken my brain and I'm just making up chats in my head.
Maybe there's a different place to apply other than this achievements page.
No, I'm still... and my path to partner is still not started. I'm still at zero out of
six averaging zero viewers, but also somehow I've averaged 75 viewers, so I don't really understand.
I don't understand these two metrics here. How do these two square? I think they're being
a bad partner. I don't trust this partnership already because the partnership is a two-way street,
so maybe I don't want to be their partner. I will give them half of everything you
guys give me, but I'm not going to be their partner. I will do better. Maybe my goal should be
to be the first streamer that has like a couple hundred viewers who is a partner.
Yes, Mr. President.
Just message them no partner me. Thank you, Mr. President.
Someone very aware of how polling and numbers work, of course.
I guess there's a hype train here.
What do you want to talk today about a body part being a bug claw?
That's the best you want? Is a fine type beat?
It's a fine day. Or a fine. Give me a revolutionary war type beat.
I changed my mind. I want something to do.
Maybe I just won't get you any beat. Hype train, what about that?
Yes, you will. Shut up.
He's right. I will do it.
He's right. I can't not get the hype train and beat.
All flutes and tin drums. Is this what you wanted? Oh my god, level two.
Hype train, what did you do? Why are you getting levels lately?
Level up. Level up. Like I've been beating up some rabbits.
You know what's up? Level up. Secret amount of rabbits. I've been leveling up.
Rabbits?
I've been beating up rabbits and starting everything up.
I've been trying to be tasty corn tonight. I've been dying to say this.
Is this where we dump it? Bits to the case? Blackwell Jan 6 fund.
That is correct. I got a war chest. With two massive even bunny breasts.
They've been lactating out gold coins. Every day I've been sucking my nipple to get more.
And you know what's up? It's a revolutionary. I'm the hype train baby.
And you know it's getting scary, but I don't stop. Tea party.
I've been breaking down the capital from the front of the top.
Why are you in an insurrectionist type mood? I'm just feeling fine.
You know they revoke the fund. It hasn't gone through yet. You can't get your money yet.
That's why I said this. They're delaying the process of this slush fund for people.
I'm going back in time with the real orange light.
I'm looking a little bit more retro. It's true.
What are you talking about today? Stop asking and start listening.
Start really lessening games.
If you actually want to know, all right, you know that I've been in the gym.
I get in fit. And when I get really small, I also become a bit.
That's right. I don't need to brag and I don't need a toy.
But at the end of the day, I'm the number one game boy. I'm like, like what?
Let's go fuck in a tree. Get all day in a tree.
Blanched asshole. Blanched.
What's that even mean?
It's like bleached, but it's blanched every time that you bleach an ass in a tree.
Do you get me?
No, really don't.
Subtle art you gotta get some climbing gear before you even start.
You gotta prove the edges. I'm talking cubic in the tree
because you want a beastwood while you fucking a tree, baby.
You know what's up? Blanched asshole.
Fucking in a tree is the new sub goal.
He's speaking of sub goals. The whole reason you're here.
And I say this every time.
I know good stuff. Take the sub.
Yes.
I was getting to accept a buck at climb a tree.
That's more like a chimpanzee or maybe trains.
Either way, I'm fucking baby. That's like a eucalyptus lead.
When I'm fucking in a tree, you shouldn't have no doubt.
Five minutes ago, five community subs.
They gave them up just like every time I'm in a tree.
I go for broke. They changed my name to oak.
What changed my name to oak?
Like the tree.
No, actually like the professor actually.
Did you know the Pokemon games are about fucking in the grass?
It's about catching Pokemon in the grass.
Same thing though.
I fucking...
I don't remember that in the game.
Pretty sure it was mostly fighting Pokemon.
Why is it such sensual beats today?
When what we really wanted was more revolutionary war type beats.
We already heard that one.
Hmm, we already heard this one.
Oh, this is a good one.
Look at this particular YouTube thumbnail.
I wonder what's going on here?
It would seem one of the tunes from Roger Rabbit
might have actually been the one that assassinated Lincoln.
Lincoln's revenge, revenge on those I just wanted to see you.
But then it's blah, blah.
And now he's out for revenge.
You've made so little progress on thanking the subs.
Seven months, uncle, two games.
Yeah, there's too much to handle.
I've been saluting that shit.
Like it starts playing a fangirl.
We got giggle trash with commute.
And that's your love.
Yes, I know.
That's it. That's the whole beat.
I can't think the subs would beat this short.
This is an MF Doom Joey badass type beat now.
So, sorry, you probably can't rap over MF Doom style beats.
I hope you didn't miss anyone.
I guess that kind of happened in that game.
Sort of, that's kind of, yeah, I guess.
Rax Verts would be happy with your description of Elvin Ringmore.
Our universe, too.
The Lorax Perts.
Lorax Perkisets.
Now that's a good beat name for YouTube.
Lorax Perkisets.
Yeah, what happens if we type in Lorax type beat?
This looks brutal.
Oh, yes, this is what I've been waiting for.
This is the type of beat that people really like.
I'm vetoing this beat.
This is a veto from, why are there so many?
I guess YouTube liked this guy.
Guys, I've never seen the Lorax.
I have no idea who this even is.
I think this is actually Johnny Duff from Alice in Wonderland.
This is the Lorax Let Me Grow.
Yeah, it's a very kid rock type beat,
which is another thing we could type into YouTube.
How are you still alive?
I'm a little too.
Because I'm extra alive.
Yeah, we could VIP this beat.
Run the war, Colt, you get it?
Every beat that I choose is a VIP.
Slash VIP Lorax green suit guy.
Are people?
Oh, so close, Giggle Trash.
We could have heard so much Lorax type tree fucking type beat.
But instead we have no choice but to move on to the news,
even though I do appreciate the gift it's up to Ray Silva.
Anyway, let's get through some segments today.
We could even do, we could even do one more.
So we'll let us do one more segment, I guess.
But anyway, for now, it's news time.
Yes, yes, yes.
It is news time.
Clear out, clear the wax and non facts.
Out of those ears.
Because the news is here.
The news is here.
The news is here exclusively.
We've been negotiating for months,
and exclusively now this stream is the one place with news.
Wow, we did it.
Well, I'm still working on some of the deals.
But mostly the deals are, the deal is mostly through.
It turns out you don't actually have to finish a deal for the deal to be on.
So the deal is on.
What are you talking about?
The UsNude exclusively doing the news.
Exclusively here.
And then they'll have no choice but to watch this case.
I'm gonna have fun with the community we have, actually.
And you want, everyone needs to watch this.
I don't know if a world where everyone watches this stream is a healthy world.
I think maybe this is best as fringe content, actually.
Leaking my nipples because of Jeff Ripple.
Put that on my fucking tombstone.
Are you sure about that?
Mm-hmm.
I won't be here.
And it'll get people talking.
Can you imagine if in the line for the haunted mansion,
that was one of the fun ghost rhymes they went with?
Better news than CBS?
I, you know what I will claim?
I'm happy to claim that.
I'll go to bat for that particular statement.
I do think we do the news better than CBS currently.
That bar has been cleared.
Okay, what's going on in the world?
Oh, we didn't make a headline.
Um, deals.
So finished.
We're totally done.
Actually, you know what deals?
So finished.
And you can just decide what that means, Jeff.
That's on you.
What's the deal?
What are the deals?
Oh, well, this is a different,
this is different than the deals that are,
the all the war ending deals that are for sure happening.
There's other things that are for sure.
There are some things that look,
news is in a state of limbo currently.
All the things that are happening
are also not happening at the same time.
And with that in mind,
Trump's weaponization fund has been put on hold
after fierce opposition from Congress.
DEA's.
Oh, God.
Guys, I can't be blamed for any of my very
uncharacteristic typos because my
usual keyboard has officially fucking died.
This guy is dead.
It's speaking three year streak.
This thing was on a three year streak.
And now it's on a no day streak
of being fucking finished forever, apparently.
Bless up to that keyboard.
I kind of liked its noises too.
I'm stealing Kendall's keyboard just to do this stream.
And I just ordered a different keyboard.
I don't even know what brand this is,
but it was kind of expensive.
It's vortex.
It's a multi-tkl.
And a TKL itself totally killed.
Legitly.
You're not touching that brand.
I do think it's a little unimpressive that it just
it just totally stopped working.
I could probably take it somewhere and get it fixed, but
Kendall has a different.
I'm currently stealing Kendall's keyboard.
It's hiding under this news desk.
I'm just telling chat that I'm stealing your keyboard.
She did this.
Key con are the tits.
What if I told you I already
irresponsibly ordered the first keyboard
that I looked up on Reddit that people said was fine?
And you can tell me if I've made a huge mistake.
Uh, wait, what did live in sleazy say is good?
Key cron are the tits.
I ordered a key cron.
I didn't even have to ask live in sleazy
for permission to steal live in sleazy's opinion.
As I already stole it from Reddit.
Let's take a look at the sexy keyboard.
That's the keyboard of the future.
Aren't we talking about.
News.
This is important news.
Uh, this is what I got.
The magnetic k8 he wireless magnetic
switch custom keyboard.
You trying to brag right now.
About your fancy fucking keyboards.
That's the one I got.
I'm just sharing life news.
And it's streamer.
It's equipment related.
My favorite thing.
Nice key tits.
Yeah, I got the key tit brand.
There's magnetic and mechanical and then tit based keys.
And I thought, well that sounds the best.
Makes sense.
Sullivan makes sense.
I'm moving on case.
I don't care about your fucking keyboard.
Well, that's fair.
It is fair.
Let's see what drop site has for us today.
Uh, Iran threatens to suspend ceasefire talks
after Israel escalates in Lebanon.
Pro-Israel groups play big in key Tuesday primaries.
Should we even, should we even get into that?
Do I even need to explain?
Israel is influencing elections and there's no ceasefire.
This it's groundhog day every day.
Every day we wake up to the same news.
Uh, Iranian state media.
Oh, one second.
Mm-hmm.
Also the the the war slash fund isn't going through
because of congress or something.
Iranian state media reports to Iran
may be suspending ceasefire talks.
On Monday Iranian state agency news Taz Neem reported
that the Iranian negotiating team may be suspending talks
through mediators as a result of ongoing Israeli attacks
in Lebanon and Gaza indicating that Iran may
activate other fronts including the Bob Al-Mandab
straight in order to punish the Zionists
and their supporters.
Taz Neem said in addition to completely
blocking the Strait of Hormuz Iranian foreign minister
Abbas Ar-Ghachi Ar-Aggshi warned on X
the ceasefire between Iran and the US
is unequivocally a ceasefire on all fronts
including in Lebanon its violation on one front
is a violation of the ceasefire on all fronts.
That is a violation that Israel has been doing
the entire time this supposed ceasefire has been happening.
We've also still been bombing various Iranian targets
inside the country and in the Strait of Hormuz
and around the country um the whole time
the ceasefire has been going so
I guess it's good that there's been
a slower pace of bombing than when we
initially started just slamming them with bombs
endlessly but I think that's just because we
based on other reporting kind of ran out of bombs
oh give me a break we're never out of bombs
there's always there's always bombs in the banana stand
that doesn't sound right
you know what I mean come on there's always a
couple bombs hidden somewhere
you know I wouldn't doubt that we've probably
got a couple bombs hiding somewhere but I think
we depleted our we depleted a large portion of our arsenal
speaking of Israel defending Israel and that's
based on reporting from I believe the New York Times
so you don't even have to trust me
I don't trust that you said that you read
news from anywhere but we read it on the stream
I read it on this stream
also the IRGC says it struck a U.S. air base
used to launch attacks on Syrac Island
the U.S. military has confirmed strikes on Iranian radar drone sites
CENTCOM has claimed missiles interceptions in Kuwait
and nuclear talks as a result of these other things that I'm saying
have stalled
in other news also what stalled is pictured to my left
these guys despite their climbing skills
not getting any money yet
they're some of the best freestyle climbers that our country has ever produced
and yet their right to freestyle climb our senate buildings has been denied
well not their right their right to go to jail and then get paid for it
how does case find new news when bin is legally the only source for the news sorry
what is the deal with that you're the one negotiating this for us
other places are allowed to post the news
but no one can look at it
they have to come here and watch me expertly read it
and who are you striking this deal with
Iran I don't think that's a good idea
I'm just hopping in on the negotiation train trying to get my piece in case you should be
in favor of this as soon as the Iran deal goes through I think our deal is going to go through
to according to the president basically already has gone through exactly it's as good as through
uh president Donald Trump's nearly 1.8 billion dollar fund to compensate victims of the
alleged weaponization of the government has been put on hold after the White House faced fierce
opposition from republicans in congress it's a bad sign when your own party won't fall in line
though I suspect they will fall in line if he really wants them to if anything maybe he's
using this to block it because it was politically it doesn't pull I just don't know if anything
Trump does matters politically he's doing politics all the time no I mean like if
he's good if he's gonna face any political backlash ever for any of the things he does
he's like his base of support is basic is basically unshakable so anyway I don't know
they feel like if you lean on the republicans he could probably get them to jam through 1.8
billion dollars for almost anything so if I had to guess I'd guess that he's soured on this idea
for some reason but maybe not maybe he's actually being denied by the
scruples of the republican party stop laughing while you say that just doesn't really make a
lot of sense to me anyway what else are they saying at uh Reuters the extraordinary rebuke
excuse me I'm reading this the extraordinary rebuke of Trump underscored an increased appetite
of to flex political power among some republican senators against the president's actions
the republicans are standing up to the president
mmm our king says so is january 6 just a spontaneous guts game and congress was the astro crag
that is what they're legally arguing the new legal argument from donald trump for this fund
is that the january 6 rioters won the relaunch of nicolodian guts and that this is their
justly won reward money for climbing the national crag it would be kind of sick if instead of all of
these um you know vaunted washington dc buildings we just had one huge aggro crag that all the
senators had to scale if they wanted to vote on anything in case they would never vote on
anything so it would be the same no they vote on stuff they give ai more money the proposal
was dropped as senators returned to washington after their memorial day break and faced an impasse
with the president over a 72 billion dollar bill to fund ice and border patrol operations speaking to
report uh reporters senate majority leader john thune said he made clear to the white house the
fund needed to be killed they're advocating for murder in the senate um yeah they've always done
that usually of people though right they gave us an ultimatum a white horse a white a white horse said
and then the white house said a source said that lawmakers negotiated the white house over the
fund the fund emerged okay god all right whatever there there's some republicans are trying to
stop the fund it just seems based on my you know political wind reading don't touch your don't
lick your finger tell you read the wind like it's braille yes you braille read the wind
then we based on my limited understanding of the of national sentiment it just seems like
republicans have absolutely no juice outside of um support and and uh falling in line to support
the president so this reporting seems slightly dubious to me on those grounds i just i just
don't believe that any republican senators are actually giving meaningful pushback to president
donald trump in any fucking capacity and if he really wanted them to i suspect they would just
be jamming this thing through so maybe something else is going on here uh propaganda says genuine
question does constantly having to report on this trash heap of an administration to press you
or do you see as much needed cynicism and critique uh when networks seem to not have a spine you
you know i'm so out of the loop as to how like uh the msnbc's cnn's and i mean
fox news may as well be a different planet as far as i'm concerned that i don't even really
know how they'd be talking about i don't really know how they're reporting on trump
based on the clips we've seen uh what kind of juice do republicans have this is a really good
this is an important question this could affect the midterms that's true the midterms run on
juice and currently the juices available are rock and stone tapioca taint bloodboys and is loose
is loose the type of juice they have is loose the juice is loose didn't the juice die the juice
never dies because actually that's the worst use of that you've ever done only in context
um uh to answer your question propaganda i i don't know i don't know if i really get
that i think i actually was for a while feeling like i used to sometimes i like keep up with the
news outside of the stream what a novel idea i keep up with the news a bit um but if i get too
invested it definitely can be it's depressing and i think it can color your world view too much
but by that i mean i don't think it's healthy to be too obsessed with world events that you
can't really meaningfully influence which is true for most of us it's also i think unhealthy to be
completely ignorant of everything obviously um and i don't i don't you know i've i've often
on the stream wondered like how flippant should you really be about major world events um
it's not like a circle that i've really squared but i do think i'm less depressed about it
i i i think it's easy when you are curious about how the world works to get invested in a way where
you feel like uh your knowledge and understanding and ability to predict world events is some kind of
moral stand that you're taking and unfortunately that's just not true like you can be 100 percent
aware of all of the machinations of uh like power and have a very realistic world view of
how and and even predictive worldview of how things will turn out and ultimately if you're
just like talking about twitching youtube it's essentially just a vanity project so i'll while
i do think it's still good to be aware of things um at this point i guess even though it's a little
fucked up i essentially view staying abreast of world events is just sort of like a hobby um i do
think to a certain extent it's entertainment political action if you if you manage to find a way
to take any isn't necessarily entertainment and um if you can actually find a way to like organize
with like-minded people well then it doesn't become entertainment anymore but if we're all just sort of
passively consuming it or even like myself sort of passively commenting on it uh that is entertainment
which i have no problem with i think i think a little bit of entertainment that happens to
involve the news is fine um but anyway that's a long way of saying i don't really get depressed
about it in the same way i used to i do think the state of the world is often depressing and
i'm certainly not immune to feeling like shitty about it but um i definitely i've i've
turned down how wound up about it i get and not in the sense that i think the things happening
are aren't meaningful and really horrific uh but i guess i've turned down the the dial a little bit
on me thinking my particular understanding of it is like um i guess that meaningful if that makes
sense maybe that's not the the greatest thing for me to say to people who are watching me talk
about the news uh but i do think it's i think it can be a little healthy to at least recognize
when you're essentially talking for the sake of talking are you claiming that you're talking for
the sake of talking i think that's actually pretty much the talking that i do um more dick news
less news about dicks we do try to do both the trump admin is creating every distraction they can
to draw attention away from the epsin files it's insane yeah i get it's like what people care about
and what they think about does matter um but it's a big lumbering beast like public attention the
attention of hundreds of millions of people and billions of people is like impossible even to
really comprehend so public sentiment once it gets that big obviously it's influenced by news
and how people talk about it that's why propaganda and not the one in chat exists but our own individual
discreet opinions while they're not pointless i think getting too wound up about it can sometimes
in a weird way be even more stultifying than just allowing yourself to have opinions but
not necessarily feel like you're planting some flag in the ground by having them
also remember when we uh deposed and captured event is way on leader i do member that
and now we're still prepping to invade cuba i do also member that gotta stay grounded and
pick your battles i guess my my what i'm really trying to say is it's i think it's good to stay
in touch with world events to the extent that it doesn't create negativity in your own life that
you then take out on other people and i don't think i was doing that but i do think if i get
invested in like my emotional stakes in how i feel about the world it can make me sour to
people in my own life um or more sour than i would be otherwise and i think it's important to check
that because ultimately part of the reason i think it's like you can get along with i don't really
want to get to like we need diverse opinions in the news that's not what i mean you can get along
with people in your life obviously that you politically disagree with i think it's actually
healthy too and that's because ultimately interpersonal connections are not politics your
view on what's happening heuristically with millions of people at the same time uh can be
very detached from how you actually treat the people in your life and if you let the news make
you feel miserable all the time um then you will invariably i think take that out on the people
that you actually interact with uh and i do think the healthier thing in life again well it's
good to be aware of world events you should take a look at like how are you actually affecting the
people around you i do think that's ultimately more important than unless you're really actively
engaged socially politically i think that's generally more important uh fear of the other
has always been a go-to tactic for elections yes that is also true uh racist co-opted hate and
made hate politics yes well racism has been a real political tenant for quite a while
so sometimes i'm like well did racist co-opt politics or is politics just infused with racism at
its very origin uh well either way it does need to be extracted so maybe it's not the most relevant
way to look at it but yes you're completely right psych or that racism is heavily involved
in our politics currently only grunge face can cure racism if only we were all grunge pilled
if only we were all um hibernating sex maniacs that only appeared once a year
then there'd be no time for politics i think if we don't focus on the story's case things on
this stream can get a little too ungrounded that's possible i guess maybe we could get back to the news
maybe maybe we'll click on the chat news grand man already cured racism in chicken pox
i didn't know about the chicken pox one uh what's woke that is a good question going into 2026 what
is what what is woke anymore like is anything still woke no like what is that i i'm not even
entirely clear on what that word still means i think it might have gone the way of like six seven
people are still saying that are they though are they though it's definitely still a word used in
politics but i do feel like it's been used to the point where it's essentially been stripped of all
meaning um if you actually care about what words mean it it means bad for some people
i think now people who used to more actively claim they are like woke i don't know if anyone ever
actually used that word affirmatively was it always just used pejoratively to be like
people who care about the feelings of others are fucking idiots i'm not sure
six eight is the new thing now there's a six seven video in atw i assume that as soon as i now that
i am less young than i used to be i've been noticing that me too uh i assume this as soon
as i hear about slaying that the kids are using it's already they've already stopped
and as soon as i say they should stop i can actually that can be the service that i offer the world
as soon as i use slang kids you know it sucks six nine is six nine is that's a classic that's
an alexicon alexicon forever uh wait when did the stream break down to a cogent discussion
of american culture more news that is actually that is the point i was trying to make that of
if i'm not careful i'll start telling you guys my actual opinions and then we can't have any fun
woke used to mean cool or base but republicans adopted it to use as a derogatory term for liberals
that's true but i only i really only became aware of the term i feel like maybe around the first
trump like election cycle 2016 ish and by then i feel like i was already really hearing it mostly
used negatively outside of that one one song where they're like stay woke what song what song
am i thinking over they're like so stay woke probably it's a thing that we that like so many
words we just stole from black people and ruined uh giggle trash thank you for the gifted sub to
obligated sloth my gray is coming in beautifully well now that my hair is long and honestly
it's even grayer at the root but it's getting gray out here too that's a childish gambino song yes
thank you raman work help am i growing my hair out so i can do a ponytail i might be
getting into ponytail territory it's pretty long back here i might if i didn't have i might be getting
moldy kennel kind of wants me to shave a mustache so maybe this imagine just this guy's actually
wait can i see what that would look like take a break jeff one second is there anything that will
remove facial hmm all of this just gives me a mustache and a beard oh i could look like this
are you ready for this you still have a beard actually yes but i've got a much bigger mustache
ai i don't trust ai to give me the appropriate mustache also some of these mustaches i can't
show you guys some of these are a little riskier than i was expecting damn it these all suck
is that liana disguise maybe oh look at this one do you like this mustache should i go with this
i'm uh case blackwell from a universe where people have legs for mustaches yeah i've
guessed oh you guessed them do you like did you know that you actually still have to grow them up
and then if you shave your mustache it becomes a tiny little toe tiny little toes just one little
toe here that's a keeper that's a gooch oh yeah your gooch is right between your nostrils
no it's just the legs there's no gooch here our universe doesn't have gooches on our face we
have leg mustaches and i mine's very stylish you still have a beard too yeah i grew a beard out too
were we ever talking about the news was that a thing that we were ever doing i don't know case
what is happening all right fine chat news everyone let's see what news chat has shared
what happens when you lick the leg mustache i'm curious but i sent that guy packing where did he go
i don't know he universally he he's dimensionally swapped away this tentative hold we have on any
sort of shared reality is really crumbling right now case but maybe that's ai's fault because ai's
support bot is giving hackers access to other people's instagram accounts just by axing
ax asking ax king yes something like that what what's happening in march mark zuckerberg's meta
announced a new meta ai support assistant feature on both facebook and instagram providing users
with a way to resolve account problems and help in taking down any offending impersonator accounts
or scams besides highlighting the tech industry seemingly insatiable appetite for automating
customer service level jobs with ai the new feature appears to have backfired as 404 media
reports the chatbot happily obliged when hackers ask it for asked it for access to high-profile instagram
accounts you can't say the word ask anymore axing the news
huh how does the exploit work just out of curiosity well it sounds like you just asked
their ai support bot yeah does that even count as hacking if sending someone an email saying click
this link counts as hacking then i guess asking a chatbot to do it for you counts we found your
news weakness i can say the word i finally trained myself to stop doing that case you're bringing
out my worst ticks i'm sorry jeff really mm-hmm you've never apologized to me that's not true
social engineering ai to get me to say the word ask correct i feel like you've said it right before
but now i'm in my head about it the ruse is shockingly simple after matching the account
owner's geographic region using a vpn the hackers asked the support chatbot to change the email
address associated with the profile thereby allowing them to successfully complete two factor
authentication is this like reporting on how to build a nuke are we just giving people the
blueprints to pipe bombs right now i mean if it's as simple as just asking an ai to change the
email address of a different account then i don't feel too guilty about it you own the stream now
is that the reason that i'm clicking on this video of a dog rescuing a puppy or something
what we're moving on we're moving on to this feel good story from fox three a dog in turkey stuns
workers at a veterinary clinic in istanbul by carrying her puppy to their door to ask for help
the dog named mom by the veterinary the mom dog came to their clinic door this week clutching
her lifeless puppy in her mouth the technician oh lifeless the puppy was dead however the vet
detected a faint heartbeat gave it a shot of adrenaline then warmed the puppy with a hairdryer
mom remained nearby occasionally checking in on her baby she believes mom may have known about
this clinic by following members of the community who rescued her other puppy and then brought it
there amazing story and if you're furrowing your browsing impossible i will just say on a personal
note as a child we moved about 15 miles from one house to another our cat got out accidentally
and a month later showed up at our former house 15 miles away animals are capable of amazing
roger how was that story that relevant because he also had a pet that did a thing
you know it's also traveled a distance to this one brought a frickin sick dog to the vet
that's not like just going back to your house this implies an understanding of the medical
system case this cat dog this dog is showing signs of human level intelligence
it's going to replace all human workers within two weeks is what i'm trying to say oh god
that's right terrible news everyone nope dogs are coming for your jobs
how are they gonna do it they know where things are now and they're as good at it as you
oh god that's right all high level consumer grade work will be handled by dogs within three weeks
projects google founder bill you don't know anyone's name well enough to make stuff like this up
i'm just trying to say it's a real risk these dogs are getting too smart
is human level intelligence really that impressive good point also a good point that you can probably
just look up nuclear blueprints but there could be other limiting factors in getting a nuke
yeah for instance having a leader who just doesn't want to build one for years
but then when push comes to shove you're kind of like maybe be good if we had one
case stop spreading your political agenda for other countries having new
fine um oh yeah this news us political commentators denied entry to uk by home office
just on the last story though skimer says the mom dog wasn't seen for a while because
he was a puppy to distract while stealing nuclear blueprints
uh
he's coming brick ricks he's coming rick jeff stop it you don't even know my name
yes you're touching too many bugs anyway this guy this mustache man he's got a mustache case
he's got a full beard with his mustache but he's got more mustache than beard
two left-wing content creators have been blocked from entering the united kingdom after they
said the home office revoked their visas the us citizens hassan piker who's a twitch streamer
you might have heard and shank yunger yunger uh who co-founded and hosts the left-wing popular show
the young twerks yep uh that seems bad what was their reasoning
mmm the community security trust a jewish community group said in a statement that it
welcomed the decision okay well but what did the uk government say um a spoke okay i'm trying to see if
there's the uk is okay he said they revoked their visa what was the reason given we remain focused on
delivering a program this week that's okay the he was going to go to south by southwest they said
hey we're going to be fine uh green party leader zack palancy described the visa denials as a really
grim decision well look i'm assuming the reason people are going to suspect and why there's a quote from
um a jewish community organization is he was banned for his criticism of israel which seems
likely to me given some of the other crackdowns that have happened in the uk i'm
not really aware of this story at all so i don't know and i can't seem to see see the
okay the times reports that the decision to block uger is based on a range of things including what the
paper calls anti-semitic tropes such as the claim that israel controls america i see
um so yes i guess it was that he did he did not say positive things about israel
but he said that did jake ever say that jews control america
okay because that is pretty anti-semitic to say saying israel controls america is also
is not in my opinion anti-semitic i don't even know it's really accurate um but i don't think it's
anti-semitic i think it's pretty fairly i mean if you say israel exerts undue influence over
american politics vastly outsized and ridiculous influence over american politics is that anti-semitic
yeah israel does not equal all jews so i don't think but if shank did say
that's what i guess i don't i'm assuming they would have a quote from him if he had actually
said that so my guess is he didn't i'm honestly pretty unfamiliar with the young turks and i'm
at this point fairly unfamiliar with most of hisan's content but from what i know of hisan
um he pretty much is very clear on the distinction between israel and the jewish people
and jewish people generally so anyway i i suspect this is just the usual conflation of
israel and anti-semitism and the general weaponization of uh specific forms of identity politics to try
to control people you just figure you just figured in this sad case i don't know why we're conflating
a country with religion i mean there is a lot of support for israel amongst
you know i'm not i don't even know a majority of jewish americans that might be too far
but a fair amount but even then it's like it's just two fucking different things
also like um for white men in my demographic there's outside support for donald trump um
so be like being it'd be like if you criticize white guys in like uh and then i got really up
in arms about people being like i don't like what donald trump is doing be like oh you're
coming for white guys uh people keep merging it all together yes the conflation is intentional and
very stupid don't mess with the zo uh zohan is a hard watch these days oh man i haven't seen that
movie in a while uh but i am a fan of john titurro so maybe i gotta check it back out
doesn't that movie end with like john titurro is a palestinian like super agent and he and the
zohan end up being buds so really it's a positive message you're defending don't mess with the
zoan i haven't seen it since i was a sorry spoilers everyone i don't think i've seen it since i was
maybe a teenager when did that come out was i could i possibly been a teenager and that came out
don't mess with i maybe it was in my 20s and that feels like the kind of thing i definitely watched on
like cinemax back when it was still called that 2008 okay yeah i would have been in my very early 20s
that was like a post-college watch on my parents couch i feel like when i was visiting
wasn't that a shitty movie um you tell me what do you think based on these
have this half an image in this full image i do i i suspect it's it would feel a little
propagandistic at this point but uh hey i haven't seen in a while i don't really remember it that well
i don't want to say anything controversial and get my visa revoked in case i want to go to um
the uk anytime soon i don't want to come after don't mess with the zoan zoan
don't mess with the zora too busy watching borat borat is a movie that i also
obviously i have some fondness for and i loved it when it came out but i've i haven't
rewatched it in a long time and i suspect the racism against muslim people for me would probably
register a little bit harder than it did when i was uh 16 or 17 but maybe i'm being a real
stick in the mud but sometimes i look back on that movie and i'm like wait a minute
wait a minute what were we all laughing at there america through the lens of a guy
you watched borat with your mom it was not appropriate i'm not saying borat shouldn't exist i'm just saying
some of its popularity might have been based a little bit on a blind spot for um us wanting
to laugh at essentially people from the middle east the r kelly episode of the boondocks is hard
to watch now a lot of things are hard to watch like this interview to transition
what if this isn't easy and fun watch though let's find out
you're claimed that your abusive stepfather forced you to kill a man when you were seven
years old is that the only person you've ever what huh well i would say as a as a child yes
i mean without question wait what um but i've been in other situations where
all right fine i guess i need a little bit of context what the fuck is happening here
oh yeah we could have told people i guess maga candidate refuses to say how many people he
killed but the people he killed was what was the question your stepfather your abusive stepfather
forced you to kill a man when you were seven years old huh well how is the question how many
how many people was he forced to kill at seven is that the question let's keep going with this
interview to find out there's no count going back a little bit um but i've been in other situations
where you know possibly people or persons died as a result of me defending myself and other
countries there's a huge debate coming up on that and i there's no photos or
but that was something as a kid without a without a doubt yeah how is he do you think that you've
killed people as an adult do you think does it matter yeah what why killing somebody's a pretty
weighty thing if someone's trying to kill you or you're in combat it's still it's still a weighty
thing to take somebody else's life i mean it could be self-defense it could be justified but it's
still a weighty thing so i'm just asking you how many people have you killed well if i did i wouldn't
be here's how a reporter sitting here my training center how about voters would you tell voters
there's no need i don't think that's important it's actually kind of
it's a not question to me it's fun it is really rude to ask a
prospective politician their body count is it crazy that i do think they're being a little rude
it is a little it would be traditionally considered i think to be in bad taste to ask a soldier how
many people they killed but also he said that he had to kill a man at seven i think he's trying
to be coy in a very similar way that like a teenage boy would be if you asked him how many girls he
hooked up with over the summer for me plenty i didn't ask you but i'm just saying if you did
it'd be i wouldn't tell you but i mean you know you know i can't believe you asked me that i
didn't ask you that it's a lot oh no no no it's if i did it's just because and people needed pleasure
and i gave it to them i didn't ask we didn't ask in this case and also this is about murder oh
right we're talking about people actually dying how many people has cia rick terminated oh wow
we can ask him next time he's here and we can get his take on this it's very odd to volunteer the
information that your stepdad forced you to kill someone at seven uh how many people has cia rick
terminated negative one uh he's under an nda exclamation point four but that's at exclamation
point three so be careful lucky number eleven which i think is a clear front runner and
also exclamation point four but at exclamation point five which some people argue splits the
exclamation point four bit vote but exclamation point four is actually lucky number eleven so
right i'm tracking and the winner was exclamation point four aka lucky number seven perfect
perfect he seems what's he running for i already closed the story
Colorado governor primary that's the front runner in Colorado's primary GOP's primary for
governor that's the republican front runner for the governor's primary in a state that
i'm quite close to actually not that close it's drivable i can go hang with this guy i can ask
him i can do some reporting because where the news now it is a little weird it's a little weird to
ask a soldier in an interview how many people have you killed like in the same sense that like
that'd be an awkward thing to ask like a a veteran at a party but i think you open yourself up to it
when you say that you're you murdered someone at seven it also feels a little bit like a lie
um what i i'm not saying it necessarily is but the energy he has again is of a kid
bragging have you guys seen those youtube videos or not youtube tiktok videos of the guy with the
little sunglasses and he's constantly talking about how he's special forces i can't even do his voice
he's nailing whatever that voice is does anyone know what i'm talking about they're kind of popular
videos were like this he's getting interviewed i wish i knew his name because it's actually quite
funny psychor knows it's like this guy doing fake podcasts where he's like an elite operator
if this guy had that guy's voice the the presentation would be so close like the way they are talking about
things is wildly similar which is like you don't you're sorry you just don't even really good to know
it's a little above your pay grade what i did it's like steven segal but if you had more of a lisp
and like uh you know maybe hit guy hit by a donkey actually know that the guy in tiktok
sounds smarter than steven segal the guy in tiktok is like if steven segal never got hit by a donkey
isn't there no statue of limitations on murder charges you'd think you'd think if he's confessing
to even as a seven-year-old murdering someone there might be some way to look into that maybe
we got to look into this uh now i'm curious also why don't they have his name in here
maga colorado g.o.p primary governor
seven-year-old murder what is the statement victor marx okay that's his name uh-oh he's a marxist
okay that's a that's a good one victor marx seven-year-old murder he does exorcism by phone
says he killed a man when he was seven but where i really want to hear him say it
why is this only it says there's only a facebook story on this which worries me okay well
there doesn't seem to be any legal case and everything is just click everything i'm clicking
on is linking to this interview that um was already shared by live in sleazy i'm just looking for any
other conversations from this man here's another clip let's see what i'm kind of i'm kind of curious
about this guy now i guess this is why he's such a good politician when you say the words we caught them
do you mean your team caught them or you watched the border patrol catch them we identified them
we were by ourselves and then we brought in border patrol and then you said quote we made them pay
a price what was the price that you made them pay consequences through the border patrol
last night when you told the the same story at your town hall you said we caught guys bringing kids in
they got their feelings hurt you used that phrase hurting people's feelings frequently uh for acts
of violence right beating somebody out shooting somebody killing somebody did any of those things
happen to those smugglers that you caught when you said they got their feelings hurt i believe
when i used the term feelings that could literally mean hurting someone's emotional feelings
and sometimes other things but we were not involved in any acts of violence against
those traffickers oh god we have the dumbest i guess i've never lived in another country but it
really feels like we have some of the dumbest politicians of all time this is like if john
fetterman was republican which he basically already is so he also killed people while hanging out with
border patrol they also does exorcisms by the phone he hurts those ghost feelings canadians
aren't aren't much better i've got a shock mr what wonderful didn't uh find political success but
hey the he's still young enough that he could okay let's do two more stories then we'll
we'll run these other segments out for the day phone sounds like the easiest way to do it i
would much rather do it by phone actually that's pretty practical because if you watch the exorcists
and then we're like why didn't they just do it by phone i didn't have that thought and that's a pretty
smart thought that's true just hold that phone up to this just send us a human sacrifice to
hold the phone up to the ghost here or you just roll in a phone on speakerphone
then the demon can't attach to you it might attach to the phone and then you cancel your
phone plan and then it's trapped in the phone oh you're right
exorcism by phone how to we should learn we should absolutely learn this okay let's do these last
two stories because this is see it feels important this is an important headline right here exclusive
coming in from radar shon diddy combs faces three inch penis accusation after ultra graphic freak
off orgy tapes spread online there's ultra graphic freak off orgy tapes
not that that's the main thing that i picked up off of that i just mean wouldn't those potentially be
like sexual abuse tapes based on some of the other reporting around his proclivities oh well
oh well i don't i don't know uh shon diddy combs is being branded itty bitty diddy uh all over again
as his alleged micro penis seems to be on display in alleged freak offs three inches isn't micro
i'm sure we've looked up the definition of micro penis on the stream and i don't really want to
look it up again did he is standard at a standing watching sex and stroking his penis in the corner
yeah but is he hard that's not the question i wanted you to ask case i'm just saying if we're
doing official reporting on the size of diddy's penis it's a level count it's level is important
to the story i hate this i hate it i hate all of this the rapper 56 okay he sees this is this many
words to say there's a video of him jerking off in the corner of a sex party let's move on
um uh liven sleazy said i had to watch it for the news that's fair liven sleazy you're doing the
important reporting uh that we're too afraid to fearless reporting from liven sleazy
yeah we'll save it for the patreon this is your uh this is my ad for the patreon if you want to
watch me and casm g embarrassed and and slightly unsure if we should be watching a video of
of diddy jerking off that'll probably happen on thursday that sounds like the kind of thing
that would happen on thursday classic thursday content fbi directors girlfriend sues ms now
accuses cable network of false portrayal wait what she's suing oh they're still together sorry
this had me worried that cash and that country singer broke up looks like they might still be
together and she's just suing ms now but over what fbi director cash patelle's girlfriend has filed a
lawsuit against ms now accusing the news organization of sham anonymous sources and pushing knowingly
and recklessly false allegations uh but what were those allegations the defendants falsely
asserted that miss wilkins demanded and uh director patelle ordered federal agents
security detail which did not even exist at the time uh and i also escort an intoxicated friend
home after a night of partying they falsely portrayed miss wilkins as being intoxicated
even knowing that she does not drink how does she hang out with cash patelle then
he only drinks on special occasions like fridays or thursdays if it's an early weekend
or wednesday mornings if he had a rough tuesday because he was doing a late weekend tuesday
or monday's obviously because monday's are the hardest day of the week
and then obviously weekends are right off so he only drinks on special occasions
pete hexeth drinks all the time though that's that is there's no way to slanderize that man
he is always drunk actually wait we well we can't get in trouble we're not popular enough
and the article published on ms now website dillian and lining leoning report that on more than
one occasion patelle ordered that the security detail protecting wilkins escort one of her
inebriated friends home is there any chance cash patelle's girlfriend really doesn't drink
i guess there are girls out there that hang out with drunks that just don't drink i don't know
how they do it but i guess if you're like a country wannabe well maybe not even a wannabe
singer if you're like a country a singer entertainer maybe you just get used to
hanging around drunk dudes your dating pool is drunk dudes so you just even if you're a
teetotaler you have to stick you have to stick it out uh get married to drug and alcohol users
while sober somehow yeah i guess that does happen but cash patelle's girlfriend isn't she
a foreign asset i actually don't know anything about cash patelle's girlfriend other than that
she's supposedly a country singer what's her name maybe it's time that we finally see what kind of
artistry she's putting down alexis wilkins maybe we've even watched one of her videos before and it
just drifted past me come on what's her music video all of these everything about her is about
cash patelle i'm here for alexis wilkins music not news about her boyfriend oh here we go this
is the official music video grit i support independent film everyone maybe it's the time that you got a flat
tire and your damage you're changing yourself this isn't her voice she told you to go to him
it's friday friday that's rough i'm not a country guy i'm not a country music guy
no shade it's just not my fave it doesn't seem like it would be most people's fave even if you are a
fan of country music maybe case you're not a music reviewer you're not one of the fantana girls you
mean anthony fantana possibly let's end on this video of a bat-eared fox okay what where's the video
oh my god oh my god look at those ears it was accurate the description
oh yeah okay okay that's pretty good they are sort of little pepitos but but a little less
terrifying looking shh you could get upset i don't give a fuck i'm sexy ew i don't know what sexy means
is that like when you eat a model yes but i'm sexy gross a pallet cleanser yeah i made us think
about cash patelle too much it did it is a lot it's a real psychic load all that stuff you said
earlier about not taking the news too seriously went out the window now we're gonna be carrying
cash patelle with us all week that's what his designated driver says just kidding he doesn't
have one okay um okay let's uh do another segment another one another one we got to play a fairly
large game that i started downloading oh it did finish maple story so that'll be what we end
the stream with because it always takes longer than you'd think to attempt to get that controller
of brandon's to work we also have to find out who's a better gamer me or brandon only one of
us is a real professional at it but i'll let chat be the judge or i guess much and we'll let somebody be
the judge for now let's send it to um uh how to just to learn how to do you know the usual
things i'm assuming it's jeb nugget hopefully he's he'll probably be normal today oh hey everybody
propaganda really every time i'm gonna stop commenting on it because it's so hurtful and
unnecessary it's so hurtful and unnecessary if i could get my old face back you think i wouldn't
go pick it up from the cleaner i'm kidding you can't do that i just i don't bring up your you
know i don't bring up other people's trauma of smashing your face into the bottom of a well
speaking of how tos updating snap camera unofficial april first oh that's from 2025
never mind for unrelated reasons i just started thinking about snap camera repositories and
how they work but that's not important right now i'm jeb nugget i'm here to love and learn
with all of you and my dad is here and he's dead and he's in the woods maybe today i'm
alive and i'm in the wood maybe that's what's happening is that's happening i don't know
no it's not he's dead he sucks how could i kill my daddy when he's already dead ask yourself that
important question every day every day
okay do do do do do
let's see what you guys have shared in the how to section of the bin section of the
cream dot team discord okay there it is how to make homemade tart tater tots
how to open a door which is good because you might be doing something wrong
that you think you've been doing right your whole life but it's important to get confirmation
the door one needs subtitles um i'll have to read them for you guys because
some of these graphics cover them up
did you know that every third person constantly opens doors incorrectly
do not be a bad door opener for there's hardly anything easier than opening a door
a rule of thumb for opening a door is that the door is always open in the same way
and turn this down it's important to properly learn basic door opening
the door is approached calmly uh three meters before the door you have to step to be
step to be adjusted so that the left foot stops about five centimeters from the threshold
right foot stays behind this is important the prerequisites for opening a door in a
rhythmically successful way is that your weight rests on your left foot your posture is correct
if you can effortlessly lift your right foot in the air and rotate it without falling
try that
now you'll extend your left arm towards the door handle while your weight shifts forward
due to this maneuver your weight also moves your left hand which sort of automatically pushes
the handle down wow that's well put from the emerged opening you'll slip your right foot in
rotating on it turning your front side towards the entry direction oh oh you go through real
smooth the same time grabbing the handle with your hand while shifting your weight to the right
oh you kind of go through in one big movement like that i don't know if i've
you've learned how to open a door here is to open it away from you
and also open it towards us should remember that this time we only taught you how to open
a door in situation where the door is open from the right side with a push that's a really good
point the method we learned just now should not be applied to opening any other kind of door
or you'll be left outside oh now we can listen to jazz house just a listening party keep it moving
the sooner you're done with this the sooner we could end this charade existence of mine daddy i'm
not destroying your wood no matter how many times you beg me to put it in the incinerator
uh here's a finish guy teaching us how to disco sorry i have to cut off this house music so that we
can learn how to actually disco correctly
we don't need some titles for this one you kind of get it
this is where you have to get the right disco feeling that this is a success
this is important basic disco dance next is the left side one right one two right
three four one two three four
we bring the wheels to the floor and we bring the wheels
so one two three four one two three
i see how i do this
oh now i'm wearing slippers i'm wearing slippers
i can't do it
it got too advanced it got way too advanced for me
oh god
i kind of liked it when it was just gyrating your hips
oh look at that jaunty hip movement
two three four now we can do it like this and when we get these moves we just need a disco music
kind of like your naughty little boy oh god it's so fast
oh god am i getting too dizzy
oh fuck i'm getting too dizzy
shit
i boxed my head real hard why not hard enough you want me to die
is that what would make you happy if i was as dead as my father that's so fucked up to say
you're not even dead at all you piece of shit oh god daddy you can't talk to me that way
how to perform an exorcism
what about holy water nope
uh okay wait did we already watch this did we already watch this one
yeah we already did that one he says what about holy water nope okay tater tots it is then
tater tots tater tots she said it too you're gonna want to see this you're gonna want to see this
tater tots i've never made them because it just always seems easier to buy them i can already
tell you the benefit here is that you can make a lot for not a lot of money
the recipe just calls for two large or maybe three smaller rested potatoes you start by peeling
those and bringing them to a boil besides price another person to making your own is that they're
going to be available tater tots aren't easy to find ever since the pandemic they're not only let you
buy one bag at a time that's not enough i thought they're easy to find water and bring them to a boil
i just boil these for just about 10 minutes you're just trying to kind of cook that tater three
we're not looking to cook them as much as mashed potatoes or you won't be able to shut up
i'm gonna let these cool slightly for about five to ten minutes cool out the handle use a box
grater and grate away never met a potato was everyone eating tater tots or the pandemic
and let any excess moisture evaporate out that's the hardest part and you saw how easy it was
and i imagine you could do that step in my quick once all the moisture has evaporated out we're
gonna add this to a bowl and stir in a few more things all right i'm going with a little bit of
flour that's gonna absorb any remaining moisture so of course you need a little salt some fresh
parsley and then this is seasoned pepper you can use also like a grill seasoning now end with a
little onion powder a lot of flavor in these pots and now we're gonna form our tots everyone
knows what a tater tot looks like i'm gonna squeeze it together so it sticks oh you've got
a handle with your mitt great little task to invite the kids into the kitchen i never realized
tater tots are hand rolled all right i have got some peanut oil that is heated up to 350 degrees
this is a great time if you have a spider or a slotted spoon or something like that a spider
tater tots into the oil carefully without trying to plop them in so they don't splatter on you
and then you're just gonna work in batches because these are only going to take about three minutes
to cook hey do you have a bunch of oil you got any better than the frozen ones oh yeah those
look delicious you're gonna drain these on paper towel and sprinkle a little salt you can see
the crunch on these tater tots i'm impressed one of these things is not i mean i can't see the
crunch that's a noise has she lost her mind you can see it they look crunchy i can't see a crunch
daddy jet can oh i bet he could synesthesia his way but as a skill i wouldn't he just love to do
that he does he has synesthesia but only by choice that's so stupid i like it that's stupid to have
that as a choice it's cool that he can do that it's not even that cool it's mostly like why would you
it's stealing valor from people that actually have it no people like that people with synesthesia
think it's moving that he cares so much that he gave himself it just to see how they feel
the whole organization of synesthesia and anatomists gave him an award
i do remember that he didn't invite me to the reception well it was a pretty VIP
those shots did look pretty good don't let my daddy confuse you with your raving and ranting that's what
you're doing no that's it that's the three we have i really bonked my head so i gotta go put some ice on
it i like to i like to use popsicles on my head and then when the popsicle runs down if i give
myself a head bonk put a popsicle on it out of the wrapping and then when the popsicle runs down
between your eyes you get a little extra treat you know lap up the popsicle you're using to calm your head
it'll get the little runoff from the popsicle that sucks i hate that well i like it daddy and
i like all of you because you're actually never too old to learn a new trick we'll see you soon
okay bye bye everybody one second everybody we seem to be experiencing minor technical difficulties
let's send it back to case there we go the camera is correctly adjusted so that i have the right hair
and we're in the right place hate it when that happens what exactly did happen uh production
just production stuff uh looks everyone thinks munch is gonna win today people forget that i win all
the time but everybody's also saying that i win all the time how do they forget if they're
also saying it they forget how much they like that i win all the time is what i meant to say
anyways case are brand and better at games is the question settled down everybody
hey you can keep applauding if you want i guess they don't wear a merkin
obviously i've willed my hair to be gray as an immortal i could i could look like a lustrous
teenager but i enjoy this more stately look earns you immediate respect having a mane of powerful
gray lion hair just looks like a shitty wig you dumbass wow somebody woke up woke up on the wrong
side of the i don't know goosak they sleeping don't sleep in a goosak i guess i'd have never
told you that story i slept in a honey filled sleeping bag once because it was a treatment
that my wife and i were getting from a intimacy coordinator oh my god i didn't mean to i just
meant that you're fucking a monster that probably sleeps in a weird place that's all i
i didn't forgot that that was a thing you actually did it's normal it's it's a honey therapy treatment
where you and your wife to increase intimacy you sleep in separate well the intimacy coordinator
sleeps in a sleeping bag with your wife filled with honey to guide her through the process while
you sleep in a honey a honey sleeping bag that shield from the top so you're they
poke a hole in there so you don't you can still breathe but you're just in the honey bag
and what does that help with intimacy the question today crumb you don't want to know more i really
don't the question today crumb is who's a better gamer case or brandon um aren't they both pretty
bad yeah obviously they will suck um but well not but brandon is a young man who's finding his way
oh your your brandon stand well look we don't all agree with the way brandon games but we can
all at least agree with his politics right the opposite of that i mean i don't know
if i agree with any of it but i'm assuming brandon's a better gamer really you don't get to oh we're
tied in the playing count fine i guess case is better at gaming but politics but the politics of
brandon are better or do you mean the brandon you like to talk about so much the one that's
always let's going no that's not obviously that's not the one i need me me you know i choose brandon
i just won the i just won the playing count fine whatever i think case is fine at games too i
guess depending on the game i hear someone approaching the soft steps
nope she walked away she saw chrome and she walked away she saw chrome and she walked away
that's not she saw us both no looked at you specifically she just was busy she's doing she's
busy anyway might as we can make that debate i actually think the professional gamer professionalism
used to matter in this country yeah and then it was systematically destroyed by your party
professionalism in general was consistently questioned by the forces that you represent
there's uniparty support for everybody being a fucking idiot and you know it
obviously i support the proud idiots of our country the mentally incapable of thought
that's a backbone of america that i i i and i appreciate the statements of certain
CEOs who say that an interior monologue is actually a waste of time i appreciate all perspectives my
point is case is good at um case can play card games we didn't specify the type of games
and cases can play card games he can play them he can play them reasonably well from what i've
heard him lightly brag about or let's be honest sometimes full brag
he barely he fucking refuses to brag because he's a coward cowardly not bragging about his ability
to play card games somewhat decently you know who never is afraid to brag about being the
best at games that they lose at consistently brandon look this is a attention-based economy
the and the real skill at games is forcing people to watch you play them and nobody forces a
couple people that are really here for something else to watch them play games like brandon i'm assuming
i mean i haven't watched personally but that's just because you know i'm i'm mostly in the opera
shench wins since forever look i mean he the real skill at games is forcing yourself to play them
for 15 to 20 minutes regardless of their quality and while doing so you claim that you're the
best in the world at them this is this is he's he's maxing he's gamer uh he's skit he's gamer maxing
that's what they say right he's gamer maxing by limiting the amount of time that he games and
during that time claiming to be the absolute best in the world that is a proven success strategy
and really you think fucking case can actually play any game well they only think he's better
than brandon which is the bar is low the bar is very low well you know who live boat under
that bar even with his bad knees and all the stink of that bag honey still on him
a certain guy with them what i've been told is a decently sized hog
that's bra i should have said that i should i don't need a bragg
what the fuck are you talking about you're not talking about your fucking wrinkly asshole
it is wrinkly it is a wrinkly old it is a wrinkly old geezer down there for sure
sometimes i think it's uh it looks like mr magoo forgot to put on a costume you know
talking about my penis it's i shouldn't have opened the door don't talk about your penis
that is not related to anything you're talking about i just do a little boys talk do a little
club talk sorry i get wild sometimes i know how to have fun i know how to talk about my penis and
insult it there's 14 comments that we have just been ignoring and this seems like a perfect time to
get in and no i'm celebrating my victory with a little rough talk a little rough hewn talk from
a real machismo magnet like myself with a decent side of spanish that i will admit is wrinkly and
ugly does it really count as resigning if yourself uh if you give yourself a months notice like
tulsi did well i mean i'm for a long time said i will resign from all of my positions at the
heat death of the universe i will obviously then resume those positions as soon as the
new universe is born in my image but so you can what i'm saying is you can call your resignation
in advance sometimes billions of years in advance it doesn't count she's they're all a bunch of
frauds um trump is just want on a rant many people don't know there is a been in the word dumb a be in
the word dumb you read that b he read that has been many people don't know there's a be in the word
dumb he has the intellect of a six year old well the six year olds know there's a be in the word
dumb wouldn't they probably spell it d um so i mean not to advocate for the president here but
i think he's reading it at least a seventh grade level i don't think we should check how many
seventh graders know that there's a be in the word dumb sometimes i add other words to the dumb
for instance c u r m b that sucks that's not even a good one it's a fucking good one i just
got your ass i just strung you up like fucking laundry and you're not even drying
you just stumbled on this channel it's disturbing and yet fantastic at the same time i love it
well i'm in love with you oh my god don't say that to a new viewer look it's a little quick
but i'm in love with you blend uh whoa this name blend uh blendable chroma that shouldn't
have been that hard for you to read i'm in love with you stop fucking scaring away people by coming
out so strong it'd mean the world to me if you kept watching me stop it stop this i will do anything
shut up sound like fucking boy's writing right now jesus christ uh thank you for the follow
though we do appreciate it case must have really not like those pants to throw them away
oh talking about what he did to kendall for any one new viewer that we may have uh
the guy who streamed this is supposedly supposedly has a girlfriend named kendall and he threw away
several of her garments that were unopened in a bag like a fucking maniac we can finally agree on this
that is insane that he did that when case finally gets partnered are we are we calling his girlfriend
fake because i'm down to do that no it's different when case finally gets partnered he should ditch us
like fiona after she got partnered that would be a very case moved to just abandon something
like the second he makes any progress peter steel is running to argentina no one in history has done
that before trying to think of what you could even be talking about and not she's they retired
they retired i'm not saying i'm not i'm not pro nazi really you're not i'm not
but it's in actually they fled they retired comfortably oh my god how many people has rick
killed uh i'm gonna not i'm gonna plead the fifth on that not because it's not me case how many
correspondents have you disappeared he's down at least lilyana tyler sammy um i haven't seen that
weird guy who looks like a serial killer in a while probably others where's hate sock been
salazar that's at least i'm thinking at least 50 50 kassim and fiona yet where are they they've
never been on the well they haven't on the stream but only briefly and they were never corresponded
he's killed hundreds i hope crumb's wife got everything in the divorce
we're not divorced okay well that's a reductive term divorce is a reductive term well it's a limited term
you can actually separate parts of yourself from each other but share other parts it's like
polyamory but if it was uh like a poly market of self stocks and you choose what to invest in
at any given time you can just be in the cuck stuff i'm really not unfortunately i've learned i'm not
usually i because i think when you get humiliated you're supposed to feel pleasure
and i really do just feel pain okay we're moving on from there so honey uh honey cooking
no no that's a different thing that was a procedure leave the mcdonald's order on the porch next to
the aggro crag statue please crap wrong browser window what a mistake giggle trash come on stop
telling on yourself why did kendall quit the lucrative career like how'd you say lucrative
just now you've been saying that word too much oh um well i am trying to release a book called
uh lucrative oils it's about oils that you can sell online the oil market a non non um
gasoline oils is the book i'm trying to write my wife has an oil instructor and we're
considering co-releasing a book with me as of funding it oh my gosh there's too much lower
on you jesus christ enough lore with you what no lucrative oils lucrative oils it's a working title
how did crumb get bad knees it's a really funny story that we don't have time for jesus uh isn't
the gorilla supposed you don't want to hear my knee story i don't i don't i was helping my
wife's lamastra instructor move into our place oh my god all right isn't the gorilla supposed
to punch he's a male lamastra i understand isn't isn't the gorilla supposed to punch the groin of
crumb that is supposed to happen i'm waiting for case to get the legal clearance is necessary
i will hold up my end of the bargain and i have as mentioned been training my little wrinkly guy
although honestly a decent sized wrinkly guy my old man in the sea if the sea was my
my rancorous um ocean of pubic care anyway i'm training my penis to get punched
lamas is for pregnant women yeah but what if you're training post pregnancy several 20 years later
it's a then you can use them as well is your wife pregnant again no no no she was dealing with
postpartum to pregnancy 25 years after the fact and so she had her male lamastra instructor move
in for a couple weeks and i hurt my knee moving his pommel horse i believe it was who got crumb's
wife pregnant me twice i'm not gonna i'm not gonna disperse the good reputation of belulia
crumb although i do think the most based thing she's ever done is cheat on you regularly
how limited your perception to think that she's cheated on me at all
i have eyes that can see beyond such pity insecurities i call those eyes go pros
matt lidell rockin stone brand brand exclamation point four and of course me
which i didn't thank god i didn't but matt congratulations on your child matt lidell
wasn't even around when my wife got pregnant and i would know because i was there i really was i did
i we see i they are my kids you can really tell they do look a lot they look like you exactly they
do actually which is unfortunate for them um that's that's low even for you you know it's low that you
did that to them is crumb rocking a liam niche in or a ditty down there does liam niche never
rocking hog look i'll level with you guys i do have a long and ugly penis that is still an old
louis ck bit which i think you're not supposed to do because you're worried about that kind of thing
it's not a bit it's not a look it's not pretty but it's big it's true it kind of looks like um
the sort of thing they used to clean out like a laundry machine you know well or like the
cords behind your laundry machine if you ever go back there and you're like what is this big
honking thing connect to that's i've had similar reactions but i'm not a size guy
so to me it's not appealing and it isn't and it is subjectively an ugly penis chode
it's more like um you know it's like an old warly mammoth that they thought out of the ice and
tried to rehabilitate and it didn't take this is too much about you as always it's way too much
and just check the tape munch said he was back in case before the poll started check the tape
munch said he was back in case before the poll started did you did we switch a route didn't we
switch a rude mid poll so that's allowed you can switch a horse mid streams you can stream a horse
in the middle of a stream i don't look there's too it's too late i got the victory i mean i did win
obviously but i also am too lazy to go check the tape crumb is terrible and nobody likes him
he should go back to hell and just let us hang out with zombie crumb and his devil translator guy
i do miss the devil can you stop living in this fantasy world where i was a zombie and you had to
debate the devil to rescue my soul from hell no appreciation for the things i do literally the
the the greatest friend move that your mortal enemy could ever make and i get in fucking nothing for
it and i wouldn't want anything from you anyway so fuck you is my point well what new viewers
we're probably still at zero viewer should we check with there's no time there's no time okay
that's it i fucking won i literally did win well it i you know i don't accept asterix i'm gonna i'm
gonna i've been working on it with my uh honey bag lemage instructor you have you have your own
lemage instructor i also have my own lemage instructor men can get depressed over pregnancy
to and want to work on pelvic floor exercises it's allowed and he says i need to work on on
celebrating my win so no asterix i don't care what happened i got the big w today and i'm except
we're cutting away from all of this it's fucking over it's the end at the end
crumb is going to be arrested it's only a matter of time the same thing that happened to maduro
i've heard is going to happen to crumb what don't i'm saying stuff like that you're going to get
maduro of advanced swat team is entering the premises now to requisition you to illegally
illegally requisition you to with i don't know prison forever i'm assuming i'm just going to keep
saying that till it happens please that's much in crime there's more stuff coming up but this was
the main event so i don't even know why we'll see you soon oh my fellow americans today is the moment
to stay your one and only dead president's return i'm not not just on that fucking cash money
anymore i'm on your goddamn screen watching the hottest videos from around the internet
trying to appeal to the kids are starting cursing
time it's pretty safe i'm thinking that's right
fucking stacking up those dead presidents i'm all about that money now uh congratulations
appealing to the kids why the children and the future of this great nation i want to
meet them where they're at i love the i went to the back rooms and i dropped some back shots i've
been fucking why are you saying it all like a question i don't know the kids i don't want to
just seem like some old out-of-touch guy i think aggressively talking about fucking
as a dead ancient president probably does that google trash thank you so much google trash
just a lot for price three money bucket and man i probably shouldn't say this but i got
us my son you could store so many tether tots in that bad boy i see a fellow aficionado of large
hats to store food in that's what people don't realize why we wore these big old hats it was to
store food in and sometimes bugs bugs you find a cool bug in the woods and you want to keep it
biden new lincoln's dad i consider biden a close personal friend
and the whole biden lebanor family that's their secret middle name but it was a little too spicy for
our age it sounded foreign lebanor uh you thought it was the height of boner it's good for that too
you can dangle it over your erect penis as a party trick and then people are impressed that you're
that firm but they never see the size you don't want you don't want to have to compete with other
presidents for that you know i don't i i don't i was never president and it shows i'm a i'm assuming
there's only been a couple of you a couple oh no did we stop doing them now we're still
doing them unfortunately i think we probably should have stopped after 20 but we've kept
and we've kept running up the numbers legacy uh okay well anyway we're supposed to go amongst the web
mr president very good in my day we'd go amongst the pamphlets what we'd get we'd get some wild
pamphlets out there we'd go ham on that printing press we'd print stuff that was wild stories about
like horses you ever had a good horse story horror horse the genre of horse i i've seen movies with
horses no the genre of horse like a story about a horse it gets us new saddle you ever read that one
you ever read the story about the horse that gets a new saddle i've seen sea biscuit what
all right let's just watch a video because you're not making any sense
horse story is different pre-save now what does that mean do i need to save those three four
children from that parking lot uh no you can save the link what do they mean by pre-save
it is piping up the release of their new song with kasha and good for boythrob who's somehow
being accused of being an industry plant which i guess is possible but i think they just got popular on
tiktok oh yeah ratings a type of number between four and score that's not every type of number
it's a joke i'm doing a joke i know there's all the numbers we had up to a hundred in my day sir
wow that's a lot yeah exclamation point seven years ago this guy gets it i'm excited for i mean i'm a
fan of boythrob hey kennel is you know boythrobs doing a song with kasha kennel already knew
kennel already knows all this stuff i can never impress her work on that son it's about listening
actually now back in my day it was about telling them what to do and forcing extremely rigorous
gender gender standards on them so try that i'm not gonna try that all right what the hell
someone put you in here um this is an old cream team cream stream clip
what the fuck
oh this is probably me yelling a bunch this is um this is a clip of me yelling in the past as opposed
to the current clips of me yelling try to kill me jack try to kill me exterminator try to kill
me scrammer try to kill me plop don't try to kill me greener sam try to kill me some orbital
sense he's gonna kill me slender drake try to kill me exterminator try to kill me and beam off closing
us out with this this is 69 why did you ever stop doing that and did it i guess nobody succeeded
killing you must be nice i do like that currently i'm not i haven't been killed must be nice there used
to be a podcast now there's a stream on thursdays that you have to pay for wow progress um a joel
haver fireside chat this is oh it's not very long 9.91 someone rightfully gave it a zero
like you can't win over everybody i don't know if anybody gave it a zero i did how could you
could have been a 10 my screaming there's a fireside chat hey son i got something i need to tell you
i'm a virgin hashtag relatable well wait dad it if you're a virgin then
how could you be my father well me your mother decided to go with the artificial insemination
route why would you do that well i was saving myself you were saving yourself i mean you two
together for over 20 years i wasn't saving myself for your mother i was saving myself for you those are
the types of relationships this country was founded on incest grooming no back back in my time we called
it apprenticeship oh you've never apprenticed a young man who's your non biological son born by
a wife i never did that now wow i guess american values are what they used to be oh well i would have
given it a 10 but that's what i gave my apprentice boy oh my god case move away from the president
i'm not saving myself for you the plot of there will be bud blood there will be buds best buds
oh god uh the genre of horse that you requested is available right now let's move on uh horse
fart can someone do that to me do ghosts fart i'm not a ghost i'm a temporarily corporal historical
being oh i don't know if i can fart though so i'd love to find out i'll lay on the ground prone
with my belly exposed and i'll have my apprentice boy come push on it thought we moved on from that
that was strangely satisfying though just the idea of someone flipping a switch and
everything leaves you that cuts across time that's a universal desire relief uh yeah i agree how much
do you agree show me uh we got to watch videos actually i'm sorry mr president sorry i don't know
what this is let's find out they're being changed man thinks they constantly conquer nature but
have they truly that was beautiful who won the competition between man and duck the annual
duck vs man race is still going i didn't realize that was a tradition what what country do you live in
this country was founded on man boy man adult boy apprenticeships and duck racing
you weren't around at the funding of the country you're slightly too old for that too young i mean
but i studied history 9.36 i should make explanation point you meet me and jimmy do something to honor
their sacrifice more clips of me we can only have one clip of me a day that was courtesy of live in
sleazy let's close things out with another live in sleazy closing closing time how do you know that
song everybody knows that song in the great flattened afterlife that's neither heaven nor hell
uh that's where you're at that's where i'm at that's where i'm i moved in there recently
uh this is where live in sleazy let's see what we got
and i believe that was footage of the eric trump wedding i thought it was trump jr that got married
but no that's a random youth oh because i got invited but on account of being dead i couldn't rsvp
the youths the kids are probably fine america is good the only options there are that's naturally
what came out while he was drugged or he even he had the wherewithal even while on the knockout
gas to make content either way it's a little troubling let's see if there's a feel-good one
we can end on uh air we are hmm all right food makes everyone happy well we'll actually close
out on this one here we are making a air jordan's shoe burrito we start by lasering graving the
tortillas and constructing the shoe cheese will hold everything together nicely a cobbler i see perfect
glad to see this profession is still going strong i was afraid that i would stop wearing shoes very
good lace that bad boy up i'm unfamiliar with the shoes i'm only introducing the air jordan's shoe
burrito very well is that legal to put mexican fare inside of a boot in my day you were only allowed
to eat german cuisines from leather bound boots that was a rule that was a rule no you can make
food boots now all boots can be a food boot leather is a cow product when a boot runs out of
enough structure for you to still wear it you throw it into a soup am i supposed to be impressed
just because that man's doing the standard thing of using a food boot i guess times have changed i
guess they have these modern times are sometimes too much too much change too fast can be a bad
thing and i know that's coming from the man who both freed the slaves and invented six seven
that was me where'd your beard go you're not gonna ask me about the six seven thing
we gotta go we gotta move on don't explain it i don't need to know what reason rationale you're
gonna get it's good though i don't need to know i don't need to know that's right kids i'll be back
here every tuesday at six or seven it's already played out it's already the slang is already old
well that's fine because i am too but i'm the most appealing man to the youth so all time
not in a bad way in a good in a good way why are you trying to stop trying to appeal to the youth
i will never stop as an american president trying to appeal to the most youthful of the youths and
connect with them all right stop saying this what's wrong with saying that as a president stop
saying that mr president i just want the youths to like me stop saying that as a president why
that's a good thing for a president to want we're calling it i'm sending it to a thing what are you
trying to rate right now i hit the wrong button there's nothing to rate young man i'm sending it
to a different segment it's it's time to play games it's game time hey hi hello hi we're sorry
i ate 17 pounds of cheesy gordita crunch because i've been in a in a non-food period for a while
i hadn't eaten in a couple of weeks so i food maxed
ate 17 pounds of cheesy gordita crunches and they're backing up on me a little bit
but i don't know if they eat again for another two months i was just food maxing i learned that
recently anyway like music mom what randon safey joseph smith how dare you turn on the hall light
i didn't don't get distracted i'm actually scared that there could be a ghost in the hall
because i didn't do that i don't believe in ghosts but i did recently see
a documentary called uh the break room or something and honestly what i learned is
fucked up stuff can happen anywhere at any time mom what what hey branny there are some kind of fungus
crawling out of your door you okay last of us situation brand no that's the long john silvers
from last week it's sort of been growing out and i haven't had time to clean it up yet so if you
can clean that up for me i'd be good because i haven't had time i'm sort of getting like a welcome
mat to my room but it's long john silvers mold growing out of a out of a styrofoam well it's
a bag actually i don't put in styrofoam um the fuck is this
hey brand brand this guy case blackwell is a better gamer than you and has a talking dog
sounds pretty made up mom to my baby boy sounds pretty made up mom
um nobody's a better gamer than me case in point i'm gonna seamlessly set up this controller
right now easily there'll be no problem with it for sure um okay i just want to play maple
story anyway today we're playing maple story it's literally right here how many times i have to tell
you put your nasty crusty it's a keyboard game crunchy towels in the laundry i don't want to
slip on one of your slimy flaky towel rags anymore mom towels work better when they're crunchy
because they exfoliate your skin as they wick off the moisture it's like scrubbing your skin
with a scrub daddy and it's good for you so my skin is so smoothly oily to continue enjoying nexus
games you're required to update your information all right and you're not standing here in chains
then who is that mommy what i just need to play maple story mommy i don't have time for this she's
trying to freak me out she's literally trying to ruin my life and freak me out it's not gonna happen
oh my god what is up with this freaking thing resume maple story why is it hard to do this twizzler
youth placard brandon this is your activation you must kill president lincoln what isn't he dead
already enter text in this game you'll need an on-screen you need to open the on-screen keyboard
manually why look at this screen it's giving me like why i have a keyboard what the fuck oh my god
just work what mom what yes what god it's so hard to load games because my mom is always
acting like a recipe terrifying ghost it sucks she's lucky i don't move out
dude this game is fucking killing me why won't it load this is insane hey brandon why is there
only one sock out of each pair in your dirty laundry mom i literally don't even know what you're
talking about i'm trying to play maple story i need to focus i don't have time to explain my
sock setup to you okay it's complex and it's interesting but i don't have time this game
literally won't start i'm losing my mind i'm actually losing my mind did i oh oh what oh it's
just not full screen for some reason for some reason it loaded like this avoid the black
mages shadow over how do i make this not like this what there is a request for what region i'm
in too i have to look that up uh maple story join the scania server okay scan it is okay thank you
mommy that was actually useful unfortunately i can't make this full screen i don't know why
so we'll just put it here create a character sure this guy alt enter the full screen okay
there we go hey brandon um okay uh babies shouldn't have food
it's the why do they deserve it just because they're babies that's like stupid honestly
if you think about it like if they're so good why don't they get their own okay i mean that though
i do mean that like i've always said that that babies don't deserve food wild hunter bishop
ren bow master marksman no i don't even touch my ass mom that's weird i would never i haven't even
thought about my ass ever i literally never let water touch it like because that is i think
they it's like sus or whatever like that's straight up sus or whatever bishop ren bow master hero
hallowed and pathfinder shadow or dual blade oh nightwalker good i'm glad that's in here
erin what mom i don't know i'm a demon slayer like everybody's this this guy and i have the same
vibe oh make it explore okay where is that is it am i missing something i think some
eyes are glowing wait just stay away from me lady rick are you okay rick what there we go
half volume for this game okay yeah i don't see unemployed i do think that's usually a fun
class to play i've been playing it for a while um so it's a little frustrating that it's
not in here i don't see the explorer class i could just be blind to that i can't tell
mom don't fart into my door stop doing that okay i'm super cheat i would like to play an explorer
but i don't see it so i might just have to click on either kana or demon slayer
or cadena or blaster well look at this lady she's got a fucking gun that's insane i think i'll
be hurt because she's got a huge gloves online thing i don't know we almost got kidnapped by a 50 year
old man that one time yes i don't know what this is um one second everybody what's the name guys
it's important to do interactive content and so you get to set the name yourself
rick what what i have never seen someone cool beat minesweeper first try i could do that i've literally
done that a million times oh the options are genital slit crumbs kid plops a lot not hitler and
bleached not hitler they might not let me type that in which i've learned other times you guys
have seen like i just am a fan of history but a lot of these games don't like that type of name
oh the winner was trying to sell me some yellow milk should i invest we're gonna just change it to
not hit less to let people know that i'm a hit it's close it's close but it won't get me instantly
banned uh let's see if we can find my haircut i guess that's close enough um how come they don't
really allow for like a sickly pink i guess that's as close as it gets
i shouldn't have gone chasing waterfalls honey did you say you could try a new
rito is that a thing on their menu are they leaning into that aspect of their food that it
does that to you you gotta pay for cool hair fuck what about paying for a sick ass club
in the club yeah that's a reference i know black strong face um i don't think i'm allowed to do
brandon guess what's for dinner your mom invited me over for burrito sariba oh that sounds good brick
good for you i'll be a hazel prudent face i haven't heard the song club girl no my job is resistance by
the way name available okay good then confirm yeah i'm not hit less
select key findings just to follow this
what i think that's a burger king at mom did you fart again
god i just i can't even focus with you doing all this i gotta turn this down more
um to reach you what do i do
do there these matter start at level 30 but i'm actually completing the job story up to that
point you'll have the option to either skip the content i don't know poor it's not all about
the outfit it's about the loose skin under the shirt or whatever uh okay i'll skip i'm a multi-strike
master the hell is hell all of this i'm trying to get case to like me do you think this will work
just saying will this work i'm probably not am i ready to break some stuff or whatever um oh god
what do i what is this game uh-oh i legitimately don't have any idea what i'm supposed to be doing
um are you interested in battle mages the fighting magicians
hey brand brand what's up uh accept my friend requests nothing i'm okay oh shit i'm a little i
feel i'm gonna level with you i feel a little overwhelmed i don't really understand anything
i'm looking at except it's not that i'm a bad gamer and i am bad at reading context clues
i think it's illegal to talk to your son that way mom okay yes i'll take you
there right now oh shit i don't know what i agreed to okay so it's like point and click
what is this what does pie do but we all fam i just made that up that's my new cat
space that's honestly pretty good mom that's pretty good actually that's pretty good
um what the fuck am i supposed to be doing don't worry i'm going to help you out thanks
lily subritchie i do want to play the game with you but i don't really understand what
anything is or i also have so i like i'm been told i have like no patience apparently
yeah i that's a choice like having friends is literally a waste of time um what am i
right reina straight cats it's there uh oh okay little wants you to talk about the changes that
have been going cases the better gamer dude did i not do that oh i just wasn't talking to her okay
okay is that a done deal okay all the creatures of re and are working together now the penguins
the male moots the seals they used to fight all the time they put it aside their differences
that's lovely just proving those rumors of case blackwell being a better gamer than you
that's fine move me to reach you this might have to be a two-parter because
i think i'm going to be really bad at this and very slow and i'm extremely confused by every
aspect of this um i am a puton mightiest of the penguins i just level up how uh oh you stupid
fuck prick what are you being rude these furry people are the male moots they're not much we're
talking what me either so this is the first time reina straight yes have you gone sailing before
you will need a ship i accept give me one i guess just start cybering everyone until you get free
stuff okay why did i get experience from that what he's still got a thing over his head go get
lumber i guess starting routes how what i just noticed why does your mom sound like rosa is your
mom rosa uh no i don't think so get her adventure oh i'm supposed to click on him again i guess
oh wait no well what do these arrows do it said my move transit was in progress
you should play algebra the game next that's not good hey uh brandon for shorts on stream
we can see every thing how s out for brands over i can't i can see what i'm outputting though and
i'm it's my upper body in the head collect some lumber oh my god you can move how
how do you move you can like actually walk around i thought you literally could only stand still
like legitimately i thought that you could only stand still what are the fucking controls
settings how did i level up again oh someone else is leveling up i guess
i'd love to get to the level where i can walk that's the thing i'm definitely
oh i learned how to sit oh it's the arrow keys okay but it's point and click
i gotta change that okay how do i jump i thought it was gonna be wasd but i guess it's not
mom are you okay no i died i leveled up from dying oh i didn't die i'm trapped the
control is attack press back slash to bring up the keyboard settings
what it make you sad to know that i'm doing that when you're done working up a sweat i
slid some bunch take under the door for you i avoided most of the fungus um menu keybindings
alt is jump what okay there we go controls attack okay i'm getting it now i've leveled
up my ability to understand what's happening maybe possibly probably not okay yes it's your very
first voyage will achieve whatever if you're on the hunt for lumberals um i mean i'm not giving it
i'm not doing a good job showing it off so it's hard to say give me wood okay give it to me
oh you just got some oh i'm a farmer now i'm farming okay i did farming okay done
bring it back so we can already know darling i know i've heard it's big but i have my doubts
that it's that big i've never been there so is it even that big if i've never been there
what the hell are these things i got everything i need let me go back portal me allow me to portal
how do i interact with things i'm jealous of this guy's ability to portal yes portal is all
delete okay i leveled up from collecting all that lumber certainly level 33 might be kind of low
given the amount of levels i'm gaining from doing incredibly basic things if you can hear a girl
laughing in the background it's just me and kindle laughing at your game playing i'm trying to learn
okay sabreet uh it's only fancy it's been a mod for two years congratulations uh fancy as a celebration
i can vip you but we just learned that will also unmod you so okay it's fine don't give up
starting route story first mate are you ready yeah i'm ready i want to do this
i believe in myself now we're celebrating you fancy it's a celebration
okay go to the go up here do you want me to anchor up near the ice station you better believe it
except your trade whoever been from home is when you join that sorry sorry for a week i miss that
week buddy okay what do you do i'm the don't be the only sardine out of the school that's
what i say hey put on wait why is my name put on i thought my name was not hitless i leveled up from that
what did i do i accept you i accept you flaws and all thanks big tuna starting route okay into the
ocean i go no that was wrong somehow oh shit i've arrived at my destination oh god die no they're invincible
oh my god what am i supposed to do here this seems like probably not that we hit the wrong button
this seems like probably not the right way to fight they're fucking invincible yeah it's our secret
mod fancy um fancy do you happen to be good at whatever this is final fantasy farmville or something
um because i am getting my fucking shit rock by these invincible creatures i also don't get how
i climb anything i don't understand any of the controls it feels like this can't be the way it
wants you to do this right i beat one give me this stuff give me this stuff come on i don't
know how to pick anything up no i left oh god i got destroyed what was i supposed to be doing
give me this give me this give me this oh god do i click on it i've never been more confused
by something that is clearly designed to be understood by anyone um i'm maple storing
i'm the real struggle is learning what button does anything go home enhance equipment trace rest
though maple chat combo oh npc slash gather i was hitting space why wasn't i gathering
you need to open the skills menu adding skill points to them assign make the keys also put on
gear you probably got when you skip the tutorial i see i skipped the tutorial did you skip it if
you didn't even know that you were skipping it though quick you're balls of here it's pretty
crazy to say mom i see nothing i don't have anything i have no worldly possessions i have
a chair and i can do this and sit i can go from laying flat on my face to sitting do you have
the ability to change the game via bot no only via channel points and only ones per stream
so i'm stuck like this i'm stuck in this world um oh that's where that's the map of the world
okay i think this is all i have don't have a pet i essentially suck ass the thing about this world
is that i'm fucking pathetic in it and even when i kill something i can't pick up what it gives me
yes now i'm losing pretty hard i i must what's this this is new maybe this is good
yeah absolutely you can send me a message row row row row a hem row row row row
there's something in your pocket you're not sure what it is but it's making a lot of noise
you reach into your pocket retrieve the mysterious object
you have a suffocating my pockets are sticky where did you come from and i'm a half robot
half supercomputer i'm familiar fancy dropping the real celebration of five subs passed out
i'm about to pass out because of the intense gameplay and the two expert years of modding
offered by fancy thank you so much we do appreciate it as soon as this cat tells me how to play this
game i'm gonna reward these subs by doing this game so good who the fuck is this guy mysterious man
i'm the chosen one fuck i don't want to do that brick no i can't do it it already happened uh i'm a
humble researcher you're the chosen one hold up what i'm like familiars okay anyway here's a proposal
sure i'd like to offer you a deal great what do you say i agree i don't know what the deal is
i didn't pay attention i knew you would like what i would explain that you skipped uh-oh i skipped it too
hard i might have skipped it too hard you can't have them like that mom you're not understand
you're combining words they're different fuck okay shit i gotta quit streaming cases in a
themed dungeon i'm too high level four so i can't even go in there i'm so fucking weak
that this dungeon is destroying me wait i'll leave i'll leave so that i can at least say hi to you
before i honestly have to play a collecting wood type trap
we don't i'm not doing that i'm playing there's too many musics happening
silence this train's racket i'm in the middle playing maple story we don't have time for trains
or we do boats here whoa 100 bars yes oh oh shit that's a shitload of parts
what the hell that's too many bars it's a hundred of them this is fucking crazy
um brand what we're a coat out there in the freezing cold are you stupid yeah i don't
bomb that's that's a myth cockroach is a myth i gotta go say hi to sabrichi because um
anyway thank you also thank you for the subs and what man you suck at this
i can't even rap over this beat how am i supposed to think in these subs this beat is more like
jaunty travel music it's because i'm playing a game i don't play games oh hell yeah me too
giggle trash thank you for the hundred bits bundle sprout thank you for the hundred bits sky
where they give us 300 bits i'm honestly this is me trying to sing over this but i just don't
understand this music it's travel music i'm playing a game uh for maple story and then
halos he told me that i couldn't be president anymore oh that was the president said that the
president said that i didn't need those hundred parts well i didn't i guess case does case is going
to put a hundred temporary bart tattoos on himself speaking of we need to make a thread for that
actually i'm literally in the middle of something can ever stop and distract me i miss when you visited
me off oh hell yeah good to see you dude man i wish i could go to you and that big mac guy and
the old guy and the ninja guy i miss those guys what i miss all the guys that brick hangs out with
mac guy ninja guy some old guy that guy who checks your memory card and tells you stuff that you
played i miss all those guys psi op mantis psycho mantis no brick hangs out with psi op mantis
i'm gonna make a thread and it's called hundred barts i'm one of the barts so 99
uh post any temporary bart tattoos that either exist or that you want custom ordered
so this is a thread that i was told i had to make by case if you want you can go into the cream
team discord and go to the hundred barts thread and post any temporary bart tattoos
with spelled with three os for some reason that either exist or that you want custom ordered
so if you have any thoughts on that brick what i'm explaining so much train you don't talk enough
anymore yo what's up man i know i know how it is sometimes i'm being silenced by the deep state
we're like 100 farts 100 wrapping parts oh it could be 100 wrapping parts too
if you want that more we can do that instead but it's supposed to be putting on 100 part
simpson tattoos at once um i'll look my new goal is just to find sabrichi that's the only thing
that we want to do there's sabrichi oh my god look how fucking decked out sabrichi is what the hell
she has a little tree she can sit with she's got a magical bird
i literally just have this fucking club she's got a mushroom on her head oh my god
i'm being shown up so hard well can you do this sabrichi boom planks plank plank plank plank
yeah that's what i thought like not to brag but i can do this boom i have a really shitty chair
except the trade request i'm sorry you can't drop items and mess us trade with other players
or do cash gifting oh the hype train died either because this is a new encounter because you
purchased a restricted item um the game said i i'm being bad and that i'm not allowed
sabrichi i'm literally bowing down to you because it's fucking hopeless for me
i can't even beat the freaking starting area bison they were rocking my ass i'm at half life
and not the one that people want other to be another one of oh i can get low and poke poke people
fancy rancid changed name or something who the fuck is it's only fancy
look sabrichi i will play this game again and i'll do better but unfortunately i have to eat
so i have to go but i'm very impressed by your vastly superior character
i can't what the hell is happening there you summoned fucking
some sort of demon instantly yeah they're kitted out but i mean i do have a i do have a club
so there's that all right the important thing is we made a lot of progress
we made a ton of progress um maple story thank you for showing off your epic characters sabrichi
it showed us what we could achieve through diligence which is important to learn
it's a lesson that we all continuously learn exit game i have to exit the game i'm sorry
exit the game how do i actually exit the game okay i think i exited the game
we can only hope that we exited the game all right we'll try some that someday soon ish
we'll try to do better sabrichi it was only confusing because i'm so used to um
advanced fortnite menus it's a thing i only i used i used custom advanced fortnite menus and
it's throwing me off otherwise i wouldn't navigate it perfectly if you had made an
explorer class character i couldn't find it i tried but i also might have read past it six times in a
row but nobody checked the vod to prove that it is not a good use of your time to do that
yeah it was case as well he was texting me during that like was confusing
jet would have completed the game he probably already has i mean but i'm not claiming to be jet
like i'd be responsible if i didn't want to claim to be jet it's like i'm not gonna claim to be the
pope you know all right let's see i think jean is on she's returned from china honestly i'm not sure
why you would apparently if you can stay that's like a good idea according to casey sheet you should
just try to become a chinese citizen that seems to be the current meta but um some of us are actually
still patriots so good for jean for coming back i hope she had a lovely time but honestly ask her
if it really is that big because i i think the jury is still out on if china is like actually big
like what if it's not mom what i'm afraid mama gonna raid something fierce how did you bang on my door
then wait how did you bang on my door then that's probably nothing mom what that's fine mom even
though i'm a streamer and you could watch me i know you watch jean instead even though i'm your
beautiful son all right look i gotta go enough everyone your move i want to congratulate you on
another beautiful stream what the hell's wrong with your hair i've grown up my hair in solidarity with
the youth of today and in solidarity with all of you i too will rage in a darling like fort
ticonderoga on a cool afternoon sir president stop it i'm being haunted by my own mom i'm confused
everything on this stream that's fair anyway i gotta go goodbye forever thank you for the support
i need to go exercise my mom and not in the way where we do mutual stretches because our all of
our joints view