We're live and ten nine eight seven six five four three two one
Yeah, we're live, baby and you're live with me case black. Well, hello
Good to see everyone destructive one greener stamp propaganda Greg T you reverie wolf live and sleazy commander gab propaganda junk dog
Gearless Joe
No, man. Good to see everyone a mere great to see you propaganda
Jive Sturkey. I'm gonna say that name in a bit or ever
Matt Lidell uncle Phil John Michael. I love it
Good to see everyone. Thank you for the bits. Are we already getting some hot?
Bit and sub action. I'll hype train already
We're kicking it to the streets. Okay, well, we'll do a story and then we'll get to that microphone
Thank you for the 750 bits. Daggett. Thanks for the hundred
You know, it's been a while since I just checked in with the dang hype train
Pepito, do you happen to have the hype train ready to go?
I don't know what that is. How do you not? We do it all the time. I don't
Good to see everybody on Pepito. I'm a dog. I'm the producer. I've been told of this show
I don't know what a producer is because I'm a dog
And I don't get what the words on the screen are but I do love you because I'm a dog
I'm feeling his dog also to be clear. We know you better know I done told you
I done told you case
Okay
There's a message
From him on discord cream clips a
Message from trip what's going on? Let's check it out the cream clips
Mmm a message for trip bads brad scene from
Horus copes. Oh my god. What could this even mean?
Let's listen here my main. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. I got a full
screen this I need to see what's going on here exactly
I'm a easy beat is trip being called out is trip under a threat. We I better find out immediately
Listen here my main man the vapor space streets
I tell you things are weirder than a three-eyed hound singing Johnny Cash while skydiving but you know
That's just how we roll in the cosmic vastness and Rob Elvie shout out to him with a hearty hello
From the depths of the intergalactic cowboy's heart you tell him Horus and the cosmic drifter currently getting pimped out by the dream key boys
Are keeping the good vibes rolling in the strange tails flowing now as for you trippy
If you're looking to keep a finger on the pulse of vapor space, here's your fortune
Keep your eyes wide your heart open and your hitchhiker's thumb ready because the journey ahead is gonna be more
Twisty than Willie Nelson's braids on a breezy day. Remember in vapor space
The weirder you get the straighter the path. Yeah
Shit
Oh
My god, I never knew I
Didn't know Horus was in vapor space for real
Horus has called out. I guess that's our top story. Horus has called out
trip
To keep it weird
Like it's frickin Austin, Texas
Well, I'm glad that thank you for the message Horus. I really got to set up some sort of message
response
aspect to this stream
That hit pretty hard. He's got some powerful verbiage there
Trip knows he's weird for sure. I don't know if trip to trip what even is
Weird at this point
It's hard to say
Is that hype train still going or is it complete the hype train is still going?
Keep it normal here and check in with a hype train who we haven't checked in with a while. Thanks again to Horus for that
beautiful
Those beautiful words I sincerely appreciate it. Let's see how the hype train's doing I guess
I've trained. How have you been? It's been a while
I
Have a why
I'm from cypher space
I'm actually from cypher space
Not a lot of people know that cypher space. Yeah, it's a realm of pure cypher
That's classic that's some classic hype train right there
Thank you. What are you doing to my voice? I train I'm fucking your voice up daddy
Well, thanks. It's good to see you. I hope you're doing
I was getting hyped up to my train
As this mimicking you cuz you got hyping me up
Thank you for your parents
This is a good way to start the street. I yeah, I say that every time
Thank you
Thanks so much, that's great job
You're trying to kill you with the one bit and I'm in support and those one bits are going kind of crazy
Okay, I do appreciate every little bit counts, maybe we don't have to call it every one bit
Oh my god tamtra rolling with a five
We've crushed this Gibbon show tunes. I don't even know what that means exactly
Oh
Thanks, Brian Westwood for the one bit you call me that I didn't realize it was one
You're still alive. I've trained. I'm there. I've got hype for days tamtra and drop the five
Community subs and now there's no stopping me play me something sexy
Oh
I
Calm down a little bit hype train. Why I'm literally the hype train. Why would you call me down? I?
Don't know. I just I think you're you achieved level three and I think you're out of juice. I
Just said fuck you. Oh
But we didn't beep at the second time
Due to the crowd hype train yo bring my music back
Now you're hyped about just people chatting
You can't just endlessly rhyme chat and back
You have a minute 45
Why is it in the back there's no back to the chat
Oh
Those were subs for the chat in the back by chance in the back
Those were subs is fine subs. Thank you so much, Brian Westwood. I'm fucking chance right in the back
And not everything's a chat
Oh
You find a new rhyme and that's excited
But Peter
Fucking hype train what but Peter don't play another track
I
Thank you microphone 900 for the hundred bits sincerely appreciate
Are you really gonna change it up high train
This is the same same track
It's a different track, but it's the same
The chat was in the fucking back right on the track and drop the chance
That's on the back in the tracks drop it a bit on the track. It's one bit
Can't you love with me that love it meant a lot to me
Crazy for that with the chat in the back
I train is zero for powering my train
I can do at least bring up a different song
Five more minutes
Did you ever know a place that a check could go it's a whole different mold and you know
Where the chest go it ain't the front
It's the motherfucking back to the chat was the glock roll the chat blast off
The back
Of course, I knew that you said it a thousand fucking time
We're talking about the chat in the back also though
Encouraging him
There's too much it's just so repetitive if anyone tuned in right now, they'd have to be turned off
Uncle Phil 2k, thank you so much for the hundred bits greener Sam card King some breechy
Jeslin and entity everybody dropping all these jesslin dropping five community subs
Do you know you know where they drop those sums the back? No, well, yes
Yeah, I know that
That's beautiful. Is it's it's two more minutes two more minutes find us another track. Oh
My god, yeah, yeah, yeah, I like this track
What's the high trade think of it? I guess then
Again, it's a sub drop the chance in the back
For the king of the back
This king of bacon. He also poor Kendall's over here in the corner trying to play a game
While you're doing the same train
God damn it, I guess candle does like it
Just like the technically behind me. That's accurate. She's fucking pop it up in the back popping off like a confirmant
Kettle how you how it can only thoughts on where the chat is
If you had to put up a direction or a place to the chat, where would you say it is?
Well
The hype train says the chats in the back
See that would make more sense. I've trained Kendall doesn't even know you're talking about
Where is it?
So much love for the hype train why you guys empower him so much
I don't know
Mastercard king. Thank you both for the hundred bits
Take a bacon for the hundred bits
How you think that shit
That must mean
Everything's so expensive. Oh Kendall's gonna buy it. It's trying to buy a game also
Just get any game honestly in honor of all these stuff by whatever
By coaching
Oh, wow, it's all like the hype train right now we got some suggestions coming in for Kendall pale world
Sexy train. I don't think that's a game
There's so many subs coming in that it's confusing
I can't even handle it
And
Thank you so much Jeslyn for the five community subs and to daddy for the five community subs
And before that I think there were 10 community subs
Wait from Brian Westwood
Keep the subs going
Okay
No, I'm at level 10. Oh my god, I got three
Left
This is gonna be the whole stream at this rate
Okay
They want to see you die case
Why are we in trouble because
You're back on that I've never left the chat was always in the back
Yeah, I've seen you in the back the whole time. Just know I never
Streams mine
I train you have a minute left. No, I'm in I'm gonna be fine after that. There's no way I'm gonna gas out after a minute
Well, congratulations to chat if you weren't subbed you must be now
What
I
Train your auto-tuning is driving me crazy
Oh my god
Man
Send me straight there. I don't even cut back the case
Send me straight to fucking DJ
That's fine by me is DJ music still about on the roof the whole time
This fucking psycho is going off real hard in the chat and get my fucking
Swimmy has visuals
I'm ready to fucking fly, baby
It's unreal what you've been doing and welcome into the stage
From parts unknown
It's the fucking it's the train. I'm fucking
Wow, you're so much smaller than I thought you'd be
Time soon
Stop it looks like you got two minutes left to live
Let me hit you with a new track
Let's see what else you like
Okay, how's this?
You like a little a little 80s action with your insane yelling hype train
Community subs, that's a crazy amount of that's crazy
True blue 91ers, thank you so much for the community sub or at level 11 about to beat your last record
Keep up the support. I'm DJ music and I love obviously I love that it's all of you're on the roof
Yeah
You're not a steam I'm trying you're not you're not so much singing anymore shouting
That might be the case, I mean I can't deny that that could be exactly what the people are here for
And
Shocker with the one
Dad leprechaun with the 12 months. That's crazy
91ers give it up some propaganda give it up the far
Say it's with a hundred bits
That's crazy. All right. Well look hype train. You must be almost out of juice. Let's just
What's that
Another girl
I
Train this is the best track we've ever had on DJ music, baby
Wow what they have they kissed that's why that's wild kind of summer thing
In the town
What's that good? I got it you and I kissed someone right behind you. I've trained
Inspired me to kiss
That's how powerful your music your music is inspiring love
What happens when people start stop being polite and they start being two girls
On the town at night you fall
Aren't hiding from love anymore
Well, you made it happen we got a sub coming in from dad get on Twitch and he
With another gifted sub to not case his brother. He's been forcibly
Forced into the news into its service
He now works for the news because of that sub and Skymer with yet another son
Yep
The girls were named girl and town that's crazy
Midnight
When they kissed and all the fireworks the fireworks that weren't on fireworks literally
Here's the power of song the fireworks were in there
Isn't that beautiful that's so beautiful man, that's all love in the town
My god my god everybody you did it
That's a crazy about a hype to start off this beautiful stream on the roof that we do
DJ music
Blasting off at you early in the stream and you know that it's all love, but um
Well shit, I guess you just fucking did it you saw over that hype baby
You know we lived it, but I think that that's probably enough hi for now
So let's send it back and do a little news somehow
Alright great work everybody. Let's kick it back the case. I didn't even I mean
I didn't even know I was gonna be on the roof this early. That was an insane amount of subs
Just in case we missed any at the end there dag it on twitch entity skymer and
Starts on bringing us to a level 12 hype train the hype train straight up passed out and sunk back to hell
Thank God cuz it I could sense that it's insatiable thirst would soon be turned to me
And I would know how to handle that cuz frankly for me
It's all love and I love each and every one of you. Thank you for that crazy amount of support
Let's send it back to case. Oh my god. Oh
My oh my god, maybe too much. Maybe too much hype
Oh
I forgot what happened. You already forgot. I'm a dog. I don't have a long memory
But I buy but I love all this support it which I'm assuming I'm getting but I have no memory
Thank you all again. That's wild about the subs. I think we got a hundred subs
From whatever though, I have to thank the hype train. I
Get mad at him cuz he takes over the whole stream, but I can't deny that he does bring the hype
He brought it. He brought the hype severely and
I don't need to never go but now you have to do Peter Gibbons show to give in show teams
Oh my god, I don't entirely know what that means. Well, I'll tell you what it means case
It means you're not
Done hearing people sing cuz I'll be hitting you up with a little show tune after every segment
That's what that means. That's what I
Decided in advance that that's what it means. Oh you decided you didn't just think of that. Yep
Get ready for it after every
Little segment you do today a beautiful show tune for me Peter Gibbons
Okay, well it stinks in the walls by the way could I've noticed the smell now
Are you noticed so could you maybe clean up your wall living space?
Well, it's hard to get cleaning production to the wall. How do you get in the wall though?
Well, that sounds like a question that maybe could that maybe could
Only be answered through the power of song
Let's go no no you said after every segment
You hate joy. I I just hate you
Take it back. You know you like me
Take it back case. Okay. Well anyway, I'll be back after whatever you cover
We let's can we cover something important good after all this the this is a news show
So let's talk about a story that matters
Pino did you need to pick that story?
He said you want to do news and that was on your well. It's what you said
You know chronos, okay
We demand dicks
We could we do the the the Drake dick news. What's the news about Drake's dick? Sure?
I'll adjust this for you really quick
Drake's
Drake's dick
How's that a sense about right actually great? Okay?
Drake's dick. Let's talk about it. I
Don't know how this is news. I don't know what this means exactly. Oh
Kendall's gonna buy stray
Yeah, it's great. I watch someone play it one night a little bit. I think you'd like stray
What game
Detroit become human. I've never heard of that
Not a gamer
What okay chat should Kendall by Detroit become human and go chaotic or
Stray I think you're more likely to like stray or watch dogs to stray
I'm seeing more strays and shit watch dogs to yeah entity says both you can buy both you can go crazy
You can
Strays less RPG but immersive
What are you more in the mood for?
I think you would really like stray because you love cats. Well, I played
Parts of stray. Oh, she's played parts of but I've also played all
Detroit if you want a story stray if you like cats the second part is more true
I think for Kendall so I feel like you should go straight. Is there a game like Detroit become human?
I don't know enough about Detroit become human
Anyway, Drake's penis is fucking fake
That's my theory. Oh, you're talking about I was about to it's fucking fake, bro
I
Guess I can't show it to chat those things whole video has insecure man vibes to me
Okay, let's see if we can find Drake's penis really quick. I'm not gonna show you like how you're gonna show it
Where can I there's a reddit post
Go to Twitter. Yeah, it's all over
Okay, Twitter
You got to go past the porn
Find a search Drake. Yeah, search Drake
I'm not seeing it. I'm not seeing the dick
Think it's in the replies to this
Kendall's trying to hook me up right now with Drake's penis
Well, yeah, I mean it's gonna recommend me because it knows that I mean oh
She found it so fast
Okay, oh wait, huh people are losing their mind for this
He's doing he's okay, there's a cut it does not look small so good good for him, I guess
It's just playing on loop right now. It's a lot of dick loop going on right now
Uh
Everybody in the replies to this Drake dick thread is asking how to find and the first reply is Drake's dick, so
Case is like I have bigger. I'm not saying that at all. I it's a very big penis
I just mean he's he's if I could show it to you I could explain. Oh my god. There's audio
Let's hear this audio real quick
Well, he doesn't say anything doesn't
Oh, let's find out
It sounds like you recorded this in a bus
Okay, so a couple classic pro propenus video tips. He's grabbing it super low
Like he's practically grabbing his balls, which does make it look a lot bigger
However, I think even with that it looks it looks pretty sizable
Kendall sir for some reason thinks it's fake
This seems like a about what I would expect from Drake's penis pretty big
You know maybe and him like really relaxed looks like he's really taken a load off
So I'd say good for him. He's also in he's really got the legs
Splayed out. He's practically
Meditating with his legs like this
Free second. Yeah, the audio is jet. It's like he set up his phone next to an ac unit
He's Canadian so his dick is measured in metric. That's a good point
so
Is 20 centimeters even that big?
probably
He's he's kind of a place to a blanket to like cover the taint
Which furthers my theory that it's fake
His balls look kind of small
His balls
But but there's if he if it's fake then he's he's a master of faking his penis
The quality is weirdly bad
So fake but that my theory on the quality being that
It's like this guys masturbating is just always a little funny like this
Wait, I did see another thing drake
Balloon
Can I find this?
Um, there's I saw a video of I don't know if I can find it
Someone recreated drake doing his penis video and it's a video I can show you
But I might not be able to find it, but I think it was pretty accurate
You're spoiling it you said it out loud. No
Also, you're spoiling balloon. Oh, that's my problem. I forgot it has two L's in balloon
Uh, I can't find it
Okay, well, that's that's not I'm just wasting your time. Okay. Anyway
You can find it very easily if you just search drake on x if you want if you're curious about drake's penis
um
But anyway, it looks it looks you know, it looks like he's working with some stuff
So I guess good for drake. He really needed the win
He needed even he needed even more things about him to be
celebrated
We have a friend that lost their penis at walmart
Which aisle is it in? Let's go get it
Uh, anyway, also propaganda says to get stray. So that's that's the final word
From propaganda I feel like that's a little too slow for me at right at the current moment
Oh, you want to play more action packed game, but like not too action packed
I almost got on packing again
But that's like a two hour game. I don't know
Just get
Stray my heart tells me that you that you want stray
I don't know
I don't know either
I don't know what to tell you
Ashes beyond two souls, but I also played that
Beyond two souls. Yeah
We can play that together. Okay. We played uh kennel and I played the other day
Oh my god, dude, that's all my personal. Oh my god, this website is killing me
Oh my gosh. Yeah, lady citrix has get me a real kitty. Get you a real cat? Yeah, we were planning to once we move
So it'll happen. Don't worry
Whoa, it's too small
Drake's going viral over we already covered this, but let's see what the news has to say about it
This is courtesy of madame noir
Uh, he's going viral after a leak video that allegedly shows that canadian entertainers penis. Basically is what she's saying
Singing a monster. She's saying it's big because it kind of does look pretty big
Um
Well, here's the thing I I'm it does look sizable
I just mean it's from an angle where I think it's it's probably more intimidating looking that it might actually be
Drake really got all the money hosed light skin drippy and big dick. Not fair says black excellence
Oh god, okay. I was scared to scroll down
Okay, now it's children replying
Can I find the balloon video in here? That's what I really want
Because then I can show you the basically an accurate recreation of drake's penis
Damn it. I can't find it. How's it not in any of these important news stories?
Oh near automata you could play that kindle near automata you could play that
You could
No, let's check in with chat chat usually has more to say about dicks than I do. Um, so
Oh, automata it's not automata sounds more elegant to me
And it's about a sexy girl in a maid outfit who's actually a robot from what I know. I actually have
$70 worth of hitmen
Just we're fine. Just buy it literally any game you want. I don't care if it's like $200
Anyway, here's chat
Get it together case. You're not focused today. There's too many things going on. What do you mean?
It's fucking simple drake's penis is out. It's big everybody likes it and it's a win
That's the story
That's the story. Yeah, everybody's fucking celebrating. It's like when osama bin laden got fucking domed by the navy seal
Some stories are just feel good. That's your example
Probably top news stories in the last 15 years
Osama bin laden getting domed
drake's dick being nice
Already nominated for a grammy. I think it should be car king like let's be real
If the dick's good that that like improves the quality of the music
Because now when you hear the music you hear the penis and a lot, you know most artists sing from their penis
And the reason drake's like such a hit machine is that he's a literal like hitting the back walls machine if you know what I mean
I mean again good for him
Um, I don't know if I I just don't know if I care that that much that he's got a
A big dick. He's already he's already got enough
So, I mean, I'm honestly not surprised just more more more double use for drake winning and winning winning
Now you're fucking getting it and we're winning
Living vicariously not me because my dick is possibly even better, but I'm one of the few
Uh, not me but you people like you case can live vicariously through drake
I do wonder though why all those women ain't calling him back. What do you mean?
Well, the dick clearly is fucking good. So like why ain't you calling me?
Can you auto tune me like you was doing earlier? Why ain't you calling me? You know that kind of thing?
Yes, yeah, why ain't they calling him back like come on
And also why aren't they in his area code or whatever or they moved or something and like they lost touch
It's fucked up because like clearly he's he's like a six. He's a six tool player
More like a more like a 10 inch more 10 tool player 10 inches of tool. I get it shot
Also, I don't know isn't it is I wonder how would you how would you feel if a video like this got leaked?
I'll leak it myself, dude
I'll fucking lay back a lay back in the fucking in the fucking bed mirror at the end of the bed fucking
Stromboli like I'm fucking making my own noodles for expensive ass spaghetti
That's how you describe it drake's fucking making noodles in the bed. Boom
He's fucking ready to go down to the fucking public pool play with that fucking noodle
Lay back in the fucking arm chair
You know what I mean, I don't
I mean, I know what you mean
I guess my point is there's not much to talk about here. Is there is a drake's penis this there's a lot
To talk about clearly and that's why you're not getting this
I think we've already I mean we've run every segment into the ground today, but
I mean what else is there to say?
I mean, what does this mean for the economies of various
Like taylor swift she affects local economies when they
When she comes into town and now drake's gonna have the same effect though
Because this dick's bigger. Yeah, exactly now when he comes into town, everybody's gonna be like
I gotta everybody's gonna be buying condoms. Everybody's gonna buy lube just in case
everybody's gonna be like
Everybody's gonna be like, um
Like what I don't know like
Like making signs to put out front of their houses. It says like drake. Welcome come on in
I don't think that a big dick is that exciting chat and that's because you just don't know
You don't know how it feels to have a have a fucking solid hog
Whose team is drake's dick supporting in the super bowl? Um
The oakland raiders. I don't even think they're in the super bowl this year, but
Wait who's in the super bowl this year?
I should probably know this
Uh, the set the 49ers and the chiefs. Yeah, but he's supporting the raiders. If you have a big dick, you have no choice
I had to support them for years even though i'm from texas
I'm not impressed because i'm packing more. I'm not saying that at all again
I'm not saying the the penis clearly looks looks formidable
I just I don't know would you want this? I feel like it's kind of a I don't know
weren't we kind of upset me a little sad for female celebrities when they
Nudes get leaked. It's different and you know it's different
Why is it different check because ladies have beautiful
Parts that must be kept secret whereas guys parts are just funny
They're either funny or impressive and drake's fortunately is both because it's like a floppy fucking noodle and it's big
And there's nothing funnier or sexier than a big dick. So it's just a win
But it's a violation of his of his what fucking right for to everybody to be fucking blown away
I don't know like jennifer lorence seemed kind of sad when her nudes got leaked. Maybe drake feels maybe we shouldn't even be talking about it
Maybe we're all playing in the unhealthy gross violations of privacy
The only thing gross
Is other dicks that ain't as good as his
Started from the bottom
Now i'm still fucking walking because the dick's that big
Started at the balls still working my hand up
That's that doesn't fit the metric of the song at all started from the balls still working my hand up
Case that sounds dangerously like equality. I mean honestly, I I am in favor of
We shouldn't be shaming female celebrities for
Their nudes being leaked. It is slightly odd that people are like so fucking pumped for drakes
But every time a female celebrities nudes get leaked. It's sort of like she's been assassinated
Exactly been fucking going woke and you been fucking ruining our fun for too long
And that's why I think it's time that I take over the network permanently
I I don't actually care that much about celebrity nudes. I just do you know, it is it can't help but notice the difference
I helped and I didn't notice I didn't think about it for two seconds
And that's why I'm fucking pumped
Me and drake are probably gonna be boys now big dick club big dick club
Don't fucking do my handle. It's big dick club big dick players. We got a club. He's probably in it now
He's finally gets his approval and I'll see him there come on down to the big dick club
Where we discuss our hashtag big dick problems and drake let us know like
Your struggles dude. It's not all it's not all wins when you have one
It's a win to see one but as a man, obviously, you know, you got to deal with everybody wanted to fuck you
You got to deal with like needing a side needing like a size of pants bigger
but not in the waist in the hips
Because and then you just want one leg bigger so you can trail the hog down it and it obviously most toilets
Are basically like a bath for the tip of your penis and and nobody wants that
I mean, I can't sit down on your I need a toilet seat that's about a foot higher than your average man
Or basically, um, I'm fucking taking my shit to the anti car wash if you know what I mean
All right. Well, we talked about this for way too long already. So, um, thank you
Joe, and I'm not done. You have to be I got 30 more. I got a tight 30 on this
You see Aiden Ross reacted that shit
Um, you're just seeing that on twitter
No, I saw I made sure to tune in to see Aiden react to that
I don't care to watch it. He his reaction that was fucking you wouldn't believe it. He's like, whoa
All right. Thanks, Joe. And thank you
I'll never let a story slip through the cracks
But my dick is so fucking big from the front to the back
That it could slip into my own crack. I could easily tuck at any time because of my penis size
Size I was trying to round but I lost it
anyway, um, that's for the news was of drakes penis he's and, um
And we calling him back at any time he wants because the sack was small but the shaft was tall and that's all
I
Was
I'm
Oh, I'm shit
Sorry everyone. It's a you know, I haven't been streaming that much lately. So the news is just in a weird it's in a weird spot today the news is
Not all the news can be
Good
That was I thought that was great. You liked that. I like talking about
Shapes
Oh, you like shapes. Yeah sizes are a thing that I comprehend
Visually, so I don't really get what a penis is but I do like talking about things being big or small
That's nice, but pita. Yeah
That's can conquer his son. Okay. It's okay. Are you coming for are you coming for that acronym?
um, no
What does otk stand for?
Over time killers. Oh my god. I don't think it stands for I have no idea what it stands for
Also would overtime be one word. I don't know because I'm a dog
Oh, yeah
One true king one true king is what it stands for. Oh my god. All of them are royalty
I mean, I know a lot of people have problems with royalty, but
um
What's the matter? Kendall's upset. What's wrong?
You still haven't picked a game
Kendall still hasn't picked a game
I just I you can get one and even if you don't play it. It's fine
Just get you a different one. I don't know. See $60 is it's not nothing
But because every time I go to eat it costs like $80 now. I'm like
Just get a game
Everything's expensive
Baldur's gate lose your life
They don't have the first watchdog
You need the first one
You have to start from the from the top
I have game pass actually. I I do have game. Oh, but I have it for
Xbox I don't even know I got it to play
Games on my computer. I don't know. Um
I'll tell
What the hell?
What?
Are you wearing my face? No, I look like me
Okay
Anyway, I need to sing a show. You got to sing a show tune about drake's dick
I've already been streaming somehow for like an hour over an hour
This is gonna be all the stream is drake's penis and a hype train. Yeah
So that's what everybody likes. Everybody's happy about it. Oh
So so play me a fucking trick daddy can everyone stop calling me daddy at least I never signed off on being called daddy
Oh, I think you did
I think functionally everything I say you signed off on
Danny fine. If you'll stop calling me daddy for a minute. Um, what do you want?
Oh
Okay, or we're I guess we're getting a heartfelt about drake's penis
You didn't clarify what type of song you want. I'm happy to I'm happy to sing about this
Um
Resting your chef
Weaving the noodle back and back
And there we see the chef
The deck is large and we
Like that
Little angel sing to me
Show me your penis. I like to see
The angel's penis
From the cloud
Anyway, that's a that's a gibbon original
Oh, it wasn't supposed to be show tunes. You're the one who played the fucking song case
Also, you called it little well, it's a little it's a little for an angel, but it's big for a penis
I mean if an angel was 12 inches tall you called a little angel
I guess a foot tall angel would be pretty small exactly
Huge penis little angel. I'll try to find you a more show tunie song for the next one
We have to move on we have to kick it to the streets. Oh, then I can sing about the streets
Actually just to hold well. Well, let's just go to the streets
I'm gonna say let's maybe do a normal story
But at this point why why even why even pretend that uh
I'm talking about anything
Right talk. We're talking about everything. Okay. Fair enough. Let's kick it in the streets
Of any any subject we've discussed today or any news at all feel free to throw your opinion in chat
You know how it works trip. Well, he'll find your opinion on the streets
Kendall is staring at me. She's got an opinion and that opinion is
I would play Detroit becomes human
One of america's greatest cities
Going through tough times for the last 50 or so years
But I think it's on the I think it's gonna I think it's on a comeback get it get to I want to see Detroit become a human
No, I'll watch you play it. I'll be done streaming in like an hour
You could play the dlc of spider-man
Um kicking for an hour
I didn't even know you were doing it. Just get straight play an hour of stray. I've seen the beginning of stray
I've never seen the end
Detroit I'll catch up
I'll catch up. I swear. I'll catch up
Oh
Do you want it? Do you want to take over the stream and I'll just find you a game?
I was going to take strong decisive action, but I've been denied
Get shredder's revenge
The kingdom come
She's looking for a free game. You can just buy a game
There's no game on here. That's too expensive for you to buy. I swear
I
Play smite play smite for an hour. It's like doda, but first person
She hates doda play fortnight play fortnight for an hour
She says on console
What am I a barbarian?
Um street fighter
You can get the batman games. I've played all of those you ever played the batman games
Batman's I mean the arkham series. Yeah, but just buy one
I don't like this
No, I'm saying buy one of the arkham games
That's too much for
Okay, get suicide versus the justice league and you can you can join the hate train
You can play it for three hours and then be disgusted
Apparently everybody hates it. She sounds overwhelmed. She does
Kind of like I got to kick it to the streets right now
Sorry, I have to kick it to the streets the streets might have it
The streets might have an opinion on what you should buy and so maybe we'll solve it that way is all I'm saying
So let's kick it over to the streets
And then
Eventually, I'll help Kendall. Um, I'll help Kendall with this. Okay. It's street time
It's getting spicy
over at case's
studio
Because he because he can't help he's incapable of helping Kendall pick a game
But I bet we could pick it out here on the streets because I happen to be a master of opinions and actually
Opinions inform our actions. So if we find an opinion on a game that Kendall wants to play
Well, maybe it'll inform her actions. It'll get her out of this sort of um
Decision hole that she's in where nothing looks good enough. No one is good enough. No game can ever measure up to the game in her mind
Well, the game in my mind is uh, what's that my producer is
She's gonna play fall. It says she's gonna play fall guys. I think that's a good choice
She's gonna play fall guys
It was staring her in the face all along
And
It's for her to kill time and she's saying my producer's saying it to me like this would somehow upset me
And that I'm not in full support
Um, but I am I'm glad that she's found it and let's check in with some opinions out here on the streets and see if they
Um, if they have any takes on this important event
Okay, um
Oh, I see someone coming right up to me right now. Uh, yes, are you there sir? Do you have anything to say my dream?
Hello, um
Bert pittle
And I just um have some follow-ups on some of the things that have been discussed today
Sorry one second
Yes, um, I took a selfie vid with a fake dick
But people figured out it was um, it was a big both Billy Bass
and my mom heard all about it
And now she won't
Well, basically she my mom heard about it. Now she won't talk to me
Okay
What bass um, should I play?
Just move it over
What bass should you play?
Yeah, like, um, which big mouth Billy Bass track
Which bass instrument what kind of bass do you feel like could get me out of this kind of hot water that I'm in?
I feel like I'm a boiled bass
The hot water I'm in from faking my penis video with a big mouth Billy Bass
Sorry, just to be clear you took a selfie vid with a fake dick and the fake dick was
A big mouth Billy Bass
Um
Now you hit the nail on the head
And the head that I was hitting in the video was actually a big mouth Billy Bass
It looks so little like a dick. How did you think you'd get away with it?
I mean I appreciate the innovation, but I I just don't see it working. I mean it clearly didn't
I guess I looked at my dick
Which isn't the size of a big mouth
Uh, understandably
So I'm not the size of a bass
But I thought what if it was
That'd be a hunker
So then I thought I'd just go for it
How did you
You did you just put a big mouth Billy Bass?
In front well the the pose was very much similar to drakes
A great point of reference for a dick video because the world is talking
Okay, but imagine instead of drakes penis. I'm just holding a big mouth Billy Bass
And it's singing
What song was it singing black betty?
Whoa black betty. I don't know about that song in a modern context
Go whoa get croaked
You know get croaked go whoa get croaked. That's what I say
I guess only you say that. Yeah
Anyway, what should I play? Um
Play a bossa nova. It's bossa nova. No, but find find something called bossa nova
Or just pronounce it that way
Okay, something like
Something like this
Yeah, like that
You think this will solve it for me
No, but nothing would playing in music won't
So you're not taking this serious
This is the closest. This is my honest advice, but I don't think it'll solve it. I think this could do it
All right, honestly trip. You've been a real help. Thanks so much
Thank you. I am a fan. I am
Can you turn your music down? Can you turn that? Can you turn it down?
He was blasting that shit out of his phone. Jesus. All right. Well, that's a guy that we talked to
Um, let's see who else is out here today
Okay
One second
Let me see if I can find
Exactly
This is
Um, okay
Oh, this person looks kind of familiar but
Also unfamiliar at the same time. Let's give him a shot. Excuse me. Me. Do you mind talking to me?
Oh trip. Hi trip bradstein
Uh, sorry some my producers asking me a question
Your epic games account will be connected. Oh boy
You're gonna have to you're gonna have to take over for a second while I figure this out for you
I do we downloaded it. We got remember we
My producer and I in the park played it takes two and that was through epic games. I think
It might have been through your account actually
My producer says they're gonna figure it out. Well, I've just been waiting. So that's great
Okay, sorry about that miss. Yeah. Um, that's fine
trip
Okay, I'm ariana venti
Okay, you're probably familiar with my little sister pop star ariana grande
I
Uh, that rings a bell
Even to me trippy bee. I'm not always up on the modern trends, but I even I on these streets of ariana grande
Very good. Okay. Well, her latest single is titled yes and
Unfortunately, um, it's just like it sounds. She's gotten into improv comedy
So, oh my god. Are you okay? I'm
I think I'll be okay. I tried to talk her out of it
Obviously, but and everyone knows that improv is like
The corny and shit ever. Oh, yeah, I mean I was waiting for you to say it, but yes
But I um, I couldn't she's doing it
She read charna helperin's book and that was
That was sort of it. I couldn't get her. I couldn't get her off the ledge. I'm so sorry that happens to the best of us
miss, um
venti yes means venti and
I would say really the only choice here is to let her sort of work it out of her system
um
Let her date like eight different guys in the same flannel shirt for about three weeks each
And then one of them for about two years and that'll burn her out on the whole thing
Because he'll be insufferable and it'll slowly make her realize that the thing she's doing is sort of insufferable to
That's it's it's a pretty long road. There's it's like
Um, you know, it's like a it's like long covet improv. Oh
Yeah, there's no way to get through it. It'll affect her a little bit forever
Every once in a while even after she's cured. She'll be like, I miss performing and you'll be like, oh god
And then uh, but she'll then she'll just lose interest in it. Okay. Well
Am I really gonna have to watch her play doctor know it all probably?
But then eventually she'll start doing long four of improv and and that and you'll miss you'll miss doctor know it all
I see a lot of improv here in the park
And it's the most experimental
Oh, man. I'm sorry. We're all sorry. Well, thanks, buddy
I'm a huge fan and maybe we can get through this together. I left my number in your lapel. Oh my god, she did
no
I like a woman with a nice
Extremely blonde beard
Only the brokenest human beings find improv funny couldn't agree more shape shifter destroyed ravaged humans
At the end of their rope. Let's see if there's any other people on the streets today
Looks like we got one more two more
Three more four more five more. Okay. We're our dance card might be full
Um of street opinions, but and I'll pick up the pace six more. I'll pick up the pace
Um through these six street opinions. I have in my street docket
Um and and uh, but just know that that's probably we probably can't take anymore
So if you've got one just save it for next time
I've changed up the way I'm doing it. I'm no longer keeping all of these
Um, so I don't want you to write something that I sorry to have an opinion that I don't use
Uh, let me make sure I didn't miss one
That's all opinions on what Kendall should buy
Uh, let's see, uh, what this
Thing is interested in
Hello
drip
Hello
Um, I'm Burt Pittle. Okay
Listen, I'll get right to it. I took a vid with the oh my god. This is the same opinion
Oh, you already got that opinion. Yes
Actually, I'm pervy Merv. Oh my god Burt or no, I'm pervy Merv
Listen, um
What I really came to say is there's a fun game. I like to play called Zugs Wayne
All right, I've never heard of it and the good news is though, um, that I also play it in real life
Okay
Wouldn't mind you joining me
in Zugs Wayne
If you get your hanky ready
Um, I'm gonna just really quickly look it's up on my phone that I'm holding up just off camera
um
Zugs Wayne is a
situation found in chess
And other turn-based games where one player is put at a disadvantage because of their obligation to make a move
And you just got Zugs Wayne in real life. What do you mean?
The game was can I force you to respond to the Zugs Wayne? I threw down
Not only did you respond you took the time to look it up
And now you've been Zugs Wayne
I figured it'd be a sex thing. No, it's a domination. It's a mental domination thing
And you've been forced to make a move
Zugs Wayne and with that I bid you a due trip. The wing is in your court. Do you have the Zugs?
The wing it I got Zugs Wayne
Fuck
I feel like I did
I didn't I didn't I'm not entirely clear on what it is still, but I I I'll admit that I feel like I've lost
Damn it. The wings in my court. Do I have the Zugs to wing it?
I'll be thinking about that for weeks
Okay, um
Shit, I feel like I just got fucked
But I'll keep to go. I'll keep going. Sometimes there's nothing for it
But to find more opinions out here on the streets and to wing them. Ah, it's on my brain. I can't deny it
Okay, um, let's see what this deal is. Uh, this person's deal is excuse me. Do you mind talking to me?
Oh
If it isn't trip bradstein
Well, well, well
Hello. Hey trip. I'm Detroit
Do you know, you know
Okay, listen. I've been trying for ages to become human
But no one wants it
You look pretty human not I'm a city under this here mask. I put it in a human shape
To try to to get there, but uh so far no luck
I want to become the world's first human city
but
So far just the mask you look you look like you're just a guy now
I'm a city and imagine how fun that would be no if I could manage to really thread the needle here and become a human being
Man that'd be everyone would just be saying how fun it is do it
Do it
Do what make me a sit make me a human i'm a city make me a human do it
What makes you think I can do a trip? I know
Trip I believe that you can do it
Just try
Close your eyes. Okay, they're close. Okay
Imagine a man imagine a city
America's finest city 50 years ago, but now it's Detroit. Okay. I'm thinking about Detroit. Okay
now
Imagine that city forming into a man
Your eyes are open. Well, you took me out of it close them. Okay
Imagine the city forming into a man
I keep those eyes closed. I'm sorry. All right the city is forming into a man and it's Detroit
You might you're not doing it right. Why would this work man? I don't have
Magic you talked to some of the magic of these streets must have revved off on your trip
Don't you had wanted
I can't help you. I think you're already a guy who just thinks they're a city. No, I'm a city that wants to be a guy
my producers
My producers not winning at fall guys. They're playing right now
Yeah, I wish I could play but I
I'm a city. All right. Well, thanks so much Detroit for being here best of luck becoming human
I think you're 99 to 100 of the way there already. So maybe just believe in yourself. Oh my god. It worked. What I can't believe it
Trep, you did it. I'm a human
He told me to believe in myself and I did. Oh my god. I didn't notice any change. You didn't
But the people of Detroit are dead now
Because I'm a human they all died inside me, but that's the price we had to pay all along
Thank you so much. I believe in myself and now I'm gonna go kiss my wife that I have to find
This is Detroit fine. My producer is too enraptured by um fall guys and I don't know if Detroit is fine
Oh, nothing. Don't worry about it. I don't even need to ask you actually
All right. Let's get a couple more of these opinions in which I didn't kill anyone uncle phil
I'm assuming everyone's fine
I was I was hoping I could ask him but
um, all right, well
um
Oh, someone's coming in hot
A little trip. I'm Drake's testicles. Oh my god. I feel seriously overlooked in all this hype
Um, well you weren't as hype as the dick. Okay
Why don't they why don't they all see that I support the dick? Huh? It's a big dick
Maybe I'm not the biggest testicles but I'd put that thing up 24 seven putting up numbers
I'm the real star here at this show. It's like a skyscrapers
Nobody cares about the concrete at the bottom
But if you think about it think about it right now you at home
Don't talk to them like you think about it at home the concrete at the base of the skyscraper is really the whole thing
The other stuff on top wasn't even doing other than this being up there
It's doing nothing for nobody anytime and that's the same with me
Drake's bowels. I put that thing up 24 seven. I put the whole dick on my shoulders and I carry it
I changed the game. What game did you change the whole dick game done switched up because of my support for Drake's penis
And if you ain't got the balls to admit that I'm the whole damn show
Then basically you don't understand a fucking thing you at home. Stop yelling at them. What do they do?
Fuck you at home. Why are you mad at who at home? You know
You're another person who's a guy by the way
You don't look that much like balls, but I look a little like balls. I'm Drake's bow
So I look a little different because I bought different. We're kind of built different on Drake's body
Drake's body kind of built different
And if you at home got a fucking pro with that, I'll fucking come through the screen and stop it
Thank you for letting me say my piece. I'm a huge fan of yours. It's sort of my thing. I'm out of here
Um
Okay, let's keep going. I guess. Oh my god. This one's coming in on two
Oh, hello. Oh my god. Okay. What's up holding?
Listen, I'm driving to Georgia and I saw a town called Remerton. Do you think it's just a coincidence?
Oh, your producer's trying to get your attention. What's up?
Oh, she's not you think it's just a coincidence or a deep dark conspiracy
That could bring that could bring down you ever you may have retarded that there's a remerton with two m's to be clear
You're just a little bird
Sorry, you're just a little bird and I don't know. I don't know if I trust you
Why not? You're just a little penguin. You're just a little penguin. I'm a big penguin
Well, you actually that's a good point. You're looking me right in the eyes
I put on my best suit. You did put on the arms of a suit. I put on the arms of a suit to come talk to you
About remerton. Okay. So your point is that there's a town called Renerton
That's been on this stream and also debatably is real
Um, and you're worried that because of remerton. Maybe there's no never been a Renerton
Maybe I don't know. I wanted you to fill in the blanks for me
So the conspiracy would be what that it's it's really called remerton
Okay
Why would that bring down all the mayors? I don't know. I'm asking you
Um, I guess if the people got really mad that their town had really always been called something else
Yeah
Okay. Um, so my guess is no, I don't think this will bring it down. I don't think this will bring down Renerton
Oh, that's a huge relief. I'm a little guy
You said you're a tall guy
Yeah, but my spirit is a little I can't handle a lot of big stuff like this. These are big questions
Well, thanks. I'm holding medong. Yeah
I'm out of here. It's like I gotta go. I gotta go. Um, it's snowing
Well, it's snowing, but just on him
Okay
Um
There's more opinions. I believe
Yep, uh
Let's talk to this. Let's talk to this guy. Um, what the heck?
Uh
One second
Sorry folks. I just got a little confused here for a second. Uh, okay, let's talk to this thing. Hello
Hello, Tripp
Hi, um, hello
To me here. Okay. I was thinking about trying to restart society by having androids collect data about the old world
Okay, uh, should I have the robots keep the video of drakes huge hog for posterity?
Or should I fuse it with other celebrity dog videos for a stronger chipset?
So you are going to restart a robo society. Well, yeah, that's the long term. Okay. Um, and you're wondering if
If if the well, could you couldn't you preserve both the video and and maybe make a strong fusion? I don't that's inefficient
All right. Well, do you feel like if you use drake's dick with other celebrity dicks? Would it dilute the dick pile?
What celebrity dicks ain't shit?
processing
Don't get me in trouble here. What celebrity dicks aren't shit. I don't know
Um
I don't know that many celebrities have shown off their dicks the guy from saltburn had a good dick. Hmm
Kevin bacon. What Kevin bacon's dick and hollow man would dilute the pile
You thought Kevin bacon's dick and hollow man is pretty basic
His dick was basic basic dick
I thought it looked fine. You know what i'm talking about. I've obviously i've seen hollow man
The dick ain't shit. The dick is fine in hollow man. If that dick ain't shit it will dilute the pile
I will preserve drake penis as the only celebrity dick
So you've decided the decision has been made. I think you should add kevin bacon's in there
What's wrong with the more
Average it out a little bit. Otherwise the future will think all dicks were
Real big with a little balls. No the balls were you just heard the balls are one of the best parts of the dick
Vincent gallo and brown bunny that dick ain't shit
Borat the fat guy in borat his dick ain't shit. Come on. That was a comedy dick for comedy purposes
It ain't shit. Okay. Well, you only want drake's dick. Yeah, give me it. What I am here for drake's dick
Give me it. That's what this is all about, isn't it? You're not even trying to start a society
You just want drake's dick feed me his dick
Chipset his dick chipset feed me his dick chips
I don't think you'd get how dicks work robot. I will decide human what penis is to be processed
All right. Well, thanks for being here. Thank you for having me. I thought I had trouble making the decision on my own
That might be it
Maybe all of them
Hope I didn't miss one because I really love I love to find all these opinions on the streets
But I think I did them all
Um, is anybody there?
Hello
Okay, nobody's there. I get scared sometimes. I feel like someone's watching
But maybe it's just the streets. Maybe the streets are just watching me because the streets are sort of alive in my opinion
Wait, I had a f m k
Shape shifter did I miss your opinion?
Damn it. I'm scrolling back up
I'm searching
Get trippy if you kill the entire city, but one person then the city becomes a human. Oh, you're right
Damn it. Propaganda kid. I gotta find a better system someday. I'll figure these streets out
Uh, but I think
Okay, wait, I see one now. It's from shape shift
Okay, okay, okay
f m k. Oh, Mary fuck kill. All right. I'll find someone that has this opinion to give to me
um
Excuse me you there
Can I help you? Did you need assistance?
Um, give me a mary fuck kill. You need a fuck mary kill. I always think of it as a mary fuck kill
I'm more traditional movies made like mary kill. Well, I think it depends on who you talked to
Okay, true fuck mary kill big mom billy base a dancing saviour from the grocery store and the biggest guild in decoration
Just started selling for halloween a few years ago
A big mouth billy bass santa from the grocery store the big ass halloween decoration
You make the big skeleton big spines
Well, that's more than one. Yeah, you can bunch them all together. Okay. Fuck all the spooky huge things. What?
Yeah, I don't know. Let's get a little freaky
That's your reasoning
I don't know. There's more options there. I could fuck a skeleton. I could fuck a big spider
I could fuck like a giant witch
You know
Yeah
Kill the grocery store. No, it's santa and the grocery store. Oh then kill santa. What?
Yeah, just take him out. I've had enough of him. He's been around long enough. You don't get to be on top forever
Kill santa
Oh my god
Then I guess I'll marry the billy bass
Why?
That sings to me it could keep me it could keep me entertained for a lifetime
The billy bass was the obvious choice
Thank you
It's
It's not a person
The bears
You're not a person
What?
Yeah, fuck you
I'm just playing. I'm just playing. I love you. Are you fucking with me? Maybe I'll maybe I'll marry you
Tripp, what's happening?
I'm I'm sorry. I I I turned off the interview mind
And now I'm in the absolute prank mind. I'm a raccoon term
Anyway, fuck the big
Mary the belly bass fuck every giant halloween costume and decoration kill santa
There's no wrong answers and and fuck fuck Mary kill yes there are and you scored a perfect zero
I can't help it. I got to follow my heart and I've got to follow you
Nowhere. I live on the streets. I don't leave. I got nothing to follow and no place to be
I'll be right here watching that guy bike by and sleep it in bushes
And uh, this guy is getting out of here. Oh, yeah. Oh, okay. Oh, I'm being pulled away by that guy from the apollo
Yes, you are. All right. I'll see you later. Have a beautiful day
Uh, don't fuck yourself marry yourself, but don't kill yourself. You gotta remove the last option. Okay. Bye. Bye everybody. Have a beautiful one
Streets seem pretty normal today
Pretty normal streets all things considered
Okay
We've been going for close to two hours. So before we get out of here
Let's
Let's watch some trailers. I haven't I didn't get to stream much last week
So I honestly haven't even seen today's hottest trailers
Well, how am I supposed to be informed about the upcoming shows?
Two more hours. We might also we might do a little
We'll see how we'll see how long we watch trailers. Maybe we'll do a debate or something before we go to
Anyway, Trent's I'm sure at the theater. So let's kick it over to him. He's at the movies
The most important movies of all the trailers
Whoa, what's up y'all? It's fucking good to see you. Damn fucking trailers, dude
He's been fucking slack and barely even fucking streaming, but me I'll fucking stay ready
Youngblood you ain't been here in like a week yourself. Fuck man. I'm fucking busy
Well, that's fine young blood. It's good to see you really
I supposed to say it sucks to see you and I hate you
But like maybe we should be chill today
Well young blood why tell me that
I'm just being real like I was about to just fucking go in on you. Then he said some nice shit
I was like, wait, is we not enemies? Youngblood. We've never been enemies. You're just very rude
Fuck what you suck dude get this guy out here young blood respect
My bad, dude with respect. All right as long as we respect
Yo, there's fucking shit going on
I need to increase the size of these chairs
Um, there's fucking trailers in it. Did you know that there was a quiet place once?
but
Every quiet place has a beginning
And I've sort of I've been I've called myself day one for a long time
Like whenever anybody comes up to me, they're like if you had to describe yourself like what kind of terms would you use?
And I always am like day one
What's that mean?
Fucking means I'm always been this
Okay, anyway day one is also a quiet was also a quiet place at day one. What young blood?
What are you talking? There's a quiet place trailers is what I'm getting at. So let's watch it
Oh shit. I feel like I'm in the place. Who's one of the loudest trailers I've ever heard
Okay, good
Damn, it's a fucking bug vision them bugs came in they fuck took over everything
Those aren't really bugs young blood. Yeah, they're bugs
They got like creepy crawly arms and shit. They're bugs
Anything they're more lizard like they're bugs dude. They're fucking bugs. They they hate noises
I've seen the movies
They really aren't that bug like they're fucking buggy as hell, dude
Dude that movie honestly if they want to keep those monsters at bay, they should remove that screaming lady from the trailer
Just on a fucking rhythm like
Wow, the bug that'll drive those bugs crazy. They again they hate noises
Well, you know, it was just sort of a effect
That trailer was fucking straight loud, dude. I'm I'm being real. I just kind of feel a little like
I got sticker shock, dude because I read the word quiet and then it was
Just bugs being loud as shit
Well, you know, I think that that series is sort of fun. It plays with its gimmick well and
And I'll I'll check it out
I'm glad that they found another weakness for the bugs though because like they hate like really loud noises
I think is how it works
but
They also hate whiteface and they figured out like the bugs is sort of like
Um, they're sort of that conservative talking point like if I can't be blackface
How come y'all can do whiteface?
So when they see whiteface, they're sort of like those online conservative reply guys
Every one of those bugs and it drives them crazy and it short circuits them
Making a lot of assumptions about the plot there young blood. I don't think that's any of that's right, but um,
I mean that'd be a choice
You just be fucking cool for like two minutes. I what did I say this mean?
I felt like I was you said a really dumb thing and I was pretty respectful
Love lies bleeding
official trailer hd
the
Love lies bleed the excitement which who's bleeding in this?
Sentences. All right. Well, I don't know what this is. So let's watch it
The excitement in the air is poppable
The atmosphere is electric
A celebration of history in the making
I think this place
Are they about to get attacked by bugs too?
Get some pretty serious lines going. Yeah
Why don't you want me working for your dad?
Well, he's a psycho
It's not that big girl that you two are maybe together
Do you like guns? I prefer to know my own strength. That's not what I'm paying you for
If you touch her I'm gonna tell them everything you ever do
Are you threatening me? We gotta get out of here. Let's just keep driving. I love you. You idiot
You'll regret this. Oh, yeah
Look
um
Who is rose glass whenever it says a filmed by person? I assume I'm supposed to know what other stuff they made
But I don't know any of this. That doesn't mean it's bad. I don't know a lot of things. I will admit that
That's that's a growth young blood
I didn't add
She made room 55 in st. Mod in moths
um
Yep
Okay, well look, I mean it looks I recently watched salt burn. So I'm sort of a film expert now
Oh from watching salt burn
Yeah, I sort of get film now. So it looks like that. So I'm assuming it's good
How does it look like salt burn? There's like sex and violence. So and it's uh, and surreal
There's like a lot of contrast in the image
That's all that movie was to you. I mean basically
contrasty images with
saturated colors and
And then also sex and death
Okay
So I'll give it like six
Like if that that don't get burned by that salt not every movie is salt burn. No every movie is probably salt burn now
Because that's how it works. I think it looks interesting. I guess it's a sort of 80s
workout
Love
Action
Yeah, exactly. Hey Trent, what do you think about the bathtub drain scene?
I was like
I was sort of like
I just I guess I just was like that's not like a good way to clean
Like that can't be the right way to clean it tub. Like my mom does that shit. So I don't even know but like
I hope she's not doing it that way
That's what you thought was happening there
I mean, I don't know. I just like I've never cleaned the tub myself
But like that would not be my first choice of how to do it
All right, young blood. Oh also though that movie the fucking cryptkeeper maker makeup
That's it like I didn't know I guess if it's if it's another
If it's another um cryptkeeper sort of thing
Because like Ed Harris is cryptkeeper makeup
Like this is always how I imagine the character looking like in a more modern like fully realized context
Like whoever put him in cryptkeeper makeup fucking nailed that shit
So like I've always been a fan of that character. I don't quite get how he fits into this like
80s bodybuilding
Action violence love story thing, but like I'm happy to see the cryptkeeper's back and
Ed's like pulling the look off better than almost anybody. So I'm excited for that
I don't think it's makeup. I mean it what he just looks like that. Okay, um
Drive away dolls fontal fantasy rebirth
The completely made up adventures of dick turpin
Not to be confused with dick Durbin
Nobody knows who that is so shut up young blood with respect. Okay
Let's watch uh, let's check out dick turpin. You know, I'm I'm a fan of the mighty bush
and you know
Sometimes I'll worry about this guy from this this particular actor
Some of his the activities he gets up to in his personal life, but hopefully he's fine. Let's check it out
I know what you're thinking
Who is this guy with the incredible cheekbones? Where does he get his hair done?
One day I'll be the most famous highwayman in all of England. You are literally about to be hanged you idiot
Quick note to my gag. If you are planning a rescue now would be a good time
You're probably a dick turpin. No leader of the Essex gang highwayman murder and rob. You're not highwayman dick
I've got this. We strike on three one
two
We'll get the next one
I've seen you prancing around in your funny shirts
I'm new school and there's going to be less violence on my watch
Is there anything that I could have done to improve your highway robbery experience?
But we're just as tough as any other gang in here
Here's your peppermint tea dick. Put a splash of honey in this. I know you got a scratchy throat. Thanks, little carrot
There's only one man brainless enough to steal from the syndicate
Thank you dick. I don't know what we do without you
Gonna be famous
I want this dick in my hands as soon as possible
That sounds weird. Yeah, that did sound a bit wet. Sorry
All right
Yeah, um, honestly, I can see that being good comedy trailers
Have a really bad habit of making everything look fucking terrible
but
you just never know like
I think one problem is
Sometimes a show could be funny and the trailer can kind of make it look completely generic and bad
But usually that guy's not in totally generic stuff. I like when he makes cakes or whatever
Like I love how he makes cakes. So well, he's he's a comedian. Also, he's you know, mighty bush and he's got some
Spending some funny stuff. He doesn't just make cakes. I'm pretty sure he mostly does like cakes and game shows
Saren's had Saren's had the same thought
um
Am I reading there? I'm sorry serians, but
Um, so so I mean I'm glad to see he's branching out into like
Comedy shows, but because I'm such a fan of him making cakes. Well, tell me he's a isn't he
Doesn't just make cakes. He's a judge on the british bakeoff
Which is not just cakes
We're saying the same thing
okay, well, um
That's your three trailers young blood. You've done it. I'll fucking nailed it again
Also case forgot to let um peter sing his show tunes. I'm actually a huge peter fan
You like peter giving yeah man me and peter g we fucking boys do so like case needs to let him do his thing
All right, I didn't know that you were a peter gibbon fan
Yeah, man me and peter is probably the two best guys on this network
So let him fucking cook is what I say and let's let's fucking cook cases dumbass for like not letting him sing his songs
All right, young blood. I mean that's fine. So anyway, check out um
Check out the dick show the british british dick man. Check out. Um
Check out the quiet place. That's actually loud
And then be sure to check out the kripkeeter creeper featuring
80s workout girls because all three of those kind of I'm like kind of in all three trailers
And I would honestly probably watch any of those even though I did also talk shit about them
But that's sort of on me. That's like I'm sort of working on that in therapy
Is how like I tend to go kind of negative even when I like things and that maybe it's a defense mechanism
You're in therapy. I'm blood
Yeah, I downloaded an app on my phone called like 10 minutes self-reflection and it's not it sort of changing my life
Maybe see an actual professional though. Well, you know, that's fucking expensive. I ain't got the time
But I got the time to say I'll see you later because yeah, you actually you know what it is and I'm fucking trying and uh, and see
Oh
Someone called for me. Not me though
But someone did
A certain rapscali and child who happens to be a big fan of yours truly pete give
And I've got something to say about what we've seen over these last two segments
This is the worst way to pay off how kind everyone was by subbing so much or the best way
Um, because I've got a little can you hit me with an actual showtune sort of sounding thing this time?
I maybe I have to find one for you peter
Um
Whoa
Does that sound more like what you're looking for? It sure does. Um
Yeah
What am I singing about
Take me on down to st louis
We the toggle at st louis at all
I'm not drunk. I'm I'm show but just sing about the
Do
I'll give you one more chance peter
Okay, I'll take it
Take me down to st louis
Where I've got a little quiet place
All right, we need to talk about that. Also, I am bleeding and I'm loving lies
But I've got one more big surprise for you. What's that?
Um, nothing to say peter. I forgot what the third thing we watched is the third trail. Oh dicks. Oh my god
Uh
Take me down to st louis because I've got a real big surprise for you
We've got a real quiet place where we hang out and also bleed a bunch of
Why
But the biggest surprise of all is my dick the dick of dick terpins there
This is the worst show too. And when we get that big old dick turpin in our hands
We'll make sure to take him to jail. He's rapscallion. It's only fair
The dick we dare to st louis
Where we've got a bunch of lies and it's caught up. Is that how the show ends?
I'm gonna I'm gonna say that's how the song ends peter
Okay, well um any
Any other um
Any other stuff you want to talk about with me?
Let's just do a debate and then we'll we'll let you sing about whatever the debate is and then we'll get out of here for the day
I think if you'd let me keep going I would have found it peter
I don't know. I don't know what this sub goal is
But you are I guess we'll say that you're doing it and no one can deny that whatever this sub goal is
I'm
I'm doing it
All right. Let's um, I don't know what we're debating, but it just is a way to get away from peter
I'm gonna send it over to munch and crumb if you got anything you want them to fight about today
Let us know in the chat. I'm sure they'll I'm sure they're happy to oblige. It's time for munch and crumb
Oh, yeah, give it up for me. Bring it in get this guy out of the screen. Ha ha sub for crumb
microphone 900 watch it
You're just playing I know the people love to play the people are very playful
We play every day
But the main hit that I play
Is fucking hitting the smile right off of crumb's face with my vicious words and my incredible machismo
Every time he sees me it's basically like I punched him out. How's it going you fucking piece of shit?
I hate your guts and I wish you weren't here. Okay. Well more of the usual for munch
Quite the intro. It's fine to see you. I've made peace with you existing
Oh, well, I got a fucking piece for you and it's a fucking piece of shit that I'm gonna feed you for dinner
no effect
It's hurting you the things you say are too dumb to hurt
It's like getting punched with a balloon. You're just like
Getting punched with a balloon could hurt
Is it is it someone smashing you in the face with a balloon the balloon will pop and then you'll the fist will connect
Anyway, what are we talking about today?
Don't skip our banter
This isn't banter. It's just you free associating vaguely mean words
Well, the only thing vague about what I mean
is that
You should go to the Hague
and dream
to death
But about you should be murdered in jail
What I don't my point is don't skip our banter. Okay, fine. How are you? I'm fucking invincible
You're impossible to talk to because you're bad at everything. I shouldn't be surprised. It was a mistake
To try to be your friend. You were trying to be my friend. I was trying to be your friend
I was like, maybe I'll try to be crumb's friend. Maybe I'll bury the hatchet
But now I'm sharpening the hatchet slit your throat. Uh, well, anyway, you're lying and you never wanted to be my friend
Uh, no, I today I was thinking I'll be crumb's friend. I'm gonna change. I'm gonna completely change up the game
I'm gonna be crumb's best friend. There's I was thinking I was gonna do that
I feel like you're not capable of lying actually. So now I'm sort of confused
Maybe I in your brain everything you say is true. So
Yeah, I mean it a thousand percent. How you doing Kendall?
She lost the crown again
Well, better luck next time. You'll never have a crown
You'll never know what it's like to be Kendall and winning crowns straight winning being a king and or queen
Um
We'll never be friends even though we were so close. How are we? Okay, whatever
What what what what's something you want to do anybody got a debate they want to see today?
Um, we're happy to we're happy to debate whatever
Um, which is how I feel about you. Oh, you're back on that. Yeah, whatever
That's why we don't get along. That's the reason we don't get along is that you're
A vicious don't fucking don't do my face
Trump's little head is a crown
Oh my head is bald. It's the opposite of crown not
you mean smooth and
Disgusting and not a glorious shining
Monument to human achievement like my hair is I got a crown of powerful silver locks. You've got gray weird hair
What game should Kendall get?
um
Drake or bacon
Drake or bacon. What's better?
draker bacon
Like the meat I'm curious about this drake or bacon. I mean obviously bacon. Well
Oh, kevin bacon
I see let's debate that you want to debate that. Well, yeah, I mean it was debated
It was requested and I I get it because I've seen hollow man. Well, obviously all of us have seen hollow man
Well, would you agree that the bacon penis is is good. It's fine
I expect more movies are about spectacle
So I feel like drake kind of released more of a movie than bacon if you know what I mean
Obviously, I'm saying drake's penis is superior
It's good in thermal vision. Well. Yeah, exactly. You only see it really in the thermals
If you if you if you predator vision my penis
Kendall just won a crown
Kendall just won the whole fucking game
Okay, well, let's debate
Drake's penis versus kevin bacon's penis and I'll take the side of bacon
I think he's a classic actor
I think though I think it was a solid a solid effort from his dick and I think drake's penis basically broke
Um, it didn't just break the internet broke a lot of backs if you know what I mean slap slap slap
You're being gross. You're the one who wants to debate this
Exactly out card king. I'll take a side of bacon. I think the hog looks nice
Okay, well, if we don't have a mod that okay, and where fucking going look is there even really any fucking debate here, um
We've all seen drake's dick. It's big. It's flopping around in a way. That's kind of fun and um
I don't know it sort of looks like a kid playing with putty
You remember what it's like to play with putty as a kid
It could be anything your imagination runs wild. That's drake's penis for adults
It's sort of like a magical toy that your parents bring home
And it's so gloopy and gloppy in your hands
You're like, what am I even gonna make out of this?
But then it fucks you and you're surprised because you're like, wow
I thought this was just a fun toy to sort of flop around in my paws
Nope, now you're having hardcore sex with your favorite toy. That's what it's like
To hang out with with drake and to have his dick
It's a magical beautiful thing for us to both laugh at gawk at and be turned on by and that makes it
A once in a lifetime kind of cock the kind of cock only people like me usually get
But this time once in a century another one is born with some with a penis nearly as magical as mine
Well, I'm glad that at the end you sort of tried to shelf aggrandize your shelf
Even though I have it on record that your dick is just kind of whatever
Really what record you don't even want to know
But we're here to discuss kevin bacon not your fucking
Noodle couldn't even float on that pool pool noodle
Leave my fucking get my dick out of your mouth
Honestly, I know you're desperate for it. Get my dick out your mouth
But your dick's never getting anywhere near my mouth, but I'll tell you who's coming out of this mouth
Is a support for kevin bacon. What?
Um
Listen, uh, the movie might have been about an invisible man, but
The angle of that penis was indivisible
I'm trying. I'm saying his penis looks his penis looks pretty solid
Wait a minute. Why am I fucking losing this? Who is a better penis? What they heard in me talking and they loved it in fact
The penis speaks for itself. Here's the thing. I didn't even have to go in that hard
On the penis because people love kevin bacon's penis. No one has ever
Been that excited for kevin bacon's penis from hollow man
No one's posted about kevin bacon's penis from hollow man. Everyone's talking about drake's penis. No
No, she that's the thing. It's sort of a flavor of the moment penis
But kevin bacon's penis was built to last
Um in the classic film that it's in it has been immortalized like the pyramids of guiza in 10 000 years
Drake's penis will be but sand before an obelisk forgotten to time
But kevin bacon's penis in hollow man immortalized
In celluloid for future generations
In memoriam to to enjoy so
Really?
You're you you brought a fucking uh, you brought uh, you bought fucking
A vegan you brought vegan sausage to a bacon fight
You know
Is this the bridge? I don't even know what to be mad at. This is
There was no debate here and he fucking failed in speaking. Is this the bridge? His words was bad today
My words was bad today
You guys don't you don't need him to you don't need him to catch up
I think I think I think I see what's happening here
The chat thinks it's gonna be funny when you catch up because it's such an obvious miscarriage of justice
But you guys don't understand it'll do damage. What do you mean?
If you don't want to see what happens if he actually gets ahead you think i'm the bad guy
No, you don't understand you're dabbling with powers that shouldn't be touched
What are you fucking on today? You don't you don't even understand yourself
If you surpass me in this point total it could it could destroy the world
Or it would just be a score and it's not that big of a deal
Well, I'll take that back. It's actually a pretty big deal because I'm coming for you and when I crush you
It will break your spirit at last. Oh
It'll break more than that. You don't understand
And there we were arguing I think I understand that you're fucked
I understand that you're straight up. You're fucking chumped. You're fucked. It's over for you
Probably has a pretty big deal also
Yeah, a big a good a big deal of fucking a bolt bullshit that he's guys don't let him fucking catch up to me
This is insane
This was an open and shut one drakes penises clearly so much bigger
Not all about the size
Sometimes it's about the context
Um, it's about the body it's attached to
And it's about um, is it satisfying to see it dingle around in thermal vision
And bacon checks all those boxes and I'm checking one more box and that box is
Um, this the box that says, um, I'm coming I'm coming for you. You stop
Well, I'm coming for that number one
spot which you actually never
occupied is um
Sort of what I
meant to say what is going on with your brain. Sorry. I'm distracted. I have to change my score
To the hot it's sad to make it lose. Uh, it's sad to take it off of this number
But maybe 70 is actually the new 69 nice
Everything's breaking
Okay, now it's back to normal. What are you doing?
How is it still that hard for you to change the score? Also, I'd like to point out you're actually 15 points behind
Yeah, which is five points less than it has been for much
You'll never you know what I'm overreacting you will never catch up. You'll never catch up. And also, of course, you didn't even win today
I mean really anybody can look at this this poll and know that it was rigged. No one's voting for fucking kevin bacon's
You know, let's be real. Just it's kind of an average penis. Well average
To you there's more again. There's more than size a we don't know
What bacon's penis is like erect which makes it an exciting mystery. Maybe you get smaller
I'm not even saying it's exciting because it gets bigger
Maybe the penis actually gets smaller but rock hard or maybe it gets huge and and not that hard a penis
A flash of penis is just a mystery. It's a question. It's a riddle waiting to be solved
Whereas drakes
Seemingly erect but very floppy penis was is just you know to me. It's shabby a shabby showing from drake
I just don't I got nothing to say to you. I've nothing to say to you other than that. You you're lying
You're all lying to yourselves. Obviously. We all love drake's dick
I can't think of any drake songs other than started from the bottom now. You're here
But if I could I'd be making a pun about his penis and that right now
So just know that and that it would be a good pun and that I forgive you for lying to yourselves about drake's penis
Hotline blink. There we go. He's got a hotline thing
You see what I
So easy
No one would be impressed everyone's impressed everyone's cheering for me actually and they're gonna keep doing that forever
because
Because you're never gonna beat me and everything's fine and chat just
Fucking get with the times
Well, my hair's getting crazy
Okay, we're almost at the finish line. Um, unfortunately
Sorry on the worst payoff to one of the craziest sub runs we've had in a while
Unfortunately, the sub goal that was contained in it was just a small goal for peter to sing show tunes
Not a small. I'd not say small goal. I'd say
Um, I'd say a big goal. It's like I should want a soccer player scores. Go
Yeah, I'll make a new sub goal for um, I'll make a real small sub goal with a better payoff
In honor of of the crazy support
What better payoff is there than some classic show tunes with a classically trained?
Speaker
You couldn't even say singer. Well, I'm not a classically trained singer
What I did take elocution classes in kindergarten because I had a severe lisp
That doesn't mean it make you a classically trained speaker. That just means you had a I mean congratulations on it seemingly mostly getting over your lisp
Don't make me slip back into it because
You're bringing up old trauma
um
Well, I'm not knocking a lisp. It's fine to have a lisp, but but congrats if it's the thing you wanted to get over and you
Did I got over it?
And I feel so much. Oh my god, you're making me fall into it
Okay, um hit me with a show tune. Let's sing about kevin bacon's penis
Oh, not the sad song again
Oh
What else you got come on you gotta have something better than this. I don't know
That's too simple to the last one. All right, fine. We'll do this one
A swing band song
Yeah, jack
No
I hear a sizzle every time you come through
And daddy's got a little bit of bacon for you
It's hot. It's strong. It shows up under light
And if you get a little hollow, I'll fill you up. All right
And I'll make it for you
Get the breakfast ready daddy's coming right through
I'm gonna fill you up and not with my sausage. I've got some bacon. That's carnal knowledge
I'm fucking you with ham
I'm gonna fuck you with some ham products
Making love with my hand
Penis
Thing is you could it was barely a new window peter. So don't make the chorus
Explicitly what the lyrics were nodding towards
It just couldn't it just it didn't have to make it explicitly fucking people with ham products
Um, well, you know the chorus is where you make the subtext the text
Show and exactly some people were listening to that show
Well, I got six degrees of separation
But I'm feeling a new sensation
And that sensation makes me tingle
I hear it's even a brand new flavor of Pringles
It's fucking ham and I'm fucking you with it. It's a bacon, but it's also my penis and it's ham
Don't stop it. Stop it. Did I do it?
I don't know peter. Yes, you did the you did the gibbon show tunes
Well, um, and you're welcome everybody
There we go, and that's and that's the news for the day peter. That's
We barely did any news today. Well, isn't that what you named your whole show you fucking
You fucking player hater
I'm being I'm trying to I'm trying to shed it up with you
You seem to respond more when people are mean to you so you fucking dummy
Oh
Well, we did talk about drake's penis and that was technically news
There you go
Um, christ, and thank you so much for all the support today. Uh
Exactly talked about drake's dick news accomplished and all of you are very accomplished for sticking with case
I'll stream one
And she has she like, you know nearly has a psychotic break. I was I'm holding it together just fine
I am
Don't nod at me
But peter get peter off the screen. I want to talk to you. Oh, okay
Let's see
I was a robot for a second, but actually I'm a dog
Okay, that's more my speed. Thank you, but peter. Okay. Well, anyway, let's um
Let's read somebody. Oh, okay. You want to take care of that for me? Yeah, I'll take you outside here for the day
Let's see who's online
um
Well, it's a bunch of squiggles that mean nothing to me because I'm a dog, but I guess let's
Ray, that's right. It's been not how long it's been actually been
Eight hours
Two hours and 50 minutes
Erin stevey
Erin stevey, how do we know Erin stevey? I wrote the market to the
Anybody know Erin stevey let's read Erin stevey
Shit, is this somebody I should know? No, someone I should know. You know, you're safe. Okay. Good
I can't I not I guess
I gotta go to your channel
Okay, it's a case right at your channel. Oh my god too many noises. Okay last one Erin stevey
For you someone just walked by and scratched my neck. Oh, you have a you have a human over there that scratches your neck
Yeah, sometimes I bring in a human to scratch my neck. That's why occasionally you see a human hand
Good to know
I want to do my voice. Okay. We're reading Erin stevey. It's a case raid. Yay
Uh, thanks for sticking with case today. Thank you for the insane amount of subs that's a lot
500 of that weird sub goal that that cased it. No peter did it. It was you
You did that to everyone. It was peter
I blame you though
It's your fault
All right, that's fair. Yeah, it is. Yay. I'm a dog. Okay. Uh, have a great day everybody
Enjoy Erin stevey time. It's a case raid and we'll talk to you all soon. Give me toilet for life
Exactly. Give me that toilet. Hey, you get more of those old videos coming up. Yeah, we're gonna be dropping some, um
Off off stream recorded videos on my social
So give me a follow over on any of these guys if you want to see those
Um, and we'll probably be back tomorrow with some more of of this minus the peter singing
Nobody's gonna show up if peter's not singing. Really? No, I'm kidding. It's don't make him do that again
Okay, fair enough. Okay. Bye everybody have fun with Erin. It's a case raid. Bye. Bye