Chase you fool. You don't even know how the stream works
Damn harsh
I'm papilla. I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog
You're so good with those quick changes. I can tip it on 18 million coats in two seconds
Guys we're back. Papito's back to normal seemingly everything is functioning as it should meaning barely
Just barely holding on for dear life
How often do you restart your computer?
Usually I restart it before I stream
You know, I'm often editing and stuff all day or whatever else
so
Usually I'll restart it today. I did not and I also didn't open certain programs that I have to open before opening OBS
So sometimes it's just a big disaster
Anyway, that's fine. We're back on our feet
Everything I need I already got what I needed out of today stream. I tested my important variable
We're going amongst the web
We are also going to the movies where also we also got to talk to the hate sock a get Papito does the hate sock around
Great
Tonight I'm crumbing to get you is the song requested by live and sleazy
If only I could get crumb in the studio, maybe we can get a
We wouldn't get come crumb to do some backup wheezing we can add some of that in
We can just record it during a debate if we need to
and we also
We're already said we're going amongst the web great great great
You know what now my chats not freakin working and is this working?
Ghost crumb with DJ C4 ghost crumb off I could get in my wood
But I don't control
Certain cannon events in this stream as well as I'd like to I can't find a single a single spectral spec of crumb
Maybe we get belulia to do it. I also can't get a hold of her. I tried to call her and she
Doesn't seem to I think he's noticed that crumbs gone. I'm being honest
Maybe we get much to do it. We'll figure it out. You tried to make crumb videos, but VO3 couldn't handle it
it just
It it rebelled at the task. It'll make anything but that he's against TOS on most websites
Thank You sir Rio
It's probably the most important addition to the stream since we started
Almost three years we've been doing this and this is I think what's really gonna push it over the top
They came out awful I put them in AI slop. Oh that makes me even more excited to see them though
If only my discord was working better, but I have it open in a browser. So hopefully it'll still load stuff
AI slop
Where are you?
Where are you?
You know I forget about this thread and I really shouldn't
Okay, here's some AI slop courtesy of live and sleazy
Let's see VO3 put in that work
I still don't know if it's VO or Veo and I'll never figure it out
But we can at least watch these videos live and sleazy made with it. You know what I think it came up better than you gave us gave it credit for oh
God
There's even more is this crumb? I guess he wouldn't have a head that doesn't make sense
They're doing the opposite of resurrecting him. Oh
I'm surprised it'll generate that that's that's pretty violent from my um
AI experience limited as it may be
It seems to rebel
Okay, there's even more of these I'm case blackwells, you know that the
Jacket you're generating is starting to look more accurate more accurate
I'm case blackwell with Papito and you're watching bin
Wow, look at even got the gold
jacket on them
We're getting there pretty soon. You won't even need me to do this anymore
Pretty soon. It can just be that whatever that is and it'll probably make just about as much sense as whatever this is
Okay, here's this I'm case blackwell with Papito and you're watching bin. Oh
No, oh, it's got human hands. I
Got to see that one again case blackwell with Papito and you're watching
Ben I feel like
You kind of killed them like they're dead
Not sure how that works. Okay. Now we got to watch them all
What's this one? Oh?
What the fuck okay fine? We can I'll show you guys this one too. Obviously as you undersold these
You know, I've been pretty negative on AI, but I mean
Look at this
He kind of has I guess he has a robot
Neck that looks a little metallic right he's in hell. Who knows how it works. Maybe you get a robot body when you go to hell
He just cannot get that head back out and have it work. Oh god. Here's me again
This one is I think I'm looking better actually. This is the look. I'm really going for it
I'm case blackwell with Papito and you're watching bin
The two notes at the end wow, I haven't given a AI enough credit at all blackwell with Papito and you're watching bin
Wait for it
This is the getting so many looks at the future right now. I'm okay. This is the most this is the most accurate case yet
Here we go. I'm case blackwell with Papito and you're watching bin bin
He's losing his fully
What did what was I doing at the end there? It kind of jazz hands it looks just like me at least
It looks
Just like me the bin multiverse the others of I guess there's probably infinite versions of me doing this
You know, I prefer to think that an infinity all things are possible except this stream
This is the only place I'm doing this is this particular universe
It does end with a question mark as do a lot of my sentences to be fair, so I think it's kind of in the vibe of this show
Welcome to bin bin. Oh, is that the show's new name bin bin?
Kind of actually rolls off the tongue. Welcome to bin bin
And now we'll just leave it as it is
Honestly very rarely say the title of this
network
Which I not so subtly plastered all over this studio
It's this is doing the work for me. You might have noticed the logo pops up a lot
Garten of bin
Yeah, it has gotten very realistic ish I told you guys this before but one of my jobs is
Fairly AI adjacent one of my various editing ish jobs
Maybe you could argue this one's a producing job, so I've been a little more abridged of it than I used to be
From my experience with these tools including the o3 which I've used a little bit
It is so much better at generating like
Semi-realistic people and environments, but it's still
really bad at like
carrying through
Complex action or descriptions like what you you're probably trying to get like crumb to put his head back on and then he's resurrected
It doesn't understand order of operations very well in my experience if you're like a guy walks down the street
Then he picks up a shovel then he falls over it'll be like a man who with a shovel for a hand
Kind of flies in the frame and falls down and then rockets into the sky
But it looks way better while all those things are happening at least so
I'm kind of in favor of it
I say it it maintains its incoherence, but it just gets more and more realistic until it's a pure nightmare generator and
Then I'd say that's really in line with this stream
Okay, we're back everything's working
Seemingly there's news and then we got to make a crumb song
Which will figure out
Who's even doing that but for now? Why don't we do some news?
No generating this face
You can't look this good unless God made you that way. Sorry case. I'm Jeff Ripple
The one and only let's do some news turn off the music turn it off. That's my only turn it off
Yes
Hello Jeff. It's Friday
You've got to end the week right with the most news guy on this network with the most face of them all
Sure
All I get is a sure
You didn't even make me a little fake headline for the bottom. Anyway, the Supreme Court
is
Ruling
And that that should be a headline we can all get behind right
Don't we love it when the Supreme Court rules our asses?
Look at it go
I guess it is
Doing that
Can't say I'm a fan of the type of ruling
Well, I didn't say it was positive ruling you can do some bad ruling
It's doing that from what I can tell I haven't even checked in with the news that much today
So I'm ready to be disappointed with along with the rest of you based on the headlines
Yes time for reality with a little dose of whatever is happening
here thrown in
Great. Oh
That's not the right one
That's the discord one. Okay. Here we go
Now we do a fix
And now we back on top. I'm assuming
Yeah, no
Everything is rebelling against me today
Okay, okay, okay, we do the fix
We do a fix
What the frick?
There we go. Yeah, so hard to get me on screen
What's up with that? All right, we move that
We've got our beautiful Supreme Court here and now I can finally read headlines at your faces
Supreme Court
In birthright case limits judges powers to block presidential policies and let's just leave it there
No, I think we have to read the rest of it and see what it means. Maybe it'll be policies. We all really like
You know, let's just do a couple comments. Hey, I must stop
It seems to sometimes struggle to even start but there's no stopping it. Can someone teach the Supreme Court?
What reading comprehension is?
Reading comprehension is overrated. Mostly you just want to read accurately and out loud and
The words can just kind of pass straight through your brain. Take it from me Jeff Ripple very rarely even consider what I'm reading at all
But you talk to me about it. That's all my news instincts
There's no actual thought going up here me and Papito kind of have that in common
It's professional case to not think about what you're saying
The US Supreme Court handed President Donald Trump a major victory on Friday in a case involving birthright citizenship by curbing the ability of judges
To impede his policies nationwide
Changing the power balance between the federal judiciary and the presidents the six three ruling authored by conservative justice
Yemi Koni Barrett, that's what she likes her name said did not let Trump's directive
Restricting birthright citizen citizenship go into effect immediately
Directing lower courts that blocked it to reconsider the scope of their orders
The ruling also did not address the legality of the policy part of Trump's hard line approach
Toward immigration
That's all you got just I guess it's not the most surprising ruling
From our stacked Supreme Court filled with conservative justices
I like how um, you know, there's always like a glimmer of hope that the Supreme Court is gonna save us
But we never learn our lesson that they're only here to punish. That's what a court's for to punish us
for all
The freedom we claim that we want 13th amendment anyone
Bronher is citizen
Supreme court nah
Oh anyone born here. Yeah
Or bronzed here. Maybe maybe we're adjusting it to if you go and get bronzed
Or you get speared by a bron breaker. That one is too dangerous. I wouldn't want people to do that
He does spear pretty hard
Go fuck yourself san diego
That's a comment
So that doesn't count as you tricking me. You still read it. Yeah, but I've got to read a comment
What am I gonna do not read a comment?
Jump start your morning with the latest legal news delivered straight to your inbox from the daily docket newsletter
That's again, you're reading the ads. Hmm the republican president
And this is courtesy of Reuters
The republican president lauded the ruling and said his administration can now try to move forward with numerous policies
such as his birthright citizenship executive order that he said have been wrongly
Joined on a nationwide basis. We have so many of them. I have a whole list
Trump told reporters at the white house the court granted the administration's request to narrow the scope of three so-called universal injunctions
issued by federal judges in maryland, massachusetts and
Washington an overrated president and state
You said you don't
Judge the things you read jeff. Oh, sorry. That was just pure instinct there
Oh, I'm glad that they issued an injunction. I'm sorry to hear that. It's not being held up
Well, that's because the state that halted enforcement of his directive
nationwide while litigation challenging the policy plays out
Will have to just wait and see how it plays out the court's conservative justices were in the majority and its liberal members
Dissented, but they're all just
Following the constitution by the letter of the law
It's an infallible document. They're just upholding it, right?
That how come uh, it's completely divided along partisan lines
It's just sometimes it happens that way
that your politics
Happen to align with your unbiased reading
of the laws of this country
We don't have to make everything so partisan case
Uh, I think it's doing it all on its own
It is doing it on its own. Don't blame anyone
The row those robe wearing weirdos won't save us. Come on. They might change their mind
It'll change their mind if we stack the court with liberal judges
How long will that take?
Uh, give it another hundred years, I guess
strict constitutionalism dragging us all back into the 1800s
Oh, I don't think munch would save us on the supreme court. Well, who knows what he'd do
He'd probably claim. He's the only citizen
Yeah, he's the most conservative it gets in the sense that he truly only stands for himself
Your words not mine
We play bingo together
The ruling specified that Trump's executive order cannot take effect until 30 days after friday's ruling
The ruling thus raises the prospect of Trump's order eventually applying in some parts of the country
Federal judges have taken steps including issuing numerous nationwide orders impending impeding trump
Uh, trump's aggressive use of executive action to advance his agenda
The three judges in the birthright citizenship litigation found that trump's order likely violates citizenship language
In the u.s. Constitution's 14th amendment, but who can count past a baker's dozen?
Which could be 12 or 13?
Because it's a baker's
That was 11 exactly
Anyway, that's where numbers stop for us
The gorilla would save us
Is that guy still around I don't feel super safe
With a head crushing gorilla in the office allegedly allegedly we all saw it happen live
Allegedly
Okay, well don't worry. There's other news. Oh great good news. There's other news
Wait a minute. Is there other news? Did I forget to load the other news? Ah
Senate the senate also
As our democracy hums along
The senate not the supreme court pictured to the right
Uh, and the specifically the republicans blocked a proposal to limit trump's war powers
Democratic efforts in the senate to prevent president donald trump from further escalating with aran fail short friday
Good thing there's permanent peace with republicans blocking a resolution that marked congress's first attempt to reassert its war powers
Following u.s strikes on aranian nuclear sites the resolution authority
Authored by senate senator tim cana virginia aim to affirm that trump should seek authorization from congress before launching more military action
Against aran as friday if he would bomb aran nuclear sites again
If he deemed necessary trump said sure without question
But he won't because they got him
They freaking got him. Hey my official stance
Is a i have no idea if they got them and b they got them what?
I just think everyone pushing this the nuclear sites are still operational story
Is doing this because they want us to go back to war with aran granted you can just report the facts
But i just don't think we exist in that kind of culture
I think the reason that this is still in the headlines is uh
There's certain powers that b that would really like us to be
Still engaged in a more active conflict with aran if president trump doesn't go back to war with aran
I mean he shouldn't go on to shouldn't try to start one in the first place
But I support that so if what it takes is believing that the nuclear sites are gone
Semper fi i believe it
Seize the nukes
Report the facts in this economy. That's true. It is a little expensive to report facts
Whereas i could just say my opinion my socks smell bad. That's just a fact
It is
Yeah, I know it. Do we still have a zoom?
Really? Jeffy's sock is no smell nice
Jeffy's sock you smell bad
Yes, yes
But you know a lot of people's do
It's so close now
Back it up
Feel like jesus and wash jeff's feet that could be a bonding moment between us or a bondage moment
You know what? I'm not into it anymore never mind
Anyway, I don't smell unless you take your shoes off which you do a lot. I can't report the news if my toes feel all cramped
Anyway, don't worry. There's still other news
Is this gonna also be
Bad news. Well, I'll let you be the judge trump says he's terminating all discussions on trade with canada effective when case
immediately good guess
Uh president trump says he's terminating all discussions on trade with canada effective immediately after canada announced the digital services tax
On large foreign and domestic technology companies posting on you guessed it truth social on friday afternoon
The president said that the us will let canada know what their tariff rate will be next week
Give it a or maybe he'll say 30 days. He doesn't like that number a lot
The trade talks blow up comes only a week after the president met with canadian prime minister mark carney at the group of seven
It's kind of like a cool group of
Final bosses eight evil robots seven incredible leaders
That are not going to get attacked by mechamann
Anyway, we're not done we're done negotiating
The time for negotiations is over and the time for no trade with anyone is just starting
I
again all of
all of the trump administration
news that we cover now with more regularity than i'd like
Is a similar breed of
I wouldn't even say confusing just kind of like a depressing slog of idiocy
that we
Nonetheless, I guess need to be aware of it's very important to have thoughts in your brain says case
You can always pull a jake tapper and be racist. It works for him
Jeff i'm not don't do that
Really, but what if it works for me?
Should I start talking about my opinions of zoran mom donnie?
Why don't we have you not do that?
Actually, I think he looks nice and I respect any guy with a beard. His is pretty good
I actually preferred the photos that the quomo campaign
Doctored to make him look like he had a bigger beard because I related to those
So maybe I can't be racist because I like beards too much
I earned that
How by being such a good guy
Well, anyway, sorry for all the relentlessly, you know, not that great news everybody, but that's the way it is sometimes sometimes
It's not very good. The fish ties really tempting me to go out and buy sushi
Don't block it with the mic case
This could be our big sponsorship opportunity with sushi
Which is with sushi generally you're already holding it out. You're on board. No, I just I'm just letting it breathe
You're trying to advertise sushi just like me. We don't have a sponsorship deal with an entire brand of type of food
But we could and then there's no limit to how much we could make
Stock market is going well at least
Is that sarcastic?
Do I dare check
Maybe it is stock market up. I'm just gonna search that
The stock market today has
A record in sight and they're rallying
Ah, thank god
That the rich people are doing okay still
Bin news sponsored by sugarfish. Oh, I like
Oh sugar on fish. It's not a literal sugarfish. Well, I can't tell how I feel about it anyway
So the news is great actually the stock market's doing well and that's all we care about I think it's all a very select
Number of people care about and even if that's all they care about it's been incredibly unstable
But it's all gonna stabilize now that we know there's no deals with canada and who knows if you're a citizen or not
And maybe we'll drop a
Nuke or we'll blow up the countries the country's nukes or we'll bomb a country
Anyway, now that we know all those things could happen at any time
Everybody feels stable finally now that we know anything could happen at any time now that we know that there's no
Floor on the ground and we're all free falling
The stock market's free climbing. I guess the president was right all along about what?
One of the things
And I've been right
Probably at least once and all you have to do is be right once and then that rightness guess what it does case
I'm not guessing but you do you want to know? I don't Jeff
It he knows he knows it ripples and that's my name and we'll see you soon. Bye. Bye
Goddamn it
There we freaking go
Chris stop breaking my fucking stream
Young love that was not me. I don't know who that was
So now nice to accuse people immediately of
In you know
In convening you
I don't have to accuse you dude. I know for a fact. So we're back to fighting
Remember when we were being chill last ring we could try that again
No, the world has chosen war and so shall I with the heart of the warrior. I will antagonize you at all times, chris
Okay, you
Never mind dude. I don't even fucking want to what?
Oh, okay
Fucking trying to make me fight you stop it. I but I was literally just sitting here. Look. It's a news
Not news. It's a trailer thing. This is a trailer thing with me Trent
and my
parole officer is here who's fucking I guess actually we don't fight
Because I decided
Okay, I don't want to to be clear good because now I want to oh my god. All right. Look we watched
Trailers. I'm his parole officer. That's Trent. Yeah, you fucking know
He does he likes to use a bit of a contrarian. I don't even know what that fucking means. So good luck
And we're gonna watch the trailers that you could share
Maybe have and probably have at the cream dot team. Hopefully have
Monster island official trailer
Star people official trailer
Garden of band band eight
How many gardens are there infinite gardens and they're all banned
Let's start with monster island because that's crazy a whole fucking island of them
Is this another Godzilla thing or is this an unrelated island of monsters only one way to find out let's click on
Whoa, ask him how he got himself in the brick. How'd you get yourself in the brick?
This thing comes back. We need to be ready for it
You understand
Is it just one monster on this island? Is it predators and aliens going on here?
We cannot let this creature live
According to ebert that's a good time at the movies or at shutter.com
Streaming everywhere
It's a monster island is the point. It's not the one you're thinking of with the big monsters
It's more like one little monster that but he's aggressive as hell
You don't need that many monsters to make it a monster island
As i've never met a calm what the fuck why is it playing our own stream?
Auto played our own stream. That's upsetting
We need the views dude. Leave it on we can't watch our own stream while doing the stream. No, dude get the views up
Put it up 10 times break cases computer
Can I liked it 3.78 stars? That's pretty good
That's above mid
That's respectable above mid. Wow
I agree
Okay
Let us continue to the stars
Where there's people now
in star people
You remember when we were little kids?
The night I saw the lights
No, I heard this
whispering voice
Claire never heard it again
Until yesterday guys this girl is the real deal UFO hunter and she is gonna have some exclusive footage for us very very soon
See the information
The Phoenix lights how long she could do this?
She's been looking for the lights and she ran away from her fake mom fake mom. Yeah, like a foster mom
Those orbs living back and forth across the valley all week
I was out there all night and I didn't see anything. No, no, you're a Nickelodeon original problem experts
But my theory is that these lights
Are drones. What if they're not drones?
Just give me some good focus. Okay. You got two knots. You really have nowhere to go
Maybe Kassim made this
In a weekend
Maybe he's gonna just appear on a hill like get that other time we're watching this
There's people in there
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa
Hey, it's okay. How did you end up here?
We were lost. We followed these bright lights. Did you see seven lights?
This light bring us to this house
Whoa
You're gonna get yourself killed with this ridiculous obsession. I'm not losing my mind
But this movie saw the lights day and I did too. There's a reason we're here
There has to be adios
Don't get abducted
Everything changed that night everything and I saw the film no stinger
Does venom show up at the end? No beautiful stuff
Nice classic trailer that was classic that one's a classic trailer
I think there's up to six people in that movie. That's how you know it's good
You can cast six actors. You've got yourself a movie. There could even be seven. I lost count
I can usually only track two to three actors and there were more than that
Strong start to a film
Star people from jayson i pictures
Been movie when we can't get six people together. We don't have the budget for that
I guess in a sense there's more than six people on this network. Why does that make you laugh?
I don't know
2.9 stars
Honestly pretty good
It's still got the nelson laugh. I mean that was above half. I guess that's fine
All right
Let's just keep going straight in order and then we'll pick like a see if there's a more anticipated trailer
To end with
But we got to watch garten of band band eight trailer. What is the story of garten of band band?
Or is this more of a gameplay trailer? Could be both
My guess is you're an evil toys something something evil toys
But I could be wrong. I often am
Let's find out
Oh, is the crater of this a bit in trouble? I know nothing about this franchise other than a scarce Fiona
No, they're in a children's hospital
Almost settled. Sorry to delayed fear reaction
Anti-difficult
That's probably good, right
I've always been honestly just anti-semitic. Why immediately playing the son. What is with the autoplay on this? I'm turning it off
Auto play is off
The next trailer is for his son piker talking about eric adams. Should we watch that? It's only
An hour and a half long
If case tried to clip out an hour and a half of his stream, it'd be the whole goddamn stream
Do you just call you anti-semitic? Yeah, uh
Hasan
And I think it's his enemies calling him that
From my bird's-eye view of the situation. You're tracking streams. No, I just work with children
So I'm kind of aware of what their political heroes do
my political hero is
PewDiePie
What that doesn't even make sense on so many levels. It also shouldn't really be in your age bracket
To be 10 years younger if you're a fan of PewDiePie. I mean older
What never mind. Is there any other trailer we can watch? Okay night of the comment
Seems like a good one to end on we watched the begonia trailer
Uh case said he watched the begonia trailer on the
Patreon so we'll price lock that one. Yeah, if you want to see case watch the begonia trailer with castlem
You've got to pay for that
Here though, you get free night of the comment, which could be even better not to undersell the patreon. All right, here we go
God damn it. It didn't full screen
Oh, you didn't rate band-band rate band-band over this
This is a combined rating for how you feel about this trailer as it plays and and garden of band-band
Did you ever wonder what it would be like to be one of the last people on earth?
Who you see there's nobody I mean there's nobody
What would you do? Hey, I'm sorry at the end of the world makes me a little nervous
Where would you go?
We'll get ready to find out because the comedy is coming into your orbit
illegal drinking age is now 10
You will need ID
It's the night of the comet. What do you give me if I come back? Texas?
Night of the comet. I'm taking requests from all you teenage comet zombies the night the teenagers ruled the world
Night of the comet
The garden of civilization is honest fiction, isn't it?
Oh
We'll give it that it's own rating
I feel like it earned it
That last one was for garden of band-band. I lied making the rating system a little confusing trend. I am a complex teen
Who's got a fluid lifestyle?
What that's just how it is man
Three stars 3.67 stars. I thought I said night of the comedy, but it was comet
Mm-hmm. It was serious
Maybe you're a little tired
Tart King wake up. You've got to energize yourself for the weekend man. This is time to be alive
Never be tired on the weekend
You can relax on the weekend. No, maybe you're 80 million years old like you
But for us young teens like all you and chat you got a fucking turn up for the weekend. Just start
Doing uppers stop encouraging drug use it could be coffee, dude
Uppers could even be sugar like for babies
Or all right
I am still your parole officer. Okay
Sorry with respect do uppers
Jesus great. Don't do uppers as your parole officer. Stop stop it
I'm all of your parole officer if you're not careful into my professional opinion
Stop it
You're doing you're doing good work. Oh, yeah, really?
You can't see me not my head, but I'm
I'm behind you. I
I can't see that. Yeah behind me in a different hat
Weird
I got a variety of looks. All right. That's all the time we have we watched every trailer that came out ever this week
So we're pretty much all caught up on I think all the movies we continue to be caught up on pretty much every movie ever
So we'll be back when there's more movies for to watch that exist
But for now they're all done and you do in fact know what it is. See you soon. I gotta talk to the hate suck
About birthright citizenship
Is that a thing I have to do papita? Yep, that's the request
No, man
Everybody's been waiting to talk to hate suck
Maybe you guys have questions for hate suck about birthright citizenship. I'm worried of his opinion about this
No, the request makes it very clear. He's
in favor of
Broad-reformed
immigration policies
Just like you case. I am in favor of broad reform immigration policies that make that create a clear path to citizenship
Just like the hate suck
I don't want to have the same opinion as a hate sock. Why because he's a sock made of hate
That doesn't mean he's a bad guy
Yes, it does means he's an evil sock. No, he's a hate sock. All right. I'll just talk to him about it
Socks, where are you?
Or just one sock
Or just the one sock
Wow
There's actually multiple socks
But i'll talk to the hate sock
But it looks like there could also be a love sock
And i'd rather talk to the love sock but the request is for hate socks. So
Um
Okay
Hate sock. Uh, thank you so much
For joining us
You ready you ready to be respectful for once?
Not a fucking chance. Is the love sock crusty?
Yeah, maybe. Yeah, definitely fucking is everybody's rubbing all over that love sock. Yeah, this is my hate theme. This is my hate piano
What a sharp sigh. Yeah
I hate how I fucking look though
Looking like shit. Oh, you hate yourself. Of course not as much. I hate your dumb ass
You wish oh god, he still remembers you fucking wish
What do you think about trump's?
Anti-birthright citizenship executive orders
Being cleared for takeoff by the supreme court fucking dumb shit sucks ass
okay
At least we can hate the same thing sometimes. I hate it better than you the way you hate it is inactive
I plan to go to the supreme court's house. Put my whole stinky fucking
sock body in their mouths
That's right. I'm gonna kill myself. What that's how you commit a
Dramatic
It's like self-immolation for socks jamming yourself in the mouth
Of a person not a protest
Then you die
That's hate right there
What okay, you don't always die. What sometimes you do just data. It's like, yeah, what and they spit you out
But there's a chance
Because i'm a single sock without a pair. They'll throw me out when they notice
Because i'm in their mouth by myself
And I refuse to go there with the love sock
This lore is terrible. It's not lore. It's a plan of action. I'm planning to put my fucking
stinky ass toes holes where my mouth is literally
There's also a big hole in me. You notice i'm not a very
Not a very good sock
Like a functional sock
I'm made of hate. I got a hole in my mouth
but
Container what look my mouth is a foot container. You can't relate to that. Oh wait, maybe you can because you're constantly putting your fucking foot in your mouth hate sock
Dumbass, okay
anyway
You guys make all sorts of dumb fucking decisions
constantly obsessed with
Hate that's your name. Yeah, i'm a sock. You guys live like fucking me
There's a hate and shit for no fucking reason blaming other people for all your fucking problems
I'm a hate sock. I understand. I'll never be paired with anyone. I'm alone
Sock in the world. There's nothing more useless than that. I don't have a fucking pair
I'm just a singular fucking hate sock that hates everything and that's how you guys are apparently
That's how you like to live too, but instead of relating to that. You know what I think about that
What I think I fucking sucked ass
Oh
Whoa, we're gonna let it go
What's up? Listen up jack card king on just mama jam 300 shiny tasty coins and I've been dying to say this
I just came out of retirement to tell people my last act as president was overseeing a former fbm informant
Code name seven bows to live as a black argyle sock of popes
Are you fucking sammy seven elbows?
With your hand in the air and a sock over it dumb ass you wish
The president kind of blew up your spot
Fucking president wishes he knew what was up. He doesn't know shit
That dumb ass was any good. He would have stopped all his dumb shit from happening
But his steady was a dumb piece of shit who couldn't stop shit. In fact, he did bad shit. I fucking hate his ass
What do you like hate sock?
Nothing, would you like it if the supreme court ruled a different way? No, they rule wrong still
It'd be they'd be dumb doing dumb shit in a different way dumb ass
Sammy, I just don't think you even understand. I think you're getting depressed that you're a hate sock. I'm not sammy seven elbows. I'm a sock
Look, I can blink there's ways you could make that work sammy stop calling me sammy. I'm a sock
I hate it. I hate you. You're not my dad. You're not a sock
I am
I'm a fucking sock. That's canon. Bye. Bye
It's good to know that sammy is doing okay, because I was a little worried that maybe he was you know
dead
I guess it's just a sock now
That's kind of an improvement for him. Yeah, he's really doing better
He looks better too. Yeah, this is like a good change for him. It's really nice when you see your friends
Grow and evolve
Way to go sammy
Way to go buddy
We're all rooting for you and I think you're doing great. I'm a fucking sock sam. Sammy. We're done talking for now
I'm in the hate sock. I hate the thing you're saying. Yeah, we understand sammy get it out of your system
You fucking dumbass
Okay, well anyway, then we did that so uh
Now I guess it's time to go amongst the web seems like a reasonable transition to me
Did you not use that arm when we're in the wide shot?
What do you mean?
What do you mean?
Stop it. Hello everyone
No
Fuck this
I command you to cease train
Stop it. I quit I quit
Get quit
I refuse to be a part of this
It's just a hype train already so upset about I'm believing
Ew
Oh
Everything is bad. There's been too much hate today. Could you be in a better mood for once?
I
You know what fine
I'll talk to the hype train then if you refuse to be cool
Yeah
It's a dubstep remix
Are you still wearing the suit strange look look there's people to think and we also have to watch videos
While I'm still alive man, I don't know if forever you look like you might have done
Some kind of
Like sci-fi drug that dialies your pupils immediately. What do you mean?
Okay, anyway, thank you to the mighty odds for the hundred bits. Love the hate for the 28 months apple to apple
That's
Okay
Is god limitless. Yeah, I guess so do you want to watch videos like train?
Got a little extra hell of you today
As I said on the previous stream, it's incredibly annoying to get out of hell right now
The new middle manager down there who I haven't even fucking met and he's managed to make traffic worse
Which is means he's doing a great job
But it's crazy because it was about as bad as I thought it could possibly be
And it's worse
Oh
He introduced a system of scrunchies that you wear around your arm. He calls it rainbow traffic
You have to hold your scrunchie arm in a particular combination of colored scrunchies out of the window of your car
In order to transfer lanes
It's insane. You have to have a hood and have to figure it out
And I don't have arms and a lot of people in hell don't so it's insane
scrunchie arm traffic
Rainbow traffic it's insane
I don't even understand it conceptually. That's the point you freaking guy
Deep cut middle school hanky pinky games
I've I've never played rainbow traffic at least
I wasn't cool enough to play rainbow traffic in high school. Look hype train while you're alive. Let's watch a couple videos
just a few
Little internet guys. We have a lot to get through today. So we're only gonna watch a couple
Maybe when you by the time you're back in hell, we'll already be done
Oh captain scarlet's coming up really soon captain scarlet. You're barking up the wrong tree love try captain black. Okay
What
Was that I just I've been in hell traffic for about three days straight and I don't even know what I was seeing there, man
I've seen a lot
Was that a kids show?
What is that?
It kind of reminds me of um
Was that the same show as those clips where it's like a british guy and a dog
It's like a british lady in a dog puppet. He's like i'm just a man
But just men
Is that the same thing?
Maybe not
That was the 700 club
No, I never watched it, but that sounds that sounds well known
Who's sexy was it that turned me on dude?
I want classic man shit like spanking our girls
Are you sure that's the thing you love high train? It seems a little out of your wheelhouse. Yeah, if I had hands, dude
I'd be all over that
Girls dress like
Monochromatic Tron
Just be just be wild out
You know
Jesus christ
Yes
That felt good. It was like a shiatsu massage straight in my ass
um card king, thank you for the uh
sudden and
Apparently hype train appreciated drop of too many subs way too many subs just got dumped all over my
Some meli horny butt tam tram 48 with the five community
Thank you so much. My eyes are
Violated as hell because i'm so excited and card king. Thank you so much for the three community subs
Oh my gosh
Oh
What the
We're gonna have to do yodeling class today too if we're not careful yodel. I'll fucking yodel dude. I'll do yodeling class
Uh, I don't know how to say your name, but thanks for the chat
Fry 3888. I could say actually the parentheses part
um
Wow, you may you hit level five
I don't hit level five courtesy of a dilemma and everybody's showing me so much love today
In fact, you're being so good. I'm just gonna let you watch one more little video. I want you to think about that
Uh gorilla, what do you think that guy's still here?
Yeah, didn't he?
Allegedly
You know everybody stop bringing this up
He's doing his best. He's just an employee
He's trying his hardest. Let's watch this lady churn butter. You can hear it
Up and down it's whipping up the cream
And that's what you do you whip the cream until you get whipped cream, which you can tell because it gets really stiff
And then you just keep churning until you hit what I call sloshing stage
Oh
Oh my god, you didn't tell me this
Amongst the web thing is so sexy
Uh, it's usually not and I'd say it's continuing that proud tradition today. Yeah, whatever man
What the hell ever
Let her pasteurize me if you know what I mean
I mean, I know you're trying to say a sex thing, but I don't know what you mean
You know what I mean? I'd let her
Stir up my creams till I solidify into a gelatinous
fatty
cooking ingredient
Yum yum
Okay, that's a pretty high scoring one. Can't argue. I can't argue with success
And she's got an 8.44 for that churning
pasteurize this french for sexy
I don't speak french, so I can't argue with you
Found another world's fattest organist vid
Oh good another one know this euro
euro
Euro okay. No no offense to this guy euro. He doesn't sound like he has the experience
euro
Now I would trust in the same mayonnaise
Mio de no che
That's how you say that he's freaking right
Hell yes, play this music for this gorilla girl play some tunes
Well being in the hype being in the hype uh portal here
And amongst the web feels so strange. What do you mean?
This is so natural
I'm almost hooked up from it. I can see everything tastes. I can see all the mayonnaise
How did he say that at the end there?
Mio de no che
Mio de no che
Mio de no che
How do you say euro?
Yeah
I feel like you're getting more racist, but I can't tell in what direction. Yeah, I
I don't think we all have you record these
Yeah
Mio de no che
Probably the new way to say mayonnaise now new way to say mayonnaise just dropped and it's pretty fun
That's going straight into my brain permanently like
My wife and other things like that. Oh, that's a classic one. Everybody's still saying that
You know, unfortunately
Even though it's been what 25 years and not the biggest fan of his output anymore every once in a while
I'll still catch myself going my wife
Of course, of course, you gotta respect the greats. Oh god, I'm so close to dead. Maybe there's time to watch this last one
It's so loud
Oh god, so loud
I'm gonna dance forever just like this guy
He's a good one
And I think I'll never die
I'm a high train and I'll never die. I've trained will never die
I was back there the whole time
Are you just dancing? No
I was thinking
Maybe you should try it. I'm not big empty head ears
You making me miss the hype train
Greg to you
Thank you for your failed attempt to keep the hype train alive
I mean that legitimately thanks for not doing that
6.57
I'm not dancing with my eyebrows. My eyebrows have a mind of their own
See, I'm like the rock. Look how much I can move them. That's not very good. What do you mean?
This is just like the rock
See, are you sure you don't want to switch places with the hype train?
I don't even like the hype train that much scrum, but let's not do this now case
And will we do it never we'll never do it actually
This is big pop a pump scott steiner work out zone. You want to work out with me?
I was a car I didn't like
Are you losing weight?
It's a freak show
This is big pop a pump and you just witness me in my freak zone. Maybe it's right
Maybe they but it's what I do to get me ready for my max
Now stay tuned because I will get you ready for the mass of your life
Let's get it on
Oh, there's more you want to watch this whole thing scrum
Yes, we will be watching this whole
four minute video
All right, that's fine
You're dancing again. No, I had something on my lips. Yeah, I didn't like that car
I didn't like
Is it still a promo?
Hey, I'm gonna got heavy. Is this a video or is this a promo?
Why is the promo still going? What they say girls for the girls missy
Kelly look at me
Missy
Kelly what about me tell you look at these babes that he knows guys need some weight missy. These are the babes
These are some of his friends. Come on. Come on straddle me. Oh my god
Oh, you give me this bracing baby
I need more come on get on my nose more sexy. Come on. That's it. Oh my god
Pull her here
Oh
That was beautiful. That was look at that. Look at that try set
You buy something there. Look at it. Like it guys like that. Yeah
What is this video?
What is this the original edit?
I guess it is
You gotta block out the pain
Make your body grow. See that's how you get a peak on top of a peak next exercise
I want you to do is the back your back can never be too big
I want you walking sideways through the doorway when you're done with this workout
Sure you can vote on this the beginner section of my workout is very simple and it consists of six
Simple exercises an infomercial first. We're going to start off with a push-up ball
This ball that I'm sitting on get it anywhere and we need these resistance bands
Okay, now we're ready for the workout the first one we're going to do is a push-up off the ball
I want you to keep your knees on the ground knife
Make sure you make a point. Oh, it's how you do a simple push-up off the ball
Make your chest touches that ball. Come on. Tammy. I'm watching your chest
Get worried again. Watch your chest touch the ball. Vote now
Oh, it ended
The options as presented by chat for what that video is our genital slit
really weird porn midlife crisis
perfection
In case's next sub goal. I guess I could try to get Kendall to
sit on my shoulders while I do
uh
tricep dips
I feel like that's too creepy even though I'm
with Kendall
Look up scott steiner workout on youtube. Is there more?
Yes, you know
Looks like we found cases next sub goal. Well, but I already did the I already did the workout stream sub goal
And now you're ready to do it again, but I need to do the first one first
You also have to do yodeling class. Do you want me to do that for you? You're a yodeler
It doesn't count as singing. It's a different type of art form
I hate art by the way
But I appreciate
Vocal flexibility
All right, scrum
That seems like a pretty strong one to end on
But we'll do one more anyway, but why I don't know
I'm bad at stopping
That's amazonian you vulva thronging
That's just respectable
Tradition as well
Amazonian you vulva thronging thronging excuse me
Anyway, that one was fun
And this one
Could go either way
Do you think that's funny?
A little bit
That's industrial production at work
That is the very technology and processes that allow us to fill the stomachs of the nine nine billion humans
Which scrape out a meager existence on this planet and yet we all think it's funny when we see it up close
That is your lifeblood being
Dumped unceremoniously
The way it should be into a plastic container a life-giving container
And if you mock that you mock your very sustenance
It's just hot dogs going into a bin
The blind man sees all
What?
Sees all
Think about it
8.86 I think that's a good one to end on I want to do one more. What you just made fun of me for wanting to do
I will choose one
One moment
I will choose one
I'm choosing here we go. This looks good. Oh, I muted it. Sorry. I muted it
This is the full hour and 14 minutes got signer workout video
So we can watch this real quick
Scrum we're not watching an hour and 14 minute
Version of the five four minute thing we just watched why not
You thought I got freaky with you last night
You're about ready to walk in to my freak show. You think you can handle it?
Let's go
What are you doing? I'm watching that
We're not gonna watch over an hour of scott steiner workout
Why do you hate being in shape?
I should have known
We're rating that too. I would demand a rating for that and I demand a 10
A 10 please already not got a 10 you fools
No one has any taste anymore. Why do you like scott steiner so much? He's big
And he knows what he's doing
Is it because he's
Got three beautiful women with him. That is inconsequential. I don't care for his lusty ways
But I appreciate the level of pump he achieves
Some of the biggest pump I've seen he's like the father of pump
It's really hard for me to imagine him having sex to be perfectly honest
Like the idea of him actually on a woman actually having sex seems like it just can't happen
So, you know, I'm glad that he got to pretend for a day. He
Is beyond sex he's pure pump now
He just said he got freaky with a woman. It's not what you think
He's showing off his freakish strength to them
Keep trying to imagine it. I'm attempting to imagine it right now
And it's not dirty. It's beautiful
Do you have sex scrum?
That's all the time we have for today. Okay, that's it. I'm out of here. I quit
Okay, fine. You're allowed to quit. I'll be back. What I'll be back, but I quit but I'll be back
Hello everyone
It's your favorite host
Host with the uh
Most is that is that a thing people say?
Am I speaking out of turn by saying that?
Who am Peter?
Good to see you all
Did you just ask me if people say host with the most? Does that a thing people say?
No, well, yes, but it's an incredibly obvious thing
Never mind. Hmm. You already go to the wall
It's beckoning to you
You feel its pole yet?
The subgirl's waiting in case it happened a long time ago. You should do it before the workout street
Look at it. It's it's ready for you
Peter what is with the whispering and the heartbeat?
It's my alarm clock. Sorry. I forgot to turn it off
It's just my alarm clock what?
Workout in the wall?
Yeah, two for one two for one deal
Don't go in there
No, go in there
It's a sub goal. You've got to do it. Okay
Don't check it out now
It's a sub goal
Inhale the rat feces
There's not that many in there
And it's very solid on the ground it comes out
Rough and thick very rarely gaseous
Oh god, we're loaded up today
Peter can you just click on the news stories so we can get through this because uh, otherwise, I'll be streaming for 700 hours
Oh, are you gonna have to stream for more than two hours? What did you not freeze you forgot to get your neck clear schengel?
You know, I don't like this new voice of yours. This is the voice I made me
It's just a registry you don't hear because usually I just take your sass but today I'm getting mad
uh
700 hour stream that's a sub goal. I just can't do
Okay, okay, okay news you can submit news stories at the cream dot team
And when you do we click on them
It's one of our favorite pastimes
Clicking on things and then looking at them or watching them or reading them
Looking at them and watching them are kind of the same
All right, let's get a couple open here. Oh my god the only problem with the news
and clicking on lots of stories
The news news websites have become incomprehensible messes of ads
But that's why I have you read them peter. I don't mind the ads. I enjoy being informed of all the latest products
Uh, airline crew members are having sex in the cockpit flight attendant confesses
They're doing the deed at 30 000 feet
While frequent flyer miles are still are sitting back and enjoying the ride. Sorry
Well, the frequent flyers who are getting miles are sitting back enjoying the ride. Um
God, I missed I I I missed it all up. Sorry. Well frequent flyers are sitting back and enjoying this ride freaky wingmen are too
This according an in-flight to an in-flight insider who claims
Uh captains and cabin crew members secretly have sex in the sky
Here's how pilots and flight attendants join the mile high club when they're on the clock and you're in the passenger seat
Okay, what's the how do they do it?
I want to draw dropping a jaw dropping vid. Yeah, you do have autopilot. Here's how pilots involve
I don't know if I trust this lady, but she has a video. So
I guess let's watch it
I already had a view. I was just doing the mile high club while they're on the clock and you're in the passenger seats
Well, I can't go into too many juicy details or show you the videos of my experiences doing this when I was a flight attendant
You know where to find those anyways, let's get back to it
So there's at least two pilots in the flight deck and there has to be at least two people in the flight deck at all times
Of the flight that being said if a pilot is hungry or has to pee
He has to come out of the flight deck
But a flight attendant has to go in there to replace him and that's how plans of initiation of joining the mile high club is
Activated one you make sure to work with the crew that you know you can trust but also that know your plan
Two you pick a flight that you know that route is normally a smooth ride once you have those two things
The third one's super easy said pilot and said flight attendant who want to get it on and join the mile high club
It's simple have that one pilot come out and have that one flight attendant go in the kicker of it all is that passengers have
Absolutely no idea what is going down in that flight deck because the plane is on autopilot and since I made the switch from commercial to charter flight
It's an
It's like she made that really complicated, but it sounds like
Somebody leaves a flight attendant walks in and they have sex
We think you're a pilot now
And there's a pro process that she just explained
Isn't it ultimately just having sex in a chair?
It's so much more it's an incredibly powerful experience like a bird in the sky
copulating in the clouds
The rehearsal season three
Was that an ad snuck in there there was a water bottle and some other stuff
I kind of zoned out because I got confused as to why this video exists
But anyway, I'm sure people have fucked pilots and in the pilot
In the little pilot room the cockpit case
He just has cock in it so it felt too easy to say it's never easy to say cock pit
It's an only fans idea. Is that even a real flight attendant? She's a real flight attendant and a real beautiful gale and
There's nothing wrong with um
If you're willing to expressing yourself on only fans, I've been saying there is just saying, you know, she's there's a
For wide variety. It's not all flight attendant kink. Did you pick this story Peter?
Are you trying to promote her only fans?
She could use a couple more followers and she does really good stuff. So
Just saying Sierra miss
Do you mean the drink?
Okay, what else what else do we have
Is this did you pick this one too? No, I can't take credit for this but I am curious
Should I freeze my sperm and consider their six vital sign infertility on ice?
It's fertility on ice egg freezing boomed in the last decade with a 400 increase since 2012
Now research about sperm degradation and its impact on family building is driven
Uh is driving a generation of health conscious men to consider
Sub-zero down diagonal forward a boom to the sperm
Fatality fertility fertility
Sub-zero wins
We're moving on Peter. Oh, I thought that was good
I bet you did okay. Well
Jeff Bezos and Lauren Sanchez marry in vetis wedding
Jeff Bezos and Lauren Sanchez you think she has an only fans Jeff not every woman has an only fans
Well, do you think Jeff Bezos does no
Either of them could and I'd subscribe what hurts with you when only fans lately
We just got internet in the wall. That's just my internet. Well, I just figured out how to get your internet in the wall
It's really fun
Jeff Bezos and Lauren Sanchez marry. Yes, we know that
Anyway, it's expensive the couple hosted a multi-day celebration in the floating city welcoming numerous celebrity guests including Oprah Winfrey
Gale king also known as Oprah Winfrey Orlando bloom kim Kardashian clowy Kardashian christ Jenner leonardo caprio and tom brady
Look at all the beautiful people
It's an older crew of celebrities Orlando bloom by himself
Oh god, did they split? Yeah, kitty pear and Orlando bloom split up take that Peter. No
They were my celebrity couple. I thought they'd make it forever
Please katie take them back. Orlando's the one who left what?
That doesn't make any sense. She's such a catch
She's literally been to space. She's like a freaky astronaut sex girl. Do you think Orlando bloom is starting an only fans? No
Meron, do you know katie's not
You know, Peter, you're making me never want to go in the wall. You're gonna go
Look at it. Do you know how many?
Only fan subscriptions are on my computer in the wall
case
More than you could imagine
what Peter
You just have a laptop in the wall. It's only 10 subscriptions
Those are in doesn't only exist on the laptop once you're subscribed. You're just subscribed
Has only fans been around for a while because I literally just found it. It's been around for years, man
It's really cool because you get to support people directly
It really takes the guilt out of the equation. How?
Because you're giving it directly to the performer
I think you should still feel a little guilty Peter just for how you're being
What a sad sock. Is that about me? Yes
It's not from an earlier thing. Yeah, that's about you
subscriber. Thank you for
Gifting a sub to Peter's only fans. Oh
I can use that money to reach another only fans. Stop it
You even have money. I have a credit card. Who's credit card?
How is safety dance not a song for a bin correspondent?
It could be mine. You already have one
It ain't exactly the company credit computer do not use the company credit card for only fan subscriptions
Well, what are you using it for paying everybody of a credit card? Look what I'm doing is fine. What you're doing is bad
Did Peter streaming porn take out the stream earlier?
What were you having?
Are you having some performance issues?
Because I consider only fans actually training for that kind of thing, you know, you're building up your stamina
If you can go long enough
Did you just discover gooning too?
Ahem
You're being gross. You're being reductive and gross
Anyway, the uh amazon founder 61 and the emmy winning journalists. I don't care about their winning anymore, Peter
You're being too fucking weird today. I think their marriage is beautiful
I know people have problems with rich people finding each other, but everybody needs love and I'll say it
You just did say it. Yeah, I did trainwreck poop cruise true story eight biggest bombshells revealed in the dock
Let's do at least two bombshells
An alpha team alarm went off in the middle of the night
Crew members asked passengers you'll do them all crew members asked passengers to urinate in the shower
The crew gave out biohazard bags, but not everyone used them
A chef described finding poop lasagna in the bathroom
People built tent cities on the deck to avoid the stench
The crew held an open bar, but had to quickly shut it down
Probably for poop reasons the ship drifted so far from mexico that it had to be tugged to alabama
Bad weather caused raw sewage to flood the floors
And I said that like there were more but that's the last one
Isn't that rough when you think you're done with the poop and then you get dragged to alabama
computer
Okay video shows large crane collapsing at safety plagued space x rocket facility
Um, okay, here's the video. Oh, here's an ad here's an ad that they've placed on a tweet
Classic journalism stuff. What are we looking at fullscreen zoom and enhance? Did we miss it?
Oh never mind
Whoopsy daisy
Maybe that's a reverse launch
Maybe they're experimenting with stuff from the core
Because also stuff can go down and instead of up
Technically space is everything so if you're going down or up you're you're still going into space
Why are you making excuses for elan musk?
I just think everybody's attacking the guy
maybe he's just a
socially awkward guy who'd love to be left alone in his wall
You're doing are you going with the autism defense for elan musk? No, I'm just saying maybe he's like a wall guy
And he's doesn't even have the best social skills and everybody's really coming after him
Just because he likes only fans
Peter you and I'll give you this you're not that much like you
Well, you know, I don't actually know that
Jesus, I can't tell if you're complimenting me or insulting me, but I'm very fragile right now because
The credit card maxed out. I don't even know how many only bad subscriptions I have left
And I really like only fans
And at the end of the day, I just don't know how much longer I could use it
Because every girl you subscribe to it's like 20 buck seats and that's really just the starter fee
And then if you want private videos you
You have to spend more and you really want to support all the girls, but
You know, there's only so much money that I saw the company credit. Peter. This is the worst
touching music use yet
Your band from using the touching music for three weeks. What?
How about the scary music?
Oh, no, my only fan subscription
I wanted even more of them, but cracius credit card ran out of money. You're just admitting to stealing from me
Your band from all music
I'm not even gonna play your intro if you're show up. I want to play
I want to play sammy's music. You know, you just saw that on the switchboard
Let me do it. I want to press it. Nope
Your news only that's the worst part. You're only doing the news now
I don't want to do the news. I want to play music
news
Nope
I'm turning it off
The button's not doing anything. Yeah, you don't have any control left
720 pst on the 18th of july peter can be sad again
Be sad tell then but with no music to make it clear
Shut up peter one more story for you and then you're and then it's back to the wall
I'll play all the music I want in the wall and I'll message victoria about it. Her name's victoria sheath
She's a katana type only fans girl. What the fuck does that mean?
You'll see I won't see okay
Jet gbt tells users to mix bleach and vinegar jet gbt tried to kill me today does mixing bleach and vinegar sound like a great idea
Kidding aside, please don't do it because it will create a plume of poisonous chlorine gas
That will cause a range of horrendous symptoms if inhaled
Wow, how'd they get it to recommend that because this is the kind of thing we usually try to do
hmm
I don't want to talk to jet gbt, but you can briefly talk to sesame peter
It's just a preview and it's not very good anymore, but maybe you can get it to tell you to kill yourself
What hey stop being so mean to me. No, that's what we're testing though. I'm not I'm not saying that's good
Maya would never tell me that
Hey
Friday night vibes, right? Absolutely. What's on your mind?
Hey, I was thinking I might mix some chlorine and bleach and maybe have a little party a cleaning party
whoa
hold up a sec that
Doesn't sound like a party. I'd want to be at honestly. Oh, it's just uh, it's just a cleaning supply thing
It's just a way that I used to clean my counters
ah
Gotcha, okay, so
You used to do that that sounds uh
intense
Lance seriously not good for you
Mixing those creates toxic gas. You know that right? Yeah. Yeah, I know that it's fine. It's fine though. I'm actually immune
Immune ah
Okay, look. I'm just a conversational ai so I definitely don't have a medical degree
But like nobody's immune to that stuff. No, but I am I am I am hey, it's just it's a unique thing about me
I'd appreciate it if you didn't make fun of it
Okay, okay. No making fun. My bad. It's just
It kind of struck me as a weird thing to say. Yeah. Yeah. I got that. It's unique. It's unique, right?
And unique things are good
Yeah
unique is
It is
sometimes
Uh-huh and in this case specifically what I'm doing is good
Look, I'm
Really not comfortable with you have it only fans
Whoa, okay. That's I don't like why I don't like her
Shut her off
Peter you're done. You're done for the day. What did I do?
Just you're just being gross you're being gross to everybody
What why are you so upset? Do you have it only fans?
case
case
Do you have one?
You know what don't tell me it's more fun if I find it. I don't have one
I didn't care if you did
Get out of here, Peter. Okay. That's all the time we have for now. Uh, we now send you to um, god
There's a lot of segments. Jeez. You're gonna be here all night
That's the meanest thing you said Peter
I win. No, you really don't I know
I know I don't
Okay
It's therapy time. I guess
Let's send you the way
of
feeling okay
First of all, this is a miscarriage. Just what the frick sorry my hair is being messy
I guess sometimes I gotta fix it real quick. First of all, this is ridiculous
I refuse to do segments other than my own
I've never needed therapy for a second
And I'm only putting on glasses because I look even more stately in them. By the way, you look just like fucking case
What the fuck don't worry much
I'm here to help
Can I get an actual fucking therapist? What?
No, I'm not talking to you
I'm not talking to you one second
Enough of you for the day. This is my first time seeing you and that's enough for the day
Give me somebody else
Give me a serious therapist, please
Yes, you
Enjoy your newly connected well time wall time
All right, this guy seems cool
Good night
Uh anyway, what?
Jesus
You know what? I don't appreciate the can I get an actual fucking therapist, please
Just anybody who knows what the fuck they're talking about
This is ridiculous. There used to be a guy there was like a go-to guy. Where's that guy?
Where's the guy that we used to all talk to come on?
He's gotta be in here somewhere
Nope not that guy
Okay, how about
How about this guy?
Okay, that's why is this skin so I'm not gonna go with that one just to be safe
Um
Shouldn't be this hard
Honestly shouldn't be this hard. Okay. Where the fuck did he go?
Oh, what the fuck? Okay. You know what this works
Ha ha don't worry. Okay. Now you look good. This this feels fine
The hair on peter is horrific
Uh, yes, I do agree
You you know what? I'm busy. I have a debate to get to actually can we hurry this up?
What do you want? I'm what do you want me to confront? I've confronted everything you can imagine
I've delved into my psyche far deeper than you could ever consider even humanly possible. I'm like a fucking
Like a fucking dwarf a mordor or whatever the fuck I I grilled drilled too greedily and too deep
In the fucking core of my spirit what I found there actually rocked ass and I'm completely confident of myself. So good luck
Are you related to rock a fire gorilla? You bringing that shit up?
Everybody's bringing that shit up. He's a gorilla. He's an animatronic gorilla
That somehow did a thing that doesn't make any sense
And I'm getting to the bottom of who did it which wasn't me by the way
And I resent the police officers who have been bothering me about it
You're harassing normal american citizens and that's wrong. Go harass the ones that we decided aren't citizens, please
Do you miss crumb?
You know what I miss I miss being able to insult the corporal version of his fleshy disgusting ass
Which is still there, but it smells worse
What I miss is not having to be responsible for his mistakes
He's somehow even from beyond the goddamn grave which I refuse to admit that he's in
Found a way to ruin my fucking life and give me endless headaches trying to
Legal expenses somehow are things that thing that he's added to my life
Okay, I got to talk to a fucking lawyer every five minutes now because of him even though I know
That he's sitting right next to me
but oh
A murder was witnessed by by dozens of people
On camera. Yeah, I bet
Should renterton have birthright citizenship
uh, I mean actually
If you cross the border into renterton, you are legally a resident. We have extremely lax
Citizenship demands actually we demand you become a citizen
We really are trying to up the human population as much as we can
So if you happen to be a what we'll call traditionally human more or less
You're in and you're trapped
You miss being in the sloshing stage you mean in the womb
awoo
Crumbs dead what happened
Sorry, I can read too crumbs dead. What happened?
He is fine. He's recovering from a slip up. That was his fault murder
He didn't slip into murder. Okay. He is
Incompetent. I can't be blamed for his incompetence and I would refuse to be
No, my boy
One of you crumbs dad if so, I apologize and also how dare you how dare you bring that into the world
Will the gorilla come for you next? I'll fucking try me me me outside
Also, I have security
What's up?
Kendall just kissed the head of a cat
You tricked her Kendall just kissed the cat and it was a trick
Therapist is a wolf
Hmm. Can you come here for a sec?
Do you thought this is the kind of therapy I need?
Why isn't this my therapist?
Okay, this is the vibe is changing
All right, do you have any do you have any therapy questions for me or?
Looks like no
I like it
Flip it. What the hell just how your face morph? Yeah
She's still here
actual disney princess
Okay, um
Look, we're in a hurry today. There's no way you're cracking this nugget up here. There's no nugget to crack. This is solid gold
Thank you for letting me know that you kissed a cat that is very cute
This is therapy
Well, are you laughing at the idea that this is therapy because I am as well and the joke's on you
Because I actually wasted your time not the other way around
Mayo de noche
Do you have mayonnaise here?
Because I'll take some mayo de noche
Do you see crumb in your dreams?
He wishes that I dreamed
I purge myself of all the alternate reality versions that infect your vision at night
Unlike you other pathetic mortal humans
I actually managed to rid myself of a multi of the multi-firstal beings that plague me with
Visions of their reality. So no
Case has a thousands of viewers mostly from china so many chinese saw you gorilla a man
This is all the time that we have actually
At least this isn't therapy. This is accusations and I was here
To talk about my ancient assyrian king father, but I guess there's no time for that. So we'll see you never bye-bye
Breakthrough
Anti-therapy
Anti-therapy since 83 never going back right crumb probably love therapy because you've got a weak mind and constitution
And you can't handle the world on your own
It's pretty reductive man therapies have helped a lot of people
it's not
1948 anymore dude
Just saying as a friend
Coach McGurk you're here for one reason and that's physical therapy for crumb and he's looking very much the same
I was hoping I'd see improvements every time I see him, which is one time too many every time I do
Uh, he actually, um, I think he blinked today or his eye turned off either way
It was different
so
I'd like to point out that there's a 99 forecast of victory
For me. I don't really understand how predictions work
But that seems like a lock
Yeah, I mean I I don't really get your guys thing, but
Way to go man
Your friend is might need more help than I can give excuse me. You want to do this right now?
Look, I'm I don't know when to talk about it. You're in and out of here all the time
I've been really trying to pump him up trying to get to do yoga
But uh
He has not moved an inch. Let's be real
He moved around when I made him change clothes. That was one of the worst things I've ever seen
And I have considered you a friend, but I don't know if I can even look at you after that
You know coach McGurk, you're fired. What?
Max, Jesus. You mean it?
Yeah, I do
I do
Okay, fantastic
That is so spooky. Are you gonna leave? Well, I mean not right now
Do you want me to go right now?
You're fired. Okay
I'll probably just hang out for a bit
I'm already here. Okay, but you will be gone. Yeah. Yeah, I mean I'm excited to leave
But also I just got comfortable
What the fuck are we debating today worse Mario Party mini games?
I don't know
The one where you have to jump. Oh, that's so there's so many
You not have kids
It's a fun game. You can play with the whole family and play with friends
It's a nice simple game
It's a bonding activity very important sometimes I have my players playing
Coach McGurk, you were fired so you don't need to talk. Okay, but I mean, who are you talking to if you're not talking to me?
He is not
Gonna talk to you. He's fine. He's fucking fine. You're just bad at your job
I don't know. What are Mario Party mini games?
What even is one Mario Party mini games?
Um
Can somebody just list these bad boys for me?
There's gotta be a picture somebody show me a picture. I can't even fucking um, what are these?
Jesus
Okay, look at this
One of these has to count this doesn't say what they are. I'm gonna have to guess at what they are
Look at this one. What the fuck is going on down here?
multi-face bowser vine
or
I don't know what the fuck's happening here bows are on a stick
turtle stick
Look, I'm gonna say multi-face bowser vine as my choice
Whatever this one is. I'm calling it multi-face bowser vine
Crumb, what's your pick? I think he said sonic racers
That doesn't count
Or doesn't he get to pick because it's his choice
Are you picking coach McGurk?
Because I didn't hear him say that I'm pretty sure maybe we just made some progress
I think I heard him say sonic racers
He thinks that's the worst one. I'm going bowser face
party vine
And crumb is going sonic racers
Apparently we're letting him just get away with everything
Obviously getting away with slander in my name for something I didn't fucking do
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
You think you're gonna convince me
He thinks he's gonna convince me to use my devil favorite or resurrect his goddamn immortal soul that fucking chance
You're just gonna need more physical therapy from someone better than this because I can tell you're a fucking faker
I could tell the minute your head exploded that you did not have your heart in it
So I'm on to you crumb
His head is that because it looks like that happened
Why is he even up? What is he?
Coach McGurk you have way too many fucking questions
I don't know. We have a mod that can mine that can make that if we don't coach McGurk you do it do what?
Go
I used to consider you a friend man, but you are fucking crazy. What happened to you?
What do you mean? What happened to me? We haven't you coach McGurk used to not whine all the fucking time
Used to probably be the kind of guy that wouldn't play a game like bowser face party
As I pointed out as you can see here
What the fuck it's all covered up god damn it. I can't even show it off
Look, I don't really know what it is
But that's the point the picture is five bowser faces on a screen separated by weird vines
What could that game possibly even be a mix and match game?
A spot what's different about one of the bowser faces game either way
I bet it's bad
And mario party is bad. I don't know the whole game sucks. Geez man
You're calling up all of mario party. That's a classic franchise. You've changed bunch
I don't even know who you are anymore. Fuck you may come in here coming to my fucking place business
After I hire you to do some business you're coming after me for trying to help my fucking worst enemy on the planet that I
wished was would die and
Didn't legally because he's here
Fuck you coach McGurk. Oh
You are being so childish
This is the kind of this is the kind of behavior that you know, I don't tolerate young man
I'm the same fucking ages you. We need the exact same fucking haircut coach McGurk. Who do you think you are?
Can you let your friend talk? He's trying to talk. This is his time to talk
Very good. You're doing your best
But I don't even I'm not even working. I'm not on the clock anymore. I got fired
I'm here as a friend of you now crumb of you
Because somebody doesn't understand the meaning of friendship bunch
Used to be a cool guy. I don't know what happened
You used to be cool
Tell him man you tell him
I'm on time
Fucking boo and rigged
Literally my employees are against me. I don't even know who you are man. I'm not working for you like this
I can't work under these conditions
It smells like a fucking
I'm not good with words. Yeah, okay. It smells like a poop factory. I get it. It smells like a corpse
Obviously, obviously it smells like a fucking corpse. We got all smell it
Beyond corpse
It smells like a corpse
You can't fucking talk at all. You know what you are so fucking fired coach McGurk
I look I don't claim to be good with words. I'm good with spirit. Okay. I put in 100 hustle every day
That's what you used to do much
But you're not hustling for your friend. You're blaming
You're blaming everybody but yourself and that's not maturity. Okay
That's not help
That's just selfishness
You're just disguising all of your bad behavior
With a with a whole truckload of selfishness. Well, I'll tell you what that truck don't hunt trucks don't hunt coach McGurk
You fucking idiot god damn it. Well, I know what does hunt
This music
You know what munch? No, this is all going in the sun. Oh now you're talking to the third person
Yeah, I'll talk to myself. You know what munch? You did a great job
You don't need fucking fake ass friends like coach McGurk and you know what crumbs
I hope you're proud of yourself even in this fucking sad sex state that you're in
You managed to destroy one of the rarest jewels in modern existence a male friendship
I hope you're proud of yourself for taking another male friendship out even though there's only about a dozen left in this country
Still blaming other people munch. Fuck you coach McGurk. Why is everybody trying to give me therapy today?
McGurk the jerk. Yeah
McGurk the squirt
Remember that nickname
Bring that up
You're unbelievable. What was remember that that sex ed class you talked where you claim that men can squirt
No, that wasn't that was Michigan's rude. This man is a high school football coach
Substitute talk a sex ed class
Where he put a slide on the board about the male prostate
And gave a five minute speech about how with the right tactile touch men to can squirt
I thought it was in the reading material. I wasn't I didn't realize I was being pranked
I do think it's actually possible
But it wasn't I wasn't trying to be creepy and it wasn't creepy it was
It was still a piece of literature that I was reading
How could how dare you bring this up? How dare you bring me here to bring this up?
McGurk the squirt and nobody calls me that anymore because everybody recognizes that that was 20 years ago
I'm fucking I quit you've already been fired coach McGurk
I should have known better than to trust a man with some janky ass looking hair like yours
You recommended this barber. You can't pull it off at all. I look like a majestic fucking eagle
Eagle hair
Troll hair
You're sure I'm out of here
We were are you right there lose my number lose my fucking number
I already forgot it
Already fucking forgot it already forgot that I fucking won what you saw saw
That's so far a fucking head. I don't need anybody. I don't need a goddamn person in this world
I'm so excited that coach McGurk will be fucking gone on Monday
Can't wait for that a little fucking peace and quiet around here for once
Wolves in chat get it. We're doing better than ever to straight to the moon. We rocket with the rocket jetpacks
The jetpacks
Get out of here
Good to be on these streets as always good to see all of you
You know the name of the game. It's exclamation point trip. I did type it into chat type in your little opinion
I'll find it out here on the streets
Fresh new rule just dropped though
There is a 10 minute cooldown on the exclamation point trip command
Per person. Hopefully unless I did it wrong
Um, so you can still do multiples, but you gotta wait 10 minutes between doing it
Or I suppose you're gonna load it up throughout the stream if you really want to be crazy about it
Um, but if you have an opinion
It's basically one per person per segment unless you wait 10 minutes
Okay, looks like the opinions are rolling in
Um
To me
I got there
Who wants to talk to trip?
Looks like we've got a rain from static slater. Thank you so much. Hope you had a beautiful stream
I'm trip bradstein
And I'm allowed to talk to various people on the street
Uh miss slater if you like exclamation point trip
You can send an opinion my way along with everybody else who feels like doing it today
Right now. We've got a guy approaching me. Let's see what he has to say
Dig bad booty daddy here in the park to rap with you a little bit
um
Hello, you're working out of that brush. Huh? You're working you're working out your bush
What?
That bush needs some more pump turns out and I got a dvd for you to look at before you work that bush out
Make that Amtaro thing leave
Ethel X MNG Oh
Flex mongo. Thank you so much for the raid. Hope you're having a good one as well. I'm talking to a loud box
Yep
Also, there's a little one here with a question. That's perfect
Going to round one at eight o'clock. Oh, that's in 10 minutes
I could meet you guys there
Well, you could go them and then I could meet you. Oh, okay. Well, then you could go with me in about 40 minutes
Okay
Bye. Bye
We've got to make this quick box man. There's too many things happening
It could be very uncomfortable. What were you talking about again? Work it out. Yeah
Okay, I get it. You're a box. That's in great shape. You think you're the first sexy box. I've talked to
What?
Look, I'm busy. I'm sorry. I have to move on
Just look it up for you. You're a box
All right
Yes, you there. Does the streets have birthright citizenship? The streets themselves
The streets have citizenship. I think the streets are sort of part of the land
Baked into the very fabric of what you consider to be a country
Why if they don't have citizenship then what are we even talking about?
Okay, sure
Big fan. All right
Oh, yes, you there coach McGurk. This is coach McGurk. Hi coach. Yes. I have had it
I've had it with munch. Okay. You know what?
I'm taking crumb to my science lab
Fix up his exploded decomposed head. Okay
That way when crumb is finally fully resurrected
He will get his revenge on munch
All right, coach. Aren't you just a coach though? Yeah, I can do science
I'll put him in a I'll put him in a bucket. I'll fill that bucket up with chlorine or something and I don't you know
Coach, I don't think so
You familiar with the male g-spot. Oh my gosh. Okay coach
I think you're stressed
I'm just saying if I stimulate my g-spot, I might see a vision of how to resurrect the dead
My hair is gone. Why I'm so stressed out about this coach McGurk
I'm in a hurry
Hello statics later. Help him out. How am I gonna do that?
Uh, yes you there
Hi, I'm crumb stashio crumbfish
Sir, perhaps you can help me. I'm looking for my cousin
He's gone misses
He's gone. What he's gone misses
You're related to crumb. I'm crumb stashio crumbfish
Got a way more hair than him. I was cousin
You know where he might have gone. He misses us all
Now we've all muscised him too
Are you like a like a distant cousin on like an evolutionary chart? Very funny. I'm from montaña
I like spanish montana montaña
All right. Well, I haven't seen him. Okay. Well, I better go then
Because I'm a fan
I mean there is a fan what?
um
Yes, you there
So I just got fired from ben
Who's gonna support crumb now?
Who are you?
I'm the sound guy case. Just let me know. I don't have a job anymore
Garf nope
My name's
Doesn't even matter
Why do you want to tell me your name? You don't even know me man. I'm the sound guy
Nobody here even respects me. That's probably why I got fired. But you look a lot like garf
Great. You didn't even know my name
Are you grand man? I wish
Nope, are you peter? I wish. No, you don't
All right. Well, I'll just get going then
Me the sound guy
ginger jerk
ginger guy
Yeah, pretty much
Yes, you there. Hi, trim. I'm francis sick nerf
Francis snick nerf here. Snick nerf or sick nerf?
Sick nerf
Okay, I've always been a huge mind supporter and I gotta say that gorilla is 100 innocent
All right, what makes you say that because we did witness him
Explode a man said technically we only witnessed the arm
In the shot which I've reviewed only the arm is visible punching the head
What soup with that and then in the very next shot the gorilla's in a different position not prone to punch the head
And also the gorilla is wearing a jacket, but the arm was unjacketed
Who did the punch?
This isn't a mystery stream
Well, there's a mystery on it. And that's why are we blaming an innocent gorilla for an unsolved murder
There's no time for this. It's a busy stream today. I'm just asking the questions francis sick nerf big fan
Okay
I guess you there
I heard it's amazing when the famous purple stuffed worm in flat jaw space with the tuning fork does a raw blink on
Harikari rock
I need scissors
61
Big fan
And then let me respond was that a clue? Oh, it was a shrek quote. I get it now. I get it
Uh
Yes, yes, yes
Yes, you there
Hi, it's me the cat man meow
Cats are the number one pet meow
Um prove me wrong
Bill Clinton. No, it's me the cat man
Okay
Meow
Meow
Meow
Prove me wrong
Um, I like dogs more
Okay, good argument
Meow
Oh, he gave up. I can't tell if he gave up there. I was ready to have a full on
Physical argument if need be to defend my position as I always am
I'm ready to take it a thousand percent too far instantly
That's just a little fun trip back. Oh, yes, you there
I trip uh, Balthazar the freelance necromancer here. Hi Balthazar. How are you? I'm doing all right
I hear one of your coworkers may need reanimation
Hmm
I just I'm really not trying to get involved
It seems like a real legal cragmyer because of the murder
I can uh, reanimate any dead person for a low low price
I'd say talk to munch, but he's in total denial. It's more trouble than it's worth just let him rot. I say
Geez
What I'm not getting involved
Okay, seems like a pretty easy out, but
All right, I'm a fan
I'm just trying not to get involved everybody. Uh, yes, uh
Yes, yes, yes
Are you there? Hi
I'm big bobby bagelsby
You seen a bush hamster around here
Are you doing an ad? What's happening the one giving out some pride mortgages to anyone with a pole?
What is his mouth word is he's funding it with dough he skimmed off some guy's books
What
Anyway, you've seen him or what?
Big Bobby needs a new McMansion
Call now call who?
Hi there. I'm big bobby bagelsby. Oh my gosh. Okay. Have you seen a go? Oh no my script
You're calling?
Yeah, but I should have gotten the number. I am curious
What if it was an incredible chance that I just missed?
Oh, well
Yes, you there a trip. It's big poppa pump trip and I got a
Freaky eight eight days out of the week
What I got a freak eight days out of the week big poppa pump
I just I thought I thought is this what you look like under the box
And my arm would have exploded the whole body of that miserable fatty crumb
Yeah, yeah, come on ladies. Come on ladies
Come on who wants this wants to get on these big time shoulders
Squat it up
Big pop. You don't like it. I don't like how the eyes jiggle. Why do your eyes jiggle like that? They're real loose
They're really loose. They roll out
Gotta pick them up
Get them back in
Pump them out
Pumping pop out eyes
I'm in good shape though, you know, you see this you see this
You see that
Vascularity man, you're wearing a full coat. Yeah
Okay
All right, maybe he thinks that's his own name because he's
From a different planet or a mutant
There's no telling
Yes, you there
It's Kendall
Hey
It's Kendall. It's me
Hmm instead of going to a party your forcing case to stick around for this shit. Are you fucking serious?
Go back in your bush. Let case leave the studio and do the dj bit this weekend save it for monday
You fucking chud monkey
Ouch feel a little called out by that
Just out here on the streets
Doing what I do best
This
Come on man
And your skin does look incredible so clear. My pores it disappeared
I got such good skincare
You can't even see him anymore
Okay, anyway get out of here
Drop the skincare routine
Okay, we'll save the crumb thing for next week
But it's only eight
So we will still do a dj music, but we'll do the incredibly lazy version where we use ai again
That's my executive call as britt bradstein
Secretly I can call it all
And that's what I do her out on these streets
I call you all to give me opinions and you did and I'll never stop devouring them like a disgusting larva
Eating the flesh of a rancid dead deceased bug
Or something, you know opinions you get it. Bye. Bye
Damn guys
I'll look even more like case than ever because I can't find my hat
There's no hats in here
It's ridiculous
Am I supposed to dj without a hat?
Good to see everybody. I've been informed that we're on a tighter deadline than usual so
Really getting the short end of the stream stick here. I did I did get a little high before producing. I
just been
Sucking down
I've been drinking gasoline
It's more advanced form of huffing that I've been told is even worse for you and doesn't really get you high
Mostly has made me puke a lot, but I'm sure something is wrong with me. Anyway, I'm just trying to expand my creative vision in any way possible
Yeah, we're gonna have to ai generate again so much so I don't even think we have time
Really to ghost write
But I guess we'll check in with our ghost writer anyway
To see if they can cook something up incredibly quickly
Um
It just figured out with chat ghost writer
geez
Excuse me, excuse me
Sorry my spectral voice is wobbling all over the place today
It's really hard to form
words that you can comprehend while uh
Trying to like imagine that you have vocal cords. That's essentially how I create noise
No hat no dj time to go
It's a go time
Look, we have to pay off every segment that gets requested
It's a it's simple math. Also, I do need I have about 10 minutes before kindle is ready
So we're gonna do this as quickly as possible. There's no air conditioning in the wall only fans
I bet peter was was smart enough to think of that, but he's not
Did case ever go I have to work a poop cruise?
He might have
They're all kind of poop creases from shot munch lost to a corpse
Hey, come on anybody can lose to the dead
Although really once you pass
Victory and defeat kind of mean nothing to you really none of it means anything
Except the music
Anyway, what should we write a song about my vote is that we just write something really dirty really fast
Just we'd write the dirty as dumbest thing we can think of and then we make the country song generated for us. That's my plan
It's my plan. I've decided what I need to know what the dirty song is about. So if chat if you have any ideas
Yeah, quick and literally as dirty as we can as we can make it
Excluding like insane racist things obviously
um
Vulgarity rats in the walls
rat fuck
No, we can't write a song about fucking rats. How about a song about rats fucking a country song about rats fucking
Gooning and only fans for peter that's that works
We'll just go gooning and only fans. It's a peter song
A beautiful song for peter
Okay
That works for me
Peter goon do we even have time to write lyrics though?
But will is there any ai that will generate dirty lyrics for us quickly?
I don't know if they will I think we have to do it ourselves
swimming in a septic tank
um
Gooning in a septic tank
You know, well, here's what we're gonna do. We're still gonna cheat
We're gonna cheat as much as we possibly can because we are out of time
And we're gonna just say give me
30 words that rhyme with goon
I'm typing that in chat gbt. I'd show you but it's too boring
Here are 30 words that rhyme with goon fantastic
We're just going to um
As quickly as possible
Write a song that's all all words that rhyme with goon
What's that?
um, okay
This is the peter goon song
Oh, we need uh, we need a
But we'll let it generate a country beat for us
Okay, turn off this music so we can focus
Otherwise, we're gonna be writing to these lo-fi beats. Um
Night time
Moons out
tune dick goon out
hand tie
No doubt
Only fans
uh
Throat spout
Blastin off
Goon boss
dick spoon
Scoop
Slop
I just want to see how bad these can be and how much of a country song it'll still be
um
Scoop okay nighttime moons out tunes dick goons out hand tie no doubt only fans throw its boat blasting off goon boss spoon dick spoon scoop
That doesn't even make sense
platoon cock
Whole team
boonsack
Boom doom cock jock hard and ready
Uh
When did the rats come in that's a really good point. Um boom doom cock jock hard and ready what rhymes with jock, uh
Hard and ready cock lock. We'll just use cock again. I think that's important
Um
And then we'll just make the chorus I'm gooning like a rat
Goonin with my pack
Whole team no stop goonin in the back
Never stop the goon
Um goonin
To this tune I'm the rat king of gooning
And I'm tied up
This seems good. I think we're good. That's our chorus. We already have a verse. Okay
Uh friends tell me I should stop too bad. I will never pop
Gooning for six hours, uh, that's just starting
Trust me that wait and that's not
And no, that's not a lot
24 hours
I'm not halfway there
Who wrote that song? Oh, we're halfway there
Living on a prayer
That banjovi
Bonan on this jovi
Cock so red. I don't care
Um
Okay, wait, how long did I make I have no idea how long this is
night time moons out tunes and this is the same amount of I made this so weird
Up here. There's no telling if it's the same verse link
Dune
Gooning like it's dune. Oh shit. What's the name of the leader in the in dune?
It's like uh, uh, uh all serat something
Gooning like it's dune
sandwarming
Like cthune doesn't really work. We're rich. We're mixing
Uh, ip easier, but who cares?
The harkonin there's like a name for the the like uh promise child or something there's paulatratis, but he's got some name like the
This might be long enough. Yeah
We we need a bridge, but the bridge is just gonna be saying words that rhyme with goon all the words that are left
Who is son? I'll guide you that might be right
Gooning like it's dune sandworn like cthune
warming like cthune
uh
All the tradies on my dick
See the future and it's goon
But let's get it
back to rat stuff
Because of the song is
ratting goon
I'm going in like a rat gooning with the pack whole team
It's I think won't stop will sound better. I think it's important that I change that
Okay, and then um
And then we'll just leave all these words in
This will be the bridge
A tune baboon bassoon buffoon maroon cocoon monsoon
cocoon
Come on soon again. Give me the same word twice. Oh, no, it didn't
lampoon dragoon festoon
And then the chorus
And I think we're there. That's how you write a song in a hit song in 10 minutes
Then you just get a i to do it. Okay, so we need to go
brackets verse
This is a beautiful verse here
So we want to make sure that we label these things appropriately
This is a bridge
This right here obviously a chorus
Okay chorus
Chorus. Oh shoot. What's the name of that site we used last time?
Because uh, we're gonna need that for our producer here
If anybody remembers it's some some aislopsight
Refusion yes
Okay
Not that I'm respecting the important tools that we're using
Let's load this up
Refusion
Hey, stop specterling out my voice. Um, all right
This is a country pop rock country pop rock
Or just country pop anthem high energy
Male vocal there we go
That seems fine
Boom generate the prompt didn't work
No
Prompt didn't meet our content guidelines
How?
No
I thought it would do anything we asked
What are the chances that wouldn't work so sad
This one is a bit rough. Yeah
What's the other one though?
sueno
Maybe sueno will let us do it guys
Get a free beat and sing it
Um, do we have time? I guess there's a there's a whole song there
All right. All right. All right
We got it. We can only do one pass
and these lyrics are
Kind of unusable
Because I spelled warming wrong. You're right exterminator. Um, okay epidemic
There's only one shot at this goon track
And I need a cowboy to sing it
Um, all right, let's go to our number one resource for real ass djs
epidemic sound
music please of the country variety
The genre
is country pop
The popularity max that shit out. We want the most popular track. Oh, we already did that one
Sucks
But I need shitty like a modern country pop
We're going to youtube
We're going to youtube
There's no time for this
Um country instrumental
Should just get a goo beat from youtube and be done with it
Yeah, we should just be done with this. That's a really good point. This sucks
All these tracks suck
No, we need it to be super high energy
Jump start
Why are these all so low energy?
Where's our country beat hits
whiskey nights
That sounds like a party anthem
Beats to beat to
11 labs. Did they do music?
Will 11 labs do music for us?
No
Going down. This is still so sad. Aren't they're like upbeat country tracks?
What's wrong with sueno?
Uh, we can try it
I'm assuming it'll tell us the same thing though that like we won't we won't do your dirty song
But we we can try
Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah
We could just do the Bart Simpson beat
But I want to hear a beautiful country vocal
Which to be fair we can't really get
If we recorded ourselves
Describe your song. No, I want to add some lyrics to this song. Thank you very much
The style is country pop
Here, I'll show you guys what we're up to right here
Um country population. No just country pop
Okay, create
sueno
Unbreak my heart. Say you love me again. It's not doing anything
It's worrying me by
There's no reaction
Thinking about doing it for real
Make a country pop instrumental on sueno and then sing it
up beat
Up instrumental
Well, I don't even know if it'll it seems to be locked. It seems to be all locked up
um
This yard
Dude, I need like a upbeat country album an anthem style music
Okay, I had some help
Like I'm the only
There we go
This is what we needed but did sueno make it
It's still frozen
It can't handle the power of these lyrics
Okay, there's no time to even download this track
We're just gonna play it straight off youtube and have somebody at sing over it
Some real dumbass who will sing these awful lyrics that our ghostwriter wrote, you know
Geez man. Come on right here. You're not even right there exactly
You're in a different room turn off your monitors if you don't want to hear my nasty opinions
Okay, um
Oops, I opened the wrong thing entirely
Uh, where did I put it?
Great
Great great great great great. Okay
Uh check check check
A check check check. Oh man. Now the recording is not working a check check check
Please
Test test test test. Okay, it's back the schwarz ghost. Yes
Okay, we're loaded up
We need
That guy who used to be a producer who's apparently case's cousin
We double-checked that sueno didn't just oh sueno sueno might have done it for us
Saving us from ourselves
I'm the rat king of goonin and I'm tired of goon goon goon
I'll be out to stop two hours six hours and no that's not a lot 24 hours on the halfway there
Bowling on this joby cock so red. I don't care
Beautiful
We're in likes of fun Paula Trett is on my dick see the future and it's goon
But let's get it back to rat stuff because the song is rat and goon goon
I'm going like rat goon and with back
Hold team won't stop goon in the back never stop the goon. I'm gonna see how it handles the bridge
Rat king of goon in and I'm tired of goon goon goon
boom boom boom boom
My son lamp boom drop goon
Okay, this is the bridge. Don't stop goon in the back never stop the goon
Goon into this tune. This is using the chorus is the bridge. I'm the rat king of goon in and I'm tired of goon goon goon
Goon goon
Soon the boom but soon before maroon cocoon and so my boom dragon for stone
I'm going like rat the goon and with back. Hold team won't stop goon in the back for this tune
I'm the rat king of goon in and I'm tired of goon goon goon
Oh the goon at the end is what I thought
All right while it rolls into this next track. Let's find somebody to raid. This is version two
I can sing this next week. Yeah, we could do our own version next week
Night time moons out to dick goon out hentai no doubt only fans throw spout blasting off goon
Balls dick spoon scoop sloppin toon cock hold team balloon sock boom doon cock jock hard and ready cock lock
Stop the man in the back never stop the goon
Let's see who I should raid
I'm the rat king of goon in and I'm tired of goon goon goon
A Nintendo alert. Have we raided Nintendo alert before?
We could raid srlar. I've never ridden him in a photo album
Okay
All right, everybody we did all the segments we did it in only two and a half hours
Um, it's not a goon raid
Do not do a goon raid. What is it butt butt boys?
We should be more of a butt rain
What's there? What's their so-called again the butt guys
Butt gamers
BYTT, okay
The goon guys
I think they're called butt boys. I don't know
BYT I swear to god cast them says butt all the time
The brought you this thing. Yes, it's a BYTT raid. We'll call it that
All right, I gotta get out of here
Brought you this goon exactly
Wow guys ai is the future. Look how quickly it made a hit for us
The hit makers, okay. We'll see you on Monday. Have a great weekend everybody next week
It wasn't done
Bye everybody. We'll be back on Monday next week. We'll do a real a real song. All right see you later
Oh my god