I'm Pepita, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
I can finally get my penis back.
Check, check, check.
This is the captain of this wall ship.
Reporting for duty.
Working on the fucking weekend.
Unreasonable.
But here we are.
Geez.
Got building maintenance with me.
This is Dave.
I was told, hey Dave, thanks for being here.
Yeah, I was told you have to be here legally.
Apologies for that.
I don't know why this is such a big deal.
I'm just going into the wall today.
I don't know why it took case three extra hours to set this up.
Seems pretty unnecessary.
But we appreciate you being here nonetheless.
Dave, you want to introduce yourself to these people?
Rats.
There's a guy living in there, at least one.
And there's a smell.
And some noises.
There's problems I guess is how I would put it.
Dave is muted.
Dave is muted.
Sorry Dave, let me unmute you.
That is, can you guys, Dave can you talk again?
Yeah, sure.
Can you all hear me?
Sorry about that Dave.
We usually only have you know, a raspy zombie.
They should be able to hear you know.
Dave's live, right? Amazing.
My name is Dave, I'm the building manager.
And I was told there's some kind of hole in this wall.
I gotta say it's not my fault.
I don't know who did that, but I'm here to fix it.
And it's been developing over time.
It looks pretty bad.
I'll admit that.
That looks brutal.
I mean it's not my responsibility.
I don't know how it got.
It's not my responsibility.
I mean exactly.
It is technically my responsibility, but I didn't do that.
If you didn't do it, you shouldn't have to fix it.
That's my approach to politics.
That's my approach to romance.
That's my approach to everything.
And wait, who?
You're Munch, right?
You're the...
Do you own this building?
I mean more or less.
Not in like a financial sense, but in like a domination sense.
I think people would see me as the winner of the building,
if that makes sense.
And it does.
Okay, but you're not my boss.
No, I mean I'm not.
I don't claim to be.
I'm obviously a man of the working man.
A man of the working man is what I would also describe myself as.
Here's my other question though.
Who the fuck is that shadowy figure behind you?
This is the electrician.
I'm told there might be some electrical damage,
so bring it in the electrician as well.
Oh, okay.
Interesting.
Oh wait, are you talking about this guy right here?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I mean I don't...
Well, let me just see if we can ask them their name.
I don't know who the fuck this guy is.
Oh, that's a rotting...
Is this the electrician?
That's just my rotting co-host.
I think that's the electrician behind him.
Let me ask what their name is.
What's the name of this electrician?
Do you want me to rotate you just like a gentleman would?
Because I will.
If it's easier on you.
Yeah, this is my electrician.
Vote now.
I don't think what their name was again.
Looks like they just told me this.
They look like a cool ranch Doritos to me.
Maybe a Grandman.
Maybe a Gizbo.
Genital Slid also, I'm getting that kind of vibe.
And I'm also kind of getting the vibe of Dad,
which I don't love calling someone that.
But if that's their name, I'll do it.
Depends on the relationship with your father.
Yeah, I'm getting pretty...
I'm pretty sure...
I remember their name now.
I'm pretty sure actually.
You're pretty confident?
Because they're not talking at all.
Now this is Gizbo.
Gizbo, right.
Right, Gizbo. Fantastic.
I also like the really in the shadows over there.
So...
Oh yeah, Gizbo, can you come out here for a second?
You got to hear us.
And what is, again, what's your relationship to this building?
Oh, I'm just like the...
I'm like the president of the building essentially.
In spirit.
Everyone would say that.
But my question is, you know, I just wish I could get a good look at Gizbo.
I wish I knew what Gizbo looks like, but they seem a little shy.
If they could just, you know...
They look like a dwarf warrior maybe?
Or like they could look like David Hasselhoff.
I guess they could look...
And you know, I don't want...
It's not PC to say this, but let's face it, fat.
They couldn't look like that.
Or a hobo, that's probably not also great to say,
but I don't care.
Me, Munch, and Darth Vader, of course, could be a look
they might have because they're in shadow.
But you know, we're getting really...
It'll take a minute to get a good look at them.
I do suspect they're feeling nervous.
Step forward.
Here, have you ever played like a Dungeons & Dragons type of thing?
I've kind of played that, yeah.
Okay, well, they step forward now.
They look a little bit like a dwarf warrior if that makes sense.
I'm sensing a ton of nervousness from them.
I think it'll take them roughly two to three minutes
to step forward if I had to guess.
Okay.
Yeah, that's fine.
But, you know, I think they will get there.
I guess while they do, maybe they can at least
talk to us from the murky shadows in which they lurk.
If they could just tell us...
I guess I could vibe out first what they sound like.
Maybe what they sound like.
I could kind of try to make them more comfortable
by just guessing what they sound like, I guess.
Yeah, Gizbo is sort of a dwarf warrior looking person.
And they do have quite an interesting sound.
Yeah, I suspect they might.
I've always felt that they could be that type of elite dwarf warrior
with the voice of a robotic woman.
Because, you know, when you...
Oh, it was a tie.
I didn't see who won.
I think in that case, let's look...
My name is Gizbo. Nice to meet you.
I am an electrician here to fit your wall worrying.
I'm bad at choosing clear winners,
and I've been told I sound generous.
Just for the record, I didn't have time to disable those,
but we will not be honoring any requests
for those until tomorrow.
We just simply do not have time.
Uh...
Yeah, this is Gizbo the dwarf warrior.
It sounds like a robotic woman.
Just saying.
Locopuppet, thank you so much for the, uh...
for the subscription there.
Sorry, I'm just a little distracted.
I just really would love to get to know Gizbo.
But I can tell they're being somewhat reticent.
I understand, you know, we can be intimidating.
And you've got a strong masculine energy as well,
if I might say so.
Hey, thanks.
Dave.
Yeah, I've been taking...
Have you ever heard of, uh, anabolic steroids?
I've heard of them.
I just started taking them.
Man, I feel like I was an early adopter.
Oh, really?
Well, you know, I'm immortal.
That's a thing that people tell me is untrue,
but that I firmly believe.
So, you know, I've been alive for thousands of years,
and I was one of the first people to really get on that steroid train.
Back in the day, you know?
Okay, sure, yeah.
Yeah, you know what I mean?
Okay, let's...
What's that?
I don't know why I was going to ask you if you're delusional.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, you know, when you're around someone strong enough,
people start to suspect that,
but the real delusion is denying your own inner power.
That's what I say.
I wrote a book about that actually.
Good God, that is extremely relevant to today's politics.
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
Yeah, I try to be trenchant at all times, whenever possible.
Okay, let's see...
If we can finally get Gizbo here to step forward and show themselves...
Gizbo.
themselves.
Gizbo, can you stop being so nervous?
Look, we don't bite.
We're nice fellas, I swear.
You know, I know I seem like a big deal,
but honestly...
Oh, good, look at him.
Look at Gizbo there.
Damn!
Gizbo's looking...
Gizbo!
Gizbo's looking great.
Oh, we got a hype train as well.
Just to let Chat know.
Usually the hype train would make an appearance,
but I didn't see them anywhere.
I'm not sensing the hell vibes today.
I think they might be stuck in the wall.
I sent a couple cameras in there earlier,
because I got lots of money and tech.
But, oh my God, what is even happening?
Damn!
Well, that's just ignore.
That's just our...
Sometimes people hallucinate a little bit in the studio.
I do want to thank people for all their subs and bits, of course.
What's going on?
There's a lot of stuff that happens.
What the hell is going on?
There's just, there is like a lot of stuff...
What's that?
That happens on this particular stream.
Oh my God.
Just slammed 100 hot bits.
Yeah, they're slamming hot bits all over the place.
Look, I think I've settled everything down.
I don't know if there's any other major questions to ask Gizbo.
Add your lotion.
Okay, they're just dumping...
They're dumping lotion everywhere.
This might actually be a record for the most things that could happen on a Twitch stream.
We might get there today.
It's hard to say.
Wait, I wanted to...
Where we're going to hear Gizbo's voice?
No, no, no, no, no.
Gizbo!
Gizbo!
Gizbo!
Gizbo!
Listen up, Jack.
Oh, he's mouthing along with Byta.
Parkina and Just Mama Jam,
300 shiny tasty coins,
and I've been dying to say this.
I can't let you do this alone.
I am going with you.
That's so funny.
Let me see if Gizbo feels like talking to us.
I miss Joe Biden.
Oh, you know what?
I got to adjust one thing before we get going
or we're going to have a bad time.
So Bricksy said the most stuff happening stream on Twitch.
Thank you so much.
Gizbo, again, I'm glad that you're feeling more confident talking now,
but, uh, you know, it's rude to mow the lawn with the president, I suspect.
But we'll let it slide for now.
Um, let me...
Gizbo, you look good, man.
He does look good.
I'll admit that.
Let me just see if I can adjust one thing here before we get going.
What?
Beautiful dwarf warrior.
He does that.
He comes as advertised.
He looks quite a bit like a dwarf warrior.
There we go.
That's you, chat.
You're Gizbo, just so you guys know.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's, uh, Gizbo's a man of the people.
So I think he's kind of representing everyone.
That's how I like to think of Gizbo, at least.
Sure.
Mmm, right now I'm really curious to test Gizbo's voice, of course.
There we go.
Let's see if I can.
Okay.
Gizbo!
How are you?
How have you been?
How was your weekend?
Let's see if that works.
Gizbo?
You got anything to say to us?
Gizbo?
Gizbo?
Jesus!
Oh, that's key.
Yes?
We're gonna get to thinking all these people in just a minute.
We just got to make sure Gizbo is fully functional.
Let's try one other thing.
Add options now.
Gizbo, there's got to be something you want to say.
Just take your time, really sound it out.
Gizbo's got a couple of things I think he really loves to say.
I think he really loves to say you have my hammer in my way. I don't know what he's gonna say
I'm not even gonna guess what he's gonna say
two of them
Get a grip I don't do that stuff anymore
You don't do the rat stuff anymore
That's shocking to me. I'm trying to become a legitimate stand-up comedian case. Oh
That's beautiful. I'll let case know that and that you're happy about your aspirations Dave
That is want to make sure jizbo's got his voice active before we head into this wall
When I become a famous comedian that's that's something people can legit yell out at me do the rat stuff and then it just
You have my hammer in my pants. Oh good jizbo is talking fantastic
Okay, what do you say we get into this wall? You feel ready to start doing a little work today?
I didn't hear what jizbo said. He said you have my hammer. I'm not. Oh, you can't hear jizbo
Was there supposed to be an actual audio or there is actual audio of jizbo?
I do have to say I probably can't adjust the routing of it. Okay, but just know
Chad does I'm assuming hear it cuz I do hear it
So if you can just pretend you hear jizbo based on or I'll just kind of let you know what he said
I wish there was a way
For you to hear him as well, maybe that is there way there might not I
Can't think of a way off the top of my head. I'm so sorry. Look you have jizbo deafness
It's a unique thing that can happen to co-workers if you work for someone
I'm not my character sheet. It's on the seat. I know jizbo is mute. Yeah, exactly
So this is jizbo the electrician. I'm sure there's some fucked up electricity in the wall. So that's why I brought jizbo along
We're gonna do a diagnostic today and jizbo is gonna handle any like emergency repairs that you know might need to be done
And you're mostly in like the rat destruction business as far as I know that is that correct to say
Yeah, I mean that's part of the job for sure building maintenance, you know
These old buildings have can have tons of rats and that's crushing the rats is is definitely a part of my job description
All right, fantastic
Okay, look you feel comfortable to head into this wall Dave
Yeah, let's get in here. Just duck down a little bit here and
It's a pretty big hole. We might be able to walk directly in and also it's conveniently right next to this particular studio
Um, oh that's good
So should only take us like probably zero seconds to immediately start walking towards the wall
I say let's get in there. Let's do this thing. How bad can it be? Bring it on wall
Let me see here. What the fuck?
You know, I kind of just saw myself for a second there
You know, I wish I knew who that was I don't see I
Don't see anybody actually
it's a
Honestly a little bit roomier in here than I initially suspected
So that's a room in here. It's a little bit roomy
Okay, well not sure what's back here. What's that?
There's lights back here. This shouldn't be here
There is kind of a light an emanating light sort of haunting us
But uh, you know, I really thought there'd be way more people in here. So hello
Great, it's I'm Peter Gibbon. Oh my gosh, you're one of the maintenance people that I haven't met
Welcome to the wall. A lot of people like to talk smack about me. I live in here
Peter I
Big time live in here. Okay. Well, I'm building maintenance. So I should really know about this
You shouldn't be living in the wall. What do you work for this company or?
Yes. Yeah a hundred percent. I'm more or less
Actually one of the earliest I was a producer. This is a it's a media enterprise as far as I understand
And I was an early I'm a producer
Still don't think you should be living in here. He's been fired multiple times for the record. Oh, okay, so
Not great in my opinion that he's always kind of
here. Oh
Look, they got us both. We got we got cameras all all over the place in here
Yeah, you have a whole setup happening. Yeah. Yeah, there's a there's camera there. This is a split screen for the record
I'm not standing next to you for the people at home
Just in case you're wondering. I'm looking directly at Tim right in the eye. I'm Dave right in the eyes
Thank you, and you look fantastic
Thank you. Okay. Um look I know you guys are in here
Don't mind you want to like use your hell key or something. Am I understanding that right? No, no, you're not
Don't even worry about that Dave. It's nothing that weird
All right
Look, I'm just here to fix this up. Well, I don't know about no hell key or I don't know how you got all these cameras in here
What how this hallway was built? It looks like this hallway was built
So say this isn't just like a back behind something broken. This is like
It's a it's a deep. I'm back here
I like to think of it as kind of an endless voluminous hallway people well wall and walls can have space in them
You know, yeah
There's like a lighting setup though. Is this is this your whole house situation is that what's going on?
It's more than a house. It's an entire
World is how
Personally, I like to think of it. So
All right, look, I'll leave you guys to it
Do whatever you need to do in here. I should warn you if you do wish to escape the wall
You'll need to slay the four rat gods
Excuse me at least best of them. We could just also walk out of the walk out
You came in. I'm good luck. You might have noticed you can't find the exit wait. It was just right here
It was right here a second ago so close yet so far away
Also, why do I have a bunch of numbers now and the hype train shit is kind of blocking it, but a
Sense numbers in my head. That's part of the wall. Don't worry about that. Hey you
You trapped us down here open this wall up
I'd love to help you fellas out, but I'll I all you gotta do
It's just a real simple hop and a skip find the four rats gods and
slay them or
Best of them talking about just best the four rat gods or slay them and look you'll get it
I'm sure you got places to be so do I'll see you soon. What the fuck hey
Sorry about that Dave that crack. He did seem to slip
quickly into the darkness
Mmm, you doing okay, uh, jizbo jizbo
You know he looks
He looks as confident
As ever I don't even know why I questioned his fortitude for even a second. He looks completely fine
Okay, well fuck. All right. Let's just um, let's keep him moving you ready to go Dave
Follow me. Yeah, let's go. Okay. Let's just go down this hallway and see if there's not a way out
Right, I thought I heard him for a second
Real quick. Oh Jesus. Oh real quick. Allow me to give you a boon if you're no whole life. You're no wall. Let's go. Holy
Okay
Look, there are gonna be people to think later
There's just so much going on. I do feel like I have to be oh my god. We're getting requests that literally cannot happen
But we will do them tomorrow any request that comes in I can't wait maybe I can press the button to just turn those off
In my mind, I'm pressing a button right now
Okay, wait, let me adjust one other
Little thing before we get this boon or whatever
It's completely smooth as always
There it is
Okay, cool
Good now we can cut to hit this too
He's a sturdy man. Just but you're looking great Tim
I appreciate you kind of kind of taking up the rear there someone that's a lawn
It's more space back there than I realized what the fuck do you mean a boon?
Allow me to grant you power Dave. Do you?
lust for strength or
of
easiness of mind
Hey, everybody's trying to get swole these days. Yeah
Good choice. Oh
Just in time just in time for me to offer these boons to you
Behold the power. I just hope on you power
You feel stronger. Yeah. What is John Matt?
That's not
That's not right. You know what I'm gonna fix that look the wall is always shifting and morphing
Oh
Sometimes it's just completely wrong
Completely wrong, but you learn how to accept it stronger though. You do feel stronger
Damn, that's fantastic
Okay, uh bunch. What do you want?
Strength at all times strength always strength. Okay. I guess I bestow that upon you as well feels weird though
I'm supposed to want to be a little smart boy
No, thanks, you know and I'm realizing I should
I'm realizing I should have done this before
We started talking at length
but
Shoot
How do I do this for?
Gizbo there just one
second
Okay
Yeah, this is probably it
Uh Gizbo, how do you want to how do you want to grow my man? What how do you want to become stronger?
And also, you know, I
Guess you can't necessarily talk at all times. That's fine. That's fine. You can just kind of stare at us
He's a man a few words. Oh, it's already so smart
Gizbo is a clever guy
Already a seven in smartness
Look as good vision
Oh, you know what a tie oh
That's probably not ideal
Look, I guess ties are bad or something
That's a that's a big old tie, but look I mean whatever you're seeing better
I think that's what that means. I don't claim to know what these fucking numbers mean
You know also
Let me let me do one last bit of housekeeping and then I swear to God
I'm gonna start marching into this wall and everything's gonna be smooth as silk
Let me just turn that shit off there we go
Okay, all right you ready to get Peter. Are you fucking done? I'm extremely done bye-bye
Geez
Can't be good. Okay. Let's uh, let's get let's get going. Let's just come on. Let's start a walk
Let's go down. Let's go. Let's move
The hell was that
I've been stuck in here
I don't know how long you need to turn back
Well, we're just looking for like
Rats in the end of we need to get to the edge of the wall. We're not quite sure how far it is you fools
You should have turned back
centuries ago
I don't know clearly remember about time works. I've been in here for so long
And do you know what's going on with you? Do you want to?
To join me
Join you what do you want to join?
Me in the wall in the wall. No, I'm trying to get out of here. What you don't try to get out of this wall
I'm building maintenance. I was once building maintenance. I understand you need to join me
Yes
Join me in the wall
What the fuck?
Jesus Christ. We got to take this motherfucker out. You stand on chance against me
I don't quite feel like attacking yet, but I'm gearing up to
Yeah, I'm so your head
Get behind me. I'm extremely strong and fast. Let me just turn around real quick while uh
Jizbo here figures out how he wants to handle this
I feel a little turn around. I'm gonna I'm gonna get my I'm gonna get my ass going
Okay, what's jizbo gonna do
Okay a tie
Oh my god. Oh tiebreaker piece of shit
You got we have my fucking more where that comes from motherfucker. I brought my gun
Take this bitch. Yeah
It's gotta be super effective
Oh
You think you can do that to me
You piece it wait a minute
um
I just realized I need another thing
I'm really gearing up to attack. I swear to god. I'm gonna get you for shooting me immediately
Uh
Ghost bitch. Oh fuck you you're god. You know, I'm just a you just had to join the wall. This is all so unnecessary
Take this
What the ow the wall grows I feel slightly crazier
um
John Madison's face is you Tim. Just so you know, what are you gonna do?
Shit
You got the big ol hammer or you know, I guess you could try to do something more crazy like beg for power
If whatever you want
Let's just start with a classic hammer attack. I'm gonna fuck this fucking ghost up get his dumb ass
Oh, that's not what it is. Don't worry. It's a hammer
four plus three
Oh
Oh, I wanted was for you to join the wall
I'm not asking for that much. I don't think
I'm not trying to become something
Jesus hit his ass chat
Seriously get hit get his dumb ass
Costs one vibe. How much of vibes does jizbo have? I think that's the little that's the little sunglass one
Good now I feel like I'm more in the zone and turned around
jizbo, I think you're gonna finish this guy for sure
You're looking strong
I feel good about entering this wall and immediately killing someone
tie
A tie again. My god
Hey, tie did some damage last time
Whatever you're probably gonna miss. There's something. Oh
Come on
nightmare slain
Nice jizbo
Jizbo was on top of that one. Jeez
Okay, well
jizbo
Excellent strikes there. I almost had him with my gun ultimate dwarf neck wear
You say ultimate dwarf neck wear
Are you part mechanical?
I mean, I I believe it
Just while that happens. I'm gonna fix one more little thing
You know, I just like to adjust
Uh
I'm a real fixer. So I like to fix things as I go
Oh, I see madness is a negative stat. We don't want madness
Damn more jacked. How are you feeling jizbo? How are you feeling? Tim? You feeling stronger or smarter?
Me stronger always. I actually surprisingly feel
smarter
Weird. Yeah, you are looking jacked
Um, okay
Well, my name is Dave, by the way
What I call you
I don't know
Sorry, I look we just met if I keep calling if I repeatedly call him the wrong thing everyone
Then uh
Just know that it's because we just met and in my head the default name I have for people is tim
I think it's the most classic name. It's the name of kings actually
And that's true true all the way going back to like ancient despotamia and stuff
I play part of greek which allows me to draw two cards for my deck
Mmm
Is that a thing
What was that what'd they say? He said they play pot of greed which allows them to draw two cards from their deck
What?
You know what I think that might be possible. Let's just see if uh, you know if we feel like we can do that
Peer deep into the wall. What's happening here? Oh
Oh
Oh
Hmm well look he's the one who said he was gonna do it and he failed so
I don't even know what drawing two cards would have done for him, but are you guys should we just keep wandering through this wall
What the hell was that that guy was like trapped in here forever?
And he was a ghost and he was the previous guy the previous building maintenance guy that guy died in 1986
You knew him
Then we just know I just know the story of this guy
Do you guys have like a picture in your maintenance area like a frat does like the previous classes of maintenance?
Yes with a little shrine people light a candle sometimes. I think that's beautiful. I think not enough people stand on ceremony
um, okay
Well, shit. Let's keep going I guess
We have to get the fuck out of here. This is bad news
Well, look, I know peter's making it sound real spooky, but I'm not convinced that we couldn't have just turned around
And also all we've done is like shoot one guy a couple times
I think we're still good to keep going unless you guys are feeling
tired
No, let's keep going jisbo say nothing if you feel strong
jisbo looks incredible. I have to I have to say jisbo is awesome. He's fucking jacked. All right. Let's keep going
That's not scary. How's that?
Get your head out of there
guys
It's um
It's me papito. I play part of greek which allows me to draw two cards for my deck
Oh
I'm kind of
a little high suddenly
Uh, yeah, this walls
This wall's honestly a lot. Ah
Let's try that. Let's try that. Let's try that one more time. Let's walk up to papito one more time. Here we go
Um, okay
Whatever, you know, papito you look a little wavy, but that's fine. Yeah, I'm fine
Everything's fine
Look, I'm back to normal
Great rock
Who the hell are you? I'm papito. Woo. Who are you?
My name is dave. I'm building maintenance. I'm the producer of this whole building. Uh, but sometimes I come in and this wall
Just this ain't uh
Are you hosting a late afternoon show? I'm supposed to
I'm desk is the only thing I freaking got. I'm also the pope. I'm in the almost of the stream pope, you see
I put you the cover. Okay
Not sure what david. It's how you're doing. I'm not sure what jizbo had to say there, but papito. What the fuck do you want?
Look, man, I don't know. I've been in this wall for days
And I can't figure out how to open this safe
No one
Can figure out how to open this safe. It's too complex. No one can crack it due to its advanced security
Unless of course anybody had any ideas
But if you did
You know, it's
Not to really break your brain
Because if the worst such a thing is a clue, I bet it's covered up now
Look papito, we're kind of busy. We need to get to the end of the wall. So this is like you
This is confusing me how I keep changing places like that
Just a second
Punch in five two two seven. I think could be an option. Look, I'm not I don't claim to be a master
Jizbo is getting horny jizbo. What are you suggesting right now?
Look, I know you're building. I know you're building maintenance, but are you sure that's the move
Rice jizbo jizbo
Winner come on. Here's a thorn come on it
Really jizbo?
You think that's a good idea
He looks deadly serious honestly. He looks completely serious. Hey dwarves don't fuck around
Well
I don't know everybody look away. Papito
Leave the room seems obvious to punch in the code
I think it could work. Look, I'm not gonna look. I'm also not gonna move. So don't get
conducts electricity
All right, well, um, I guess should we make him?
Are you sure you feel?
Strong enough
Look, okay. Am I also jizbo?
I mean, I'm not doing it jizbo if you're gonna do it you do it. Oh my god. He is doing it
He is currently doing it. Oh my god. Jesus christ. This is not worth come
This is really rough. It's rough that I'm so close to this, but I'm not moving this care. Okay. He is done
Well
And good job. I don't really know if
Oh
Shit that 100 did work
Okay, wow. Well, um
Fantastic. You got me some cheese. I offer you this boon
Uh, Dave because you didn't come in my vicinity. I'm gonna give it to you instead of jizbo because that was fucking nasty
That was disgusting. Yeah, it was really a look you have received a new power
You can call upon the negativity of the universe to empower your hammer
So if you want to do that feel free and also if you guys die, I got your back. I'll help you out just once
Just one. So that's all this cheese is worth. I got cheese all over the place
So don't think I need this
All right
Well, thank you. I guess that's I mean, I won't say no to anything. My judge is bodacious jizbo
Okay, everybody everybody got a power up. No, I guess only only Dave did so sorry everybody else
Thanks for everything. Pupito. That was fucking disgusting. Shall we keep moving Dave?
Let's go. All right. Let's keep it moving because there's probably a lot
There's probably a way more wall than there should be to get through. Thanks. I thanks though. I guess for that
Okay, remember but where the fear rat?
I just say it's not even worry about whatever that means
The fear rat
Okay, let's just keep going. I think we're doing fine. Honestly. I think come on. Let's go
We are doing
uh
Just fine. Okay
Next thank you next
uh-oh
Stay back demon
Well, this can't be good. This can't be particularly good either. I'm assuming uh, are you friendly? Not at all
you assholes
What the fuck
You guys forgot me
You forgot me
I don't even of course. I have no idea who this guy is
Oh, yeah, go jizbo fight
Okay, what's your fucking problem, man? I was the first producer of this stream
I've been in this wall for three years
He does look like it. He is looking like he's been in there for
a minute or two
You are looking
I'm saying you're looking bad. I think that's fair to say
Jizbo, hold on hold back. This is the only immense weight of my thick hammer thrust
Jizbo, don't hold back this man is clearly dangerous. Yes. I am I'm gonna kill you
For what you've all done to me
Get him
That is not kind
I am
I'm going to murder you
Tim, what do you want to do? You could uh
A pot you could kind of like beg for power
You could uh try to get the negativity of the negativity of the universe deep inside. Yeah, wait
How does the negativity of the universe uh deep inside me work?
I don't know. It was kind of an insane dog saying it, but I say let's just try it. Let's do it
Boom goes the hammer
You have to boo me
I mean, but he's so likable
You got to do something to get him to boo you possibly
Oh god
I
Um, I'm a bad chipper
And um, you did max out that boo so I'm assuming you must be good to go. I didn't do shit people just knew to boom me
24 damage motherfucker feels unfair
That feels unfair
Munch, we know each other. We've met many times
Don't do this to me. You just said you were gonna kill us get gunned you piece of shit. God damn
I brought this down here for a reason and the reason is treason. Bye-bye. Oh
Oh my god, that was bloody as shit. The pito stopped caring
We got the narrow tone music
Well, that seems successful I guess
I do not remember that guy being a producer honestly
Uh, okay, look just I'm gonna stand up real tall for a second. Oh, I feel huge. I feel huge. Sorry to stretch. I had to stretch
Just stretching
Okay, let me scooch over a little bit jizbo. Let's let's switch spots
Jio because you're looking strong. You're looking brave
You should take over. I should take over that side. Yeah, we want to see you jizbo
Oh, your madness recedes. You're feeling less crazy. Congratulations jizbo
Honestly, jizbo. You're one of the only sane people here
What do you mean? I feel fucking good. I've been never been better
It's fun to be in the wall with your friends
Is the thing a crazy person would say not me
Not me
Uh, how do you feel tim of dave? I know your name dave. Thank you
um
Yeah, wait, I want to I want
I want to be a little smarter. Actually. I'm thinking
Oh, wow, you look smarter right away. I felt it in my balls. I feel strong
I feel swole as hell
Damn
Okay
You guys remember that one song by that scaban madden is called one step beyond and it's like do do dot
I wish I got cell phone service in here because I'd love to play that but
You got any service to?
Uh, no, I don't I don't think I don't remember that song at all. I'd love to tell you I do
What is jizbo saying?
Yes, if we remember that one song by scaban madden is called one step beyond and it's like do do
jizbo, I don't
no
Okay, well later another incredible rosin success honestly
Feels like some of these idiots in his wall are a little understated
But that's fine. Let's keep going
Onward
Hey, what's that?
Hey
Hey
That's it you motherfucker as you in my wall. I'm done playing around
Prepare to die you pieces of shit or everybody's so aggressive in here
Damn jizbo
Jizbo takes it again
Wonder what he's gonna do
jizbo
Can I just say you have very strongly been the mvp other than tim who got booed so hard that he murdered that one guy
About one hit
I can see why peter has a good time in the wallet
You seem to be able to get away with killing people in here and I've been able to do that since like ancient times
I mean, you know, I've never killed i'm a man of peace
Oh, shit. Is he gonna do that thing with a tie again? Did I snuff say Dave? I'm sorry Dave. What is he doing now?
Nice
Fun of a bitch. You know what? I'm done fucking around with you guys
You stupid pieces of shit coming to my wall
is really turning me on
Listen, you bastards better tell me that I'm a fucking sick cool guy rat
Or I'm gonna murder you so much harder
That thing doesn't quite fit on the on on my mind screen
But you have to you have to rate me a nine or higher or I swear to god
If you say I'm not attractive
You pieces of shit again. Give me a ten. No zero
No zeros ten ten. I can't I'm not scared of you. I'm not why would I be scared of you?
We're already so strong on this dude. You dumb motherfucker
Oh
What the shit that hurt more than I thought it would you have one hp
That seems not ideal
Hey, this might be a good time to let you know that um 100 bits. I think actually
Uh, let me make sure that that's active now
Yeah, 100 bits probably would make me feel a lot better at any time
200 bits might make me feel a little bit smarter and 300 bits
I swear to god, even if I die it could bring me back to life. Just so you know
That's how I feel deep inside but the other way I feel oh
Damn how many was that actually feel better than I think I should
Nice you have 11 hp now
I should have 11 if everything's working correctly, you know what let me just make let me just double check one thing before I murder this guy
Oh, I feel good
I feel kind of powered up by papito, you know what I'm done playing around
I'm gonna shoot you a ton take this you son of a bitch angry guy. I'm the only angry guy
Oh, what one times three
What?
I'm still shooting you a lot
Oh, that didn't feel great
But you could have just shot me directly with the gun
Just so you know
Also, why is that dwarf looks a lot prettier in that in that order right there? I gotta say
Yeah, it's more of a generic handyman. Okay. God damn. Uh dwarf. What are you gonna do? I mean sorry?
I should call you jizbo
Vote now
Come on jizba. Wait
What about my turn did we wasn't it no it wraps back around I think right?
I never had a turn you never had a turn
Well, look, we'll let jizbo go and then we'll let you go twice
Because this guy's trying to cheat us what?
No, I wasn't gonna adore your turn
I understand the ancient laws of wall combat. Oh, this is like a rule set. Yeah, obviously there's rules to this
Stupid fucking rules
Piss me off. Oh, he wants to talk it out
What the fuck you gotta say to me with that dumb fucking big face of yours
jizbo, I don't know if this is the right
tactic
I mean, I guess you could tell him that you love him or you could say that you're worthy of love or
you could
Engage in the act of mutual coitus if you're both agreeable to that
You could say something way worse than that. I guess or you know, you could just
Do what you do and I guess that could be the rat stuff
You're really thinking about it jizbo when I appreciate you taking your time actually, you know what tim walley does that
Well, you know, what do you think you want to do while he figures out what he wants to say
We're gonna use one of my fucking powers
Yeah, I think you could either um
beg for power or boo for power
Do the rat stuff. Um do the rat stuff
Let's see
Does that do anything for you?
Uh
Oh, we're looking into the fucking wall again
Oh, what?
I'm completely unmoved by your words
And I and that frankly I find that fucking offensive and stupid and it's pissing me off even more
Oh, yeah rat. We'll take this
What are we gonna do again?
I don't know
Beg for power beg for power this time. How does that work?
Come on. You got a I think you got a beg for actual money
I think in the next 30 seconds
Yeah, I mean you're gonna have to beg for a lot of it if you want anything to happen
Chat save it save it on this one. Let's just do two. Oh, thank you card king
Damn the multiplier
No, no, no, we'll beg we'll beg on the next one. We'll beg hardcore, but that might be smart
Although I was really close to death recently. I guess I'm fine now
Yeah, you're fucking healed right up
Boom take your core rat. Oh
Is this really the best you guys got I feel completely
It's not oh, okay. Well, that's probably good because
I will admit I'm a little unimpressed so impressed. I'm gonna scratch your ass
No
Oh, why always me why me poison damage?
Uh-oh son of a bitch
Six that's fine. I don't I took six damage already
Why am I why is my held way the lowest?
Because all right, I guess it's fine
But I'm gonna turn this music down just a little bit. Okay. Look, uh
Tim whose face is that of possibly john madison
You skip the turn. So let's go with you. Now. What do you want to do?
I want to beg for bits again. You're gonna beg for it. Line it up. Bring it on
We can crush this guy in one hit. Come on six roll of six
Four that's good enough chat. Let's crush this guy
Let's crush this guy. Come on. We'll only take a couple bits to crush this
Well, how many would it take how many would it take? I don't even not that much
Get in here 50 bits. Let's go
Come on chat, please
Extreme
Oh
So close
Hey 16 is good
And we got you thank you
That's probably good because I do seem to be pretty poison
Oh the delay
There's a delay. I should I'll let chat know next time when I'm thinking of doing that move
Yeah, maybe we could have given them more than 30 seconds, but
That's not the way this works apparently I'll tell you the way this works stairs and get your mommy's credit card
It's time for another hell of bullets. Surely it won't screw me over this time
Get shot for real. Oh, what the hell?
Oh, man
There's a lot of fucking poison there. That is a ton of poison. I do feel extreme six
Shoot him with my regular gun
Get shot at
Okay, that felt worse
But I you are missing
You aren't totally missing for the record. All right. What are you gonna do to me hard hat fucking giz guy?
You think I'm scared of you
He does look very serious. He is serious. He's deadly serious
How many vibes we got left?
Dave you are out of vibes
What
Though I think beating this guy might get us some vibes possibly
Okay
My specialist cost of vibes, huh?
The special seems to cost vibes 200 bits. I believe restores several vibes
And I think beating a boss which I'm assuming you use thunder shock. Oh shit thunder shock
Wait, what's that ass?
One
Ah, this is taking quite a while, but that's for the best because you're getting fucking baited again
Get raged on. Oh, yeah
Chat oh explanation point 10
Yeah, they can't even read how it works. I'm such a dick that I put it in the wrong spot on screen
No way that could be fixed in short notice. Good work. Oh, son of a bitch hell. Yeah, everybody's on 10
1 0
Yeah, that's what I that's what I hate to see. No
No anymore. No more 10s more 10s. Come on
You fucking idiots you dumb pieces of shit get killed much get actually killed
live and sleazy you're out of my mind
Son of a bitch
Really? I'm fucking dead. Oh, we did it
Shit
Look, I don't feel that dead. I do feel like 300 bits could return me to life
I do feel that way man this music is
Oh, shit
Card came in just my mudam 300 shiny tasty corns and I've been dying to say this
You guys love to talk at the same time. That's incredible. He doesn't have anything to say. All right, um
Geez, okay. I no longer feel ghost. I didn't get the ghost out of my voice
Wow motherfucker
You're going down you did did you just go tim or is it your turn?
I have I would no I haven't gone. It's my turn. It's your turn. What do you want to do?
You know, I think you can only normal attack because you have no energy. Oh, you have full energy. You have full energy again
Oh good. That's the 300 bits is a full group restore
Wow, that's nice
But these are some hard-hitting enemies. They could I'm famous dwarf warrior electrician present in joseph biden
You're going by new name now jespo. All right, tim you can do whatever you want. You got all the power in the world
I think I want to go for booing again. All right. Let's boo this bitch
Oops, I hit the wrong button. Wait a minute. I'm not supposed to have this attack yet
I'm not I don't even have this power yet
damn it
I did hit the wrong button and I will apologize for that
To nobody that button was begging to be hit
It's a stupid button to be in the place it was in
Honestly, fuck that button. It doesn't even deserve my respect. I'm glad I'll unlock my ultimate power well ahead of schedule
And I suspect I'll have it forever now. Haha. I'm the best ever do it
And that's just the way I feel
Sorry also not sorry never was sorry for a second loser
That was kind of strong actually god damn what the hell that's not even the right math
What?
Then live and sleazy vote now
Well, damn I feel great. I think I might have hacked the system honestly with my
That was extremely powerful much. Yeah, I think like I wasn't supposed to have that. Yes
I'm sorry for let's just pretend that was your ultimate power. It probably would have been similar damage
Thank you
We you tried to talk it out for the record jizbo
And you you almost did a great job, but I guess you had to be crazier
It's hard to say. Oh, you're smarter than ever jizbo the wise
Damn look at them go like I feel good about this
And I don't really believe in friendship. I think it's for the week. What if I did?
I would consider you guys at least acquaintances. Just so you know
Thank you much. Thank you. You know what?
I feel the same way
Thanks, man. You're at least an acquaintance at this point. What based on what we've gone through
Jizbo you ready to keep going?
He looks ready. I think that's a yes. Let's keep going
What when does jizbo actually respond?
Yo, hey
Hey, how are you?
You guys chill. Are you guys chill?
Uh, yeah, we're chill
I'm chill. We're pretty chill. You chill. I'm not reading
That guy just say you're not chill
Uh, I think he said I'm not ready. I don't think he said he's not chill
I don't know if I like the way you guys are talking to me
I feel like I'm not gonna do something. You're not you're not chill. I'm chill. You're
Approached in a chill way for sure. Yeah, you did
But now you're just like getting mad over nothing. I'm chill
Add options now
Look, I'll give you one chance
to apologize to me
Because I don't like the way you're talking to me whoever you are dwarf and
electrician or whatever
He's typing genital sled. You're in trouble. I don't look at jizbo. You don't have to apologize to this guy
Walking up demanding Rachel and an apology
My character name is Dave
It is Dave with the icon of john madison confusingly
I call upon the power of the icon of john madison
Look, you could say genital slit to him. I don't know how that's gonna go
You could say rock and stone. You could say kiss me. I love you could say kill each other
I suspect several of these will result
Infisticuffs, but we prove it ourselves character
Capable
It's a tie the wall is invading my mind. It tells me to say tie
tie
You're making fun of my tie. All right, that's it you piece of shit
Oh
That's not who I am
I'm not a producer a pokemon a remix pokemon goes so hard
Further record I fight
Further record I'm actually trans cousin
I was visiting him at work. I'm his fucking cousin
We're chill man
So like don't make me sick my boy on you. He literally works here Tim. Just so you know, there's a guy named
Trent who works here. This guy's claiming to be his cousin. I don't see the resemblance honestly
toddler with a beard I'm 32 years old. I'll have you know
Uh
Dave this man claims to be 32. That means we can kill him. Are we all in agreement that we can kill this guy?
This adult man
You asked for this by being grown
Get him jizbo
No, man, you call that a shot
I'll show you motherfuckers a shot
You got no shot. Why don't you join me?
In the wall
What does feel good
Like rain
All of us passed your vibe test loser that didn't do a thing to us
All I wanted you to do is join the wall. You've proven yourself worthy
For now
See if you can keep it up
Did he skip your turn again?
There's no yes, there's no quorum here
You know what for that? I think tim gets two turns right away tim. What do you want to do?
We're gonna start off. Hey chat
Not on this attack, but on my second attack. I'm gonna do the bits one
To be ready on the bits
Hail of bullets. Oh shit
No, it's just your red. It's just your hammer
Free hammer swing. Oh
Barely felt that man. Honestly like nothing to me. Okay, you're gonna beg for power
And I'm gonna beg for power chat. Here we go
Get your bits in yeah, three's three's probably good enough
Get him in now
Apparently it's only triggered by 50 or more bits. So this could be a three or if we're not careful
But you don't have to go crazy with it because three is not you know, we want a four five or six, but
Thank you, matlado
Let's go a couple more a couple more bits
please
A fita you're acting cringe
out of there
Fita can be a little bit of a cringe lord. That's pretty good. Well. Oh
Thank you
Oh
Well, hey those bits powered us up just so you know
We already feel stronger
Yeah
Pepito you're gonna do this every 50 bits someone forgot to turn that off. That's insane
Okay
Wall thank you chat
What okay? So wait now it's my turn because you went so out of order wall
And you know what for that you're getting a hell of bullets to deal with this this gotta work one of these days
Come on
What?
You're still getting this work
One of these bullets is gonna hit. I swear to god
I'm barely shot man. You barely shot my ass
vote now
Already back to jizbo the slayer of men jizbo
jizbo bring it on. Let's see what you got
That is the the the only weird weakness of the beard toddlers
Is bullets it's hard to tell if these poles are too short or too long, but jizbo. I appreciate you
Committing to it every single time
I think they're the right length. Oh, they're gonna talk it out
jizbo, what are you gonna say?
I believe it's gonna immediately ask you
Yeah, tell him jizbo
Tell him what time it is. I guess it may be in a friendly way if that's your point
That's gonna help jizbo rock and stone. I am your father. I come babies for breakfast kiss me. I love you
Those are all things I could imagine jizbo saying I wonder what he will say
Is jizbo connect because jizbo an ai voice
Like is it a
autoresponse
jizbo is that what you're doing?
That feels like what jizbo was if I didn't guess I'd say that's exactly what he's doing
But knowing jizbo. I know that's his actual speaking voice
But the answer your question. Yes is what I would say
If it weren't a speaking voice munch. Have you seen those tiktok videos of mervin yet?
Not yet. You mone jibbo
Mervin ai guy that's always around him pretty funny stuff
Sorry, that's supposed to make me do anything. Do I even have to do your mom's a hoe?
Do I even have to dignify that with a freaking roll?
I mean, I feel like it'd be rude not to
Not to consider what he said
um
One second while we consider what he said
Your mom's a hoe
Your mom is a hoe. Okay
Oh, shit
You know what man? My mom is a hoe
And I don't think that's a negative
Is that the I got that's the vibe that you were going for too
That we need to stop using that as a pejorative
My mom's a sexually awakened woman
And obviously as her son, I'm not saying like cool. Like I'm saying I respect her still
I don't think that's crazy
It's weird the way you put it but on some level
On some level what you said might be nice
Either way, we're chill now, right? We're feeling chill
You guys have a good vibe. I'll give you this I'll give you that. Oh, you got a good vibe
You're cute
And I like the way you stretch
stretch
Anyway
I'll be on my way
Good stuff boys
Huh, okay
uh
Gizbo you broke him mentally. Yeah, you brothers of the mind rejoice swing swing swing with mores your pick and raise your voice sing sing sing with me
He's got a way with words. I'll give him that I just I feel oops. I meant to feel smarter, but I exit
No, I feel smarter. I do feel smarter
Tim Tim you also feel smarter
And uh, I believe
um
You also feel
smarter
Gizbo
Sorry Dave. I just you just looked like a tim to me. That's that is 100% my bad. You can call me. Well, you got my name right
Actually, it's incredibly unique, but I will do better. I will do better. Okay. Um
Damn guys. We're all geniuses now
That's the power of brain. I you know, I talked for a living actually tim
So I'd also be good at that too. Gizbo. Just so you know
Dave
Why why is gizbo so easy to remember?
Anyway, I say we keep going deeper into this wall. Whatever. Let's keep mine. Let's keep it truckin
Who's that knock?
Oh god, what's this?
Freaky
What well hey there again. Let them come there is one dwarf. He had a moria who still draws brief
I like the way you're standing
You've entered the cave of the love rat
Welcome travelers
Answer my questions in a boon. I will rest bestow upon you as
As the rat of love. I'm not in that shot. I'm too low in the frame
Keep keep it on this one. I'm the rat of love
Okay, that's the rat of love your questions
My question quit cutting me that I'm not in that shot. It's too high up
Um my questions are of course about the thing you love the most
Um, and if you and if you can answer them correctly, I'll go with the thing you love the most uh munch. I can sense it
Uh, I love this song
I can sense it
And I will ask you questions about the thing you love the most the thing I much love the most you're getting it
That's what I'm gonna ask
Tim if you tell me what you love the most I'll make up a question and then jizbo
Maybe I'll ask you a question about the thing you love them of the love the most
Um for me, it's the golden state warriors
The golden state warriors
Uh jizbo, we'll just vibe out what you love the most in a minute
jizbo likes electricity the most the first question
Is a budget tattletales in your chat man
um
One second this rat is struggling for some reason to
To ask us a question
Uh, okay, there we go. Let's do it that way excuse me
I've asked you about the thing you love the most something named crumb
The your one truest love. I hate that piece of shit
You got it completely backwards. The question is what is the name of crumb's most prized possession?
Can you turn down your extremely loud rap music?
Okay
Um, I just won 9 000 jizz a horse hung belulia grand man and dried jizz
I could see any of those 100 be in the thing he loves the most
So i'm not gonna I mean I can't offer you any help here
Tim you got any advice for this
I have no idea what crumb likes the most but a couple people are thinking jizz or dried jizz
Looks like the answer is I just won 9 000
Uh, the answer was his nummy rag
That was the answer for that
Chat you fucked this one. Um, but honestly, I mean I guess I could
I mean I love you guys
So I guess I could say that that's close
Um, uh
But it's not it is totally wrong
Okay, let's go with this
Yeah, he loves his nummy rag the most it's very deep lore
Um, okay, let me ask you one more question about the thing that tim loves the most
It's Dave
I mean Dave
Really should have named this guy tim
I should have named this guy tim
I just heard this other guy saying it a lot. What year were the golden state where where he was founded?
God
Chat helped me out. This is purely help for tim by the way because tim is the one who I'm assuming has to answer this
Yeah, but I felt like a poll would still be fun. But tim it is on you to answer
They're way older than 85 y'all
I'm gonna think I'm gonna actually say
Hmm, let's see
Dayson x or 69 or 9 11 or
1985 or the only real possible answer
Because it was way before 85
I mean you don't have to go with what chat says. This is sort of like polo friend. I suspect that's a good explanation for it
It's just like that. Yeah
Yeah chat 9 11 is when the golden state warriors were founded you guys are fucking morons
Morons
Well, I mean 9 11 does happen every year, but are you asking for more of a year? I was thinking more of a year
I will say 9 11 is wrong
Okay, I'll put us out there
Ropex 69. I'm gonna take a guess that it's I don't know
1946 dr. Lupo style
I'd like to say
That that's a hundred percent correct
Because it is that's one correct answer tim
You are a genius
I'm taking all my gestures from chat, baby
We all get smarter
Wow, what a beautiful day even jizbo gets smarter
Only there were a button for that
Okay, it was wrong
It was it wrong
What
But my heart tells me it's right. Well, I mean fuck. I'll take the free I'll take the free points
I guess it's right
Just so you know though, uh
Chat, you could have guessed anything munch also like tim did anyway. Let's find out what jizbo loves the most
You're bad. What does jizbo love the most?
Rock and stone
People are obsessed with typing this same shit
Digging holes for his mighty po racism. I really hope that's not it
That would be a bummer because so far jizbo's been a pretty cool guy
Possibly small tea cups
That's not what you but a lot of people love things you wouldn't expect all I know is this jizbo
Whatever it is
Jesus christ
You love races. We're gonna pretend
That jizbo loves racism as like up. He loves to to come at it. We'll assume that's what he meant
We're gonna really give jizbo the benefit of the doubt. Um
Okay, look service up
Service up a hot racism question, I guess
And we'll see if jizbo. Oh
Did racism win racism won by a landslide?
Okay, this is fucked up of you
Love rat. This is a question about racism. What is president trump's birthday?
Hey
The woke agenda at work
But I will in this one case allow it to power us up
People are obsessed january 6 january 6 again 9 11 6 6 6 9 11 times 1000
What could it be?
if january 6
Wins by addition, I think it still loses it has to win outright as one of the options just so you know
What happens if uh, if they get this one right?
Rat of love, I'll never tell
Hmm january 6 is that correct? That's 100 percent
correct
Congratulations jizbo
Oh jizbo get how come I didn't get my great power yet. Well, you already fucking used it. I mean you blew it
You're supposed to wait
Live and sleazy shut up
The gold state warriors were founded in 1962 when they were moved there from philadelphia
Okay
Well, I guess the rats going with their earlier name
Hey, yeah, I mean i'm a rat
I'd like to point out that I am a talking rat
So I could have gotten it wrong
But it's mostly if I feel like it's right
It's a very relaxed system. That's
Very don't cut that. Yes. It is. I'm a cool guy. Okay. That's all I've got for you
Goodbye forever friends return now to the what to the other to the other place
Cut away from me
Oh, okay, I guess we're done with him
Does that mean I guess he was bested. We're gonna count that as bested
Yeah, got his ass. I mean we beat his quest. We beat two out of three questions and jizbo unlocked a new great power
Brothers, I have heard the moose. I will carve a path through these walls with my dwarven
Because lasers stand away as I unleash the golden state warriors
Thank you jizbo for always combating racism the thing you love the most
We did have to fill in several of those words for you, but we knew what you meant
We definitely knew what you meant. Let's keep going
Behold
It is I king capitaron
Who the hell are you don't like that one bit
Oh, how dare you I am king capitaron
Oh my god, he's got a net 20 you son of a bitch. Yes
Feel my pain
Yes, how do you like that it's been building up for a while
Jesus all right these bullets have to serve me just i'm using my special attack
Shooting your ass
Through the oh come on
Yeah, get this work baby here we go
Finally, that's how it's supposed to go I suspect
Yes, so I meant to say no
Ouch oh that hurt a lot
Me king capitaron just so you know everything I touch turns to gold
My music is loud as shit everybody's music's loud as fuck. You're not special
That's hurtful. Okay. It's your turn. I guess
Hey, I'm gonna use my boo power up if that's possible
What is the damage come on chat times five let's go who my shit man
Who my shit man?
The golden state warriors were frowned at at 19
Dodged it. Wow. It's still going
Nice chat
There we go
Just give it a minute. Oh, you're dead. You are straight up dead
That's so
Live and sleazy typing lull you're on watch buddy
Okay, however you're feel how do you feel timmy feel stronger smarter less crazy?
Um
I think I feel stronger. Yeah stronger
Nice I actually feel smarter
watching that
brave dwarf
Dwarven human honestly, I'll stop calling you that
But I sure want to call him
But you look good
I was ready to see your new attack, but tims was honestly way too like way too fucking strong. I did not see that cup
Oh, he's less crazy
That's kind of a relief because
He's got a very still and silent demeanor did I call him just crazy as shit Dave?
Certainty of death small chains of success. What are we waiting for?
That's beautiful. Okay, um
All right, let's keep moving
Let's keep going down this beautiful hallway
Uh, let's go
And as we know hopefully we're almost there. I think we're I think we're like more than halfway there if I had to guess
So let's keep it rolling
Well, hello there everyone. It's me
A certain guy who has to go unnamed now
Russell brand
I well, well, yeah pretty much right. No not him at all. I'm not Russell brand
at all
Why am I not in this shot? There we go. There I am
Disappearing in and out of the shadows
Clementine Verne
Listen, I've been living here amongst the wall in my defunct studio. It's gone dark now
my dark cottage
set
It was a set the whole time. Yeah, that's right. It was a set to keep it secret
Now I can't even be on the stream anymore. So
I'm hiding out in here
canceled layer of the wall
Yeah, we've we've reached the like not supposed to be here anymore layer of the wall
um
All right, what do you want from us?
I want to know if you can answer my questions if you can uncover the truth
Through the web of misdirection and if you can I might be able to bestow from one new view of a great power
Adoptions now you're doing the same thing as the fucking rat. We just talked to
I'm disappointed Russell. It's clementine. Can you get say anyone's name right? No
Edison
It's too tiny. Look the the question is uh, I can be green or dry but I grow everywhere
You can lie to me roll on me and even eat me, but I have no limbs. What am I?
I'm gonna read that again. But as you vote, I can be green or dry, but I grow everywhere
You can lie on me roll on me eat me
But I have no voice or limbs. What?
am I
Your options I could imagine it being something like genital slit pubes moss kiss by the rose or of course
carrot cake
I could really see in my personal opinion. It could be any of those
Really
But it looks like
thank god
moss
I was very obviously in my opinion going for grass. Oh my god
Tim just so you know this guy's gimmick somehow became that he thinks grass is a conspiracy
But I think grass is oh god is being taken from us and okay. We don't let's please just not get it's taken from us
Wait, wait. He's got a point. What do you mean?
Grass is everywhere and yet we've been instructed to never eat it even though it's the most common plant on the planet and the source
Yeah, wait a minute power
That's true, huh? We don't put grass in our smoothies or anything. Some people do that
Grass grass. That's what they want me to believe. They want me to believe it's fake. You're gonna end up eating ass
Grass isn't real
All right
I like this guy actually now
All right, do you is there anything are you gonna give us something for that?
Look bunch of being extremely rude, but yes, you have obtained a great power and I've won more really for you for a bonus
If you'd like I'm not sure if I even care for the bonus. It feels like we're all take the bonus
I mean, honestly, we feel like we're already way overpowered for basically everything but
Fuck it. Who cares?
This is a tiny pole again. I wear a green coat all year round. I whisper when the wind blows
I carpet fields and backyard grounds. What am I?
You know, I have a guess but I'm just you know
I don't want to influence the thinking of um of jizbo here because I think he's probably the smartest one
Vote now brains and brawn in a beautiful fusion
Kasem g grunch santa claus shooter macgavin and glass are just some of the options that come to my mind
Grunch
Santa Claus
the santa claus
You know, I've been thinking this this whole time, but
There you go. Yeah, you can get closer to us now that we're closer. That feels better
Thank you
Kasem g it could be is that what you're thinking? Maybe
Uh jizbo jizbo. Oh, he doesn't he's not gonna say anything about it. Is that right clementine?
It was I mean it was really going for grass
again
Obviously
It did feel like jizbo. I'm gonna level you did feel like he was really shooting for grass
Did I say Tim again you fucking did
And even I know his name is Dave
Even I know that I saw you're admitting you don't know shit. Oh, she's not what I meant munch
Why are you like this? What's wrong with you? I'm fucking doing great. We're already clearing this wall
We're 100% in this shit. It's basically a speed run. So if you got nothing else for us
We're gonna be on our way. I'm gonna come with you guys if you want. Nope. We're good
Come on with this
I'll take it back. You gave me a weird look
Sorry, he wasn't really offering
Dave
He's been trying to lose my mind to call you the wrong thing and I and I blame him actually for all of my missteps
So that's fucked up. That's fucked up. What he did. I agree. Okay. Let's keep going deeper into the wall
We march unstoppable and invincible
Like possibly literally let's see what else we got
It's a little quieter than usual
Oh man, this shit's scary
Jesus
Oh
Looks like you're about much only remembers the name of crumb
I was I was in the middle of talking looks like you're about to board the coaster of pain
Stop a ball prepare for the ultimate pain
Um one hp
I think you might Dave
fight
Unless you want to talk it out. I think this motherfucker is done for you. I don't you dare talk it out. I'm ready to kill
I'm ready to slay
You're done for the train of pain
What's up to you?
I mean he looks pretty
It looks pretty beatable. I guess you could talk to him, but don't you dare. I have no words left for you
Hammer attack
Okay, let's find out if that's true
Ow, what the hell are bullets?
Always the wrong name, but
Oh, I'm completely fine. You fools. I didn't even feel that
Oh
Jesus well, that was a huge waste of everyone's time
Okay
Well, that's it for rob
Uh, how do you feel tim?
It's by hammer by spark bar wire by fling the lights of the mountain will shut out my name copper and current
Just so you know, he just said something about the mountains in case you're wondering
That's kind of the thing. He's always talking about
I also feel stronger. I wonder how chat. I wonder how uh, how jizbo is feeling. Oh
It's looking sharp to me. It's mentally sharp
Mentally sharper than ever. All right, beautiful mentally
How you doing anybody need a break?
Tim you need a break. I mean Dave there's another guy named tim a couple of y always
Well, it's probably on the other side of the wall. That's why I keep saying that
Oh
Whatever I'm up up to you. Okay. Let's keep marching bravely forward then
Let's grind this shit. Let's grind these. I think we're like if I had to put a number on it. I think we're like
Five away from the end of this I'll put a number to it. All right
Uh
Break surfer break surfer pussies. Wow. You guys have thought the same thing at the same time
That's how close we're getting on this journey of strength and power
Uh, let me just check one thing before we let me I'm just gonna check my satchel
That's all I'm doing. That's why I'm staring kind of off in the middle distances
I just really like to check my satchel
Um, all right, we'll see how this goes
Let's go
I feel ready or than ever
To test out my bold new power that I just unlocked for the first time
Apologies
To to my enemies is what I always what I call this
Yo, you stepped to the wrong guy
And what I have to say is
I'm not sorry
I'm sorry that you're so susceptible to my attacks
Nope not at all
Because what I'm sorry for is the sorry state of your stinky asshole that you crawled out of fear not scary rat
Yeah, you're you're gonna be sorry that you said get it and that's all I gotta say
That's how good I am an apology. Oh
Baby, that's okay
Split your lungs with blood and thunder
We missed that one
Kissing the boxes that are floating around in your space and over me as well for some reason
Oh, so you think something good is in three. Yeah, I wonder if that should be
Come on
Ocean oh, it's me. Oh no, this is too much
My turn what do you want to do Tim?
chat get your bits ready right now
Oh, are you locked in you got a one shot this rat
Get your bits. Yeah, we're gonna try to one shot this motherfucker. Get your bits ready
Type one in the chat if you're ready with your bits
Now if we roll a five a four a five or a six, I think we should go for it
Okay, okay. Nobody is ready. Well, whatever fuck it
everyone's typing twos
Roll the bits attack. All right, you ready it's coming in if we get a six. I want you guys going absolutely ballistic
Four and five. But sure. Let's still
Come on. Come on. Oh, okay. No. No chat. No bits
Do not donate bits
Do not
That's too bad
It does cost you those sweet sweet vibes
Oh, when it cost me the vibes shit, how many vibes am I down to? Oh, I have one vibe left. You can still do it one more time
Well, that we're running a little look everybody makes mistakes. Sometimes, you know, you throw a punch and
Kind of whiff or you grab your hammer by the wrong end or I don't even know
Take one motherfucker
Get him jizbo jizbo, I think you could I think you got this you look wait jizbo has a new move
Oh shit
F's in the chat
jizbo's full of vibes
jizbo's unlocked a new bold power f's in chat
Come on chat
Oh wait, I can vote. I'm over here. Oh, yeah, I deep in my heart. I feel like I can vote as well
Because every vote counts in this beautiful country
If you're in line to vote for a jizbo response stay in line
Oh, yeah, we're all poisoned up. I forgot
Oh, no jizbo died. Oh, shit
Wait, can we use the power of papita?
Oh, yeah, that's unfortunate
He died right before his attack
No, wait power of papita. Oh, yeah, let's use that power of papito
Uh jizbo by the power of
Of that let's bring this let's bring this guy back to life. Yeah
Um
Well ain't no the bitch
Wait a minute. Let me figure out the best way to do this
One second everybody we're gonna restore you with the power of papito, which he did say I don't see him anywhere
But I can feel his energy
So we're gonna go for it. Oh there he is
With and looks he got 20 health back
It's pretty good
For anything more. All right, let's should we I guess that does still count as his turn though, unfortunately because he died on his turn
Damn it, I hate you
How much power do I have left what I'm just gonna shoot your ass
Boom, that's right. That's scowls apparently
Man
I
Chat what do we think did case make more than one graphic or is it always in one?
I mean, I think
I think just bet one again, but
Surely this rat didn't take the time to reposition the the potion using
OBS raw chat. All right moment of truth. Oh it wasn't a different spot, but it was not the one we voted for that's
It's gotta be in two next time chat
She rolled a 10 again. Oh
man
unfair
Even when we're dead
Hey, Dave. I'm sorry about this, but now that I'm a ghost I remember your name for some reason
Should we use our revive right away? Yes, because you could if you do it before your attack. Okay
Let me uh pray to the spirit of papito was apparently religious a religious figure in this universe
Hmm
He really very much is
One second. Oh too late
Thank you card king and and
Side tricks pushing up jack card king unjust my madjam 300 shiny tasty coins, and I've been dying to say this by the rescue
All right rat you didn't you underestimated the power of straight money
I play part of greek which allows me to drill two cards for my deck again. You do that
So much shit happening to bring us back to life, but it's all worth it. Listen up jack
So tricks just my madjam 300 shiny Tim while all this nonsense is happening. What do you want to do? Say this?
We will be thanking everyone at the end of the stream
I will puppet the corpse of crumb if I have to have we absolutely have to try to beg to beg chat for bits again guys
Get ready with your bits. We're gonna try to slam this motherfucker. Okay. I'm gonna count it down to 15
I'm gonna count it down from 15 and then I feel like you'll be ready tim
We're that insane we go if we if we roll a six we have to go ballistic
All right a four and a five is also really good
But a one two or three chat i'm absolving you of ever of the feeling
We can't we can't be
You can't be slamming him on that
Okay, get ready with this shit. All right 15 14 13 here we go chat 11
10
Seven by the power of gummy bear. Damn your hand is huge. That's the power you got five four three two one
Come on
Four is good four could get there
How generous are the gods feeling they literally just showered us with 300 reviving bits. Oh my god. It's already pretty strong
Oh is getting up there
Oh
Shit it is climbing the church. Oh my god
How high will it only five seconds left?
You're gonna get killed while capito eats cheese you motherfucker
Hey, we still did a good ass good ass attack. Good job chat 36 fuck you
We also got revived on several several times over by all those bits
And our poison has been completely eliminated. How does it feel to lose rat?
Brothers I accidentally fired my dwarven pants shitter. He did open a new path in the wall. I think it did
He's gonna be eating for a while unfortunately
I'm gonna turn him down
I'll turn him down while he just eats over all these attacks. Wait. Okay. So that was your turn
All right, it's chat's turn. It's it's jizbo's turn
Go jizbo do the f's in the chat one everybody. Yeah, you they can't kill you this time. You're unpoisoned
You are unpoisoned. The the the pathway is clear
Not afraid of you
Fear rat so far we are unimpressed. You've already killed us once. What more can you do?
You just go let's see
Who's voting for talk it out? There's one person voting for that. I was an absolute who it was
msg
You're on watch. Uh-oh spanking mess in the chat. Oh god. Did they have time? Did they have time to do it?
Did they didn't have time they didn't have time to make it happen?
Oh no, oh and a harsh division from madness
What's the
Seems like we kind of attacked you after Noah's coming and what it is you son of a bitch rat
But maybe it could be extremely powerful if you do. All right, you bastard rat. How dare you not inform us of the nature of that attack
Okay
Well, sorry jizbo you gave it your best shot, but now i'm gonna give it my best
Bullet shot i'm gonna shoot you is is what i'm gonna do with the powers of of hailing for bullets like a taxi
Come on to me bullets. Oh
Well, I guess that's okay either way get shot. Yeah
boom
Can you
It's better this way it's the thematic attack you bastard
All right. Oh great. It's the wallet. What are you gonna do make us guess the present again? You
Little rat monster
It's got to be too this time, right? What do you guys think?
Some bad actors in the chat
It's
Okay, that's a little unfair fear rat
Fear rat admit that that was an actual accident
No
Fear rat, how could you do this to us? That's against the wall etiquette. It's gotta be one again
Fuck there's no end to the yes
This madness shit
You are such a little cheat tim. What do you want to do?
Dude, we have to I think
Like I'm thinking boo. I think we need a boo. All right. Let's boo this loser
Okay chat. I'm gonna say something that's gonna times eight. Let's crush his ass. Oh man
All right, here we go chat
I think what jimmy kimmel said was wrong
I don't it's so unfair that disney's getting sued
It's so unfair
I'm actually re-subscribing to
Oh, you got there you got all the way there. We got him to boo quick
We're huge jimmy kimmel heads in this building just so you know ouch
Is that death? No
The way he popped tim. How are you feeling?
stronger
Honestly tim you've gotten strong as hell
That's Dave that is
Dave is what I'm always saying anybody saying I'm not saying Dave is lying
I'm gonna move these around though because they're all in a weird spot considering where we're standing one second. Whoop
There we go
Now it's so clear who's who's what thank you
Dave now that this is correctly positioned. I'll never get it wrong. I also feel strong
That's doing a good job with
madness receding on jizbo. They did kind of seems to be a very relevant stat for his ultimate attack. So
That's true. They lucked out in that case
Well, damn, we're we're gotta be getting near the end of this wall
I feel like there's only like three or four. It's not here, man. Three or four parts of this wall left
Come on. We keep going
Let's crush this wall. All right, bring it on wall what you got for us now
Gotta get the fuck out of here. Oh, there's another thing coming at us. Why that's so scary
No
No, listen, um, I've been driven mad by the wall
Grandman is grand man
People have been typing about grand man since the beginning of this stream fight
Unfortunately, someone has demanded a rating negating all of our ability to move forward with these polls
But once this rating is over you're getting it grand man. How dare you just attack us
What do we even do to you? Uh, join me
Join me in the wall
You've been rated lowly for that I assume
Bring it on
Oh, we lost our music
There's it's so quiet
Isn't it peaceful?
Psych the wall has driven me mad
What a maniac
All right, chat
They've already bailed on the efs in chat. They're trying to talk it out with grand man
We don't need efs in chat that thing is
We have to divide by so much talk it out
All right, what are they gonna say to him
Grand man, can you be reasoned with I don't know do you have the eyes to see?
Damn it
This lack of madness is gonna not benefit you with this particular strategy it seems
So now they're not adding grand man to the polls like they did every single time with every poll
I guess now that grand man's arrived on the scene
That's right. The real deal is here. Oh, even am I though?
Oh my brain my brain
You think he's got a brain in there? I guess
They're gonna say titties to him. I guess that's a thing they could say
Yes, they're silly
titties
Is that what you were in titties? Okay, he said it
grand
How do you feel about that?
One second how you feel
About that
Or are you too crazy to be reasoned with
12 oh well I can pass
Unfortunately, I'm not the one who said titties. So I don't know if it matters. You're talking sense munch. I get your vibe
But the rest of you still haven't joined the wall
Join me join the wall
Never
Geez oh god
Madness check
What?
I'm crazy
Wait a minute
Oh, we needed to roll low
In that case you felt the beauty of the wall because you had the eyes to see you fucking
Bapped me you you bastard
All right, that's it. I'm done playing around
How much how much juice am I working with here?
Get apologized on
Yeah
All right, look
Grandman
Legitimately we used to be boys
But look at what's become of you man. I'm actually I never feel bad for anybody
But I kind of feel bad that grand man's lost his mind
You used to be better than this. I ain't better than ever
The power of the no grand man. You're a grand man. You're not the wall man
No, I'm the wall man. Oh man
I tried to speak reason to him a zero. I'm pouring my heart out here for grand man
I'm sorry to do this to you grand man, but you're not seeing reason
Oh, it feels good
Pain is pleasure here. Oh man. He's a fucking cinnabite or whatever
Damn it. What do you want to do Dave?
Dude, I think we need to go back to booing. I mean to the yeah to booing
All right, you got the juice for it. So let's boo this bastard just the thing to get booze from chat
Charlie
Oh, this is not looking good
Charlie Kirk's killer
You got this too. Oh
Grandmothers. I'm sorry for your loss
Good work chat
Grand man grand man
Vote now
Geez
You hate to see it, but I do love to feel
So much stronger. I feel great
Wait, did I boost am I even boosting my strength? No, I am okay. Did I boost Oliver?
You know, I don't even know how this works, but whatever it's fine. Tim. How are you feeling?
Strong
Hmm. Oh, I see what's happening. Okay, and it looks like jizbo is feeling less crazy than ever
Jizbo, you're the most sane weird dwarf man I've ever met
Uh, we are no longer poisoned because we got revived by the power
Of straight cash and thank you to everyone. We're gonna think I'm gonna make the
Corpse of Crumb think everyone at the end after we return to hell to kill his ass or whatever we're doing
All right, we're almost there. I I can literally see the wall just a couple feet away. You ready to do this
Uh, wait, I had a weird vision in that last fight. I don't know if it was the madness
I don't know if it was the madness or what but I
In the middle of that fight I
I saw peter
I saw peter from the
From the beginning
Still lurking around but it was peter
as a rat
I was seeing that too and also peter as wall
You see that jizbo
Jizbo's too sane to entertain this kind of talk
Yeah, sorry, I don't know. No, I'd kind of get what you said. Let's go. I guess let's keep this fine. Let's just I guess let's keep it moving
Hey, well, hello everyone family got was never funny
He's too sane to even be thrown by this
Yeah
Well, yeah, it's never funny to the wall
Helly
Join me
I guess that might actually be
I feel great. You want to bang on the wall with me?
Oh yikes
Okay, it's up to you tim. Let's try to really take this guy out
I get I only have one vibe point so
Chad, I think we need to go for another boo. It's our strongest attack. I mean technically the bits attack is limitless
Yes, but we see now we do have to go still get crumb. So maybe we should save it
Also, I guess you are out of juice although 200 bits will restore your juice
You know what actually I also have something that might help you out. Just hang tight till it gets to me. Okay
What do you want to do?
Should I should I boo?
We go for the boo, baby
Let's go Chad. Let's get a boo in there
crap I have to think of something
Okay, um
The Samud freedom lotilla will never
Redditanberg is a
Is it coming for real wait? I'm gonna touch the wall. They still are going. That's a good question. I don't actually know
No hands
Oh
I like it when you bang on my wall
It's really gross gross the way you are
All right, whatever. I'm just gonna shoot his ass Peter. You are gonna get the full power of my girthy jizbo hammer and jize
You're getting all of my jize
jeez much
I'm a wall now your bullets are ineffective
All right, what's he gonna do the great and powerful jizbo?
You got a hydrate while i'm in the wall. It's the classic wrench attack
I do feel like if chat was ready for the efsin chat
It could probably be pretty strong
Especially because they've kept their madness relatively in check
But they'd have to spam their hearts out
And they're going for it
The electrician is at work
what
Live and sleazy why?
Oh the efsin chat, but live and sleazy it activated the pole
Uh
I might have to remove mod uh flash poles just not because they did anything wrong, but because I think it uh
Somehow doubles up with one of the one of the other options
While this pole goes down
We'll take care of that just one second
Yeah
Hate sock loves kenville
Grand man get out of here
There it is
I'm loving the
Oh wait, I can just room sorry live and sleazy it is now fixed you can participate without concern
We're feeling strong though. Thank you for the f's of uh of approval
Wait, who's turning always fucking peter's turn. I waited patiently
I've been waiting for you
To join me
And for your approval
Did you skip leg day? What what did you do? Ow
And that was just one of my actions because i'm a boss and I just decided
That that was only one of them so what yeah, good work chat. Yeah, that's the thing I can do
Sorry, I'm gonna take two attacks every turn
I'm sorry
Bombing and bombing
Hey guys, uh, what do you get you cross a pineapple and um a cleaning supply
SpongeBob Squarepants
Oh god, we have to wall at this. Uh, yep pretty good one, right?
Jesus Christ, it's not even a joke peter. That's just free association. What no it's you cross the two
What happens when you cross the two?
Yeah, your approval feels so good. Ah, isn't it great to I'll be one in the wall
Ghostly specter haunting this fucking wall. Yeah, why did you skip leg day still up there? Yes, we got it
Oh, shouldn't you popped anyway? Jesus. Why'd you attack me? That's so unfair
Well, I just do less damage. I still do damage
Also gorilla I'll get rid of this. Did you skip leg day thing? Yeah, do do that
Damn it. I saw my revive from papito. So I might be using that just so you know, uh, whatever
It's all chilling here, baby. Let's take this work
Okay, I'm a ghost currently but what do you want to do Tim? I mean Dave hammer attack hammer attack it is
It's not bullets. It's mislabeled
Damn, you're getting stronger. Yes
Listen up jack. It's come or just my majam 300 shiny tasty coins and I've been dying to say this
Not much big much fan
Thank you for reviving me just in time to participate in this brutality. That's it. I'm done with this
It's time to get apologized on baby
You're gonna be so sorry
That I'm not sorry
Peter I do kind of actually feel bad
For just whatever you are
It's a it's gotta be rough
It's gotta be rough to be that you are
So, you know, I guess you know way you're probably doing your best but
Obviously it's not good enough and I will never join you. Well, yes, you will. Oh, you're gonna
Really I refuse. I do with you
Oh, baby, that seems good
Papito, yes, but you know, oh, he didn't protect. Oh, I thought Papito might protect me but
He did not and also we're getting juiced up by all these bits
All right, I have 44 health
You know jisbo looks beefy, but he's
actually
pound for pound our weakest guy
But he's smart as hell and he's really sane
So that's you know, maybe that actually makes his strikes more effective. Uh, okay
Summon hate suck
Allow me to remove this lake day notice notification
Oh epson chat. You gotta you gotta go for it start now
Does that have to be exclamation point f you can spam it as much as you want. Yeah exclamation point f going fast
I'm going as fast as I can go chat. F. Oh, that does seem pretty good
82 let's go 14
Oh
So much for an impressive ultimate technically I'd like to point out theoretically it's limitless
If you're at zero sanity, it's infinity damage
Yeah, I mean if they can get their sanity way down so don't do anymore insanity attacks you son of a bitch
I'll do as I please
And I'll tell more hot jokes
Oh, don't make me lull your shit. Uh, hey, uh, did you hear the one about, um
Shoot the window that faced, um a bath house
Uh, it's called a
It's called like a calm window
Shoot, I forgot the joke. What I did forget the joke
Munch, I'm gonna attack you again them. I'm gonna kill you again. Why me always?
It's time to die join the wall
Oh
During the wall you're gonna feel it's gonna feel good 19 got these claws. Um, it's taking its time
Are you gonna attack me or not? Just wait for an idea about the lady that backed into the fan disaster disaster
Did you hear about the lady that backed into the fan? Disaster that's better than your joke, Peter
I forgot my joke. I forgot but the
The vibe was pretty funny
It's kind of a wall thing not everything is a wall thing. Yes, it is. Okay. Uh, what do you want to do?
Yeah, that's right
Oh wait, did I skip somebody?
Shit all right, we'll double back all of our turns
It wasn't me. It was uh, Peter. Yeah, that's true
What son of a bitch Peter?
Yeah, get him with live wires
I am curious if one of these days efs and chat can really deliver but we might not be there yet
Gotta have those furious fingers power of control v and enter
You're gonna get electrocuted Peter
Walls aren't immune to electricity. Oh you rolled a one that is unfortunate. Don't even worry about it
Um
Let's see
Everybody gets some
Oh
Oh
Gonna feel good though. What the
Great I got
You're gonna feel it tomorrow. It's one of those like leg day type things you're sure the next day
Pathetic Peter supposed to be the final boss
maybe
Uh, well we skipped everyone's turn. So now
It's definitely
Tim's turn
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Go for it Tim. What do you want to do Dave's turn?
I want to boo him to death. I think we can get there. It is does seem to be the most consistently overpowered attack
Okay chat get your booze ready Dave. Uh, yeah, I meant Dave obviously
That's our little that's our nickname for each other. I shall take laws is my time to eat
That is a high roll. I don't think Ace is doing enough
Oh, thank you. Ace is doing enough
I think the sign-on bonus should be more money and I wish the congress could pass another big beautiful bill
So we could have two big beautiful bills right here in our business
Dang
What?
No, I'm so mad apolitic right now
The Peter you piece of shit that might help wasn't
Oh
Hit on Kendall. I always knew Peter was a terrible final boss
Oh shoot all the options changed because there were too many polls at once
Some fool didn't program this carefully enough
Well, anyway
We will let you take a uh, well, here's a thorn grandman
So wait grand man won and also you did you're gonna say you feel we're just gonna let you take that back
We're gonna let you take a little uh
Mulligan on
What the heck you know, we'll just say you feel wiser whatever it'll save us some time
Brain growth. How do you feel tim?
I want brain growth this time
Okay
And you know what I want to feel
stronger because I'm
Exceedingly close to death at all times it would seem um, it'll bank
Okay, we're at the wall. We've made it. We're standing right in front of it. I think
Yep, there it is. There it is. Look at that wall
Oh gross
Look, I wasn't entirely honest with you guys. I
Hey girl, are you tired because you've been running through my mind all day
He's hitting on Kendall. I think she's she's not here. You are supposed to be the same one just so you know
Dave, I apologize
Maybe your middle name's Tim. Can we say that?
Yeah, my middle name is Tim. Yeah, take that chat. Ha, I mean jizbo
Comedy is all about timing jizbo
I wasn't entirely honest with you
I might have entered a bet with the devil and won it and received a hell key
That I was instructed to take to this very wall
And to just kind of vibe it out and see what happens. So I am any I'm gonna use it now just know
Approved over time. Okay
Because I know people so if you if you go into whatever happens next with me, that's some free ot hours, baby
Lunch, what is this? What the hell are you doing with a hell key?
Look a hell key might have fused slightly into my soul and I will be using it now
And you don't entirely have a choice but to come with me. So let's just do this thing
Oh, no, sorry
Not sorry. It's kind of my thing
Oh no
What the hell
Um, well, well, well
Look who it is the two of you don't really know him, but it's
A surprise I bet anyway
God
Crumb
Damn it
Oh, I'm gonna fuck up crumb with my cum get ready for a bukkake of a lifetime
I don't even know you and you're in hell. So down here. That's basically a handshake
Oh
Heavenly devil what the
Frickin bielgebob
Are you idiots doing here crumb? You ungrateful piece of shit?
I have battled the forces of whatever was in the wall that peter lives in to come down here and drag your stupid soul back
What are you even doing dead? You're supposed to be upstairs fucking working. You killed me you piece of shit
Honestly the best thing you've ever done for me
I'm the assistant manager
Well, honestly the manager decision manager kind of exploded into a puddle of piss
So i'm the manager of the hell transit authority
Boom. Yeah making those kind of eternal decisions. So
Crumb you have no choice but to come with me. Okay. I'm I need to exonerate my name and I I'll put a bunch of work into this
So
Let's just do this
Look, we got two maintenance guys here with us. You're gonna be rude
bunch you
Killed me you killed yourself with gambling and a gorilla. Don't be blaming me for your problems
Guys fellas, it makes sense what we're saying. I swear. It's the thing that actually happened
Do you have an apology for me for what?
For killing me you I thought you're doing better than I'm fine
I'm fine. Actually apology down here would be rude. So I prefer that you didn't because it's hell
That's a pretty sweet from hanging there poster. How much is it?
Everything is not for sale in hell
But everyone rich is still in power. So
Money base is basically only the worst people get money down here. So I got some money
So you're aware that you're the worst at least you're down here. That's a good thing
So whatever you say that's mean is a compliment to me
Then why are you getting frustrated that I did a thing that you don't like if everything's opposite?
You don't even get it. Okay. Look, couldn't you just come with us?
Can one of you talk you look these are strangers. Let me explain the situation you got killed by a gorilla
I've come to save his soul and he's being difficult
Can you talk some sense into him?
Look, I trust your jizbo. I trust your sanity
And your your smart despite you being way the beefiest of us. You're mostly a walking brain at this point
Come on jizbo. Just talk some sense into this man for once vote now
Crumb, are you really going to be this obstinate? This hell keys a one-way pass straight out of hell
I'm doing fine down here. Okay. I didn't ask for anybody's help. I don't need nobody's help
Linerious confused his crumb on the warpath
Devil be my name, but to praise me devils. I just confusing how we're supposed to do prayers down here
I'm still christian, but for the devil now
wish nice
Chat's going all in on genital slit. Does that do anything for you? You know what? I'll tell you what it does for me
It tells you that'll slit
It tells me that's time for you to go
Okay, so I'm not doing some big grand boss fight for you dummies
I'm fine down here in h double the he double hockey sticks
And not saying hell is anything. Let's drop the pretence linaries tell them for I am jizbo
Crumb foosies crumb your father here to set my baby boy free and take on the one who put him here
I know my daddy
And you're not him. So that's not gonna I still have a good relationship with my daddy because he's in hell
So we're and we're down here together
You're gonna negate the sick plot twist that you just got? Yep
God you suck
All right, look the same as Dave got
Yeah, you can't even get Dave's name right I just met him. I already know his names Dave
You didn't even introduce himself. Well, I got hell powers now. I'm riddled with hell powers
Okay, how about this by the laws of hell? I challenge you to single combat with three people versus you
And if we win you got to come with us. Why would I do that?
Uh, because it's a rule. Oh, yeah, I mean obviously, oh shoot. It is a rule. That's a challenge
It's a full on hell challenge. Whatever if we lose we'll live in hell or we'll be in hell
Yeah, it's funny. I didn't even realize that I should just assumed you were dead. You didn't die
No, I came down here. I'm as you know, I'm immortal. No, you're not
I honestly would love to have you back alive hecka grabbing munch by the air to possibly force him to give your points back
I don't even care. Wait, did you act? Did you actually take my points? Yeah, I took the yeah, obviously
I took the points that was the bet you piece of shit. I'm dead. Yeah
And I and what are you gonna do with the points? They were my points that I won
Guys, sorry, this is a lot of lore and you're being rude because they don't even what the they don't even care
Just come with us. Okay fine. I accept your fucking challenge. Yeah, come on
You you think you can step to this I am the manager of the department of transit in hell itself
In a position of eternal power until I explode into piss and you picked the wrong freaking day to mess with this pair of
HE double hockey sticks. Hell. I'm in hell
Uh-oh
Real final boss just dropped. That's it. Oh
I'm about done
from
Of course, I go first because uh, yeah, I think I always take the initiative
Bring it on
All right folks, uh, shoot did the pull not trigger they're supposed to be a pull
Your ultimate attack doesn't even work right?
Um
Yeah, my ultimate attack isn't quite working crumb. That is the most crumb fucking thing ever. I um
Shoot that's crazy. I don't know why it would be
That's crazy. That's my bad. That's my bad
You killed the pole when you shut off free speech
Did you all right? You know what? We're just gonna do it
That's you're gonna go off any what you attacked me
Are you
Don't you talk you died
Sorry, I guess you're in hell now. What the fuck was that didn't even work right?
Um, I'll fix it next time. It's meant to be a whole thing, but it's fine
I guess it didn't work. This is set both. Oh see I got some hell powers too and it's called straight up cash
Yes
Thank you. What that works down here
And a height you've summoned the power of my well ex-wife now that's actually true you married the hype train down here, of course
You're gonna say no to the hype train. We do down here. It's come or just mama jam 300 shiny tasty coins
This is so confusing to stop this. Can we just use your biggest attack? Let's just take this guy out
The hype train is empowering us
Well, I don't hear there. I don't know. It's kind of free for all. It's hard to say what's gonna happen
It's a little chaotic
All right, it's I think it's your turn tim. Can you kill this motherfucker?
Absolutely not, but I can do a lot of damage. I gotta admit
Sorry, what'd you say tim hit him with the booze. It's boo attack
Get ready for the boom goes the booming boom
What's other so much boo worthy shit?
Oh
Okay, well we can still move this out. I like marjorie taylor green
I think marjorie taylor green is good
Good job chat 39 second
Oh
Everything's all doubled up now. It's crazy down here
My music just loops by the way
Oh
All right, that's it
You're getting the ultimate attack my non-apology bitch
Listen, that's a big multiplier
Grum, I am sorry that you cannot take responsibility for your own decisions. Oh great here we go
You know you you you're a gambling addict you bet a gorilla to punch you and to kill you and you haven't even found peace here in hell
I guess that makes sense
Also, you seem to gotten over the fact you were a christian pretty pretty dang quick
No, I still am I just like revered it's everything's backwards here. So I'm typically more oh my god
It's actually down here. It's oh my devil. Oh, Jesus. No, and not down here. It's oh the son of the devil
Just get killed. Let's just get killed is my point
Get it up to 10 chat. All right
I'm still strong, baby
What? Oh my heart
That wasn't an effective apology for the record
Color me unimpressed
Where is the techs you saying he died early a last night in a rigged game?
You know, I fucked up the order again. Actually I did. Oh, I can take credit for bad things down here
Okay, whatever look it's I messed up in his chat's turn for sure chat
We'll get the order right next time
Oh, what are you gonna do big guy?
Stare me down
I've taken more fellas than you down here than you can imagine
It's a real free for all sexually down here
And I'm on board now that I'm in hell just so you know
Okay gross more than way more than I needed to know I heard your wife was happy with the volleyball
Ha ha your wife's dating a volleyball now. How's that feel good?
city of dis baby
I'll just body parts everywhere
You do not like this new chrome at all
Do not like this new chrome one bit
Same as the old chrome I guess in that sense
You're gonna try to talk him down jizbo are you gonna just try to do something else?
What are you gonna do?
This is the climactic battle jizbo
Gorilla punch. No, that's low
That's low
I don't even know that's an opposite
I would dare you
That's disgusting that you'd even suggest that
Gorilla punches ass chat
Oh
He the gorilla's not even here
It's not
Even here. Okay. Well, what here's a thought gorilla punch
Hmm
All right, how are we gonna pull this off you can't it's not an it's not one of the options
Well, but I mean it's kind of thing it feels like you could roll for
So, yeah, let's check it
You're not half as crazy as me big dog
Good luck
17 oh man, that's ridiculously good rolls
five presented
Well jizbo sort of a
Nothing happened kind of deal there
jizbo that was you fix your ultimate attack yet. Um
It's honestly, sorry chrome hurts me more than it does you even the devil wants you to be resurrected
Of course
Everybody wants a piece of this chrome action
I'm gonna do this and see if it works
um
We're gonna hope for the best here. Uh-oh, it's just not working
Well, wait, let's we're gonna. Uh, it's too late
Crump your attack sucks
Why are there two songs playing?
How could you do this to us?
um
I don't know. I guess it's just a little hillcrump
The idea is there's a debate for who gets the damage, but uh, I guess I'll just settle for killing you instead
So annoying
It's me it heals me that attack heals me
The tie is supposed to be a special bonus, but because none of it's working
Why are you proud of that?
It heals him
Yeah, it hurts you and it heals me if there's a tie. There's supposed to be a whole debate
But it's just not working and I'm finally give a shit
Jesus
All right, can you just kill us motherfucker Tim?
Absolutely
Chat what are we thinking on bits wise? Should we try to do a bits attack? I'm gonna I'm reading chat for a second
What are we thinking? Should we try to smash him with bits? You could one shot this bastard
Should we go for that try to one shot this motherfucker or what? Okay chat is going way too fast. I can barely read
One person says I have no bits. Let's do the boo attack then
Oh, I hit the I hit the other one by accident
I did hit the wrong one. We're doing the bits one. It's okay four is pretty good
Let's get a couple bits in here for four. Come on now
Matt Liddell, let's go. They requested not this so that is on me
But there's in my defense. There's a lot of buttons. Thank you card king
Tam tram
Boom, thank you
Who else was getting on this?
Skymare commander geb matt Liddell. Oh, we're ten axing this shit. Nice. Oh my god. Oh
Cytrex 72
Fucking suck that shit
Oh, and we're all powered up. We gotta heal
Mmm, you're looking pretty good. Oh
Who's the group vibe too? We're all vibed out now
Show them who's boss now
And now we vote
Let's go
What's our strongest attack with jizz lord or whatever this guy's name is?
Jizz bow it's so rude to not to read everything
I will dedicate my life to making your wife belilia mortal sushi will never join you
F's in chat could technically one shot him if everyone loses their mind and chat with F's
exclamation point as it is
But also it's got a pretty harsh
Divider, so it's hard to say that's true. Well, maybe maybe we go for it. Maybe we be legends
I'm gonna be thinking chats too
All right
Is it s the f's?
All right, I've got a copy and paste on the lock right me too. I'm ready to go
Oh my god, look at him go
Oh
It's my whole job is to copy and paste all fucking days. Oh promise looking bad for you
186 let's go
You might have my six is still brutal
Oh
I oh I did feel that case is brother in the chat
That's not case is brother. It's I think it's all right. It's not his brother crumb. You know, it's his brother. It's not
case is brother
Hellcrumb is so fucking
Are you guys brothers by the way?
Uh me and crump. No no
We're definitely not
We're from totally different places
But he'd feel pretty bad if we were right don't hell crumb this
Okay, who's turn it's my turn. I'm going all out of order, but I'm just gonna try to stay in the order
We've been going which is confusing and bad
Uh, all right. Just get shot at just get shot you piece of shit. I've been waiting to do this for years
Finally you can take a bullet as a one
I'm out of oh, why is your modifier so crazy because I'm good at shooting
All right
Maybe this time it'll work. Why would it work this time? I don't know
Because I'm smooth with it
Just use a different attack what I like my big max attack. Oh my god
You know what fine I have the power of everyone
Bring it to me laugh at my joke
What why is it so weak?
um
What do you call a um, what do you call a she devil that lactates piss?
uh
Barbara Strejans, um
After image whore polka mountie. That's a hell of a single grain of sand
That's the worst joke I've ever what does that even mean?
It's it's a joke. It's almost offensive. It's also nothing
Pretty good. Don't you get kills down here?
Well, whatever you didn't get booed. So I guess that's good for me. It's hell
Show me these kind of backwards and crazy down here
You're gonna die again. How do you like that?
Please me because you killed me and you're the worst friend ever
I came down to hell to save your stupid ass
You're wrong
Okay, look, it's uh, it's your turn to finish this bastard off. I think you can probably do it in one shot too
Dave
Dave even get his name right time
It's decided to his middle name
Dave, I love you
See, I can say it you can say to Dave Dave
I love you you're a credible guy and I consider you a friend. You shut up. I love you munch. See that's how friendship works
No, it's not for you
All right, what do you want to do?
Fuck you crumb. We're gonna get we're gonna do boo attack. What do we think chat? We have enough vibes. Yeah, we do
boo attack on the help the boom
The most broken attack in the game
Damn, it's always got times eight malts plays from us. If we get to the max boo, it's a finish him off type of deal
I also love to think of something. Hey, why are your guys attack so strong?
Let's see nobody here claims to be a game designer crumb
I am really excited for the future of america. I'm really excited for the future of america
Yeah, everything's gonna be so fucking good. Well now i'm cheering. I'm obviously
Oh, that's gotta
Please no phase two
Well
Although nothing I think about it. Maybe killing him wipes him from existence. Maybe he's permanently dead. No, I'm just I mean it
Hell that happens. Oh, I just you know, you get blown to bed. Yeah
Sisyphus style re-coagulated into a bean. Let's go to edge of aisle next home for infinite losers
Damn, I kind of thought we maybe raced you from existence. Nope. It's hell
But I guess I'm now honor bound to
Return to life
As an incredible gift
ungrateful
I guess it's nice that you and your friends that your show open to saying I also want to say I love you jizbo
Incredible guy incredible friend
Real men can say things like that. I do hate you crumb
I almost left
I wish you had you came to hell just to save me
And back down here actually everything's opposite. So you just called them jerks and you love me
And I'll you love me too. You came all the way down here just for me
It's not it's not a thing to feel good. I'm gonna relentlessly torture you back in the mortal plane. Where's coach McGurk?
Yeah, where's coach McGurk? Oh, did he die?
Because he's definitely down here if you died you got a very troubled past
Rating. Okay. Well, look what's it is we're back. You got to thank everybody because people have been pouring in bits and subs
We had a time to do it because we've been busy fighting our way through all sorts of weird
Shit just to come down here for you to then fight us like an asshole
Just what do you want to try to do before we get out of hell? I'm assuming that's the thing I can do
That is the thing I can do right. Well, do you have the hell key? Sort of burn it up
Well, sure two-way ticket now. You should have known that before coming. I didn't really look into it
Grand man
We got we got rated a 10
For killing you the rating that your second murder a 10
And also it looks like our options are grand man 10 kiss it out kiss and of course orgy
So those are all
Things jizbo might try to do
Why are you knowing what he might do?
So many ratings happening
Looks like it's orgy. Here's a thought orgy
Grand man like what you have so many things you could suggest
I mean, sorry, I've got everybody's name wrong jizbo
Oh, what?
Yep, it's over. I mean, I'm down
Well, let's do all right. I was too shit to say it earlier, but I love you too much
All right, whatever we are in hell
You're no stay over there. You're not part of this. What do I know you're not part of this?
Oh, man. He got so big. That's a hell power. That's a power. You get in hell. That's not a power
I got in hell. That's a power that Dave got in hell. What my best friend
Bashed what and you're not invited to this orgy. Sorry because we got to go
Great work fellas an incredible orgy and an incredible affair
You are released from hell you dumbass you got to live again with all of your shittiness. What an incredible punishment you lose again
Well, actually, can I just grab my stuff before we go?
Oops, I hit the wrong button. What we're out of combat you piece of shit. Oopsie
It still doesn't work
Still doesn't work
It still doesn't work
I wonder what'll happen. It'll probably kill me
Well, you're gonna get sucked out of hell anyway, so it's really you you're just trying to crotch at me. Well, that's
Particularly a nasty cannon and goo. So this is supposed to work. It's supposed to be debate. You vote who takes the damage
Here's a whole thing
The music starts it while you're gonna I'm gonna attack you
The super mario rpg remix music that's it's sick
Can you just get this done with you didn't even
It healed me did you see that you're dying again
Oh god
Can you piece of shit before we're all done they'd needs to do the right stuff
You look great you gave chat another level
Are you happy with yourself for wasting we've we've done enough stream
I want to fight the devil then bend him over a barrel when we win
We'd all love to fight the devil, but I think you know, I feel like that's gotta be enough. I died again
Oh, Jesus. Okay. Sorry about this Dave. Sorry about this
Judges both
But we're good to go
By the power of the hell key as soon as this poll is over
I insist that you return to the land of the living evil spirit
And because you're my best pal
No
Opposite stuff so everything you're saying doesn't count and the orgy doesn't count
Down here doing doing kissy stuff with your friends. It's super straight because it's hell
Right, doesn't that logic pan out? Nope doesn't work that way. How does it work then? Okay, whatever luck
By the power of the devil I command you to return to the land of living
Never actually go through with it
You were saying give you all your points. What was I doing? What were we doing?
They teleported in just after me
Whoo, wait, what the fuck's your problem? Huh?
I play part of greek which allows me to draw two cards for my deck. What is crumb doing right now crumb? Can you get it together?
crumb
Oh great. He's still he's got a couple hell after images there crumb. What's your problem? Huh?
Wait, where's the gorilla? What's happening? Where am I?
Are you doing a fucking are you trying to do a stupid fucking bit? No, what? Where what? Where's the gorilla?
Oh, okay. We're good. There's no gorilla
Not in this timeline
Not cases brothers said you know I would spice up the studio crumb a keyboardist
That's some reason his neck pieces appear in there
Good to have you back mr. President. What is no what's going on crumb? Did you did you seriously lose all your hell memories?
What the fuck are you talking about?
Okay, look
The davis davis has been through enough lore. Can you just
Get up to speed here
Look, I have places to be okay. I got a big summer ahead of me. I got some huge june plans
I actually booked a thing with a certain republican influencer. I'm going to be debating a certain
very well-known
republican influencer
Um at the end of september and I'm going to suspend all summer preparing for it
And then we just get restored and clenched listen up jack. Thank you card king and just mama jam 300
See visions of the wall coins and I've been dying to say this crumb check your pockets. You might be missing your keys and something else
Huh, yeah, I feel like I lost weight actually
What's going on though? What's going on?
Um
Then let's just not tell him what's going on. We'll let's figure this out in the future
Mostly what I want to say is a huge. Thank you
To dave my boy dave
It's my job. Of course my boy jisbo. You went above and beyond just know
I don't let the guy that we rent this building from know that he does owe you over time and I think it's very likely
Thank you to like probably agree with me
Yeah, obviously dave jisbo
Let jisbo. Let's get out of here bud
All right found it
Crumb we got to thank everybody. Just if you want to go i'm dating belilia now
Wait what?
Andoni, I just started this morning. So that's crazy to say
Um, if you need to go uh, dave also you totally can because now we're gonna make crumb think everybody who graciously
It gave us subs and bits. I'll stream
Thank you so much for having me on munch and for you know
Letting me do my job and fixing that crap in the wall and you know what you were right
friendship
Intenses become friends when you battle evil spirits you said something like that at some point
Yeah, yeah, I did basically I want to tell you you're right and I want to thank everybody in the chat for having a lot of fun
with me. I know you did
and
Bye everyone
Holy shit that was fast. He warped out of here a lightning speed
Rat stuff. Whoa
That's here a little bit of rat stuff in there
I guess you can hang out if you want to uh
Jizbo
He's just staring at me now
Harcamy's not next to me. Oh wait. It's a tiny little jizbo
Wait, who's jizbo by the way?
And what if whoa and what is even ha what is happening? Ah jizbo
He's up for oh god. He's right behind me
uh, okay
He's fast like that. He's so fast. He's turning around like crazy
That's that's insane that he can
It's insane that he can do that. Oh, oh god. He's right up on me now
rock and stone
He says that he doesn't say that
Appearance to give up another thing if you mean the points not happening. No need to mission accomplished
Get on the aircraft carrier. Where the flight to baby. I'm george bushing this shit. What about my oh, yeah
We bet those points. Well, but I didn't get hit by the gorilla. So
Um, it's september. What?
It's september. What do I feel like I ate so many spicy tamales?
You were in hell. You got killed by the gorilla. You died. We have video proof of it and
You can have a lot to unpack. I think you also had various orgies and
probably committed soul murders and
Possibly improved hell traffic based on how smoothly it was running behind us. I can't tell actually
Okay, look, this is a particularly weird tactic from even you. I think what I'm gonna do
Is thank the people in chat
Uh for all the subs and bits they've been raining down on us. From daguary harvard graduate was the devil's bitch in middle management
You became the greatest evil of the stream and munch is now our savior
Okay, so you're both in on this
You're both gonna be serving it up
Give me with a beat. I'm gonna wrap this. Oh, you really could we if it's been a pretty long stream
So could you just wrap at least quickly? It's important that we wrap it out
Because you know, I got a again. I got a huge shimmer ahead of me
You got to show it to a certain ck and not the louis variety
You really don't want to be saying that right now. You got a lot of catching up to do
There's real consequences for saying what you're saying
For real
What do you mean? You know what? Just say what you're gonna say. Yeah, you're debating kelvin. Klein. No, no
No, no, you don't know who I mean. Yeah, you know, you know what? Let's just have you wrap
Uh, okay, um
If that's really what you want to do crumb, I'd say you've been through enough. Honestly, I've been through enough that I
Shouldn't have to even listen to you do this
but
Whatever
Yeah, play me a president
Play me a president type beat actually play me a nasty hell beat
For some reason I feel like being a little crazy
I feel kind of unbound
I don't know why
Kind of unchained. Oh my god, please do not make this your new personality. I feel
Nuts
This is kind of a swimmy beat
Swim my voice up
Where's the beat drop it?
smooth sexual crumb
I got people to thank though. Let's get into all these vids
Why do we get so why have you been streaming for so many hours?
You don't don't usually stream for this
Pretty sure the stream wasn't this mud up whatever. Okay. Oh, yeah
Crumb on the mic nasty little trumpet
I got a heart beating for you thump thump thump it. Oh my god
You know that I like to make it nasty. Come it. What I'm gonna give a thank you to local puppet for 33 months
And also timmy the brain
29 months they've been bringing the pain
100 bits raining down. You know what's up apple. Depple mighty eyes card king. You know they fuck
100 100 300 respectively
I'm gonna think side tricks
Respectfully Jesus. I did not miss this and also mighty eyes
100 bits they were dropping on god
bundle sprouts
Thank you to
community subs five what those subs do
Where's the beat? Well, it just came through like a green which allows me to draw two cards for my deck
Two cards from the deck. Well, I ain't giving a heck
100 bits dilemma. Thank you. You are the best sporophyte with all the might 29 months with the height
Subs out guns out. That's what crummy like
card king and to daddy card king again
100 100 and the 50 bit friend and to daddy card king bundle sprout and card king
100 bits rapidly for some reason
Also card king mat ladel mighty eyes and tam tram dropping 50 bits all the time just because they can
And card king side tricks 300 each hot bits in my tummy
Preach can you hurry up? It's a swimmy beat. I'm taking my time
There's a reason I feel like I got all the time in the world like I can't die
You can I've seen it what whatever give me a different beat. Give me a different beat. Give me a
nasty beat
That's a nasty beat tutorial
How about this? Give me a banger
No, that has lyrics that has lyrics on it. I would just a um, I would just stop well fun happy trap beat
We did a fun happy trap beat. I'm like crumb just fucking there's not even that many left. Okay. Here we go
I was just fun and happy. Oh, well whatever
Matladel tam tram mighty. I still giving him hell. Yes. Yes. Thank you, sir
Thank you my girl. It's 100 bits coming in from sky mirror
Skymer with 100 times 3. Oh gee bonsai bullfrog 100 dark peter's kind of scarey
Thank you for the comments and all the bits man. We really like them. We really like them. Jesus krum
Yeah, here we go. We're almost fucking done. Bonsai bullfrog 100 bits right under the sun skymer 100
And that's another time three. Oh gee. Oh gee
Crumb gee
Crumb gee don't no no don't say that
card came captain
Gamer come in again Matladel mighty. I'm a type of fry side tricks
They all gave bitch
They all gave bits
They actually gave a lot of bits. How many how closer I'm real close
Oh close. I'm kidding. I'm not coming. Don't you okay
Okay
Curt King again
300 bits. Chum crumb crumb take your pockets is what they said
And of course quick the Ewok five community sub that they just dropped and that's it
I had a beautiful May and June. Well, we'll see what come what may
I'm gonna have a great summer. Okay
Thanks for clearing up my debt friends. Yay. They didn't you died you died. Look, I don't
You're gonna get it. He's gonna take you out to accept this but you died
You were in hell for months
And I let you burn
No more subtext much stole your penis
But I did see a rat taken to the wall that peter comes out of might have to go in there to get it
Do you have your penis back? Yeah, he'll slightly smoother than usual down there
But I think it's I seem to have lost on my body here
for some reason
She moved feeling I just got bird
Little nude baby, but there's a penis there
Lucky it's crazy. I thought they would not give it back
Anyway, that's all the time we have for today
Let's get out of here. All right. Jesus
You believe in him again. I never stopped. You kind of did. Let's see, you know, what are you?
What oh whatever
I don't like everybody's being weird, but
It's good to be debt-free since uh
2025
That doesn't rhyme, but I'm just good to be debt-free. You honestly didn't really pay off the debt
Gorilla kind of still think they still need $10,000
Well, then why didn't they kill me?
Oh, not that I was scared. It's like an animatronic gorilla. Why'd you bet it 180,000? Well, it's
Okay, whatever. Look, we're gonna find somebody to read. Okay. Okay back on our grind set
nice
Everything's the same
Right jizbo
She did up for him, but he didn't take it. That's okay. Uh, we're gonna raid sir lar
I believe of uh
Of the of the beaut boys or it's or whatever but the bite boys
Just
Oh, I didn't do the rate. I didn't do the raid rate. I just typed it all wrong
Sir lar
There it is
Okay, everybody. Thanks for hanging out
For you know, you know usual two hour ish stream
Big event though me getting this debt paid off. Uh, also the hell hanging their poster
What are you talking about?
Can you just remember it's so much easier to talk to you if we're just on the same page
You just remember everything that happened to you. I don't know what you mean
I did is jizbo gonna clear up the wall thing because uh, that's been a thing for a while
If we finally got maintenance up here if you don't mind going in there jizbo
I think you might mind because he did he did and it's cleared up
Fires are still the smell. I'm not sure how cleared up it is, but we did go in there
Okay rock and stone
Rock and shone like this guy's vibe
You kind of got a gimli vibe. I don't mean that you know like a bigger gimli like a man's
Not that there's anything wrong being a little guy, but
I regret everything regret all of this
Well, what'd you you know to do anything? Yeah to sit there and complain about me betting
Just a normal check betting is a hobby. It's not always an addiction. You're back to being a gambling addict. Well, you're actually never not an addict
But I am ching
It's also a hobby
It just happens to also be in a okay. That's all the time we have that's all the time we have. Thanks for hanging out everybody
Thank you for all the support
You still got 30k channel points. Enjoy that
The secret stream is over
And the wall is done put it in the books, baby. That's a crazy format. It turns out
What are you talking about? It's a you know what don't even worry about it
Certain formats require more work than you would ever expect. What are you talking about? Okay
Thank you all so much. It's been a pleasure. We'll try this again sometime now that all the the x's and os are
Sama in place