by Sarah in self-defense.
Followings for adults only.
Don't be lonely, why be alone?
Cat got the phone, cat got the phone.
Let's play.
Call now, cat got your tongue.
Don't be lonely, talk live to your special lady tonight.
Cat got the phone.
Cat got your tongue.
Call me now, I've been bad.
On the next Terralda.
Monday at three.
Hi, I'm a Boglan, me and my buddies want to be your friend, right guys?
Also, a live performance from one of the hottest groups around, simply red.
Truth is, I've never made it with a woman.
You're shocking, intriguing, true cast fessions.
Call 844-721-CAS.
I accidentally lost my virginity during a rugby game.
It was nobody's fault but mine.
Call 844-721-CAS to reveal your innermost, even alarming true secrets in front of a live audience on the internet with zero anonymity.
I've never told anyone this, but I'm a dog.
That's 844-721-CAS to hear or say alarming secrets, free for the first minute, and then it continues to be free because it doesn't cost money.
And you do have to be an adult unless you're not.
And also you don't have to tell us secrets.
You can call us about pretty much anything.
We're desperate or true secrets or anything at all.
Just please call us.
I ate my mother's ashes.
If you call me right now, I'll give you my private note.
It's time stories, all brand new.
La Cassem! Die La Cassem!
Call 844-721-CAS.
Die La Cassem!
If you're having a bad day calling it a stream, there's a guy called Cassem and he's dying of cream.
He'll talk about it all because he's living the dream.
Or if you're a bad being, you can be really mean.
Die La Cassem!
It's free for the first minute and free for all the other minutes as well.
844-721-CAS to get your free information and goggles and everything the same again will change you.
Is that always for the better?
All my die La Cassem!
I'm getting paid $2,000 to do this commercial.
Let's try this besides.
I ate 9-1.
I just won $5,000.
Call now.
1-844-721-CAS for a chance to win.
You could play CAS.
And with CAS there's a big chance to win.
Call 1-844-844-721-CAS.
Are you tired of being sick?
What if you win?
Tired of your significant other calling you a bitch?
When's the last time you cried?
I cry all the time.
844-721-CAS for a chance.
For a chance.
Spell CAS.
That's right.
I just won.
Grand prize $5,000.
Call 844-721-CAS.
Average call free per minute.
That's right.
White is for laundry.
Is Elvis alive?
Judge for yourself by calling the...
I called the police.
And...
I'm a non-copyright infringing Groblin.
You can reach me by calling 844-721-CAS.
Talk to me and all of my friends.
He's trapped us.
And we have to work for him.
Basically as slaves.
Or you can talk to Cassem.
Who owns us?
The Casim owns us, and we have to work for him and he doesn't pay us.
If I help us, we're grovelous.
844721 Cas.
Talk to me and all my grovelin' friends.
An original thing.
I don't know why we're here. I don't know why.
I don't know why we're doing this.
I was in the dark until I called 197-
The Island Isle!
Guess what? Casim G is giving out his personal number.
Call me right now and I'll give you my private number.
If you call 844721 Cas right now, you can talk to Casim and leave him a personal message
and give him your personal number as well.
Free for the first minute, and then free for each additional minute as well.
Ask your parents before you call.
Call the number, you'll hear a recording, then you'll hear that.
Then I'll give you my personal number, call that, and we'll wrap.
Call me. Call me out of here.
Call me out of here.
Oh, there we are.
We're a couple of TVs sitting on the shelf in the back of a castronic show.
It's me, TV Cas, and that's TV Cas.
Oh, hello everyone.
Good to see you. This is Call Cas.
Our weekly call-in show where you call in, call us, and then you call in,
and then you tell us what's going on.
You do the work for the stream, okay?
We flipped it on you. You do the work.
We sit back and we laugh at your problems.
Sometimes we give you advice, a little piece that you can walk away with
and feel good about or mad about.
This is our show.
Thanks for coming here. It's so great to see the chat alive and well.
As far as I know everyone's alive and well, unless they're all ghosts.
Cas, you just got done streaming.
How was it today? How were the waters today?
I feel like I don't know how to do that anymore.
You know, when I'd have it stream for a minute, I always enjoyed it anyway.
I would have it streamed for a couple of days.
It feels fun. There's all these buttons I can press over here.
I just realized I wasn't even streaming.
So now here I am.
You weren't even streaming?
I wasn't even streaming.
Now that I am streaming just to have it, welcome to Call of Cas.
This is our call in show. I'm TV Cas and that's TV Case.
Hello.
This is the show where we stream every week.
You call us. You provide us with the content.
We don't got to do a damn thing.
We sit back and relax while you guys provide all the yucks,
all the interesting stories, all the clever quips.
Call us 844721 Cas.
It's open lines today. Whatever's on your mind.
A couple of things coming.
Do you want to talk about Ariana Grande and Elvira?
Call us. Do you want to talk about Liam Payne dying?
Call us.
Do you want to talk about Christopher Nolan movies or Elon Musk
or Donald Trump serving up the McDonald's drive-thru?
Are you playing a fun game?
Are you enjoying Silent Hill 2?
Are you getting ready for Call of Duty?
What's going on in your world?
Call us.
844721 Cas.
We're going to get to all the subscribers at the end of the program,
which will be in about an hour.
How was your weekend, Case? Let's catch up.
It's been a few days since I've seen you.
You might have you grown.
Oh yeah. Every... I do growth all the time.
I just worked this weekend.
I'm doing that Amazon music thing.
They had...
Oh God.
Jelly Roll.
Did a concert.
And then I had to help make the social assets
for the Jelly Roll concert.
Very exciting.
I just heard of... What's Jelly Roll?
Why did I just talk about Jelly Roll?
What's Jelly Roll?
He's a guy who does country music.
And he's got face tattoos.
Now, if you do country music, you can't have face tattoos.
It's allowed.
Oh yeah. That's Jelly Roll.
Yeah.
That's cool.
More or less.
And then did I do anything?
Oh, I saw Joe... I saw a Joe Care.
A Parked Holiday.
I'm going to need a review.
I need the Case Blackwell Joe Care Fiala review.
Yeah.
Was as advertised.
Very bad.
Was it unwatchable bad or...
It was interesting in that I hated it.
I would never want to see it again.
However, 30% of it was honestly pretty good.
There was like a couple raw ingredients
of an interesting movie in there.
None of them went together
and they cooked it totally wrong.
But if you really, really gave it the bad...
You know what? I'm going to try to like this.
There's a couple things in there that are kind of legitimately good.
It does still look very nice, as a lot of people have said.
But man, the other 70% are like...
is embarrassingly bad and confusing.
And the overall just structure of the story
and the way it builds to its conclusion
and the conclusion itself is like...
Whoa! What were they thinking?
Yeah, there's something at the end.
I've yet to see it.
I don't think I'm going to get out to go see it, to be honest.
There's nothing...
There's nothing that really makes me
feel the need to go spend the money
versus just renting it when it comes.
I don't know.
But you saw Megalopolis as well, correct?
You know, I watched a camera of the first
three quarters of it.
So I don't know if I really saw it the way as intended.
Dude, that's actually fucking rock and roll.
Dude, that's punk watching it on camera.
I bet you like Francis Ford Coppola would think that's dope.
I hope he would. I like to imagine his ghost next to me
even though he's still alive giving me the thumbs up while I was watching it.
His alive ghost?
Yeah.
Giving you the A-OK. I don't know which is the worst movie.
Similar to Joker would be my take on the camera version of that.
30% of it was like, wow, interesting and different
than a lot of stuff.
And then the other 70% is like, oh no.
I just keep seeing clips on TikTok, dude.
And it looks like such a bad...
I'm kind of waiting for Porno to break out in it.
Like after some of the dialogue.
You've got a bit of a porn vibe to it sometimes for sure.
And he really likes Aubrey Plaza, like Domming Men.
Which I get it.
Let's talk about Aubrey Plaza a little bit.
I feel like she's a little over exposed.
I don't know. Am I a hater?
I think she's good. I don't know.
Do I hate her guts?
Do I hate Aubrey Plaza?
I think she's actually better than we thought she was going to be.
She's not bad in the movie.
I don't really have any issues with the acting in the movie.
Even conservative guy, what's his face?
The old man whose name I'm forgetting because I'm terrible with names.
The arrow penis.
John Voight.
I thought all the acting was fine.
It's just like the story is...
And the writing and just the way it all fits together is very like off by a lot of degrees.
Yeah.
I'm going to rent it.
To be honest between the two movies, I want to see Megalopoulos more.
Just because I'm fascinated by it.
I wanted to see the theater, but I can't convince Kendall to go.
It just may need to be you and me.
Hopefully we get on the same side of town at some point.
But I will make you this promise.
If you're in Culver City, I will go see that movie with you.
Yeah.
And I don't know.
I feel like I will rent Joker,
but part of Megalopoulos feels like I need to see it on a mega screen.
I'm very down for like...
Because even though I kind of hated...
I was really bored for parts of the Joker.
I was never actually bored during Megalopoulos.
I was confused and I thought like,
ooh, that was...
This isn't emotionally stirring.
It's more confusing.
But it's confusing enough that it's interesting even off the camera.
So I would totally see it in theaters.
I wanted to see the substance, but I also couldn't convince Kendall to go.
That's the one I've been trying.
I want to go see the substance.
Then I got into the terraphyrus and I still want to...
I got to see terraphyrus 3.
But me and Ash do want to see the substance.
I'm hearing wonderful things about it.
Kendall looked it up on TikTok and immediately saw the ending.
I was like, no, I refuse.
She's watching endings and stuff on TikTok.
She is that generation.
I don't know, man. It's different.
Hey, welcome in if you're just coming in. Thanks for the raid, Dane Sos.
Ooh, I know we're going to do subs at the end,
but our girl Boner Salad just hit one year.
Moss and Mosulute's in the chat for Boner Salad.
If I had control of this, I'd play the trumpet for you.
But right now you're going to get a manual Moss and Mosulute for me.
Welcome in, guys. Open lines.
We're going to open up the lines in here in just a sec.
Dane Sos will be taking your calls.
Let him know what you're calling about.
Whatever's on your radar, right?
If you saw Megalopolis, you saw Joker, you want to talk politics,
you want to talk religion, you want to talk Asmongold,
you want to talk about what Twitch is doing with apparently
banning people in Israel and certain parts of the Middle East
is signing up.
Maybe you could shed a little bit of that light
because I don't know really what's going on.
I can tell you what's going on in UFOs, in that community,
in that world.
But real world issues, I'm not going to deal with it.
I don't want to know.
I like this new uninformed cast.
I try and stay informed.
I will tell you this.
I do for Wednesdays.
I'm very informed because I'm getting ready for our Patreon
podcast, Exclamation Point Patreon.
Join us there.
Because I have to get the news, so I catch up on Wednesdays.
But on Mondays, since it's more of a call-in show,
I'm like, I don't know if I need to do the news.
I like to have an idea of what's going on.
You see pictures of Trump at the drive-thru.
You see stuff.
One Direction Guy dying.
I see that stuff.
But I'm not too tapped in.
What were the big rocks for you in your bin broadcast?
Did you do a bin today?
I did.
But I honestly don't do that much news despite calling it a
news show because I'm often just doing Snapchat filters
and watching essentially TikToks.
But we did watch the McDonald's Trump thing in spurts.
I found it pretty boring.
He's legitimately standing there for 12 minutes just being taught
how to make fries and not saying much.
Then he stands at the drive-thru and gets tons of photo ops
and says, Kamala never worked at McDonald's really.
And now I have.
Then he wishes her a happy birthday in a weird moment.
Sometimes when he does stuff like that, I go like, that's nice of him.
That's actually really sweet.
That was a good move on his.
Then he completely taints it by the next thing he says.
It's just completely...
I just feel like he's just manipulating me in the worst
way possible because he's so dumb.
But he gets away with murder.
Call us.
You got thoughts on Trump working the drive-thru?
Have you seen Asmongold sink that he cleaned up?
I mean, that's been making news.
He cleaned?
Oh my God.
He's holding himself so accountable.
Ever since he advocated for genocide, he's been a really good guy.
Yeah, dude.
Everyone's like, this is cool, man.
This is like, this is a man.
This is how you do apologies.
I've been seeing a lot of that.
Is Hasan getting special treatment on the platform?
I'm seeing that.
I don't know.
I'm also interested in what you guys are feeling leading up to the election as we have a...
Let's see.
Is it two weeks?
A little over two weeks left?
I mean, it's crunch time, baby.
The polls are neck and neck as they have been.
But it feels like a little bit of that momentum that Kamala had is slowed down.
Maybe Sub-Orber will give us a call and give us a little bit of an update when it comes to politics as their official political pundit.
And he's also one of our Call of Duty pundits.
And there's a new Call of Duty coming out this week.
Woo-woo.
Woo-woo.
I will be playing it.
Are you going to stream it, Cass?
Do you dare?
I may have time this weekend, potentially.
I'm definitely going to...
It's one of those games that me and Ash play together because she's really good.
But when she gets into a game and she gets into it, she gets into it.
Should I pop these lines open?
I'm not talking shit.
I'm pumping you up.
I know you're going to play Call of Duty with me, dude.
I promise I will stream if I can.
I'm going to open up...
Or see if we have any voicemails and then we'll open up the lines.
How about that?
I'll pop them open now to check these voicemails.
I think we do have at least one because I got an email.
Looks like we have one from...
One, two, three from the 14th, one from the 16th.
Have we played those already?
I don't think so.
Yeah.
We pull these up.
Call us.
Okay.
Yes.
I don't think we've played...
Is this a new Call in song?
I think it's been behind...
It's been much longer.
It feels kind of long sometimes.
I could have probably made it about five seconds long, but it's a solid 40.
No, I just never heard the full version.
I love the uncut.
The director's cut version.
You got to get that uncut version.
We might only have one new one.
Well, wait, no, because today's the 21st.
Okay, I think all the ones from the 14th are new.
So let's see what they have to say.
Hello, you sexy scouts.
No, wait, that's old.
Hey, Castle in the Midnight.
Oh my God.
Okay, I think this one we haven't heard, maybe.
Hey guys, it's Propaganda calling.
This is why I wanted to ask you guys what's your guys' favorites?
Halloween movies.
I've been watching AMC's Fright Nights and kind of trying to get into the mood.
So I have a couple, but I don't know what you guys' are.
Prince of Darkness from John Carpenter.
That one's actually really good.
They're trying to hold off evil in the church.
Basically a gateway to hell.
Second one is probably going to be each of the killer.
Wow, okay.
Takeshi Mikes, Yakuza, Violent Blood Fests were one guy's into pain.
The other guy's killing all the Yakuza guys.
Pretty crazy movie.
I think Vanessa and Emily reviewed it a while back on their show.
And Idol Hands with Devon Sawa.
Idol Hands.
Just Galba.
I haven't thought of that one.
Violent, weird, lots of weird, dismemberment stuff.
Still pretty cool.
I just wanted to know what your guys' thoughts on it and what's your favorite movies?
I remember the Jessica Alba Angel scene from Idol Hands that immediately popped vividly back into my mind.
Well, there was a time when Jessica Alba was the hottest thing going in Hollywood.
But I don't think I've seen Idol Hands.
I don't think I've seen any of the movies that he just mentioned.
Really?
I haven't seen Itchy the Killer.
I haven't seen Idol Hands.
But the Yakuza one sounded good to me.
Itchy the Killer is one of those movies I saw when I was 17.
I have no idea how I would feel about it now.
But at 17 I was like, this is fucking crazy.
Yeah, dude.
I'm all for it.
I've already said it on the show last week, but I've watched.
I started the Terrifier film.
So in terms of scary movies, I've watched Terrifier 1 and 2 recently.
Very gory.
The acting is not good, but I guess they get better as they go on.
There are some very cool kills, but not.
It's a very gory, straight slasher flick.
But then in the second one, they really try and open up the lore into some stuff that I don't know if I really understand.
But I will say I will go and watch Terrifier 3 since I've invested all this time in it.
So those are the only ones I've seen.
Typically when it comes to horror movies, I love...
The movie, I will just give one recommendation.
And I saw it, I think we saw it last year.
We saw this movie called Deadstream, which is so good.
You have no idea how good this movie is going to be just based on the thumbnail on Shudder or whatever it is.
And I think I've talked about it.
I talked about it last year because I was so impressed with it.
But it is essentially a YouTuber, Twitch streamer, doing a live broadcast.
He's like canceled and he's trying to do a comeback stream, but he's in this haunted house that's in the middle of the woods.
And it's really well done.
And even the premise sounds a little corny.
However, if you guys are in this stream and you're watching us, I think you're in the target demo of this movie.
It actually says a 9 out of 10.
It's funny, it's scary at times.
The practical effects are good.
I highly recommend Deadstream.
Nice.
Okay.
Probably my favorite, like, overall favorite horror movie in general, and it's very nostalgia based.
Although I do think it also pretty much slaps is Return of the Living Dead.
The Return of the Living Dead.
Not the Romero one, the like 80s Schlock Horror one, which features like a crazy new dance scene and has all this other shit going on in it.
That's kind of my jam.
I watched this a ton on like around Halloween when I was a teenager.
So I'd give it the hard recommend if you haven't checked it out.
I think I've only seen this movie potentially once and it was a long time ago and I don't remember a single.
It was like a showtime regular.
Like it'd be the kind of thing they'd play at like 11 30 p.m. on showtime, especially like around October.
Yeah, that's that's.
I imagine there's a lot of funny moments.
There's some sweet nudity in it.
That's always a there's very over the top nudity.
It also has one of the greatest zombie like monster designs of all time.
There's like a tar zombie that comes out the way it moves.
It's just insane.
That's great.
Nick Grant says Nick Cage and Long Legs is borderline comedic.
Yeah, I thought Long Legs was good.
There was a lot of hype going into it.
But I still thought it was a pretty solid movie.
Satan's helper Steven Mnemonic says who's our sort of resident film guy.
He goes to the movies.
It feels like every night Santa's little helper.
I don't think I've seen that.
The Gurney used to puppet the zombie in Return of the Living Dead was reused in reanimator.
Oh, okay.
Reanimator is a movie I've seen a few times.
That's cool.
I really like reanimator.
I like any of the practical stuff.
I mean, the thing is really good.
You know, those those old school John Carpenter movies are great.
They're definitely better horror movies than the Return of the Living Dead,
but there aren't many that I like watching more.
Yeah.
Is there yeah, it's like if it's a movie that you saw at a certain age,
there's a little fun.
Oh, the cats are fighting.
All right, guys.
All right.
Take it easy.
Daddy's doing a show.
Okay.
Call in if you want to talk about 744-827-747-4.
744-827-747-4.
What's a goddamn 844-727-4.
844-727-4.
Call us.
We'd love to talk to you.
Should we get another voicemail?
Yeah, let's do one more.
We've got Token Reality up and then we've got a few in the queue.
I was just wondering if you think a rope is just a wiggly pole
and like the other way around, if a pole is just a stiff rope.
Thanks.
That's an incredible question.
I've never really thought about it.
Well, what classifies being a rope?
It has to be a tool used to either climb or put on a horse.
It's got to have some sort of function.
I guess you can climb a pole.
You can have a steel rope.
That's true.
It's just got to be a floppy steel.
The stuff that's on ski lifts, it's pretty much a rope
even though they would call it cable, I guess.
I think I'm on board.
Yeah, I think this is correct.
Yeah.
We could go the Kevin route.
Is it a sandwich or is it a hot dog?
I'm just kind of sold on the idea right away.
By the way, I did see Kevin a couple days ago.
He's doing well.
I'm trying to convince him to come move over to Los Angeles
instead of living in a goddamn desert.
He's got to come back.
I think people that, and I've had this sort of conversation with folks
that moved out, that they're starting to think about coming back.
I know there's a lot of folks that left Los Angeles,
but there still is an industry here,
even though like film and TV sort of crippled,
but there is still a scene and folks are, when they move away,
still find themselves sort of coming here for a lot of that.
So, yeah, that's just my own personal.
The industry's been Nancy Kerrigan,
but we're still skating for the medal.
We're still skating. Absolutely.
Got to tough up.
Yeah, it's so funny that Nancy Kerrigan,
all the attention went to Tanya Harding, bad attention,
but that's the name I feel like people can associate the face to.
Nancy Kerrigan, what has she done since?
Has she just lived a normal quiet life?
Why isn't she doing celebrity boxing or selling her life rights?
Yeah, why isn't she on OnlyFans doing something like this?
Yeah, she's really pathetic now,
because I haven't heard about her in a while.
So sad, dude. So sad.
All right, let's hit the calls.
I think we've got a few people lined up here with Token Reality,
Smoke Pax and a few of you in the queue.
Token Reality says he's going to the World Series.
Whoa.
Token, are you there?
Yeah, I'm here.
What's up, brother?
Are you really going to the World Series?
And also, who's in the World Series this year?
Dude, it's your Los Angeles Dodgers.
Oh, hell yeah.
Oh, I'm a huge Dodger fan right now then.
Oh, it's Yankees Dodgers?
Oh, yeah. It's like the two biggest franchises.
Yeah.
Yeah, the two biggest media markets.
That's awesome. How'd you score World Series tickets?
I purated them like a while ago as soon as they went up,
and they still were expensive back then,
and it was still unclear if the Dodgers would go.
Right?
You pretty much, they put them up for sale.
And then I was trying to look up the refund policy for it
when I bought them, so they needed kind of expensive.
And I guess they give you kind of like store credit,
and they just say, I'm fine with that.
I guess I'm fine with that.
But yeah, that's the gist of it.
Wait, so the process to buy World Series tickets
is you buy a ticket potentially,
and if they win, you go,
and if not, you just get store credit.
Yeah.
Yeah. That was my understanding.
And so, are you going for like multiple games,
or is it just one game? Which game is it?
Oh, no, dude.
Yeah, just the first game, just one.
First game?
Yeah, that's it. That's just the one.
That's still really exciting.
There's going to be a ton of energy.
Is there like, I don't know,
is like the fourth, is the first,
the fourth, or the seventh game?
Which ones are the ones to be,
obviously you don't know if there's going to be a game,
seven, right?
So, which tickets go first?
I mean, I think,
And when do they sell game seven tickets?
The second game is actually,
the later games right now are getting more and more expensive.
So, like if you wanted to go to game two,
that would actually be more expensive than game one.
Why that is, I'm not, I don't know.
In my head, I thought, okay, game one, this is like,
you know, everyone's coming out fresh and hyped, right?
And it's going to be wild.
You know, if you go to game two or three, you know,
what the energy is going to be like then, you know, so.
Yeah, because there's like,
600 games in a season or something.
How does baseball work again?
It's like 180 or something.
Yeah, that's a lot.
Yeah, I don't know.
Is the first game in New York or LA?
First game's LA.
Ooh.
Hell yeah, brother.
Can I just give this token reality?
As a guy who kind of goes to sports games
and then just sees what the grossest thing he can eat is.
What do you feel like, have you eaten anything really gross
at a baseball game?
And if so, what is the grossest thing?
You know, okay, since they signed this guy named Otani
this past year, right, they paid him like 700 million
over 10 years.
What? 700 million?
Yeah, that'll start in 2035, but since he's like,
you know, since he's like legit from Japan, right,
all some of the food stuffs at the Dodger Stadium
have become more Japanese.
Oh, sick.
And so they're kind of like this weird Latin Japanese fusion dishes sometimes.
So, you know, you'll have these really saucy wings
and like a plastic baseball hat.
Perfect.
You know, you're just watching someone eating this shit
and you're just like, God, like, it just looks like you must hate yourself.
Yeah.
Like immediately after it, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
So I don't know, there's all like, there's like, there's like this hot Cheeto
corn.
I mean, it's just, yeah, it's, it's like, yeah.
They got to do like hot Cheeto sushi out of a baseball cap
and I would order that.
I'd be the one person that would feel completely obligated to get that.
Yeah, I'm excited to see.
I'm kind of, you know, I'm simultaneously hyped
and kind of dreading the whole thing.
You know what I mean?
Like that's kind of where I'm at.
When is game one?
Friday at five.
Okay.
I'm going to avoid the traffic.
Do not get on the freeways during baseball time.
Don't invite cats out of the house on Friday.
Please, everyone.
Don't tell me to come with you with your extra ticket
unless you need somebody to go with like, it's fine.
But it'll be a huge sacrifice for cats.
I'm to go.
I live on the West side, dude.
It's crazy, but I will go because I support the community or whatever.
That's really exciting.
I hope you enjoy.
By the way, speaking of Japan, I went to Japan Fest over the weekend.
Ooh, what?
Did you know that they did this?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, went to Japan Fest.
It's an orange can.
Was that the Orange County Fairground?
And basically they just take a giant parking lot and just put a bunch of fucking boba and,
you know, little dumpling huts out there and Toyota comes out for the little local dealership comes out.
And yeah, but it's also all authentic Japanese stuff.
It's like a mini anime con is like an inside par.
You can get a bunch of anime.
There's no real like no real graphic stuff, unfortunately.
No, no cum stain body pillows and stuff like this.
But but there is a lot of good food and some not so good food.
But I did have this sandwich.
It was from a place called Mr. Teddy Baker.
Okay.
It's a steak sandwich.
It's a big thick piece of steak and it's sort of cat.
It's cat-sou-fries.
Got a little crunchy outside and they make their own bread and they put this garlic mayonnaise
sauce on it.
And yeah, brother is probably one of the best sandwiches I've had in a long time.
But big shout out to Mr. Teddy Baker, even though I think they are out of business.
I don't know.
I think he might have just did this event.
So good luck trying to find him.
Really good stuff.
But it was it was nice.
A lot of folks cause plan and good eats.
They had like people doing traditional Japanese dancing.
And yeah, it was great.
It was one of those things I forgot to mention over my weekend activities.
This Shohei Utani guy is is he the hottest player in baseball?
I'm talking about his performance and his looks.
Oh yeah, he's considered.
Yeah, everyone.
I mean, yeah, well, I was at LAX recently and they had a whole, they had a whole
display, right?
Like this Japanese skincare brand and there's these giant videos of him like touching his
own face.
It almost looks like satire, right?
Like, but guys so revered in Japan and when I was there last winter, they had legit
shrines to this guy, like just just whole bookcases.
But he go to the bookstore.
There should be whole bookcases of just his face on these like magazines.
So he's a big deal in Japan.
And yeah, now he's become a really big deal here, especially in LA, you know,
especially because he signed, I think 700 million is the most like the largest
contract anyone's ever been signed to.
Yeah, that's almost a billion dollars.
That's a quarter million dollars shy of a billion dollars for one guy to hit a
ball with a stick.
Well, he deferred it for 10 years as well.
So he won't start getting the money until 2035.
Wow.
2035, he gets 70 million a year, which yeah, I mean, that's.
Whoa, look at his arms.
Wait, what do you mean he deferred it so his contract doesn't start for 10
years and now he's just getting paid like from his old contract or
something?
I think like he doesn't actually start getting paid in one million years.
Weird.
I see.
That's like a lot can happen in 10 years, right?
Like how do we know he'll be that good?
Okay, there's a lot I don't get here.
How soon before he like falls to a scandal, you know what I mean?
Like it feels like when you're this large and you're this hot.
Oh, dude, he was embroiled in one before the season started because
his translator borrowed a bunch of money and gambled with it.
His translator now.
Yeah, his translator.
So it was thought early on what if Otani knew that his gambler was
or his translator was taking the money because he was he was
drawing it from Otani's account, right?
And using large sums of money to pay off gambling debts and do
gambling and it wasn't clear how involved Otani was.
And this was like a federal crime, right?
FBI or whoever were like involved in this.
And that was what we just signed them.
So it was it was like a really kind of like dampener on the
whole thing of like, oh no, like, is this guy about to go to
jail?
We just gave him $700 million.
You know, there was all that.
That's so funny.
Well, look, that kind of stuff, I think we look the other way
and we give him a little slap on the wrist, right?
We almost go like, good for you, buddy, like trying to
make an extra buck.
It's when they start getting involved with like the
underage stuff or the essay or the drugs.
That's when we start to have a problem.
That's like 90s sports athlete, which we are, which we
stand, obviously we have to which we stand that it was
a different time.
But I will say where there's smoke, there's fire.
If this guy's a gambling addict or or so we may think
because it's mainly like his translator that seems to be
taking the fall here.
If he's a gambling addict, he could be just an
addict, addict, right?
And it could just could be a matter of time before the
rest of this stuff comes to life, which will be
exciting.
Ten years, ten years.
Token, thank you so much for calling me.
I hope you have a great first World Series game.
It's your first one you've ever been to, right?
Oh, yeah, first, yeah.
Thank you so much.
It's going to be sick.
What jersey are you going to wear?
Oh, do you have any Yankees fan?
Oh, you're Yankees fan.
I forgot to even ask you.
Okay, cool, dude, you're going into the Lions End.
Please be careful.
You know, LA fans are our local, dude.
I pretty much live on the West Side as well.
I don't go East Side.
Now I feel like I'm going here in the Lions End, you know?
I don't know, dude.
Part of me doesn't want you to wear a Yankees jersey there.
I feel like you're opening yourself up to...
Are you a big fella?
Can you handle your own?
Oh, no, no, no.
I'm a cap, too.
That means you can slip into the crowd more easily.
Yeah, that's smart.
Get away.
You collapse under the sea.
That's right.
I hope you have a great time.
I hope you're safe.
Give us an update on next Monday about how it went.
I want a full report, right?
Me and Case want you to get something to eat,
not just regular nachos, hot dog.
Get some of that funky shit.
Get some of the...
Yeah, baseball. It's got to be in a hat.
Get something in a hat.
Take some photos.
That way you can throw them in the Discord
and then we'll share them here on the show.
Yeah.
All right, yeah. Sounds good, guys, for sure.
Thanks, token.
All right, token. Have a great night, buddy.
Have a good night. All right.
That's rough when you're a translator
as a gambling addict,
because they might just be like,
let it ride.
You're like, we need to go home.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's...
I feel like it's one of these things
that's very clear that the translator
is taking the fall for the player.
Yeah.
And because if you're a player
making all that money
and you're a translator who's probably just your bro,
is withdrawing money from your account,
I don't know, like you can play dumb, I guess,
and be like, I don't know how things work.
That is an awesome excuse, though, to be like,
I'm gonna stop gambling and he translated it as,
give us more money to gamble with.
He's so bad, him.
So did you fire him?
Yeah, he's not around right now,
so I mean, more or less.
More or less.
I don't know how he tried.
I had to fire him in English,
so he had to translate my own firing.
All right.
Who knows if he actually did it.
Yeah.
Smokepacks is calling in
for his weekly call cast.
What's going on, Smoke?
Yo, what up, boys?
What's up, Smoke?
What's going on?
What's up, dude?
What's good, bro?
All right, so I'm on the pulse of info right now
regarding all the Twitch stuff, all the goodies.
I feel I am.
So I'm gonna have a combo.
Yeah, I want to hear what's going on.
What do you know, man?
Can you start us with, did people from,
people from Israel block from signing up?
Is that what everyone was mad about?
That's what I want to talk about right now.
So, because I know I have some friends on the streaming scene
that are from Israel.
I haven't checked in on them about it,
but I still see them online, so they should be streaming.
But new IPs out of all of that whole country,
that whole area are blocked.
That's everyone from all sides.
I think it's probably to pretty much screw over,
like the Palestinian people and people trying to see,
like, information that's outside of the whole war zone.
That is going on over there, you know.
So, it's Israel and Palestine.
It was just like the region was blocked, I say.
Yeah, the whole region.
Twitch's response of how they're alerting people is just kind of bogus.
They say they've been doing it since May,
but it's kind of weird how they apologize when you read it.
It's like, I don't know, it just seems like they're very negligent.
They should have known better or how they handled it.
It's just not good.
I don't think you should ban anyone.
But that being said, Russian people can stream on Twitch.
They just can't make money because of the sanctions.
So it's like...
Okay.
I don't know, it's just like, where's the line get drawn?
What's the deal here?
Why we even have to do this?
It sucks that entertainment has to get like...
I don't take it into current events.
It sucks current events even have to happen.
I don't know.
Yeah.
I'm also anti-current event.
I prefer past and future events.
Same, dude.
Uncle Phil says...
It's also so the Israelis can control the median narrative.
Love the hate says Twitch claimed it was to prevent posts with war imagery,
but nobody's buying it.
Exactly.
Yeah, we love the hate side.
You can go on TikTok right now and like watch the IDF kick in the door
and like start sniffing the panties of every drawer they find in a house.
I'm on YouTube watching like violent stuff from all global conflicts everywhere.
Like every morning just to show it.
Is this especially crazy for Israel because they've had like a notoriously psychotic online
presence over this entire war that essentially has made them potentially legally culpable
for various war crimes, even more so.
I mean, we'll see if anything happens.
Yeah, well, as this keeps going on, it just gets worse and worse and it's bad.
It sucks and all they're going to do is just agitate more people in that region into wanting to like,
I don't know, do stuff and then that doesn't help either because it's just violence to get to more violence.
It's like...
Yeah, you know, it's interesting you bring up how you can't make...
Nothing makes sense.
Yeah, it's interesting how you make up you can't make money streaming on Twitch
because of sanctions in Russia.
Because I guess in my brain I don't lump in like,
oh the regular people in Russia can probably still like do normal things.
It's like, oh yeah, that's not how sanctions work.
It's like if your government is engaged in something fucked,
it just completely screws you over too.
Right.
Yeah.
Yeah, just it's I'm saying every day people are getting involved in how I understand this is...
Okay, so to preface this, I'm a huge H3H3 fan.
I've been watching for a long time.
You know, I'm not going to defend the guy or anything.
I have my own criticisms and stuff too.
Things are how it is.
And it's just I still watch the show and I'm a big fan.
One of the people who like I've looked to you when it comes to like streaming or podcasting
and like, like, and on the same level I hold you guys like,
like just a big peer who's like doing something that I wish I want I could do
and I want to try to like do you know.
So I've learned he was friends with his son.
He was tight with his son and they have a fallout right now because of this issue
and because of where they lie on Israel and Palestine and just just everything.
But H3H3 does have Arab employees and Muslim employees,
basically people who are also being affected by this as well.
So I'm pretty sure they're they're extremely aware and sympathetic to like everything.
It just seems like they're attacking a lot of like their community and like reading their subreddit
and just like getting lost in the sauce, you know what I'm saying?
I kind of realized the content and and this all is happening on Twitch though
where Hassan is having people on that H3 site is like,
yo, you're platforming people that we're saying we can't have the far right people platforms.
You're platforming like what he's saying is like far less people in like totally like getting people
like into like a mindset where it's okay to have basically like a Holocaust mindset
or like people who who are getting getting destroyed by Israel saying that they want to commit pogroms
is like a slam dunk and okay.
And I don't know. I think again, it's just everyone's getting lost in the weeds of all this.
No one's actually a politician known and some of the creators are millionaires.
They could do something about things or if they want to, I feel it's just kind of weird and it sucks.
That's where I've gotten into today because I watched his newest podcast about it where he was talking about Hassan
and Twitch had a panel where Muslim creators, Arab creators got together and just were making a panel
that H3 felt was very or he was calling anti-Semitic which he's been using a lot and calling people a lot.
However, people feel about it. It has also been controversial which I don't know.
How I understand things realistically though is just me the person, the human being.
I was taught in grade school by majority Jewish teachers.
I was taught and shown like things about the Holocaust that most people in America don't really know.
And I was taught like we can't let that happen again.
And genocide against anyone is not good.
It's not good to look at what we're doing on a government level, a global level and the president hasn't set from like I'd have to say like World War II on is just messy.
I don't really have an answer but it just sucks when I have to log in and my creators are all arguing.
Yeah, it seems like Ethan wasn't always the most political streamer but it feels like a lot of streamers from Asmongold to like H3 or whatever.
Is it H3? H3?
Yeah, it doesn't matter.
Got pulled into doing way more political stuff in like the last five to six years.
I agree.
I think our culture has just become so like pretty intensely politicized.
Like it's always been political but I just feel like it's very hard to absorb cultural products now without some kind of political attachment to them.
Everything feels like it's sort of is gravitating towards some pole of politics.
And it feels like basically Ethan got pulled a little further to the right by the schism between what's considered leftists and people who are more supportive of Israel.
I think so what he said today is nothing like just cutting one off but just I watched his newest episode.
He was basically saying he just doesn't agree that like we have to displace people who are already born there even though it doesn't make sense that they're there kind of if you really look at the big picture and that's even a crazy argument to even get into you know.
It's just there's people who are born there one side killing really children.
The other side is like turning into people who are going to kill other children.
It's just a mess.
It is interesting though the way this conversation because like it sounds like based on what you said Ethan basically what the place of like we say we need to deplatform the radical right.
Why aren't we deplatforming the radical left which is essentially like a conservative grifting statement.
So even if even himself is essentially more of like a centrist or a liberal it's funny the way that like centrist liberalism is gravitated towards really conservative talking points at least around Israel and the genocide.
It sounds like Ethan I haven't really followed him but it sounds like maybe he's kind of in that strike zone.
No that's how I've been that's how I've been seeing it too and I think kind of liberalism tends to be right leading classically and you look outside of American politics.
The liberals are right leading in like UK politics I understand it anyways and just the left and right in America wasn't how it was sounded anyways it's just kind of a division based off how they wanted to handle relations with the British who we separated from.
That's how we even got to Democrat Republican to begin with.
So it's just like I think it's just how we handle global affairs is weird not to fact that my damn throws and then it's ruining friendships between my damn millionaires.
I know our millionaire buddies.
They can't even hang out anymore.
No for real my damn millionaires are all here as many gold too.
I have a theory as many gold.
I will say this is a smoke patch baked theory.
I think he basically said all that so he could just step he has a reason to step down from OK which is a failing thing anyway.
That is the ultimate power of anything he says because why would he read done apologize right away.
I don't think any of you guys give a shit about anything they're talking about.
Damn that's a real insight into working for OTK if you're like I'm just going to get canceled for doing genocide stuff just so I can get out of his fucking job.
All right.
Yeah.
Don't do it like Mr. Beast.
Look at that guy's a scumbag.
He's still doing cool stuff.
I guess cool quote unquote.
He's making lunchables with the boys.
Yeah.
My other millionaires you know.
I will know he's ready to quit when he starts doing Holocaust denial.
He'll be like I just got a hug need a way out.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's just like when I don't what when do these people like like you're saying in case why does everyone feel they have to have and we should go in America we have that right to and I feel in the Internet in the world we have that right to voice art.
Our concerns about politics or global affairs.
It's the human right to have information and have a you know opinions and facts on it.
It's just at some point why is the person who I knew from making like skits about hanging out with the dude who made the throw up cake.
Yeah.
Have to have to be the sole answer.
Well even you guys like although Ben is like your thing I feel like case you're kind of interested in it because like you know John Oliver writing world is like that's kind of maybe with the culture.
You come from.
Oh I mean I'm I'm definitely a little guilty of it too.
I in my mid 20s I was way less politicized than I am now.
I think I think our culture is just like I said a little more politicized than it used to be.
I you know I haven't interested in this stuff since I was like 25 or 26 although that's kind of late if you think about it like at 23 or 24 I would have been like just shut the fuck up about politics.
I'm trying to watch.
I don't know someone eat Kit Kat's on YouTube or whatever.
So I don't know.
I don't know if it's a shifting world or just my shifting interests but certainly things feel more political to me myself included.
Everything is at a 10 at the moment.
You know there's there no matter what the piece of news is it seems like you can tie it to a particular side.
You know with the election coming I hope this cools off towards the end of the year a little bit and we can get into some Christmas shit.
And.
I think.
Dude I don't know like call me crazy but I think the Middle East will be cleaned up by January and so we'll really got we'll got nothing to worry about.
Everything's going to be extremely ominous statement depending on your what you mean by cleaned up.
Yeah by the way I'm a sawed and I have information.
Yeah I don't know.
This is this is all funny.
Not funny.
This is all like I'm just saying like the streamer aspect of it is funny like when when streamers are who essentially sit at their computer at home all day like become these sources of points of view that people are parroting at home.
And I think it's just it's just like fascinating to me.
It's unfortunate that it's at the expense of people dying and like.
Whole cultures are trying to be put out at the hands of others and I don't know.
I wish there was like a more.
It was like a more nuanced way to talk about it.
But I don't think Twitch is necessarily the place for that.
I don't know where that place is.
But God has on the numbers got to be just crushing right now.
Right.
I mean the money he's making over all this stuff.
Yeah.
No you're right.
You're crushing it.
People are saying I think makes like might even be making like 30 million a month or something.
30 million a week.
Some crazy shit.
That's crazy.
Who's making 30 million a month.
It's a son of a son I think.
It's on.
Whoa.
Who knows.
I mean maybe.
Even for Hassan because I think it's high.
Yeah.
But he is crushing it.
I wouldn't be surprised if he was making two mil a month.
Deal streamers can get that up there.
Not worth crazily like they'll get paid insane amounts for sponsorships.
I do think one thing that hypercooks all of this stuff is.
If you have an audience the size of Hassan's or or Ethan's it like makes you feel like you're
doing something politically important by making these statements.
I kind of have the advantage.
Not that advantage that nobody gives a shit like I'm just doing it to a small audience.
I don't have a sense that when I'm like making statements on the news really regardless of
what it is that I'm like doing something political that's actual political action.
It's like I'm just kind of using it as a I like talking about it and I like doing
streams.
So I do think like if you could reduce it back down to that scale if like there wasn't this
sense of like we're moving mountains every time there's a spat between Hassan and Ethan.
Which I don't I realistically I don't think their opinions unfortunately affect that
much.
It could probably like lower the stakes a little bit.
But I mean it really is on actually kind of does have an interesting political spot
on Twitch because it's a pretty conservative platform for a lot of the creators and
you know regardless of if I love his style all the time he is.
Presenting like a counter voice to a lot of the other stuff at least I'm aware of on
the platform.
Well yeah I think he's extremely informed because he just comes from the young
Turks he comes from a news background.
He has family who's involved in a lot of stuff.
So I just think he's just a super super well informed person who can make a
production on Twitch to do these things.
We talked about it eight hours a day seven days a week which is insane that he
keeps that schedule up still.
Yeah that's a grind bro.
And so you can be part of like even the top I feel like one percent three percent
five percent of Twitch is like I don't even know what that secret is or what
that magic is you probably got a networking go it's all the crazy parties
and do stuff you know go just talking network.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And he's just built like a brick shithouse.
Good looking like I should just be fucking he should just be fucking
dude like it take time away from the stream just be fucking like it takes
time away from the stream just be fucking smoke packs.
Thank you so much man we got to get through some of the other color
stinks for the top provoking convo brother and hope this week goes well
for you and hopefully you call in next Monday.
Thank you.
Thank you.
By the way, appreciate it.
Check out smoke packs if you're into magic to gathering where can they
find the magic the gathering crew that you've assembled brother.
Yo all right smoke packs dot twitch dot TV in my about we got links
to the discord if you're a magic the gathering player if you play
commander the format we gather there we're going to be doing also
extra life November 2nd I'm going to be organizing with the pack
boys to stream for the cream teams goal for actually hell yeah
so look into that magic the gathering also is a huge supporter
for that so smoke packs dot TV look at my about section
join the discord didn't get beautiful.
Yeah, check them out guys if you're in the TCG's or magic the
gathering specifically join him is growing a nice little
community there over at smoke packs dot twitch dot TV.
All right.
Thanks, Smoke.
Thank you.
Love you guys.
Appreciate it.
See you bud.
While we're on the train the as my gold train Matt the stat
wants to call in.
Oh hell yeah and talk as my gold what's going on Matt.
Thanks for calling.
Hey now.
Hey now what's happening.
Hey now.
I like that.
Hey now.
Yeah, what's up Matt the stat.
Oh it's a bummer day for me my work just did a RTO return
to office they took away our high.
I was doing three days in the office two days at home loving
life and they said no start in January 1st you fuckers are
back to five days in the office.
Do you think it will provide do you think they have any
actual rationale or do you think they're just cracking
the whip.
They gave the email to the CEO with the same old corporate
BS of culture growth responsibility blah blah team work
blah blah blah justifying our real estate rent prices
control.
Yeah.
Yeah the company stock price is at all time high it's doing
fine there's no issue I have a job where I don't even talk
to my teammates.
After the day it's like Jesus I hate that so much Matt I'm
sorry the only job I've ever had where I didn't resent
going into the office was G4 because we were making stuff
that we just had to literally be there for every other job
I've ever had even a lot of my remote work that I do now
they made me come to an office I'm like who do you think
you are.
It's an invasion.
Yeah it's like personal.
You know what I mean it's weird.
It reminds me of high school cafeteria I had friends
in high school so I was like lucky to have someone to
sit with but like in a movie where you're like you
kind of just hunched over eating by yourself like
just hoping people that's how I always felt in fucking
offices like why are we here why do we where are they
making us do this at my desk feeling like I'm being
watched from behind.
Yeah and it's not like I'm not even in cubes I have
an actual office and so do my other people so it's
like we never see each other in the office.
Yeah.
What the fuck.
All right.
Yeah.
We have an actual office dude.
Well dude I'm sorry.
I'm getting fired up over here thinking about you
in the office man.
Yeah it's fucked up dude.
Yeah it's fucked up.
Speaking of guys that get to work from home as
Mongold what do you know what do you think.
Oh man I think he just he went a little overboard
with his statement like he conflated he conflated
every Palestinian Hamas and terrorists instead of
just separating it out.
He did that.
It's like I don't know which can ban if they
want to ban them whatever but I don't know I
think the him losing his title that O.
T. K. and his computer company or probably to
me or a little overboard like he's not a bad guy.
He lost his computer company.
Well I mean what happened there.
Ownership but he stepped down from the
O. T. K. step down from and then the
computer Star Forge PCs I think called it he
stepped down from that also not sure if he
gave up his ownership but.
No way no way he gave a ownership.
He gave his leadership position.
Yeah those things are all just gestures
and mean nothing.
Every finite chances are he was just being
paid or has been paid in equity right and
so maybe he was getting a little bit of a
salary but also could have been just like
his equity is based on him taking positions
of leadership in the company so it's also
very possible that now he doesn't have to
take any position actual executive
position in the company but still keep all the money.
Yeah do any work and.
Distribution each year.
Totally and you know these are things I know
that there's like some they have like a company
that sells like pre-built PCs or something
also like I don't know but all I can
place for the same deal there these guys
are put into positions based on the fact
that they're the ones that are like the
built-in marketing arm for the company
so when as Mon Gold says hey go buy your
pre-built PC use my code or whatever
they probably don't have to pay him but
he does own a piece of the company so it
makes you know it's he's incentivized
to do that so I don't know those are
all that's nothing and taking two weeks
off is probably something that he wishes
he could do normally and now he gets to
take two weeks off still stay in the
conversation because we're talking about
him now and people are still talking about
him so he's not going to lose any momentum
in terms of his viewership yep it'll do
like doctor disrespect so where he takes
a little bit of time and he comes back
and then it's like bigger than ever and
it's like that's why we just always say
that these are just vacations for these
guys so there's no real
disrespect back and people still watch
them I think in the end
yeah in the end with this online stuff
you could almost short of killing people
you can stay in the stay relevant yeah
yeah well if you're like a if you're
in certain industries you can kill people
and then like sing about it and that's
just credibility Matt did you um did you
say you were a fan of as been like
before or heaven for a while
I wasn't a huge fan I but I didn't dislike
me there I would occasionally watch
some of his videos but I wasn't like
you know always watching them yeah he
seemed like the kind of you know guy
like if you just check out his YouTube
videos on select subjects you're like oh
he's just kind of like a little bit of a
shuddering dude but he goes on rants
and he's somewhat articulate but then
like you drill a little deep in your
life he was reacting to everything like
he literally react to any topic you
could think of well he used to kind of
just react to like Warcraft news and
like gaming news mostly right yeah that's
it how you got famous a World Warcraft
player because I didn't I stopped playing
Warcraft like when I was a long time
ago like during Wrath of the Lich King
or whatever but I would occasionally
would watch an Asmongold video where
he was like complaining about patch
notes just because for some reason I
found it amusing like the specifics
and like how dire he made everything
seem but that was more like in I
think 2016 2017 and then you know I saw
I'm reacting like the Johnny Depp stuff and
was like I'm probably good was that
tell you about our society that we are
now putting all this emphasis on a guy
who used to play World of Warcraft
online for 20 hours a day yeah now
we're shutting him down for his
political views and listening to his
political takes yeah it's difficult to
tell if it's the audience at fault or
him sometimes like we are certainly
paying attention to him doing these
things when he's very on the face like
unqualified to be going on Israel
Palestine Rants yeah exactly a cast
different subject your world UFOs I
heard November let's talk sort of
news coming out am I correct in saying
that some sort of government documents
in the middle of November something
there's there's constantly something
being put in but there was like there
there's there's supposed to be an
October surprise I don't know if that's
what you're talking about necessarily
but there was supposed to be an
October surprise and essentially that
surprise was because something was
rolled up into a like a government
mandate that was in a bill that said
that the government had to turn over
certain pieces of information related
to their collection of UAP by a
certain time and that time was supposed
to be this October and then it got it's
just recently been pushed a year so
there was national disclosure day a
couple days ago I talked a little bit
about in the in the brightest thing
that we shot today but essentially
there's this what they're calling
event or imminent thing and it's like
the buzz about it keeps coming up so
there's a couple things there's an
event that's supposed to come out
that's essentially aliens showing
themselves being like we're fucking
here you guys are toast okay we're
gonna enslave you okay there's that
then there's also maybe this is maybe
more what you're thinking of there is
a discovery that they're currently
vetting which could be a discovery
of a techno and a biosignature on a
planet like four light years or like
a system and I think it's like
Proxima something but the chas the
word on the street is that China and
the United States are racing to make
the announcement first that they've
discovered life but right now they're
just doing their due diligence to make
sure that it's not just like you know
interference from like they're getting
radio feedbacks and that's what they're
picking up but they picked up a signal
and the signal seems to exhibit
qualities like a signal would if it was
on a rotating planet so it's like they
have this thing called Doppler effects of
the signals getting a Doppler effect so
it's like dimming when it turns and it's
farther away and it's coming back and it's
stronger so that's so those are like
the kind of the two big things are we
sending Joey Foster no no we're not
she's too old now yeah we only say young
hot yeah we're only sending young hot
hot out there so I don't know that's
that's just what's going on right I just
read it okay I'm not saying I believe in
it 100% I'm more like 95% yeah I think
we're all fucking toast I do think they're
waiting for after the election yeah yeah
a lot of it is they just want to see
their boy Trump get elected and then
they'll be like alright we're here our
boys in they don't want the
enslavement of the human race he won't let
him in yeah that's a good point I kept
them out yeah they should you know what
those people she should really get what
they should really invade us during her
administration so he can hang it around her
neck yeah speaking of Sydney Sweeney
Uncle Phil the chat says we're sending
Sydney Sweeney I just saw a photo of
Sydney Sweeney today she's playing
oh geez I want to say like a wrestler
or a boxer you won't pull up that photo
case if you could play yes it's a plan
a boxer she looks fucking ripped at it
and then I'll let you go man we'll get
to snap and then gogged idly and then
Dylan but yeah we got to see there's
there's one photo that comes with this
one is another photo of her sort of
flexing her try see yeah it's one other
photo where did I see it she almost
looks like she's outside like outside the
set by the trailer and yeah that's the
one yeah look at this look at that is
that real is a real try and buy right
there dude I think so she did a cycle
of Roy's for this movie she did oh she
had to yeah for sure maybe well she had
to because there's no way she went from
like dainty little busty petite to this
she's like a bulking face she was buying
those like big black drums of protein
powder that say like yeah gorilla but
gorilla belly muscle yes dude yeah
absolutely this is definitely fiota
content exterminator yeah I just wanted
to show you guys that so that's so I
don't know if we're gonna be sending
her out there okay we need to send
someone you know that's not on a cycle
right now but Matt the stat thanks for
the call brother call us next week
right we'll do I may have a good night
see you man see ya you know real quick
cast I just have to get out there
courtesy of this has been sold gold stuff
I heard some story that he used to as
an alarm clock maybe everybody already
knows this he used to use a dead rat as
an alarm clock because there's a dead
rat on his window sill and when the sun
rose it would like heat up the rat corpse
and create a stink that would wake him up
apparently it's a story he legitimately
said himself maybe he's just exaggerating
to seem like the ultimate shut-ins but
that is like one of the grossest facts
I've ever heard about a lot of hate is
confirming that that is crazy that he
should have lost O.T.K. for that he
should have been stricken from the
internet just for sharing that story
we needed to make a well-desk check
and send him to jail look that's not a
normal like you're a slob like a lovable
slob thing that is something is wrong
with you level of you need help like
hoarder you're gonna be a whore you're
gonna end up on hoarders I think maybe
the only thing that's keeping you from
that is like you probably have money
and you may have people come in and
clean that up but that is disgusting
God did Lee has more on as my gold
house clean up here after we get to
the
catchphrase catchphrase what's up
snap J welcome to call cast
a cast I take a
case how you're doing doing great good
snap
they're good to hear from you last
time we spoke with you
oh yeah go ahead
I'll just like red red helmet red
burger shop hoodie
that's what you're wearing is a red
helmet red bear you're wearing a
helmet while you're on the phone are
you on a motorcycle or regular
it's a it's a it's prescribed by
doctor hmm okay is it
that concussions yep
you've got concussion yeah you got
to be careful I think the helmets
are probably a safe move all right
yeah be careful hey um yeah
I'm phase four whatever that means
like your phase four concussion
concussion I don't know they did
them in phases cases you know that
thought it was just Marvel movies but
yeah I just thought it was going to
get over if it's anything like
Marvel movies were hoping
to see a phase six
right it doesn't get worse
as the phases are like Marvel movies
yeah that is how those were
excuse me ah
okay snap snap thank you snap
J last time we we talked to you
um I think you know I think
you know I think you know
we talked to you um I think
we were sort of giving you a little bit
fashion advice and had a
yeah and you sort of you
sent a picture yeah
let me see if I can send it over to
case and case can um
show it on the stream
yeah I gotta hold the pic with y'all
that's fair okay yeah
all right that's that's fine
I mean
we're all about honest here so you know
y'all make me look like an idiot
okay what are you talking about
you guys
how do we make you look like an idiot
you make me look like I was a pimp
I look like a fool
oh well here's your photo
I just sent it to everybody
I just sent it to your discord
snap J I kind of
I think I see what might have happened
yeah yeah
oh yeah you do look
you do kind of look like a pimp
a little bit snap
what was that about
y'all's
y'all's directions
and then somebody told me
you're wearing a classic
pimp outfit and I was like
what
and they were like yeah
and I was like damn
hmm I was like I gotta
I gotta call up
I gotta call up Cass and get you to the staff
you also kind of look like an influencer though
yeah is this gonna say you look
kind of like just like a
like a tick-tocker
like something cool like a cool dude
because it's obviously working
you've got a very handsome woman
beside you there I mean
did you find that
people were attracted to this new
that's your best girl Lonnie huh
the dudes
the dudes loved Lonnie
but yeah I was
projecting a less than professional
image that's for certain
hmm well
they were scared off by my look
they thought I was gonna
bitch slap them or something
well have you thought about this NavJ
what if you keep the sunglasses
you keep the hat obviously you keep the chain
with what maybe is a skull on it
but you go with a full
we'll say like $6,000 Armani
business suit but like you know just a classic
like simple black business suit
well you know what I did
like a three piece
and we dressed up all business
like I got a briefcase
with crackers in it
and I got a boys size large
suit I asked for the cheapest suit they got
and that's what they had
and uh
so you got a boys size large
okay
so it sounds like you've completely
changed the
what you've been wearing so you're no longer
wearing what you would call the pimp outfit
oh no yeah I'm all
business now
I got the boys size large suit
and tie
just barely squeezing the
button it could fit it's just like
pulling it just a little bit
but I made it work
if you can shop in boys large
that's just a great way to save money
like that's just a smart business decision
you get a whole lot
like the options just open up
yeah when you're a BL
yeah you do a little of that boys life
not Husky large
it's like sometimes it's cheaper to buy
two kids meals as opposed to one adult
meal you know if you can get away with it
exactly because you get two toys
yeah you get double the toys
an orange juice and a milk
well it sounds like
you know you know the
oh yeah what's what's up
I'm a dad too
I just became a father
congratulations
congratulations to what
yeah my
my buddy
coyote corvus who turned out to be a chick
had a puppy
and
my friend said
it's a shame about Michael Jackson
nobody would name
kids Michael Jackson anymore and I said watch me
so I named the puppy Michael Jackson
Wow if you're a puppy father to Michael Jackson
your father
to a puppy
and you named it Michael Jackson did you
yeah
and you named it Michael Jackson why
it's a coyote dog
so is it a coyote or is it a dog
it's both
hybrid
the best
okay
what's the best part about it being a coyote
oh
it's just like a survivor
you know
it's like and as a dog
I mean coyotes are kind of like elite
runners you know they're like
like marathons of like
dog types you know
yeah you're right they're like
the
the Kenyans of dogs
absolutely
what about the dogs
what sort of the
it's a shepherd
that mr meatballs
and that's Lonnie's dog
he impregnated
corvus who I thought was a dude
the whole time
yep
sounds like
there's a lot of sort of interspecies
stuff happening here
but is everyone happy and safe
one interspecies just one yeah yeah
okay yeah okay happy as hell
but for a little Mikey Jackson
you know I named him out of spite
but I love him anyways
okay yeah yeah
we're going with Mikey Jackson
I like this
I like this I like why he's puppy
right now so he's little Mikey Jackson
little like a Jackson
I'll just call him Michael Jackson
after that
that's a cool name
was there any other like names
that you were thinking about and pondering
or was Michael Jackson just sort of the one that
you knew what you wanted that's good
yeah yeah yeah
yeah that's good yeah I feel like
you know
sounds like you guys are growing a nice little family there
snap
you want to have a good idea I just like
you know stick to it I don't second
guess things
yeah yeah that's right yeah
there's a beautiful photo do you have any thoughts on asmongold
before we let you go
oh I don't know who that is
that's you have asmongold
you're one of the luckiest
people we know yeah great
yeah great
you work at a burger shop right
is that like the
the dude the brother
and the sister that almost make out with each other
sing the music
yeah that's them
uh no who's that
was that the Donny are you talking about Donny
Oz Donny Osmond
Osmond called the Osmond
brother and sister yeah
um no this is
you don't need to worry about it
snap if we don't want to like
have a man to your yeah yeah I don't bother
yeah don't gurgle it yeah
yeah thanks snap thanks for the call
and hopefully you're not mad at us for
um honestly it was an honest
mistake on our end
you did look good off my chest I gotta go
uh set my uh dead rat alarm clock
catchphrase
okay he got us man
he got us at the end there
that was really good um
I'm glad that things seem to really be
looking up for him yeah
when you're confident you can really pull off
any luck in my opinion yeah
yeah that's right gawk diddly
uh has got some asmongold
I'm so glad that he's suspended and we're talking
about him for two hours
uh gawk diddly
you've got asmongold house cleanup stuff
for us by the way welcome to call cast
how's it going
it's going good how are you guys
pretty good we're hanging in man
yeah we're talking
uh you know
what the ins and outs of staying
relevant online and the things you gotta say to do it
and uh our buddy asmongold
seems to really just have it
nailed
yeah I mean
the house cleanup I think is
just such a good thing
um
and I think not many people are acknowledging
how good it is because
the guy has been insane
I mean he he fixes
gums until they bleedin
and wipes on the walls like
the dude is truly a squad
hold on
um the case is gonna
pull up the photo of the uh the cleanup thing
I think it's on twitter is where I saw a case
uh gawk are you a asmongold
fan or do you watch his
content
so a friend turned me on to him
because um I always
watch his song and he was like I'm more
of an asmongold fan so
uh I would watch him mostly for
research um it's great research
I don't know if I'd comment on his
fan but um an
advin watcher
what kind of research are you doing when you watch
yeah
so I think he he's a great case
of median voter syndrome
he is the the average
American
and uh I think it's
good to know how to reach average American
oh
yeah I like that
here's a photo uh of
asmongold sync before before
if you would have told me like we found
this archaeological
dig site from like uh
I don't know like
maybe just 1800 saloon
you know like this is where um
wider spider in it there's
just a straight up spider on a knife
a poisonous it looks
poisonous like he lives in Australia
by the way doesn't
he feel like he would have a
nicer sync it doesn't seem like he really
spending his money at least on the house
no the aster is wild too
it's it's like broke
social security like grandma sync
is this real
I think he lives in his
I'm not that much of a viewer but I think he
lives in like his old family house
and that he doesn't want to move
okay that actually
this looks like an excavation site
this looks like something you'd click on the discovery channel
and they're like we just found the first use of plates
six like you know
20 feet on the ground
it's a hoarder house
um he's actually fucking
disgusting but
but this is good you're saying oh oh my
god what's this that's his setup
that's a very caravella
that's a very caravella
okay you were saying
that's the clear side of this thing this is pretty good
tell explain to us why this is uh
this is good
so I think that he
actually acknowledges that like
he's being a little bit toxic
and um and that maybe
you know
coming from the guy who used to just
go into wow started guild
and then steal everything
from the guild to like
you know understanding maybe
he can say something
that are hurtful to other people
I think it's like
it shows that there's some growth
and that makes me helpful for the election
and for America
the medium better has the ability
to clean I think
in their life
that is a really that's a very nice way to look at it
I actually I honestly like like this line
of reasoning quite a bit guag
I really like this
I like um
there's like an optimism there's
like a um you
believe in your fellow human
that we all have a chance of maybe potentially do
the right thing and if we aren't
doing it we can always change
course which I think is
super hopeful
yeah I mean
especially the fact that he said he doesn't
want to hire cleaners and that
it's his own mess he's going to clean
it himself like I
think it's
I think it's pretty good his wall is covered
in like this
this tell me that he's getting in his bed with
like dirty shoes and then just putting
them on the wall either that or he's bleeding
on the right
so he has like very few teeth left
but he picks his gum
and then wipes the blood on the wall
oh my god that is so
much worse than anything I could have
mentioned I would have rather had a booger
wall what can you
show me can you pull up some close ups of
his teeth or just his face potentially
yes what
that's unreal
dude I just thought he was a greasy
video gamer kid
he is could be the king
of
some of the most decrepit sort of basement
dwelling he must have had his teeth
fixed I think right
because it they would
I don't think he's really like had a lot
done I think he said something like he
he's done so much damage they can't really
do much
that's he seems to have most of his teeth
in all these photos but
I can't see says just
all of his back teeth are gone
no
wow dude what is he
I'm not that's just what he said I haven't
like examined his mouth for anything
but
that's okay just real quick tasty
says
asmon already told his viewers on reddit
that he will return on his
anti DEI
slop once he's back
so is this all just for show
or is this
well
I think he still has some
against
I think he was mostly just
apologizing for
the the common
saying that the palestinians
deserve to be genocide because
of their culture
and he realized that they're not
a monolith and that most of them are
probably kids and don't have a culture
and
that's mostly what he's apologizing for
damn did
he is their culture
asmon gold is their god
yeah
100% he is
he is the wow king like
you ever met the troll in
like wow or
mind or a runescape
he is 100% like the king
troll
our poor ovelies
probably in daily contact
with them MSG points out
what culture war stuff
is how he's been making his bread recently
it's been a lot of people who
can't seem to get traction on talent alone
seem to have to sort of take a fiery
political stance this is always good
always good
I will say as someone who's listened
to him a lot on his culture war stuff
like a lot of people just say that
he's just against the guy
but I think his nuance takes like
his community is complete trash but
his actual take is that like
if your entire identity
goes around DEI
your entire game is about DEI
it's going to be trash
because that's all your focus on
instead of making an actual game
I think that's mostly
his third point and I think in some cases
like you can see like
if you just make a character's main
divine thing
is that they're gay or whatever
it can like really
hinder other aspects
but I think he does just
feel his community way too hard
yeah I think a lot of people in Asman Gold's lane
they have like the shred of a point
about how a lot of corporate
kind of identity
finessing can feel really inauthentic
like I've experienced this at a fair number of places I work with where
they trot out like diversity initiatives
or they kind of pat themselves on the back
for being representative
when kind of on the hold or not
or sometimes there's like
intellectual properties that feel like they're doing that in a disingenuous way
I think where it like falls apart for me
is they're just so focused on it
like they can't just
either be like oh I don't like this game
or like it's they pinpoint
on like it's the diversity
inclusion stuff that is ruining this game
often even in games that are completely
fine it's like the issue with like a game like
Starfield to me wasn't that there were
that they that they allowed you to
like choose a choose genders it was like
just a kind of poorly
thought out overly overly large game
but they kind of like it feels like they hang so much
of their animosity around
what's ultimately like a fairly
minor quibble and at best like oh well
that reads as a little inauthentic but like kind of harmless
in my opinion
yeah yeah and this is where I think it's good
that he is cleaning his place
because you know
I think when you have
a clean place you can get a clean
mind I'm a clean person
and I think it really helps
see a work thing about and I know that
this is like the start of his journey
and I know there's going to be a lot of people that say
he can't change and
it's going to be really hard for him to change
I don't doubt that but I think that
you know this is a
step and I've never seen him take
any step other than into the
abyss of a bloody wall
so you know I
I'm going to be optimistic about it
and this is a good point I think there's a bunch of moves
you could have made this seems to be
what we would consider a positive
step even if it doesn't last
it's still better than him
not doing this for his mental health
you know he could have just doubled down
on more blood on the walls like you said
filling up the sink who knows what else
I mean if that's the stuff we can just
see who knows what he's doing that we
can't see I don't like it
he seems to have a come draw
company and the core of it is like
this guy's blood covered
like sock filled room
and he's like
sock filled room
like he has like a multi-million dollar
company and he's wiping blood on his walls
and like sleeping on old laundry
it's just so yeah
and you can really feel it too when you're
around him I will say
yeah I gotta
I gotta imagine that there is a
there is a sort of like
a negative aura
that comes off somebody who's in
there because
there is a depressive
you're kind of depressed right
can we all agree on like if you're living in that
you're
some level of depression
something yeah
something and it could be
hard parent life and other things
and I think he 100%
is depressed and
he grew up poor I mean
look at his teeth man
he's like wasted away
half of his mouth
and
he's not a happy man
he goes and
raids his entire
wow server
and gets out to the server
like it is early days
and all the way to
it's kind of okay that people get
you outside of they suck
like
I think he's gonna be super depressed to think all that
yeah
he's in his own
sort of bubble his own echo chamber
he's doesn't seem like he probably leaves his house often
and when you leave your house
that's where other people are and other people
is how you
hear other points of view
so
you know luckily he's
sort of found out
that maybe his point of view in this case was
sometimes when you say something out loud to an actual person
you're like wait a minute this is embarrassing
yeah I need to stop talking like this
yeah you see
you can actually see the look on their face
which is something that you kind of lose
when you're on a
live stream and all you're just
reading is chat
um gawk thank you so much for calling in
thanks for hanging on the line while we
got to you and
appreciate you call us next week with the next hot topic
will you yeah thanks gawk
well do you think
thanks gawk
alright final caller of the day
is dylan who's
wants to talk movies is movie Monday for dylan
hell yeah
yeah by by the way
tasty zero says I appreciate
diggley passion hope for the guy
but I think it's way too late
for redemption as mon sorry he got caught
and not much else the whole
I'm cleaning you guys
is just part of the return arc
to his fan base and no one else
I think
point being is you're probably right
but it is better than
an alternative action which is him doubling
or tripling down on the whole thing and causing more of
a
of a rift or divide
yeah if he's sincere that's
it's good that he's sincere like I'm not saying it redeems
or not I don't know it really just depends on the person
watching him and how they feel
but it is to your point
it's really hard to tell with these creators
if it's sincere or a ploy
or even if it is sincere if it doesn't
ultimately become kind of a grift to just milk it
for money because every aspect
of their life is being milked for views
just by the nature of the platform so
you know he's in a weird position to where
if he is sincere it's actually hard
to make progress
because he's going to get pulled back in by all the
temptations of like money and also just the ease
of turning on a computer ignoring
the smell of dead rats behind you and talking about
that's not real that is enough
that can't believe the dead rat thing
I need a clip of that or something
if anyone wants to find it
Dylan what's going on by the way welcome dark slide
thanks for hanging in the jet Dylan what's up buddy
welcome to call Cass
guys thank you
we're gonna shoot off two moments here
this is my dvd dood day
okay
but it's Monday
and
we get my actual twitter wall
moment but it's real right
okay perfect
anyway
so on Monday
you guys would be surprised what's going on
in the cinemas these days
what you should be going and watching
yes
I love this absolutely
so you got
the 20th anniversary of
Sean of the Dead
and there are a few readers showing this movie
coming up on Tuesday
nice
you know what Dylan by the way you have the
perfect voice for this you really do
oh my god stop right now
you guys that's a bad
that's a bad ass compliment that's a super
bad ass compliment you got perfect voice
it's a little bit like
movie phone but like
more modern you know what I mean it's perfect
alright I love here this
that once or twice in my whole
it's true
now you know it's validated
yeah 35th
anniversary back to the future
part two also being
shown on the 19th and the 21st
in movie theaters right now
select movie theater I don't have a list of
all of them you gotta get a finding
okay
that's fair we can Google it 35th
I like actually like back to the
future to the best out of the back to the
futures okay that's my favorite
that's the one that slapped the hardest for you
what about k it's left
you know I'm a sucker for evil future Biff
aka Donald Trump prediction
that's right
I'm just a sucker for Biff in general and I do
feel like that's the most Biff heavy
movie so it's also my favorite it's hard
Biff yeah
isn't really the Biff heaviest movie
because
old school mad dog
you get a whole movie full of Biff
a whole mad dog in the that's true
I've grown to like three more
but I used to feel like a betrayal to me
as a kid for some reason is like no
I want the hoverboard back
yeah we like the technology
the future Pepsi
I appreciate that
mm-hmm yeah what else you got what
else is coming
oh a little throwback besides blue chef
let's see okay coming out on DVD
I don't have a rapid fire
cart like Chris Gore sorry I wasn't ready
enough of that oh no worries
you're crushing this
I like you way more than Chris Gore already
oh oh
thank you
so check this out November 5th November
5th we got Kevin Smith
430 movie coming out on DVD
mm-hmm
did you know he made a new movie
what is for
oh this I meant to see this
I saw the preview for this and I thought it was good
but it's got clerks vibe
to it right it's not clerks vibe
yeah it has a great
clerks vibe to it
it's a throwback to like
old Kevin Smith this is
what I like Kevin Smith Kevin Smith
I can't say it's good or bad Kevin Smith
all I know is one of the best movies I've seen this year
oh you saw it
I did see it
and you said it's one of the best movies
you've seen yet this year
yes sir and
oh there was only two people in the
movie theater with me including my brother
so you're your brother
and just one stranger
and the guy came in late
the movie that already started and the other man
who joined the movie theater came in late
damn that's too bad because I didn't think
this looked promising and then I completed
it and then I completed it
because I didn't think this looked promising and then I completely forgot
I assumed I'd hear about it again
when it came out but I guess I didn't
I like
Kevin Smith
this Austin kid he killed it
he carried this movie to the end
everybody else felt like a cherry on top
and you see these cameos
and stuff no this Austin
kid he carried this movie like a champ
damn
that's great yeah I'm
pumped for this before honestly I saw
the thing I'm like ooh like
how come no one I know is talking
about this maybe it's because it's bad but I'm
so glad to hear that you liked it I'll definitely
check it out so check it out this
same year we have another movie
in this late 80s early 90s
vibe snack shack
on Amazon
snack shack
okay has a great vibe
you're gonna watch the preview you guys are gonna be like wow
what a great vibe what a great
summer quick combination
even though we're ending out
the end of the hot years
the hot month
we're getting into the chilly weather
these movies have a great vibe
damn
I'm gonna have to check out 90s throwback
yeah yeah yeah yeah
it's because everyone that's
you know nostalgic for this time
are the ones making movies we're getting
a ton of 90s
nostalgia the 80s stuff
obviously it's kind of been around for a sec
now you're getting a lot of 90s
there's like a Freddy freaker movie we must be
in the 90s strikes on did we can't
wait for the freaky freaker
so that is a little bit of a Monday
you know I don't want to drag it on too much
I don't want to go into box office mojo
because we all know what's taking a dump
and what's not right
I think the Joker is taking a dump right
it got dumped
oh yeah yeah it took a bit of a shit
yeah
but megalopolis is doing great right
megalopolis did good
yeah no it's also
sorry
and we do have quite a few things picking up
terrifier 3 and you can stream the other two
right now on a lot of streaming
yes
yeah I'm kind of waiting for
terrifier 3 I'm hoping it kind of
hits vod by the time
I before
Halloween but I might have to go see
it in the theater because it's apparently beat joker 2
in its box
when Kendall and I were there
it seemed like most people were there to see terrifier
yeah
yeah
and it is interesting to see what else is kind of
doing money because there's other movies
that are being played right now
hocus pocus is in theaters right now
and there are quite a few other scary movies
and Beatlejuice
the original
is being played right now while Beatlejuice
is being played
so you have one option to see movies you've never seen
before in theaters and you just got to kind of
jump online and see what your local movie
theaters have for you to enjoy because I
really really think it's important for people
to get into the theater and pay for
what they used to like to watch
because that's what they still want to see
they don't want to see the old version
exactly right I mean why not
they want to see something
that caters to what they like
and
if you don't go pay for the movies you want to see
they're not going to make them
they're right I should go see
Terrifier 3
Dylan what a terrific movie
introduction and a premiere of movie
Monday fantastic job
can we call back on Monday please
absolutely oh please I was going to ask you
call back next week
and then if you want to give us the winners
and losers of the box office for that weekend
would love
to get a quick roundup
box office mojo numbers for you cast
no problem lube chef
be on waiting for the next
delivery from your bakery
anytime you can afford case
absolutely I'll hit the lube
thank you Dylan
that was fantastic thanks buddy
we'll see you next week
man that was great what a way to end it
I loved movie Monday I want to see movie Monday
back
next week I don't know what's coming out
I should have asked them
to give us a preview
of what's coming out that weekend
was our first movie Monday so we'll
we'll get more used to it as we go
I should have told you
it's your first time cast like it happens
guys thank you so much
for tuning into another fantastic
call cast
it's been really nice to get to know you guys
for the last
hour and 30 minutes or so
45 minutes
I want to thank the subscribers
app Steve for hitting
21 months boner salad like I said hitter
a year dank sauce thanks for the raid
metal cast hit 22
months metal cast welcome back stony back
for 23 months
snorlax and back for 24 months
two years
and super beast for 20 months
thank you guys so much
for tuning in every week make sure
you support case on his streams during the
week when's your next stream case
I think I'll stream tomorrow
I should have time probably I'll be
kind of on like a Monday to Wednesday and then
earlier Thursday and then maybe not on Friday
it's for a while
okay great I
I hope to see you guys
potentially at the end of the week call of duty coming out this week I gave a shout out to dank sauce our call screener
go give him a follow
support the stream
he does the call screening
for free out of the kindness of his own heart
he's a fantastic gta rp
if you enjoy
funny dudes
doing funny things online
go support me as a member of our community and we will see you
Wednesday
for the patreon are you good for Wednesday this week
case I should also ask you because I know you got the
gig I think I am yeah
I think it should be a
okay this week it's Wednesday
it's the week after that will
have to find a different night other than Wednesday
for me but this week it's Wednesday
we'll see you guys there we're going to finish
the Vince McMahon documentary on Netflix
Oh baby and then we'll find something else to watch
I think I'm going to
honestly so far
they haven't really touched
on too much they have a little bit of the
the Trish Stratus stuff from the last
episode
but like I was really fascinated
by the Shane McMahon and Stephanie McMahon
dynamic yeah him almost having a
storyline where he impregnated
his own daughter
like he's a great
guy and he's a great guy
and he's a great guy and he's a great guy
and he's a great guy and he's a great guy
and he's a great guy
and he's a great guy and he's
a great guy
and he's completed his own
daughter
like do you imagine having that been an
actual storyline
un fortunately
absolutely a scumbag
absolutely that will do anything for ratings
and money
but I having a blast watching it because
this is a lot of fun footage that sent
I've not caught up on Agatha, so I've got a lot of TV to watch.
We're going to need somebody else to call and do a TV version of what Dylan did today.
That would be great.
I get sucked in the politics like all these streamers, and I forget that we can just
talk about movies.
We should just go.
You should do a character on a whole other channel.
No one will know it's you.
Do full makeup, do full thing, and then just say the most crazy shit.
I want to bet you within six months we get you to the top.
Oh yeah.
People waiting for us entering the country on ski dues.
Oh no.
They're so tall and white.
They're good at basketball.
OK, thank you guys so much.
I'll see you Wednesday.
Thanks, Case.
Thank you.
All right, everybody.
I'm sending you Christian's way.
Cass, I don't know if you're rating anybody, but Christian is on.
I'll be rating him.
I already, I already started.
Tell them the rate is from both of us.
It's from both of us.
Yeah, yeah.
Tell them that the rate is from both of us.
Even though Cassim didn't do it.
Say hi to Christian from Cassim and I.
I should be on tomorrow, probably in the afternoon, to do a little bit of news.
If you just need to hear more about the wonderful things going on in the world, but also mostly
just people yelling at each other with little cartoon faces on my face.
OK, have a great rest of your night, everybody.
Say hi to Christian for-