I'm Papita, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
This is my gamer setup, Kendall.
You didn't hear it wrong.
You didn't? I said, OBS was on...
When I walked here, I was like, oh, I have some message for you.
Oh, I was muted then.
Yeah, but I didn't realize, you know.
I looked up and I was like, oh.
Yeah, we're in casual mode today.
They were keeping it extra casual.
A lot of player enchants.
You know what I mean?
I would have been like, no.
Actually, I would have been like, views.
Oh, Kendall, we have to do a dance battle.
Who? You and me.
Hi. Because I made it a sub goal without asking you.
What the fuck?
You can name a second if you want.
You can name a champion if you don't want to do it.
I would love to name a second.
It's gonna be Tony Tony.
Our cat?
Cool, you think you're gonna get it?
I'm gonna get it.
I'm gonna get it.
Our cat?
Cool, you think you're gonna get a hold of her left to drug her?
Okay, wait, what kind of dance battle?
Are we going in freestyle or is chat...
Because I'm imposing this on you,
I think you get to choose.
Or we could have chat.
That's what I was saying. Do they choose what we have to dance in that dance battle
or are we recreating something?
I was thinking, my thought was we could both bring a YouTube dance
and we each have to learn it live.
You're almost certainly gonna win.
Then chat votes on who did it better.
Should we give me a hand chat?
We might need to because my hips are so stiff and bad.
Uh-huh.
And I hear dancing is all about the hips.
Non-consensual dance battle?
Yes, call 911.
That is a bad twitch username.
Hips do like mine crack.
You got her, he's doing yoga every morning.
Yeah, I've got more mobility than
maybe not ever but in a while.
Okay, I leave though.
I'm gonna work, dad.
Back to work?
Guys, I don't even have Snapchat loaded today.
That's how lazy I'm being.
But the thing is I have to...
Um...
We have to do the Patreon at 6.
So at 5, I'm gonna play Slay the Spire with Tim.
Meaning I kind of have 20 minutes here where I actually have nothing.
I have nothing for us to do.
That is no thing.
I guess I could take that drill in the background there
and just start drilling holes in the wall.
Yeah, welcome to Case Unfiltered and Unplugged.
You're getting kind of a behind the scenes look
at how things happen here.
You might have noticed I have a room.
And in that room, there's a green screen.
And that's it.
That's the tour.
What other roles do we fill with wrestlers?
You know, I can show you that I've been doing, guys.
Um...
Well, can I show you this?
Let me make sure there's nothing
insane in this footage
that I can't show you.
Like my whole nude ass.
I don't think I recorded that,
but you can never be sure.
Anyway, a while ago, we did that stream
where we pulled ideas out of a hat.
Um...
Which I've been very slow to actually finish,
but I've been working on it this week
or last couple of weeks.
Um...
So anyway, I explained...
I think I had a stream a while ago,
or maybe that was the Patreon
that I had to buy a toilet.
I think I had a stream a while ago
that I had to buy a toilet,
because Kendall didn't...
The idea I pulled was dying eggs in a toilet,
for reference.
Kendall didn't want me to die eggs
in one of our toilets.
So I went to Lowe's,
and I bought their cheapest toilet.
And the goal was to basically
set the toilet up in this dirty garage,
and then...
fake it, so that it looks
like it's a toilet in a bathroom.
So I put a white board under it,
and I set up this
$90 toilet.
Um...
Eventually I basically...
Now that I've figured out how to die eggs
in a toilet, which by the way,
harder than I thought.
It turns out...
It's not actually a good place to die eggs.
Who would have known?
Even when you have a toilet specifically
for the task.
But I did recently edit my first attempt
at an ad.
At an egg-dying video.
Which I guess I can give away for free.
Because honestly,
it's just a test run.
I'm gonna have to make probably 30 of these videos
to have a chance of even one getting like
10k views. Which I will probably claim
is a success.
Who was a professional egg-dier?
I'm about to be.
What's that Mr. President?
I don't have his voice loaded.
Sorry, I mean the President
forgot to load his voice into his throat this morning.
But he says,
I remember when I'd make it into the toilet jack
and just fill in.
That's the best I got.
Here's you, um, hey guys.
Gotta remember.
I've spent too long since I've heard him talk.
Come on, man. Come on, man.
That's my
that's my bite and sense at least.
Skip the filters and I do all the voices.
I mean, I do technically
always do all the voices.
Anyway, here's an attempt at
a toilet egg dying video.
It's still a work in progress, guys.
So if you have any ideas
for how I can make this go viral,
please let me know.
No, the hype has ended.
Damn it.
Right when I was showing you guys this toilet dying video.
Pretty good, right?
So you might be wondering
why did I put, look at this photograph
under that video.
I mean, I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
Look at this photograph under that video.
Well, there's reason behind it, of course.
It turns out that actually whoever
uh,
recommended dying eggs in a toilet
must have already seen that on Instagram
because there's literally
a vice article about dying eggs in a toilet.
And some lady who went viral for dying eggs
in a toilet and then when I looked into it
there's tons of videos of people dying eggs
in toilets.
So I'm actually entering a crowded goddamn market
to try to make my video go viral.
Look, this is the one that popped off, apparently.
This is the one that's already viral.
Um,
and it does have a song under it.
I'll have to cover the song myself
for the ultimate YouTube video, but on TikTok
there's no rules.
I just gotta do whatever I need to do
to make this thing pop off.
As you can see, hers is a little
more than honestly.
If I had to grade ours, mine is a D
and hers is a B.
And also her eggs came out better.
How come her eggs came out so much cooler?
I'll tell you why.
And this is a serious accusation. I think she's fucking cheating.
I don't think she died those days.
I think she swapped the eggs.
And guess who's gonna take that same fucking strategy?
This guy.
There's no rules out here.
Anyway, if you see
a video in the next
two months
that has gone viral
of eggs getting died in a toilet
and you recognize the hands,
that means it's been a huge success.
But none of these have been posted yet.
You're getting early access footage, guys.
That's what you get on this stream.
Is early access footage of YouTube videos
that probably only you guys will ever see?
Yeah, this is a huge leak.
Oh fuck, Scrum was supposed to
rap for 30 minutes.
I don't even think we can do that today.
Because I have to do this stream
and also I just got a fucking
work email, damn it.
It's too much to do, guys. There's too many eggs
to die in a toilet.
There's too much sleigh to spy or to play.
Yeah, I only have 20 minutes
until Tim shows up. I got it.
I mean, the promise was that Scrum would
at-rap for 30 minutes uninterrupted.
So that's what we have to do.
Do it with duck eggs?
Well, here's the thing. I bought fake eggs.
That's another-
So, I already actually cheated.
That video you just saw?
Those eggs didn't die at all.
It turns out, because I bought plastic eggs,
you can't buy-
you can't die plastic eggs with food coloring.
But the reason I know she's
still full of shit is I then subbed out
two real eggs and I tested them.
Okay, fine, no shit.
Everyone.
Why did I think I could die plastic eggs?
Because I didn't think about it very much.
And anyway, I figured I might need some fake eggs anyway.
So I just wanted plastic eggs.
Now I basically have stunt eggs
and then I'm going to have real eggs.
But the thing is, now that I know she cheated,
I'm just going to paint the plastic eggs
and then I'll have permanent died eggs.
Then I just fake the chemical reaction every time.
Now I'm in business.
Now I can make infinite egg-dying toilet videos.
And then I'm going to have real eggs.
And then I'm going to have real eggs.
And then I'm going to have real eggs.
And then I'm going to have real eggs.
And then I'm doing toilet videos.
Yeah, you just do it by hand.
I looked up how to do it already.
You just have to buy a different type of
ink thing, some kind of alcohol ink
dye.
Yeah, you just...
You put the fake eggs in that never die.
You have your 12 permanently dived eggs.
Then if I really want to get fancy
I just mess with the color sliders
so they always kind of look like different eggs.
Then I post 100 toilet egg-dying videos
until one of them gets a couple views.
This is the game plan.
Anyway, you'll hear me say all of this
in a YouTube video again eventually.
Maybe I can just pull it off the stream now.
Me explaining this.
I should die 100 eggs.
I don't wanna kill, I don't wanna waste
that much food is the thing.
That was the reason I bought plastic eggs.
Is I feel bad eating 100 chicken embryos.
I'm sorry, not eating them.
That's one way to make you go viral
is to eat the eggs afterwards.
We'll see how desperate I get.
Try to eat 50 eggs.
Really I only have to go with this project
until one of these videos pops off.
So we'll just see how much effort it takes
to go from a zero-view, zero-following account
on TikTok to a functional channel with viral videos.
Or I'm gonna post them on Instagram too.
If it works on any platform,
taking that to the bank.
Too tiny toilets in a giant egg shell, flip the script.
That would be pretty next level if I could pull that off.
But I don't think I can pull that off.
That's my take.
Okay, wait, let me load Slay the Spire.
Or I forget.
They do have toilet coffee mugs.
Dying, what, I need a huge egg.
It's conceptually difficult to convey.
I'm dying tiny, tiny toilets in an egg.
I already need a dedicated fan base
to then make that joke of the thing I'm already doing.
Put some dye in a toilet and take a huge shit in it.
That might be going, trying to go viral
on a very specific part of OnlyFans I'm assuming.
I don't know if that one can go straight to TikTok.
What are we if not that fan base?
No, I mean, obviously I want you guys
to love all the toilet egg dying content that I'm making.
But the goal here is for one of these videos
to just randomly tickle the algorithm right and pop off.
Don't worry, there's a lot of,
I put a ton of thought into this.
That's why I bought plastic eggs
and that couldn't die right away.
If you want to go big, you need one of those giant urinals.
One thought I have if I get desperate
is that I dye eggs in public toilets.
And I put a sabotage under it by Beastie Boys
and I just keep posting,
sneaking into places, dyeing eggs in toilets.
But I don't want to wreck
a bunch of establishments, actual toilets.
So another thought was that I fake that.
I just make it seem like I'm dyeing eggs in toilets,
but secretly I just composite my toilet
into a bunch of different locations.
That way I trick everyone on,
that way I trick everyone on TikTok.
And then like, oh, he's fucking wrecking
all these places.
It feels, I don't want to do that one
because it feels inherently mean spirited to me.
And it's very rage-baity.
But I might get there,
because I think there's a good chance
I post 30 of these things
and they literally all get zero views.
Because I just don't know.
The reason that lady's video popped off,
I've done the research now, guys.
The reason hers did well is she has a whole channel
that's like weird crafts.
So she already had the built-in audience.
I'm starting from goddamn ground zero.
I'm not even posting these on my account
and I won't tell you guys where they're going.
This is a secret activity.
This is clandestine operations.
I gotta start from a zero view account
and get one video, one of these videos to go viral.
And I haven't even defined yet what that means.
I think it depending on how poorly it goes.
Okay, live in sleazy might find them.
I can't put it past live in sleazy.
But I think depending on how poorly it goes,
I might have to set like viral at like 10K views.
But ideally, at least we'd break 100K
with one of these videos,
which should be doable.
I've done that just with random sketch videos
on my barely used TikTok.
It feels like TikTok gives you a freebie
where they give you one with a bunch of views.
So maybe I'll just luck out.
But I guess if I really wanted to prove
that you can make any idea go viral,
I guess ideally I'd have a couple of them go viral
and like the channel would gain some followers.
So we'll see.
We'll just see how much work
each of these YouTube videos would be
because the other thing I'm testing
is if this is a series I could make.
And so far based on the amount of work
just one of these has taken me, I don't know.
I haven't even done that much on it yet, but I was like,
you know what I really broke this down.
This is actually a bit more undertaking than I thought.
What are the other ideas?
The other two I pulled, what was one of them?
Can I even remember them off the top of my head?
I have the footage of the stream where I pulled ideas.
And there were two others.
But I can't remember what they were.
Something might have been like dog,
something might have been dog related
or like cat related.
The other two I think will be easier actually.
Part of the reason I started with this one
is it struck me as kind of the worst idea.
It struck me more or less as the worst idea.
No offense, and I can't even remember off the top of my head
who put it in the bucket.
Again, all ideas are welcome.
Use your village, AKA Discord.
I mean, I will certainly probably call on you guys
for assistance at some point.
But don't worry, you're getting,
this is very early access.
Unfortunately, I don't think I'll be done with this
for like two more months.
Then I'll finally put out a YouTube,
if I keep this rate up and putting out one YouTube video
every three years or so,
that's how you establish a really dedicated fan base.
They gotta wait for it.
Okay, oh also thank yous.
We did get a hype train that I was ignoring
because the hype train isn't available today.
But Brian Westwood, thank you so much for the 17 months.
Google trash, thank you for the tier one sub.
Google trash, also thank you for the five community subs.
Oh geez, Skymer, thank you for the 300 bits.
Wolfdog, thank you for the 41 months.
And I think I got them.
Die cats in the toilet.
What were the other ideas?
Why can't I, did I write, maybe they're in my phone?
I guess I could pull up the, me pulling the ideas out,
but 69 bits.
The pit is still around, don't worry.
I can't cut to them, but if it is still in the atmosphere,
it would be case to not write it down.
I mean, I literally have it in an editing timeline somewhere.
But I just don't have easy access to it.
I did it on stream guys, why don't you just remember?
This thing I did like seven months ago,
should I find out?
Should we just find out?
I guess we have 10 more minutes
until I'm playing games with Tim.
Where did I put, where did I put the stream recording?
There's no question.
It's definitely around here somewhere.
Man, looking through files while streaming
is just never that, it's never as fun as it sounds.
Gone forever now?
No, I literally also have it on a hard drive.
I just don't wanna like, look all over the place for it.
Oh, here it is.
Oh, but okay, wait one second.
I don't think it'll load with my,
outside of my editing software.
Oh, there it is.
Yeah, see, we did this a while ago.
We're in with the, and set up.
Let's see, let's see what I pull.
What'd you get?
What did we get?
That's a good one, that's a good one.
Okay, from Skymer, we simply got dude drugs.
Oh, that was one is do drugs that one. I think is a little yes, primer. Thank you for the idea. I mean that one
Should be easy for me. Honestly
But it's it's a little broader. It's a little trickier because it's so broad
That one I'll have to take a look that's more of like a third video concept
Take a little more artistic license. I don't know. I mean, I could fake it live in sleazy. I
Could also they didn't specify the drug I could be Tylenol does this show up at all?
Okay, let's see what else I pulled over here
From exterminator 13 it just says cats. Oh, yeah, that one was just cats
Okay, you got it exterminator. I might have to contact you at some point. Oh, yeah, you nailed it
That one is also some point see what inspired you frustratingly broad I have to say but I'll figure it out
Cats are so popular already. I do also have cats
Exterminator I'll get her on to I got a diags in a toilet for the next three months. Give me a break
Look gotta look away. All right
There's some I'm gonna try to get a little one. Yeah, no, I'm not that's Jesus
This is good for me. This is reminding me of what the other ideas even are
Oh, you're gonna hate this
Okay, this is toilet apple. We got die eggs in a toilet. It's apple to apple. There we go
No, Kendall has already told me, you know apple to apple
I should message you on discord to see what your inspiration was here
Was this just an idea that you had or did you see videos of people dying eggs in toilets?
She said that I can't I don't have apples apples here, but I am curious
Oh, it is
Is like
It was that one
This week in trends male whale tail that one might be the second video
Because that's a little more specific. Oh, you are here apple to apple
Did you so wait had you watched videos of people dying eggs in toilets and you wanted to see me do it too?
Or was that just a thing you were like?
What if people did this because it turns out
It's a trend already
But if you're aware of that that's fine too
You know
I think I pulled five
So I think I have five ideas to work with here
But anyway, the first video is taking me way too long. So we'll see how long it takes me to get to all five of these
I don't know. Oh, that's the whole point. All right. Do you want to do the last one?
See what the last one was
Oh boy, this is the thin one
From live in sleazy the master mod recipes for your dog
That's another pretty good one that one
That one I'm tempted to just do earnestly
Just learn how to make really good food for dogs
I just do a try hard non-comedy effort video where I just try to assist animals by making them dinners
It feels like the most wholesome approach
But maybe also I don't do that
Recreate a scene from earnest goes to jail. That's a pretty good. The other thing is there's some very fun ideas
On the list that I have I still have the hat full of ideas over there
We only pulled five and there were like
100 plus I do go through the ideas and I had to pull out some that I thought might read is like too
touchy
If anything, I don't think anything in there was really like sexist
Or like racist, but if I was like, well, it'll push me in a direction that might
Get somebody in trouble. I guess only me
Um, I think I I think I removed like 10 or something. So there were any there was like 100 plus ideas
I do think there might have been a do grunge face one in there
And they're also I think there could have also been a something chinese idea
be chinese
An idea I've had and can't pull off so
That one's out. What about a video where you fight the urge to dye eggs in the toilet?
that is
I'm doing kind of the opposite of that
With this current video. So I guess that could be the sequel right now
I'm fighting the urge to never dye eggs in a toilet and just not ever do it
But I fought that urge and I've already died some eggs in the toilet
Failed to dye eggs in a toilet actually to be fair
But I learned a lot of valuable lessons for instance
The eggs I bought were plastic. I actually couldn't tell if the eggs were I was like these are probably plastic, but
Let's just try it
The other thing I need to do is plug up the toilet
Because I just was like
If you dump if you dump a bunch of water into a toilet that's just planted on the ground
It leaks really slowly if it's on like a very flat surface, which it was so I was like
My plug that I ordered didn't arrive. I want to just film one of these
Anyway, it also is just seeping out goo
It was seeping out egg dye from the bottom of the of the toilet
I think I'm gonna get one of those um
Plugs that you can inflate I just have to measure it and get the right size
Because you can buy like little drain plugs that you like pump pump putting a drain and then you pump them up. They're supposed to block
Whatever
Are they watertight? I don't know. But I'll probably get one. Yeah bladder a little inflatable bladder that you stick in a pipe
um
The other problem is it's very hard to clean a toilet that doesn't flush
In case you're wondering about the other problems you run into when trying to dye eggs in an
Unplugged in toilet
In a dirty garage
That's another issue I've been running into I did clean the toilet, but you know what I can show you actually
I had to like drag it
To like disassemble the toilet and take it into my backyard just to try to get all the a all of
All of the food coloring die out of it
It really was more it was it's taken a lot more effort than I originally intended
Though I will say a lot of that effort is just because understandably Kendall didn't want me to uh
Kendall doesn't want me to do it in our toilets
So I'm going to take it out into my backyard and just fucking hose it down and I did record all of this
As I think it might be necessary for the youtube video
So, you know, we're making all sorts of
I mean progress would be the wrong word, but we are making something
Porcelain can get stained. I'm learning
I'm learning so much about paints and stains
You know just very basic things that probably you know most people already know
Well, the other thing is I immediately broke the toilet
Uh exterminator when I unpacked it
I cracked it. So I don't actually really have a spare toilet one other fascinating thing about this toilet
Is that it now
It's got tape. I bought white porcelain ish tape
That's like heavy duty and it's holding the bottom of the entire toilet together because I cracked it as soon as I opened it
So the toilet is totally fucked up not plugged in
It's like it's been such a disaster every step of me just trying to do this thing that is so dumb
We'll see if it makes for an entertaining youtube video. I mean it's
It's felt at least like I'm losing my mind doing it. So maybe that's
Something maybe that's something
So sorry, I mean to be fair. This is probably how every one of these will go even if the idea is like
Do a twitch stream even if something that I'm already doing
Probably push it in a direction where it's way too hard and and it's and it's a problem
It's just my instincts my instincts are to make things difficult
um, okay
Slay the spire
We're now a gamer stream, you know, we've been moving in that direction with the brand and stuff
And some days you're just too lazy to load all of your stuff
And so that's when you become a gamer stream
Which we will now do
This team should be available about now
We do my entire house to make it cat accessible. Let's see that just for cats
I could also just make very wholesome cat content and just record the process
But that's kind of against the um idea at least of what I was going for
Which is to sort of make things hard on myself
Where is Tim? I try to brush for me. That would be very difficult trying to brush my cats travis
They don't
They don't want that at all
Let's see
Slay queen
It's I mean it's
Cats feels like a layup in that if I just post enough cat videos probably one of them will do well because it's cats
But then that feels kind of like what am I even attempting at that point?
There's also cats the musical there's a lot of ways to take cats
I can only really think of the two right now, which is actual cats and cats the musical
But there's probably more ways to take cats
Three of your cats hate being brushed one loves it. Yeah, but dr. Cats is with the k and unfortunately
I can see this intended spelling, which was just cats just cates. I'm glad that this idea thing still works
I it is populating the list so whenever we can finally pull more we will have some new additions
Is tim around
It's time to load some chill beats to slay the spire too
Some copyright free beats to slay too
Whoa, that's too loud
If tim isn't available, I guess
We'll just slay chat we will slay the queen
Along to my oh, there's Tim
There is team
Um, let me call you on discord
Baparapau
You think Kendall and I dancing we get a bunch of you
Maybe Kendall dancing
Or maybe her having sort of a Frankenstein with her will add some add some flavor
A non dancing Frankenstein
That's me. Hello Tim. Let me turn this music down
Chad Tim
Tim is also on twitch. What's up guys?
I don't know. Do you stream anymore tim at all?
Really, but man, I should
You could should stream you should I guess you should inspire master ascension five all characters
I think saying I need you. Oh, yeah, I was showing them my video of me dying eggs on a toilet which Tim hasn't seen everyone
But I do think I explained it to you at some point. Okay, wait. I'm clicking multiplayer
Clicking host
I'm clicking standard
There we go put it on ascension 10 or whatever
Oh, we have ascension one now Tim. I guess you have to
you climb ascensions
In the duos mode just one at a time as a team
I guess as a team should we just random it?
Tim and I did one of these
Last night was yeah was last night
Call it a test stream. It was a test stream
Wait, is this the exact same? This is the same. Oh no, you're someone different. Okay
Ironclad
Okay
I like to transform
I got choose one of three multiplayer cards to add to your deck that seems pretty unthemen fun
Is this better than mugenics? I do like it better than mugenics, but tim has played
A lot of mugenics as well. So he might have more of an opinion
I played I'm I would guess more mugenics than
More mugenics than god
No, I don't know I beat all the
I beat all the branches
I liked it. I I was grossed out by the art and a lot of the ideas
But I liked the gameplay quite a bit so
My cats are monsters. I started breeding them correctly almost immediately and I just have they're just oh, yeah
We talked about this my their stats aren't that great, but all the mutations are just busted. I have like all kinds of
bonus attacks and
You know ranged damage like off the charts and you got fucked up mutated super cats
Oh, yeah
They're crazy monsters tim should we be hyper macho care not at all
for healing or upgrading and just kill elites
Of course
I think that's the most for your thing
Oh, I uh transformed
I just got focus strike which gives does nine damage and gives you a focus for anyone who hasn't played slay the spire by the way
It's a deck builder
With where you pick characters they all have unique cards and stuff
It used to be a solo game which it still is but they added a multiplayer mode
So that's what we're doing. I guess we could go up the side if we want to be more reasonable. It does have three
Campfires and two elites
card reward here from the opening I have to pick
Uh, what are you gonna? What do you think? I have tag team
as we know from yesterday
The next attack another player plays on enemies played an additional time
Which if you got like a meteor strike or something that'd be kind of psycho
Or a ice lance would be really good
Or lift I can give you 11 block
That's pretty good gang up
Which is deal five damage deal five additional damage for each time another player has attacked the enemy this turn
I think the highest upside sounds like double double strike to me
Because if I get a big attack then I we can just double it
The doom but the other ones we didn't play with before so maybe that's more fun to pick something up
Well chat hasn't seen either. Maybe so
Chad doesn't know anything about anything. You guys don't even understand
All right, um, what what way do you think?
I drew a line through the one that has the most elite action, but I do think the left side is probably more reasonable
I could do three elites that way too, but let's see
This one has a campfire in the middle, which is probably better. Yeah. Yeah, that's why I like your route
But the left has two elites and two and three campfire. Well two can't two two campfires versus one. Oh, you want to go, uh, this one
We can do that instead should we go to the right a little bit later of a shot
Yeah, let's do that
I'm freaking ready
Lock in
No
Oh god, we already lost
We're not gonna communicate. We're just gonna intrinsically know what to do chat in case you're wondering
I have tag team
All right, play it and then I will focus strike this guy twice
Bam
Oh
It wasn't that good
I don't think so
I already did the attack
You're gonna do five damage. Okay. I guess it literally it just gave us give me an excerpt too focused, but
Kind of good
busted
Sort of busted. I think he's dead
I have it again
Um, yeah, I think you let's kill him with it, right?
okay
Am I playing kevin is kevin playing this game does kevin want to do a three-man
Dude, I don't know how many people you can play in multiplayer. You can do up to four
That's what I thought four is crazy. I guess they just give everybody a million health
Okay chat so basically my guys deal is I make little orbs and the management mechanics in this game are
damage and block
I mean, there's other stuff, but those are the basics
So, you know you want to do have a certain amount of damage a certain amount of block to clear the game
Then there's other little things like vulnerable
This is a status that you apply to things and then you so vulnerable you do 50 more damage
And cards that cost zero I tend to think are
Sort of primo
So I'm gonna take the beam cell. That's the case black will choice
That's the case black will guarantee. That's the case black will guarantee. What did you get to him?
I forgot. Oh havoc play the top card
Just got a couple two casters and might as well just
Play them
Chad, do you guys know about slay the spire? You guys think you guys know about this? Have you heard about this?
You haven't heard about this game?
I recommend it. I've wasted a lot of time on it
I've just sort of left it open while I'm working all day. Oh, what the hell?
So here's the in this event you can pull stuff from the previous game that they technically didn't add to this game
I found that the relics are almost always fucking terrible
I don't know if you've fun that's him
Well, the the cool thing is we have this nice shop coming right up. So the gold is actually pretty good
Yeah
In the last game there's this thing called like dream catcher and pretty much every time I've clicked that I get dream catcher and I never
I never liked that relic
Okay, I'm just gonna take this rebound. Oh, okay
Oh, do we both get rebound?
Oh, you got rebound too. Maybe it's random or maybe it just gives you the same one. Wait, did you also get rebound?
Yeah, oh interesting. Okay
crazy
Okay, so this one you can get a curse
Yeah, but we do have a shop right here
But it's eternal
But it's so much money before
Eternal is cannot be removed
I know
But I'm gonna do it, but you don't have to do it crazy. I love the money
I love fucking cash. So basically chat now. I have a curse that I can't remove from my deck ever
And it's just a useless card that's bad and it's probably not worth taking the money for it
But I wanted that sweet money
I know about slang that puss playa
Yeah, that's that's live in sleazy. That's that's actually my mod live in sleazy if you can ban yourself really quick
That's actually my mom
I have tag team
Okay, I could rebound twice or beam cell twice. I don't know if that
I guess rebound twice is a fair amount of damage
If I beam sell somebody would that kill them?
Would that kill them beam cell and then double rebound and then I have a strike so I do nine damage
And your initial attack would do what an extra five so 16
16 plus nine is 25
Should we just do it to be epic?
I don't really know what else I'm doing. I'm definitely beam selling one of them. So
There's your tag team. Um, I think he's dead
We got him
We did it reddit
Take that dude. Yeah, we're bidding this fire today instead of
The usual, um, you're not applying vulnerable this turn. Are you?
I think I want to try. I don't think I have anything that matters with your with your cards. Excuse me
Tim be careful with your throat. Wait, can we kill him? I have one more strike, but I don't think we can right?
Oh, I have nine plus 12
We can't kill him. Oh
Oh chat, you guys are like, you know, you guys can never do it. Shut up
It's ascension one. We're gonna fucking steamroll this
Should I go claw build tim? Even though it's not good with anything we have, you know, I got uproar
So we can tag team that
You have rebound and tag team
Oh uproar. Yeah, let's go. Yeah, I'm gonna go that on that uproar
Okay, wait now that you have okay. Okay, so maybe I'll try to do like
What should I do? Let's see. Hmm
Tim, you're gonna be so jealous of all this money that I have
at this shop
You're gonna draw we're gonna go up against sandpit monster and you're just gonna draw your greed on an essential turn and you're gonna be like
What the fuck no I'm gonna lose in front of everybody like an idiot
In front of everybody even though I'm ascension 10 on every character
So clearly I
I must be good
I guess pommel strike well anger pommel strike probably fuck it
Lock in okay, so this is why I took a curse chat because here I can get sweet sweet money
Money paying off
Whoa miniature tent and data disc
Data disc that just one focus. Mm-hmm
Minutra 10 is pretty good in this mode because I think that means I can heal you and meet him
Oh, shit. Yeah, that sounds awesome
So I'll take it and then I get one extra strength
Oh jackpot though. We can double team a jackpot for 50 damage and a bunch of yeah, I'm gonna do that
Jackpot. What am I doing here? I could get a frozen egg
That's pretty good
frozen egg shames coup
All my powers are upgraded
I'll just remove the card
I just get a frozen egg. Damn. I forgot that on these low ascensions. You only have three strikes and three defense
That's crazy on these low ascensions
You transformed one of your cards
Oh, you're right. That's why okay, but that means I only started with oh, I have four defense
Okay, so you only start with four strikes for defense, right? I'm still deciding what the hell's going on here
Blitter
Brembol oh, maybe I should be going vulnerable should be making vulnerable stuff happen
Havoc
Hidden gym
Tempted to click hidden gym
Let's look at tim screen
Can you look at my screen you want it you're you say you're gonna get another havoc?
Oh, yeah
I was thinking about getting hidden gym though
Yeah, get a hidden gym then you can high roll to victory clicked it
And then maybe I was just I was considering tremble
Because vulnerable might be pretty good
So chat hidden gem
Do I know you're all wondering gives cards a replay
It gives a random card in your draw pile replay so then it'll play multiple times
It can be super it can be like the most busted card in the game. It's crazy
It's crazy. It's a busted card in the game, but you have to get super lucky. It's often not that great
Shut up
I mean, it's always great
Thank you
Thank you, buddy
Maybe I'll get armaments. Am I crazy for that one? Yeah, I'm gonna do that. I'm gonna get armaments. Don't even go far
Any
Oh and tremble just kind of go all in on psycho stuff. I'll probably
I'll probably get a tremble from a freaking fight. It's fine. I will also say Tim. I do have to leave it six
Say no, okay. We'll go fast
Drive fast and take chances
I got nothing that helps you at all
Sorry
Bloom bloom
Okay, I have jackpot if you happen to have the hit twice card
No, so sad for us, but I also have this so I got it in just in time
My bad should have waited the second longer. Oh, he's so close to dead, but instead he's not dead
Okay, I have up rubber. Anyway, none of it matters. Yeah, he said, okay
I guess it doesn't matter at all
Bludgeon I guess I'm just gonna keep taking expensive cards because you have that one card
It's probably a bad idea, but it seems cool
It's actually the card I just took chat applies weak
Which makes the enemy do less damage which tends to be good. Um, I have up roar if you oh, you don't okay
I'm also gonna vulnerable him
I'm just gonna have to take a bunch of damage here. Oh nice. Okay
Oh, you hit your null. Yeah, I'm gonna see if I can get any
Nope
I could not get any block
Chat, are you guys figuring this out yet? Yeah chat figure it out
I have jackpot again if you have um
Are you doing check this shit out to him? Oh my god. What the fuck did you get six zero cost cards? I did
Honestly now I can just play freaking everything
I'm flicking a
Fucking everything man. Yeah, this is crazy
Oh at 154 he goes stunned interesting. I guess we don't want him to go to 154 this turn
Probably not
So anyway, that turn was crazy chat
Oh, jack replete. Wow
Here's a bash
Do you happen to have
Tag team again
I'm gonna go yeah, if you can if you can put vulnerable on them. Wait, I also can put vulnerable on them
We do it first. That's my turn
And I end my turn. Tim, you ready to see some
crazy stuff
Check this out. Oh, yeah. No. Oh wait. It wasn't good at all. Wait. It's gonna be wait. Now it's gonna be good
I could have killed him if I had done it right, but I did in the wrong order like a dumbass
That's okay. We just wanted to spend a little more time together
He's fucking dead
So these are potions chat when you play a potion it gives you little bonuses
That make any sense to you guys. Is this making sense to you guys?
If you get strength it makes all of your cards do one more damage you get dexterity makes all your block cards block one more
That's how that works
This guy gives me three strengths whenever I drink a potion. I just got a potion
But only for that turn so it's kind of whatever
um
I need block block is this card's fun
All the groundless we pull a card out of my discard pile
So basically whenever you're playing cards new cards go into your discard pile
And then your next round comes out of your draw pile and then when you're out of draw pile it shuffles
So hologram, let's you grab something really?
Pot of greed which allows me to draw two cards from my deck allowing me to play pot of greed
Um, I've less health in you tim. I think I need this smooth stone to be smooth
You want it?
I don't actually care. I think either one's fine. They're both kind of defensive relics, right? Do you have a preference?
Look at our hands
I don't think I mean, you know, I have so much more health in oh, I only have five more health in you
Yeah, I guess oh either way. I mean
I guess I guess I guess I'm more likely to rest so
Because I rest on every I can rest on everything
Because I have that that camp so I think I should probably take the strawberry actually
I'm a strawberry gamer
I do get more value from the decks because of the hidden gem hitting a
Oh, yeah, great point hitting a
Defend me tim check this shit out get mended on dude. You don't even need it. You didn't even need it. It's crazy
You may so because I have this relic chat miniature tent normally you can only pick one of these options. I can pick all three
Making me elite
Making me elite
I'm gonna go armaments plus. I'm just crazy like that
I'm gonna upgrade this jackpot because I want to play it every time I draw it because I think it's fun
It's called jackpot. We already won the run
We really did should I take 12 so I can play jackpot the answer is yes
Interesting choice
All right, tim. I did all the damage already. So just heal up buddy. I guess so
No reason to cast any of these cards
Um, there's nothing I can do with you this turn my cards are boring and bad
My cards are boring in bed
I'm only okay at card games matt the only games i'm good at are ones where you can get to sit there and go
This is like reading an instruction manual case chat wants to know who's the better gamer
Tim 100 tim
I don't know
I'm okay at this type of game
I might be I don't I don't know but you're also good at this type of game
I think I'm slightly fat. I'm slightly faster at this type of game than tim. I think
Yeah, you I don't know if that makes me better
Yeah
Do you have tag team tim?
I do but it does it matter. I have uproar. So it might be good
Oh, wait, I only have one card in my draw pile. Never mind. It's not. Oh wait. I could get more cards in my draw pile
Oh, I can
Can I do anything?
um
This
No, there's I can't do jack shit actually
I'm gonna
Yes, I'm just gonna do this
Donk donk donk
There you go the next three attacks are
And and we and you and you and you thought hidden jammers and you thought hidden jammers a meme dude
I mean look at this three tag teams
But the thing is I only have one card in my draw pile and I have uproar. So I don't know
I know and you can only take 10 more damage. So
So wait, maybe I shouldn't attack him this turn. Maybe this turn I heal and I just wait
Yeah, but I heal it
Yeah, man if you could do 10
It's probably worth I mean any attack will do 10 because he's
I guess I'll just beam sell him a bunch of times
Now he's so horrible it did all I forgot it did them all
Yeah, he's beamed up. Yeah, this guy's all beamed up hidden gem
I can weaken him Tim
Should I weaken his ass?
He's a weakest hell no
defending
I'm taking some damage, but I don't even care
Check this shit out jackpot
Erase the on the killing blow turns
Strike
Oh, I'm Vajra. Yeah, I'm taking twin strike. I'm getting kind of wacky with it. This one's okay for me
That one you play it once it costs one, but after that cost zero
Zero cost cards chat good
You love them. I love those cards
Um
Now see
I like to remove cards. I'm a removal type gamer
You're addicted
Riddicked to removing. It's probably good for me too. Honestly. I should probably should but then I see something like
Punch dagger. Yeah, I guess I could do some of this
So to be really good at this game chat
I think the people who are generally considered great at slay the spire are the ones who could
Can just play run after run after run and never lose and I lose all the time. So I'm not that good
But you have more fun
I like to go for fun combos
See that's something they don't know about that's something I was no other people who play games know about
Might you buy a howl from beyond am I weird for that? I mean you can do it, man
Let's look at the movies
Yeah chat. I've got a girlfriend. That's ridiculous and she's going to the movies
Bye, sweetie
What's she seeing Tim? Have fun
What's Megan she's seeing something called Ronald does Dallas
What?
Ronald with the huge hog
What?
That sounds good
What other cards should I buy you right? We don't have time howl from beyond I already picked it
And
I can ping Tim. Oh, we can also draw stuff chat
Just clicking random shit. Who cares I can draw this
Oxy lizard
It's a lizard. Yeah, it's a lizard. I can't do it good Tim, but you know
It was lizard here. Yeah, that's pretty good
Oh wait sewer clam sewer clam. No. Oh, no, it's sewer clam. Do you have
Tag team by any chance?
Yes, I do
If you tag team I might can uproar him
Consider him tagged
Get uproared. Oh jack. I fucking knew it
I fucking knew I was gonna jack pot
Okay, get beam celled
Get not the company tesla'd
Then this before a lot was crazy. I swear
Oh, so attempting to jackpot again, but I just can't jackpot that much
Then we defend
I wonder if we could kill them
Probably if I played more carefully. Yes
If it wasn't such a fool
Bonk, I'm gonna uproar him again get uproared, dude
He's dead
He died
I don't need any regen potions
Transform all attacks in your hand into giant rock. I've never taken that card. Is that crazy? What is that?
Giant rock. Yeah currently working. We're playing some sleigh this fire. I have to do the patreon at six, so
There's no time for the news today. That's too busy dying eggs in the toilet. Um
Bucket thunderclap who cares
Thunderclap not these guys
I have howl from beyond
I'm gonna use my swift potion
On me. Yeah on me
It didn't give me anything great
I don't think we really have any aoe this might actually be kind of bad for us
So I'm gonna use I'm gonna use two potions because I
I fear this fight
Nice. Why are all my cards so I drew every defend in my deck. That's crazy
Okay, there we go
Rebound
Oh, you're playing dead. I
Can't seem cool. I was watching somebody play that today. Oh, I didn't defend at all
Okay, you don't need to defend not where we're going. Yeah, you're right straight to jail
Do you have tag team?
No, but
I can probably kill the back guy. I can do 33 to the back guy
Okay, I'm gonna attack the back guy real quick to see what we got off of. Okay. Okay
All right, I can also momentum strike the back guy and I have 25 damage left
25 plus 33
58 wait. Yeah, he's dead
That was such fast math Tim chat's going crazy for it
Dude, this is moving so fast
Uh, this is news. Who are you venture tk? This is news. The news is friends are hanging
out again. Yeah
male friendships are back
It's huge news
Male friendships are even more masculine these days
Uh, this game is still in early access. Yeah, but it's I mean
It's not like limited access. Just anybody can buy it
It's an early access game you can buy that feels pretty much done to me
I mean, how long
You think it's up to you man to end your turn
Oh, oh, I thought you're gonna kill that guy. That's my bad. I killed the other guy. Oh, I got jackpot
Jackpot, I don't have anything for you man except for weight
Defend I jackpot in that guy. I jacked on him
modded
momentum strike
That's it. We are owning right now play. We gotta go. Is that a game? I haven't heard of that one
I have tagged him
All I have is uh, I could draw. Let me see what I get
Okay, all I have is rebound, but I guess it's probably still worth it
Here let me I think he dies. Yeah, he did
Got him
Oh, I got even more money
This relic so relics are the things you get for beating elites chat, which we just did
I've gotten a couple already up here. This one is just old coin. It just gives me a bunch of money
It's not the most exciting one, but it's kind of good
You're got you guys obsessed with money
This is usually pretty good, but
I guess let's take it
We gotta go. Is that the wizards one?
We gotta go
Oh, I think I have heard of that
Tim get mended
If you beat an elite you get a relic which are the little like permanent
buffs at the top of cases screen
The pb7 it doesn't make you a leap. I'm sincerely asking that or not, but
Tim and I are both elite now to answer your question
Sincere questions only in the chat, please guys
It's new like repo. Oh, I bet Kendall would want to play it then if it's got repo energy
I think I even suggested because it's it's the one where your little wizards crawling around a castle
I think I might have messaged her
New repo just dropped all my cards are not good
Every card is bad turn into shit
Exterminator 13. I hope you're kidding bro
I do not want to turn into shit. Oh you turn into shit. It's not wizards
Okay, then Kendall will definitely want to play it
You know what I'm drinking this too late. I fucked up the order
I literally fucked that order up so bad, but
No, it's poop based
Wait, Tim. Do you have tag team?
Oh, whatever he's getting jackpotted
Yep. Yep
Is the wizards you have to speak the spells
Oh, you say the spells. That's fun. Oh, there's poop. I'm in rey silver ext 9. You're disgusting
I drew tag team. Do you need it?
I can uproar off of your tag team
Beamsel uproar again. Okay, whatever it did damage
And you know what did damage
It's cool that tim is better at reading chat than case. Yeah tim will
Swizz streaming before me is a better streamer
Oh, yeah guys like me
Guys like me are better
Guys like me are streaming like these
We got to get it's official. We got to get to ascension 10 bro. I know I'm ascension 10 on everything else 10
I've beaten it your last quest
Look at this replay to
Chonk chonk
Oh my god
That was that hidden gem card paying off chat
A lot of you in chat are probably saying that card sucks and it'll never pay off and now you've been proven wrong
I love it. I love hidden gem. I don't know if it's good, but I do love it
Yeah, tim is the original stream wizard
The one and only checks or something. He's fucking dead. I got it. I did it first
Case you got to warn me before you do something like that
Those two for the best
Hellraiser
All for one
So whenever I jackpot somebody chat this will pull all the zero cost cards. I've already played back into my hand
We call that synergy
Now I can all for one my jackpot
I'm jackpotting with my one
Tim we only have 20 minutes to beat this whole fucking game. Fuck fuck fuck
Add to relax to my deck. That's pretty good
So these guys give you rewards for at the start of each act basically
You get they're random. There's different versions of these guys. I got this fucked up looking dragon
I added the relaxes because it's just easier to think about and I've never clicked it either
I've never taken pal's wings. I can sacrifice card rewards to a relic and I never will I'm taking pal's tears
Because I get extra
And I never will
There's two we just on both of the left paths
This one and this one, but which I don't know which one you like. I do have the ability to like use every part of a
Buffalo of a rest. I think we should go this way. Oh, that's true
Meaning I mean, I did we care we're crushing it so hard
We're unstoppable. Okay. Let's just go straight up the left side. All right. Sounds like what a hero would do
Should I relax?
Fun actually
It's sort of fun to relax
It's okay damage chat chat people
Chat here's tag team. You want it? Um, yeah, play that tag team on them
Do you want to put any vulnerability? Wait? Yes, I do. Yes. Wait. Yes. I do wait. Yes. Okay. Now do it
Oh wait, hold on. I'm gonna do this then I'm doing this
This guy's gonna fucking die
We're owning this guy. Oh my god. What even happened?
So tim got a card that plays out of his exhaust pile exhaust is another mechanic
Where you essentially delete a card from your hand and then it goes into your exhaust pile
Got any magic heads out there. It's kind of like exile
Any magic heads in the chat any big magic heads out there?
Type 12 if you're a magic head. There's a new sulk statue at wwe. Okay. Let me look this up real quick
But first I have to click to keep moving because we have no time
Keep clicking. Oh this guy sucks
Shut up. He just takes your money. Anyway, I'm just picking the top one
His deal is he gives you advantages, but only for the next like one or two combats
Usually in this game you want to get stuff that's permanent. We're about to go into a shop. I'm taking the days
Oh, you're taking
Going into a shop. I'm taking the days
What
Ha ha oh
Cascade
I got royal stamped him. It lets me make a card of nate
And it means it's in my starting hand
You guys can probably guess what card I love the most and that card is jackpot
I'm gonna make jackpot in every starting hand and I'm gonna jackpot every every fucking time
Well, this is pretty fun
Chat can you think of a time you had fun?
Who had the most fun so far this year?
Like one one event or something like this
Go ahead and tell me about it exterminator 13
Wait, I'm looking at the whole kogan thing
Okay, someone's watching dora the explorer interesting
Huh right now. Oh, you had a champagne glass and a hot tub with a lady friend. Wow. That sounds idyllic
Chat, here's the whole kogan statue. It looks really it looks really good
Wow, dude. He's so engaged. I'm not used to this
Scythe for
Welcome to the new me
The important thing for me to do every round is to jackpot
JJ
I'm gonna take a lot of damage jackpotting every time but
I think the good thing is to jackpot
Burn no swiping
Cascade here comes cascade. Whoa. Okay. Cascade says
Cascade. Oh, there's a tag team in there
Tim check this shit out double all for one. It's not really that good, but
That's twice of everybody for one
Oh, I had so many better cards. I could have played than that, but it doesn't matter because he's dead
It doesn't even matter due to his death
Oh, I got that energy surge thing again, Tim. So this is a duo card chat
And it lets uh it like affects both players
Case and torus only reads the very last comment is chat feed and he has a whole monitor dedicated to it
I don't have a monitor dedicated to chat. There's all sorts of other stuff on this monitor
Oh, wait, I do but it's right in front of me
How am I supposed to look at a chat? It's right in front of me
Actually this monitor often has uh like a news story. Oh wait worse
Oh my okay. I have two small see here. I am not reading the last chat
I have two small children. It's all joy
No fun though. Okay dad joke
Be grendel
Imagine if a streamer was responsive to chat and not just talking to themselves. I won't imagine that
That's not how my imagination works
What card am I clicking here? Exhaust one card draw three cards. Wait, you're gonna give me energy you said
Uh, I can yeah now we can
I can give us both energy
Genital what?
It is true that I only read the last comment. It's unfortunately true
Jackpot, what?
Bobby no
Oh, it did
They can only take nine at a time. Yeah, but I could have double jackpot it
Reduce guys. It's candle. What's up candle chat? Give it up for candle. Whoo. Anyone know how to make a website on what?
Does anybody know how to make a website on wix?
Kendall is willing to pay you to do this
She doesn't know what she's fucking doing
She says please help me. I'm desperate. Please
Please help candle. Okay, I might be taking too much damage because of my desire to jackpot every turn
Case you're throwing
Should I relax?
probably
We're also almost out of time so
I guess we got to lose then
I think it's important to play aggressive you want to just go absolutely
Kicks like the cereal make a gem in a gem and I feed it all the documentation and then it will vibe code it
Do you want to vibe code the webs?
Will vibe code the web saying?
Did I
You don't want to vibe code the whole website? I can kill that guy if you want to try to survive
Uh, let me try to survive by doing this shit. Oh didn't work. Listen, I was trying to get
I want to go to chat first. But yeah, I will go to fiverr
She's saying she'll pay someone in chat to do it if there's a website designer in here, I guess
The one unfortunate thing about wix is that their logo is going to be like
Noxiously displayed all over your thing
Tim says the logo is going to be obnoxiously displayed everywhere
Fiverr's
You go go to g4 people. Exterminator says you can pay me and I can vibe code it. I don't know what that means
It just means using ai to do it basically
If ai can do the thing I wanted to do I'm trying to do like a lot of like interactive stuff like you cover over a thing and then
There was a different thing and it says click to view more types
Yeah, kennel wants like a more boutique design here guys. I just wanted I just I don't know
Geo cities design
Yeah, if you make kennel a website you'll get vip and
Full disclosure. I still don't even really know what that does for you
Doing three three elites no rests. I'm gonna die. I've been taking way too much damage
We go up the right side will probably live. Yeah, maybe
I've been playing very recklessly by jackpotting every turn kennel. I know you're disappointed in me and I'm sorry
Yeah
Maybe I'll ask you four people and then I'll go to fiber
There might still be a gemini lab for it. What's a gemini lab?
The hands are so funny
Is you mean like the
Like just an ai lab for wicks
Um, I think I need to heal more tim and you use this energy
Because look how fucked up my guy is
Please stop with the ai slop coding
I mean my instinct is if you use the ai to code a website, it's gonna have like
10,000 lines of junk code in it. Maybe it doesn't matter. You know what energy that's giving
What's that tim?
Stop all the downloading
shot off
I'm just kidding
There you go kennel. Do you want to have the energy of stopping all the downloading?
No, no the chat that says please stop the ai slop coding. Stop all the downloading
Can you all please stop downloading?
Are we stressing you out? I'm sorry tim you're stressing kendala
What did I do?
It's all the slop coding that you've been doing
No, please
Oh, I can give you a blood potion
Um, I mean I am gonna take 15 damage here. There's nothing I can do about it, but
I guess we should have attacked the other guy
But what do you've died? I don't know
I didn't do any attacking
Kendall's boutique website domain
Oh starship operator says that they can help you Kendall
Kendall
Kendall Kendall
Get in my office. How did she disappear and lose the ability to hear me so fast?
She loves you man starship operator. I will
Tell her
Of the offer
But I don't know where she went
I have this potion for you
I think I will
Be okay this turn she went to the toilet
Probably did
She left as soon as someone well, also I reach out with you so as you're all letting me know
um
I have tag team
Oh really I can uh double refract a guy should I double refract the big guy? Oh
There you go
Get freaking slapped on you guys see you guys see that madness
Y'all ready for this
Don't bother women in the bathroom
We suck spend a couple bucks for name cheap
Man, I don't know what anybody's talking about. I have no idea what any of this
Relax. Oh shit, Tim. I'm dead. I am a dead man
I don't know
I'm blood potioned
Tim saved my life
It's the kind of friend I am I almost died
Name cheap is what you can buy a domain through. So is that all that wicks is because
I'll to be totally honest. I also didn't know what wicks was or what Kendall's talking about
It's hosting or where I am. I don't know where I am. I don't know what game I'm playing
Hey
Help should I take a perfected strike? Is that crazy?
I'm gonna just keep tasting taking boosted a ways in the hope that I survive
I'm gonna keep tasting boosted a ways. I'm gonna keep tasting the air that I breathe
Wicks is like domains website builder all in one. Okay, so it's square place plus go daddy is what I'm hearing
I'm gonna keep tasting boosted a ways
I'm mending you Tim
Oh, I thought you said ending
I'm ending you
I'm fucking done with this tasting boosted a ways. I'm ending you Tim
We're gonna upgrade our hologram. So it doesn't disappear
So what do you think man? You want to go right? Is everything I think we kill this elite?
I think now I'm healed. I'm elite ready and go up the middle or to the right
You know we could kill this guy or we could do this guy or what do you think? Let's do this guy? Let's do this
Ha ha
Okay
I got nothing exciting over here Tim
But I'm gonna take a leap
Because I have no block in my deck. There's rolling boulder. Can you send me 40 gold?
There's a card called rolling boulder, it's one of the slowest cards in the game and one of us the last night kind of bad
But Tim buys it every time
It did so much damage yesterday. Oh, do you want some energy Tim? I can energy surges. I mean
I have three bludgeons in my hand
All right. All right
It's really bad to draw them all draw them all like that, but maybe I should just cast them
I think I'm gonna relax
Yeah, I'm gonna bludgeon one and relax
Okay, I'm gonna jackpot
Frickin jackpot y'all
Whatever now my deck is full of block that I didn't draw him and now I'm dead again
Okay, literally have no block and no hope no chance in hell
No, no, no, no, no
Don't you worry boy. Wait, where's all my damage the fuck? Oh, I forgot how it works. Gold is a great pretzel
But s-sinders have a better snap to it snap into it. Sinders
For drugs case can go for a checkup get prescribed something and then document the experience of taking the drug in case
Medics in a comedic farcical way
Instead of just doing hard drugs
I definitely don't think I can get away doing hard drugs probably on tiktok
Probably I can't do that. Oh, so you're a coward
That's what is you guys hear what tim has said
And that's how I feel as well
Should I relax again this turn?
Um, yeah, I guess I should probably just block a bunch so I don't fucking die
Or I could exhaust this howl from beyond
Think I will relax
I'm going to attempt to live
Do you expect me to live?
No, mr. Blackwell, I expect you to die
We have six minutes, man
Oh my god, we at least have to beat this act
And then we come back later and someday we beat this other act
Cascading
Do you have tag team?
I just cast cascade man. I don't know. Sorry. What's happening?
Man, I don't even know
Oh, man, I don't know
I should block so that I don't die because I'm out here on my own
I got no energy for you, Tim
I'm not made out of energy anymore
Ping ping ping ping ping ping
Okay, he should be dead now with what I'm gonna do to this bastard
He died got him. Yeah, this is a game based on the song. Whoop. There it is
Whoop, there it is
Reach out to brian johnson
Yeah, reach out to brian johnson for me. You do mean the the blood guy, right? The blood boy guy
I'm taking another uproar, Tim
Yeah, of course
Because you know Dr. Evil is a learn Michael impressions. So Tim is doing Lauren
Tim, you've got a great learn Michael's impression. Thank you
You know
Almost got to meet him chat
Almost I already tell you the story about how I almost met a guy
Should I relax or I can bludgeon all I know is I have no blocked him and I'm gonna take
Um near lethal damage
Okay, so maybe we can kill one of these guys you want to try to I can do 43 damage plus 20 I can do 63
I can do 50
Thus saving your life. Oh, so we can kill this guy at the front. Yeah, maybe we kill the guy at the front
And guess what I have to I have no choice, but oh wait, I can also actually I can vulnerable him
Should I do that then maybe you can do other stuff too?
Let's see what I get off jackpot because that's what I have that does the most damage
Oh, okay. I think he's in trouble now. Actually, I this saved that jackpot saved my fucking life then
That's why we that's why we click it, man. That's why you always click jackpot
Killed that guy
Check it out. I get the jackpot. This is why we jackpot chat
This is how you see how much I just jackpot it all over this game
Disgusting it was actually disgusting. The whole world is fucking grossed out by this
The moves were too sick. The jackpot was too strong
Oh brother
You want to see live in sleaze you one of the things that he says he can do
Guys, I wouldn't underestimate live in sleaze his ability to do something
But surprising what that means
I'm gonna relax and stampede. I guess
Okay
Is it cool if I relax or do you do we need to go? No, I would kill these guys. I don't have to panic this time
I'm done panicking tim
I'm done living that way
But I am going to throw a firepot at this guy, so
I was worried about
Oh, they come back to life. I forgot. I totally forgot that they come back to life
At 60 brother
Brother
Brother, I mean this is now we're in trouble
We're in a little bit of trouble now then the other guys about to come back to life
I can give you energy though tim. This is an energy turn for you
Oh, okay. Okay. There's some energy
This is spoopy. Yeah things are bad for us. We can kill the one at the front
Cheese though. Okay, wait. What's my turn? I have seven three more accents tim. Can you do an accent real quick for chat?
Yes
Which accent would you like?
Um, the one that they like the most would be good
Which one would you?
Well, let's see
What about it again? What about it again? It sounds like this. That's good. It's not rick. It's what is it?
You know, it's a guy. It's not rick. It's not rick top three
What's up guys today? We're exploring the top three most offensive accents number one a poo from the simpsons
And then we see a little clip of that. Oh, I almost got him back down tim
No, I'll kill him
Oh, wait a minute
You've made me so hippy
Oh, wait at the start of your turn. Oh, okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Hold on. Hold on. I'm getting ideas
Doing this also after this fight. I gotta go
I know I know bro. Don't even don't be freaking out man
I'm calm, but I have to go
You're calm but ready on the surface you look calm spaghetti
My mom is ready
He's still alive ready
Oh, wait. Yeah, I forgot it's at the start of my turn. Is that one that's happening?
God damn it at the start of my turn. Oops. We're gonna take a little bit. We're gonna take a little heat
That's fine. No, it's probably better. It's probably better if he dies next turn tim because then he won't come back to life
As soon so we should just take the six
No, I'm gonna kill him
Ashen strike
16 resistive
defend
I guess I can just I gotta hang out with kassim or he'll feel abandoned chat kassim
Cash who kass is probably already alone in a room. This guy's gotta be do you have a tag team?
It's already on him. It's already on him on my screen. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah
Oh, that was it. Did we win?
I think we should still win
Do you have any damage left? No, okay. I think he's dead. Check this out
Oh wait, we don't have to do anything. I have orbs my orb should kill him
Oh, yeah
The drum of battle the drum
The drum you're you're done. You're done. Uh, yeah, I can I can finish this later though if you'd like I just have to go
um
for now for now to
Get mended
We almost made it to the boss, but we were just a shade too slow
Just a hair just a tiny hair
So like
Gonna upgrade my turbo
That's what we're gonna leave it for there. We're gonna leave it there for now
For there for now chat. We're gonna leave it there for now. Thank you guys so much for watching
Thanks for checking in everybody
Today, we didn't do the news. No news happened. It turns out it was a chill day
I'm sure everything's fine out there and in the straits of of hornus and
Don't and everybody relax. I gotta go. I immediately have to go. I don't who should I can somebody just tell me anyone to raid
Totally tim lol do the rat stuff. Who is that?
I'm gonna raid tim's channel even though he's uh, not streamer
But you'll see what you'll see his channel
I should start just follow tim. This is an extra chance to follow tim everyone
I might start streaming soon guys. You guys just give me the follow and we'll see
Yeah, yeah, it's it's an it's gonna gonna be a fully blank channel right now
But you get you guys you guys get it. Do I have a thousand followers yet?
I know you gotta go man, but okay. I do have to go though, but tim
Ugs
Bye everybody over a thousand bye case
Bye
We had a big trailer week
Here's case. Oh, yeah, dude. He doesn't hate me
You're a fucking liar, dude. He's right here
Yeah, what do you mean?
Hey, sorry, I was doing a twitch stream that you hate me and that you would rather be playing slay the spire with your friends
That's crazy. I literally abandoned slay the spire to hang out with my real friend
Ashley's been playing that game
All day every day for the last
I don't know
I leave it running all day
So it's just in the background
And then I'll when I'm get frustrated with whatever thing I'm working on. I'll be like, all right
It's time to kill three of these bosses
Um, yeah, she really likes it. I I have never played but I
remember kev
Really liked the original
um
and so uh
I mean you you like marvel snap so you'd probably actually like yeah. Yeah. It seems like
It seems like there's something there that could appeal to me now that i'm a