by Sarah in self-defense.
Followings for adults only.
Cat got your tongue.
You lonely, talk live to your special lady tonight.
Pick up the phone.
Cat got your tongue.
Call me now.
I've been bad.
On the next terraldo.
Monday at three.
Hi, I'm a boggling.
Me and my buddies want to be your friend, right guys?
Right.
Also, a live performance from one of the hottest groups around Simply Red.
Here it is.
I've never made it with a woman.
You're shocking.
Intriguing.
True cast fessions.
Call 844-721-CAS.
I accidentally lost my virginity during a rugby game.
It was nobody's fault but mine.
Call 844-721-CAS to reveal your innermost.
Even alarming true secrets in front of a live audience on the internet with zero anonymity.
I never told anyone this.
But I'm a dog.
That's 844-721-CAS to hear or say,
alarming secrets free for the first minute and then it continues to be free because it
doesn't cost money and you do have to be an adult unless you're not.
And also you don't have to tell us secrets.
You can call us about pretty much anything.
We're desperate or true secrets or anything at all.
Just please call us.
I ate my mother's ashes.
If you call me right now I'll give you my private note.
The time story is all brand new.
Die of the castlem.
Die of the castlem.
Call 844-721-CAS.
Die of the castlem.
If you're having a bad day calling in a stream,
there's a guy called castlem and he's dying of cream.
He'll talk about it all because he's living the dream.
Or if you're a paid being, you can be really mean.
Die of the castlem.
It's free for the first minute and free for all the other minutes as well.
844-721-CAS to get your private permission and calls and everything the same again
will change you.
It's not always for the better.
Oh my god.
I'm getting paid $2,000 to do this commercial.
Then try this besides.
I just won $5,000.
Call now.
1-844-721-CAS for a chance to win.
You could play cast.
And with cast there's a big chance to win.
Call 1-844-721-CAS.
Are you tired of being sick?
Well what if you win?
Tired of your significant other calling you a bitch?
When's the last time you cried?
I cry all the time.
844-721-CAS.
For a chance.
For a chance.
Spell CAS.
That's right.
I just won.
Brand prize $5,000.
Call 844-721-CAS.
Average call free per minute, zero.
White is for laundry.
Is Elvis alive?
Judge for yourself by calling the-
I called the police.
And uh-
I'm a non-copyright infringing grovelin.
You can reach me by calling 844-721-CAS.
Talk to me and all my friends.
He's trapped us and we have to work for him.
Basically as you know slaves.
Or you can talk to Casim who owns us.
Casim owns us and we have to work for him
and he doesn't pay us.
They help us.
We're grovelin.
844-721-CAS.
Talk to me and all my grovelin friends.
An original thing.
I don't know why we're here.
I don't know why.
I don't know why we're doing this.
I was in the dark until I called 197-
Silent insult!
Guess what?
Casim G is giving out his personal number.
Call me right now and I'll give you my private number.
If you call 844-721-CAS right now,
you can talk to Casim and leave him a personal message
and give him your personal number as well.
Free for the first minute and then free for each additional minute as well.
Ask your parents before you call.
Call the number, you'll hear a recording,
then you'll hear that,
then I'll give you my personal number.
Call that, then we'll wrap.
Ladies and gentlemen,
welcome to tonight's episode of Call Cas.
You might recognize this lovely lady beside me as
one of the three hosts of the cream team Dreamstream,
who recently just got back from Europe
with some sort of new disease, it sounds like.
She's been coughing up a storm over here.
She got so dark.
I went back to my roots.
Call us 721-844-721-CAS.
Let us know how Black Fiona has got.
On a scale from 1 to 10.
On a scale of 1 to 10,
how Blackish she lends will be open up soon,
but we are going to dedicate the first half of Call Cas
to our third head of this snake.
What do they call those three headed,
those little dragon, what do they call those case?
The DPs.
The fancy monster.
The DPs.
Yeah.
What are they actually?
Double headed dragon.
The Hydra.
That's like a bunch of heads.
Welcome ladies and gentlemen.
Yeah, welcome everybody.
This is Call Cas.
It's live.
It's the show where you call us.
You give us the content.
Okay.
We don't do anything except just sit back
and enjoy your voices and occasionally go,
that's crazy.
So call us in a second.
We're going to open up the lines,
but I just wanted to, if he was like,
did this thing, which I told her something we used to do
in the 90s.
And I think Sebastian Maniscalco has a bit about this,
but people used to just stop by people's houses.
And it'd be like,
Sebastian does this thing where he goes,
I lose in the neighborhood.
I, this is not the first time I've done this.
I know, but you're one of the few people that does this.
I think I only do it with you.
I get a call that's like,
Hey, I'm outside.
I get, Hey, I'm outside.
Can I use your bathroom?
Can I have water?
And she comes in and it's nice.
And then, and then the other part is she's like,
wish I could hang out.
I gotta take a call.
She's like, she's not even here to hang out.
She's just here to take a call.
I'm going to see everyone.
And then I'm like, Oh, well, I have things to do.
Yeah.
You've got my second home.
Well, she knows she doesn't have to actually engage with me
if she's here.
And that's kind of true.
There is no like pressure to hang.
I want to hang.
I just like think it's cool to like be here and be like,
Oh, look, it's home.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I can come hang and, and, and, you know,
it's nice when you're around and drink a little water and, you know,
yeah, drink some water.
It's my one stream a week lately.
I was just telling you how it's been real tough to get online.
But there is a part of me that's a little healthier.
Oh, I mean, I'm so,
I mean, so much has happened ever since I was telling us about it.
Like what's been going on?
And by the way, say hi to case.
I mean, you've even said, hey, Fiona.
I said hi.
It was a case.
Yeah, but not on air.
Well, hi, case.
I miss you very much.
Great to see you.
I miss everyone.
I, you know, I've wanted us all to hang, but I've been out.
Like I've been like escaping my feelings.
What do you mean?
What are you escaping?
I was like in Europe for like three weeks.
And then there was a moment I texted cast and I was like,
I have to come back.
Also, I'm not sure if Fiona's mic is on.
Just saying.
Oh, it's not.
Oh, shit.
Oh, you know what?
Since I just added it, it's possible I didn't add the,
didn't add it to the new scene here.
Oh boy.
I can also like yell.
Audio, audio input capture three will do this.
I don't know if this is doing anything.
Test, test, test, test.
In the meantime, it's Chet's corner.
What's up, everybody?
I'm actually in the studio.
I teleported in.
You have any questions for me until they resolve this
technical issue?
I doubled you up.
I doubled.
I will sort of be the warm up.
Not comedian, but sort of like truth teller, storyteller.
What's up, Chet?
Hey, how's it going?
Great to see you, Cass.
Just know if you ever have a technical issue right here.
Let's go to Chet.
Can we get a check?
Sounds, can we hear, do you guys hear Fiona now?
Test, test, test.
That's so much better, Fiona.
You've done it.
That's all the warm ups and material I had,
so I'm going to get the fuck out of here.
All right, Chet.
What was your closer, Chet?
Didn't you have a bit about, I was like.
Do you have like a line you leave off with?
Do you ever notice how white people,
when they piss, they make this face?
Oh.
Yeah, dude.
I did notice that.
They always do that.
Yeah, dude.
White people.
I do mostly racial comedy about white people.
That's so white person.
Yeah, dude.
That's it.
Super white coded.
Anyway, great work everybody.
I'm out of here.
Thanks, Chet.
Bye.
Thank you, Chet.
Well, that was, that was Chet.
Dude, I mean, what?
I mean, I know you look.
That specific image of me.
On this monitor, you look so black.
Okay.
With red tones, actually.
You look so black with reddish tones.
Some reddish tones.
What was I going to say?
Yeah, so you were overseas, you were running in,
you were escaping your problems.
Oh, yeah, I was overseas, was escaping my problems.
Oh, I wasn't escaping it.
I was more so being like, I, I, I, I have one life to live.
Let's just fucking go.
I don't have to be in LA.
I can just go.
So I just, like, if I kept at it,
I could have been there for a while, you know,
like I could have been away for a while.
What were you up to?
Do you got any wild stories?
No wild stories, but I do want to update you guys,
and I'm going to make a,
I'm going to make a little announcement here,
because I need to update you guys on the fact that
obviously I broke up with my ex and she is stalking me
currently.
She is watching these podcasts.
I was confirmed that she heard about our,
the other podcast I was on,
because I figured out that I was seeing someone that
made a TikTok about it.
And then I confronted her,
being like, don't make TikToks about my personal life.
She took it down,
sent me an insane, huge,
insanely huge message about how she's upset that I didn't
reach back out to her after I broke up with her.
And then, and then told me that,
that she didn't have to explain her traumatic experiences
unwarranted, which I didn't understand that,
because I was like, but I was your girlfriend for a year and a half.
So, I,
So you think she's watching right now?
Well, she, I probably,
she's probably going to watch it later.
I'm just going to put that out there,
and I'm going to make that announcement that way.
If she is watching, please stop.
And here's the thing she said.
But also like, Hey, how's it going?
Yeah, also,
we're casting, I was just really grateful for the viewer.
So thank you so much.
Yeah, we're happy to have the extra viewer.
Yeah, somebody can gift her a sub.
I guess someone gift her a sub,
because the thing is, is that she,
she said that she's been like,
so she was watching the podcast.
I was like, there was like a thousand views on that video.
I was like, how, how are you?
It's not like it was like a-
Oh, that was a big good.
She was 800 of them.
It was a pretty good.
But I was like,
I was just like, where did you,
like how did you, you must have searched this
to find it?
Yeah.
So, so that's my update.
Well, she used to not watch Fiona.
So this is actually a life hack.
If you want your partner to watch your stuff.
Well, actually, fun fact, she was.
Actually, fun fact, she was.
Oh.
And she was watching us behind my back,
but with, but like in a weird way,
because she, she kept telling other people
that I didn't allow her to watch our podcast.
And I was like, but what do you mean?
Like I would bring you here to listen.
Like I would bring you here.
And then like, she made it seem like I was like,
not letting her listen to the podcast.
And I was like, that's not what I want.
I feel like you never said anything.
I never said that.
Bad.
It was all, you were always just kind of honest
with your feelings.
But you never talked shit about it.
But I always said, I always told her,
I was like, if you ever you hear anything,
please talk to me about it.
I'm always on.
Like I personally wouldn't date somebody like you.
That's fair.
That was talking about our relation.
I would never.
That's fair.
But being your podcast co-host,
I thought it made for a great pod.
Yeah.
I know.
I mean, it was, well, anyways.
So I just wanted to say that that was a really insane thing
that happened to me recently.
So currently, what's it like?
Are you guys avoiding?
Is there a blocked?
Blocked.
Yeah.
Not, not ever.
No.
That was, I don't even know who I dated, to be honest.
I started learning a lot of information.
You know, when you like break up with someone,
or maybe like someone like you're in a toxic relationship,
and then once you're out of it, you're like,
who did I just date?
Because then you get information that
doesn't align with the person that you were with.
And you're like, what?
Yeah.
What?
Which is a whole other person.
This is a whole other person.
So I'm kind of dealing with that.
This is who I really am.
Jared let out 30 seconds to rush.
So anyways, yeah.
That was about a month ago.
So now you're just kind of,
you're single traveling around the world.
Yeah.
I'm not really trying to get into anything right now.
You're not trying to hook up.
It's not about that.
No. I haven't been,
haven't been hooking up.
Haven't been really dating.
I've just been kind of like my career,
figuring out my next moves.
And are we going to see on a P Diddy tape, you think?
Yeah.
Are you scared?
What?
No.
You don't think?
It did take you a little bit to answer that though.
Yeah. It took a while.
It didn't.
I wasn't even alive.
Do you think it's because you weren't super paying
attention to Casem, which is fair, but just so you know.
You gotta be quick on this.
I think I just associated for two seconds.
But yeah.
Yeah.
But sounds like things are going pretty good.
I mean, you came in here.
You were kind of floating.
I'm like, well my mental health really has been the best it's ever been.
Like I really have, I got out of that.
I'm realizing how I just don't need to be in a relationship.
So.
That's crazy.
I know.
Like, you know, I feel like I've just like, you know,
when you met me after the other bad breakup.
I've been through all your breakups in the last,
you went through two bad breakups of mine.
And it all started.
And you know what it started?
It all started when I moved to LA.
And here's another piece of conversation that I need to talk about is that I don't
think LA is the right place for me to date.
This is what she's trying.
She's going to give us some news here case and we're not going to like it.
But I mean, there is a high possibility that I'm moving back to New York next year.
Oh.
I don't.
I'm not very high possibility.
My brother doesn't want to be here anymore.
If he's not here, there's I don't know what I'm going to do here.
There's a vibe here that I think.
The industry is imploded for sure.
Yeah.
The big ones about to come.
Like I think it's just time for me to maybe move on.
What's the big one?
Some about yeah.
What do you tell me when you see the big one?
The big one, the San Andreas Fault.
The quake.
Oh, like a worth or I think like an industry shakeup.
That sounds worse though.
The other.
Not that too.
I mean the industry shakeup is that Los Angeles will be no more in about a year and a half.
So I see maybe like if.
Well, look, that's I would normally put up a bigger fight, but you know, I do think the aliens or an
asteroid's coming in 2028.
That's sort of word on the street.
So I can't really tell you to stay here for Los Angeles, California.
You just end up in the water anyways.
So yeah, I think we should all move to the heart of the country.
Africa.
No, no, that's the world.
I was thinking more Montana like Wyoming, you know,
something in the middle of the.
I think we got to all go back to Africa and we'll protect you case.
He'll kind of be okay case.
You'll be the village doctor.
Yeah, I think case should be like I think he should be like the warlock.
Oh, I can do that.
You know what I mean?
Like he's kind of the guy we have.
People have to fear him so he's untouched.
Oh, fear him too much or else they'll they'll rise up against him.
Oh, that's right.
I can start wearing plants exclusively just be covered in foil foil.
It could hide the brightness of your skin.
So if we like really, really darkened you up in this like hood without doing blackface.
Well, if you're more like you can cover yourself in mud and claim it's for religious reasons.
And that's the only way to get doing blackface.
Yeah, a like a yeah, like, um, what's it called?
I don't know the word in English, but it's like a mud type face.
White devil.
Yeah.
So I could be your local white devil.
You still need one.
You need the white devil, but you'll also you'll be able to speak our language fluently
and English so you'll be.
No, no, he's got to only speak in clicks.
So that's the guys I'm telling you he's have to be he has to be hidden.
Like I can use to be if you really have to worry about him.
I'm the only white guy, but I'm still trying to check if it's cool.
Like they told me to talk like this.
I swear.
Only like you can only be yourself when we're like deep underground and it's just us three.
And like that's your only moment to like let loose and be yourself.
And then back back to back to warlock status.
So what happened to Africa to make it like this when we go there?
Oh, I don't know.
I just imagine that's what I'm feeling.
Yeah, none of us have been there.
We've never been there.
I've heard stories.
Well, one of us has.
Raise your hand if you've been to Africa.
Yeah.
And what are you doing there?
I was in Egypt.
Yeah.
What were you doing there?
Climbing the pyramids when you could do that.
Yeah.
Ow.
Oh, sorry.
Did I hurt you?
No.
Okay.
Yeah.
No, I've never been to Africa.
I've heard stories.
My mother has told me many scary things there, but also makes me feel like,
man, I kind of want to go home.
Like New York or Africa?
No, Africa.
Yeah.
Oh, the mother.
That's home.
You know, there's a part of me that's like it's time to go home.
I like to think of it like Wakanda where it's invisible to anyone that's not black.
All right.
And then when you you you cruise up in that 747, it starts to reveal itself.
For me, it's either.
Yeah, yeah, like my my life is either I'm going to go back to Wakanda,
go to Africa or just go to Yonkers.
Pick between your motherland.
Yonkers.
Life's pretty fucking good right now.
Or the entire continent of Africa.
Fuck it off.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yonkers.
The Africa.
It's the Jamaica Queens.
Or we're going Jamaica, Jamaica.
Jamaica, Jamaica or Nigeria.
Or Nigeria, yeah.
Safer to be gay in Yonkers.
You're right.
Honestly, I'd have to go straight if I go back to Africa.
What's the what's the gay scene like right now that so the industry's imploded, right?
No TV film is being made very little.
Are the gays fleeing as well as the industry folks?
Or are they are they?
Dude, I'm like I'm starting to like regret choosing to be gay.
You know, like I'm sorry.
I'm hitting a point in my life where like man, I mean, you know, if I keep if I go through
one more traumatic breakup from a woman, I really think that will be it for me.
So I think you go straight though.
You'll want to switch back within a couple of weeks just to warn you.
Yeah, we'll fuck you up.
The thing with being straight is I think what could happen is that I don't care enough
about the man.
So I actually feel I'd be safer if you're deeply unattracted to the person you're with that does
really free you up.
Yeah, then he's just like a buddy.
You know, he's just like a buddy that's around.
You're so gay that you're going to be a groomsman in my wedding.
Yeah, I am.
That's how gay you are.
I am.
We're going to put her in a pantsuit.
How does your mom feel about that repair?
My mom's very pro gay.
Oh, OK.
It's just my dad.
OK, that's fair.
No, I asked you will stone you.
Yeah, that's fine.
Yeah.
But I can be straight for that moment.
That is breaking news.
Yeah, we we are going to have Fiona dressed up in a pantsuit on the groomsman side
of the of the wedding and we're going to get a buzz cut.
No, don't get a buzz cut.
Just what if I do you have an opportunity for like some killer Instagrams.
Can you imagine?
No, well, dressed up.
I need to.
Who am I going to impress?
Did they go on the grid and you impress the world?
Do you know what I mean?
I have no one to impress like guys.
It's been weird for me.
Like I have no one like to post for.
Do you feel like you do better when you're you have someone to impress?
Absolutely not.
What I've realized is that I'm fucking crazy whenever I like someone.
And I think like I'm avoiding that at all costs.
Crushes make me crazy.
Anything romantic makes me fucking crazy.
I think I'm the worst version of myself when I have a crush on someone.
I think we're kind of similar when when we are early in a relationship.
It's like all we can really think about.
It's these games.
It's like these like I have to play these games and I fully believe that I'm like
somewhat neurodivergent.
I'm and I feel like my social skills for these things are like not it does not
bode well for me.
You know what I mean?
Like it's a little I'm talking to my therapist about it too because she's just like yeah,
it's clear you have some there's some neurodivergency that you have because it's like you're not reading.
The or not reading but you don't acknowledge it's like I have these social skills are not.
I don't have it.
Yeah, we're all a little bit tis them down since the pandemic.
I don't have it.
I don't have the social skills to uphold dating.
No, you don't understand.
No, I don't understand this gray area and I think dating is romantic.
Anything is all gray area.
It's time for three.
I think the vaccine to you.
I think and I didn't even get the Johnson and Johnson.
I got the Pfizer.
The Pfizer was the good one.
The Johnson and Johnson was like the back alley one.
Yeah, that's what I got.
Dude, what?
That's what I got.
That is literally what I got though.
Yeah, no, dude, that's then that one like hurt.
Yeah, like you started bleeding.
I did get really sick.
I think it just gave me COVID.
And they're like you're good.
Dude, yeah.
I think they're like blood clots.
I remember they were like, yeah, the Pfizer one is you come in twice for that one.
Not even though it's one shot.
No, no, but then the Johnson and Johnson is like one shot.
You're down for days.
Your arm hurts.
It's like somebody socked your ass with a baseball bat, but it's one shot.
It was an that was an insane moment.
And the fact that the FDA approved that shot too is like really telling of like what
what actually is the FDA is doing for us, you know, because how did that vaccine get approved?
Yeah, it got approved pretty quick.
And not only did we all take it, right?
We were making fun of people who didn't.
I didn't take the Johnson and Johnson.
Well, just the vaccine in general.
Oh no, I took that immediately.
I actually I actually.
Right.
Quick.
Yeah, no, it was pretty bad.
I did that thing where you go to the Walgreens and you and you stand in the makeup aisle and wait for it to queue up.
Yeah, no.
So I was I was in Austin, Texas when all of that was happening.
And so first of all, they didn't even believe that the pandemic was real because I think two weeks into lockdown, everything went back to normal.
Yeah.
Over there.
But what happened was I had to get on a slack channel to get the vaccine.
Wait, was this at Rooster Peas?
No, not at Rooster Teeth.
Like like a slack channel of Austin, Texas.
Oh, like Austin, Austin, Texas.
The city?
Like there was a big slack channel where you were allowed to go there and like get and like like reserve space for a vaccine.
Damn.
What if you don't know how to like use slack and what?
Dude, I know like that's what I'm saying.
Like I had to learn this by like it's like very university coded.
So it's like slack.
Like it was all like I mean, I felt like I was like getting a drug that I wasn't allowed to get.
Like I and then makes it exclusive.
And then I went and then I got I finally like every morning I would have to click and like make sure I got in.
Got like the approval of it.
This is Texas.
And so I got it and he told me that I had to drive like two hours away to like San Antonio to get this vaccine.
And I was like, I have to do this or else there's no way I'm getting this vaccine.
So I drove down to get my vaccine.
And then I had to do it twice two weeks later.
Damn.
And I all got this from a slack channel and I had to every morning I had to like quickly,
you know, like make sure I was in line.
Dude, LA.
You got scammed.
Super easy.
It was well, LA.
You just walked down the street and there's a guy in drag or a transgender just tossing them out like out of a bag.
No, I mean it was like it was like eat like it was like fully like
underground.
It was really bad.
So yeah, that was that was cool.
But we all got it now, dude.
I got my booster a short while after and then just stopped getting them.
And I don't know why I stopped.
Yeah, I don't remember the last booster I got.
Dude, like when like do we get like what's the rule now?
Like I don't even know where my paper is.
Yeah.
Oh, I have it in my passport.
I don't know where my Vax paper was.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's gone.
And I just also don't understand.
No one tells us like when the booster is like a flu shot.
Do you get it every year?
Like what's I think they just stopped worrying about it.
Yeah, they're like we're done with this.
They don't want to go through it again.
It was like a it was really traumatic.
But it's just so insane because it's like it's not like it's gone.
It's just here.
And so I'm wondering people are dying from it.
And I'm also wondering like do you get the another piece of information that I'd love to know
is like you get the flu shot first or the covid shot.
Like do you get it at the same time or like you don't get it.
I think you got to give your body a break.
Yeah.
But is it like but flu season same as covid season?
Do you have to get it at some other point?
It's a good question.
These are all good questions and no one's listed in a voucher anymore.
They just let everyone decide.
Is he alive? Is he dead?
I don't know.
I haven't heard from this man.
I think the laws as soon as there was a packed chilies in anywhere in Michigan,
the pandemic was over.
So it actually ended I think in about 2020 within two months.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That was it was Tiger King waiting in line out of Walgreens,
then the chilies in Michigan and now it's like it's done.
Oh yeah.
And then like during the pandemic, I had like this long distance girlfriend
that I was like that it was just so bad.
Do I know this person?
Maybe I've talked long distance.
My my therapist used to say long distance relationships aren't real.
They're not real relations.
I don't think that was something that therapist should say.
No, he said that.
Did he say that over zoom?
Yeah.
Right.
Yeah.
Did he say that over?
He did say it over zoom.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He did say over zoom.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, it's he says that because because I I dated someone who lived in
speaking of Brooklyn or New York.
I dated somebody there and when you go visit them, it's like you're on vacation.
Oh my god.
I have to take a call.
Oh, go take your call.
Ladies and gentlemen, Fiona, maybe she'll be back.
Maybe she won't.
Depends on how the call goes.
Jesus, what an exit, huh?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Looks at her phone panic.
Doesn't even say bye just leaves.
I do want to say thank you for all the subbies.
Let me go through them right now while we open up the phone lines.
Maybe we'll get some calls about Fiona that she won't be able to answer.
Oh yeah.
Let me pop these lines wide open.
Nome pro.
Thank you for the 24 months.
Two years.
My microphone's about to fall over.
Two years.
Thank you Lord Servo for the 23 months.
Two years.
I don't know if I've seen a two year one yet.
Maybe I have.
Let me scroll down.
Side effect for the eight months.
Nome pro.
Thanks for the shout out.
Colin.
Thanks for the 21 months.
Groups.
Thanks for the shout out.
Reverie.
Thank you for the nine months full term with the resub on the prime.
Jay Money.
Thank you for the 16.
Research care for 16 months.
21 months overall.
Jay Money.
Thank you so much.
Smoke packs.
My brother for a full term on nine months.
Welcome.
I'm so glad even if I'm just streaming one day a week this last month.
It's nice to know that when I do stream you guys are still
supporting and tuning in.
Phone lines are open 844721 cast give us a call.
Did anything that you just heard give you a cause for concern.
Do you have any news.
Is there anything that's bugging you that you want to call in and get our opinion about or just use our airtime to
sort of just get stuff off your chest.
That's what we're here for.
Yeah. Where should we want to move.
Let us know.
Where should Fiona moves.
Do we think that getting it a LA is the move right now.
Any time people say that I go.
I know it feels right now but you'll want to come back.
Okay.
Guess who's back.
And she's back ladies and gentlemen.
We can actually take some calls now that you're you're still here and we've opened up our phone lines.
If you want to talk to Fiona because this is the only way to do it.
She is not available through any other platform social media site.
No I need you guys to be.
She's probably dated you and blocked you so there's no way for you to get a hold of her.
And if you're her ex you can call us up right now.
Do not call us up.
Okay.
That would be a pretty good call though.
That would be actually a great call.
That'd be pretty good.
I would actually be okay with it but what I will say is you said something and then I forgot.
No it's okay.
Can you guys please at least please still interact with me on Instagram.
I need that.
Yeah.
Make sure you get.
Why don't you comment on my stuff.
Like this is like my work.
Yeah.
This is like my work.
It's not even like a selfie of mine.
It's like this is my work.
Yeah.
All right.
Yeah.
Make sure you guys are supporting her on Instagram.
No.
Smoke packs.
Absolutely.
Real one.
Always commenting.
Smoke packs are real one.
Timmy the brain.
Thanks for the 18 months.
Side tricks my buddy.
Coming in for 21.
Joe Coyote.
Thank you for the 23 months.
Sending love from Michigan.
Congrats on your engagement.
Cool to see the crew here.
I know it is nice Joe.
Big shout out to Danksauce who's doing our call screening right now.
Speaking of Texas.
Texas native over there.
Call up.
You'll talk to Danksauce and he'll put you in a queue.
And then hopefully if there's enough time we pull you into it.
Just like knocked up none who I don't I think this is first time calling in ever.
Knocked up pun.
Welcome to call cash.
You're on with case.
Cass and Fiona.
How's it going?
Okay.
I might have to mute it.
Sorry.
Okay.
Yeah.
All right.
Hey we can hear you now.
That's my bed.
Oh okay.
Cass.
I'm a huge fan.
I've been watching you on YouTube for over a decade.
I mean it's crazy.
Thank you so much.
I'm married.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
Yeah I'm engaged getting married soon.
Hopefully if everything goes according to plan.
And the song she doesn't figure out who I this is who I really am.
And then leave me.
I appreciate that.
Thank you for the kind words.
I was watching your old videos on the internet archive.
I was watching California on going deep.
And oh yeah they are on there.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So many nostalgic videos.
My first question is when YouTube was kind of young and you were on going deep.
How did you get the stars?
How did you get in contact with them?
How did I get the porn stars on?
Well it's really.
How did you get the porn stars on?
You want to hear a story?
You want to hear about how I got the porn stars on my YouTube show?
Sure.
Yeah because YouTube was so good.
Just face it a little bit.
Make your interest.
Sure.
I'll make this quick.
Essentially you just got to get the one.
And then once you get one you can use that to show others.
And it's much easier to book.
But to get that one is kind of a tough road because porn stars while they do want to
self-promote quite a bit generally don't.
They're very wary of people that reach out to them.
And for good reason like they get a lot of creeps that are trying to get them to come and do this.
So we had to essentially we sent out a Craigslist post.
We probably had 100 people that responded to us or whatever.
Out of 100 Craigslist we sifted through.
We finally booked one porn star.
And I don't even know if porn stars are right.
She was an adult actress but she came in.
We did it.
We put it on YouTube.
And then we use that to book the rest of them.
Or she was like you should talk to my friend this person.
And then it was sort of off to the races.
But that's how we did it.
That answers your question.
It was crazy because when I was watching your videos I could not keep a straight face.
I think I was like 14 at the time watching.
I said what the heck porn.
I don't even know what it is.
That's too young.
And then.
That's too young.
And yeah I don't.
I'm sorry.
Tell your parents I'm sorry you shouldn't have been watching that.
But YouTube was sort of like the Wild West back then.
And there wasn't the sort of parental controls that there are today.
So I apologize if you have some weird fetish or you're into some like fucked up shit.
Because of the way you entered your sexuality.
I'm sorry.
How could you keep a straight face asking some of those questions.
I just got to know.
I mean I know it's kind of cut in and out.
It's like a soulless.
It's a soullessness.
There's a removal.
There is there's something.
Detach detachment.
It's like I had a body experience in OBE.
I sort of removed myself and I watch it like anyone else would.
Right.
If you've ever stared into the eyes of an American girl doll for 20 minutes.
That's sort of what it's like to hang out with cats.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You kind of you kind of wonder like what's going on there buddy.
Yeah.
And you're like what's wrong with me that I'm doing this.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Why am I friends with this guy.
Right.
Yeah.
You kind of question your own self.
I think it was I was also like kind of nervous the first time and sort of when I I guess when
I get nervous I sort of I just shut down.
Yeah.
I've noticed that.
I sort of shut down in general.
I think you shut down at anything that has a more emotional stake to it as well sometimes.
So like that's fair.
Open my heart up to you.
I sense a.
Yeah.
I wish she wasn't doing this.
Yeah.
I wish.
Yeah.
It's like damn this is inconvenient.
You know like an inconvenience.
Who's OK.
Who's worse at it and be honest if you were to open up and pour your heart and soul out
to someone who's worse at receiving that me or Kevin.
Yeah.
That's a good question.
You guys are both awful at it.
The only thing is that I think what happens you try to leave the conversation faster than
Kevin does.
OK.
So so you both act the same way.
Kevin is not emotional whatsoever.
But we'll keep asking me a question and keep validating me.
You'll be like hey time to like get over it because because there was a there was
that moment when I was one time I but I but to be fair OK I'll hear you out.
Go ahead.
Well there was that one moment when I was really deeply sad about a girl and you
essentially made me spiral to a point that I had to take an like an amount of
shrooms that was unwell.
And then I started and then I thought that you then confused me thinking that
it was the end of the world.
Well that was a that was a whole other.
Yeah but I told you that I was going to take shrooms and then you started
telling me that you started sending me a crimping.
I did send you videos of people.
Crumping or crimping or whatever it's called.
And then you said like it looks like Ovali.
And then and then you said you told me that an asteroid hit.
And then it was coming or it was coming that we had to go to Idaho and hear
the coordinates.
Yeah.
I did give you some.
And then when I was done with my trip I told you and you were like yeah you
know like sometimes life just happens that way.
And then at that point that's when you opened up.
So to answer your question knocked up none.
That's how Casim keeps a straight face is what everything Fiona just described.
That is that is true.
Yeah but all like a whole bunch of takes honestly if I if I was there and I was
interviewing man asking him what those questions were because there was one
question when you asked Ron Jeremy and he's a big deal now.
I remember the question.
Isn't he in jail.
Yeah wait who's Ron Jeremy.
Ron Jeremy is known as the hedgehog.
He was known for having a massive dong I think 13 inch dong.
What.
And he was like this.
He said in the video he said three inches from the floor.
Oh yeah he made that joke.
Fuck the fuck the fat.
Yeah he did make he did have some old man jokes and he had a musk about him.
Any any has narcolepsy which is you know fine.
I don't hold I don't hold that against him but he did fall asleep.
Couple times.
Okay another question.
As well.
Sure yeah we'll do one more question and then we'll move on to the next call.
So when I was 18 I visited Los Angeles and I saw the spot where you do California on
where those like doing so those like reindeer dancing
I don't know if I forget that huge yeah it's a mural yeah yeah I took a picture of that.
So that was kind of parasocial of me but do you get people coming up to you in real life anymore.
Definitely a lot less.
It did happen today but definitely you know not nowhere near the heyday which is
probably better for my sanity.
I did develop really bad paranoia back in my early YouTube days because I was I was afraid that
everywhere I went that was like somebody was going to hurt me that recognized me or something.
It was like this and it wasn't super irrational but it is this sort of thing.
It's really weird and since I'm sort of very far removed from fame now I can look back at
and be like it's very strange but when I was at a peak there was a time where I would go I'd
leave the house and it would happen like three four times where somebody would say something
especially if I was like on the west side and then I really developed a feeling of uncertain
like I felt very unsafe with people like if I was in a movie theater and I would just feel like
there's somebody in this room that may know who I am but I won't know that and then I'll
leave the movie and then I'd get it I'd see a tweet I'd scroll through my replies and it's the
back of my head somebody took a picture of you know and I was like that's it's kind of
didn't make me feel good I like when people come and said hi I've always enjoyed that
it's just the stuff where people are kind of from afar and like aren't engaging with you but
are looking at you it's like really weird in between stuff I don't have to worry about that now
but um yeah you know what happened to twitch con this year man you believe it no what happened
to twitch con this year I know people are just back from it uh did a weird thing happen did somebody
get hurt a lot of kick streamers went to see a lot of their favorite twitch streamers I suppose
some of them got into fights others were harassed one guy sucked on a big twitch streamer's chest
licked another guy's hands whole bunch of clips about it oh man I don't know if any of the chat
saw the twitch clips about it but I thought you would go to twitch con to do like a
California on twitch con you know kind of like the old no no I'm kind of past yeah I would have been
a great time to do it it probably it is a great time to do it it's just that stuff is like I
don't know I I don't know how interesting that is for me to do anymore and it does take a lot of
energy case has done it before me in case I've done it at comic con it's just like the amount of energy
you're ex expelling uh doing that stuff is unreal and for what really like I don't know if it would
be worth it back in the day it would have been you know that was my job and I was like whatever my
views were on youtube is what I got paid and so I was like I gotta I gotta get there and like
relevance was an issue so you just wanted to be in the middle of it when that stuff isn't
important or you're you don't live your life by that you know like tend to stay away from stuff like
that but but I appreciate the call knocked up I I do want to hear more about the stuff that
happened at twitch con I'm sure some of the folks calling in may have some words but hey call us
so we're here every Monday give us a call back and I appreciate you finding me and supporting the
stream fantastic man I big fan over a decade thanks so much for it thank you I really do
appreciate it thank you man yeah you too we'll see you later
lot of good folks lot of good folks you know who else is a good guy
chief happiness officer Matt oh okay this will be my last call though this is gonna be oh
man sorry card king and smoke packs an electric man they're gonna they're gonna miss you but
we'll talk shit about you while you're gone uh Matt Liddell Fiona's number one fan on
Paul Cass hi Matt hi Fiona and hi other two guys um yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah how are you doing Fiona
you know I'm doing good I'm doing good life is uh happening that's as long as you're happy
then you need to do whatever you need to do thanks but uh the only thing you can't do is move
I've talked it over with everyone in the creamies yeah we can't have that um I talked to actually real
quick I talked to Ashley real quick and she's uh she's more than happy to have you move in with her in
Cass um you know yeah yeah you know yeah if she has to kick out Cass to make room for you uh she
said she will she'll make the sacrifice for you so she just wants to make sure to keep you there so
listen I will tell you I want to I want to but yeah yeah you gotta do what you have to do as long as
you're happy that's all that matters and that's all we want for you so um I was gonna sit I'm sorry
no I was just saying that meant the world thank you Matt not a problem and Cass I will say this
this is the probably one of the best guests you've had uh so far uh I know it's it's a lot better
than last week well last week's guest or two weeks ago uh I can't remember uh his name was I think was
floss from the goonies oh um boy is this a uh is this a gnome pro um no it's a gena no gena it's a
gena oh gena with a forehead oh gena Cass forgot that gena exists so I guess you're right Matt
yeah uh no I'll love gena I did ask Gina if she wanted to show up but she's on her way back from
twitchcon where she was probably so what are those I just wanted to say you know not too much I just
wanted to say hi hope everyone's doing great um just all the contents been great that I've been uh
but it's you know there's a likeness uh but I want to uh you know just uh hope everyone's doing good
I'll let the next person talk but uh you know just keep it all you know keep up everything and uh
and Fiona just uh you know keep on doing what you need to and uh just stay in touch over uh
you know socials or whatever and I don't know just keep on taking ass like you always do
you're the best Matt thank you I needed that anytime you have any words for me it makes me feel 10 times better
thank you Matt and uh not a problem we'll we'll get an update about uh what's going on with gnome
pro on the next show okay not a problem we will do that um card king is begging begging me
to let you hear what he has to say he has live morgan tea okay okay is that uh
you hang out for just a second card king uh and then we've got smoke packs card king uh what is going
on brother welcome to the show welcome back to the show oh my god I miss you so much I'm so glad
that you're back I'm glad you're okay I'm glad you're fine I was so worried about you um do you
know how much the world has but do you realize how much the world has changed and I have needed a
strong lesbian opinion on your family family family family your live morgan has taken over pegging
responsibilities for dominic mysterio and I have so wanted to have like I've been waiting to hear what
the fuck did you just say who's she pegging what's going on in the w w it's definitely turning away
from the PG era but I remember for a while that you were following the relationship between uh oh god
I'm trying to remember her name now Rhea Ripley Rhea Ripley and Liv Morgan yes because that was the
only queer that was the only queer moment they had and it lasted three weeks it did however they
they are now apparently they are degeifying that entire storyline because you were falling for a
little bit the Rhea has was in a relationship with Dominic Mysterio and then yeah that's when I started
that's when I started walking out of that because they started making Rhea Rhea have a relationship
with a man that they may not that yeah that's just the real right they are yeah it's me
well now apparently they decided to make it even worse they decided to put your little
trumpet trumpet your love your bonding little friend is now taken over the responsibilities
for the strap on for you to make sure that Dominic feels comfortable and home like because
what happened in prison but I okay but I miss them I will say I will say it might even be
wait but hold on hear me out maybe I am making this a little more of a queer maybe this is me
putting my two cents in and and and queer and and what the fuck is it called but
I think it's actually even gayer that Liv went for the guy that Rhea was was out was with and this
all actually this triangulation here might actually be one of the gayest things that could happen
because at the end of the day there's a world where they actually just Leah and Rhea and Rhea
just want to live live and Rhea just want to be together but they're just using this man as like
as like us that you see that yeah that might be gay is that a guy or a girl in the middle
yeah it's a guy I think it's a guy oh that's a mysterious okay he's got a little little beard
going a little bit this might be this might actually be the gayest this might just be the gayest
moment actually if we think about it so this is gay this might be a very gay slow burn that I've seen
way too many times and and if they're if the writers are good they'll lean into that
if they want to if they want to get any of the queer queer interests um if they want me to go back
to watching WWE they lost you as well they lost me they had me they had me like by the great they had me
like they had me they grabbed me and then then they lost me well they got to bring you back
because there was a moment where I thought like oh my god they're making stuff Fiona's into like this
dude I thought I was gonna be a storyline at some point like it was like I was trying to get
in there you were texting I was like you guys were on a thread together there was like a moment
I was like uh oh time to get on my wrestling gear yeah you would come into work every day be like guys
I think um live is gonna body slamming I think um I'm uh causing issues in between relationships
yeah they gotta get they gotta get gay again make WWE gay again
mm-hmm well maybe well I know the 80s were pretty gay but yeah Fiona like I have a lot more questions
but I know you're you're busy like I know you got stuff to do or you're no no no no please tell me
or tell me your question tell me your question it's all give it to me okay well this is a
somewhat serious so I'll try to calm down a little bit but okay and I'm only being mildly
hyperbolic that you are a creator you're a filmmaker and you're making material right now that is
currently everybody in entertainment whether it's film whether it's music videos is literally
stealing everything from and so I'm wondering from your perspective how does it feel when you're
having your vision your style your sexuality your your identity that you are producing
starting to show up mainstream and you're not even getting any credit for it
this is a great question and thank you so much for noticing that um thing you're noticing um this
is in response to the chapel ron um here's my response okay and is this on the record
uh popculture.com wherever you are no no there's nothing bad but this in print brother
go ahead. Nothing bad I am immensely I don't think there was ever I don't think I maybe you know you
guys are flattering me a bit too much I don't think I had any influence in any of that but
it would be cool to right it would be cool to have some type of acknowledgments
because it was cool that they were able to do all of this and you know chapel's huge it would
be awesome if there's a world that maybe my short film also got this type of attention to some degree
whether it is there is like a bit of a lesbian
a french castle fire swordswoman type of vibe here that I think I put out well last year almost
or this beginning of this year yes and I wish it got somewhat of that attention but I did but my
laundromat movie got a pretty good attention I think it's good it means that you're like
your instincts on yeah I have good instincts but like you know I the thing is is that I actually
do realize that I I do have good instincts because there's a lot of things that I've noticed
that are now popular that I've had ideas back when yeah and I feel like I've always had that but
it would be cool to like be recognized by it soon and I I trust that at some point it will
but it would be cool it would be cool and I will tell you this chapel road is
who's been she's sort of been like everything you read about her is oh she's so cool she's
so talented she's a new hot thing she's setting boundaries with her fans good for her but a little
bit of having a down week this week because of her stance not necessarily backing Kamala Harris
and saying that there's problems on both sides have you seen this she's sort of taking a little
bit of heat right now what happened well yeah it's just like her her she's not willing to
publicly endorse Kamala Harris which is fine she doesn't have to but I think the people are saying
it's because well why wouldn't you because one side is completely against this whole drag everything
that you're you know you're leaning into in your aesthetic one side doesn't welcome that sort of
that that's tough that's so tough because it's also like she and not saying that she should
like she should absolutely pick essentially she's both siding is what but I think man
sucks to blow up in an election year I will say that I think so it sucks because because I don't
think because you've got to pick a side yeah at this point because she's so big and got so big she
has to pick a side she has to to really make a stance and I know she will at some point but
it is that's tough because she just blew up like imagine imagine up and then down at some you know
what I mean like three months ago I had no idea who she was right no like she literally blew up to
a degree that it's like like people like people are seeing her as like you're like the next lady
Gaga like you know Madonna level so it's kind of just crazy yeah well I think she's cool I think her
music's cool and you're kind of like her politics actually I'm one of the few things that got on
board when she made that comment it was like oh nice yeah I like that she yeah I like that since
you have a good instinct is there something that is not on everyone's radar now that you think will
be on our radar within six months that we should maybe get on early yeah who's gonna appropriate you
next Fiona well I've been no well okay I did I don't know if anyone remembers but remember
when I said that Katy Perry is gay did I not say this I said this I was like I think Katy
Perry is gay like she like fully looked like there was a picture there was like a an image of her that
popped up like a year and a half ago and I was like oh that just looks like a masked lesbian and I was
like oh I think she's gay and then and then now something weird's happening where she's taking
this weird routes which um um there was a whole thing but yeah I've seen the Katy Perry thing
from a little bit but I'm wondering because she's been you know queer friendly in her music and
she's been queer inclusive but she's always kind of driven a drawn a line like you know she kissed a
girl and she liked it but wasn't going much harder than that now oh but yeah her album is not quite
performing up to the standards that they're doing and there's a question is if she is now appropriating
uh queer sexuality for a male gaze to try to attract that attention and that becomes that thing
where are you a straight person that is appropriating queer culture for the sake of a targeting gaze or
you actually trying to participate as a member of that community and adding to that where I
mean I just think I just think I just think she's manic right now I think this is an insane video
to put out I think it's an insane song to put out called woman's world I don't know what year you're
in she's had a rough year her album tank this is tough I mean like all this entire video is tough
like is there even a black woman in that video like I mean it was just I mean there might be
a bite and like this is just it's what the what's just not cool yeah I mean like what are you is
this like feminism like what's happening she's like isn't my body ironic I better show it off yeah
like what's happening there's like two guys kissing there I guess that's cool like well the point
is she married to her she used to be married to with Orlando Bloom literally looks like his mocking
video a music video that he did uh and get into the greek like that was supposed to be about a bad
pop oh really like a parodying a situation but I'm like but I'm like I don't even remember like I'm
like Russell brand wasn't that in 2008 like it's it's time to move on like it's 2024
that's crazy guys um well card king thank you so much thanks card king all those I think I think you're
still okay thank you grab me on thank you and we'll see you next week brother all right all right
that's it for Fiona ladies and gentlemen she's gonna go take her call and help yourself to
anything in the fridge I think I'll be okay and while you're in there grab me a little seltzer
and bring it over to daddy okay so you want me to go thirsty okay very thirsty okay so
we got smoke packs on the line thank you for hanging smoke packs also sub orbital thanks for
gifting a sub to TMZ news hopefully they got that sclucey uh microphone thank you for the 500 cheer bits
uh miss microphone bits welcome back uh smoke packs to call cast I hope everything is doing you're
right over there in Chicago yeah that's great thank you so much hey see if you know sorry we could
get you get her to stick around for you smokes but no it's all good I didn't want to no I'm gonna
I'm like I'm kind of gonna bring her down with some info and stuff I don't want to come I'm kind of
I'm kind of going through it right now guys oh how are you how are you doing
uh no it's just kind of been a rough rough day I've been been busy on the horn all day
magic card world I'm not gonna lie it got hit with some devastating band and restriction news and
oh my god my magic format so I do like that commander in it I mean I don't own any of the cards that
are hundreds of dollars so no let's get off my teeth but just the pack boy what do they do they
me well well it's just like imagine cast your comic book guy imagine if they imagine if they said you
can't own you can't own a spire man number one I would be living I'd say fight me yeah so there
we go manacryp yep cases on it then they just reprint manacryp which was a promo originally
in the 90s it has history we needed the dock side extortionist band but manacryp is just out of line
I can't believe they they banned that I'm kind of zero man around with a damaged drawback are they
insane they thought they could just flood the flood the board with this and you know case they're
they're even saying this implies that they should just then ban sol ring which is a commander state
staple yeah that's true the format speak true so I don't know man it's like oh I can't I can't play
my spire man comic good not even make something you do but jewel lotus that was messed up jewel
lotus was made for commander and they banned the card that was like hundreds of dollars now if you
look up live like market prices which is incredible I've never seen this with magic cards it's tanking
in real time yeah do you own do you own these cards and have you lost money or no no it's the principle
yeah that's tough I'm not a sucker no I get it I'm with you man I think that's fucked up I think if you
you know it's one of those things you spend a lot of money in a game and you're gonna
buy a nice card and then all of a sudden you wake up the next day and some suit decides to make a
change and all of a sudden that card's worthless can't be played it's bullshit man yeah yeah yeah well
this wasn't a suit necessarily it's the rules committee for commander c magic card why would they wear suits
I don't know I don't know these guys are kind of kind of salt of the earth people are chill
they might make my tour wedding but they might have sandals on it's it's more like no
kind of beardy with men you know the only way I could imagine people being more upset is if they
didn't ban these cards or maybe is equally as upset well I asked for not personally but I was like very
vocal in the doxide extortionist band because it's just I don't like that card it ends games too fast
that the goblin right there the red goblin he's a pirate and if you have artifacts on the board he's
he's gonna see for that and then you get as much artifacts is on the board that helps you get like
manor ramp is there any other into it but is there any other collector's item that functions like this
because magic really is like you can nuke the value of a card potentially were thousands of dollars
by banning it from certain formats just like is there any other thing you can collect where the
value is like so arbitrarily assigned if someone was like Picasso sucks what are you dropping value
I
yeah go ahead cash I want to hear what you're thinking to your clutch your head well you know I don't
know it's like I need to know the numbers but like it's a good point I don't know of anything
where you ban it and it tanks because typically when you make something more rare or give take away
the ability for people to acquire it it usually brings up the value but that only works for things
like pieces of art comic books things where it's not like part of a deck of cards that you want to play
my signed collection of puff daddy CDs has gone down and fall here recently those are bad right now yeah
yeah it used to be worth so much yeah so that's tough dude and there's and people spend fucking
money on magic they do money oh yeah yeah I had some community members they're saying the cards I got
banned some of them have like expensive variants um where like their spouse skit got him that card for
a gift it's like a hundred dollars and now I'm seeing it being listed for like $28 and people are buying
it for that much so it's like what's left in the face some mentality is still there but
the money man the money um is this something that happens on the regular and magic or like where they
ban do they ban cards regularly like they do it twice a year or is it just come out of nowhere
when something is too powerful it needs a nerf and and why don't they nerf it as opposed to ban it
well they've never reprinted magic cards they've yeah they had to reprint it it's that's
that's like a very crazy case and if they do do that it's because maybe they printed a misprint
originally and had to reset it out but that makes no uh for for the commander format this is kind of
historic and unprecedented the last time this happened was like two years ago and even that time
in my opinion was pretty historic unprecedented just because they're targeting cards that were
printed specifically for commander also cast for the coast for little context commanders
a hundred cards and you can only have one copy of each card so it's like a yes it's a format where
any given card is less likely to have like a huge sweeping impact because you just don't draw it
every game i see i see unless you're this piece of shit doxide extortionist who had to go
yeah fuck that guy i'm glad he's gone fuck that i see him right there fuck that guy get that
guy on my i'll get him off the screen that piece of shit thank you can i ask you uh smoke packs
we've got pokemon pocket that's coming out in a month is are you gonna i know you're a card game guy
you're one of our uh big cream team card game guys are you gonna start with pokemon pocket when it
comes out or are you gonna be like already invested in too much other stuff can't uh maybe not
financially if there's like money incentives i think it might hold off just just chill and play
if it's got a good free to play experience i'm always looking for that in a mobile game i understand
where the money goes when you spend that stuff stuff in games helping the devs and the game out but
i'm heavily invested in magic still and marvel snap so it's kind of like and even saying the word
investment is kind of silly but like spreading myself too thin financially for my own entertainment
it really depends if i'm doing it for a stream maybe but not playing i'm branching out in the
pockets for entertainment like that i if the cream team's playing you know i'm always in the marvel
snap oils they're all talking about trying to play it so i'll definitely like engage with it
it's kind of crazy in this trailer in this trailer cast the first thing they're showing is opening
packs not playing the game they're like waiting with the collection yeah it is a collection first
game um like marvel snap you'll be able to battle uh and do quick battles with folks
but like marvel snap it is about collecting pokemon cards and that's where they're going
to make all their money marvel snap by the way last year made almost a hundred million dollars so
imagine what pokemon's gonna do you can it will be free to play and i think why i think it'll be
successful is you'll be able to download pokemon pocket and every day you'll be able to rip two packs
for free and you won't need to spend a dime right and then there'll be things like where you can
sign up for your uh season pass and then you'll get a third pack to open and then there are other
like they'll just nickel and dime you just like marvel snap does however um and this is me cast some
the attic talking i will be just like downloading it and seeing what it's like to rip some packs and
then play some games i i'm interested i'm not generally a pokemon guy i've never been a pokemon
guy but i am uh i do like a good card so like what i'm into is what if the pokemon card battler
part is really fun and uh you know and i would be kicking myself if a year from now i was like why
didn't i just like open up those two packs a day and just like collect cards and maybe there's gonna
be you know maybe i'll be thankful that i did what'll actually happen is i'll probably get
two into it spend way too much money already being heavily invested in marvel snap sort of
be spread thin on digital card games which is not a place i want to be but it's a place i see myself
uh but yes i do think you know if you're interested in card games if you like marvel snap
you're thinking about pokemon pocket join us on discord we have a room uh where we uh chat and we
share stuff we have an alliance in marvel snap so yeah i may check it out smoke i may uh download
yeah game on and um we might have to uh you can trade cards is one thing you can't do in marvel
snap that i think it'll be kind of fun in oh i'm in like doubles and stuff that you have with other
people and so um it's gonna be it's gonna be a big yeah exactly and like i guess i think it's a good
digital community and i already know what's cream team that's there's already a digital community
of us playing games i think yeah you get an ecosystem like that going whether you're putting
money in or not it's just gonna be a good good time pass here and what's the worst i could ask
man it's just a mobile game true i agree well i'm sorry that happened to you today and mad yeah
yeah oh yeah yeah i forgot about sorry yeah no that does suck yeah it's a down day i don't have
those cards but still a dark day doesn't matter can't get him now get it out of my face get
not it no we back in need to go that guy look up not do modern pro tour he's a bird with everyone
played this deck how many bird wizards are a problem a lot usually they're soldiers or wizards
there's a lot okay never mind yeah this is actually quite a bit it's quite a few um yeah all right
smoke thank you brother thanks for calling me as always i appreciate you supporting the show thanks man
yeah hang on players bye all right see bud uh electric man uh is on the line and then we've
got dr pie and then jake will be our last caller electric man's got an idea for a wedding location
make said to hear this electric man you're on call cast what's going on what's going on fellas how we
doing all right hey very good thanks for calling what's happening you got an idea for a potential
wedding yeah yeah you know you know congrats on all that it's great thank you so much good to hear
when someone's making that step in their life that's a great thing it's taking me long enough yes
um you know i think we're all kind of riveted in this you know this p-ditty freak out fallout
this is what i would like to call it you know you got multiple celebrities that have been the
ties have been coming up you know i think i've seen opera in the past days i've seen you know jaylo
kevin heart steve harvey and the list the list is going on and not with this guy it's you know
hollywood's gotta be shaken with the kind of stuff that's coming out i'm half joking but i'm
also half serious sir but if we're going to use this to our advantage all right your advantage
not mine i'm not going to be there you know uh sure i think there's a potential to maybe dig up
some blackmail and use this for a potential wedding location okay you being in la you know where
these guys live you know okay i can scout out the real estate you know what i mean so if there's
a change that we can blackmail on these celebrities and say like hey i'm not going to release this
but i need your house for about the whole for the weekend with with the staff i see what you're
saying have the wedding you know what i mean i think there's a way we could could use this
because i mean other than that we go maybe to like deal a celebrity and you got to have this
wedding at you know in kevin's rv in the middle of the desert that's a great point i mean look how
extensive what just one of p ditty mansions is that would be yes an absolutely fantastic
wedding location so you're saying electric man i've got to get my hands on one of the freak off
tapes first i think that or hold build up a bluff you know maybe you get a little something here
and there build up the bluff enough to where like hey we're gonna pay you off maybe here's a couple
grand be like no i need your house for the weekend you know it could be p ditty it could be
you know but any another celebrities are going to be involved in this you know just looking out for
your right usher usher who's who's deleted his entire twitter presence uh who seems to be
distancing himself a lot of people are saying maybe even jz's on the chopping block i don't know if
you've seen this video case an electric man but there's a video of p ditty sitting with i think his
daughter and just going through a list of celebrity names with the oh my god with this with the sort
of like idea that he is saying to all these celebrities i got your asses and he's just reading off
celebrity after celebrity justin beaver chanting tate or whoever and and and it's not really explained
to why he's doing it but people are saying oh these are celebrities that he has like blackmail on
did he do this recently or like a while ago uh i think it was a while ago but it's sort of like him
letting them know in a very public way like i got you you cross me
i got i come back tenfold you know i've got the tape i've got your ass and it's really weird because
he's got i think it's his daughter if not it's even weirder because there's a little girl there but
he's just sort of like doing it and and he's saying the name and then she's repeating it
that's the one right there yeah i mean i haven't muted but this it's showing you the names he's
saying yeah yeah drake ira what's the kill oh my god this is yeah yeah did he give any context in the
video for what he just goes out he rips it off i i have yet to see anything that shows context
it just seems like he's he thinks he's being slick you know weird like we'll like maybe this was
years ago and and he's he feels so untouchable or that he feels quote unquote touchable so he
feels the need to like let people know that if you fuck with me i got your ass and and not just you
i've got all these people and um it's very sort of it's got a very sinister vibe to it i don't
like it have you guys seen the breakfast club video this one i'll i can give you audio for
it's really short honestly i think i think i should call that the other day but is it him with
champagne but um yeah the compilation nah i was i was coming off of being in my army and
oh this isn't even crazy how deep it goes but i don't know i don't play don't play
so here this is audio of p diddy so you won't be able to hear this electric man but
we'll we'll explain what he says this is audio of him in a party
this is a p diddy in a party
that was just scrambling and scraping and shit daddy
oh my god is what he says i mean it's very short but it's just like such a weird
it's very weird that he played that charlomane plays it on the show
it's right this whole thing is so weird and it and every conspiracy theory that i see on
tiktok seems plausible to me you know it's like that's the problem because i don't buy into a lot of
her crap yeah yeah i don't buy into a lot of it but this is like this it's kind of like the
lifestyle these people have i feel like like yeah diddy's one of those guys were like no one's like
really close friends with him it just like he's that guy who's got the hook up like oh i want to
go a good time like i'll hook up with diddy and he'll tell me where to go or i'll just go to
one of his parties and it'll be cool it's something to do and then then he's got you you know then
they're drinking then they're drinking the orange juice with you know get some all roofied up or
whatever whatever has been going on with that and you know then he's got cameras everywhere it's
it's weird i mean something like that can you like completely possible case can you pull up
the video of him padding justin beaver for a wire i think yeah i'll put it on also cast i think
you might be doubled because you still have the onus mic on just a heads up i just muted it a whole
place better but we've said this before is like these guys who are this rich jz being a billionaire
it's like i do i really do believe there is no way you can become a billionaire no one is afraid of
getting into some sinister stuff uh stepping on people
fucking people over potentially murdering people like i don't know this is this is p diddy
meeting justin beaver and he's clearly checking him for a wire you'll have to play it one more time
and he's in his ear and you can see him sort of padding it's sort of asking him are you wearing a
wire and justin beaver looks down and he goes no what do you mean yeah beaver also gave an interview
this week or maybe last week i don't i've just seen clips from it this week where he kind of talks
about he doesn't want his daughter to have to go through what he went through or his son i clearly
know very little about justin beaver but it honestly is pretty sad i don't know how good of a guy
beaver himself is but it seems like he really has kind of been pretty washed by the industry
well you think i'll crazy this or what he was only a young teenager when he was with diddy
and then you know did he was adapting to like those young random white like kids girls and
lord knows what else he was you know trying to do with like younger people just in general
but um no it's it's it's clearly messed up and i guess what i'm saying is i need you to you
know we're just saying you know you can't get rich without you know you know
be a billionaire without stepping on some people and doing some crazy stuff very good
saying is you might have to step on a celebrity to get a good venue
you're right and i'm not above that i will absolutely if it's gonna make my baby happy
my future wife but wifey wants so wifey gets that's right electric man thank you so much
for calling in brother i really appreciate it thanks for supporting the show yeah no problem have a
good one all right have a good night um we've got uh dr pie and then jacob um and then that'll be uh
that'll be the show quick reminder while i have you guys here Wednesday we've got a patreon and
that's when we also start our watch along for the vince mcman documentary on netflix so i don't
know okay case you if you haven't started it or are interested we'll be there um if you
think about playing katie perry's video then discussing p ditty and then vince mcman it's
like man our culture is in a pretty place right now we're fucked up 100 um dr pie uh welcome to
call cash you're wondering about old california on videos uh what's going on welcome to call cas
how are you hey there so i think i've asked you about this a little bit in the past but like uh
you know i i don't know what other question i'm first of all i'm super glad to be here
super honored to be here just you know in lieu of glitch gone that's i thought i would see you there
was looking for you everywhere but i understand why you wouldn't be there and everything in the future
you go on to do and i respect it no twitch con my oh okay i was i was wondering if people
are calling it glitch con because of what happened there um did you go to twitch con
yeah i did and there was a picketing outside of twitch con too for the help and oh wow
well you were picketing for what they wanted better pay no i wasn't picketing but the hilton
employees were picketing oh i see right outside the conference center yeah
well you think i mean yeah is there any way you're a sorry yeah i was just gonna say it's tough
because that hotel right there by the convention center gets comma con and now twitch con and and
those hotel like when you go to that hilton um it is a fucking zoo in there and it is not it's
like whatever a normal hotel would experience times 10 for at least three days and so of course those
guys are like we're tired of this fucking shit these guys don't pay well they all stink it's like
black friday all day and we're we don't get a fucking scent more for it so good for them i'm happy but
go ahead they couldn't have picked a better time yeah i mean you know they're all publicized all
over from twitch con they couldn't have picked a better time to do it yeah yeah good i'm glad but
also so your street music by the way um is there any way you'll ever do something like that with
nice peter ever again uh i don't think so um you know but i'm i don't think it's like ever out of the
question it's just like nice peter generally like he is an in studio guy and and likes making music
in the safety and comfort of his studio i think whenever we went out there um it was always
and rightfully so it was always like a little bit of like uh this is strange and uncomfortable and um
so but i think he overall like enjoyed the process but i i don't think there's any
recent ago revisit that stuff i mean he's got a fucking business that he's running and he's got
a family and kids like we're we're not trying to grow our youtube channels in the same way you
know what i mean like it's not uh oh i get it it's not you know we're not young bucks anymore
with all the time like when i met peter he was just an um a comedian uh musician sleeping on people's
couches that literally would just like work day and night to just get you know to get better or
whatever it is he was doing um and he was down for whatever you know and and i don't think if you
had amazing together so well i appreciate that thing we had a lot of fun and early youtube was
definitely a vibe for sure but uh yeah i don't know if he said hey want to go do one of these i
probably would but i but to be honest like you know i i don't know how much i would want to go
out there and do that anyways it was it was really all him he was the musician i was just uh
doing some sort of like stupid observational thing but i appreciate the question and can i
ask another big question that's kind of like it's a little bit personal but you can just deny the
question if you don't want it but it's about your mcn and it's nothing like to point anything at
anybody i respect you and everything you've ever done man but congrats by the way on going to
disney that was amazing news amazing news but um okay so are you still friends with uh everybody in
the mcn and all those uh channels that were under you and helped you or you know you both helped
each other like are you still friends with all of them i mean there's some people like i chat
with occasionally but like you know we're coming up on 15 years ago uh wow yeah so it's like i don't
talk to a lot of those some some folks i do but it's like it's kind of like when you you're in
high school you go to college with someone and then 15 years later you're like do you still
hang or talk to those folks like some people you do and some people you don't it's just because
people are they grow up you know um i will tell you this i'm not i don't have any bad blood with anybody
and um i don't know if that's the case with everyone if they feel that about me but i for sure
don't and i don't think there was there was you know it's like one of those things like in the facebook
movie uh going into business at that scale with your friends will always uh for the most part
like change the relationship so great and how much did you know me personally from the whole thing if
you don't mind answering you don't have to i was just curious oh i won't answer that uh but it's
definitely not as much as people think i'll let you know the dr pi i didn't make fucking anything
from that so the case made zero from it and i'm upset i'm fucking pissed about that yeah yeah
that's sorry to hear that i'm really in yeah whatever i mean great talking to you though
thank you so thank you so much dr pi thanks for calling in i appreciate you supporting the show
we're here every monday so if you want to call back uh you got anything you want to get off your chest
we'll be here and uh next if you call it next i'll tell you how much i made okay i call ten
times you get the inside scoop yeah yeah yeah uh all right last caller this is uh bro scape
needs answers from kasm okay why's everyone got so many questions for me today i uh i don't know what's
like you're a well-known public figure cast this is ridiculous well i use maybe i used to be maybe
these are everyone's going down nostalgia road here what what's up bro scape well welcome to call
cast hey hey thank you kasm uh yeah first of all before i started my questions i just want to
i've been a huge fan of you dude watched you since i was uh you know young kid when i was young and i
see like they yeah i haven't seen you in a while and the honestly the years uh have been rough to
you i would say you don't believe you know you don't have that usefulness anymore to you
uh it's quite unfortunate but i guess it you know it's just it's just life you know and i guess
must be left for you a car reminder but but anyways moving to my question if you don't mind
i would come home every day on a thursday and watch uh the kasm show what you had going on with the
cash in kasm show was amazing the characters the story uh the whole convivial feeling of it
the guests you brought in it was honestly convivial convivial what's convivial mean i
think it's time i learned this word yeah sure it's like a friendly like atmosphere like if you walk
into a room it smells like mother's cooking then it would be convivial yeah okay like uh
warm comfortable are you talking about this show that's playing now is it this show the backyard
vibe no oh no no one like this show uh you're talking about ass kasm not the kasm show which was
a different you're talking about ass the one that was animated and green screened and all that
green screen do you know who i am and what i did no i think the show was called the
show you're talking about in your backyard with your dog in the woodland corner with your brother
yeah yeah that's the show he just showed you there that was just what was on the screen with the
air stream and the grass this this show yeah okay oh yeah no i'm not watching this stream oh no we're
oh you're not okay all right okay all right i'm sorry yes uh i'm glad to hear you say that because
most people this was sort of like a come uh not a comeback but it was just like i i took a
break and then i came back with this show and we really liked it this is the show that i always
tell case about um where i hired a family uh some actors to play my family and uh i did family vlogs
and then we sort of we did this talk show as a front door to write this really weird story about
this fake family that i had and my kids getting abducted by a puppet and it had a lot a lot of
really cool lore um yeah but most people i either didn't find it and when they did just
thought it was a regular podcast like it was it was fine i still really love it and i'm happy
to have the the opportunity to make it but i had a lot of great folks and if case was around back
then we could have we probably could still be making it i imagine but uh yeah i appreciate that i uh i
take a lot of pride in the stuff that we did on that show no that that was gold honestly it was
some of the best comedy you know i've ever seen um but why do you unlist episodes uh you i did
unlist them some uh there was so what happened was the music that we used since i am no longer
part of the network that edited it i don't have the music licenses so a lot of those episodes
got demonetized or taken down because of copyright stuff uh i mean okay so yeah it makes sense but where
can i find it like you can't introduce people to gold and just take it away well that i hear you uh
i hear you man and trust me i i wish that wasn't the case i really do i i want people to be able
to see it i just um i would have to like re upload them somewhere i guess so uh it's got to find the
right thread on nude africa dot com and then that's right it'll all be there i do i'm just saying
think about doing a supercut of it all but that would require work internet archive has tons of
yeah so i guess you can find some of it on internet archive that's where all my
shit that i wish wasn't out uh is available so yeah go check it out there cool check it out yeah
and now also before i leave you um there's a really good uh topical cream called trep
noan it's very like usefulness that might help uh whatever you sure because i look so old
yeah yeah you could definitely do something about that uh you know but uh what's it called
uh trep noan it's a topical face cream uh you do have to get a prescription for it but you
could just hit me up and i'll see what i can do okay are you a dermatologist or
uh we're just a trep melon dealer they were live oh yeah i'm a yeah certified dermo that's what we
call each other oh okay cool yeah okay great yeah yeah i um look i had terrible acne as a kid and
i'm a recovering addict so all those things and then the amount of stress about getting married
all that stuff compounds and what you get is the man before you hear so uh i appreciate
you going soft and easy on me tonight mm-hmm yeah of course and you know you still have
i don't know how many years left but you know do what you can with them
really kind that you made years plural there they yeah thank you i think i've got a handful and
i'm gonna make the most of them and uh appreciate the you know you should call every week and just
sort of remind me of my own mortality bro skate yeah it's very helpful yeah i'll try to catch the next
week uh but can we uh before we end every uh you know cast them and jake up a little segment
can we do a hairline check up and just to see if you're like receding more or less oh sure yeah who's
jake up is that who cases okay no that's me i would be or jake oh i see i see oh your job i was just
calling you bro scape okay yeah we're going um all right here's my hairline hang on ready
it's pretty good so i'm honestly pretty solid it's got a little bit of a widow's peak happening
oh yeah it's yeah you're not terrible you know that's pretty thick it's not terrible i don't have
a major bald spot um which you know as a male in my family generally at my age would already be
uh halfway through his his balding so i i'm somehow have scarred that but at the expense of every other
sort of you know things bad vision crooked teeth acne you know all that stuff so all right okay jake
up call me next week and remind me that i'm just uh mortal human being that's just around for a
little while i gotta make the most of it okay yeah we'll do we'll do guys okay thank you brother
have a great night you're calling all right you too brother
wow you know i'm so happy that people get to call uh and they're not forced into having to make me
feel good no they can do the opposite they can say well you can say whatever you want yeah
to me and that's great advice for dealing with any celebrity or media figure you like is just tell
them sort of the problems that they have physically yeah sort of just upfront i'm gonna end this stream
and i'm gonna go straight to bed and think about everything that jake upset to me that's how you
know it was a good stream because you're you're tired really really good stream um and i hope you guys
uh had a good one i want to give a big shout out to fiona who came in i think she's gone
big shout out to fiona for showing up and uh giving us an update on the chaos that is her life
that was really fun and and thank you all for calling in i know it's just been one stream a
week for a little while but technically we do a patreon on wednesday so join us
wednesday in case we'll do a podcast we'll get through the weeks news and then after
we're gonna start our watch along of the vince bickman documentary on netflix which is what
you guys voted on exclamation point uh patreon we'll get you there it's five bucks a month you get four
pods a week a month sorry and some watch alongs it's a good time if you need a group of people to hang
with and then if not you want a free place to hang go to our discord exclamation point discord join
us there if you're interested in any of that magic the gathering or marvel snap or pokemon pocket
talk that we had going on hot pocket talk join us on the discord we also have uh all kinds of other
rooms and threads going on that will cover any interest you have big shout out to the creamies
thank you all for the uh subscriptions case we'll be streaming this week are you streaming tomorrow
case should be on tomorrow i guess i'm technically the last creamer standing if you need a cream
team stream you have no choice you have to come to me sport case uh every time you stream in and
i will do my best to get there whenever i'm not uh doing podcasts for other people
i'm actually having fun i'll i'll describe a little bit more about uh what we're doing on
Wednesday but if you want to see an episode that i produced that case is in look up cringe court
episode two on youtube it's available now case is great in it he plays a stenographer on a podcast
where um some uh real popular and fun tick tock uh influencers and and uh content creators are
reacting to some of the wildest yeah there it is wildest uh videos available to me on my tick tock
algorithm because that's where i'm getting and i'm sort of in the background okay you're in the
background but you are doing um more than most so i uh i urge you to go check it out it's a great
easy hang watch people watch fun videos that's what we do on my stream anyway so thank you dank sauce
for giving a sub to moon grave 89 major psycho thanks for the follow crowbin moon grave thanks for the follow
um and everyone that came to support should we raid someone are you gonna are you gonna stream it
all right now case i don't think i can tonight but uh i do have to thank the subs who managed to sub to
me yeah please i can do after you pop off if you want to cast all right i'll i'll uh pop off
and uh i will see you guys very soon i'll see you wednesday yeah sounds good all right everyone so long
see you guys whoa that's loud all right everybody it's almost it for me as well
i'm live in this weird room is the idea but thank you to lord servo for the 23 months uh smoke packs
for the raid uh we have a square the one bit i gotta call it out for this at least true blue 91ers
thanks for the 23 24 months we're at the two years we finally did it skimer 100 bits thanks so
much goblin punk thanks for the follow as well as yud hood zero and no clean music uh reverie
will thank you for all 23 months of your incredible support our roo uh dank sauce thank you so much
for the 23 months and i think that'll do it for the night let's uh raid off my little channel as well
raiding oh my god i forgot you have the power technically even on this stream to do it although
you can only vote in my channel how many more hours should case stream this is i think um more
so for my whole lifetime so exclamation point oh is how you how is how you let me know
when i should really give up the ghost and and finally stop streaming forever
is how i'll just take the uh i'll take the result here vote now let's raid nomi uh gnome pro i still
always want to say nomi pro gnome pro endless always streaming two minutes who right now
69 and two minutes are the only votes exclamation point one through five is how you vote there
you can only vote for about 20 more seconds uh the raid has been created we're sending you
gnome pros away the natural enemy of the matla dels of the universe thanks for hanging out with us
tonight we'll be back next week maybe with a guest you never know and uh looks like i have about
69 hours of streaming left in me which is perfect i gotta i maybe i can find a job in those 69
hours so thank you for your 69 hours of support after these two years of occasional streaming
stop right so breaches channel someday to watch japanese wrestling you know i raided her the
other day and i was like oh shit this is what uh they're streaming perfect i left it on for a
while but usually right after streaming i i have to towel off for a while because i'm just so
intense on stream that actually i sweat through all of my clothes and it's actually a snapchat
filter that makes me look dry just if you want to know my routine okay looks like we are sending
you gnome pros away have a great night i will be on tomorrow but i don't know when uh because
because of other works but i should be on for like two hours tomorrow tomorrow as usual and if not
it's only because i fucked up all right bye everybody have a great night we'll see you later bye