I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, let's do it.
Hello everybody.
Good to see you coming here live from sunny Los Angeles, America.
We're live.
We're going to the movies today, nice.
It's always good when this feels like the first time I've looked in the mirror for the day.
Like, I go live on the show.
Like, I didn't shave.
I got to bring you that raw masculine hairy news.
Pepito working a double shift.
Yeah.
We do have the Patreon coming up right after this, so we'll be getting out of here before 6.
So about the same length that I always stream, which is not that long.
Good to see everybody.
Matt Liddell, Huey Keuler.
Daddy Tasty.
Zero, great to see you propaganda.
Thomas of 43920.
I'm safe for now.
I don't see any risks.
We can take a look at the... we're going to cover a little bit of fire news.
You can see the rough area I'm in versus where the fires are.
Pepito, are you safe?
I think you just talking a little bit.
You're safe though?
Yeah, yeah, I'm probably safe.
I'm probably safe.
Are the fires even that bad?
Is a fire even a dangerous thing?
I don't think the fires are that bad.
As far as I know, they'll be contained soon enough.
The winds are dying down.
I think, you know, it's been a tragedy so far, but...
I'm sure LA hasn't underfunded its fire department or...
Our entire infrastructure is decaying.
I bet it'll be good.
Okay, well, as long as everybody feels...
Feels like we got it covered.
Then I'll stop fighting the fire.
What were you doing before?
This is sort of rushing around.
I saw a hot thing. I had to lick it.
I don't even get safe.
I mean, my tongue tasted like burning,
which was a new flavor for me.
And I liked it.
Stop doing that.
No.
I tried.
Did Pepito start the fire?
I don't know.
I don't know.
Maybe.
Maybe.
Well, what starts it?
Wind?
Everybody's always said I'm full of fucking gas, maybe.
Because of the gastrointestinal issues
that you maybe go see that awful guy in the coat for?
The vet?
I thought that was like your drug dealer.
No, that's a vet.
Also, he said it's abnormal that you talk.
What did he know?
He's just a fucking drug dealer.
No, he's a vet.
Well, just a drug dealer for dogs, then.
Anyway, more or less, it's fine here.
It's a little smoky out, as you can see from this
live feed of Los Angeles.
That auto corrects itself to always be daytime.
Will come in strong with the hold my beer moment.
Will Neff?
I'm running through the wills, I know.
It's just a little smoke.
It really does smell like fire everywhere.
Everywhere smells like there's a fire,
because it turns out there is, in fact, a fire.
Look in with where the fire is.
Not that.
Looks like you're using an ad blocker.
Our top news from CBS.
Here's our live fire map courtesy of four news Los Angeles.
Will Smith, yeah, maybe Will Smith.
So here's the fire.
All these dots represent fire.
It's very all over the place.
There's also a fire over here and fire over here.
So there's, and they guess a fire over here in Rancho Cucamonga.
But the one that's closest to me,
well, these are the ones that are close to me.
What's not on fire?
The are beautiful, barely informed studio.
As far as I know.
Capito, can you confirm?
It's a little on fire.
What?
It's a normal amount on fire.
The same as usual.
Okay, it's probably under control.
CBS shut up.
Anyway, Topanga is kind of the area that's closest to me.
I'm more up in this area.
I'm on the other side of this highway.
So as long as the powerful protection of this highway keeps me from burning.
You'll also notice though, like this is the greenest area.
Oh, you're in the same area. Nice.
Yeah, I'm in the valley basically.
Well, I'm basically as in I'm in the valley.
So currently, I think we're far enough away that we're probably fine.
The winds are supposed to be dying down.
Stonetown, thank you so much for the sub.
Appreciate it. 25 months.
Just docks myself.
If you're willing to explore this whole area, then you will find me.
Just explore somewhere in this area that I'm circling and you will find my ass.
I'm a valley girl for sure.
That's why I got that teenage voice permanently.
Anyway, there's a lot of fires.
It's super windy.
It is very ominous out the sky is filled with smoke.
I shouldn't have said the word ominous.
If I wanted to protect myself from a hype train,
I should have never said the word ominous, but I guess it's too late now.
You know it's too late.
Everybody's already debate.
Because the hype train is here to drop some opposite of hate.
My pupils can get so big.
Why do they do that?
It's fun.
Oh, baby.
I'm sorry.
The strong start to the stream is always...
It's cold as shit over here, not a firing sight.
I wish there was, because of all this cold snow.
All the cold snow that's always around.
You know what I mean?
My voice is too sorely right now.
I got some people to thank for keeping this fire going.
Your subs and hype are empowering the LA fires to grow even stronger.
No, they're not doing that chat.
Don't worry.
They've killed two people.
It's not really a good thing.
The fires are getting more powerful than the peace of Earth.
They're not.
Well, they are, but not from this.
You can't prove that.
Thanks so much to everybody and to daddy for giving me a gift in tier one.
I'm really thankful for the 20, the 6 months, Apple Dappleday,
for the hot 100 bits, for telling me it's just a little bit of life.
Yeah, maybe just a little bit of life today.
I'm a little bit alive today.
Protect Jeb's dad? He's the most at risk of all.
I don't know if Jeb's actually in LA.
I'm not sure where he's remoting from.
I'm not even looking at your basement.
I don't really go down there.
Pepino, is he in the basement?
Yep. That's where everybody goes.
That's where everybody is.
You sure?
No.
Uh, hype train, thanks.
Stand by.
Don't stand down.
I guess we'll do a little bit of news.
That's me, Pepino.
Why is this up?
Oh, this is from the election coverage.
That's the live feed of the Capitol behind me.
Sorry, I'm just checking in with the Capitol
to make sure it's not on fire.
SuperTector, sweet President Day.
Which one is it still?
It's still by...
Oh, I'm back.
What the fuck, he's so fast.
Eat the bits, yeah.
Thank you, Mighty Oz, for the 200 bits.
Thank you for all the support, as always.
The Capitol will be on fire soon, yeah.
Just give it...
What is it now? 25th?
Only...
17 days?
That took me too long to do that math.
Do you have a live feed of the casket?
That is where Joe Biden plans on retiring.
Unfortunately.
Straight into a casket.
Let's do a little bit of news.
Let's talk about the fire, and I'm sure there's other stuff going on.
It's news time.
It's still hard to drive it.
Don't let them take it from you.
Finally, back in the saddle, everybody.
You meant Carter?
That does make more sense.
In case you missed it because you were busy flapping or whatever?
What, you mean fapping?
Well, no, flapping.
Because you're so bad at jerking off that you just flap around your penis like a dying bird.
But anyway, Jimmy Carter did die.
Thoughts and prayers to one of the American presidents.
Honestly, one of my favorite retired presidents.
He kind of actually got out of politics.
He was like, yeah, the country's in a pretty bad state, and I have no need to say otherwise.
But as a president, that's slandered against the dead.
How dare you?
He looked ready to go and went, yeah, I mean, I think he'd been in hospice care for over a year.
I think he might have been in hospice care for like two years.
You know how we can settle this?
Looking at any of the coverage of it.
No, that's yesterday's presidential death news.
We're looking forward to the presidential news of tomorrow.
Which probably doesn't involve...
I think you can't say too much.
I don't finish too many of these sentences.
Make a good call.
You heard he was bad.
Some people said he was bad.
Like, Case, who is just rubbing salt in the wound of the recent passing.
I didn't bring... you brought it up.
I don't know...
Technically, Chap brought it up.
The speed limit thing was crazy.
Wasn't he sort of the beginning of the...
Button, button, tighten those belts and let's do some early neoliberalism.
Not early, he was just ushering in.
It's kind of lighting the signal fire for the forthcoming neoliberalism.
That Reagan turned into a full LA fire of neoliberalism.
Oh my God, Case is saying there were neoliberalism.
What a surprise, the hype has ended.
The next he's gonna say late stage capitalism and we can all just completely take an app.
Yeah.
Anyway, great to see everybody. What's going on in the world today?
Is it smoky out? Yeah, half of a ton of LA is on fire.
Oh!
I'm in the part of LA where I'm too rich for that to happen.
No, the rich parts of LA are burning too.
The parts I'm in?
You probably noticed this morning.
But I've got money, so...
What can happen?
Well, it turns out if you kind of neglect the infrastructure of an entire city,
eventually even the wealthy are gonna notice as their houses burn.
Also, though, who knows if even if we had great infrastructure, if you could stop this,
it's extremely windy and very dry.
Money isn't flammable? Yeah, I mean...
I mean, if I have a lot, sometimes I'll use it as kindling.
Oh shit, that does mean it's flammable.
Jeff, you need to adjust some of the decisions you're making in your life, I think.
Really? Because these golden beards suggest I don't...
The beard's black. Oh, hair? Sure.
It burns pretty colors, exactly, so you know it's real.
You don't burn a couple hundred bucks every once in a while just to make sure you've got real hundreds everywhere?
No. Hmm. I guess that's a me thing.
Yes. All right, well, let's look at the map.
Let's check in with the map.
Yes. Oh, you already did this, though.
The wildfires are indeed burning.
I have the CBS news that won't let me...
Oh my gosh, your ad blocker is out of control case. Just get rid of it.
It's not worth it anymore.
The news doesn't like it.
Okay, anyway, you're not probably in LA if you're watching this,
unless you're one of our beloved LA viewers.
But the Pacific Palisades fire, burns in Los Angeles,
and fire kills five, unfortunately.
It is legitimately pretty spooky out here in Los Angeles right now.
Don't want to underplay it. Well, you already did.
Yeah, but now I won't.
Oh my god, this site is terrible.
What to know about the Los Angeles fires in California?
Windstorm? Why is this so big up here?
I'll just read this tiny section under it.
Multiple fires burning in Los Angeles County on Wednesday prompted evacuation orders
and damage more than 1,000 structures.
Five people, unfortunately, are dead.
The Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department confirmed to CBS
the Palisades fire exploded in size as powerful winds hit northwest Los Angeles,
forcing the evacuation of at least 30,000 residents
in the affluent community of Pacific Palisades.
The Eatonhurst Linda and Woodley fires are also burning.
And also if you live here, occasionally your phone goes
Nyeeerrrrrrrrrr
and then you're like, oh shit, do I have to leave?
And it's like, nah, you don't live in West Topanga, so then you just don't.
Yeah, that's been my experience so far, okay.
Salazar launches burning shit out of catapults at his own walls all day,
but the castle never burns down.
Well, that was that classic Spanish Transylvanian construction.
That's lost technology.
We don't know how to use mortar that doesn't burn anymore.
Well you know, lots of the city's not on fire, I guess we could take that as a win.
Which parts? Well the city parts are... well most of the city parts.
I've just seen some pretty wild aerial views of the fires. Can we find those? Oh my gosh,
case you're not even signed into X. You're not even signed into Yikes.
One second everybody. If I want to find these LA fire videos.
Oh also the internet keeps going out so that could happen at any time today.
In case you haven't seen this view from the plane yet, this is fairly...
This is your view if you're flying in or out of Los Angeles.
They're like wait a minute. Isn't that a major city next to that raging fire?
Yes. Yes that is the la... that is pretty central parts of Los Angeles.
Right next to places where people live. It's pretty bad.
A lot of those are probably houses on fire.
And because it's up in the hills it's expensive properties burning.
Yep. You drop 10 million dollars on a house and then you're like oh shit it's in the woods.
Yes. Scary. Looks like the beginning of demolition man. Does that mean we're finally going to get to
stop having sex and start having computer sex? I think we're ahead of the curve on that one.
I think society's already there. Oh great. Well then why won't my wife leave me alone?
Do you not like having sex with your wife? No I do. Honey, I apologize.
I took a stab at something. And you know what that's like.
Now I'm making jokes about having sex with her.
I would just stop. What else is going on? Um stuff.
We got the three shells exactly. Yes the three shells. I've always wondered.
Wait that was a bathroom thing right? Which could make it a sex thing?
I can't remember the three shells. Yeah the three shells was for taking a shit.
I guess it must have been it must have controlled some kind of advanced
you know what's the word the thing that shoots up your butt?
A what the toilet water gun? Yeah sorry that's the French term for the thing that shoots water up
your ass the toilet water gun. I've always wanted a good French toilet water gun.
Yeah a loo of toilet paper. Why do I want to say duvet because our brains don't work very well?
Oh I forgot. You hope Kasim's mansion is safe? Well I will be able to confirm it.
Six I'd assume he wouldn't want to do the patreon tonight if his place was on fire
and also knowing where he lives it doesn't look like it is although we're all we're all
everyone in LA is currently closer to a fire than they'd like to be I'll put it that way.
I think Kasim and I are both in a similar position of of we're unlikely uh to to
have to deal with any fire stuff but what the fuck what's going on here can I even show this?
Sorry I scrolled down on Twitter and immediately got distracted. What the fuck is this?
Think I I open my think I what's going on with Doja Cat? It's the back side of someone
that could be masturbating but they're in total silhouette. There's a lot going on in the
world but this has my full attention. Is it a kid? Is it that fucking producer that's dating Selena Gomez?
I can't remember his name but he does seem like he's about that size.
Kaisen at at it again. Benny Blanco yeah I'm just gonna I'm gonna confirm that this is Benny Blanco
or they're married yeah okay we're officially confirming that Benny Blanco was masturbating
in the back of Doja Cat's uh Instagram live. You're confirming? Um you're confirming I'm not
no Jeff confirmed it. No I don't stop it. Benny the bull look her life seems interesting yeah I mean
she's a big celebrity I'm sure all sorts of stuff's going on around her. I didn't confirm it. I think
did I well shit I guess I confirmed it all right it's confirmed the breaking news Benny Blanco
is masturbating behind Doja Cat could be as we speak. All right well what else was going on? Oh
wait the Trump wants to own all the countries can we find that? Trump apparently wants Greenland and
Canada. Uh I can't assure you. So let's I guess check in with our beloved previous president,
beloved future president. I don't know if we all agreed that he was beloved at any point well
I think some people agreed at least because he's president again he's about to be. You got a
herpes commercial so I had to sub. Thank you to the herpes commercial for inspiring
Sadi Bottom Boy TV. Sincerely appreciate both the herpes commercial and the sub. A microphone
no I don't know if they actually did some but microphone 900 thank you so much for the 25 months
and Sagi Bottom Boys thanks for the first time chat and Panama in the Gulf of Mexico yeah
and I you know I think at some point he also just threw the European Union in there.
Sagi Bottom Boys TV inspired by the power of herpes with the two-month sub thank you so
much Sagi Bottom Boys TV one of my favorite bands one of my least favorite states state of
pant you don't like Sagi Bottom pants I just hate it when I got a real wet ankle
how often does that come up depends are you wearing adult diapers
no I just I need to work on my on my joke making ability you know I just I'm bad at reading jokes
can we just watch what the president can we watch the president say crazy things
we're back baby it's 2016 again aren't you excited here we go
Panama and Greenland no I can't assure you on either of those two but I can say this
we need them for economic security the Panama Canal was built for our military
I'm not going to commit to that now it might be that you'll have to do something
look the Panama Canal is vital to our country it's being operated by China China
and we gave the Panama Canal to Panama we didn't give it to China
and they've abused it they've abused that gift it should have never been made by the way
giving the Panama Canal is why Jimmy Carter lost the election in my opinion
maybe the hostages the hostages were a big deal but if you remember nobody wants to talk about
the Panama Canal now because you know it's inappropriate I guess but because it's a bad part of
of the Carter legacy but he was a good man look he was a good man I know him a little bit
and he was a very fine person but that was a big mistake giving the Panama Canal to Panama was
a very big mistake we lost 38,000 people it cost us the equivalent of a trillion dollars maybe more
than probably the most expensive they say it was the most expensive structure if we call it a
structure which I guess you can in a country that we apparently owe and giving that away was a
horrible thing and I believe that's why Jimmy Carter lost the election even more so than the
hostages those two things you don't even need binoculars you look outside you have China ships
China ships all over the place you have Russian ships all over the place we're not letting that
happen we're not letting it happen and if Denmark wants to get to a conclusion but nobody knows if
they even have any right title or interest the people are going to probably vote for independence
or to come into the United States but if they did if they did do that then I would tariff Denmark at
a very high level so we're sort of back to are we back to doing colonialism this news is
funding I could check in with democracy now well first of all we never stopped but
um I doubt Trump's going to be able to annex Greenland or Canada or the Panama Canal thing
is interesting I mean that was a huge wedge issue in the Carter administration seemed like that was
really a resolved issue though but I mean I guess it would have to be what it I mean we got
didn't we get rid of it because it was expensive I can't remember trying to reach back into your
first grade history book text there I don't know if they cover that first grade exterminator thank
you for the 26 months uh where will he stop great question I mean it's just weird with Trump
because I you know I remember 2016 oh my god you remember eight years ago yeah and I remember
him saying a bunch of crazy shit before he got into office last time so it's hard to take everything
he says with a grain of salt because he is the president or about to be but also he just says
so much crazy shit it's great that we're right back in this back in this mess that we were in for
four years before we we did it America we really did uh this country people say no we can't stop it
stop just stop all of it and we say nope actually we're gonna terrify you that's the new great
conquering force in this world tariffs we don't need your products that we don't make here anymore
we're America damn it and you can't put a price on us owning other countries that we've decided we
want again they called it used to call it the Louisiana purchase now we're calling it just give it
over here the purchase give us that give us your country please and we'll make it make other countries
America again they weren't America in the first place well anyway what I said was very inspirational
is America gonna be literal land of the free and the home of everyone isn't this the
isn't a big trumpet part of trumps based kind of anti-globalists no they don't know what that means
make wars worldwide again I just I don't know I have to imagine this just being a thing that doesn't
go anywhere I don't know why Panama would without some kind of armed conflict give up control over
that canal I mean it's got to be extremely lucrative it's like one of the most essential shipping
lanes or the most essential shipping lane at least on this hemisphere uh so assuming it has to make
them tons of money I'm sure it's expensive to operate as well but I guess maybe we could just apply
I don't know this I this is where you would need someone who actually understands global politics to
really tell if this is just bluster again I don't know it's that unsettling feeling of oh yeah that
guy's gonna keep saying stuff like this for four years manifest these nuts that's how you
fucking take over a place hey don't take our country really manifest these nuts America's back baby
lily on a nose I'm having checking with lily on it but Jeff get out here lily on any um thoughts on
this well um I mean on my experience old white guys do say stuff like we should just take over
this country and kind of say that and make some feel big and strong for a while but it takes a
lot of work actually to like actively invade and subdue countries and most like older you know
especially like American autocrats just don't really have the vigor for it anymore especially
after I get through with them so I suggest I would I would argue that this is most likely just him
kind of grabbing his butthole placing it where his mouth is and farting out words but you know
maybe he'll do something crazy take over walmart musk wants to bite you
and I mean I that sounds like a joke but also that could just him saying that I think Justin Trudeau
had a tweet former also while I was out Justin Trudeau no longer well about to no longer be the
head of his own party hosted as the prime minister let's see what Justin Trudeau has to say I don't
follow Justin Trudeau that's shocking did he not tweet about this damn it maybe he didn't
about choosing his replacement the way he looked at aiden ross when he gave him his car
I don't think he looked happy there I would always fight for this country
there it is there isn't a snowball's chance in hell that Canada would become part of the
United States workers and communities in both our countries benefit from being each other's biggest
trading and security partners and sure I mean that does seem like the reasonable thing to say
but the president says they want to be part of our country well the future the former
and future president bless up Justin yeah that's crazy that both him and kata died in the same month
I think he just enjoyed in January oh yeah Justin passed away in January guy redacted for
new canada prime minister yeah let's check in with the canadian canada prime minister situation and
then we'll get to these other segments we got to do today internet tell me what's going on please
quick internet what's happening Justin Trudeau's nine years as canadian prime minister is coming to an
end oh no today he announced he will step down as the leader of the governing liberal party
the fact is despite best efforts to work through it end of an era has been paralyzed for months
after what has been the longest session of a minority parliament in canadian history
yeah a lot of shit is happening deserves a real choice in the next election and it has become clear to me
that if i'm having to fight internal battles i cannot be the best option he does sound Canadian
i'll give him that the imbecile prime minister went on to say canada's parliament will be suspended
until march 24th while a new leader of his party is chosen i want to bring in mckenzie gray he is a
national reporter for canada's global news thanks for joining us take a part of our president
nick rogg more the prime minister trudeau has been this major force on the canadian political
scene the global political scene for a long time many many years now what led inside his auto
news man kind of looks if you squint it kind of looks like me really it's been bad polling numbers
for about a year my hair back mr trudeau has been behind my name party and those numbers have grown
in the past few months the liberals projected to in the next election which will take place in 2025
potentially lose by between 20 and 25 points get absolutely wiped out in the house of commons
to canadian parliament and potentially be not the first party not the second party of the third
party the fourth party in parliament so there was really a mutiny from liberal members of parliament
to tell justin shrewdote he needed to quit and mr trudeau quit today in the face of potentially
more resignations from cabinet a few weeks ago he lost his deputy prime minister and finance
minister who quit just hours before a big fall economic statement kind of like a budget here in
canada that was a let's get this kind of show i agree not talk to canadians since the resignation
of christia freeland his former deputy prime minister until today when he announced that he
intends to leave after the liberal party announces a new leader likely sometime in march as you noted
trudeau has faced tough poll numbers for a long time wait a minute he's also faced scrutiny over
his handling of the religious he's just doing the biden thing kind of he's pulling a biden
that turns out politicians everywhere realizing they might have to pull a biden
we thought it was just because he was old but it turns out a lot of people aren't too happy with
the way things are being run and the the powers that be a kind of panicking and having to say
well if it's a different guy that does the same thing and we'll see how that goes
uh he's younger it's just because he's old yeah i mean i do think the biden thing had a lot to do
with his age honestly but also though there is kind of like a global wave of uh the current
whatever the the standing administration is being ousted in any election
he's going to be the next old biden well he's young enough that he could he could leave now
and come back i actually don't know how canada is like uh i don't know the rules in canada
could he like just dip out for 10 years and then come back and say put me in there for another decade
we need to get cases out of four-year streaming contract because i don't know uh how we make it
through trump 2.0 without ben i don't know if we'll make it through with ben
uh mexico why don't we have mexico take over the united states i like the mexican president
quite a bit more than trump oh that's some next level thinking instead of us invading mexico
let's let the cartels just completely run the place i mean hey we love business men and what businessmen
make more money than mexican drug cartels what if we just give them a crack at it i don't know how
comfortable are we with like constant violence uh we're we're americans we're super comfortable with
that oh okay we could be honest something all right let's see what else they have to say about
justin today let me move on relationship with the united states he went down to mora lago
to see president-elect donald trump crack has taunted him good one saying that should
become the governor of canada and canada should consider being annexed by the united states how
did that trump factor play into how liberal party members saw the prime minister and his position
it certainly didn't help the situation these 51st state tweets all of these things that donald
trump has been talking about has kind of underscored the line that many in the conservative party
here in canada the official opposition have been saying needs to handle a cake i'll take a slice
of cake you don't want to give me any why'd you come in then what kendall just came in here
said do you want some cake i said sure that she went she literally goes i don't want to give you
cake i'm so confused you probably gave her a bad look you didn't sound excited enough for the cake
and you suck the enthusiasm out of it what did i do it's on record i feel like i was normal i was right
here you gotta learn how to ask for cake believe me as someone who withholds a lot of things from men
you don't get it she wants you to want her cake but i did and didn't feel that way
cake or butthole could be both what were these two saying somehow trump has screwed over justin
true though this photo of them together is tied him wait our conservatives in canada for or against
joining america i can't tell which way conservatism swings sometimes because we are sort of the global
hegemon so wouldn't the conservative stance be let's get in on that i'm assuming conservative
canadian position be let's not give up our sovereignty usually they're pretty nice
conservatism is pretty nationalistic but oh my gosh it's blueberry lemon cake look at this
she had to make this she had to buy this cake for turbo tax so this is officially turbo it's got
those turbo tax colors if that statement doesn't make sense kendall works in uh marketing so
i'm just giving a free head of turbo tax wow i got my refund and it tastes like cake
it's a write-off it's nobody's birthday but the irs's shortly all right let's finish this
let's get to this last one minute of this video i've uh i need uh for an election to happen because
mr trudeau is at the end of his mandate here there is a schedule of election to happen in 2025
and with mr trudeau at the end and having low polling numbers uh many analysts have been focusing
on the fact that maybe donald trump's looking right past justin trudeau and focusing on pierre poly
ab who's the conservative leader someone that elon musk has been talking about someone that
joe rogan is talking about oh someone that in conservative american circles has been starting
to gain some traction god i'm still not used to how dumb everything is the fact that he just said
something elon musk is talking about something joe rogan's talking about and that makes him a real
political force the fact that that's a legitimate statement is just it's never going to stop being
depressing anyway so trumps tweets trumps taunts really did not help mr trudeau who was already
in a weak position and there was a lot of concern and angst here in canada about the potential
for these 25 tariffs to be levied on canadian i think during petersen and have a chance estimates up
here would see a good five percent gdp cut in the canadian economy a potential disaster for canada
and briefly for those americans who are not paying close attention to canadian politics
give us a glimpse inside the conservative party in canada seems rather excited in recent days about
their chances in the next canadian election and about their leader yeah pierre poly ab is the leader
of the conservative party as i mentioned there's been many americans who've been really pushing it
forward it's looking like a strudel pushing mr poly f forward and at the polls for us now he basically
win a super majority in the house of commons here in canada he could be one of the biggest
look at this guy's in canadian history but they have a really looks like it looks like somebody
fucked up just introduce face he's like he's like conservative handsome he's like not handsome but
he's like i feel like i could like conservative like his his grandma would say he's a very handsome boy
that's the vibe he's giving me he's giving me my grandma said i'm a very handsome boy vibes
which trudeau also has but i'm just i don't like that i don't like the look at this guy really been
running on a platform it's very anti trudeau saying that mr trudeau has broken everything so today is
a bit of a set up we're certainly hoping to run against mr trudeau in the next election and that
of the next election is likely to happen relatively soon probably sometime in a row so there's likely
a new prime minister coming in then and of course canada is hosting the g7 this year so it'll be a
big question donald trump comes up to meet the likely new prime minister at that point in time
in pierre paul live in the conservative that's beautiful i need to look up pierre palio let's hear
his voice on behalf of all canadiens want to thank you for your immense courage and the person
an ai voice that you personal political and non-political price that you have paid for standing
up for your convictions and defending freedom of speech when is he talking to jordan peterson
paid a very big price for that but you have never he sounds like an ai voice it sounds like he's gonna
he's just reading whatever text i plug in i'm going to scratch my butthole now thank you so much for
giving me a butthole scratcher for bent you have never backed down you've had a spine of steel
and there are countless other people who will have the freedom to express themselves because
you paid the price for them so thank you sir it's been a it's been a privilege maybe i'm
also just too too used to hearing like joe rogan ai interviews where they talk about playing minecraft
but now jordan peterson kind of sounds like ai to me too what a what i mean i guess he technically
has a good voice what a device he's so dead-looking also why did he upload this is such a weird
political price that you have paid for standing up for your why does his mouth move i'm so confused
by this guy oh yeah this he had the procedure done that makes your mouth move more like mine
if you if you're if you're successful enough you can actually uh i got a procedure done to
drop your frame rate oh i didn't realize you could do that everybody looks a little bit better
moving at about 12 frames per second it's called the animation procedure i've had it done that's
why my mouth moves this way oh that's why you look like that yeah it's actually intentional
and really expensive and trendy and he had the same thing done because he's a big time you know
politician man just so you know that makes perfect sense all right let's get to the other segments
that's what's going on in the world um everything might become america canada's really struggling
and blah blah a bunch of old politicians are dying everything's on fire yeah that about sums it up
that's not very good yeah you know things aren't things aren't that good
but i'm doing okay oh well as long as you're doing okay yeah i'm doing pretty good guys so
for me this is fine well everything's fine for k so i guess that's always that and uh i don't go
anywhere because we'll be right back with probably someone yelling about something is that right yeah
someone will be yelling coming right up okay coming right up more yelling see you soon woke
censorship apparatus sounds like a sleep mask that needs to be surgically removed whoa it does
and if we're not careful in this country that's exactly what you're gonna have to have done if
you want even a chance to speak the truth to anyone if you think about it we're all on that
sleep mask and we have sleep apnea and we can't talk all those things at the same time
house the neighbor lady settling into the new house
whoo that's a guy you know what i haven't thought about that until now
well a that she's probably stuck into my backyard and secretly lives outside but also i can now i
can just talk all the shit i want about my former insane neighbor who knows could be watching could
be subscribed she had a very strong stalker vibe i'll never tell where i live now please don't find me
she's still listening to y'all walking one of the creepiest fucking things about her is
she repeated stuff back to me that i swear to god kendall and i had whispered the time she like
really lost her mind and yelled at me about sex noises which the way i make noises how would you even
know anyway kendall and i were in the other room like whispering and she somehow she she said things
like you said this i was like we were just whispering that away from the wall it made me
think that she had bugged my apartment with like a microphone somehow so maybe she had but now
who knows but she's just listening to the other neighbor truly a terrifying woman claimed to
work for the cia mostly seemed to i think was walking dogs primarily she's a dog walker who
claimed to work for the cia and i guess i had like one of those old school like hearing aids up to
our wall or did work for the cia and bugged our entire apartment hey speaking of of monitoring
the movements of everything let's check in with the cat cam they are asleep still
you might notice they're in the same spot i just ordered them a bigger bed so that'll be a huge update
coming to the cat cam they've also pulled a bunch of toys under the bed uh they've really moved in
down there will they ever leave they do leave at night while we're asleep and i know because i'm
recording that as well the littler one the younger one the one-year-old with two eyes comes out
occasionally while we're moving around now but if we get too close to her she retreats under the
bed but she's thinking about liking us the miss zoro the one-eyed the one-eyed monster
no telling no telling when she's gonna warm up to us could we could be here for a minute
it's been about a week and a half now since we got them did it snow under our bed yeah
we're keeping some snow under our bed just uh because we think it could fight the fire
if it comes if we have a really cool snowy room someday i'll give you guys a house tour
i'm just at the studio right now so i can't but someday incoming house tour that's where the
hype train broadcasts from yeah if you zoom way in on the cat cam and sometimes the hype train
operates kind of at an unknown scale so ant-man style he's got like a microbial universe in there
that's where he's broadcasting from so thank you for the call out
sport if i thank you for being here thank you for catching the stream cat cam is such an
anti-woke censorship apparatus these cats are gonna have to surgically remove it and i am censoring
their speech if they say anything that displeases me if they use the wrong terminology if they
dead name themselves then i they're banned from the rest of the apartment they currently did to
themselves called a pussycam i'm kind of sad i just said that out loud all right let's uh let's
send it to the movies we haven't been there in a while there's who knows how many trailers are
left for us here's Trent at the movies it's about damn time there we go there's a ghost bar here
there that's better hello everybody great to see you and great to see you at
shut Chris i haven't seen them in months already oh sorry i thought we were doing our intros
give you cut mine off really this is how we're starting again just immediate aggression no i'm
being very kind and gentle step off my fucking dick bro respect young blood oh shit yep sorry
with respect step off my fucking dick bro shit all right with respect
the Chris clam how come i don't get a little the cats get their own little thing that says cat cam
look at these guys i gotta come over there cats love me they'll come right out from under the bed
i refuse to believe that those cats are gonna recognize a predator right away
and a super predator honestly whoa what the fuck i'm not that no but you are no with respect
you're a super predator oh shit if it's with respect i mean i disagree respectfully
and that's an awful thing to say yeah but with respect you're a super predator
jesus i mean that really feels awful to say about me but it's like i guess if it's with respect
fuck what am i'm working i say i'm not though no offense but i think you're a super predator
stop getting pleased with respect can you please stop it's all about respect today all right i'll
respectfully stop saying that you are a super predator for sure i'm not prove it no i'm not
it's not super convincing all right let's see what's going on trailer thursdays everybody
cinematic trailer ps5 and ps4 games i don't know what this is but it says cinematic trailer
well wait man is this real this is the game i've been waiting for this is the trailer for horses
are these in-game horse graphics these horse graphics are wild oh it's cinematic
okay that looks more like a video game horses you know it's gonna be all fucking facet missions
horses wait was there a horses 2024 i gotta look this is this a yearly game
offer i i never give credit to just how many fucking insanely
pumped out games there are pumped up and pumped out quick the ewak sorry that our
subshits broken but thank you so much for the community sub to master love damn that rhymes
thank you so much sincerely appreciate it do i have to play the first 2024 game well let's
find out horses 2024 gameplay was there a torsos 2024 i'm not seeing it
it's a video game is this a franchise
whoa whoa whoa sorry this is uh this video is called ultimate horse simulator let's just see
what this this game is working with it is not a trailer this is the real deal you can get that
would you would have blow your mind if i told you that you can get that shit right now
damn currently probably on your phone even whoa available right now on my phone the ultimate
horse simulator i don't even have to buy ps5 horses official announcement trailer from a year ago
what the fuck is that okay we gotta sorry we're doing a bit of a deep dive on horses trailer
excuse me i sneeze dude why'd you sound more likely when you sneeze more you sound like me
for a minute when you sneeze sorry your voice is is my voice post sneeze i guess
all right that's weird let's check out one other horses trailer before we get to trailers people
might actually want to watch we do need to watch this first what what is that the same game
that's from the official ign account what is horses well the sometimes the simplest titles
contain multitudes of meaning seem to be about riding and torturing humans but is the other horses
game that that's horses 2025 this is just horses well i guess we found the next game that case
needs to play with the onan if they ever start doing that again did this ever come out let's
look into this later why not now i don't know i mean we gotta do the patreon in an hour
live in sleazy is giving us the facts as usual horses 2025 was released by the
playstation official account however i would like to point out not to be outdone horses
this game was on the official ign account so both games are very official no one's
denying that both games are masterworks and official i mean some people could deny that
okay some people are suggesting maybe they're not but i'm suggesting they definitely are
all right let's watch one new trailer at least because i do want there's another old trailer
in here i want to click on but i'll restrict myself temporarily what's the what kind of
shit do we miss why are you picking why not because it's my show oh that's tree i'm
i will pick what's the hottest trail the pit what trailers are popping off right now
flight risk starring marky mark is this another netflix original are they only setting movies in
airports now let's check out flight risk because i did see tsa the film starring uh the kingsman
you saw tsa the film starring the kingsman yeah it's called like baggage king or some
shit and it was honestly it was like da hard but whether if they didn't really have that much
like scope if they're like what if die hard kind of just didn't feel that big
and i thought it was an intimate die hard you thought baggage king starring the kingsman
was in a more intimate die hard yeah it's like a more intimate a sort of artistic die hard
well nothing you said there is correct well that's a subject a subject or subjective
let's watch this trailer for another flight movie is my point and it's got mark walberg
deputy hairs darryl booze hope you like flying i never the fugitive before government witness not
a fugitive ready to go is he doing an exit is it always this bumpy you get used to it
maretti is very disappointed in you and he wants you dead oh shiq we've been compromised
is this about them fighting in a plane pay attention listen good part
walrd mark walberg i'm gonna enjoy this you ever see a face turner's color before
how many times did i kill each other in this plane y'all need a pilot like risk he is doing an
accident between four in theaters that can't be right they're really claiming that that's in theaters
i'm pretty sure it is gonna be in some theaters at least maybe all of them
are they just done making movies and like locations anymore no just well in one location is now where
they make movies because that is actually what i thought it would be it's just that they were
like don't worry you don't have to come to this one set to make this movie maybe a couple
pickup shots outside of an airport and one inside of a house where you're getting ready and you're
west yelling at you or whatever it's like two weeks of work you want to get paid you know five
million dollars for two weeks of work and every actor was like yes i don't think they all got paid
that much yeah but you know mark walberg got paid like a lot he had to shave his head or at least
put some shit over his hair he had to do an accent can you imagine having to do an accent for like
a while yes with that the movies are dead well we've moved on now to horses we're mostly a horse
based artistic ecosphere now so if it's not a game about horses you can kind of miss me with that
shit i'm sort of a purist when it comes to video games horse cinema that's what you're into now
yeah i'll mostly check out video game horse cinema now interactive i like to call it interactive
horse cinema it's really the kind of shit i'm on right now so they can kind of miss me with that
other shit it's a dark day for culture how many more airport based movies can we have the last of
us season two let's round it out with that at least maybe that'll be fun oh yeah the only art
that's left like my point video games also the last of us does feature horse the features giraffe
and occasional horse i think is there a horse in the last is that the witcher i think you're
thinking of the overworld of the witcher there's got to be a horse in the last of us so i was
counts as horse cinema you're stretching the you're stretching the credulity of horse of interactive
horse cinema it counts as interactive horse cinema if it's a video game featuring a horse
there's horse in the witcher and that contains the word horse so that also counts
it's a it's a it's a genre that's got multitudes well i mean that horse's trailer did prove that
all right let's just watch the last of a season two trailer please i hope they get on a plane
there are just some things everyone agrees
or just wrong okay they're making some bold moves that felt kind of not claustrophobic
they're like exterior shots in that i i didn't feel claustrophobic they weren't on a plane
so i was having trouble processing it
because they there's an outdoor set yeah and there were like multiple actors and shots and stuff i was
like whoa is this allowed but i guess and there were not horses or accents from what i could tell
i think again though i'm mostly into interactive horse cinema outside of that if you're into
that kind of thing that looks pretty good i mean the first season was very good in my opinion
sure but that's more like that's you're kind of on some 2023 shit at that point like
we've moved on really 2022 needs a bald horse plane now you're talking bald horse plane flight
simulator bald horse plane flight simulator i would play that right away because that's
like one of the gonna be one of the biggest games of 2025 if they can get on making that
fast enough will they also will they bite the bullet and just fucking kill off Pedro Pescal
hey spoilers sort of for the game i'm just saying they did the first game already they did that whole
story basically the second game if they're gonna do it and spoiler alert i already did spoil it
but here's your late spoiler alert they gotta kill off fucking Joel right if they're gonna do the
games maybe they just won't couldn't you just want Pedro Pescal to stay in the series so you
can keep having him in it i think you gotta kill him and then he just make him be in flashbacks
a lot man that could be what they'll do is they kill him and then he's in a lot of flashbacks so that
he can still be in the trailers oh equest is that again i'm only a fan of the game version of equest
i don't think there's a game version of the play equest well that doesn't mean there will never be
get that Daniel Radcliffe did a movie where he played a human swiss army knight you're telling me he
can't play a game of version of his horse stuff what that's all the time we have for today thank you
guys so much good to see everybody again i'm back i mean i barely even noticed because my life moved
so life moves pretty fast for me trance so like i just tell me it feels like just yesterday i was
doing this shit but apparently it's been like a month or two so good to see everybody i'll be back
soon with even more trailers and if you're stressing don't stress because you do in fact know what
it is we'll see you later that new outro comes on fast yeah that was really loud it is turned down
now for next time what an insane noise that limiter was not set up on that on that particular asset
panther time panther demands it's still there i got all the buttons
now muncher maybe maybe this year we should finally uh check in with what's who's the guy
tristan we did a stream as a guy named tristan once sorry a guy named tristan did a stream
stream on this channel once where he played donkey kong while sinking into a pit of sludge
and i can't remember if he escaped or not so maybe we should do another donkey kong stream
this year that's what i'm getting at very very you know one of the first streams i did i was like
what works for twitch sinking into sludge a helicopter did rescue him at the end i wonder
how that helicopter did the original idea for that stream was if people subbed or donated or
used channel points they could keep him from sinking all the way into the sludge at the time i
did not pull that off but now i could so maybe i just do it maybe this is the year for that
you forgot about that you could be forgiven forgetting to put that whole thing uh it is agdq
week oh is that going on right now damn i always check in with the highlights of it after the fact
but i never watch it live oh it's so live it's live way save him okay i believe you do to ramp
he went live to me who would go on the internet and tell lies right i know i've never known the
internet to tell me a lie you think people just do that go on the internet and tell lies
oh this is a donkey kong game right now we gotta hit this guy nine times um we gotta bounce on top of
them the first six are free if i get good enough we're gonna let's we gotta they could call and
tristan next year i would say the first three are mostly free uh from there so we usually get
people that actually know how to play the games but what if we get someone really bad at them
but who is sinking actively into a swamp they it's insane that they were playing talky kong
and also that chat somehow knew that they were playing talky kong you guys know it all
okay uh let's end with amongst the web um i'm gonna turn off the segment request because i think
we'll have to get out of here after we do these next two given that i tend to move it a bit of a
leisurely place let's uh set it to jeb for now and then we'll do amongst the web uh right before
we get out of here we'll do a quick jeb today quick draw jeb as no one calls him as no one has
ever called him ever all right let's learn how to do some hey everybody great to see you
we're back in the stew that's the thing people say when they have a studio i have a wood shop
i'll call it the woo we're back in the woo apparently a lot of woo is burning right now
uh and and los angeles and i'm not going to reveal which part of the country i'm in
in order to protect my father as a lot of would be ghost hunters are constantly
questing to capture you in their little ghost tubes what they are yep that's a thing that
that a lot of people are doing and i've never told you before why would they do that because
you're dead and you're in the wood oh my god that does sound like me it's because it is you
i mean that's my father he's dead and he's in the wood jeez this christ
he's trapped in there uh let's learn how to do some stuff today
we've got a lot of hot how-to's coming in thank you so much you can always submit a
how-to at the creme.team discord uh go to the bin threads and one of them's mine a how-to thread
all right all this makeup tips from former congressman with uh
uh the sex past is one of the how-tos for today here's a makeup tips from just two disgrace politicians
uh for you know slightly different reasons and we'll see how they'll see what they got for us
what's going on with my makeup help me give me advice that mac gates let me tell you something
highlighter is not for you stop highlighting the center of your face it makes your eye
very small and it gives you the glow not the glow you think it gives you but i have deep set eyes
george how do i fix the deep set eyes look at the flawless this in my skin no highlighter needed
you're a florida man i'm in florida right now we when you're tan and you're a florida man you
don't need that level of highlighter when you're tan and you're a florida man here's what you need
to do matt you need to go by yourself double wear foundation from estee lauder they seem like
a couple of guys isn't it fun how the worst people on the planet can be so fun
isn't that fun i like it when the guys who are liars and seemingly sexual predators
have a pal around i don't know if both of one of them is right how do you know that oh
we unfortunately know stuff like that in the afterlife everything you've ever done
anyone who's ever lived can see after you die oh really yep although i can't see what you've
done for some reason that's so weird yeah that is i can't explain that one it's so weird daddy
why is that who knows well anyway they're having a good time and can you fault them for that
maybe not for that but the other stuff i've seen them do you probably fault them for
how to win friends and influence people by dale carnegie maybe this will let me become a politician
and then i can give makeup tips tips on fox news or wherever they are
was it news max where is where's gate where did the gates go hey just sort of just on the
d's on a screen now that's everybody's on one now yeah we're all on a screen now isn't that cool
all right let's see uh let's see how to win friends and influence people lesson one
you can't win an argument dale has been involved in and observed thousands of arguments he came
to the conclusion that to get the best of an argument avoided all together nine times out of 10 an
argument ends with each person being more convinced that they're absolutely right all right what do i
do even if you win an argument i don't like to lose why well because you've made the other person
feel inferior oh and hurt their sense of pride oopsie ask yourself is it really worth your time
and energy trying to win an argument when it will give you nothing but a temporary sense of victory
in exchange for making the other person feel like crap now maybe not lesson two never tell a man he
is wrong oh wane is a wood chopper carl is a builder what wane specializes in oakwood and carl in pine
wood let's take a turn one day carl ordered some oakwood from wane upon inspecting the oakwood carl
was frustrated with its poor quality and wasn't willing to pay for it but wane noticed his quality
inspection was too strict and was misinterpreting how to assess the quality of oakwood sure he knew
carl was wrong now most people would be tempted to say carl may your bloody wrong but not wane
instead he began asking questions as to why the oakwood was not of high quality what he emphasized
that he was only asking so that he could give carl exactly what he wanted for future orders
he approached the situation in a friendly and cooperative manner eventually carl's attitude
he soon admitted he was not experienced with oakwood and began asking wane questions oh he finally
understood that it was his fault for making poor judgments about the quality of the wood
carl ended up happily paying for the wood now that's the power of never telling someone they're
wrong feel free to try this out in your own life what i'm confident you'll notice that people
respond much more positively to you when you don't tell them they're wrong you mean when you
extremely obviously ask a pointed question that they can see through instantly that's pretty good advice
lesson three ask questions instead of giving orders it makes people want to cooperate with you
if you want your roommate to help you do the dishes you will likely get a more positive
response if you say hey clarence could you please give me a hand with the dishes instead of
hey clarence do the dishes with me now wait who does
do people i guess some people talk that way but both can sound pretty shitty i'm
i feel like both can sound pretty bad hey clarence you do the dishes
first hey clarence do the dishes now one's kind of fun right isn't one sort of fun
maybe neither is fun i guess dishes aren't very fun anyway framing your request as a question
rather than demand makes clarence feel like he has a choice and therefore will be more responsive
to your requests lesson four remember names oh andrew carnegie one of the richest men in history
understood the importance of names as a child he had a nest of pet rabbits but no food to feed them
he told the boys in the neighborhood that if they would go out and get enough dandy lines to
feed the rabbits he would name the bunnies in their honor the plan worked he used the same principle
in business a man named pulman and himself were fighting against each other trying to get the sleeping
car business to work during a meeting one evening andrew suggested that they merge companies and
work together pulmon listened intently and then asked what would you call the new company andrew
responded why the pulmon palace car company of course pulmon's face brightened and he said come
into my room let's talk it over when i first met amy she told me why does it sound like none of
that happened it sounds like that was a story that it was probably not a thing that happened
what's the word for that i'm not accusing him of anything i'm using his tactics hey that story
you just told do you think that happened and if it didn't what would the word for that be
tell me her name but i didn't hear her properly i asked her to say it again and even a third time
during class very good propaganda the longer you leave it the more awkward it becomes you might
feel embarrassed about asking more than once but realize that people appreciate it when you
take the time to learn their name i remember randomly talking to a man in my class thanks
daniel carneghi next week i came in and i said hey tom how you doing and he said wow i'm surprised
you remembered my name and now for the final lesson just no name talking terms of others interests
if there was just one lesson you could take away from this book this would be it okay i really
struggled to talk to new people it doesn't matter if we have nothing in common because i talk about
their interests in one of my first conversations with amy i asked her a simple question who's amy what
do you like to do in your spare time she said i listen to music randomly sing and dance draw do
artsy stuff try and keep fit watch movies and funny tv shows i read i cook i play with my pets
and spend time with my family and friends i followed her up with another simple question
okay so what do you read and what do you draw can i just say i've been poking some holes in this
just for the sake of trying to really understand what he's talking about
but i'll give him this he sounds like a ton of fun to talk to
there's a real conversation list based on these snippets so i should listen up
amy got excited after a long outburst of sharing her interests she said i'm getting
way too excited talking about this no one ever gets to know me this way so i have this all bottled up
it's so awesome talking about my passions so thanks for listening to me we get a lot wait a
minute let me just do a dramatic reading of this i'm getting way too excited talking about this
no one ever gets to know me this way so i have this all bottled up it was so awesome talking
about my passions so thanks for listening to me and that's you get that out of someone just by saying
hey what do you like to read this is a real life hack be sure to ask someone in your life
hey i heard you've read a book before what what what book did you like
and you'll you'll be surprised you might end up married long so well now and have been great
friends since it doesn't matter whether you're talking to your boss workmates teachers friends
family or strangers oh talk in terms of other people's interests and they'll love you for it
okay now let's summarize what we've learned today you can't win an argument oh never tell a man
he is wrong okay ask questions instead of giving orders remember names and most importantly
talk in terms of others interests feel free to drop a comment below and subscribe to the channel for
more weekly videos like this one to drop a comment i guess let's try do you put all that advice into
action well i do feel like we argue sometimes daddy and it's unfortunate why do you think we argue
well i don't i more so i think i'm being instructive i'm your father i don't really need to ask
questions sometimes i need to tell you you should do stuff a little bit more like jet see him
jet's doing it right that is that was your parenting style well it's just because jet was such a good
example i'd say hey you see what jet just built hey jet's only 12 and he just built us an entire
cabin a vacation cabin at 12 yeah but was it up to code you know it was it was
true and we still use it well it was well built so using these tactics what do you think you
could do to build us another vacation home i guess i could ask jet how to do it you could
but do you want to really take up jet's time he's working on a lot of important stuff
no i guess not i guess i could take the initiative to learn to do it myself yeah
and maybe you build the home out of me and then i'm not trapped in the wood i'm trapped in a home
well that's where you were before you died too daddy
oh yeah were you trapped in a retirement home yes i'm sorry i'm trying to use the tactics now too
you're not wrong and i'm not arguing dad see i remembered your name this is watch one more
all right well you know it works we proved it works let's watch a quick one let's watch a quick one
how to make shaving cream whoa don't be a minute long maybe it's simple maybe
maybe we've all been wasting money on expensive creams when we can make it ourselves let's see
hello youtube everybody watching my channel we're gonna make some organic shaving cream over here
well technically it's not organic because i knew the organic one minute that looks simple recipe
interesting whoa that's the cream and olive oil it's very nourishing for the skin people think
some people think that you're gonna get it all i've been doing this for a while
and it's been working great the avocado is actually very soothing for the skin so is the olive oil
i mean basically any kind of uh vegetable fruit whatever is very soothing to any part of the
body inside and out i use this every day i don't break out an acne like i do with conventional
shaving cream i think it's one of the best things it's um also you could also use this
on your hair it's also a great hair conditioner too so give us a go let it sit for a second and
it's kind of green it's kind of funny but it's basically it's kind of green an avocado make sure
the avocado is ripe enough though shouldn't it be all the way green like post any questions below
all right well um if you have any questions post those below as an open invitation i feel like it
was pretty clear though i've got the neck you need to shave the neck actually getting a little out
of control i got a big wide neck it's a lot of a lot of man fur on it yeah it does it's uh
maybe i'll bust up the avocado not really a money-shaving technique the avocados are pretty pricey
one avocado per shave is a bit of a steep price it also doesn't keep very well so
i'm not sure you could really build up a big avocado reserve especially if they need to be fresh
but you can do it yourself at home plus olive oil which depending on the olive oil you can also
not cheap well what do you think you would use to shave dad well i don't know because i'm in the
wood where do you think i am son oh you're remembered by name yep see you can be just like daniel
Carnegie and never argue isn't that right dad is that right dad i don't know is that right son
it sounds like it could be right but i guess who's to say not me right i yes i got maybe
it's hard to end everything on a question isn't it not that hard some people might have said what do
you think i don't think it counts if you just ask what i think okay well anyway that's all the time
we have for now we'll be back with more how-to's next time on in the meantime don't even stress because
you're actually never too old to learn a new trick bye bye everybody all right we better get to some
webs a little smoke in here it is i will admit a little smoky in here yeah what the hell was that
jeb without him i was cleaning jeb's glasses for him why do you always why do they always come
up here after their segment else i thought he wasn't in la yeah i moved the studio to la for the day but
we're gonna ship it back tomorrow whoa that's expensive you know i gotta make important decisions over
here i'm in charge of the budget it's true i did put you in charge of the budget so i gotta fly
the set around sometimes i had to clean his glasses so i had to fly him down here so i could clean
him you could probably clean his own glasses ah maybe frame that as a question that sounds like
an attack do you think jeb could clean his own glasses nope are you a man should i argue with you
i'll never tell what do you think i am i don't know well me either let's just go amongst the web
uh we'll get into some stuff with salsar and then we'll get over to this patreon it's time for some
webs crazy appeal i really gotta move there we go i've seen more easy to do i'm so little
i'm really standing up very straight let me just move around this a little bit more
let's play a little music yeah there's some chill beats for me what the f*** okay wait a second
yeah there we go okay good enough hello everybody is your favorite guy
it's me salsar i'm mario
uh good to see a salsar great to beat beat here beating you i want to eat you oh okay i want to
i want to eat you i like to eat people oh okay because i'm full of bugs
but anyway it's great to be here i do you guys i thought you didn't really eat
you more you just slice them up and fill them with bugs no sometimes we eat people too
okay i didn't know that man deep lore i guess you would know i would know anyway everybody's
great to see all you human flesh sacks delicious pulsating blood sacks
ew that's what you are to me that's bug vision sorry bug vision 2025 you want to make
also i am officially throwing my ring in my name into the ring for prime minister of canada make
canada spanish transylvanian again you're used to swear fealty to the dark lord and you can
again by moving my castle to canada i think they were ever spanish transylvanian there are probably
some spanish around and probably a couple transylvanians oh all right anyway we're not here to
do politics we're here for fun videos you asshole um yeah we are let's let's get into him here's
a guy in the woods if you want to make big changes in your life you gotta start doing
daily affirmation like every day i do an affirmation i'm strong and nothing nothing can stop me so that
no matter what challenges arise in life i always push through pretty good that's a classic in my
opinion a sort of a classic i have seen that one before i do think it's a good it's a good bit
i do feel like if i tried to do that bit i would break a leg maybe he did but he's doing his
affirmations and he's moving forward that's courtesy of nullan colbert thanks nullan thank you for
enlightening up my day okay you don't want to do banter with me i just feel like you might eat
it seemed kind of like you said you want to murder me no i want to eat you you'll become part of me
you'll be like a little face on my stomach when i transform you'll be like
you'll still be alive in a sense when i consume you 6.5 i don't want to become your quade
and everybody wants to be my quade they just don't know it yet because there aren't any bugs in
their brain let's watch the news together the media he had been told otherwise this was kind of
whoa he had such a great start to last season uh taking over midway through the year of the ending of
the year five and four it was so quiet let's run that back one more time okay well he thought so
yesterday when he talked to the media he had been told otherwise this was kind of built is he looking
at the lingerie facebook at the word is that technically the most safer work porn you can
watch like because he's not really watching anything that dirty it's sort of tame it's just a lady in a
red brazier uh it's instagram first of all they're all the same thing right and they're all open
platforms now courtesy of mark zuckerberg finally caring about free speech again oh you're a big
supporter of that i love the stuff mark zuckerberg is doing about saying the word free speech
he could have been doing research that's a 9.54 both for the video and for the that
excellent instagram post rip that guy who maybe he just loaded instagram and that's the first thing
it showed him maybe it was on his search page which if it's anything like mine is 90 percent just
photos of butts up close that might be a you thing or a you thing
a bubble at the search page is a mystery to everyone no one knows why it's full of women's butts
i don't really but i don't mind not knowing i just like knowing it's there all right
what are you horny for human flesh but hungry for more so
what up whoa that's like let's turn it down a little bit and see what's going on at this
airport council my name is chad kroger this is my colleague jt what up we came to the city of
miami beach with one purpose in mind to prove that partying on a yacht boosts as much stoke as we
had hypothesized we believe deep in our cores that letting loose on a boat cures depression
in my experience a quick gainer off a tuna tower can make you forget about inflation or automation
to conduct this experiment we found a young man on craigslist navi who self identifies as awkward
and a bit sad we brought him on to a yacht and hooked him up with a brew to our surprise his
froth did not fully peak there was one missing ingredient hot chicks hot chicks are crucial
to the boating experience not surprisingly after we added beautiful women to the equation he was
stoked so we would like to go one step further with our proposal we not only ask that the city
provide public yachts to the people but also hot chicks or hot dudes if you are a chick or hot dudes
if you're a dude who's into dudes or hot chicks if you're a chick and that's what's up i'm stoked man
i see no problem with it i even fact those are actually dudes and so you can't argue with them
oh yeah never argue with a man or a dude so there's just no point an excellent use of the city
council's time i mean given what probably gets talked about at those meetings i would say that
could very well be an improvement i do appreciate how everyone in the side shots looks like they
could not give a shit about these people's bits like okay yeah you're doing you're doing another
thing for tiktok it's the guys who do tiktok bits at our city council meetings just let them do it
legally we have to let them do it so and then at the end those guys were after they're like all right
the city council is all developers your nuts maybe they were actually just paying attention case
this could be a thing they tried to do well hey the way politics is going currently in the united
states a proposal to give everyone hot chicks would appeal to a lot of trump's base in fact it's
technically one of their biggest complaints is that for some reason they're not legally
mandated a woman to marry them oh yeah they do want that they're like hey just make it illegal
for women to not say yes to marrying me and being my wife at home that's the thing they want that is
a thing they do want and there's their menu i guess you can't argue with them all right let's let's see
what the traditional family unit is up to oh wait no this might be one of those homes we were talking
about earlier hello quantum tunneler let's this is the kind of cool party we got going on every night
at the cell is our as i like to call it mmm cast mansion cast mansion it's a combination of a castle
and a mansion why don't you call it a castle it's more impressive because mansion is more of a chill
vibe and when i party i call it a cast mansion the bend game must be off the charts in that room
you know i would say it had a bit of a mandatory fun vibe but honestly they look like they were having fun
i'm sure the nurses put them up to it but you gotta do something you know as long as they have
an activity i think that's nice it is nice i'm glad to see that they're glad to see that they're
getting some tiktok uh 15 minutes yeah cast mansion exactly you gotta love the hate
5.54 the internet saying whatever they're doing in their twilight years is in fact pretty mad
well you know there's it's their first tiktok ever probably not i'm in support of it i give it a
six that's basically what i got yeah slightly higher than whoa jump man all right let's see
what this even is it seems to be a bunch of models doing an activity so kind of like the last thing
let's just watch that one more time the hell was happening at any point in that video
wait why did she hit him is that the is that like a challenge why does he go like full
patrick bateman at the end here just the hello darkness my old friend that's a 10
oh no i don't know i feel about this damn this probably should be an emote look at this guy's
face well i gotta admit i was intrigued i mean i guess i was intrigued too but
was that the actual game flip the if you land the the the bottle flip you hit the other person
with a metal ball baby's first tic tac much and you're just saying that about the old folks
making a murderer yeah he really gave the thousand-yard murder stare at the end there
well either way it's a 10 the gorilla liked it he's into it yeah he was he was paying close attention
the whole time it was tilted chinese quick games the chi was so obviously tilted from getting hit
mad but he waited like a real psycho until he landed his shot and then hit her way harder than she hit
him the best defense is a delayed offense all right let's do one more yeah let's not then
don that one maybe we'll do one more hmm whoa we're taking it the way back
oh that's too long that's way too long okay we've seen that one we have so many that we haven't done
all right that's a little long as well okay let's see what's going on with this popdarts
you want to see this popdart video yeah let's watch a popdart video
hey speaking of kassim who i'm going to be doing the patreon with in a minute
this will only make sense in a couple weeks but he recently did a thing with popdarts that i edited
what i don't know it i can't really give you more details than that so
it just sounds weird but it'll be a thing on the internet eventually okay whatever let's
watch this popdart do a thing let's watch one more you know man on that one
i am not saying it wasn't whoa wait we'll combine it with this one this popdarts been going crazy
we're gonna end it with a couple of these popdarts videos just allow this to factor this into the current
score you're doing here's another pop here's another pop tart update is he okay why is everything the
popdart does so sexual he's still giving me a feeling but i usually only feel when i want to eat a human
being you know i don't know you know what i'm saying i just don't relate well anyway i'm saying it's
kind of horny you know what i mean a little bit horny okay well um thanks for being here Salazar well
thank you for giving me your skin i i don't i don't want to do that are you sure and don't
feel like maybe there's a bug inside you can you stop trying to slip bugs into my water i just i don't
i don't drink or eat any of the gifts you give me well what about the syringe i gave you did you
stab yourself with it no it had a bug in it a christmas bug the gift what the christmas gift
was the bug in the syringe you said no to my christmas bug i'm not injecting myself with a bug
well i guess somebody doesn't understand the spirit of bugs miss i don't want to bug me
man you'll have one soon and then you'll know that you did all right thanks for being here and
thanks to all of you but that's only time we have let's get out of here what the fuck everybody
chill we're leaving for the day okay now some of the time we have let's send it back to the
place nice i think that'll have to do it for today so we can get over to this patreon
but let's see who else is on that i can slam with a raid
whoo you know yesterday i wanted to stream too i'm hoping i can find an actual time i can just do it
most days do the stream um but the fires knocked out our internet several times yesterday i'm kind of
relieved that that didn't happen today but um i don't know i'm sort of torn right now between
trying to stream at like 11 and trying to stream it like right now at four i don't know what the
preference would be and i also know which one i can keep up with more regularly maybe we get we'll
we'll do a debate the next time i stream what time should i attempt to make the regular streaming
time i need to update my firewall to do oh because of the raging fires 11 to four i mean if i wanted
to be a real streamer i would need to do that at like 11 to 7 11 to 4 pacific 4am you like 4 4 p.m
1 p.m 1 p.m could work we'll do it we'll do a debate we'll do a debate on the next one
all right avali is on miss avali may there's some madness going on in chat
noon to four pacific yeah for my two to three hour two hour been one hour news show
i'm also hoping this year i can start making some satellite content that's not live it's on the
list it's on the list of dreams a laughter shed sub goal i should get him over here
oh yeah let me show you guys this real good because you can see there's a little there's a little bug
going on in my corner um a flies are at whoa that's all right there it is look at this craziness
this is the this is the big green sheet that i uh keep as a pop-up for when i want it
but anyway i now have a expanded green screen featuring sheet there's also a big mirror behind
me that i can show you someday when i give you guys a house tour but for now i exist in a tent world
there's a lot of space back there yeah i could technically have guests and widen the camera even
more yeah the ripples are a problem but if i set it up a little more carefully they're not really
there basically made my normal green screens there but the room's a little too wide anyway so hi
hi to lavely for me bye bye everybody bye bye bye bye whoa you didn't eat papito did you
no but i might eat this guy okay nobody eat each other all right that's all the time
here can you end the stream papito i don't know can i oh you