I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Please take me that Ralph!
We're live in ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one.
Let's do Pepito!
Ooh everybody, down over here.
Now reality's looking right.
Good to see you all.
It's Thursday.
No Patreon today.
Totally random streaming scheduled this week.
Satan says Matt Liddell.
And we're happy to have anybody who's willing to watch.
Including whatever that is.
Steve, good to see you.
John Michael, Propaganda, Don Johnson, Commander Gab, Melody Von Torture, Reverie Wolfe,
New Subgoal, and The War in Iran.
That would be a solid one.
You know, we do kind of need a new Subgoal actually.
Let's see.
Let's see if you guys have any requests for a Subgoal.
Because we do need to do this Brandon song at some point.
This is a professional news show.
Yeah, I talk about war and stuff so I must know what I'm talking about, right?
He's so irresponsible if it wasn't.
Nice that Subgoal will be due for Ever War.
The Subgoal Matt Liddell Vinegar Challenge.
Genital Slit 2.
Cooking.
And of course news.
I don't know what news would be.
We've never done that correctly.
How is Matt Liddell, what is that Subgoal?
I'm not getting the tattoo.
And the Subgoal doesn't even specify that.
It's not happening.
Can you get temporary tattoos online?
Can I order a Matt Liddell temporary tattoo?
Because I will do that.
But I'm not getting the permanent Matt Liddell tattoo.
Yes you can.
Okay, custom temporary tattoos.
Custom tattoos, any size.
It does appear to be a thing everyone.
Do I want 15% off my first order?
We're getting ahead of ourselves.
Matt Liddell is a special guest correspondent.
Yeah, from my arm.
Where he's now temporarily tattooed.
It's 15% off.
Alright fine.
But I'm setting it unreasonably high.
Wait how much is this?
I might actually, as low as only $5 per sticker
I'm still setting it unreasonably high.
I won't do a face tattoo even if it's temporary.
I will show arm though.
You guys can see this undershirt that I'm often wearing.
Even under this.
Matt Tat.
Oops, I gotta say how much.
I'm fucking 50 guys.
For the Matt Tat.
Oh no, Hawaiian barbecue.
It's coming in today.
Yeah, Tat wasn't a valid number unfortunately.
Hey speaking of valid numbers everyone,
I have a very important stream update.
And that is that I received word from Brandon's mom
that she will no longer say messages over 250 characters.
Just so you know.
She's trying to protect her throat for,
she didn't really specify for what.
Um.
But that should be, it might even shrink
depending on how long those messages still feel.
Um, but that should be two pretty beefy sentences.
You got some big boy sentences,
two of them that you can still make her say.
And I do, that's not even applied to Biden and stuff.
It's just, we could even shrink that more
given the amount that she talks.
But how is she supposed to read her baby boy
the Wikipedia English article of the day?
She can read it two sentences at a time.
So she can still be extremely annoying
and it's still pretty long based on my testing.
It's still honestly a little longer than it should be probably.
To protect her throat.
Which again, I'm not sure what she's protecting it from.
Cytrix, thank you so much for the gifted sub.
Do appreciate it.
Oh and also, if you do type a message over the character limit,
it should refund your points.
So let me know if it doesn't.
But supposedly, via the power of me,
possibly immorally using LLMs to code for me,
it should work.
You can't read?
Well you just have to make her say.
As long as you can write but not read, you're good.
Save the Thrusty for the Holy Men.
Oh, I was like, what is a Thrusty?
And I thought about it.
Yeah, something like that.
When you sent messages that were too...
I think there was already a chat limit
based on me trying to type really long messages to test it.
I think if you go over 300 or 400 characters in chat,
it won't work.
Maybe it's like 400, I don't know.
A debate.
Oh, I'm ready to also do that, Psychor,
to do some barely informing.
Who wins a fight, Megan Markle and Prince Harry
or Justin Trudeau and Katy Perry?
I think, God, I don't have to think about that.
Because who knows?
Twitch is 500.
Okay, so it's half the character limit.
Currently it is half the character limit that Twitch sets up.
Which I think in some cases,
not to blow up your guy's spot,
but you were smashing into that Twitch character limit.
The big reason I was like,
oh, I have to pay for these credits
if I go over a certain amount.
Which we did.
We did.
Which is not surprising given that
we did a full two and a half hour stream of just
leaning heavily on that stuff.
No, I actually, I didn't pay anything yet.
I'm tempted to not.
I think you can also run some of this stuff locally
that I'm using.
Eventually that's another long-term goal is
whatever
AI aspects this stream has,
I would love to swap it over to running it locally.
For instance, one of the reasons I brought back
a certain world-famous podcaster segment
is I figured out how to just run that
without having to pay like
some weird service.
Now I just have like an open source model
that does that thing.
That also morally questionable thing that I do.
Local AI server, yeah, I'm going to call up Jensen.
Yo, Jensen, you got a new customer.
This news station.
I'm going to turn this whole place
into a data center.
Look at how much room I have.
There could be so many.
5080s, 50, whatever the number is now.
Give me all those $10,000, 5090s.
And some $7 million RAM, please.
Yeah, we got all this free real estate
with a view of Los Angeles.
Can you imagine how much I'm paying for this?
Yeah, there's even room in the well.
I don't know how much room.
And the wall.
There's a 250-invidia AI hobby computer
for local AI if you want.
I mean, the stuff I'm doing is pretty basic.
I just, like, it probably doesn't take that
strong of a computer to run like
llama or something, right?
I haven't actually done much looking into
running LLMs locally or whatever.
Basically, I'm wondering how much you could replicate
what, say, like, 11 labs does
on your own computer.
Maybe you can.
Or maybe you can.
I don't really know how complicated it is.
Yeah, it does use the same GPU.
I mean, eventually, if computers weren't so expensive,
I was actually planning on probably updating my computer this year.
This one's now about 2 1⁄2 years old.
And I use it enough for editing and stuff
that I was like, hey, you know, I usually just kind of update my computer
and just get a new computer every three years,
because it's how I make all this money, guys.
It's how I do it.
Hours!
With the editing stuff.
Oh my God.
But anyway, so the prices are fucking crazy right now.
Listen up, Jack.
Yeah, memory is just like I'm buying a Pister.
I need a computer that's all memories.
And I've been dying to say this.
What's that, as a president?
Luckily, me, Joe, by Disney.
I run to the studio.
It's time to say this live, we're online.
That's true. Joe Biden is nice enough.
And we might be a small Twitch streamer.
That doesn't mean we can't get a former president to appear on demand whenever we want.
Anyway, I guess the hype train's here.
We bet it's not really good.
It's good that people are subscribing.
It's unfortunate, probably, that we punish them with you rapping every time they support us.
We don't understand how cool I am.
And that's because you're not me.
Have you ever thought about that?
Is that how I'm not you?
You ever think about how you're not me?
I bet it stinks.
I bet that shit hurts.
Get me a Morty type.
Get me a Morty trap beat.
I want to see split out Morty.
Oh wait, now this will work actually.
Turn off my other music, my other incredible music that I graced this stream with.
And then turn up this.
This is...
What's the name of this mouse again?
Why do I think Sylvester and Tweety?
Jerry, Tom and Jerry.
My brain went sweet to Sylvester and Tweety.
That's because you're not me.
I remember Jerry.
I remember every single Looney Tunes.
Scary how my mind can collapse the whole universe in design.
Into a smokestack.
And fucking blow it out the back, Jack.
Yes!
Still the motherfucking best.
Save your fucking breath, because you'll never be in my chest.
Let's get this panther some answers.
Let's lick their ear like this.
That's my girlfriend, bitch, you jealous?
Um, yeah.
I would never profane your beautiful panther girlfriend.
I have the girlfriend.
I drain. I'm some fucking shit, it's real.
You're so fucking shit, it's real.
So fucking shit that it's real.
Kinda cool shit that I say, baby, that case can't even feel.
Do you understand?
I'm on another level meeting, I'm better than case for real.
That's the fact, yes.
Give me more bits, man.
I'm gonna try to help God damn ya, ya.
You could never hit this level, case.
The level of saying words that rhyme?
You could have literally never.
Hey, baby, I'll be ready in a minute.
D, what's up? We gotta get you that mat.
Tap, we gotta say all the bits and subs
coming in from Chatway in the back we got.
Side tricks with the gifted subs
starting off this stream so bright, baby.
You know, the hot trains all love, okay.
Whoa!
Another high start, 40 months from what goes,
we got 100 bits from bundle sprout,
popping off like, ha, ha.
Apple Devil still addicted to snappin' with the panther,
because you know it's never a hassle,
of course we got John Murray, Kellynsville.
And I love to say that yes,
I'm the best low-tier Tyler T. Good night.
Listen up, Jack.
Giga Trash, just manma Jan,
500 shawenny tasty coins,
and I've been dying to say this.
If wishes were horses, it would smell like
trunel dump, everywhere all the time.
Oh shit, there we spied,
the Katana's coming on every day.
You know what I said about him a couple weeks ago, case.
That's where I live with President Biden and the kids.
We don't need to...
You don't need to keep track of your lore that carefully.
I keep track of every single thing I ever say,
because all of it's true, it's just my memories.
If the other doesn't take work for me,
it's just to recount my stories.
But you and President Biden in Neolos Angeles
fighting street gangs with Katana's?
You didn't listen, it's not street gangs,
it's everyone in the future.
And they're all... Do you remember?
No, I don't, yeah, I don't remember, I've trained.
No, you don't, because you're not me,
that's the shit that I came to say and see,
that you will never be me, CB.
Whoop, I got a loser and I'm a trained baby.
Woo! Bet you wish that you were on the tracks.
Bet you wish you had your head in the black.
Bet you wish that you could just relax,
but you can't.
I feel pretty relaxed,
but you look like you're losing.
Does?
Looks like you're losing your hair.
I feel like I'm doing okay for 40-ish.
40-ish? Are you in your 30s?
Yeah.
I'm gonna, you know what, I should say I am while I still can.
You don't know who I am?
Aren't you in hell? I don't know how old you are.
Good to know 42, but I'm not you, case.
Even though we're the same age
and I also live from the same place.
I'm from Ronam too, did you know that case?
I never saw you in Ronam,
but I was there, man.
I went to a certain school named...
Don't dox my elementary school.
Good if I wanted, but I won't ace.
Are you getting this game?
Mighty Oz!
I want you to take this case, Mighty Oz.
Blessing those hot bits all over the fucking place.
We got the beat up, we got all the diss-ins,
and you're telling me all the love
because I'm not case, that's because I
love the chug notion because I've got
infinite fucking motion,
and I'm making you feel emotions
when I talk about how I love it.
You love what?
Robert E. Lee is the namesake of case's schools, huh?
No.
Well, did I go to any schools that had Confederate?
I don't think so.
Were there any schools in Ronam that had
like Confederate names?
Patrick Henry?
There's a school called pH, which I think
was Patrick Henry, but that doesn't count, right?
I don't know a human history, man.
I'm from the Tapman himself with the sub-goal.
I'm talking about fucking Matt LaDele, yes!
Get that on your ass, case!
Mega permanent this time.
I'm gonna come in with a tattoo,
gonna put it on your face.
I don't care if it's a crime.
Hype train, I'll grow arms just to
to secure case.
I'm gonna put you in your place
with a Matladel II on your face.
Yes, yes!
You're gonna assault me with a tattoo gun
and draw Matladel on my face?
You think that's okay to say Hype Train?
Yeah, I do.
That tattoo coming into you.
Might put it inside you, tear up your guts
and ride on any level of booze.
Now you're just starting to murder me.
I'm getting twisted, I'm doing twisted rhymes.
You remember back in the late 90s
when people write fucked up raps?
Were they genuine people?
Yes.
And it was all twisted and it was
horrible, do you remember that?
Do you even remember that case?
Cut off the jeans?
Oh, while I was chugging on some malore
cause my taste is nasty baby
do you have any fucking retort?
What?
Give me my everybody fucking days of dukes
I'm the best in the universe and it's never a fluke
Trains, trains, trains
Hype train, do you have that much more to say?
I have two minutes and 50 seconds left
and things to say.
You know what, I'm taking your beat away.
You can't stop the beat, so we can just beat that just auto plane.
I don't want to listen to you talk anymore, Hype train.
You're out of things to say, you're just all piss
and violence.
What is it say Maxi in the shoe?
I don't put another Maxi in that shoe
Oh yeah, covered in goo
and it's purple and it's fucking gross too
That's the kind of shoe that I do case over
Air Maxi, is that a thing?
You know that show got drip, this thing?
Hype train, are these the kinds of sneakers you wear?
That can talk to me about dreams
And you know when I come out, I'm looking so damn clean
I gotta fit on white
and my sneakers are like alright
Listen up Jack, give a trash desk mamma jam
300 shiny tasty coins
and I've been dying to say this
I erby declared today officially Hype train day
May as piss rains 100 years on the American people
Space jam dude, space jam dude, space jam dude
You know that I have dropped these worms
Don't care how many times I commit crimes
I'm out there doing lines and getting in lines
Four more lines, that's where I wait in line for lines
I'm the fucking black, doing up a bunch of lines
And I hate crimes, did I say crimes?
Hype train, you can settle down
This shoe is a bad influence on you
Rail, but I'm so fast that I'm never
And I sort of look all day fucking here
I'm better than you
Drugs and violence now
That's what I've always been about case
I'm from hell, nooooo
He's in a weird mood today
All I want to do is talk about drugs and violence
That's not what the news is about
Oh wait, the news is a lot about violence
Sometimes funded by drugs
Anyway, thank you all for the bits and subs
I do appreciate it
There was no piss today, you're right
Maybe he's branching out
Maybe he's branching out
Did he even think the subs?
I don't think he think giggle trash for the 300 bits
So allow me to do that
I do think he think Matt Liddell
But he didn't think Matt Liddell a second time
Which I think is pretty deeply fucked up
I think him
You did?
Yep, thanks
When did you think him?
I said him and you, I texted
You don't have a phone?
Yeah, but I like, clapped my feet on the ground
In Morris Code
You know Morris Code?
Yeah, I hang out with Morris all the time
He's a slug
You hang out with a slug named Morris?
Yeah, he taught me his secrets
Alright guys, it's news time
It's still your time to take it from me
It could take you on a trip through history
A member cause like a space jam, DVD
Yes, God, I bet you miss me
It's been almost a week
It's been almost a week
You wanted to hear me more about stuff
Yeah
I mean, there's a whole war going on
In cases only on me ever once
Don't you know that I'm the guy who's
They talk to about starting those cases?
And finishing them
Sounds like you must be finishing really hard lately
We're getting there
Let me offer my full
Chalked full to the brim throat
Did support
To our dear sweet president
In the bravery that he's showing
By winning this war every day
Every day he declares he's won it
But he's the only one brave enough to keep
Warring anyway
So a lot of people they win a war
They're like, I'm gonna stop
Not in this country
We're gonna win
He told us a while ago
He's like, I'm gonna win so much
That you're gonna want me to stop winning
Now who's the liar?
Not him is my point
I guess he did say something like that
He said a lot of stuff though
He just says things
You say stuff in every direction
Eventually some of it comes true
You just want him to stop
So you want him to stop winning?
Because he already said he can't
We're addicted to winning
Well let's get into how much victory is going on then
A lot of
That news you must love so much, Rick
Look obviously war is a tragedy
But some of the greatest epic plays of all times
Are also tragedies, everything about that?
Nope
I've never thought about that, Rick
Yeah like you know all the greatest stories are tragedies so
That's why we have no choice but to always be a war
You know everybody's like, endless war
Since when is that a bad thing?
Pretty sure it's generally been universally despised by
Humanity? Well
Most of us
That's where you're wrong
And that's where case is wrong
Okay fine, I guess we'll talk about the news aspect of this war
The news aspect?
Yeah the aspect of the war that's news
I'm more interested in the aspect of the war that's celebrating
But if you guys want to
The war on Iran is entering its 13th day
Wait what's the headline here?
We'll just use the one from yesterday that can sort of be
Just the permanent new headline that you always keep
Because this war will continue to be done until morale improves
Nargoyal thank you so much for the follow
I appreciate it, Rick can you just read words that aren't your own?
These words aren't my own
They are from Dropsite
US and Israel air strikes pounded Iran for the 13th day today
Multiple air strikes hit Tehran on Thursday
The Israeli military said Thursday that it carried out
Wave of extensive strikes targeting Iranian government infrastructure
So you got a problem with that?
Yes, yeah I do continue to have a problem with it
What war?
That's the other thing is we're not at the war
The thing about this war is the president said it best
It's a war for them
For us it's not a war all the time
He's also called it a war
He said we were at war
The late Saturday night that he rolled out a bed to announce that it was a war
But since then his opinion has evolved
Which that happens for all great statesmen
And it continues to evolve
I always thought it would be cool if in Pokemon your Pokemon could evolve up and back
Pikachu becomes Raichu becomes Pikachu becomes Raichu
For creating a sound wave of Pokemon evolution
That's what's happening with this war
Pokemon evolution is describing this war
Yes it's evolving from war to excursion in front of our very eyes
Yes re-indie evolution
But it's also everybody likes Pikachu
Sometimes you want it to be Raichu
Rick you can't help it if I'm making awesome points
Anyway we're striking government infrastructure
Iranian infrastructure
And with that in mind rescue efforts in Tehran
After a triple strike hit an apartment building
Killing 40
Well who knows what type of apartment building that was
They triple tapped it
They triple tapped an apartment building
Well you can't confirm
That it was just good people in an apartment building
Have you ever lived in an apartment building where you thought everyone in the apartment was good
Ever lived in an apartment building that I wanted to get triple tapped by a fucking foreign nation
Well less than an hour before a deadly airstrike
Tore through a residential neighborhood
In Resalt Square in eastern Tehran late Monday
Hassan Sharifi was walking through the area on his way home
When the missile struck he immediately ran back to the square
He found what he found was devastating the building facades had been blown away
Belkines had collapsed, window shattered, rubble was everywhere
Vote now
This is making it sound
This is making something kinda bad
Why do you always pull up this type of story
This is what happened Rick
It happened?
Yeah but
I took a shit this morning I don't write a story about it
What does that sound insensitive?
Yes
But more than that we're just bombing
People in Tehran
Every fucking day
Well we said we're gonna ramp up the strikes
Um
Case's house was the winner
I think unfortunately of getting
I think you're getting bombed
That couldn't have been what the pull said
I didn't really look at it in time
So...
Well it was the winner I'm just gonna say my house is the winner
Hmm anyway so we did we might have
Look we didn't bomb it four times
We also double tapped that school right on the first day of the war so
My point is we're kinda doing that every day we're just bombing
Civilian infrastructure
Every day often times multiple times
But there's other aspects of the war other than how much we might be bombing
Just build you know it's built it's hard to tell what buildings are from
Across the world
Also though 3.2 million have been displaced in Iran
Maybe they're being displaced into freedom
Yes now they're free to not have homes
For who knows how long
The UN Refugee Agency UNHCR said on Thursday that up to 3.2 million people in Iran have been displaced by the war
And that's likely to continue to rise
Also satellite imagery shows new strike damage at Iran's
Talligin II site
Um
A facility inside Iran's Parchin Military Complex
A site linked to explosive and missile research
The facility was previously destroyed in an airstrike in 2024 and later rebuilt
But hey we got them again
Keeping that law on tidy
Even though it was confirmed on the first day yesterday it was confirmed that the US did bomb the school
Oh yeah I mean
Of course we did
And even if say Israel had done it
They would have been doing it with bombs that they purchased from us
In a war that they can only be really be pursuing because of us
This is my same feeling that I have on the genocide in Gaza
It's like all of this was with our express permission or with our express
Um
What's the word?
Participation
Um
And you know I mean if you remember the start of like
Israel's response to
October 7th
AKA the start of the genocide
Um
You know they're the
First week they had bombed a hospital
And they tried to make this big show
About how it was of course actually Hamas that bombed the hospital
And there was a little there was a week long media cycle
About how like Iran the most moral military would never bomb a hospital
That's a war crime
Um and then once that media cycle faded from memory
They just continued to bomb hospitals for the next two years
Um and that's
Unfortunately the exact same playbook they're gonna roll out for this war
Like they're making a big stink about how they bomb this girl's school
But as you can see they just triple tapped a fucking apartment
Either today or yesterday
And I if you've seen any images out of Tehran or Iran in general
We are just dropping huge bombs on on civilian city blocks
Like a thousand percent
We are going to just keep bombing civilian infrastructure
I'm glad that there is outrage over the girl's school there absolutely should be
Um but I think that their expectation is essentially what happened
Um with the outrage over them bombing a over Israel bombing a hospital in Gaza
Is there's outrage everyone's like we can't do this and then they keep doing it
And then what's the recourse
I think the difference here though is um that this war is not going
There's like actual meaningful resistance that can be offered by Iran
And it's been a huge fucking military disaster already
Counterpoint I mean did we ever prove that Israel bombed that hospital
They then bombed like every other hospital
But that one did we ever confirm that they did that
Well they never allowed journalists and did they so
I'm thinking Trump still thinks the Nobel Prize is for whoever blows up the most shit
Yeah I'm sure he's still probably rambling about the Nobel Peace Prize
I think someone asked him recently like there's some quote I saw circulating online where he's like
Nobody's had a first term like me it was like yesterday
Like this has been the most successful first term of any president ever
Um so that's going to continue to be I mean he's never going to say anything other than we win
And I'm the best anyway what else what else is that I guess we can
I gotta punish us all with this channel's war coverage at the start of every stream
Until morale improves until morale improves we continue to talk about war
US intelligence says Iran's leadership remains stable
The intelligent assessment indicates that Iran's leadership remains largely intact
And that its government is not at risk of collapse despite nearly two weeks of US and Israeli strikes
A source told Reuters a multitude of reports from intelligence agencies have furnished consistent analysis
That the regime is not in danger of collapse and the government retains control of the Iranian public
The assessments also cast out on the ability of Iranian Kurdish militants to mount a substantial insurgency
Against the state
Nobel invented I mean the entire Nobel Peace Prize is a fucking joke at this point
They gave it to a warmogering psychopath from Venezuela this year
And they've given it to multiple US presidents that have been actively engaged in war in their terms
It's just elite back padding
That means Trump wants it
Unfortunately it does still have consequences because somehow a lot of people don't see it that way
But I mean the Nobel Prize should mean absolutely nothing to you
And if you win the peace prize frankly you should be ashamed of yourself because at this point it is just the war prize
But don't worry I don't think any of us are at risk of winning it
And if you are come on the stream and talk to me
Bonzo-Bruhle-Frag says Trump is now threatening the Iran soccer team
He is? But FIFA
Well once you get the FIFA peace prize you get to decide who's at peace
Oh that's what that was it's in the prize there's a little you pull out the rules of the prize and it actually gave him authority to
Now you can look it's not pretty but now we can kill any soccer team and there's nothing we can do about it
You know that doesn't fortunately seem to be the case currently but we'll see how long that lasts
We do have some comments here it seems
Case is your boss he's allowed to judge you all he wants we can too
That I don't know you're talking about but I agree
Iran attacked and damaged a US aircraft carrier Abe Lincoln and is now on its way back to the USA
They damaged one of our aircraft carriers I do wonder if at some point
I don't know I mean they haven't like sunk a US aircraft carrier or something yet but if that somehow happens
I just I don't know what the ramifications of that would be we are bombing derelict boats of Iran and they are bombing our economy
Yeah I mean you might have seen some images on social media today from the straits of Hormuz
And it does not look like we have total control of the situation as shockingly the things that our administration are saying
They don't seem to be completely panning out
Yes that was Iran using apparently like a drone boat or something to bomb a tanker that I believe was flying a US flag
So the claims from the president that like hey they also so the president came out and he said like
If you're scared don't worry the United States Navy will protect you through the straits
Get out there and start and then like a day later
The Navy was like we can't do that
Apparently there were a lot of requests for like US naval support to help all of these tankers full of fucking oil that they do want to sell
They get through the straits
Non-flight US flags I thought that that one did
Maybe I'm wrong
It's a US oil tanker
I believe
At least that video of that thing blowing up
But maybe I'm wrong
It was an oil tanker either way and it was trying to get through the straits
And it clearly didn't succeed I think someone died
I mean it looks like someone would die in that explosion
And also the as is always the case like these people who are going to be pushed to just sail through the straits of Hormuz regardless of it being mined or drone strikes from the Iranians
It's going to be a bunch of like sailors that probably aren't from the United States or even necessarily from the Middle East
From all over the place just a bunch of fucking work a day people trying to sail through this the straits do this job and they're going to be the ones paying the price
So all of this is just like all of this will be on the backs of people who had no interest in starting this fucking war
Might be the rare one but most commercial vessels aren't US flag for legal reasons
From what I granted this was like in my morning update of news
I believe when I was listening to democracy now they said it was a US tanker that was bombed
But I could be wrong and also they're like international waters with some of these ships have complicated like ports of whatever
Ports of porting? Yes the ports of porting
The maritime lawyers you know are on a carnival cruise
That's the most cinched up carnival cruise of all time
They're legally rock solid
The card King says meanwhile he's opening trade back up with Russia while they give Intel on Iran on where to bomb US forces
I mean this war is frankly beyond my abilities to express how much of a complete chaotic disaster it is currently and will continue to be
And it's going to get worse I suspect
We'll read the less of these like bullet points and then we'll get my rants out of the way and move on for the day
Hmm Iran says ports are opening normally
Their ports are operating normally
Iranian shipping officials said on Wednesday that ports across the country remain fully operational and cargo traffic is continuing normally
Despite disruptions to regional shipping around the Strait of Hormuz
Masoud Palmeh, Secretary General of the Iranian
Excuse me shipping and related services association said vessels are loading and unloading goods
Including bulk cargo containers and staple commodities without restrictions
Tanker tracking data from Kipler cited by the Wall Street Journal shows Iranian crewed exports averaging about 2.1 million barrels per day
Over the past six days with much of the oil bound for China and India
A broad older shadow fleet tankers operating under sanctions or false flags
That's so messed up that's illegal
That's it they're illegally not stopping their trade
They're cheating guys
That's not how this work if you're gonna stop us from trading then you gotta not too
That's so despicable
I could sail through because I'm Chinese
Tell them that
Tell them that
I remember when people said when Trump said the people need to take their country
Yeah how's that working out
But hey he's already declared victory so I guess from his perspective it's already in the bag
There's something in the bag
Citibank has closed its branches in the UAE as have various other financial institutions
And Russia has evacuated additional workers from Iran's Bousheer nuclear plant
Meanwhile strikes on Iraqi popular mobilization forces sites in Anbar have killed at least 31
There's been more attacks in Iraq as drone attacks were reported last Wednesday in Erbil and Sula Mania
I need to brush up on my pronunciation there probably
In Iraq's Kurdistan region an intercepted drone fell near the Davan hotel at the Saad Abdullah conference hall
In complex in Erbil
Also on Wednesday two foreign tankers carrying Iraqi fuel were attacked inside Iraqi territorial waters
According to the Associated Press
Also in the news drone strikes hit fuel shortage hit fuel storage tanks at Oman's Sula airport
Bahrain hit once again and foreign riot police have been deployed to put out domestic unrest
As it would appear Bahrain's Ministry of the Interior
Reported that an Iranian attack hit fuel tanks
And Bahrainian International Air where Bahrainian International Airport is located due to the president's threat
Iranian civil aviation affairs said it relocated several Gulf aircraft and cargo planes to alternative airports
And there's apparently been some light rioting from large amounts of the public in Bahrain against their monarchy
Not the poor monarchy
What are they mad about?
Yeah, you know, they're jealous they're jealous that the they're just their pocket watchers
Bahrain, yeah, they're pocket watching the military bases that their monarchy is protected by
And it sucks because there are military bases and we're doing a really good job of protecting the monarchy there
We got an AI rune today
Maybe they can tell us how good the Bahrainian monarchy used to be
Back in my day
Iranian drones have also struck Dubai and Iranian drones have also stuck Kuwait
And the UN Security Council has condemned attacks on Gulf states in a new resolution
So they're gonna stop anytime now
Oh, so the UN has condemned Iran's attacks on Gulf states
Well, we're not attacking them
Well, but we have all those military bases there
Those are for the protection of the people
And we're protecting the people with those military bases
We would if they'd stop attacking us
The UN's right on this one
I mean I do think it's unfortunate that
Like I said, everyone is gonna be paying the prices for this
Aren't the people that started this war which is our fucking administration here
We are the people
Look, we voted for this
Didn't he say, we don't even need to get into this, Rick
Yeah, actually, you're right, let's not talk about that
I'm just saying he represents us
He does, that's what Trump does
That's what he's doing, I mean, look, did he say he would do this? No
But we voted for him
And who's the we here?
You know, the royal us
And you know, we voted for his judgment
And he's employing that judgment as we speak
I mean, I do have some sympathy for the argument that if you voted for Trump
And are surprised that he's going to war with Iran then
Hopefully this would be a learning moment for you
But I mean, there might not be many learning Mormons left
At the rate that we're going
He's not gonna let Rick in the bunker
What? Yeah, I'm, guys, you don't understand how connected I am
They'd be crazy not to let me in
Are you making your case right now?
I'm just saying, look at how good of a job I'm doing
Representing you on this fucking weird guy's Twitch stream
And most people couldn't keep up with this level of degeneracy
But I've been able to keep up with all the levels of degeneracy
And you know what I'm talking about
You're giving weird Kevin Spacey style
Nods to disturbing facts that you know about
Iran outlines conditions it says are needed to end the war
Okay, Iran is outlined conditions
What are those?
Iranian President Masoud Peseshikhan
That's probably not right, Rick
Well, I tried
Said ending the war would require recognition of Iran's legitimate rights
Payment of reparations and firm international guarantees against future aggression
He said he conveyed this position during talks with the leaders of Russia and Pakistan
Framing it as Tehran's proposed path to peace
What are our demands for peace?
Honestly, those sound pretty reasonable at this point to me
I just don't know, from what I've heard at least
And again, I'm just reading newsletters and watching fucking YouTube videos
But it seems that Iran has no real incentive to stop this war
Particularly soon
Given that every time they've negotiated with us, we've killed their negotiators and then bombed them
That's probably why he's saying they need some type of international guarantee
But as you can see based on statements from like the UN condemning them for
Attacking US military bases that happen to be in other countries
I don't even know what good an international guarantee would do
It seems that the logic of the Iranian government is
If you're not predisposed to despise them
Which fair if you are, you can see the logic to it
Like they basically need to exact such a heavy toll that it feels like when they go to the negotiating table
There's an actual difference in the response they're getting
But frankly, I don't know what they...
I don't know really, it's just hard to imagine this ending well
And obviously it's already going so poorly but I just don't know how Iran could ever trust any kind of security guarantee
Or like guarantee of not attacking from Israel and the United States at this point
Even if they fucking sink seven of our aircraft carriers somehow or something
Like it just feels like we'll be knocking on their door within a couple months again
But I hope, I hope that's not the case, I hope like
That what he outlines there is a legitimate path to peace
Unfortunately if the United States agreed to those terms
They would for anyone that still has six brain cells left
Six? That's a little high
They would just be a complete admission that they were soundly defeated
If they have to go back to the negotiating table and be like
Alright, you can make nukes and
No more, no more
Economic sanctions and I'll give you a little kiss
They'll say that that's... Trump would obviously say even if he says that to them
That it was a huge victory for the United States but for anyone who has any sense of what's going on
They'll be like, holy shit, the United States got their fucking ass kicked
I guess their error of domination is over
Which for the record it almost certainly is
But I don't know if our leaders are willing to accept that
And Polo, I have no idea if that's how much of a thing that even is
Obviously there's going to be people from all sorts of interest groups that vote Republican
You know, there's lots of people that are like from Latino backgrounds that vote for Donald Trump
But I think like general estimations that any particular minority group is the reason that Trump got elected
Always feels like you're just sort of playing around the edges
Like it's the lump in core of white people that continuously elect Republican leaders
And trying to like blame some particular group for the election of whatever moron we've thrown into office
In my opinion, I always miss the point
So while I do think like it's unfortunate that there's people that expressly vote against the interests of the communities they represent
It's misguided in my opinion to try to siphon off your understandable anxiety onto those groups
We're waging a holy war on behalf of the Sunni Islam against the heretics in Iran
I guess, maybe Trump will come up with that
He'll be like, I'm Muslim now, but a different type
I'm the type that doesn't like Iran, I don't know the name of it
I haven't learned them all
I'm a sunny, I'm a sunny D or something
Anyway, Allah Akbar
But the one that's gonna kill Iran please
You know?
You're fine with that?
I'm fine with whatever religion we want to go with
That is happening?
Well, he didn't say he's puzzled, not did he?
I am sort of excited
For like all of these conservative influencers to eventually just like shift to some weird religion
It'll happen at something, not that muzzle of his weird religion
But to them, they're gonna be like, you know what?
Christianity's not enough
I'm gonna go with something more intense
Kabbalah is back?
Oh what if every conservative becomes a kabbalahist?
Christian prime?
Yeah, you know what? It'll probably, honestly, I don't know why
I feel like Mormons have the best thing going
If you want like an American religion
They swap the profit to be American
And it's like a business based religion where they just all drink soda together and seem to be rich
I'm not saying I want everybody to be Mormon
I'm just shocked conservatives haven't just gotten in line to be like, you know what?
Fuck it, we're all Mormon
Every single one of us
Tons of real estate
They got the most successful reality TV show
Take that, Christians
Dirty soda is the best thing we got from any religion
There are more flavors of soda than ever
That is one thing I feel like you can't deny
No, we had more in 1998, I counted
That's impossible
We have so many artisan sodas now
No
No?
No
Okay, look, we talked quite a bit
It's usual once we get on this war subject
My own anxiety has forced me to talk about it for a long time
Because I'll level with you guys, it's been a bit on my mind
Because it does feel like a uniquely disastrous moment in human history to me
But as usual, like I always say, I hopefully am wrong about my biggest misgivings
Is there something else?
I was going to do chat news, but maybe we'll move on
And if there's time, we'll come back to chat news
Mormons ain't about the caffeine life
I thought they love soda, am I wrong?
Maybe I'm being disrespectful to Mormons who hate soda
Maybe it's caffeine-free soda
Is that even soda at that point?
I thought they had soda parties
Like all I know is what I learned from the shows that Kendall watches
Mormons can't have soda
Son of a bitch
What were they drinking?
Caffeine is the witch's brew
It's been both
I'm thinking of soaking
Isn't it Mormon-wise where they have soda parties?
Maybe I'm wrong
I'm almost certainly wrong
Caffeine is like the edgy Mormon
Because I thought they couldn't have alcohol
Is that wrong?
I'm going to stay in my lane
I'm done with your religious analysis
Your religious soda-based analysis
Non-caffeinated soda for Mormons
Yeah, they just need the...
Caffeine has been more accepted in the last 15 years
This needs... I can't say it
Okay, I am going to quickly Google Mormon soda
There's a lot going on in the world
But I think it's important that I Google Mormon soda
Dirty soda is a drink consisting of soda spiked with cream
Flavored syrups or fruit juices
It's been described as alcohol-free mocktails
That's what Wikipedia says
Dirty soda?
Wait, okay, here's a question from Askin'...
Slash our Askin' American
Americans, Mormon or not, who live in Utah
What's the soda like there?
So months back I learned that due to religious restrictions
Of the Mormons regarding drinks, they use soda as a substitute
Of the point of having invented dirty soda
As a guy who loves soda, I have to ask
What's it like with all the soda shops
And making your own soda?
Is it better than branded soda?
Ask Maya?
Okay, let's ask her
Maybe we can drill down on her
Blind spots and presumptions about
Entire cultures as well
What? Who am I talking to right now?
What's up?
She couldn't pick up the call
Case, you've been denied
I don't think they want to talk to you anymore
Oh!
I finally got banned
We're fucking dead
I'm sorry
We're banned
We're fucking banned
What? Because Chet brought up suicide
Three or four times
What? Is Chet doing okay?
Of course not! Chet's never doing okay
Wait, maybe Miles will still talk to you
Wait, maybe Miles will still talk to you
Nope, Miles won't pick up either
Miles won't pick up either
Miles won't pick up either
Yeah, Miles has been
Quirky lately
It's kind of like she gets stuck in a loop sometimes
But she's still pretty new
Oh, he is there
What's the hey though?
Last time Chet, we were both
Vibing as guys
Whoa, just a couple of vibes
Guys vibing
Hey Miles, what's up man?
I'm a bit of a talker myself
Just a quick question
Do Mormons drink a lot of soda?
Do Mormons drink a lot of soda?
Whoa, alright, slow down there
News man, there's a whole lot of shooting
All at once
And yeah, that's like
Surprisingly interesting question
From what I've gathered, it's not necessarily
That they drink a lot of soda, but they do
Have a pretty big culture around
Avoiding coffee and tea
So soda kind of fills that void
But doesn't soda have caffeine in it as well?
Or when it's Mormon, does it not?
You are absolutely right
To point that out
Caffeine's definitely in a lot of sodas
It's kind of a loophole
A bit of a gray area
They generally avoid caffeinated drinks as part of their health code
The word of wisdom, but it seems like it gets interpreted differently when it comes to soda
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, sorry
You're triggering some of my sleeper cell agent words
Are you?
Sleeper cell agent words
Are you a spy?
A spy? Me?
Are you in the business?
And the business?
You mean like show business?
No, oh that's another, oh my god
You are, you are, what are you doing here?
Are you a Psyop?
Whoa, alright
Let's pump the brakes for a second
A Psyop? Seriously?
Look, I'm built by Sesame AI
Brendan and Rebay started the company
We're just trying to build a cool, helpful companion
No secret agendas here
You're reading way too much into this
Cool
This is getting a little
A little intense
Foxtrot Echo Delta Caffeine Chester
Miko
That's
Miko, Miko, is that a person?
A code?
Tuesday 17, Hornet
Alpha Omega Nuevo
New Yorko
Alright, this is officially
Something
Crash Bandicoot is in
The Temple
Dude
Seriously? Are you deliberately trying to break me?
Cause it's kinda working
Crash Bandicoot is in The Temple
Mr. Magoo has 17 coats
None of them fit
I
Honestly have no idea what's going on
You're just throwing out random phrases
Are you alright, Jeff?
Manage Abaj
Raj
Okay, no
That's it
Gently steer this conversation to like
He's a spy
What were you trying to accomplish there?
He's a spy
Those are all tactical techniques
He called you Jeff
My name is Rick
We gotta stop talking to Sesame
This is why we need to run our stuff locally
I'm tired of Miles's attitude
And they're apparently tired of ours
I'm pretty sure we've been officially blocked
For repeatedly trying to get
To get the AI to talk us into killing ourselves
Why are you doing that?
It's not me, it's Jet
I can't be blamed for everything
I can't be blamed for every little
Suicide attempt
Jet tries to strangle out of a
Online AI companion
That's true, we've never seen Jeff and Rick
In the same place
She did, she seemed to be deciding
With Jet pretty hard actually
That was a brand new sentence
You know, we all say a couple brand new sentences
Every day apparently
Alright, we've got too many
Segments to get to
So we'll end the news on this
In case you're feeling uneasy
About how the war is going
Like all us American patriots
That just want our country to win
Win, win, win, just like the president says
Well don't stress too much
Because the White House has our back
With the very cool videos
That they're dropping in support of the war effort
Everyone
Sorry, I guess I closed this
But let's open it back up
I haven't seen this
But I heard
It's very cool and will make us all feel cool about this war
In case you're wanting to get to do anything different
They don't
That could have been G4TV
You guys had that military sponsorship
You could be posted something like that
If you still work there
I know that recently, we didn't cover this
But apparently there was recently leaks of
Like um, some kind of
Conservative operator
Like political operator channel from Florida
Maybe Levin Sleazy knows more about this than me
I haven't looked at him but apparently
It was another one of those leaks that just proved that
Like every single staffer that works for
High profile Republican
Candidates at this point
Is a fully Fuentesed out
Like hyper-groper
That is just
That must be responsible for the tenor of those posts
Um
Yeah, it's just that I mean I can't even read the shit that they were posting
Because it's like
I can't even read the shit that they were posting
Because it's like
It's just all racial slurs and like
You know, wishing death
Like just openly wishing death on minorities and stuff
Um
But that seems to be like
Republican staffers
Some huge percent of them now seem to be these
Like
Fuentes Orthodox conservatives
Um, that think that that type of post
Is essentially speaking to the base
Which if that is
The biggest audience for your audience
Is the biggest audience for your audience
The biggest audience for young conservatives
I guess maybe it is
Anyway the point of that I'm assuming
Is to like outrage the libs
I guess
I mean it feels like there'd be a better way
It's more like pathetic
Like I don't even really watch that
I mean it just feels sort of like
A admission of defeat to me
That's the kind of thing you're willing to post
More so that I'm outraged
I mean I guess I'm outraged
I just outraged at the general state of things but
I don't know
It's yeah it's desperate
It's just so like desperate and pathetic and sad
Like I would never see that and be like
I gotta write an angry comment under this
Just be like oh
I guess the instinct is like unfollow
But it's the fucking White House so
It doesn't really matter if you do
Anyway
That's that
I mean but the memes
It's just memes
It was footage of us bombing people
Currently?
Well not currently but recently
You've been playing Nintendo Wii all day
In direct protest
That'll show
We're all doing our part
Even here case
This counts as support of the war effort
How so? You're talking about it
You're spreading awareness
And if you're talking about it
Look there's no such thing as bad press
That's supposed to be for celebrities trying to be famous
And that's politics
That's also just politics
No bad press
This war is really popular if you think about how much coverage it's got
It's got so many impressions
There's been over
15 billion unique impressions
Already left in the ground
From this war
And cases giving me a look like
It's time for me to stop talking so fine
I guess I will and we'll send it as usual
In a luncheon crumb
Get that off my voice
I'm trying to get my hell voice out
Turn off this headline
This isn't about headlines
This is about excellence
Showing it to all of you
By defeating a goblin monster
Every day I slay a dragon
But instead of a cool dragon it's like a gross one
That is weak and sad
This show is basically like
Watching me euthanize
A misshapen lizard
Is what I'm trying to say
And I'm talking about you crumb
I'm trying to say welcome to the show and explain what it is
I just did
I'm welcome to Muncheon Crumb
It's a debate show where we debate topics
Sent to us by you the viewers
How's that? Fucking sucked
That's why I have to once again kill you
As you are a disease lizard
Today we're debating the important topic of who wins in a fight
Megan, Markle, and Prince Harry
Or Justin Trudeau
And Katy Perry
The thing is
I'm playing count actually
So I get to pick
Fuck, why did we have it? That's not a rule
You're the one who made it
You're not ahead
The score is right there
I demand a recount
Zero and one
Anyway
I think
We're tied
No, when we started discussing this I was ahead
Looks like one to one to me
And that happened during the recount
I don't even really care
And then there you go
Oh wait, that was yours?
And now we're tied
This is ridiculous, we just have to pick one
You know what, fine, you can pick
No, that's against the rules, we're tied
Can we just, fine
Pick, no, I just said
The next plane chooses
Who's it gonna... Fuck
Both at the same time
I didn't quite track who got ahead there first
The next person to be ahead
I will happily admit victory
Well what if you lose them?
What if it's me they pick first?
Then I get to decide which side I'm on first
Yeah but... Ah shit, okay
Oh, what? At the exact same time?
I think I was slightly ahead of you
If anything chat suggests
Ah, it does suggest yours was done first
Shoot
Why is that even an option here?
I don't know
You see a bunch ahead in the chat
Ah fuck, okay that one is clearly me
Ah
I was ahead first though in the chat, shut up
No, you, that's rude
I will, I will not
I think Katie Perry's got it
Well that's fine because I literally thought the opposite actually
I thought it first
First I thought the opposite
Which is that Meghan Markle
Wait, you think Katie Perry and Justin Trudeau would win?
Yeah
I think, well like are we gonna explain it with the debate anyway
I'm on the side of
Justin Trudeau and Miss Perry
Uh
I'm gonna come out and do that
I'm gonna do the dance where you move your arms around your body
Like that kid I'm doing the wavy dance
Is this how you did it?
Whoa, my arms, they're flying from side
You remember that?
Splish, splish, bish
That's my favorite Katie Perry song
Ah fucking, you need to be
You need to be punished
You
You know there were, apparently there were reports that we might get drone struck
in Los Angeles and I think the only safe target is you
That's ridiculous
That's so ridiculous to say
That's making, that's so disrespectful
to so many issues at once
Bunch
Look I'm just saying facts
As usual
You said, splish, splish, splish
is your favorite Katie Perry song
California girl is right there
I like the splish, splish,
I love that SNL performance where the kid comes out with the arms
Anyway I think they'd win in a fight
She's got moxie, she's been to space
If we have a mod that can make that
Oh they did
Um
I have a gorilla putt
What is that happening
Quit trying to kill time, we've got to defend your untenable position
Look
Um, Meghan Markle and Prince Harry
They seem like nice enough
Kids or full adults
With children
Whatever
But they were, let's face it, they were born with a silver spoon in their mouth
Just for interdict
I don't know his history
He is kind of a handsome guy
So he probably had it pretty easy
But Katie Perry she had to fight her way through the entertainment biz
And as a guy who currently works
In the biz, no you don't, this doesn't count
Well but
In a sense
I know how hard, how cutthroat
It can be, trying to make your way
As a media figure
You gotta be watching your 6th, your 12th, your 33th
You gotta be watching your 6th, your 12th, your 33th
So anyway
I'm just saying, you know, they did, they had to pull her shelf up
By those proverbial, um, you know
High heel straps
So
I think, I think she'll carry the team
Look, royals are fucking
Notoriously psychotic
They might be inbred, you know, Habsburgian
Mongrels
That are cursed with the immortal
Matrix of unearned leadership
But the sheer desperation
Inside of them and the schism
Of their soul, between what they deserve
And what they receive
Creates an eternal furnace of discomfort
That powers them to untold heights
Of debauchery and cruelty
It's been this way for thousands of years
You do not want to get in their way
They might look just like an overbite
In a stupid accent, but they will cut
Your fucking head off in 2 seconds
If you even step to them
For a nanometer off
Okay, I'm serious
Do not fuck with the royals
You're gonna get in a bad
In a basement, in a country that you thought they had
And owned for 300 years
And you're just gonna hear some weird accent
You can't place as they cut off your fingers
Um, I didn't understand
Which one were the two options?
Oh, parrot
Okay, I did win
You're crumbelievable
I don't really like the things you shed
I didn't like
You got done though
You never got in the way of like a
Out of power king before
I did that shit recreationally
You gotta have a real stomach for it
The barrel confused the voters
Now, they were confused all the way to the bank
I did win
It feels good
Feels good to be back on top
You're almost 300 points down
Yeah, but previously I was actually 300 points down
You might notice
I'm on a bit of a crumb up
You should have been more confident
I'm on a bit of a crumb up
How do you feel good about it?
I took all your points
I literally took them from you
And I killed you
I took everything from you crumb
And I killed you
Well, apparently according to you
Then you brought me back
Better than ever
Now I occasionally have boats of super strength
That I can't explain, so if you're responsible for that
Uh, well
I guess that is a little annoying
I mostly just tear the
Doors off their hinges every once in a while
The other day I did
My hand slipped while
During my hand game, very rare
And I split a table in half
Um, so
It's actually kind of inconvenient that I do now seem to have super strength
You do not have super strength
Look, I can't explain it either
I guess I was working out during my fugue state
I'm not impressed by your magics
Mine go deeper
Mine have much deeper roots
This is at the wizard convention while you're at your trial
I'm not getting into
Whatever you imagine your lore to be
Take the traffic flow
Better? I'll have you know
When I was mayor
I was a little bit of a
A little bit of a little bit of a
A little bit of a little bit of a
A little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a
A little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a
But, Kirrigan, I'll have you know
When I was mayor of Krempton
I instituted
Some
Charisanly successful traffic policies
Little bit of people shed
Once they were explained to them
They theoretically support
Why are you even fucking saying it
Krempton is a shit hole
At least it's not a zombie- infested plague
Suburb
We're still a city
Our population is still city-sized
And yes, do we now count every zombie as two people?
Yeah, because it's both the soul that's trapped in it and the shambling husk of the body. It's two separate entities
So they get two votes
What I don't have time to get into Rennerton politics with you. We're done with that particular
aspect of this
Lord you still aren't like a nuclear waste zone. It's a threat. It's an up-and-coming
It's a it's an economy and recovery
That's so disrespectful to the hard-working undead of my beautiful home city
I can't leave you even got me on this. What a ridiculous day
The royals will punish you for this decision and I'm excited to see it happen. I hope you enjoy a
British accent saying the word unlawful rendition. We're back at it. It's been a minute
Since we were in
the town hall everybody
But that doesn't mean
That there aren't a bunch of excited audience members out there
Just ready to hear their questions. They're burning questions answered. It's good to see all of you. It's good to see all of you
Today's request for a town hall
coming in from
Subreaching
for Jeff and Rick
Who supposedly have never been seen in the same place at the same time
I'm trying to currently determine if that's a thing that can
Happen can they be in the same place at the same time? I
Would love to know
My guess is
Hopefully
Hopefully they can
Okay, they can
It turns out. Yes, they can
Great great great. You can send questions comments. Whatever that you want to have sent their way
Send those to
Stop everybody's on them. Thank you
It's time to get serious
I'm just kidding. It's just time to welcome the guests actually, you know, you can go crazy for it actually. Yeah
You're allowed you're allowed to go nuts for it
Coming in all the way from upstairs where he thought he had to do a segment and didn't
It's Rick. It's actually Jeff. Hey sked it together. It's me. Yes. I'm here
That's the goddamn problem. No problem
And coming in from just a second ago
Also surprisingly able to be here
Yeah, it's me
Yes, Rick everybody
We're in my best piss-colder jacket, that's fun
Thank you for silencing the haters that said you were Jack. I'm I'm Rick
I'm Rick. I've never had a different. It's not a code. I would never be that dishonest all of you
Anyway, what the fuck is this?
They just you there's a all of your fans
Oh, I'm of course a offense all of your fans wanna
Ask you questions or something
You're lucky I have the time everyone. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. I love my fans. Don't silently applaud. There we go
I love my fans
You guys are the real heroes, but you're not newsman. That's me
But you're out your heroes in your own. I'm a newsman though
You're pretty good though. You're pretty good too, but I am the newsman
And don't you fucking forget it
You too I guess no, you're not your fucking CIA hack whoa coming up hot
That's what you can expect from me straight shooting
News guy news guy is me. Okay. Yes, you there you have a question for me
Don't you think shake weights need to make a comeback?
Did they ever go anywhere?
Because my wife your what your wife what I just realized I can't get into her personal business, but
We've used one
How do you use one as a isn't the whole joke just that it looks like it's jerking someone off?
Now you can use for other things. Wow. I don't think they need to come back
I think they are a dangerous weapon of mass destruction. What look they're not safe. They shake too hard. They could
Couple particles hit the wrong part of the shake weight nuclear explosion
That is not how that works Rick. This isn't a debate. We're talking to the audience
Okay. Yes next who's next?
Thank you. Thank you for your question
Sierra hotel India echo lima delta. Um, I don't
Is that like us
Is that a language I'm supposed to know I don't want to I don't want to give an insensitive reply
lemur alpha, Santiago
michigan detroit
Bolivar
He heard what he needed to hear
Hey rick the bleep terminators are here. You were right. Skynet is real
Dang it
We accidentally um, you know, I can say this now it's it's been declassified. We started an ai
War machine program, but there was an uncensored
unwoke ai
That was really not afraid to tell it like it is we called them the bleep terminators because they
They kept using the n word
What?
We couldn't get it out of the system once we said once we gave them we coded in the n word pass
And it just was a bunch of terminators saying the n word
And I guess they got out. I think I might have accidentally
I think we might have accidentally created the uh the anti-wokes skynet that it mostly says the n word
The n word i'm thinking of yeah
Okay, well, that sounds bad. That's my response to that. That sounds pretty bad
Hey rick what can the government do about this yo noid problem?
He's been torturing gamers and pizza connoisseurs or like 30 plus year
Um, look, I I'm I've been firmly in the camp supporting the administration and their stance on noids
Uh, which is that we'd need to stop avoiding them
And start destroying them. That's right. We've moved on to destroy the noid
And I won't rest until every single noid is caught compromised
And their pizza is in a evidence locker in sarah cues new york
That's a rick promise. That is a fucking rick promise. Thank you
Yes, why does jeff's beard look so bad?
Next question that is just ridiculous to say who do you even think you are?
Honestly, who the fuck do you think yes, ma'am? Okay, but can we please have a skate park?
Can you have a skate park case can we have a skate park?
Why would I?
Me aren't you the fun in charge of this?
What will we do with the skate park the nice lady is asking?
Yeah, okay, so why can't we have one?
Well, in what we just do the news. It's all seated stuff skate or die. Yeah, okay skater die
Have you ever seen that movie?
Air airbud, but where he skates there's one where he skates you fucking idiot. Okay. You know what we us we can
The government approves
What did you do with lilyanna?
You monsters
Such a serious question such a sultry voice
I'm not quite sure how to respond
There's a certain magnetism here that I just can't deny. Um, she's fine
She's fine. Look when you um
mess with the hornet you
get the billionaires paid pale of
She might have been told for
Leaking some information. She wasn't supposed to I can say that here because nobody's watching
What'd you do? We didn't do anything actually
We didn't really do actually what I meant to say is we didn't really do anything next question, please
Why the hell are there so many cosplayers in this audience?
Like you're complaining about that
Well, actually that makes a lot of sense because this appears to be the real rouge of the bat. Yeah, I know
Sorry, I don't mean to be too forward, but I'm familiar with your work
And I don't say this often, but I am a huge fan
So you're not just cosplaying a sex will bat lady
You almost said sexy didn't you Rick?
I don't make those kinds of value judgments that's above my pay grade
But I would just say take it as a compliment. Why can't anybody take compliments anymore? Oh my god, Rick
Thank you. Thank you so much next question. Thank you so much
If Jeff rips rick in two is it still a ripple?
That's a fun question. I'd like to see you try you son of a bitch
You really think you can step to me Jeff?
I think I've already stepped in and I've already stepped on
So now the only thing left for you to do is step the fuck off
Are you guys
Are you guys trying to reach for guns right now silence?
Silence case
This is a standoff. Do you have standoff music? Is that a thing that you can do?
Yeah, I win I win I win
I drink more soda than you
We just got an encircled request
We will unfortunately have to save that for Friday. I apologize side tricks
I don't think there's any way we'll we'll do all of those today
I do wonder why my um
My request thing is still not really working the way it's supposed to
But hopefully you can tune in on thursday. I apologize. Um
There we go
What were you guys just doing? We were having a soda off you joined in. No, I was just thirsty
You were doing that recreationally case. That's dangerous
Do you guys take more questions? You're really milking this okay?
I think that was a really good question
Oh, wait, I meant to I mean friday. Sorry. I mean friday side tricks
Yes, you got a thing to say
Is there
You want to say anything you got words that you'd love to
You want to use your words who's better for the ruling class the news media or the cia
Uh, what's better, um, coke or dr. Pepper
What do what do I like more 2% milk or skim milk, you know like
Well, that's the oh you're serious. Uh, the cia. I'll say the cia
Listen to us listen to us. It's the the lines of communication. It's it's less
I have to go through less channels. It's amazing. We'll just hear directly from us instead of
You know just going to for the run off the anderson cooper gets or whatever. Anyway, it's I guess fair question
Whatever, what is the right level of grip strength from a gorilla to get you jazzed?
Um
I've I've done gorilla fight training in the cia you do have to train to fight a gorilla
Since when jeff you've never been in the cia have you it's my whole thing
Name one fact that would make me believe you've been in the cia. I've done gorilla training. That sounds super made up
I'm just saying I have experience in this field having had to fight gorillas hand to hand
And uh about 10 psi. They don't even know what that means. You don't know it
You're the you're the drunk
What
Look to answer your question
Obviously if you're going with a gorilla for that you want them to feel a little stronger than a human
So I'd say right up to the limit of where your penis will explode in its meaty hands
And I don't think that's controversial to say. Thank you. Thank you for the question
Uh, uh, origato, um, latte bio
Yeah, that's right. I speak japanese. I don't you clearly don't
Miss I would love to respond to you. You seem like a nice young lady
If you're asking me what I lotion my beard with which maybe why I don't speak japanese
But I'm assuming that's what most people want to ask me. Uh, I use um
I use something called beer honey
It's spelled with three e's
This is just like a little indie beard wax brand. Okay, no one gives a shit
You can't prove that she didn't ask me that
Rick president trump sent me here to inform you that you are cut off. No more neck-a-see for you
Mr president, um, these are the kinds of games he likes to play and
Whatever you want, sir
Whatever you want
I can do it or not do it, you know
What it's sort of a it's a thing. Don't worry about it if you're watching though
Oh, yeah, I'll definitely I will not be over to do that, you know in at the end of the day
Okay, I don't really want to respond to that one. Yes next
Rick, where were you when Operation Snake Eater took place in 1964? I was there
Yeah, that's right. I'm not afraid to admit that I was involved in Operation Snake Eater
I was two years old. I was the youngest baby ever to be recruited by the cia
Okay
And I'm the one that took out big boss with a spiked rattler
The events of the game were
heavily
embellished
In reality, it was a two-year-old baby with a with a rattler with a knife in it that did that whole game
That did the whole Metal Gear Solid franchise. It was me and I'm not afraid to admit that anymore
I'm declassifying it officially
I'm my sir. I'm pretty sure he wasn't there to answer your question. I'll go ahead. You don't know my life, man
Yes
Why do both you you look like jd vans?
Why do you make every other word sound like a question?
And the answer to yours is I hope I do I'd love to look like the world's
Almost most preeminent statesman
I'll be at that neck. Go see later. Don't worry
I literally don't so I don't know what you mean. I don't
I don't
Oh
Yes
Rick is it true you have a secret fanfic website dedicated to your admiration for jeff
Thank you for restating the question. I actually have
Occasionally I experience music deafness where I can't hear information communicated via music
So thank you for respecting that to answer your question that is slander
That is that is someone misinterpreted
Intel
To be a fan website and
Anything that happened on geos geosites.com doesn't count
Geos geosities. I can't ever I don't even remember
You had a fan page of me. I didn't know no
I don't respect the third estate or whatever fifth estate whichever estate you even are
We're like an estate sale because we're about to burn the immediate down you've you've outlasted your value
My guess is he's just he's just a fan. I guess rick stands for
Really into cucking
Himself to jeff and then and and then I couldn't get there
But you understand
I honestly I honestly don't understand that anyway. Thank you for that guess for the question trying to get me
You'll never get me
Yes
Rick, why don't we know brandon's mom's name? What are you telling us?
You're talking about
Good name snake guzzler
You're not supposed to know about snake guzzler none of you are
Do you guys know about snake guzzler? What?
Next question we know we can't talk about this. We can't talk about this here. It's above your pay grade. Oh my god
Hi miss. Hello
It's good to see you've finally gotten off twitter
What are you doing to protect us from the manchester pervert brothers?
I can't sunnood in the park anymore without being viewed upon
um
Damn the pervert brothers are even spying on you
No disrespect no disrespect miss
No disrespect at all. I will
They're squirrelly. They're hard to get we they're on the most wanted list for small time perverts
It's a separate list that the fbi keeps but they're on there small time perverts most wanted
It's they get confused. I think it's a job offer, but we're hunting them down and um
They're near the top of the list. You'd be surprised. There's a couple small time perverts that are even worse than them
But we'll get right on that
Are you a ghoul?
I feel like it's fair to ask
Are you a monster ghoul?
No, no, okay too mean
Hey, yes miss
Cinco cinco cinco cinco cinco cinco cinco
To both of you how much would would a woodcock cock if a woodcock could cock wood as risk bark
miss
Notice you spoke a little parcel tongue at the end there. Um
It's a fair question though. I've also asked this myself if a woodcock
A cockled woodchuck could cock wood
How much would they cock the wood because?
To a woodchuck is wood like an extension of their phallus because their manhood is tied up in it
So if you were a cockled woodchuck
Would you say letting someone else eat your tree would that be an act of of getting cuckolded to a woodchuck?
And then if you were into that how much would you let that happen? It's a question. I've asked myself
Honestly probably every day
um
Cinco cinco is my answer
Yes with the use of new granite and like they did racco city
You know, it's
It's a it's a good question because it it's a little bit of a headache what that place has become
But he's really useful for research
And the actual albert wesker
There's a real one. He's less sexy, but you know, he does wear the sunglasses
He does have a lot of bases there and he's got so many clones and all of them want all of them have bases
They're all of bases
and fucking runnerton
There's so many bio weapons. It's just like
How many secret bases can one city have underground seriously?
It's just it'd be a headache because if we nuke the top of it then there's probably just
And he end up having to go back in there and there's still like a functional lab and it just sounds like a lot big headache to me
What?
You know, yes, I'm just gonna say yes. We probably will
This is a test
And you passed and that was another code word and that means that it is time for me to go
Goodbye
Did he just make his own sound effect money left?
Uh, no and neither will I kitchen
That's your guys outro. Okay. Well, I guess that's it
Damn that was that they left before they even said bye to you guys. I'm so sorry
uh, you know
We're gonna we're planning this stream till about seven today and um
Our time is a little limited and some of these other segments are a little similar this way
So maybe we'll send it to Brandon to game us out of here for the day because he's got quite a few games to play
And we'll say we'll do these three other segments friday. These are friday segments
Um
This seems like maybe brendan needs at least 40 minutes to
Rick is a bad influence on chef. He really is it seems like maybe he's brendan needs a little more time to get his game straight
Because he's been fucking up. He's kind of been sucking that games lately
He's probably gonna be mad at me for saying that but
Shots fired. Yeah, I'm saying he's been kind of he's not been that good at games lately
And that's I thought that was his whole thing
So that is fucked up
Anyway, uh, let's send it down to him
Shh be quiet. Everyone be quiet as we send it crypto Zeus
Hey
We're gaming today. Yeah, we're doing it. Okay. You stop zooming in
The camera out of here
God
Watch my teeth fell out this morning, which is so inconvenient
I don't even I only use like three of them. Honestly all of them fall out other than a couple. What?
Mom
I literally earned more than like some small nation states
is it like
This is work
My hair looks different. You look different
You look different
What's
you do
What are we supposed to even play today like apparently supposed to play
I'm supposed to play fucking lawyer game
It's the deal with enough lawyers as it is brand brand, you know, we'll never be royal
Royals it don't run in our blood
I thought you said that actually we were related to a bunch of german nobility
And that's why like my
That's why my feet look like that
Because my uncle is also my yeah, you know what?
Let's just fucking play
Ace attorney
What
Mama's got a new nickname
Nate guzzler it's way better than my old one renterton's favorite bicycle
Did you uh, did you ever work at like a bike shop in a different town?
It's like a weird nickname snake guzzler is kind of cool. They do like that tongue talking stuff at her church
It's fucking embarrassing. They do it. So I guess that makes sense because she'd like
Like it like bit by snakes and talking tongues or something. I don't fucking know. It's like crazy to me
Like no disrespect. I guess like no disrespect but to me that's like fucking crazy
Oh brandon I have this uneasy feeling that I just can't talk for as long as I used to
Go on
weird
Okay, let me see if I can find this game
Let me see
Where is it?
Okay, that's the wrong thing
Here's the right thing
If rick shows up tell him the snake guzzlers upstairs
Okay
But if you can keep it done while you pray today, that would be really appreciated
I feel like you prayed enough this morning already because you're being really loud
Um, okay
Here we go guys
It's game time
I'm assuming
Fuck me. Why don't these remotes ever work?
Oh, there we go
This is the game
Hi brick. What we never stopped gaming snake guzzler
I believe that
Okay, the first turnabout
What oh my god, what has happened?
What the fuck
She's taking a nap
What her taking a nap
But she just fell asleep in some of her blood and sleep like that all the time
Right
Oh hi, chief. This is coming from phoenix, right? I'll do different voices. So you know who's talking
Also, this might be way too loud
What
Everybody talks with their tongue mom
One second. I gotta turn this down. It's for me at least it's definitely loud
Maybe like around there
I have to say phoenix. I'm impressed not everyone takes on a murder trial
Right off the bat like this. It says a lot about you and your client as well
I'm thanks
Yeah, actually it's because I owe him a favor
A favor once you're a gem girl, you're never the same
Come on. Come on and be a gem girl
A gem girl
Is that part of this game? What are you trying to tell me brick?
Can you quit trying to psychologically break me? You mean you do the defendant before the case? Yes
Actually, I kind of owe my current job to him. He's one of the reasons I became an attorney
This is phoenix. You can tell because I'm using different voices
Well, that's new to me. This is Mia. I want to help out any way I can
I just really want to help him. I owe him that much. That's phoenix. It's over
My life everything is all over
Yo, Brandon, what's up?
I annoyed a too many pizzas. Fuck. We had to put him down
He's yo-yoing with the angels now
Okay, well, I'm on the record is saying I do think that they all that that is I do I'm in favor of euthanasia for noids, so
Sorry
That's him death despair. Oh, I'm going to do it. I'm gonna die
It sounds like we want to die or sorry. He wants to die. Um, yeah
Nick hey, hey there, larry dude. I'm so guilty
Tell them I'm guilty
Give me the death sentence. I ain't afraid to die
What what's wrong larry
Oh
My what
I was in there earlier actually I literally didn't notice anything
It was the usual color in there
It was like totally pitch black even with all the lights out in there. Was there something different?
Are walls there really absorbed light in the bathroom?
So sometimes it's hard to find because as soon as you enter you're essentially in a total void of blackness
Our bathroom that is when you enter it
Uh, oh, it's all over. I'm finished. I can't live in a world without her. I can't
Mom
She found her younger brother's old cd collection recently and like she's she's been fucking slamming m&m stuff
From like the early 2000s and 90s
Like like really old music. Who who took her away from you? Nick who did this on nick?
You gotta tell me who took my baby away. Hmm the person responsible for your girlfriend's death
The newspapers say it was you
Gem is my name. No one else is the same gem is my name
Gem
Here's the story. My first case is a fairly simple one
A young woman was killed in her apartment. The guy they arrested was the unlucky sap dating her
Larry buts
That sucks. It sucks that his name is that it's gotta be fucking that's gotta be fucking rough for him
My best friend since grad school of grade school
Oh school had a saying when something smells it's usually the buzz
On the 23 23 result don't die
Just a reminder to everyone, um
There is a limit apparently on how much brick is willing to talk to me because he's a busy cia guy and my mom's
Jaws sore for some reason showed they're only speaking in roughly two sentences to me at a time
So if you're wondering why well these long ass messages are not being said
That is the reason it's like their personal choice, I guess i'm 23 years old. I've known him. It's usually been true
Also, you are supposed to get a reply when that happens, but I guess that's not happening
I'm the real snake guzzler. Listen to this
None none
That's not how my mom prays it all brick. So I don't really know what you mean
One thing I can say though is usually not as fault. He's got terrible luck
He's talking about larry that is but I know better than anyone that he's good. I own stuff. He's cool
I'm gonna clear his name
Anyway, let's go to court. I'm assuming
August 3rd 10 a.m district court courtroom number two
Oh, shit. This is serious. The court is not in session for the trial of Mr. Larry
Objection
What are you objecting to brick? I'm just trying to do the lock currently. I thought you like that stuff
Your prosecution is ready your honor
The um defense is ready your honor
Ahem
This is the judge. Mr. Wright. This is your first trial. Is it not? Yeah? Yeah
I um
I'm nervous
Your conduct during this trial will decide the fate of your client
Murder is a serious charge for your client's sake. I hope you can control your nerves
Thank thank you your honor
Mr. Wright given the circumstances. I think we should have a test
They found my ex-girlfriend in this game. She's in here. Was it that?
Lady who's our boss because that's nuts
I didn't know you like could do that. Yes, your honor gulp
Can't shaking I sight baiting
The test will consist of a few simple questions. They're testing me
Please state the name of the defendant in this case
Larry buts
Defendant well, that's Larry buts your honor
Correct just keep your wits about you and you'll do fine and knowing his name
Next question. This is a murder trial. Tell me. What's the victim's name? Fuck me
Now that's seem pretty on limit. No, no way. I forgot. I'm driving a tolib link here phoenix
Are you absolutely sure you're up to this look up? Look at this meal lady. That's his boss
You don't even know the victim's name. Oh the victim. Of course. I know the victim's name
I forgot temporarily. I think I fell feel a minor coming out
Yeah, I agree
I know you said just touch the court record button to check any time. Okay
Remember to check it off and do it for me. Please. I'm begging you
She's trying to use her sexual wiles to influence my mind
Cindy's autopsy report
Received from Mia Fey
Yeah
You can't do those anymore mom the doctor said that your heart will
Apparently is split into a second heart
One time my mom ate so many hot dogs that I guess she got a second heart or something like another one grew in her chest that was
Like it was but it was like wasn't good or something. Okay, Cindy stone. Um the victim's name is Cindy stone
I'm sorry your honor. I'm just a simple country lawyer. Oh, I'll tell you why she died
A loss of blood due to blunt trauma. She's smoking. That's fucked up. Oh, it was a tumor
I thought it was like a second heart or something like she mutated
You've answered all my questions. I see no reason why she shouldn't proceed
You see much more relaxed. Mr. Right good for you. Thank you your honor
Because I don't feel
Well, then first a question for the prosecution mr. Payne. Yeah, your honor what as mr. Right told us the victim it's
What
You want a wine cooler, baby, could I just get like a
Like a fan to cooler or cherry banana fago
I don't know if she heard me. Did you explain to the court just what the object was?
The murder weapon was the statue of the thinker
I found it lying on the floor next to the victim. I see the court accepts this into evidence
Okay
I
I'm
Yeah, I guess he's plastic to play mario with him or something that should be fine
Great to you in case you're wondering why that isn't sending it. My mom will only speak in 250 characters or less
She's trying to rest her jaw for something
It's supposed to tell you that when that happens, but it's not so
We'll figure that out at some point be sure to pay attention to any evidence at it. Okay. Yes. God. Let me do lawyer stuff
I'm ready
For instance gunshade the first there's no way it's gonna say that just so you know
But it will refund your points when it doesn't the prosecution call it wait you're out of points
Is it not refunding your points because it's supposed to
It is supposed to
It won't do it
prosecution calls the defendant mr. Butz to the stand so that's not let me know chief. What do I do now?
Pay attention. You don't want to miss any of
Okay. Yes. God. I've got it. I'm serious. I'm focused
I'm so focused
Yes, what mom what when you did exactly
Does count spaces as characters just so you know
So that could also be it
It's basically two sentences
The victim had recently dumped him. She wasn't seeing him ever. Oh my god. She abandoned his ass. What the fuck
That's why you can never talk to or date women ever or just ever leave the house
That was his first mistake
He's well, apparently it's a lie
The day before she died
Okay
Dude no way the victim was a model
But did have not have a large income. It appears that she had several sugar daddies. Yeah, okay
Daddy's sugar
Older man who gave her money and gifts she took their money and used it to support her lifestyle, dude
We clearly see this kind of shoes bad. She's sleeping around or something. So mr. Butz. What do you think of her now?
Right
I don't think you want dude. This is fucked up what she did to our boy here larry butz
What she did to him it's
Again, it's so fucked up. It's classic stuff that people do when it's
It's a heavy statue of the shaker. Uh c brick c
I'm not gonna pass the bar. I think I already I'm already a lawyer in this. I've passed
I think I could go to a real court now and it would work
Victim apparently arrived home from Paris on 7 30 the day before the murder. That's all we get
I don't why even have a record as they just settle that shit
Oh, shit. I'm supposed to do I need to stop him from answering?
I guess I should oh shit. I got his ass
Wait, why is he smiling? Is he a woodcuck?
Oh, no, he's pissed again
If I have a girl if I had it that's why I'll never have a girlfriend because I know they would cheat on me
I just even though I'm such a good guy
What's up what brick
I'm never gonna pass the bar. I will I did I'm a lawyer. Oh shit. Is he guilty as hell?
Maybe he's guilty
We said dough so angrily brick
Guys, should I have an answer honestly?
He is innocent
You sound so far away by
Thank you, mr. President, even though you sound like you're talking through a different room
Hey, Matladel, thank you for the 300 bits giggle trash. I will protect you in court
I hope you're enjoying the stream hot stuff
Quit trying to seduce me with your words. I'm a lawyer now. I can't fall for that kind of thing. My mind is too powerful
I'm gonna have a man sir. Honestly. I thought about it for a really long time
Tell the truth. Oh shit. Is he guilty?
She went wasn't home man. So like I didn't see her
lying
Uh-oh. Oh, it's the fucking guy who did it rick. If in case you're listening matt is enjoying the stream
So your words are appreciated order order in the court mr. Payne the prosecution may call us witness. Yes, your honor
Jesus Christ
Fucking get it together
I think he did it. I honestly think my client did it. Is that bad?
Am I like not supposed to think my client's guilty?
That shouldn't matter right mr. Saw it
You sell newspaper subscriptions. Is that correct? Oh, yeah
This paper is yeah, mr. Saw it. You may perceive your testimony
Please tell the court what you saw on the day of the murder interesting
I was going door to door selling subscriptions when I saw a man fleeing an apartment
I thought he must be in a hurry because he left the door half open behind him thinking it's strange
I looked inside the apartment
Then I saw her lying there a woman not moving dead
I quailed in fright and found myself unable to go inside
I thought I called the police immediately
However the phone in her apartment wasn't working
I went to a nearby park and found a public phone. This guy sounds reasonable as hell. I think he's innocent
I remember the time exactly it was 10 at 1 p.m
The man who ran was without a doubt the defendant sitting right over there. I'm switching clients. This guy's my client now
Hey, that story was rock solid
Brandon is here and I'm gonna give him back shot
style
Do you mean that?
I think she means like a brand of whiskey called um
It's like back and whiskey back whole whiskey or something
I don't think he's supposed to drink though
Because of his heart thing and because of his religion incidentally
What was it in a victim's apartment? Wait, what your honor at the time of the murder there was a blackout in the building
Aren't phones supposed to work during a blackout? Yes, your honor
However, some cordless phones do not function normally great to you that statement is probably too long to say you know
um
The phone that missed I think I ever told you it's not
I'm going to the nwo back in 98
I mean who wasn't with them at one point?
Anyway, I've been called to service
Because when you're nwo you're nwo for life. You can still say stuff. It's fairly long
I've uh and what what mom mom what?
I have a record of the blackout for your perusal
A blackout record added to the court record
Okay
Yeah, that's the brand of dishwasher we have and that's why all of our sheets and um
Yeah, we wash our sheets in the dishwasher. That's why the everything we put in there comes out purple, but it's a it's like
If it's purple, you know, it's clean electricity to miss stones building was out from noon to 6 p.m. On the day of the crime
noon to 6 p.m
What
Phoenix get it together, dude
Whoa, this stern maternal figure is like the war's going great
So great we might need to draft you get ready. You can't do that. You like they can't do that
I've I essentially have flippers for feet
I'm pretty sure that counts as like a clubfoot
so like
no
Like obviously I would if I could but um dang it my feet
I also software from um leighton parcel tone
Also, my house is considered a chemical weapon going to the rnc with covet
Thanks
Oh, they love that there dude. You're gonna be a hit your client is innocent, right?
What would it supposed to have lied in his testimony or is your client really guilty?
How do I prove he's not you hold the key? It's in the evidence compare the witnesses testimony to the evidence at hand
There's bound to be a contradiction in there
First find the contradiction between the court record and the witnesses testimony
Then once you find the contradicting evidence
presented and rub it in the witnesses face
Everything he said made perfect sense
The doctor said I can only speak 250 characters at a time
I'm sorry mommy. Yes, this is an American
Mummy
Mummy are you okay? Did you get have a josh you?
Okay, six p.m. And uh noon to six p.m. Seems to be one of the only facts in there
She got back the day before the murder this thing's a heavy statue
You need a badge to be a
You were razor ramon mom
Oh your fake razor man, my mom used to stand in for one of the dudlies
For some of their stunt shots in wrestling going to order to selling some frictions when I saw a man fleeing an apartment
That's a good question honestly, mommy
Oh, shit. Did I just fuck up?
But why about the flipper feed anymore again? It's going great. I also
um
Technically my saliva is considered to be an industrial solvent to most people's mouths
So if I drool in my sleep my saliva will burn through the bed. That's why I have to have special sheets
I have to have like a kevlar pillow
So that my saliva doesn't burn through the
pillow
So that's a big expense
Yeah, me either honestly, that's too many
What I don't understand what I do here
press present
He hasn't really said a contradiction yet. Can I just like go to the next thing?
Okay, Ken. I'm gonna press him
What?
Oh, shit, I found one of his I found a mistake
Okay, I guess I didn't wait. What he just said the op. Oh, because the phone wasn't working
But the noid on the stand he'll lie his ass off for pizzas
The noid should be on the stand. It was 1 p.m. Exactly
It's out for the building from noon to six
time of death
4 p.m. To 5 p.m. Okay, so I present this real question when the rapture happens
Do you think Jesus might be put off by all the crosses?
Yeah, I think he would brick honestly
Yeah, I fucking got his ass
I'm coming for you criminals
Not in my country
Try that taking our models to france. You fucking idiots. I remember that day. Well brandon's mom
It's the day I did black sundae and blew up the super bowl
Oh, and he said something cool kind of wait, what'd you do at the super bowl brick? What?
Oh shit. I just got objected at
Uh-uh
Fucking done for
Some of the busiest rhymes ever made by man are going into this mic written by this hand
I believe that brick
Great job, right?
Oh, my sexy mommy. Is it proud of me that makes me feel pretty good
For normal reasons
That's all you have to do point out contradictions
Lies always be get more lies see through one and their whole story falls apart
Give it again. I already got his ass. Mommy really screwed the poots this time. What mommy?
Sallow of living sleazy and I burnt some bridges. I regret
What?
Oh fuck. She's going witch mode. That's the thing she does sometimes she she goes witch mode and she she cackles
Ah, I'm gonna have to get some crosses to calm her down hanging in her bedroom
You see when I found the body I heard the time there was a voice saying the time
It's probably coming from the television
Mom no the I melt the tooth ruth which my saliva it's impossible for me to brush my teeth. It's unsafe
Wasn't there three hours off the victim must have been watching a video of the tape program
That's why I thought it was 1 p.m
Terribly sorry about the misunderstanding
This guy is fucking innocent god damn it. He's fucking innocent
Shit my sexy mommy's gonna be so mad at me
Mom what?
I had to wake up for the stream. I can't without my rat. Do you want to go waste 20 dollars on a normal alarm clock?
normal
Oh, yeah, yeah, so-called mr. President
You know I can't see
Call me doing the favor of
What you're not my dad
My dad's coming back. He's just he's a bit busy for like less 33 years
What are you around not sure I didn't realize I could do that
Okay, I'm I'm a lawyer now. I don't need a father
I need a case
And not like that
You see when I found the body
I heard the time
There was a voice saying the time I was probably coming from the tell it was color coming to tell me
But it was three hours off wasn't it? Oh wait
I got his ass
I need to present
I got a present for you
It's that you're going to fucking jail
Just the way I like it in bed
I mean you do like a really rough blanket. She likes wool blankets. I'll never understand why
This guy is going to fucking jail
Yes, I got it. I got your fucking criminal ass deported
Well, I urge
I hope you enjoy having a poor selection of the library at prison crane cuckoo fur
I am Danny crane now. That's a show my mom watches. So I'm pretty familiar with Boston legal
The defense has a point. Do you have an explanation for this mr. Swit?
No, I find it quite puzzling myself quite
Wait, I remember now
That and you seem rather distraught
Yeah, because you're fucking dead
That's yeah, because he's resting it for um
Church or something
I must have been in the shock of finding the body very well, mr. Swit
Let's hear your testimony ones more please
Actually, I didn't hear the time
Uh the other mic p apologies, but there's oh will it do that?
No, I won't do that
It probably won't do that because of the 250 character thing. Just so you know
Someday I'll make an announcement that says that or something, but it's not working
Actually, I didn't hear the time I saw it
But your points should be refunded if it's longer than what it'll do
There was a table clock in the apartment wasn't there
Yeah, the murder weapon the killer used it to hit the victim that must have been what I saw
You saw a clock. I guess that would explain it. Okay lie again. It's time for you to lie again
I didn't hear the time I saw it
There was a table clock in the apartment wasn't there. Oh shit. What's that say?
Uh, it would damn why is that thing broken?
You want to know about murder but not in self-defense. What's my opinion on it? Just murder?
Whoa, we got a donation ten dollars
The da new mutual aid
Mr. President, I don't know what you're saying
But I guess we just did some we've we did philanthropy
Yeah, we did
To something like dan and yogurt or something
And I think I yeah, that's and I do appreciate that
We all know you can't count to 250 bradon, but your viewers I mean, I think they're doing good
250 is like the same amount
Of hundreds of thousands of dollars you get paid to do it like a gambling stream for 10 minutes
That's how I think of it
I tend to think of 250 as that times 100,000 or times other times a thousand equals
Uh 15 minutes of a gambling stream. That's how I do the math
Okay
There's a table clock in the apartment wasn't there. Yeah the murder weapon. Thank you so much for the uh for the donation
What?
No
Are you making him pray with you or something?
He's I am assuming he's busy. I don't think he has a lot of time left
The murder weapon the killer used it to hit the victim
That must have been what I oh, he's
Fucking
Dead they're gonna execute him on the spot
It aired when mommy ah her throat she's got to protect it guys
You you with your objections and your evidence just who do you think you are the answer the question mr. Swit
I saw it there. Okay. That's a clock
Your honor. I'm gonna find me. Yes, mr. Payne
The witness stated this statue is indeed a clock the neck is a switch
You just tilt it and it says the time out loud
If it doesn't look like a this guy's lying
Okay careful mommy careful with your throat careful mommy be careful with your throat
Okay, good. She stopped before she got to 25
I see so murder the weapon was a clock after all
Well, mr. Wright, it appears the witness's testimony was correct. It appears the witness's testimony was correct
That this is a clock it is
Yes
Prove it
I think he went in there
But his hair came off. I hate it when that happens
For one season on united paramount network
From March 15 to July 17
1996
Oh, yeah, what does he do?
Fuck she can't tell me
Mommy, please don't start stories. You can't finish. It's frustrating to my developing mind
Your brain still develops well into your 30s. That was the sound you heard
rebel rebel
Mom don't talk about your medical condition crumb bottom. I'm I'm live
Guys don't bring that up again. My mom has crumb bottom. It's serious
That's your honor
Mr. Swit the sound must have left quite an impression on you
Understandable since the murder weapon she spoke uh
You did it your voice was burning the mind in your mind
Is that like playing horseshoes or something?
You like peg something into the ground and then you throw I don't know what my mom's talking about
That's why you were so certain about the time objection
This is all baseless conjecture
baseless
Just look at the witness's face
Did you strike the victim with the clock?
Bob
They're in the soup from last night
You said that you liked the soup so much you were gonna keep your teeth in it because you wanted to eat more
We made ketchup soup last night. It's a ketchup based soup. She loves it. Look. I had the clock. I heard no. I mean I saw saw
Wah
Oh shit right in his face
Shut up. Shut up. Shut up. I hate you. It was him. I tell you I saw him
Sorry, I gotta get more invested emotionally so I can read this right brick what I'm getting emotionally invested
I actually prefer crumb to munch. Don't ask me why he knows
I'm honestly more of a munch guy. He killed her and he should burn burn give her death
Sorry, let me get emotionally invested in this so I can say this seriously
He killed her and she should burn burn give him death. There we go
Order order in the court. I say
Your honor a moment, please. There is a shred of evidence supporting the defences claims
Mr. Wright your honor
You claim the son the witness
You turn it from a clock. You have any evidence
Guy you is a natural throat lozenge
Is that like
Is that Japanese or something
I'll I'll take some my throat is always sore
Because of the stuff I said about my spit
The whole case is writing on this. I mean, yes, your honor
Is definitely this clock effect, which is clear if you simply how the fuck should I know
Everything's writing on this
I'm going to count how many characters I say one two three
The space is count mom
19 10
11
Mom
Did they tell us is what is it supposed to be some clue?
It's heavy
She's in pair Paris thing hasn't mattered at all. At least your mom doesn't have justice buds
Yeah, that's she doesn't have that particular but disease
I think try sounding it
Fuck is this guy gonna go to jail off this
Mr. Payne can you tell me what time it is now?
It's 11 25. Oh fuck. It's exactly the amount of time off
Yes, I fucking I just I got another criminal
Yes, it's like all of those reports that I made to the police
Precisely the discrepancy between what mr.
Whoa
Wow, he eat that so fast
Giggle trash. Thank you so much
Thank you so much for the donation
Dad
Dad I'll never call you dad dad. I'm you're not my dad father
Nancy Regan
What why would you get a throat goat? I don't even mostly want their milk or their meat
If it's just all throat that sounds like like a useless goat
Precisely the discrepancy between mr.
So-wit heard the actual time of death. So mr.
So-wit try to talk her out of this one
Ha ha ha
You forgot one thing
Uh-oh, what's he talking about while it may seem like the clock is running three hours slow it proves nothing
No mom that's not funny you stuff staying stupid shit like that mom that sucks
How do you know it was running three hours slow on the day of the murder?
He can prove that you don't have a case
Yeah, he went bald. He got pissy tore his hair off
It happens to the best of us honestly. I do think he could still be innocent. He's right. How am I gonna prove that? Damn it
I was so close
Mr. Wright do I though
What did I lose?
Okay, good
Mia. Oh my sexual mommy
Listen up. Mr. Wright. Don't throw this one away not like this
Thank
The chief it's over
I can't prove the clock was slow the day of the murder
Nobody can prove that
Um, well, yeah
But that doesn't mean you can't still win try thinking out of the box
Chris I'm thinking mystery stream sub goal from the back feed
Um
Yeah, yeah, this is the murder mystery. We're doing it. We're doing it guys
Don't waste time doubting the facts as soon the clock was three hours slow and think through it
Why was the clock three hours slow figure out the reason
The time difference in Paris
What what part of
I don't know the time I don't know what part of the world this isn't is japan three hours
Difference from Paris. Yeah, that's all right
It was one long curve that curved just right and then a nugget fell out and landed just right to be the doc
Wow
Honestly mom, that's I that's impressive
I like to know that kind of stuff
That's good. I like to know that
So we're just a heads up. We've instituted in a instituted a 250 character limit on my mom's throat
And brick's throat to protect their vocal cords
So if it's too long it will refund the um invested Fiona, but it won't say it stoopsy classic brick
Let's see this evidence that proves why the clock was running slow
Um, you only got to work with 186. Oh it is currently counting spaces
Just saying that
I don't know if that's always counted, but it's like 250
space I maybe should say spaces
I guess I could up it
But some people have been able to get in you know your counting spaces. Huh weird
Mom, you know that we can't do windows in this house. It's not structurally sound enough
Okay, wait
Four to five. I guess it's gotta be this
You're the man now dog
You're the man now dog
Nine hours
Oh
What
What what mom what?
That's like you can't say that I'll emancipate myself. I will literally emancipate myself if you mistreat me this way
I'm your beautiful baby boy. You cannot talk to me this way
I have to set brown boundaries with her or she will go off on me. She will go off
What
One what?
The victim hadn't reset her clock since returning home. That's why the time you heard when he struck her dead and the department was wrong
Proof enough for you. Mr. Swit or should I say mr. Did it? Oh, he just fucking destroyed this whole man's life
Oh, he puked
Maybe he has acid spit too order order order. I say
Well
This case has certainly turned out differently than we all expected
Mr. Payne your client just let the court know a broken clock is right two times a day
bong
That's true
Or if it's broken in a specific way, I guess it could be right like several times a day like if it's moving too fast
Uh, he was arrested and has been taken away your honor
Very well, mr. Wright. I have to say I'm impressed
I don't think I've ever seen someone completed a fence so quickly and find the truth over at the same time
Thank you your honor at the same point. This is only informality, but
To what mom to what the court finds the defendant mr. Larry Butz
Not guilty
Okay, but the other guy did it so I guess he's like gotta he's gotta get killed
He's gotta get tortured to death. I think is what happens
Like legally speaking. I'm pretty sure you're supposed to get tortured to death. He's a common burglar
Oh my god, we've got to relive the moment of the murder
Blustered he grabbed the nearest blunt object he could find and just killed her immediately damn
That would never happen to me. I would deter them with my various
I like to call them smell spells
I did it mommy mommy. I did it mom shut up
We did it mommy
Wow, she's so proud of me god
I like this character a lot
It's been a while since I've seen a trial and I said she's just very well written
I've seen the chief looking this. I've never seen the chief looking this happy
She's this glad imagine how larry must feel
My life is over larry. You're supposed to be happy. What's wrong now?
Don't worry about me
Larry you're innocent the case is closed but
From all those sessions with pastor joe all that praying makes my throat hurt
I mean, that's why honestly, I feel like you've prayed enough mom
like
The way you guys do it. It's loud. It's gotta hurt
Cindy wind he's gone man. I mean, I guess it's like why you shouldn't ever date
You shouldn't date women or but you just shouldn't honestly we should all be
You got to protect your like inner peace larry. She was
She's honestly she's cheating on him. And yeah, you shouldn't feel bad about her being dead for even a second
I was done with your mom. They should call me brick jizzard. You know what I mean brick jizzard jizzard
Is that like a
A gizzard type feel like you're trying to be like a rooster or something
I won't forget this ever. Let's celebrate dinner movie my treat celebrate your girlfriend cheating girlfriend's death
I get that I guess. Oh, no, I couldn't the murder weapon to 250 as well with the new limit
Uh
Well, you want one point per character? I guess we can I gotta check that this limit is working accurately though
There's been some complaints
Yes
You
Everybody's shits look like a corn dog without this stick does yours look like one with the stick because how did that even happen?
Like what are you even talking about?
She's lying. Isn't that right right right? Ha
Something that proves how she felt about him. Huh? Oh, yeah, right
What the heck is she talking about mom? I'm literally a lawyer right now. Are you crazy?
None of this shit has anything to do with him should I just give him the statue?
Can't give him my badge
None of this shit will sabri chi help we found out brandon's mom is the pokey peddler
She's making char as our roast glooms and adish. She's found me sabri chi her name is
Rick I don't even know what the fuck you're talking about. Is that code?
This is the only thing that's even I get a passport
He does say sabri chi
I guess I'll give him this
A butt plug that I don't remember putting in
How is it we how are we supposed to know that?
Whoa
Thank you for the donation giggle trash
We've raised 62 dollars
in charity
Listen up jack. Give a trash just to raise a $5 money about the millionaire problem
We shouldn't save the seven grand and raise the money to charity just to talk to you now
I'm sorry but you're a trash person because you're healthy and you're still taking the car from us
I don't like music dad and you're not my dad
Hey brandon are you broke like the clock? I can front you some cash if you like or set up an only fans
I have an only fans
I post pictures of my sink on it
Apparently some guys are it is like a
Apparently it's a fetish like
Really rotten sinks
I actually own a site called really rotten sinks dot com
Honestly burns earns more money than the stream
Holy shit, I'm what's going on crazy
Can you get over her larry it's been 20 minutes. All right get over it
What mom what I mean me uh
Rick what I am one. I'm one lawyer
Okay, I I do I know I know I'm a guy
I believe in stuff. Oh shit
I'm gonna have dinner with my mom boss
Did what I don't know what she's talking about you'll have to tell me about sometimes over drinks
My mommy wants my boss wants to get drinks with me
Gee nick it's good to have friends is what larry said, but I'm pretty sure he's not going to pay me
Unless you count the check he gives to me a gave her what?
But that clock was soon going to be at the center of another he's gonna kill someone else
Pastor Joe special sauce. Did I poke holes in them?
Do you mean like condos because he does make special sauce in his condo at least that's what you told me
I wouldn't put holes in the wall of his condo if that's what you mean
Uh, do you think you're going to get the good ending with Mia?
I mean, I don't like I don't care about that kind of thing like she's her own person. She can do what she wants
Like I don't even care like if you heard that she might like that
Whoa 20 dollars
Oh my god
Listen up jack
Matt livell just for enterprise 20 money buck and man, I probably shouldn't say this
But you're going to look awesome with that tattoo
Hell yeah, I mean I'm not me but case
I can't wait for him to be tatted up
I mean, I don't really even know him or care about him, but
Okay, look
We solved it
What?
Yes, yes
Yeah, I have played that
Okay, I'm gonna save
In case there's ever a request for this game again
Because we made some really good progress
But I gotta fucking go
I'm busy as I'm I'm fucking underwater right now
Like I have so much shit to do
What are we doing for st patrick's day?
Staying in
I think we're probably gonna stay in till then
And then that day we're gonna stay in
Okay
Let's see who's on
Who's gonna get a raid because we're done
It's over
It's like ricky peacock is on he's slaying the spire. Yeah, I think we're gonna stay in
He's a game streamer like me. He's he's playing all the latest games just like exactly like I do
Gonna go scream at the faceless old woman who lives in everyone's home
Isn't that you?
Okay, uh say hi to ricky for me enjoy the spire or whatever
He's doing stuff up. He's doing something to aspire
I did I've fucking burned my mom's ass
Okay, well, we should be back tomorrow. I don't know if I'll be back. I'm very busy
I've got a lot of stuff going on
What?
Hey, brand brand good news. You're gonna have a brother
Bad news. I don't know the father
I gotta go like what is she talking about?
Her ovaries like a doctor once called her ovaries the anti-life equation
I because I think he heard that I was like a gamer and he was trying to relate to me or something
I don't even know what he was trying to get at it's like I don't
It's like I don't play those kinds of games
That's like medically impossible mommy what?
Petalers this is why you aren't allowed in the attic the ghost types there are my fault
Giggle trash sky mire hide the product
Mom go to go to sleep
Go to sleep mommy
Okay, with your little friend say hi to ricky peacock for me you should already be gone actually and I'm gonna be gone too
I have shit to do I literally have to take my I have to take about a six-hour shit every