I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
I will never release the hellcrum poster.
We're live in ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one. Let's do this. I'm Pepito.
Who knows?
Half of Kendall is asking me why the counter for the pre-stream is never on time.
And her guess is as good as mine.
I guess it's Pepito's fault, Pepito, why isn't it on time?
It is. I count. I'm counting.
It's just that you know there's a countdown on screen.
I don't give a shit what you're saying.
Oh.
I don't fucking care, okay.
Yeah.
Where's the other half of Kendall? Kendall, where's your other half?
Whoa!
Good to see everybody, Tam, trying Mr. Woo-Boo-Boo Bundle Sprout,
so breechy, John Michael, Evan Sleazy, Final Web, Ray Selva, Mr. Smith,
Cycor, others perhaps. Good to see you all.
It's the weekend almost, depending on where you are.
Maybe it is.
Or maybe the passage of time means nothing to you and you've evolved past it?
I don't know. I know case.
And for me it has.
I've evolved past your petty conception of time.
And now, I'm in the piss-verse, the piss-colored jacket.
Great. That's where this whole stream lives.
I don't work so time basically is meaningless.
Yeah, it depends on how, if I work weekend jobs, then the weekend means nothing to me.
But lately I actually do work mostly jobs that only operate Monday to Friday, so.
It is now and once again, I'm on that weekend trip.
Pepito, you're making it a hostile work environment.
Yeah.
I'll, I'll, I'll bite everybody. I'll become a vicious mongrel.
That doesn't sound good.
I do what I want.
Uh, okay.
And, Eleni, news you want to report?
Oh, I did it last.
She already did the news.
Was there any updates on the weird inner workings of the Mormon ladies?
Yeah, some people think it's-
You have to come closer.
Some people think it's all a hoax, the hoax of ABC cancelling the Bachelorette.
It's a hoax?
Uh, because they think it's just a marketing promotion stunt and that we will be watching it on Sunday.
Because ABC themselves hasn't posted anything just yet all their outlets and their press variety at Highlander Porter and stuff like that.
They can hear me.
Mm-mm.
Yeah, they can.
Your words are cutting out, I swear.
No, they're not.
Okay.
I don't think so.
I think they probably are, but it's because of my aggressive sound settings that are weird.
Are they?
Maybe my threshold is too high.
Whoa.
Maybe now they can hear everything.
And I'm considering getting a new mic just because this one is so hot.
I can't get rid of the-
See, look, you're gaslighting me.
Trust the person with the monitor in his ear?
I'm gaslighting.
See, you're getting conflicting reports.
Who said that one?
You hear her fine?
I hear her voice clipping in and out with my sound gate, but maybe I'm wrong.
Whatever.
The idea is that the same people who thought there was going to be a second Stranger Things finale are the same people that think that season will come out on Sunday.
Yeah, I mean, it seems like a similar level of delusion to me.
Yeah.
I feel like if you spend a bunch of money to make a season of a show that's somehow still popular 25 years in there, whatever, you're not just going to tease that it won't happen.
Doesn't see it.
I don't know.
Maybe I'm just not thinking next level enough, everybody.
We're not talking to him.
The secret episode of Stranger Things is the Mormon wives?
Ever heard of Batgirl?
Yeah, that was for tax purposes.
They were very upfront about canceling all of the work they did on Batgirl.
They celebrated it as a next level 4D business move, but they were doing that.
That was never a secret.
They announced that.
I'm sounding like AM Radio with the fizz.
It is very fizzy.
I wish I could figure out why.
I mean, I could turn down my gain a lot, but then I'm just going to be way too quiet.
I just have too much.
Maybe it's not too quiet.
Eh?
Eh?
Eh?
I don't know.
Maybe I just need to finally get rid of my goxlr.
Maybe that's the secret.
Or I just need to get a different mic.
Apparently, despite this being like the go-to mic, if you don't have a very clean setup, it's a little fuzzy.
Unplug the cord from the computer and re-plug it in.
That is how I've traditionally solved a lot of tech problems, so maybe that is the move.
Much better.
Yeah, I mean, I can hear the fizz.
I can hear the fizz.
I can feel the fizz.
I know there's fizz.
Use a megaphone.
Maybe that's the next level move.
Mostly I can't get rid of it because no matter how much gain I add, you just hear it.
But I suspect it's like electrical feedback.
Um, okay.
Well, that's the usual start to the stream where we either talk to a train or we talk about the technical problems with the stream.
So I guess that means it's news time.
It's still your design.
Don't let them take it from you.
Come on, grandma.
Uh-huh, I'm tired now.
You wanted a grandma?
Not your grandmother, your granddaddy, or any parental figure.
I am the reaper of the news who's solid duty it is.
To report the facts.
I feel like you're giving yourself a little too much credit there.
I am the news reaper.
Maybe I will.
Over you, I'd take a dead body.
You'll have to climb over my dead body over my dead body.
Dead body, Rick.
Oh, your grandmother's daughter's mother asked to get a go strash.
I am not.
There's no time.
Paradox is happening here.
I'm simply unrelated to all of you.
Accept it.
I've accepted it.
Can scrum do a British accent?
Good day, mate.
Pretty good.
I hated drying that.
I hated that.
Sucked.
Upset me.
I'm disgusted.
Yeah, that sounds...
I'm still messing with the, uh...
with the game to see if I can do anything about it.
Oh, that's probably terrible.
What I just did probably didn't help.
Yeah, if I turn it down, I'm quiet.
If I bump it, like, digitally, then...
I can't really tell where I'm even at.
Right now it has 24 decibels of digital gain.
Maybe that's better.
I don't know. Whatever.
We're just going back to normal mode.
Keeping it so normal.
Turn the gain down deep throughout the mic.
It's too far away, though it's always right here.
Get this thing out of my face.
Speaking of the time paradoxes,
a FEMA head can teleport through time and space.
Into Waffle House, we're gonna get into it.
We've got all of this news here for your enjoyment.
Well, probably not enjoyment, but, you know, you can listen to it.
Sounds shitty to me.
Yeah, that's not surprising. I guess...
I will read about things.
Because everything's such a big deal.
I mean, some of it, sort of.
The US is sending Marines and amphibious assault ships to the Middle East.
Sources, say. What sources? The waves?
Probably.
People observing the movement of troops, the troops themselves,
and anyone in the military, anyone just watching the military?
Shut up!
Everybody's being rude today. You're being rude.
The US military is deploying thousands of more Marines to the Middle East.
Oh, give me a break.
Really?
I'm surprised by the various notifications on this stream.
Disgusted by them.
Anyway, the US military is deploying thousands of more Marines to the Middle East.
Officials told Reuters on Friday
as President Donald Trump accused NATO allies of cowardice
over the reluctance to send forces to help open the Strait of Hormuz,
which is a narrow waterway responsible for much of the world's oil trade.
Thank you for sharing facts.
The narrow waterway opens a new conduit for a fifth of the global oil,
liquefied natural gas.
Vital energy infrastructure in both Iran and neighboring Gulf states
has also been attacked and oil prices have jumped about 50%.
And there's lots of threats flying around, and there's bombs,
and everybody's being a big baby about it.
A baby about the bombs. Everybody's being a baby about these bombs.
How are you to expect people to react?
Everybody just shut up about it.
People are dying, Scrum.
That's a face you can trust.
Yeah, deep thoughts, Scrum. Everybody shut up.
Let me read. You were. You interrupted yourself.
New Reuters poll showed almost two-thirds of Americans believe
Trump will order troops into a large-scale ground war.
A poll said that the people think that's going to happen.
What do you know?
Well, I guess if it's any consolation,
they're certainly not listening to the people, so.
I guess if we think it's going to happen, maybe they just won't do it.
You called me cr- you called me crumb?
Yeah, your names are super similar.
It's crazy that there's a Scrum and a Crumb at this network.
Why is your name even Scrum?
Why is your name Case?
I guess they both sound kind of odd actually when you say them.
In isolation, I'm a consonant apart.
Exactly.
A full consonant, Scrum.
If only seven percent supporting such a move is what the poll goes on to say.
I was getting there.
The poll goes on to say, I was getting there.
Two large waves of airstrikes on Tehran and central Iran occurred on Friday targeting
weapons production facilities and sites storing ballistic missiles.
The US officials, meanwhile, told Reuters that 2,500 Marines along with the USS Boxer
and Amphibious Assault Ship and accompanying warships would deploy to the region, although
they did not say what their role would be.
So maybe they're just hanging out.
Can we take the speculative hat off for a minute?
I don't understand why you're so annoyed by just being casually aware of what's
happening because it's stupid.
Thoughtful as always.
No, I didn't have to think about this for a second.
Is it so short first?
Do you have an is scrumfucious part of your name?
No.
I don't do middle names or last names.
I've shed such frivolities.
My name is scrum, period.
Your last name is period?
I will ruin this place.
Don't make mockery of my choices.
What is scrum's political affiliation?
I feel like it's libertarian, but that's just because of the lack of empathy.
Empathy is just another word for stupidity.
So you're libertarian?
No.
I'm sort of, um, I guess I would describe my political affiliation as none of your fucking
man's mess.
You're on a news network where we talk politics all the time, and that's your mistake.
Why do I even bring you on?
I don't know.
Two officials said there had been no decision on whether to send troops into Iran itself.
Sources of earlier told Reuters that possible targets could include Iran's coast or Karg
Island, which is an oil export hub.
You can do all sorts of things on an island.
That's what that particular island is for scrum.
And I supposed to care?
Why are you even reading it?
You made me.
Oh my God.
Just for a little context, it seems unfortunately increasingly likely that the United States
will length some sort of large or small scale depending on how you qualify these
things.
Invasion on Karg Island is like a forward operating base outside of Iran.
Probably ahead of a ground invasion as things continue to escalate wildly out of control.
For the benefit of fucking nobody except arms manufacturers and I guess whoever else is
profiting off of this.
Um, maybe it won't.
I mean, you know, all of it's up in the air.
It just seems like it's heading in that direction.
Ellen, this is.
Yeah, Israel potentially could benefit, I guess.
Although also if it goes poorly, which it will, they could stand to definitely not benefit.
So I, I'm still sort of of the cap that I don't believe there's kind of grand
Machiavellian statecraft going on here.
Or there might be the illusion of that for the people who think they're doing that.
To me, it seems like a giant flailing fucking mess.
But we'll see.
I've certainly heard that like the only that the main people benefit the main state
benefiting from this is Israel.
But I don't know.
I could also see this blowing up in their fucking face.
So what's the over under on Iran, just as like a general bet.
A victory.
I'll say this, if we go, if we do a ground invasion of Iran by any meaningful
metric, we will inevitably lose.
Everyone will.
It won't be like a glorious victory for Iran either.
It'll just be a long, asymmetrical, lopsided, idiotic ground
invasion costing million, you know, potentially millions of lies, billions of
dollars. You're sounding like me in that you sound like a.
You're about to say you sound like a.
Sad loser.
Oh.
Now you think that you are upset, but you're not.
But unlike me, it's for dumb reason.
You're what I'm trying to say is you're dumb.
Great. Thanks.
Trump is the anti-Christ bringing it on.
That's why the evangelicals back him.
It's a means to an end.
Yeah, there's also the angle on this war that it's the ultimate goal
of some apocalyptic Christian cult, which there's some legitimate
evidence for, given the things people say out loud about wanting to
bring on Armageddon.
And but I still suspect it's more so.
Runaway financial interests.
And that that is just one of the many motivations in this fucking
mess of a situation.
Southland Tales was real.
Southland Tales does feel a bit predictive.
Not only was it an early prestige movie sort of for the rock.
Calling the shot of it being the biggest movie star while that's
the main prediction.
Yep, that was the main prediction, but also yes, it's just like
we're living in that reality now.
Boeing Lockheed Martin are going to lose their space program
so they need more war profit.
Yeah, they only had to sell it to Elon Musk.
You know, he's just doing such a good job.
So anyway, that is the continually troubling escalation
of war news.
Sort of the drumbeat of this stream for the last couple of
last two to three weeks.
Unfortunately, so yes, that is continuing to go poorly.
And I suspect we'll continue to be a giant fucking mess.
And any of us can do to protest that we should do.
Oh, my.
Listen up, Jack.
Give a trash just my mother.
And 300 shiny tasty coins.
And I have been dying to say this.
I miss Saturday morning cartoons and not getting daily news
updates that threaten world peace.
Maybe they'll combine them.
They should put this show on in the morning.
They should just move my Twitch stream over to some like
cable TV network instead of Saturday morning cartoons.
Probably neither of us get any views.
So it won't be that big of a difference.
If case were a dog, what breed would he be?
Big D dog, a dirty one, a gruff sheep dog.
Come madness plus mountain do.
I'm not familiar with that breed of dog.
But it does sound right.
So who's to say a dirty one?
You're a dirty dog.
Mm hmm.
I'm a dirty dog.
Oh, yeah, you're a dirty dog.
Yeah, I'm a dirty, dirty dog.
Oh, baby, this is silly.
Um.
What the fuck?
Chuck Norris passed away.
And more news for you to maybe feel a certain way about
to celebrate Chuck Norris.
Here's this.
Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris.
Karate commandos.
Sometimes the things we want most are the hardest to get.
That means you have to be even more determined to succeed.
That's what it takes to be a winner.
Oh, shit.
I don't want it bad enough to stick with it,
no matter how tough things get.
Oh.
And things got pretty tough for us down in Florida
with the deadly dolphins.
The deadly what?
Sometimes you're going to meet people who'll do anything
to get their own way.
You know the kind,
bullies who pick on other kids in the school yard.
They never like to play fair.
Oh, yeah.
Just like the claw when he tried to bully me.
I hate what the claw does.
The claw really is, it's a bunch of bullies.
That was a close one.
The only reason we were able to stop the claw
is because we were better trained.
Training requires a lot of self-control.
That means giving up a lot of things for a goal.
Like your shirt.
Like when mom or dad wants you to do your homework now
and watch TV later.
It may seem like nagging,
but believe me, you'll thank them for it.
Think about it.
Catch you next time.
Oh, fuck.
You know, there are people in the world
who believe that violence is the answer to every problem.
Oh, like who?
They're always the first ones to clench a fist
or throw a punch.
Yeah, who?
You think they always have to fight.
Right, right. Who are you talking about?
A gang and I ran into the claw
and some of his more nasty friends
while we were transporting a state-of-the-art robot
on what turned out to be a tear train.
Oh, shit.
Look at him go.
If you ever made a mistake, of course you have.
We all have.
Many times it's hard to face up to that mistake
because you don't have to agree with his politics, everyone.
Okay?
But you can't deny that the man had style.
Look at what's going on here.
Clip it, put it on your wall, everybody.
Don't even clip it for the stream.
You may be laughed at or punished.
When you do face up to your mistake
and know you'll never do it again,
you become a much stronger person.
And we needed all that strength
on the island of the walking dead.
Well, we finally got the robot to its destination.
But more importantly, everybody on the train was saved.
It was a tough job and claw was at his worst.
I don't like having to resort to violence.
Oh, it's always my last option.
I'd rather walk away from a fight.
I can't.
See you next time.
It's Groin had an action guest, Gusset,
that gave his legs an extra few inches of reach.
Hard King with the Chuck Norris facts, the real facts.
Not the kitschy stupid ones.
Well, he doesn't get hit by cars.
He cars the hit.
You know, you're not good at these scrum.
Has anyone checked on the claw?
Yeah, how is the claw holding up with all of this news?
Because I mean, they had, even though they were enemies,
they really spent a whole lifetime together.
What if I'm part of claw?
Are you?
Could be, but I won't tell you.
The claw died from COVID.
They were very anti-vax and it did not work out for them
because they were all in their 70s.
Well, you know, when it comes to conservative shitheads,
at least he was kind of an entertaining one.
So RIP.
What else?
What else, scrum?
Don't, oh, come on.
Don't impune me with your needs.
What's this?
Bruised.
Trump 79, warns he's been given a way to live.
Wait, this is an odd headline.
Bruised, Trump 79, warns he's been given a way to live to 200.
Okay, I thought he was giving way.
Wait, what?
I'd say it was mostly odd because of the implications,
the implications.
A bruised Donald Trump has bragged
that he could live to the age of 200
if only he quit junk food.
Ah, well, we're safe then.
Damn, good thing he will absolutely never do that.
Yeah, the real art of the deal is the deal
you make with the Reaper.
He's gonna go down and play him in a game of deals.
It's Bill and Ted style.
Like a board game called Deals.
No, he'll just say, let's do a deal.
And then the Reaper will obviously lose the deal
because he's the best at deals.
And then he's sent back.
Yeah, then he's sent back.
I'm assuming in the body of Melania, what?
Yep, that's what I'm going with.
Acknowledging, part way through his speech,
the president, he knew he was giving a speech.
I'm sure he was talking about some cool stuff,
holding this hat, some beautiful generals
and soldiers around his favorite thing.
Maybe there was a big tray of burgers somewhere.
He looks like he's in his element.
But while he was giving this important speech
and still sporting a bruise on his hand,
invoked disgraced former White House physician,
Ronnie Jackson, to make the wild claim
that he's the healthiest US president in history.
Acknowledging Jackson as one of the guests,
Trump called a time when the press
asked the doctor turn congressman,
who was the healthiest of the three presidents?
Bush, Barack Obama, Trump, guess who he said?
Obama?
It was on the screen, you didn't really have to guess.
Where does he say he's gonna live to 200?
I hate these articles.
I hate how they bury the leads.
He said, President Donald J. Trump,
by far, if he didn't eat junk food,
he'd live to 200 years old.
That's what Trump claimed.
And he said, and I love this guy.
I wish there was just a clip of this.
But that's it, but yes, there you go.
He says he could live to 200 if he stopped eating junk food.
Very worthwhile story.
One of the many useful things the president's saying
all the time.
And then also this, workers report watching
Ray Ban meta shot footage of people using the bathroom.
Reporting in what context?
This article, still not taking my Trump
your fired poster off the wall.
Enjoy it.
Enjoy it while you can, I guess.
You think we'll see AI videos from the White House
if he does kick the bucket?
I am on the camp of I'm just not.
I just can't engage with the like,
is this an AI video?
Because this politician is dead hype train.
It's not my type of hype train.
Because the amount of excitement over Netanyahu being dead.
Haven't we learned not to get our hopes up everyone?
I'm sure they wouldn't be beyond doing that.
Maybe when he really dies, they'll just be like,
no, AI Trump is president.
We fed his brain into an AI
and it could do his voice just right.
So we're just gonna pop up a monitor with AI Trump,
feed it prompts and see what it tells us to do.
And I could imagine about 30% of the country voting for that.
So that would probably work.
You're giving them ideas.
And maybe I am.
Meta's approach to user privacy is under renewed scrutiny
following a Swedish report that employees
of a Meta subcontractor have watched footage
captured by Ray-Ban Meta smart glasses,
showing sensitive user content,
AKA pissing and shitting.
If they uploaded a fly's brain,
you can't have that much gray matter.
I think you could,
I think you could absolutely program an AI
to be like, I'm the best.
I win, my ideas are good.
Do what I say.
You sound authoritative.
The February report of collaboration
from Swedish newspapers, papers, Svenska,
Dogblotit, and Goltensborg Posten,
and Kenya based freelance journalist,
Nipano La Pappa, is per machine translation based,
what?
Based on interviews with over 30 employees
at various levels of SAMA,
including several people who worked
with video, image, and speech annotation
for Meta's AI systems.
And sentences are bulky.
Some of the people interviewed have worked on projects
other than Meta's smart glasses.
The report authors said they did not gain access
to the materials that SAMA workers handle
or the area where workers perform data annotation.
The report also said based on interviews
from former US Meta employees
that have reported witnessing live data annotation
for several Meta projects.
The report pointed to, for the translation,
a stream of privacy sensitive data
that is fed straight into the tech giant systems.
When is it gonna get into the pissing and shitting though?
Because I know that they watch video.
They gotta give us all of the context.
And the statement shared with BBC on Wednesday,
Meta confirmed that it sometimes shares content
that users share with the Meta AI generative AI chat bot
with contractors to review the purpose
of improving people's experiences
as many other companies do.
I mean, I've heard the argument
that the main selling point of the Meta glasses
from like Meta's perspective is that it's just
infinite personal data.
Like they can just record you,
get a literal live feed of everything you're doing
and sell that data to advertisers
or whoever's consuming all of this data.
I feel like they probably have all of that data
already to some extent.
They don't really need to see the,
at the first person point of view masturbation shots
know that you're jerking off when you look up porn
on your phone.
I suspect they already have a lot of that data.
But anyway, I guess they can always have more data.
There's always more data to have,
including people pissing and shitting.
So be sure to get send them
like some really good bowel movements.
If you're gonna buy the Meta glasses
and wear them into the bathroom,
you're gonna wanna give them some data
they can really work with.
So give them some really up close shots.
Get your head right up to the bowl.
Isn't there a Meta glasses porn?
I mean, I get, I'm assuming
the real law tours in the pornography industry
industry will try all technology first.
If anyone's using Meta glasses properly,
it's probably porn stars.
Well, or porn directors.
Honestly, that seems like much like with generative AI.
I'm like, it seems like one of the actual uses for it
is I guess now your first person porn.
They can be right from the guy's perspective or girls.
So that, okay.
Top US female official claims to have teleported
to a waffle house before.
Just before, before.
He's done that before.
He's kind of on over that shit.
Teleporting is no fun, Greg Phillips,
picked to lead FEMA's office
of a response and recovery has said on a podcast.
Oh man, we are, we are really,
we are putting some true pitch hitters
at the top of the world.
Porn directors, you mean the Russian mob?
I honestly don't know what I mean.
Assuming there's still directors.
Or maybe he's solely fans, his collaborations.
I don't know.
I haven't kept up with the porn industry.
Really?
Not in that sense.
We've all accidentally time traveled to a waffle house.
Definitely he might have just gotten drunk.
Is this story just about him getting drunk
and then being in a waffle house?
Cause that is an extremely common experience.
A far right conspiracy theorist turned highly ranking official
at the US federal emergency management agency FEMA.
Claims to have once teleported to a waffle house,
Greg Phillips, who in December was appointed
to lead FEMA's office,
has spoken on multiple podcasts
about being teleported against his will
to a waffle house, I guess.
Phillips claimed that his car was lifted up
while he was driving and transported 40 miles away
into a ditched-ear church.
And in another instance on the same episode,
Phillips said he was teleported 50 miles away
to a waffle house in Rome, Georgia.
Don't get your hopes up.
I was with my boys one time
and I was telling them I was gonna go to a waffle house
and get a waffle.
Okay, I gotta see if there's a video of this.
Let's go to TikTok here, maybe Twitter.
Greg Phillips, teleportation.
I wanna see him in his element on the pods.
Honestly, podcasting is not the number one entry
into politics.
So if anyone in chat has any aspirations to global power,
get on that podcast and start saying stuff like,
me and my boys love teleporting.
Greg Phillips, teleport.
I don't know, I wonder if the boys are safe.
I'm worried about the boys.
Um, okay, here's Greg Phillips, I think.
Is this Greg Phillips?
Or is this someone reporting on Greg Phillips?
We'll have to watch to find out, unfortunately.
We had a teleport incident, two of them.
And I end up at a waffle house like 50 miles away
from where I was.
That man who is, yes, talking about teleporting.
I will be the talking head, thank you very much.
Just show me the clip, please.
We have, they're okay.
We're gonna have to watch this guy talk about it,
unfortunately, how sad for us.
An incident, two of them.
And I end up at a waffle house like 50 miles away
from where I was.
That man who is, yes, talking about teleporting
to a waffle house is Greg Phillips.
And he now holds one of the most important jobs
at FEMA, overseeing the office of response and recovery.
It was an incredibly frightening moment.
I can imagine you experience yourself in your car
flying through the air.
I tell you, teleporting is no fun.
Phillips is a far-right activist,
and he now helps determine how the government responds
when disaster strikes, coordinating billions of dollars.
I feel like we're not hearing this in context, guys.
If only we had more context for these statements.
To be fair, what were they talking about before and after this?
If it's not, how did you teleport?
Why did you teleport?
What do you think made you teleport?
And I don't know what's going on on that podcast.
Search and rescue operations.
Yeah, he teleported with his car.
He was appointed to this position in December,
and a CNN K-File review of Phillips' podcast
and social media history found a long record
of extraordinary personal claims.
We didn't track it.
Well, don't we want extraordinary politicians?
You know, at G4 early on in its very short life cycle,
there was a programmer there who claimed to have
a technology that, he's like,
I built this immaculate algorithm that will scrub anyone's
social media for inflammatory statements
and all of their output, and then we'll know
to flag them and delete them.
The time I thought that wasn't realistic,
and given how everyone is constantly getting in trouble
for all the dumb shit they've said for 10 years,
I think that never came to fruition,
or they're just not using it because they're lazy.
One of those two.
Cut down what we felt like
were three million non-citizen voters.
Election fraud conspiracy theories,
and violent rhetoric towards public officials.
You said we know that three million illegally voted.
Do you have the proof?
Yes.
Will you provide it?
Yes.
Can I have it?
No.
In January 2025, after Trump took office,
Phillips was discussing a Trump executive order
that targeted intelligence officials
who had questioned the veracity
of Hunter Biden's laptop before the 2020 election.
Phillips said this.
I'm going to find you, I'm gonna track you down
and beat the living snot out of you.
Oh no!
Not the dangerous man.
I would like to punch that
the fuck in the mouth right now.
He is a nasty...
Who's this lady he's talking to?
Crabby human being,
and he deserves to die,
and I hope he does.
Phillips first rose to prominence,
promoting false claims of widespread voter fraud
in the 2016 and 2020 elections.
He's just so mad about all that violence
on the left, everyone.
It just, you know, he's just,
he's just, shots returned.
Because the left is so violent,
that's why he's gotta talk like that.
The unfounded claims were widely disputed
by both courts and election officials.
On multiple occasions,
Phillips described migrants crossing the southern border
as an invading force
and urged people to arm themselves.
The war is here.
They want you dead.
They've come here to kill you.
Who?
You all aren't.
Take care of your family.
Who?
The person making these remarks
is now in a position of public tr...
The problem with, uh,
you know, like a nicely made,
clearly articulated video from CNN
on why this guy is a fucking maniac,
obviously, based on the things he said,
is the people who voted for Trump will see that
and be like, oh yeah, brother,
God, I've teleported to Waffle House too.
Know how that feels on a Friday?
Big pain in the ass.
20 minutes in the air.
Zooming through time and space in your car.
At least I used to have a car before
these goddamn illegals took it.
Like there's just,
I just don't know like,
it's not surprising unfortunately.
The teleportation thing is a little surprising, but
you're just so unflappable case.
No, I'm flapped.
I feel fully flapping in the wind.
I just mean, it just feels a little like,
what is that?
It's not like that's gonna rattle the base.
You're gonna be like, finally,
a guy talking about all the teleportation I do.
We've turned the federal government into a come and go.
I do still think the majority of people,
probably if they were even aware of this guy
would be like, what a fucking idiot.
But I think people are just so disengaged and hopeless
that they're like, I don't know,
everybody's a fucking idiot.
And then the people that are engaged are like,
fuck yeah, I love teleporting to Waffle House.
Didn't know he was a candidate
for Homeland Security Director.
Well, you know, he's experienced
the greatest violation of Homeland Security
being teleported 50 miles in your car.
Who better?
Who better?
Yeah, I know, couldn't even at least
like getting teleported to Waffle House.
If they're gonna teleport you,
they can teleport you to a different time zone
where maybe like an IHOP, at least an IHOP,
a 24 hour IHOP, why is that better than Waffle House?
Come on.
You really gonna tell me Waffle House food better
than IHOP food?
Trying to start some unnecessary debate, you swine.
What a goofy ass time we're in right now.
It is, we are fully goof-trooped.
We are listening to each other's hearts.
All right, let's do a couple more of these.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
The cavalcade of unsettling stories continues.
I can tell from these headlines.
All right.
What the heck is this?
Oh, pigeon pooped on somebody.
Bad options now.
Best diner to teleport to.
This is a good question.
Is that this is what we're gonna be dealing with
as a nation, as a serious nation?
On the world stage, is unrequested teleportation?
Maybe we can at least position the
secret alien technology to teleport us to better diners.
Perkins, Denny's, Twin Peaks,
Genital Slits and Papitos.
I feel like the ones that aren't real are gonna win.
Yeah, Papitos seems fair.
Business idea, everyone.
I refuse to eat dog food.
Really?
So I'll eat dog food, human food, I'll eat humans,
I'll eat all these cameras.
I'll serve anything at Papitos.
That's an effective business model.
Papitos is a pizza place by you?
Wow, you already have a pizza place?
I guess so, give me that.
If it's mine, it's named after me,
I will be taking it now.
I still can't read well.
That's probably true.
Was there a different option there
that I read completely correctly?
In my defense, there are a lot of things on my screen.
It was Gentile Stilts, not Genital Slits.
Okay, can you really blame me for that one?
You guys throw Genital Slit on their every fucking pole.
Every single pole.
At this point, I see a G and my brain just auto-completes.
Oh, wow, thank you so much for the...
Whoa, okay, there we go.
There's no stopping it now.
10 subs, you go go trash, oh my God.
Calling your shot effectively.
Can't keep the hype train away.
When you're dropping subs like that.
That's a giggle trash explosion.
Hope you're proud of yourself, kids.
I'm proud of every time I hype train triggers.
Do you wanna rap this time?
No, I despise music.
That's a well-documented fact.
Hype train, are you here?
The train is being slightly weird today, everyone.
Just a little bit.
Yeah, I'm here.
What about it?
What about it?
Is Scrummin' X2?
Did you date the hype train?
No.
Get this creature out of here.
Which one, baby?
Tell me, Sidneyman.
Why does he look like that?
Yeah, why do you look like this today?
It's an extra piss thing.
The very thing is an extra hype piss thing.
It's a day of music case.
It's a day for beautiful music.
This is the worst.
Why does this happen every time?
Why is this the thing that happens every time, case?
Because of all the support.
That's how Twitch works.
The hype train is summoning when there's enough support.
Drop a DBZ beat.
You don't have to ask me even once, actually.
Don't even ask me once.
Dragon Ball Z trapezeeat.
Bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam.
Let's stop, how about that?
Wow.
Scrum, I hit the eject button.
Huhuh, huhuh.
Wow, that's fucked up.
Why would you do that?
Can you do that?
You really proud of yourself?
I feel so good about what I just did.
Play me a sad type trap beat.
Play me a sad, the saddest trap beat
you've ever heard, case.
I think it's really fucked up
the way you're behaving right now.
I think it's fucked up the way the world is behaving,
but not about the wars or anything,
just in that they're being annoying to me.
That's your problem with the world.
The prime problem with the world
is that they're being annoying to me.
What happened?
I just wanted to wrap over Dragon Ball Z.
What's the beat, sweet?
What happened?
I feel more of a very than super saiyan sleep.
Like I've been passed over.
Listen up, Jack.
Give the trash to this mamma jam 300 shiny tasty coins
and I've been dying to say this.
I approve of this stream applying for partner.
Jack, it's the only way to heal this country.
Never enough
and now just like my go-go plushie
I feel like I'm fucking stuffed
I'm just not enough.
Look at what you've done, Scrum.
This, I made it worse.
I did make it.
This is worse.
And when I miss you
now I miss, I miss Krillin.
What?
I miss, I miss Krillin.
I just hear him missing Krillin.
I miss his shiny head.
I miss his little orange up suit.
I miss the way he powers up.
I miss the destructive discs.
I miss the things that he does when he lives
and when he gets killed by a cyber man.
I miss all of that shit.
I miss you, Krillin.
I even miss Yadro-obi.
I even miss the version of Bu-Aries, a little guy.
After he dies and he comes back as a human.
I miss it all.
I can't believe this.
I can't believe I didn't get robbed in day-laysing.
I'm missing you.
I'm missing you.
I miss Krillin.
I'm missing that other version of Bulma too.
Other version of Bulma.
I'm missing it all.
I'm missing Krillin.
I even miss that character.
I miss it again.
I'm missing Krillin.
Merin?
Man, that is one even I don't know.
I do, I do, I am familiar obviously
with the one that looked exactly like Bulma that Krillin dated,
the one named Merin.
Launch?
No, I know the launch.
That's the one that flips personalities.
Then there's one that ends up being a CIA agent or something
that briefly dated Krillin.
Man.
I probably remember more Dragon Ball Z episodes
than I do in my own life.
Actually, now that I think about it.
That's sad, guys.
I'm sorry that this was taken from you.
Can you thank the subs though, please?
I guess.
Is there even a point anymore?
The same beat again?
I feel like that beat, I guess there's more than one beat out there.
I am.
I received a vision step.
But did I ever receive love?
Are the subs all I love that I got?
Is that enough for me, man?
I'm not even anymore.
If the subs aren't enough anymore
I just gotta fucking sub from Giggle Trash
Will the subs last?
10 community subs
Yeah
I risked the days when I got 10 community subs from Giggle Trash
That was today.
And I missed those days
I missed the way that I used to get 10 subs
It was just, it just happened.
And I miss it so much
Giggle Trash every day
They never come around anymore
But what happened to us?
A miscar came giving me a community sub
It never happens anymore
It just happened
And I miss it
And I also miss bundlesprout with the hot 100 bits, man
Eldred B, what happened to us?
You just gave me a community sub
Actually 42 months
It's actually a resub for 42 months
I miss every one of those 42 months
I can't believe they're done
There will never be another month
Like those 42 months, now that the months are done
Oh my God, 42 homes
Apple Dapples still addicted to Snapple
Or are they even addicted to Snapple?
Was it too much of a hassle?
Are they no longer addicted to Snapple?
We'll never know the answer
Giggle Trash, thank you so much for the 300 bits
It was the kind of thing we used to say
Back in the day, but everything changed
And now I'm like, no way
A time-dream with the 5 community subs
That would be so much love
But that's how it used to be, not anymore
I can't believe we never get these subs anymore
And I miss them
Just like I miss Crillion
And even Marin
Whose name I don't know
Everything changed after Fiona left?
Yeah, that is true though
Why is he getting horny now?
I'm so sad that I'm horny
Hey bass, spit that bitch
And I have no fear, so say it
Use the tears to lubricate my nears
If it ends, my rear ends
Then I'll band over and
I'll give myself a band
I'm so sad baby
Don't you'd like to see me cry
Come on
for the best. He died there. Where was he talking about? He was so sad that he was horny. I get
that. You get that? I get that. That speaks to me. Too bad I hate music. You played that
beat right now I wouldn't even rap over it. Good. No thanks. I didn't play it Scrum.
Last Scrum in the cut was up, so nasty with the beard that you know that I fuck
got the jawline given by the hair I don't care at the end of the day. I'm the number
one player make the girls fucking wetter than John Mayer. Are you proud of yourself?
I didn't do anything. I just blanked out for a minute. That was just me talking about facts.
You're the worst. That's Rich coming from you. Back to the news please. Let's just
wrap these stories up Scrum. SC woman, excuse me, SC woman buys four lottery tickets
and wins four times. What the fuck is this ridiculous? This is like a bad example. That doesn't happen
usually. Only happens like half the time. That's right. She got a lucky 50% there.
That's crazy. She got that lucky with that 50% chance of that happening. Mom of three who
vanished 24 years ago while Christmas shopping found alive and well. So dramatic. I guess we
actually need to read this video. On February 20th, the Rockingham County Sheriff's Office
said Michelle Hundley Smith 62 who was first reported missing in 2001 had been found after
detectives received new information about her disappearance. Authorities made contact with
Smith at an undisclosed location in North Carolina. She's alive and well.
Why is this so loud? Why is YouTube so quiet? This is so loud and it's just music.
It's because you love music so much. Not true. Her request for current whereabouts will remain
undisclosed. Officials said Smith's family was notified that she had been located and
informed about her request to keep her whereabouts undisclosed. So she just got fucking sick
of her husband, I guess. Maybe kids. Did you have kids? Did she abandon her whole family?
I can understand abandoning a husband, but the kids, the children, you don't even have
children. You need to respect husband's rights more. Think we've got enough rights?
Oh, yep. She had a kid. Damn. She just fucking bailed on her whole family. She
had a 14 year old daughter. It's a tough age. It's a tough age. What can you say?
It's not the truth. It's not your hair. I don't have hair. The phantom hair is...
Okay, what's this? NVIDIA gets US licensed to ship some H-200 ships to China. Good news, China.
Yeah, I mean, this is sort of, I feel like a very recurrent narrative now that you go into these
earnings and it's always that, yeah, NVIDIA is going to beat the consensus on Wall Street.
It's not going to top the loftiest of projections and then investors are going to be disappointed.
And that's exactly what we're seeing this time around, but just in terms of the numbers. So they're
saying that the fiscal first quarter sales are going to be about $78 billion. That was ahead of,
as I said, as I said, analyst projections. The average was for $72.8. So quite a big gap there,
but the loftiest was around $80 billion. So you're just shy of that. In terms of what we
saw in the fourth quarter, again, the numbers were strong here. So the story on NVIDIA,
feeling for the last year has been it's huge, insanely giant company that isn't growing enough
somehow because it grew too much already. We'll see what happens, everybody. What's the largest
company at the end of June, everyone? Look at this exciting graph. Look at it grow and drink. Alphabet.
Alphabet was almost the largest. I guess everybody knows the alphabet. NVIDIA
is way up here. Everybody else down here. I mean, honestly, they're still, and they haven't reached
quite their peak of whatever, October. I guess they just were experiencing like insane growth
for a couple of years, and it's been a little more steady for the last couple. I mean, I'm
of the feeling that we're probably being insane crash at some point when a current AI host of
cards comes tumbling down, but hey, maybe we'll just prop it up forever. Maybe we will prop it
up forever somehow. Six companies swapping capital. They're addicted to that BlackRock. BlackRock. What
can you do? About only 50% of people approve of AI use. It's had over five years to make a mark.
In my lifetime, I have not experienced the technology this despised. I feel like you would
read about like the Luddites in like the industrial era, the industrial revolution being like,
we need to burn down this printing press. I'd be like, that's so ridiculous. Now I see where
they were coming from. We need to start burning down these printing presses. Think of the printing
press though, as you could see its use and immediately be like, or like factory automation,
you could see the use with AI. Unless you're a coder, then I guess you could see the use.
But for the rest of us, I don't know. I don't know. Then AI will make graphic cards to
make money to make better graphic cards than better AI. And that's how the planet turns into a
Black Hole. Yeah, eventually we'll just make a Blackwell chip so strong somehow named after me.
Yeah, that's what they were going for. They named it after you case. Yep, they did.
They know and can deny that they named that chip after me. And someday it'll get so strong that
it will be a Black Hole and suck our beautiful planet into it. And then we will all be
then prompt theory will come true. We'll all be one big prompts together.
Very cool stuff. Very cool sci-fi ideas that happen here on this stream.
Let's see what this video is of.
Had had a pretty grim diagnosis. And I mentioned it to the president. I said,
Congressman Don is a real champion and a patriot because he's still coming to work.
And this isn't zoomed in, by the way. This is just how this video is framed on this website.
If others got this diagnosis, they would be apt to go home and retire.
What was the diagnosis? It was, I mean, I think it was a terminal diagnosis.
He would be dead by June. Okay, that wasn't public, but yeah, okay.
It was grim. That's what I was going to say. Mike called me and he said,
sir, we're up by three, but we're going to lose one by June.
He said, who? Neil Dunn. He said, Congress, great congressman.
Incredible. He called to say that he was terminal, really bad heart. There's nothing they can do.
I said, that's bad. Number one, it was bad because I liked him.
Number two, it was bad because I needed his vote. But he really said, Mike, I'm going to
less this out for the president than you. And however long I live, I mean, it looks like June
is the time, but however long I live, I'm going to be about. I like the angle on how many people
just pre-mortem videos like this, you know, because I don't want to have a terrible story
about this. I did it for him first and for the vote second, but it was a close second actually,
but I did it for the vote second. He's just so candid. He's just so candid.
What's happening there? It was just him, you know, dropping some medical facts
that weren't his own about a different congressman. He's like, can't die yet, need you.
Do need you. Violating Trump's Hippocratic oath that he took. That wasn't even the story. I think it
was just a random video that was attached to a different story, but I think it's a little dose
of Trump for us for the day. HHS staffer changed agency's voicemail to domino's pizza message to
protest flood of calls from animal rights activists. Unfortunately, there's too many
hyperlinks in this thing that know where that even is. Rogue staff member changed the automated phone
greeting to one of the agency's numbers to imitate a pizza shop. Okay, how was that not the video that
was up here? Trump blurts out congressman's terminal health condition as he frets over house majority.
Hey, whatever, you can imagine. Imagine what? You call in to some government agency and they're
like domino's pizza fuck, boring, anybody. This is an active protest. I'm sure that's what the voicemail
said. Yeah, just imagine that's what the voicemail said. US Mint can produce begin producing Trump
commemorative gold coin after Arts Commission approved design. Oh, this is like the official
US minted coin. New president, you get your own coin.
They make your president all you get is a coin and a watch. Some other things too. A federal
arts commission on Thursday approved the final design for 24 karat gold commemorative coin
bearing president Donald Trump's image. Well, don't tease us. Where's the image? No image.
Do you think it says Trump or it has his face on it or both? Could be. Let's just imagine it
actually. Maybe someday we'll get to see it. We'll get to hear about how valuable it is when
he drops a video being like, no Trump coin. Get your coin while you can. It hasn't been minted yet.
The collectors are waiting with baited breath. They are baiting with their breath.
One of Trump's friends reportedly asked ICE to arrest the mother of his child in custody battle.
That doesn't sound like they got nothing ICE would do.
A Trump coin. Finally a coin worth less than a penny. I hope so. One can hope.
Okay, we'll end on this. You're tired of us getting shit on by politicians, everyone.
The birds have our back. The birds said, hold my beer. I will shit on these politicians for you.
Wow, I didn't miss a beat.
Oh.
And I couldn't miss anything else. I couldn't miss anything else.
Is that a smooth handling of a bird shitting on your head? I want to be generous and say that smooth.
But he did immediately give himself the full part rub. Just like instant bird shit hand.
One of those robot pigeons. He has political adversaries who are like sending the pigeons.
Oh god, is this really it? Is this the fucking coin design? No, no, no. No, no, no, no, no.
Well, we got a full screen this. Trump appointed panel approves 24 carat gold coin featuring his
image. What a design. Wow, what a design. Maybe I need a half screen this so you can really see it,
everybody. There it is. And of course his birth date to the current year. He's born in 1776.
If I learned anything from TikTok, it's that Trump was definitely around in 1776.
That's, that is so generous to how he looks. Look at how sharp they made his jaw. They
need to design my coin too. Yeah, vastly thinner. This is the Robert Redford commemorative Trump coin.
People are saying it's Lloyd Bridges. That's probably closer, actually. It's definitely not him.
If you squint it's Ronald Reagan. On the back, it's a shit filled diaper. Then it would sell.
Then you're hitting both markets because if you love Trump, you're probably shitting your diaper,
so you find that relatable. And then if you hate Trump, you got it because it's got a shitty
diaper on it. That's why they need to bring me in to the White House marketing team. Sounds
like a winning proposition. Can we be done? I'm wondering, we're never done. The news is never done,
scrum. We've been using already for an hour and 15 minutes. Who would be on the bin coin,
Pepito? Yeah, that seems right. Pepito, would you want to be on the bin coin? Nope.
You could eat it after. Oh, okay, sure.
Matt Liddell, yeah, on the back Matt Liddell. No, on the back, it's my arm, but with Matt Liddell's face.
Or Kendall or something. So I can shit my diaper? I'll be shitting my diaper soon enough.
All in due time, Mr. Whoopie Boo Boo. Just give me a couple more years before I'm diaper ready.
All right, let's send it to a different thing. And then a different thing after that. But first,
it's time for Munch and Crumb. Got a haircut recently, so I'm looking extra fresh today.
That's a haircut. This is a haircut. Just got it tuned up a little bit. Hit that lip right.
Here's the look. Retired widow, staring out a window sadly. Is that those that you're
going to barber and say that? Give me the haircut I've seen in various cross-state medication ads.
That would be an ads for men. No, the Shad wife. By the window in a cross-state medication ad,
because her husband died because she didn't get a regular checkup. That's the haircut you have.
I'm unflapped. I'm unflappy-birded by your statements because I know I look good. Well,
actually, what this is, isn't your tired insults. You're the one today acting up, actually. Like
you do. Slanderous snake words. Slanderous snake words. Slander snake. Not solid. The opposite of that.
This is Munch and Crumb. I'm sure he's at the debate. I'm liking how I do that. I'm hating how
you do that. I'm hating. Can you stop doing that every time? It explains the show. It's a debate
show. You get to shut the debate, and then we didn't get to decide the winner. Live.
I'll add that whole preamble to shut. Today's debate is for the best hand game. Do you use
dominant hand or non-dominant hand? Gosh, this is such a good question.
It is? This is such a good question. We got to add who posed this because I've been waiting for
somebody to ask this. Let me get it. Let me get a little secret here. Let me get a little secret here.
What? Let me let you get a little secret here. Both. As a fucking cop up. I'm ahead in the plane
count. I get to decide my side first. My side is both sides. Now, when you want to be a little
ambidextrous when you're ambidecking, and look, if you're not big enough to get two hands on it,
that's okay. I'm just saying swap it up. And really, both hands should be engaged for maximum
hand game. Do a little tickling, a little teasing. As I mentioned before, a lot of
expert hand game involves teasing. I don't want to, can we change the debate? Is that an option to
can, can we get drone struck? Can I call that in on us? I'm immortal. I'll survive.
Would you survive too? Because of all the fire you're breathing lately? I'm not, I'm not sure.
But obviously what you're saying is deeply immoral and troubling.
My, my side is both. Pick a side. I think lobster claws. What? I want you to masturbate with
very sharp lo- lobster claws. I think they'd be the best for you. That's not good advice.
That's stupid. That's, you're, you're defeating the point of the debate. That's not even the
question. The question also was not both. It was one or the other. So if we're fucking,
if we're throwing everything out the window, my side is lobster claws. I think it, I think,
I think that's what real hand game masters do. That's desperate. You're being desperate.
I don't want to talk about this with you. I don't want to hear about the teasing and the tickling.
That's because you don't care about quality. You don't care about quality hand game. You never
have. Yeah, I don't. I don't care about quality masturbation hand techniques. Listen to what you're
saying. Listen to the, the, the pleasure you're denying yourself because you refuse to challenge
standard hand game practices. I don't consider standard hand game practice. Can we, can I just
make it, can we please get this, we have to do this, can we get this out of the way? I'm so excited
for this. You're ruining it. You already ruined it by immediately undermining the nature of the
debate by picking both sides. You fucking freak. Me? I'm the one, you're the one talking about
how you don't even care about hand game. Can we just give crumbs up? Yeah, just give them the
point. No, wait, no, we absolutely can't do that. Lobster claws are superior and I will
defend this position. Oh, you care suddenly? I care that I'm correct as always as usual. If I'm
not going to make that debate, please. I'm on the side of lobster claws and I'm on the side of both hands.
It's not that crazy of a position. It was an earnest question. I'm giving you an earnest
response. I'm not trying to make a joke out of everything like some people. Somebody called
clavicular and Andrew Kellihan to reliticate this conversation apparently. What are you even
fucking talking about? I'm not sure. Go! Look, I will take care of this. Crumb thinks that
expert hand game is apparently about using your easy to manipulate human hands on easy mode.
You're probably the kind of person who plays Resident Evil 9 on fucking casual settings,
not even normal settings, not even classic settings. You'll never play in sanity mode
in a video game because you don't fucking care about actual challenge and skill. Meanwhile,
you got extra sharp fucking lobster claws. You still have to find a way to jerk your cock off.
You think that doesn't require expert hand game? That doesn't require true masculine
manipulation of the phallus? Because there's ways to do it. I've been cursed in a million different
freakish combinations of animal claws and I've found a way every fucking time because I actually
believe in quality and I don't equivocate and make up false professions. Guys, look, it's very simple.
Hand game isn't just about, you know, you're not just fucking waxing a pole, everybody, okay?
If you're treating your penis like a fucking car pump, then you're doing it wrong. You need to
treat it like a sensitive flower. Treat it with the same respect that you treat a pussy. Oh my god,
don't ever say that. I'm just saying. Why do we only treat female genitals with gentle reverence?
You can do the same for your male member, but then you can also go hard on it. What are you
talking? I'm saying you can treat your erogenous zones with tenderness and care. That's part of
hand game. Everybody's going in so full force when really you can treat your penis like a pussy.
No way this is close. No way in what direction. I've lost my sense of direction. I've lost my sense
of appetite, but I haven't lost this fucking debate like usual. But to lose your hair, no,
but I get excited. My hair rises to the occasion. Some people in here still understand what
quality is and professionalism. Look, it takes a long time for the cutting edge to reach the masses.
I hate to say it. We hate expertise in this country nowadays. You'll catch on eventually.
When you really, in the cold hard light of an office bathroom that you, when you've got a
private office bathroom, you lock the door, in that cold hard light, you will think about
what I said and you will realize I was correct. What? I'm just saying when you're jerking off at
work next time, you'll think about me. What the fuck are you talking about? Well, wherever you
jerk off, you'll think about me and you'll realize I was right. You'll think about me while you
jerk off and you'll realize I was right. Obviously you're not thinking about me sexually
necessarily unless you're into that. You'll think about my advice. You'll think about me
while you jerk off. I hate what has happened here today. I love the victories I've earned.
Of course I love the wolves in chat, but it is my duty to despise the man next to me
and everything he says and stands for is pure wickedness.
And I don't apologize, but I do. I will see you die again.
And you apparently killed me once and it didn't stick so good.
Luck stick to this little bit of this little bit of this. That's it. Bye bye everybody.
Still beardless in this one shot.
Some settle. You shape shifting freak. Me. Me, Peter. Let's not do this. Let's be
civil today. You weren't scheduled for this. Why are you here? The other person couldn't make it.
Chat was requesting a grandma earlier. She couldn't make it.
Why are you saying it like that? She was unable to arrive today.
So I'm here. Am I going to need to do a wellness check? I don't want the wall.
The wall's doing just fine. Don't you worry about that.
Peter, did a kushball alien end up in the wall or a furry alien raccoon?
Oh, there's both. There's been both in there.
Don't worry. It's a multi-variant wall filled with untold treasures.
We're going to just move on to the amongst the web thread where you can post your favorite videos
from whatever. There's not really any standards. Just don't put post anything that'll get me
kicked off Twitch. Ideally, let's see what we have today starting us off.
We got coming in from John Michael. Oh, it's sorry.
Genro 001. Whatever this is.
Children's entertainment can get pretty hardcore. His teeth are really white.
This goes to show you're never too busy for hygiene.
Never, never, never. How hard is it to rip out a man's part case?
Why would I know that? You'd be surprised what people know.
Are you threatening me today, Peter? What is going on? No, what?
Just a little gentle conversation. How much force do you think it takes to
rip out the heart of a living man? A lot.
I need to add that to the how-to section.
Some part intern and noted case tolerator Jan states their case on why they should be on
the bin coin. It requests from propaganda. We can do that. Guys, we can do that.
But first, more of this stuff.
But I'm a act like I'm rich.
Sometimes that's all you need is just a hot beat and a couple shoots,
three second clip of dancing. It's true. Power of simplicity coming in from card cake.
I can't deny when it's effective. It's super effective.
Our weaknesses. Power ranger dance loops.
Yeah. If you're this happy, Jason, David, Frank is happy in another universe.
There's got to be one where he's happy, right?
An easy 10, everybody. Count it out.
But Card King also shared whatever this is. Like I said, it's almost a weekend.
Wow, you like to say that? I love to say that it's almost a weekend.
So maybe you're barbecuing. If you are, here's meats to prepare you.
Ah, it's marion. Oh, definitely. I'm a cook.
It's good. It's good. It's delicious.
Or do you think they're curious about that?
It doesn't matter. It's not because they don't want it.
It's because they can't.
It's a year of traitor that I have in the kitchen.
Dad, look.
I love when a good green broth spills out of a meat.
I can't tell if I want to eat that or I don't.
I kind of want to eat it. Kind of?
It is. It was sort of was a full on come steak.
Not a zero. We've got a split audience here between zero and 10.
And that is how I feel as well.
It was unsub. Maybe it was low quality.
There's a video quality.
What is this Argentinian nightmare?
I think it's that it's green. Or it's just all butter.
It's a little unsettling and yet part of me is like, I would eat that.
You would eat it for sure.
You would want 100%
You are worse today than usual.
Everybody is.
It's the world.
Jesus, Peter.
Okay. What is this?
Cyclopedia.
I don't know if we want...
Real to real audio tape recording.
Also called...
Oh, we watched this whole thing, but...
This is Cyclopedia.
Open real recording.
Is magnetic tape audio recording in which the recording tape is spooled between reels?
Magnetic tape recording uses an amplified electrical audio signal to generate analogous
variations of the magnetic field produced by a tape head,
which impresses corresponding variations of magnetization on the moving tape.
In playback mode, the signal path is reversed.
The tape head acting as a miniature electric generator
as the varying magnetized tape passes over it.
We're learning.
In playback mode, the signal path is reversed.
The tape head acting as a miniature electric generator
as the varying magnetized tape passes over it.
Rewind is the process of winding magnetic tape inside a real back...
Okay.
Let's get spoilers for the end here.
Women, life from technology, art and culture to faith and views of nature is established
through magnetic recording.
Even physics and philosophy are associated with the concept of...
So, you know, there was a whole build up.
We skipped it, though.
There was like a natural cool build up.
We skipped the whole thing, though.
We did.
We skipped all of the art.
Unfortunately, it was two minutes of art.
And we have about a hard 60 second limit on art here.
We don't even do 60 seconds of art.
Yeah, but we do do two hours of something else.
Boner killer?
Sorry, sorry.
Today we're trying to murder as many boners as possible.
This is a boner murdering stream.
But, you know, it's a preview.
Go check out the real deal at Cyclepedia.
Eight.
If I had to let it play, it could have been a 10.
This one, I don't think will be a 10.
Depending on how you guys are feeling today.
This is not...
Oh, the goon lord!
What is he gonna say to me?
I pledge fealty.
Okay!
I'm fine.
I pledge fealty to you, goon lord.
Oh, shoot.
Stuck in my ear there for a minute.
And not goon goo.
My headphone came off in a weird way.
I'm just fixing it.
Don't worry, everybody.
I'm just fixing it.
Oh, no.
It dropped.
We're gonna go one head.
We gotta go one headphone in now.
The goon lord!
I liked that.
You're a fan?
I like...
I like the costuming.
I appreciate a good costume.
Peter touched his heads with me.
I was leaning over to check on the where it went.
Yeah, we're checking.
I don't like it.
We're behind each other a little bit, so we didn't touch heads.
You don't have to explain a case.
We can touch heads.
All right, there's a guy that's not Jeffrey Epstein.
Just to be clear, this is not Jeffrey Epstein.
Hey, everybody. This is Palm Beach Pete.
And my video went viral because some dude randomly
filmed me while I was driving on I-95.
I'm benouncing me.
And the next thing I know, I'm a viral sensation.
I had my phone down for about four hours.
I didn't know if my phone was blown up with all these
comments from that video.
So I got a lot of traction.
It's pretty crazy.
Thanks.
So you're not Jeffrey Epstein?
I'm not Jeffrey Epstein.
I'm Palm Beach Pete.
Got a boy. Yeah.
Okay. He's out.
Oh, that'll clarify things.
Now he's all set.
No one will think he's Jeffrey Epstein now.
It is sort of what Jeffrey Epstein would say.
Thank God he's not in Israel or we would never.
People would never believe that he's not Jeffrey Epstein.
No, we believe he's not.
Nobody's going to still like he is.
He doesn't like that.
He looks a little like him, but only a little.
Check the back seat and the trunk for files.
Yeah. He's got Palm Beach.
Jeff.
What's his name, Jeff?
No, it was Palm Beach.
What is it?
It was Palm Beach something.
He's got Palm Beach files.
Not like, but not that type.
Oh, great.
It's clavicular, everybody.
Attempted to not click on this,
but I'm also tempted to click on this.
So I'll split the difference and click on this.
Kirk have gotten assassinated if he were Chad.
Well, probably not.
And here's why.
Good looking people experience something
called the halo effect.
So it's quite possible that if Charlie were to be better looking,
someone wouldn't have hated him enough to assassinate him.
What happened to him is quite terrible.
And this might be an insensitive video to make,
but I'm really trying to bring awareness
to how brutal the black bill is.
Looks really are going to determine the quality
of your life to a high degree.
So if you're not doing everything you get to maximize them,
you're missing out.
The most brutal video yet.
Truly.
He's unleashing some hard truth.
This case.
Sometimes I don't love the way I look.
Q Peter.
Yeah.
We all experienced a little pouts of lack of confidence.
Then I look in the mirror and I realize
it's not all about luck.
You live a full life.
Just being mostly handsome.
Just being pretty handsome.
Yeah, you don't,
you did not deserve the sad music for that at all.
Well, I got it too late.
The heist of the century, everybody.
Let's do a couple more.
Let's just do a few more.
We haven't done this in a while.
What the fuck is going on here?
Here's this.
Okay, that's it.
That's all for that one?
That's all that one was.
And I'm really looking for this headphone.
Not fine.
Good thing I don't have the type of personality
where I get unnecessarily
preoccupied with unimportant things.
Will this one work?
I don't know.
Fine, I admit defeat.
Peter, you're looking for it too, are you?
I'll admit it.
Hey, I'm a little bothered that the headphone disappeared.
Hyper focus.
I love the hyper focus.
It's the Ritchie.
Thank you so much for those two dancing men.
Sub goal, do all of these.
All right, live in Sleazy's calling out
for a new sub goal with this one.
But I'll be the judge of whatever this is.
Me and Wallace influencers have put up our butts.
Me, that's private.
Wallace influencers chugging sesame oil up your butt.
Here's why I put coffee off my butt.
Coffee enema.
The coffee that you use anywhere between one and two tablespoons.
Rectal ozone.
How butthole sunning works.
It's a perfect place for that sunlight to drop right in.
Put in all different kinds of herbs.
I put salt.
Coffee enemas kill parasites, bacteria, and fungus.
Blue.
First thing, I am dying.
There's nobody on the planet that does coffee enemas better than me.
So?
Yeah, can you put salt in your ass?
Well, you can.
You really think you couldn't get some in there?
I just mean medically.
Do they actually think it's a good idea to put salt in their ass?
You ask if you can.
The answer is yes.
Salt, water, sure.
It sounds like a mighty irritate.
To me, it sounds like a mighty irritate.
I think I guess I've eaten plenty of salty foods.
Two enzymes up there.
Like going into the ocean?
Yeah, but sometimes you get a chaffed butt.
From all the salty.
All the salt on your ass.
Maybe that doesn't happen.
People get chaffed at the beach, right?
I don't know, Kay.
Are you a butthole influencer now?
No, they're wellness influencers.
They just happen to have some butthole content.
Look, as a guy who recently stretched his pelvic floor to the maximum,
I get it.
I get the value.
So, Barbie it for me to duck down.
They're extra yummy stuff.
Fun fact, they've all been teleported to Waffle House.
I believe that too.
If you get well enough, you get teleported.
Haven't you had sex in the ocean?
When did I ever talk about having sex in the ocean live in Sleazy?
Me?
This case looked like an ocean sex type of guy.
How sore were you after the workout stream, by the way?
I wasn't actually very sore.
Although my abs, no my abs weren't sore.
My hips were a little bit sore.
They think I have kind of bad hips.
Maybe it's a bad sign of your joints are sore.
I feel like the muscles around my hips were a little sore.
Which is part of why I think I need to do more mobility style working out.
Not that I'm old or anything.
You figure every coastal person has had sex in the ocean?
Listen, I'll never tell.
It'd be rude to the ladies I may or may not have made love to in the ocean.
Ladies?
Whoever!
A gentleman never fucks in the ocean and then rags about ocean fucking.
Hips resort from the hot dog trick?
Yeah, maybe it was that thrusting.
Yes, I mean, I'm assuming you can't get some salt.
Just the idea of like, I'm thinking of putting like a
Morton salt in your asshole.
Sprinkling it on like it's a steak.
This seems like a recipe for some discomfort to me.
That's an IV fluids drippy, are you right?
I guess of course you can put salt.
Just the idea of having a really salty butt hole, so it's...
Slightly unpleasant to me.
My butt hole is so salty today.
Blue would lube chef approve of sex in the ocean?
I don't know because it's already...
It's not wet in a lubey way.
It's just normal wet.
Normal wet?
Yeah, it's just normal wet.
Is it bad for you to have sex in bodies of water?
I feel like I've heard that before.
As an excuse.
Ew.
Uh, salt the rim.
Oh, that's a bullhole margarita.
We've lost track of what we're doing on this stream, I think.
So we're gonna send it to Brandon who has to play Bonk's Revenge.
Bonk's...
Homecoming?
He's gotta play the Bonk game that was requested.
So let's do that.
Let's end the stream with a little bit of Bonk action.
And I think hopefully next week we'll finally be caught up enough on all of these segments.
Get your hand.
Stop it.
That we can uh...
Get back to making some music.
We also need to make...
Brandon his own theme song.
And I gotta start releasing all those tracks that we...
Have in the tank from months ago.
Well, we'll go back to the...
We'll go to the expert for the raid.
We'll use Jan's services when we have to raid somebody.
And before that we'll send it to Brandon.
Can't hear anything.
Oh, there it is.
Bye.
Hey.
Yeah, okay.
Yeah, I bet I am looking nice.
I don't feel nice.
Someone spiked my raspberry fanto with water.
Made me sick as a dog this morning.
A couple minutes ago when I woke up.
So I'm not in a good mood.
And I don't want to hear about it from all of you.
So take it easy.
What?
Bran Bran, if you want any coffee, I use it all for health reasons.
Fine, I don't drink...
I don't drink coffee.
Everything has caffeine in it.
Why do people bother with coffee?
We have pineapple...
We have pineapple cafe, Gamer Slud.
I'm sponsored today.
I'm sponsored by Gamer Slud.
They sent me some pineapple cafe.
Gamer Slud?
It's my official flavor, it's pineapple cafe.
I think that that has slight hints of mocha and turmeric and methane.
That's a response.
What?
Your mouth's not...
His mouth isn't moving.
That's weird.
He's totally silent, isn't he?
Sorry about that.
Brick is being quiet, but he should be talking now.
What are you talking about, Brick?
You left early this morning.
I was worried Waffle House tonight for dinner.
Yeah, fine.
But don't be weird and bring all those guys in suits to talk to me
about how I have untold power over the nation in the course of history again, please.
Bonk, the Gina Darling tribute game.
Yeah, today we're playing Bonk.
We're playing Bonk today.
He's taking revenge.
On all of you, on everybody, whoever, whoever fucked with him.
And I am in support of that.
Yeah, you make enemies.
Even when all you're trying to do is what's right.
And that's what happened to Bonk and he's taking revenge.
And that's good.
We, as a, honestly, as a people, we need to get comfortable with that.
It's on the Turbografx 16.
If anyone's wondering.
Brandon, I need you to take the largest depository.
You can find fill it with baking soda, insert it, and then this is very important.
Insert a gallon of apple cider vinegar and then pray.
Okay.
Sorry, I'm trying to set up a game mom.
I don't really have time to be cooking with vinegar or something.
I don't do the cleaning here.
That's we hired that spirit to do that.
We have a go stick in the house.
What?
What?
The controls for Bonk's revenge isn't been news.
This is weird controls.
Is it have specific controls?
It's not just like jumping and stuff.
I need to know combos.
Obviously, he sent these controls jump.
Press repeatedly to calm walls headbutt.
Ground dive spin.
Ground pound.
Advanced maneuvers wall jumping jump towards the wall and hit
L to climb.
Oh, hit button one to climb.
Triangle jump.
What if you ever shove coffee up your ass?
No. Listen to my instructions.
It's easier when you have a friend do it.
Otacon shove this coffee up my ass.
Did it happen?
Look, obviously, I was recently sponsored by Baltholtanning.
So I'm not against it outright, but you really need a professional
check around when you do it.
Okay.
How do I full screen this?
Why is this such a lie?
Watch out.
Noted.
Chinese communist Case Blackwell did a Patreon stream from inside your room yesterday.
What?
He might be there now.
No.
There's no way you could get in here.
This is it's locked up by the smells.
We have a smell alert system.
Like people can't survive in here.
I created the ultimate security system with my body odors.
How do I full screen this shit?
Oh, I full screened it.
Okay.
Guys, check it out.
This is Bonk.
As you can see, he's pissed off because everybody's been fucking with him for no reason.
Some type of new AI generation software.
Yes.
Can I use it to give Pastor Joe a bigger dong for his church yearbook photos?
Is that like a cross?
A new type of cross or something?
No, it's not for that.
It's not that type of it.
There's a form of AI that is in Bonk for sure.
My toddler is crying.
Please help me call him.
Someone requesting my take on this situation.
Please help me calm him.
Sorry.
Mom, what?
I'm going to the store for more folders.
We keep running out.
Okay.
Get me some plastic bags filled with soda.
Look, if you want to call him a kid, give him chips.
Give him like a bunch of chips.
Just give him like a really big party size bowl of like
like off brand.
Not Takis.
Kids don't like stuff that's too on brand.
You want to find like off brand like Takiflavoured like chips.
Like not Takis themselves but Takiflavoured chips.
What?
There's nothing like the feeling of opening up your gooch and sun jaz in yourself.
Oh, yeah.
It's some spicy sunning hurt.
Oh, I can jump so high.
Oh, that's power.
Look, I was sponsored yesterday by sunning your ass all today.
I'm sponsored by GamerSled, Brick.
So please don't confuse everyone.
Get the official crypto Zeus pineapple cafe with hints of turmeric and methane.
What the fuck?
The brand brand, do you salt the rim for a butthole margarita?
Oh, what the hell does happen to me?
Oh my god.
I'm so pissed.
What the fuck?
I've gone nuclear.
I'm unstoppable now.
I lost my abilities.
Mom, I don't salt.
I don't drink.
It's a waste of energy.
But do pick me up plastic bags filled with soda please.
I miss milk pouches from school sometimes.
So you can actually just stick a straw in a bag of soda and drink it that way.
It reminds you of milk pouches from school and it's really fun.
I fucking rock at this game.
Look, I can even swim.
The hell just happened to me.
You think you can do that to me?
Oh my god.
He just did.
Get fucking bonk.
Bonk.
I just realized I can bonk.
This is huge for me.
Drink water, god damn it.
What, I have to go to the hospital or something?
It's about the only reason I'm going to be doing that shit, mom.
Because if you fucking anesthetize me and force me.
What the fuck is this shit?
This is a mess.
This is so unfair.
This guy's unstoppable.
What's this thing?
This game's impossible.
This is bullshit.
No, this is bullshit.
I just have to play flawlessly now.
Fuck me.
I think he's done for.
No, I'm sitting duck.
This sucks.
I fell asleep.
I'm just straight up asleep.
Oh, woke up.
I'm fine.
Easy.
This game's easy as shit.
I mean it's hard but I'm good at it.
I miss the big bone.
Fuck.
That's a speedrunning strat.
You waste time by getting the big bone.
I don't even care that I missed it.
Honey, Brianna, how do I share my metaglassers stream?
I need the townspeople to see my work.
Um, I know how to disable the light on the side
so that you can go stealth mode so that no one knows you're recording.
Do you want that?
Because I can show you how to disable the light on the side
so that you're in stealth mode.
That's what the kids call it.
I'm a kid too.
So that's what I call it.
Um, okay.
What happened to the creatures in this lava?
Watch your mouth you fucking brat.
You want me to wash your mouth out with soap again?
No.
She wouldn't actually do that.
I'm an adult.
She wouldn't do that.
She's playing.
She's just being stupid.
Honestly, she's just being fucking stupid.
I haven't bonked out.
How do I bonk out?
Is there a special move called bonking out?
I need ribs.
I keep- I missed a rib.
The rib flew into the lava.
God damn it.
Everyone's trying to-
Oh my god.
I've been trying to ruin my life.
This sucks.
This sucks.
Happy birthday.
Yep.
Today's your birthday for the Lorewiki.
In case you forgot.
What?
I don't believe in birthdays.
Oh no.
Bonk!
Bonk!
Get out of there.
Why is this guy so strong?
No!
Bonk!
He's unbeatable.
I'm in an unwinnable situation.
Great.
I fell asleep again.
This sucks.
I'm trapped.
Yes.
Never.
Kids are a waste of time.
Literally like it was one of the dumbest things you can do
is ever have kids or like go outside.
It's so stupid.
Okay.
I can't see where I'm going.
What?
Oh I'm so-
I'm bonked out.
What?
Oh I'm so-
What the fuck?
I'm so bonked.
Oh my god.
I'm bonked the fuck-
Mom I can't hear about gorillas right now.
I'm being bonk.
I don't-
I don't know what you're saying about gorillas.
It doesn't sound reasonable though.
Get fucking bonked.
Mom you just don't understand.
I'm busy bonking.
Brandon turn up your TV.
I can't hear it through the wall.
And I like to keep an ear on what you're playing
in case it's one of those hentai games.
It's not a hentai game.
I'm not sponsored by that hentai game anymore.
To garashino nipple.
I'm not sponsored by that today.
It's about a man that doesn't have nipples.
He saw me play you.
We understand.
Oh fuck!
No my bonks!
Mom you fucking distracted me and I lost my bonks.
Oh this is impossible.
This is impossible.
Are you worried that while political streamer is going to find out
that you are making fun of him?
Who?
Mom what-
Literally what are you talking about?
She thinks she-
It's like-
It's like saying Nintendo for her.
She just doesn't even know what she's saying.
God.
No!
That was a trap!
The world is so unfair to Bonk.
Mom I'm busy.
I'm bonking.
I can't help with your stuff right now with your little toots.
I can't believe she's tooting so hard I can hear it through the wall.
And that's what she calls it okay?
I don't call it that.
She calls it that.
She won't know what I'm talking about if I don't say toot.
Oh my god that will let me bonk.
Why is it so high up?
No!
The world is-
It's such a twisted and dark world.
I bet money that you've never bonked before in your life.
I've played bonk on stream before.
You don't even know what you're talking about, Brick.
I've literally bonked before.
Stupid.
It's stupid what you say sometimes.
It's shit's impossible.
I have to really focus.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Oh my god this is so dark.
It's like a Dark Souls boss.
Mom.
What?
Mom what?
I didn't even say it.
I said fire at funking.
I'm talking about funk music.
And how I don't like it.
Oh great I'm on the wrong side.
Funk.
Are you actually serious?
Because that's so stupid.
She-
I will say-
I-
It's my house too.
I will literally say what I want.
It's funking stupid what she's-
Brick what?
Brick what?
Oh I can stand on this.
Expect traps.
Is life and in love.
I miss her.
I wonder if I should call her.
Who?
Oh yeah.
Expect traps.
Over and out.
What?
Who?
Oh my god I just flew up to heaven.
Oh I killed him.
I killed a whole dinosaur.
And when the dinosaur died it said
Drat.
I killed a dinosaur turtle in a volcano.
I killed it.
My head.
What?
Are you more of a bonker or a bonky?
I'm a bonker.
I think I'm more of a bonker.
More of a bonker?
That's- I'm literally bonking.
What don't you get?
Brick.
What the fuck is this guy's problem?
Why is there a spirit that's cursing me?
Yeah you didn't even know.
All right.
Fuck I can swim?
What?
I can't stay mad at you brandonium.
I slid some cake under the door.
Thank you mommy.
You brought it up your butt mister.
Thank you.
I'm dead.
Thanks mommy.
She- she thinks I put everything up my butt
because of that stream sponsorship.
It's honestly-
I was like almost-
It's almost not worth the huge amount of money I got paid.
It's because I got sponsored by Asseltaning for one stream.
You don't even put stuff up-
You don't- The only thing you put up your butt is the sun.
Which is easy to get up there.
What is this thing up-
What is this face?
I want it so badly.
I would badly like it but it's hopeless.
It's impossible to get it and quit.
This is honestly- This guy's eating too much.
Fuck me.
I'm dying to piranhas.
Oh my god.
He- Oh my god.
He's dying violently to these piranhas.
Oh fuck.
I drowned him to death.
Oh shit.
I fucked up.
I- I fucked up.
The water is bad.
I'm out of lives.
I can't make more mistakes.
I'm out of chances.
He did fall asleep underwater.
He seems okay though.
I guess you can just do that if you're a caveman.
I'm in bad shape.
I'm in bad shape and I'm-
I'm feeling really bad about- about it.
Rock.
Just bonk his ass.
There we go.
Oh fuck you piranha.
Get off of my bonk.
Get off the bonk.
Stop it.
Go away.
What the hell?
How is this even possible?
No.
You need frame perfect controls here.
It might look easy but it's honestly-
It's frame perfect inputs to hit these.
Oh god.
What does this bug want from me?
This is stressful.
I'm actually very stressed out and I-
and I- and this game is fucking-
It's fucking brutal.
Pro tip.
Don't get hit.
Thanks Brick.
Thanks.
Thanks Brick.
There's nowhere for me to go anymore.
There's nowhere left for-
for guys like me.
I'm trapped in the water and I'm-
and it's over for me and I died.
And- and your advice wasn't helpful Brick.
Fuck.
I was doing so good.
I was really doing good.
I have continues.
Hi.
I just met your little friend Zena
at the Piggly Wiggly today.
She was nice.
Her drunk old friend she was carrying.
Not so much.
I'm only friends with her uncle.
I don't know her.
I know her uncle.
He's a cool guy.
Got some good political takes.
Okay.
God this is brutal.
The game is fucking brutal.
Brick what?
I've heard you can use some hand game to help.
Relive some of that stress.
Remember to explore all the sensations.
Hard.
Soft.
Hot.
Cold.
And slippery.
Add lube.
Over and out.
That's actually pretty good advice.
I do have a hand game sponsorship stream coming up.
Sponsored by hand game.
It's a brand.
They're huge right now.
What?
Brick what?
You know I just realized it's impossible to slide cake underneath a door.
Do you have some sort of a doggie door on your bedroom door?
Yes.
Obviously.
I've talked about this before that I have a full size man size dog door on my door.
Because sometimes I don't feel like opening the door.
So I have a man size doggie door.
Man.
It's a man door within a door.
It's honestly been huge.
It's been very helpful.
And I can crawl through my door now and I don't feel like opening the knob.
And it's good for cake.
Brand brand.
I lost a few cumbos.
Grab some tongs and a headlamp and get in here.
What the fuck am I supposed to do here?
This is actually a...
Oh. It's actually a fun design choice.
It's a cool game mechanic actually it turns out.
It's fucking stupid though.
It sucks that I didn't understand what to do right away.
I'm so bonked out right now.
This fish is being a huge asshole.
Oh my god.
Bunked our bubbles.
What the hell bonked?
Don't forget to retain Snake Eater.
It increases your gaming abilities tenfold.
Over.
Oh my god I'm so fast.
Boom.
Oh my god I can climb.
If only someone had sent me these controls very kindly
and that literally told me I could do this.
I'm retaining. I'm definitely retaining.
Like obviously I know how to do that.
I'm fully retained.
I'm keeping myself on retainer.
Haha.
Brandy don't forget to hydrate baby.
I slid some soda under the door on a baking sheet.
Thanks mommy.
I need some of that baking sheet soda.
I'm...
I'm not... I don't really get thirsty but my mouth does crave soda.
I hate it when people say they're thirsty.
Like people actually get thirsty.
No. You crave soda.
I miss being bonked out.
Like I don't even have the power of a full bonk anymore.
Cause I never get to bonk out fully.
What the hell?
This thing is such a dick.
I miss being bonked out.
What the hell? This thing is such a dick.
This cursed spirit that haunts my dream.
Going to die.
The platforming is too intense.
Did you hear Tep Norris died today?
No.
There goes another one of your possible fathers.
What?
I don't know who that is mom and I don't care.
It's not my dad.
Dad's coming back.
She makes such a big deal out of it.
I've been gone for a couple years.
Um... okay.
What?
Grab items.
Jump.
And spin.
Ready? No.
I wasn't ready.
Oh shit.
Oh god.
Okay I get what they mean by jumping spin.
I fucking...
Fucking shit.
God damn it.
Mow the bloop in front yard.
Our new neighbors in California sent code
enforcement on us.
We don't have a yard.
We have that mud pit. How am I supposed to mow a mud pit?
I'll pull up all the bones if I mow it.
A lot of stray animals die in our mud pit.
It's not like we're killing animals.
Strays come to our mud pit to die.
So it's filled with bones.
I can't just mow the mud pit.
I'll kick up all the bones.
There's zero grass on it.
I don't even know what they would be complaining about.
It's entirely mud and bones.
What the hell? This was previously a boss?
Now it's just a regular ass enemy?
Oh fuck me. I'm losing control.
Hey baby boy.
I invented a new sandwich.
It's 16 slices of bologna.
Four craft singles in the wrapper.
A Snickers bar and a cup of ranch.
Wow. I want it.
Give me one.
May I have one of those mommy?
I'd love one of those please.
Slide it under the door.
Just a reminder that today's stream is sponsored by GamerSlud.
You can get my flavor pack.
GamerSlud.
You can get my flavor pineapple cafe.
Got hints of turmeric and methane.
Um, okay.
A lot of streamers bother with graphics.
They get like an overlay when they get sponsored.
That shit's fucking grand.
Tie some string to it so you can get it out.
I don't eat vegetables.
I don't insert or eat vegetables.
I think it's gross. I think they're gross.
Where am I going?
Oh my god. Little faces.
Oh my god. It was a huge secret.
I fell.
Screwed.
Mom, what?
You can only eat the sandwich when you finish your veggies.
No.
I will never finish them. Get me a sandwich.
Slide under the door.
I'm kidding actually. I finished the veggies.
But they're in here.
And I made the plate you sent them in on my broke.
So they're gone forever.
So just send in a sandwich.
I'm so focused and like,
and she's trying to mess with my game play right now.
What's that even about?
Like why would she even do that?
Like I made it so far in this game.
This is the furthest anyone's ever made it in this game.
She's trying to like, destroy that.
What?
You'll do better if you can remember that.
Oh, I haven't played a lot of
strand type games lately so.
That's actually good advice from Rick.
Oh fuck. Why are all these things cursed monsters
that hate my guts and want me to die?
Why does the whole world hate me
and want me to die?
Oh my god. It's another.
Just got your invite to your only brands.
Thanks. I think.
Yeah, no problem.
You can follow me at onlybrands.
Onlybrands.Kremlin.co.uk
Um.
Dot Masad.
Okay. No, that was it.
Boss of this level is a pizza
eating contest against the Noid.
No, please.
Are you serious? You have to tell me if you're serious.
That's not a funny joke.
If it is that, I will.
Please.
Oh my god.
I'll say it. You got to keep these guys out.
You can't have these little axe wielding guys in your country
just walking around.
Fishing, throwing axes at you.
Like, someone needs to do something about this
and that person is bonk.
I can't respect their culture. They're too busy throwing axes at my head.
Okay. You sound crazy right now.
Fuck. This guy is going to kill me. He's going to kill me.
I'm just going to be another statistic.
No, don't fall asleep, bonk. Wake up.
Bonk, wake up.
Is that what this is?
Fuck, I don't want to play it, then.
Get me out of here. Get me out of here. I need to get out.
This is bonk. You're confused. This is bonk.
Oh god, I'm going to hell.
No! Right on the spikes?
Are you serious?
Oh my god, this is so unfair.
This is so deeply unfair.
This is so deeply unfair.
Oh, right on the fucking spike.
Oh, fuck, he's taking a nap on a spike.
This is going really poorly for bonk.
He keeps getting turned into stone.
I think I won.
Oh shit, there's Graffiti in bonk world.
It doesn't look like Krillin.
Krillin wears a full orange jumpsuit that covers his legs.
Oh my god, it's fucking Lisa Simpson.
Oh, she's dead. She died.
I killed her.
He doesn't have that. He's bonk.
You're not getting it, Brick.
You're honestly not getting this, Brick.
You see the size of the dinosaur that I just bonked?
You're talking about how this is ineffective?
What the hell?
I can dance on the clouds?
It's beautiful.
Alright, now that I understand how this works,
there's no way I can fail.
Okay, the controls are not...
The controls are very aggressively not good.
They're aggressively bad controls.
No, no, I'm turning too slowly.
I'm turning too slowly.
So disappointing.
It's like a beautiful poem in the sky.
Being painted by bonk's head.
Yeah, I'm not afraid to be moved by art.
Oh, I'm pissed.
I'm pissed off now.
I guess you guys are going to realize
that you messed with the wrong caveman.
Bonk, you blew it.
Oh, you can climb.
Look how pissed he still is.
He's still so mad.
I get this.
Honestly, I can see why he's mad.
This world is dangerous and it's against him.
Everybody's always yelling at Bonk,
just because he like...
Doesn't... he's like unfiltered and he's raw.
I relate to this so hard.
Oh my god, I'm destroying igloos.
A lot of people know I'm not religious,
but that is one of my favorite Bible passages.
All the ones I really like actually.
Oh, fuck, okay.
Get bonked, get infinitely bonked.
Get bonked forever.
This is the last boss of the game.
This is the game's final boss, just so you guys know.
I made it.
This is the final boss of the game.
Gotta beat the game.
It's that easy.
And then this is the post-credits scene where you go to the hot springs.
Beautiful.
And then, honestly, that...
And stories like this that the gaming industry is afraid to tell them out.
They're afraid to tell a story of a caveman
defending his territory.
Because now everything has to be so safe,
the box not afraid.
What?
You just got your urology test back.
You are somehow producing pure bang energy.
Radical skedaddle flavor if you were curious.
Yeah, I mean, my blood is mostly radical skedaddle, bang energy.
But that's a healthy...
It's only if 50% is a healthy amount of bang to have in your blood.
That's not that big of a deal.
I gotta go, guys.
I'm very busy.
I've got a lot of stuff to do.
So I'm gonna send it...
What?
Brick, what?
Yeah, you shouldn't.
You shouldn't do any of those things.
That goes without saying.
Alright, I gotta go.
I'm gonna send it to a different thing.
This stuff is done. We're done with this stuff.
And now it's the different stuff.
Sorry, that's just life.
Bye.
Like a whiskey tray, cider tray.
Ooh!
It's hot in the studio, whatever Brandon's on.
This brings that hot gaming to the studio.
It's so hot in here.
It's so hot in here.
Okay.
It's time
to raid someone or something.
Brick is still alive?
And I will always love you.
I will always love you.
No, Brick's invaded my reality.
You are my darling.
You.
I'm hearing Phantom...
I'm hearing Phantom Brendon's.
Um, okay.
Oh, I also have to talk to the intern.
On the way out.
What do they want to talk about?
Oh, God. So many requests to go.
It's a million years ago.
Why they should be on the bin coin.
Don't you love me?
Can't you find someone and make me a granny?
Brendon's mom, you're in the wrong spot.
You're in the wrong place, Brendon's mom.
Uh, okay.
I can't do that.
Why not?
Why not?
Because you have a bad attitude? Is that why?
There's too many things on screen.
Ugh.
What am I? Why am I here?
Um, what the...
What's the... camera's so close to me now.
Oh!
Ah!
I don't even know I could do that.
What is happening?
Um, Chad's wondering why you should be on the bin coin.
Because I'm cool?
Ugh.
Because like...
Like what?
Well, Trump made it. He's made a coin.
You got a coin minted?
Ugh.
Yeah, I don't need your... I already have plenty of coins.
My face is on a lot of coins.
I can't control who puts my face on coins.
Yeah, I think you can.
You can't control who puts your face on a coin.
You just gotta like...
People just need to like... you just gotta accept things.
Like, not everything's gonna work out.
Are you okay? Are you having a bad day?
That's so inappropriate for you to ask about my personal life.
I'm an intern.
Okay, well, we're just gonna raid somebody.
So you don't wanna be on the coin?
Yeah, I'll be on the coin.
And I obviously am the right one to be on it.
And like, it makes sense, obviously.
So you do wanna be... and I don't care.
Okay, we'll raid Dr. Diggity-Dank.
It's a Diggity-Dank raid.
Um...
And guys, that's another week of three streams.
We actually did it.
Not on any particular schedule or with any rhyme or reason,
but we did do three streams.
Do you want a coin?
Is that a joke? No. What?
Streaming Monday? Yeah, I should be back on Monday.
Hopefully I won't get...
Slopped with work...
Workslop? I'm getting workslopped lately.
Um...
We're sending you Dr. Diggity-Dank's way.
Have a great weekend. We'll see you hopefully on Monday.
If...
I don't know what day it is. But we're gonna shoot for Monday.
Um...
Kendall anything?
Kendall's eating chips in the corner.
But in the far corner.
Or you can't see her.
You're not allowed to see her.
I ate Jan's coin.
We didn't have one yet.
Then what did I just eat?
Ten thousand pennies?
Yeah, we had a...
We were gonna do a segment with ten thousand pennies, the ten thousand penny giveaway.
That was for a giveaway?
Yeah, the ten thousand penny giveaway.
It was supposed to be a secret.
I'll hate them all.
That's...
dollars of pennies.
Is that a...
It's more than it should fit inside you.
I'll have to prove the haters wrong. Good night everybody.