Okay, I think it should be working now with any luck, but let's see
We're buh-buh-buh back
We're falling in falling in line at last
Boom all right
Whoa
It's frickin go
Go back to the wastes, please
Excuse me back to the wastes, please
Hope everybody's doing well still. I'm at my second job now. I get the coat comes off. It's a little more casual down here
In the hidden interdimensional vault
Oh
Yeah, now we're working that other job
Fairly a job. This is the real job
There was also an update there was like a next-gen update of this game
I did load it out of curiosity and I can't say that to me it seems like they did too much
Do it
but
Also, I don't who knows I
Have not played at all
Holy heck. Thanks live and sleazy. I should have plug this during the previous section of the stream
But heart audio cables has been generous enough to sponsor us
Um heart audio cables comm do go check out their cables. They are legitimately good. I do use them myself. They're great
And
Honestly, I've had a million fucking audio cables go bad on me
I've bought more XLR cables than I ever thought I would have to and since getting theirs
I haven't had to buy a single new one
I've had already I've had tons of audio cables filming on shoots, which is very annoying and
And so far zero issues with heart
Not to always blame the cables I'm also very irresponsible
But hard audio cables can handle even that
All right, let's see how Chet's doing
Chet you all right. I mean he's scary out here. It's a spooky wasteland
But yeah, I'm keeping it together. Oh, well, let's get into it. Heart makes all cables. They sure do
Yeah, we're rocking classical music
He actually adjusts one thing
You guys the whole stomach shot here now that's nice and relaxing
Jack Paul is dead. Oh, Jake Paul is dead
Like Jack Paul
I don't know who that is
I'll be real death has sort of lost some of its meaning for me
Because I've I've killed a pretty surprising amount of people out here if I'm being honest
They I'm wearing my nicest little dress shirt though, and I'm gonna I'm gonna walk around with my fists
Actually, just keep JK. I got this and I got this now. I
Also use the power of cheating
To give myself enough points
To rebuild this which has simplified the world for me quite a bit
Nice the power being interdimensional, baby. Hey, see really hooked me up
Like hard audio cables.com it's not an appropriate place for a plug, although I wouldn't know I am in a different dimension
Let's see what's going on. What do I got to do today? We live, baby
All hell was e listen to the mysterious signal best of three
because of the past
Find and kill the pyro a vault tech calling a new threat
There's so much shit for me to do. Let's just go somewhere and start doing it
What are you? What do you want me to do hangman's alley? Well, what the hell am I supposed to do there? Okay?
Start the search for the glowing sea
For the castle what I got to do at the castle the update added new quests. Oh, that's why it's telling me to do Halloween stuff
That's crazy because when I went into that vault
me myself
It was Halloween and thus to me it always feels like Halloween
But the only mask I'm wearing a mask of sanity. I'm fucking losing my mind out here. Yo, what's up, lady? Excuse me
Jake Paul wins with the styles clash
Here I am. I'm just giving it to her. I'm Ronnie Shaw commonwealth minimum Ronnie Shaw at least I was
Back before Joe Becker got himself killed. These are some names. I can get behind Ronnie Shaw Joe Becker
Glad to meet you. We can use some more veterans around here. Yeah, well, you're right about that
Dude events bought boxing diapers change. It did just take out like a whole ass fortune of liquid capital
I don't know how much money you elected buy a like HBO Boxing. I don't even know what you can't buy boxing
I'd still I'm just gonna talk about the biggest boxing organization
We're trying to get the Minutemen back on their feet thought I'd come see the new general for myself
So what's your story? What makes you think anybody even wants the Minutemen back?
They're the good guy. They're the good guys again
People are stars. I've heard some good things wouldn't be here. All right. Let's get to the point. I can see
We can always use more experienced soldiers. Yeah, you're not kidding
I'm probably the only one who still remembers this but the castle's armory was located in the West past everybody else forgot
Yeah, we get it you're grizzled you got guns though and now I'm interested could have said that sooner
She's like blah blah blah Minutemen. She should just said I got guns and then I'm in
Let me in
Let me in
Dog meat get in there good
Looks like it might still be intact
Door still sealed Bastion hasn't collapsed trick now is finding a way in
Can't really buy boxing like you can buy a wrestling league boxing has multiple different belts state regulatory boards
Well in the ruined waste there is no boxing so anybody can technically start it go through go around
Let's have a look at the Northeast Bastion
Maybe I'll start a boxing league out here
Yeah, you guys kind of do need better music like fiddles are pretty good, but you do kind of need better tunes
And also are you putting are you typing the Morris code as well?
Follow to it a boxing league and there's boxing still shit. I should have gone to Reno
There's no boxing here as far as I can tell
Damn hitting it with a hammer didn't do anything. Oh, I can just straight up scrap that
Scrap this bed first. Look at all that wood you got now. Yo, give me all this concrete
Hey, well, that's silly that I could that I'm sorry. I'm actually that strong
It was that easy for me to get rid of all of that concrete
All at one Ed McGover in it. I'm in the wrong nuclear waste. Holy shit. Oh
What the fuck?
How come she took me to a place that sucks objectively another fucking mind. What do I do with these things?
Um
Yo, dog meat don't stand next to the explosive. I guess I can just honestly didn't hurt that much
I got a little blown up there and it didn't really bother me that much. So maybe it's fine to get blown up. Oh
You piece of shit
Get minigun loser. Oh
Shit tons of bags of cement. That's what I'm talking about. I got so much cement. I got so many cannonballs
What the fuck?
Jesus that was an explosion for sure
Who dog meat did you blow yourself up? That's not smart. Oh fuck
Damn that sucked ass. Oh shit dog meat. You're getting killed boom. I was the stronger machine gun
Ho Buster Brown, thank you for the follow
Yo dog meat walk it off dude walk it off my man. I know you're tougher than this a laser musket
Potato crisps. Oh and a bone saw what a smorgasbord of excellence a fusillon core
That's something I can science with
Cement you thought that was something else. No, don't worry. It's just cement or some psycho and other drugs for me
The ghetto just did get blown up, but we're tough like that. We can kind of just walk that shit off
My home where that old-ass lady go. Yo, what's up, dude? I'm it's me. It's your boy
This seems like a good time to hit f5
What's up my okay? I can sense that you're angry. Ow
Get hitting the head by me, please
Goes the dynamite by him goes the dynamite. Oh, he did just fully explode in my face
Which is exceedingly rude
Dude, you were not much of a fight at all for me
And that is kind of a bummer
You know I did I feel like I just ate some cement. Oh, can I use this computer?
inaccessible
I'm a man of sky and some means
Give me your vacuum tubes nothing the hell where's that old lady?
Does she know how to computer better than me one of these got the code in it or something give me the code
Computer was in it. I don't even I don't think I've seen that before just straight saying inaccessible
That's where the cannon balls were
You did blow up all over me. I'm carrying you know them caring about
850 pound cement bags currently or like I called like I call it a light leg day for reps
She's just talking still what's up? Let's get down there and see if there's still a way through yeah, lady
I fucking was a way through down here
What is her problem?
I'm like 10 steps ahead of you due to my incredible intelligence
These relax this classical music puts out a good vibe
I'm in full support of it. Oh actually wait one sec. Okay. Take it away
fix one thing
There we go
Back at boom lady. What do we do? Oh?
Can't believe I didn't break that so disappointed pretty dark down here. We better watch our step
Okay, that would have been great for you to say before I blew myself and my dog up like three times
But you were busy just standing in a room talking to yourself
Ronnie Shaw boom. I broke it. Truly. This is a beautiful landscape of brown and gray
Sarge is still down here. I would want to be the unlucky one to ever run upon him down here in the dark. That was me. I
Had to eat an explosion straight to the head because you weren't here. I did blow myself
psychore
Well, or he blew me. I can't remember but it sucks. It was in my face and it's hurt. I know this password
It was longer if I land now for the commonwealth. Oh, it's been a long time
Charlie, thanks for hanging out dude. We are falling out as hard as we can
Appreciate it Charlie. Yeah, that was it
You know Chet's very emotionally invested in this
Because he's he's there, I guess I guess he's there
Dude, I'm in it right now. I'm in the world. Oh my god a full-ass corpse
Plasma car. He's got so much stuff though. Is it rude to take all his stuff? I'm gonna say it's not explains all the landmines
This is well was general McGahn. I stripped him or job back when I first joined up
Yeah, must have gotten tracked down here. I took all his clothes off. Did you even register that?
He did manage to keep the armory secure
Give him that much. He's I guess the uniform is yours now. Oh, yeah
So geezer doesn't need it anymore rest in peace general your fight is done and the minute men live on
What the hell are these up candles?
There's no point in getting all sent
Elemental about something that happened 40 years ago. Come on. He's been dead for 40 years dude. This guy
This corpse works out
It looks surprisingly good for a 40 year old corpse your fight is done in your dong is out to be fair
That's how I'd like to go out too. So I think I showed him respect. Oh, he was a nudist
Well, then I was just paying again. I was paying appropriate respect to the fight that he waged
What'd you find boy?
Found a red
Red-ass button. Oh my god. Oh my god. Look at all this stuff
What the fuck even are some of these things?
What are you even oh shit are these defenses I can move around. Oh, wow a bunch of laser turrets
Okay, but I could use to successfully defend this place
But also that sounds like I have to build stuff. I just never feel like doing
Okay artillery supplies
This is great to admit Ronnie having artillery would help out quite a bit
Oh, we rain down fire on death claws and super mutants alike. It was a glorious thing. All right
Let's get going. Don't forget to grab some smoke grenades, too
Oh fusion sales, all right a laser musket crank capacitor. I already know how to crank pretty hard
Pretty good one for me. Well, let's see. Oh box full of flares and grenades. Okay
Stuff more stuff duke tape ranches
Baseball grenades. What the fuck?
Prag something whatever. It's explosive mines. I like that. I like those because they explode water
Oh dirty water and purified water in case I'm in the mood for dirty ass water
Dude, this place was very fruitful. Let's
Move these I guess
You come with me
You must defend the people and freedom and which is what I'm all about
Defend our radio station. We need shitty fiddle music for the people. They were stealth boys
That doesn't sound like oh, yeah
I guess I'll take them because
What if I want to be invisible shit?
I kind of like just sort of sprint at people and hit them with hammers and axes but or swords
But you never know. Maybe I should be invisible and do that. Boom. You go there and then I build you tons of power
Can I even do that?
Can I build enough power for these boys?
Produces five. Yeah
Okay
You're powered up
Power to the people lasers for everyone
And then this side will defend itself
All right. What else do I need to do lady?
You've got more jobs for me or some shit
Looks like you've got everything we need as soon as you get some artillery built. We'll do a test fire to calibrate it
Okay
Let us store our junk take all my fucking junk. It's it's in the name, dude
Hailed it
I do have 10 strength and I have found so far that the game has been
Sorry that life that my life out here has been a little easier than I expected
Yeah, I mean full disclosure. I kind of gave him a joke build my thought
Um, but it's been been way easier than the
I've I played part of this game with like a
Gun build on ps5 and I was like, this is fun. I'll stream this
Um, and it's honestly been way easier with this build that I thought would be like kind of a frustrating bit to play
Turns out chet's just that strong
And that's and the lesson is to never doubt
Um
Hey, what do I build here? Oh artillery. Yeah, whatever
It goes here
Get in there
You is built because it needs power. Oh, it needs a person for it. It needs people power
Oh, you there
um
minute man
I've got I've got the job of a century for you. You're unassigned. You're without purpose in life
But I'm about to fix all of that for you. Go for it
Well, the only difference there, uh charlie
If I may is that I'm actually a super. I'm a super genius
Um
And I can prove it
I have
I have um
I've tan intelligent. Why the fuck do I have nine charisma? Oh god damn it. I must have put something in wrong
I upped my charisma so that I could
Build a fucking workshop that I deleted but I must have I must have accidentally added too much
Hey, I guess it doesn't matter. I'm the most charismatic man on the planet now
Excuse me. It's up. Oh gosh darn. It's good to see artillery here again. That's the only cheating. I'll be doing
That's true. It's the only cheating check we'll be doing
They're also unassigned
You've been talking this whole time
Did you notice I just told
Don't speak for me case. You notice I just totally walked away
Keep your radio on radio freedom. All right, I can do that freedom radio, please
All right general
Yeah, it only makes sense that when I'm this smart and strong I would also be
Bristling with tons of charisma
Um, okay, you need me to throw a grenade or some shit. That's fine
Uh
Did I get the right thing? Is it a flare gun? Okay. Oh, that was the wrong thing
Wait a minute that might summon a bunch of minutemen to this location that I'm about to explode
Hmm
Well, maybe we'll maybe the timing will just work out
What do I have to throw
Baseball grenade bottle cap frag grenade frag mine. I don't think I have the thing I'm supposed to throw
Uh
Throw a smoke flare into the targeted area
Did I not I guess maybe there are smoke flares I didn't pick up a smoke bomb. Yeah, I don't think I have those because there's no
smoke bombs here. This is radio freedom. We're all day all across the commonwealth
What is happening artillery smoke had artillery in front of it safe out there. I see what happened
Okay, look stay away minutemen
I can't I can't be responsible for you getting exploded
All this hang out here for a sec seems fine
Dude, I got so many high powered weapons
Oopsie
Yeah
Look at that thing
Dog meat. Let's get a good view of this
Don't mind me. I'm just general chet observing his house
I'm gonna move into there soon
And it'll be protected by artillery
I think that's what she said. Basically. I wasn't paying attention
All I know is I can't wait to live in this place
All right, and that's the fireworks. They're setting off to celebrate my home
What the fuck
That old lady goddamn trick. What the okay?
I maybe I didn't pay attention to what she was saying and maybe that's on me
Had a beautiful view of the river
And all the industrial trash and stuff
Here it is blowing it up
Jesus and my car
My whole car. They're lucky. I love to run
Dog meat. Do you even care, dude? Jesus Christ. This is overkill
It is pretty badass. So they are blowing the shit out of
I do support blowing things up
But maybe not my house
Oh my god
Okay, I have to talk to fucking Preston Garvey
Why must I talk to Preston Garvey at all times?
This is the amount I talked to this man is wild
Kidnapping at Nordhagen Beach. All right, where's that? It's right there
And that's easy for me because I I'm a man of speed currently. I'm sprinting. I'm sprinting case
Yeah, on my end I can see that that chet is is sprinting at absolutely crazy speeds
That house had a family
Yeah, and I kicked them out and made it my house and then they blew it up. So who's the real villain here?
Exactly
Yo, get me to the beach. I'm I want to go to the beach y'all
A dude
What I'm here
It's me. It's chet. I'm not a man of stealth. I'm a man of charisma
You want to be friends with me? Is that what's happening?
Hell no says who oh
geez
I was just trying to knock her out
I forgot my own strength again
I should have I've just murdered somebody. Oh, I did it again
I really just wanted it. I was trying to intimidate them with like a tap
Lock tight. Oh, that's like so tight. I could break it if I wanted but I don't want to like
I don't want to expend my strength before I go to the beach
Maybe I'm like too strong for this world
This is how a superman felt like he was in a world made of cardboard
Only dog meat is strong enough to hang out with me
Aka big eat though the biggest dog there he is
What the hell? Oh, shit. Can I defeat a crab?
Ow, he's getting the best of me. Oh, shit. I'm losing this crab
Fire crabs so goddamn strong
Dude, I'm barely even hurting this but
It turns out that a shell is the ultimate defense against hammer
Which I wouldn't expect
Ow, dude, what sucks that you're so strong
Okay, I got him though
Finally a worthy opponent
The crab
Ooh a whole ass ships over there. What a race
But
This who I have discovered sanctuary hills
My boy dog ass
We are defenders. This is the fucking beach
Dude, I got excited and this beach clearly sucks
But it said to help defend sanctuary hills
Oh, I should go do that
Well, let me talk to this person
They'll probably be fine for like a couple minutes, right? It's all like a couple minutes
Radio freedom voice. I'm the minute man. Yo, what's up? I ran here
You've got to help. They kidnapped my husband
Ooh
It's okay. You just need to tell me what happened. They said they'd be
Don't worry
I'll get him back. We asked the minute man for help, but I didn't really think anyone would come
Just bring him back safe. Okay
Either ransom. I don't think chef's gonna do that. All right
Uh defend sanctuary hills
Maybe I already failed it
A new threat
Well, wait sanctuary hills is our main place, right?
There's not like sanctuary and sanctuary hills, right? We'll just go see
Oh, she is single
Yeah, maybe chet stands the chance. Oh my god. She was putting out all the signals. I missed it entirely
She's like my husband's been kidnapped. Can you say it's five hundred dollars?
I should have known she want what she wanted me to say was I'm your new husband
It'll be under the miscellaneous quest. Thank you
Miscellaneous
Where's sanctuary hills? Oh
it's
here
the backstreet apparel
Yeah, I'm there. Okay. Good
I call it sanctuary because I'm sort of like we're on a first name basis
Oh shit. People are fighting Preston
You quick. Give me xp
Oh my god
What got out of my way dog me
I need to hit things with a hammer. Are you a good guy or bad guy? Oh, you're a good guy cause worth. That's confusing as shit
What the fuck? Oh my god. I'd become invincible
You there. Whoa nice shot. I guess
All right, who else?
You there you fucking robot
It sucks what you're doing and thus you must pay
You must pay with your robot life
Damn, he took two shots. He was truly strong
Damn Cosworth. You're kind of a piece mode right now. That's crazy. Excuse me synthetic pain in the ass. Ow
There's still more oh, I got you mad Cosworth don't be a hero wait for me to hit you with a hammer
All right, well
I do hope you were able to find some assistance in conquered
Uh
I did could say that I made a few new friends
Oh, these two are catching up like old pales that I know mr. Gutsy, but if needed uh-huh no no not now
Damn shut them down hard
You got to be firm with your robots
Look the only robot I could I walk around with is a dog
Which isn't even a robot in a sense
In a sense. It's a dog
You know
No, if I quite track how you're putting that but okay
Exactly
Okay, I killed everything
Took all the stuff
I got new mods
And the Preston wants to give me more stuff probably. Yo, I got a hammer dude. I'm not threatening you but careful
What you say on a roll
I helped that settlement you sent me to and cleared the way for a new settlement in the process
Is he okay? He's looking weird there
That's fantastic news. Why we're gonna take back the whole Commonwealth from the bad guy. Yeah, that's right
Look at the wall. I hear if any settlements that need our help. He's showing his difference. Make sure to offer help to anyone
Oh my god, I can't stop getting
What's up? You gotta trade some things
Oh, I don't want any of your shit your shit
You're keeping your mouth shut about this place. I will straight up swipe your head off with this thing
Travel to graveyard
Says who store all my junk
But also take whatever else I have that's ridiculously heavy that I do not need at all
Like this fat man. Oh shit. Maybe I should use that though because shooting a nuke is kind of sick
All right, whatever just take all this stuff. I'm too rich
There's nothing to do about oh heavy dog armor
You're gonna have that shit
You cannot have my bladed baseball bat
Because I might need that because it's cool as hell
I don't need armors
I don't need these things probably
I'm a shetty a flare gun. That's kind of sick
General's hat is sick, but I don't need it at all
A dog helmet. All right. I gotta get my dog upgraded. Yo dog
You're fixing for an upgrade man
I got some stuff for you. It turns out
You give me your mini guns and weapons. I'll trade you
Or
dog apparel
What you're gonna need is a dog helmet
And the double dog collar. It's twice the collar and you're gonna need this heavy dog armor
Okay, and
Holy crap. I gave dog meat way too much stuff
Okay, you're gonna need to immediately equip this dog helmet because that's oh my god. That's hilarious
And you're gonna also want this
Didn't I have heavy dog armor? Yeah, you're gonna want this hit. Oh my god. He's become a robot
Give me all this other shit. You don't need it anymore
Oh my god, you look almost as good as me. Look at us
Just two just two best friends out on the fucking
Out on the prowl the drip is strong with both of us. That's pretty nasty. I feel better about his look now
I'll be real before his look wasn't that strong and I did I talked to him about it
I was like your looks kind of dragging me down bigito, but now he's on my level and that's a relief
I got both wedding rings just in case I need a backup. All right, dude. We're fucking chill. We're good to go
You're not even worth it
Whoa, he's so fast. Oh my god. He's the fastest fastest fuck boy
Okay, what else?
Do something here rescue settler from brack street apparel. All right
I can do that. No problem. I might have to marry several people
I might have to give some rings away
Kiss the rings
Fiddle music on point. Oh, I'm still listening to fucking old asshole radio
Wrinkly butthole radio. I gotta change my shit up. I kind of I'm kind of into this fiddle music
Ah, man
No
Not allowed. Whoa, let's spin that around myself. All right
Classical radio. I'm a classic check humans. Not many super mutants. What the frick
Shnuck up on me dude. The freaked me out, dude
Oh, this is that tower where I killed all of your people. You were you were cool with it
I don't know what that says about you, dude. I killed like most of your people
What's up with you?
Oh, wait
Phew, thank god. They're coming around for me. Oh my god. They're coming around for me. The hell is this place?
I'm hearing slightly spooky noises emanating from there
I don't love how many spooky noises I'm hearing
Oh, I'm already I'm already maxed out in intelligence. So I have no use for libraries
You know what this city looks fine actually
Oh shit
What the frick all right this weapon slightly too slow
I hate to do this to y'all but
I'm gonna have to
Favorite this bladed baseball bat and show you how it is
Yes
Oh my god, I'll put his ass up
Industrial solvent don't mind if I do
There's some slightly ghostly noises, but I'm not
Scared at all. I've got classical music to keep me nice and calm. All right. What am I even looking for?
Oh, you win this round
But I win round two. Oh my god. I got him
I freaking got him
Hey, don't do that to my dog
Oh
What?
Oh, holy shit. I blew her up
What are you? What are you doing man? Oh
Ow right in the face. Ah shit. I leveled up. Is that easy?
Uh, yeah, we freaking did it dog
Oh the chat socks. Maybe it's up for grabs. I can call him whatever I want at this point
Is like everybody's cared about is probably dead or something
All right, what oh, yeah, I'm stronger now getting strong now
Big chatter
Okay, here. Yeah, here's the thing I leveled up illegally for to get so that I could rebuild my broken weapon station
Looks like the only thing available is
To become even more invincible
And thus we will do that
I will continue to be unkillable
In the backstreet apparel. I wanted to hear the story
They you said it was incredible. That's so disappointing. You're gonna get bad for that
Get freaking out dude get bad it on. I'm sorry, dude, but my
Sorry, dude, but you will shake it off
What's that heavy dog armor even do if you can't take a couple bullets straight to the face?
Yeah, I'm a creature of the back streets
Apparel
What else we got in here broken-ass computer
Clothes hanger
Not even clothes
What why wouldn't I be what would have stopped me from being alive?
Just several men with guns
Not today
Oh, look at this. This is pretty cute a little berry in the paper
I'm not even I can't even take ooh soap in the trash
Hell yes, who's that? I don't put that negative self-image in my head miss
Damn, I also meant to just warn her. Ow. Don't unfair
unfair
That was so sneaky
Who else who else wants to be a dick? Oh, you do apparently wait a minute her eyes glowing
Uh-oh
There's an explosion. Oh shit. Did I just throw in artillery grenade? What's that gonna do?
um
Let's just save real quick
Vegeta, I might have just signed our death warrant via giant explosion
Also, maybe not I should change my grenade. That might happen again
I think they can't see this. I think okay. I thought it through
We're inside so they can't see the smoke
And that's what maximum intelligence those are kind of insights that that that it will grant you
Hmm. Where's my bat? There it is
Uh, what what are we even doing? I don't even know I'm doing here. Huh? I can do this all day. What are you doing even?
What am I even doing man? I don't even know
Can you tell me what I'm supposed to do here? I did not really check what the quest was
I'm being extremely honest and vulnerable right now
Oh, it's over here
Okay, that adds up. Yo, what's up? God damn it
Nice sweet. Oh my god miss. Where are these people?
Where are you at? That's what I thought
Nowhere is where you at
Dude, are there any comics in here because those do make me smarter and stronger
That's just a fact reading comics makes you smarter and stronger. All right, I guess I'll just take this guy's fucking like
Look your wife's into me now, but
um
It does feel slightly fucked up if I just straight up kill you. So come on. You've got to help me
All right, I'm here to rescue you. Oh my god. I didn't mean it. Thank you
Let's go
How good at you are are are you at not getting killed?
Because there is people with guns still saying weird stuff to me. Oh, see it's not coming with me
Or are you coming?
I am here
Where are you?
Let's see if we can get this guy killed in the line of duty. We'll say. Oh, maybe they're in here
You in here
Would make sense
What's up? Oh my god, I took his head off. Did you see what I just did?
Just know
That I take it and give it away and I'm giving you your wife back
But she's into me now. So just live with that knowledge. What's up here? Oh a typewriter. I'm not just any carlile typewriter
Some bones. That's probably pretty good, but maybe not
Oh gun stuff. That's nice. A desk fan. Okay
All right, dude. Oh a cooler full of I gotta unlock it. And you know what? I don't even give a shit. Uh, let's go
Let's fucking go. I can't believe that I'm being so kind and uncucking this man
Chat, I don't think that lady was into you
You're the one who put it in my head that she was yeah, then I thought about it more and I think maybe she's not
Pick a lane, man
You got are you got my back or you dumped? This is beautiful music
symphony of sounds
literally
All right, I guess let's
How good are you are? How good are you are teleporting? Because it's one of my favorite activities
You better keep up because I run
But can I not teleport right now?
Is this guy gonna hold me back?
I will teleport away
Did I pronounce carlisle's correct?
Did I get carlisle right?
I mean you did get it right and now you're
How I'm what?
Getting it even more right
What's up pirate?
I guess you're from one of the vaults, huh? Yes. Well, hello, huh?
When I grow I'm gonna have my own farm and make other people do all the work
Oh my god, I just been a little slaver should I kill him?
If a kid tells you that he wants to like start a plantation
Is it ground is it grounds for execution?
Maybe it's a face. Maybe he'll grow out of it
I don't love what he just said
What's up with you? I saved your husband. I know you're sad
I don't know how to thank you for the rescue you pulled off. I mean
Thanks
I guess I'll say you're welcome. You're welcome. You should know we've decided to join the minutemen
You can count on our help if you need it. I'm the general. Does that do anything for you?
I just want to trade a few things. Okay
Oh, all I can take is a gourd
I guess she's I guess damn. I thought I was I blew it. I blew it if I killed the husband
I would have been in there
Oh, I thought I thought maybe she'd turn her like sour her on me if I murdered her husband
But now I'm talking to her I can tell that that's what you wanted and I did I fumbled the bag there boys and
That's how romance goes sometimes. You don't kill the lady's husband. She accepts him back
That's why I'm not qualified. I guess to give relationship advice and that's why I usually don't
But in this case, I would say I should have killed him. Dang. I blew it
Chin up, buddy
All right, what else can we do?
What's the map say go to sausage iron works? No
Go to hangman's alley and do what?
Why won't it tell me?
Do the main quest the main quest is for cowards. So obviously not
Browse the waltz electronic store
report to the night
report to knight reyes
What even is it? Let's find out what's at hangman's
I'm curious my riz was too low. Yeah
My axe riz wasn't on point today
It takes a real man to admit when the riz is off
Usually my axe riz is the sharpest. I've been using a sledgehammer lately. That could be the problem
I can't even say cool shit like ask me about that
You can't say like sledgehammer me about that. It doesn't sound as good
All right, what's over here? Who a space car?
That kid did it to your earlier point destructive one that kid looked old
It looked old and he basically said I want to have farm slaves. So
Maybe the whole family's off. Maybe I actually dodged the bullet if that's her son then like
Yo, obviously like
respect the single mimes
but
Oh, shit. What happened here?
Oh my god. She slipped and caught her head on a hook
Oh, that's a bummer dog meat found an enemy. Where the hell is this place? I'm at it
I'm basically at it dog meat. I'm not your enemy
I'm your owner, dude. Why do you hate me right now? Dude, he's not chill today
You're what? What are you here, sir?
Help me pick this lock and tell me what you hear
Let's hammer up the details. There we go. I'm excited. Oh, but I'm using a bat
I better switch to a hammer. Hey, uh, this is a thought. This is a cool thing that I say. Hey, let's hammer up the details
Oh, I hammered out the details of him not having working legs. They do
ow
That was rude. So I then responded in kind with some rudeness of my own. Yo
Oh
miss
I missed you and you still died. That's how strong I am
I hit you so smoothly your head doesn't even realize it's been smashed yet
I did just oh my god. I literally smashed that man's leg off with a hammer
That is not the way I would want to go
You there. Oh, that's a home run
Damn, that's maybe fucked up to say because I am killing people but I also am like
Like god damn. I want a high of strength
All right. Well
Mission accomplished. What was I even doing here?
Oh
Great. Was that the mission? What am I supposed to do?
Old bee and you are building. What am I supposed to do here?
Uh
I think it said to build a recruitment beacon. Oh to this fucking shitty place
In the middle of like always this is like the least safe location I've ever seen. Oh, well, whatever
I do do do do
Yo, you guys need to get recruited. It turns out
So let's do that big, you know
Get recruited on man
their power around here
They're gonna make me build everything
I guess so
Oh my god. I'm so I'm so bad at menu power
Generator
Talk to me. I don't need to assign you. Okay good. Do I not have enough stuff? Oh, I did
Recruitment beacon get powered up, please
And we've done it
Talk to fucking Preston
Oh my god. I wish I could talk to I wish I could hammer out the details with Preston
If you know what I mean about my new catchphrase that I took from bonsai bullfrog
Claimed the area. I think I did that. I think that has been accomplished
All right Preston
Give me one of those good old atta boys
I'd be lying if I didn't admit that they make me surge with an inhuman strength every time you tell me I did a good job
I guess maybe I have daddy issues because my dad died 200 years ago or something
in a nuke
And I've still not forgiven him for it and now Preston is my new like
Like daddy student or something
Anyway, I got to talk to him as the point Preston
Tell me what the fuck?
Trash can Carlo with the glow up
Goddamn
Yo, I did another thing. You know those things you asked me to send me to and set up a radio beacon there
That's great news
Once folks have some place to call their own
Preston Garvey, he should I should start demanding that he say that's his name because I'm his general hope to anyone that needs it
I can only hope our
When did you when did I not do that? Why does he tell me that every time?
130 points. Are you gonna tell me I got to do another one of those? What's up? What's up with you?
What's your problem?
Talk to me. I rescued that kidnapped settler. We've got another settlement on our side now good
Another win for the minute me if you've got time
I've fought the gunners before and something tells me this was just them probing their defenses
Okay, they're gonna need your help. Okay
Oh, excuse me a settlement has sent word
They somehow managed to drive off a super mutant ray, but they're worried the super mutants will come back in force
Defend the slog
Defend the oh my god so many defendings
All right. I'm a man of defense
The slog
What am I supposed to do for these slog people?
She stole my power. That's my shit
Ah
Fuck she got it though. Oh, well
I guess I don't ever use it, but I'm still pissed about it
And once I establish law I might have to execute her for crimes against armors
Armor law we must establish armor law in these wastelands
Oh, I'm going the wrong way
It was literally right there. Uh, excuse me
Someone told me that you need to learn how to hit people with hammers or something
What's your deal?
But a girl's gotta make a living right
Damn, she's kind of fine in a weird way. What's up with you?
I mean, she's pretty irradiated, but also
Please just the only time you're in bog and you're not with the gunners
Are you here to help us out?
Uh, yes, I'm here to help. What's the problem?
It's the gunners
We caught a group of them sneaking around they ran off too easy once they saw we were going
If you can help us shore up our defenses
It sure would help us out a ton. Yeah. Yeah, I'll do that. Um use you fine
Super old lady
Um, how do I send you become a supply line person?
to
Sanctuary. Oh, can I not? Oh sanctuary hills. Yeah
Let's establish a supply line
All right, that's done get out of here get out your supply person now
And I'm a defense man
Who builds
powerful defenses
Like that
And also though
We must defend these crops
Thank you. I mean, I agree that she's hot
like
I know people judge sometimes they judge me because I'm like
Damn, is that wrinkly great person hot as fuck? But I'm glad that we're all on the same page here
I'm just here to impress women with my hammer skills
Okay, well mission accomplished
Did we do it big? You know damn he looks cool as shit
Oh shit guns
What the hell what just happened?
I'm on the wrong side of the whole building
Oh my god, this is there's vile everybody. Oh no, my girlfriend's on fire
Where are these guys at?
Hi there
All right, that's one time. All right, that's
ow
Ow, that's two down. There we go. All right, that's three down
Whoa, look at this wrinkly cow
Okay, I guess I did it
It's the mash
Sometimes you gotta know where the guys at, you know
They're fucking popping off and you're like damn. I want to go get those guys
We're making some fun noises. What?
One you really know how to bring the fight. We won't forget what you've done for us
Shit, I did it. Damn. She does have a sultry voice
like a
old
Radio that's really broken
I'm kind of on the rebound. So maybe my
Brombers a little off
Whoa looking insane asylum
Nice. All right
What else I had to defend something else
Defend the starlight drive in okay
When are they gonna start defending themselves?
Teach a fish to hunt
And it'll walk on land
Where's the starlight driving there? Um force a fish to hunt
and
And now you're fishing with gas. That's what my daddy used to say before. He got killed in that nuke that I mentioned earlier
Restreams in two days
Yeah, I guess so kind of
Yo, what'd you guys need?
Excuse me. Hi. How are you? I'm new around here
Okay. Well, that's not super useful
You there
Are you the person I need? Hey there. I hope you're here to help
Uh, yep, that's right. What's the trouble here super mutants came through a few days ago
Only and let me guess they're coming back miracle that nobody got. Yeah. We daily held them off. Do you want me to build stuff?
Okay, I figured it out. I got to the bottom of it
What a unique request from that lovely lady. Yo, go to my hometown and bring me back screws
Yeah, do that
okay
and now
We do the classic
Building defense
Now you are safe and let's defend all these cool ass cars
And and that's a hundred percent
All these people don't have any beds
I guess I could build them beds while I'm at it. I think they need a house first
They're decidedly lacking in house
I'm building the house. Can you guys attack later?
There's a door on this thing. Oh my god. Look at that guy
Let's bat it up
That's her up
get him
Good boy bigida
Who else?
Oh
Another easy home run, okay
I'm the savior of the people. Oh, I'm not quite the savior of the people
Who else needs to say are they shooting at this fucking?
hole
What does everybody show there's another guy?
Leave carlo alone. She's new here. Yeah
I actually kind of built this whole colony. Yes case. You're impressed dream. She's not impressed. That's crazy
That's crazy because I literally did
Yo, how do you do so well with a lady settler?
I'm just is it the suit? It is a nice suit. Oh, shit. I built it fully backwards
Oh, well, they come out they come in the back door
Whoa, this place is huge
This can fit so many beds
They're all gonna want to sleep in the same room. So
I'll go ahead and set them up with that. I don't want to scrap. Oh my god the controls in this
Just a little bit crazy
furniture
beds
Only the finest bed is also weirdly the cheapest bed
boom
Boom it's a bunk bed situation sort of and that's also a bed
and this here too is a
Is a bed and
Build this okay
And also what a great spot for a
Bed that is. All right
I got beds for days
Okay, I'll test it anybody who wants to join me. I'm very lonely
for some reason
I
Get notes. I'm not hitting home runs with the lady. So anybody wants to join me. I will be sleeping for two hours
Really? Nobody fucked me. That's crazy
Hmm. All right
What else can I do to improve my local?
Whole radiated city
Something at the sausage works search for the keeper's tools
I'm not searching for his pills. Um all hellos eve
Defense I did that
Defend I did that
This is a vault tech stress signal. Okay kill the pyro
Investigate the general atomics factory. All right, whatever story of the century
Support the brotherhood pull the plug. Oh my god the fucking pipes
Maybe we can finally do the pipe one
Find information about shawn. I'm doing that sort of
Let's just turn them all on whatever
Request it up
A request is it that's not even a pun is it's just the same word
Hmm. Okay kill the pyro. All right. I can do that
I'm trying to build a milf man
Of all types of milfs the ones that are radiated the ones that is in weird metal armors
Every type of milf I can think of
What'd you find dog me? Oh my god
A whole elevator
Let's do that later. We got to find and kill the pyro
Hope the update solves some of the phasing through walls glitches that would be ideal
It was difficult to do it. I mean the walls were
appearing in front of the quest
Let's save. Okay
Who's there? It's the pyro
Well, they call me the cheetah
Because I'm about to cheat your head off your body. Oh shit. My ap is too low
Ah, he's setting me very on fire
Jesus christ. This is ridiculous
Uh-oh
I might die
But I prefer to not die
And that's the struggle of of being alive
Gotta juice up
Pigito. Let's kill this guy
Oh, I already completed the quest
Oh, because that was him. That was the pyro. Yeah, that makes sense
Jesus
Why is no one a challenge to me?
I'm too goddamn powerful. He's ridiculous
Do I even want this fucking armor? Do I care about this armor at all?
I guess can I just get in it currently?
Oh, I've thought since that coming
Pigito, I've got a mission for you. Oh, it's new to the update. Nice
Pigito, stop this please
I'm using my reasonable voice as well just to be safe
Take this whole ass armor I got
Damn, Pigito has a strong back
I'm not only is he wearing heavy metal armor. He's carrying a full ass suit of armor with me
Okay, well that is done
Yeah, my dog. I train my dog works out with me. So super strong
Okay, that one we don't care about
Investigate the merchant workshop
Talk to the people that I didn't I have to talk oopsie. What did I just do?
I thought I hit no
Look at this gun
If I even needed guns, I might use that type
Excuse me people of the starlight to drive in
I need you to tell me that I'm cool
I really need this right now. Oopsie almost a killer instinct came out. Did you feel it? I can't believe it
We won
We couldn't have done it without your help
The minute men came through for us. We're standing in radiation mist
See me now. I mean, I'm into it, but I don't know if you are
Wow, what a surprise talk to Preston fucking Garvey
Oh my god Preston sama
Preston senpai tell me that I'm a good boy. I do need it. What the hell's going on here. Look how glowy these boys is
Damn it. I can see it's all good yours is buzzing for a reason radiation
Are you talking in your sleep? Well, that's a few gunners that won't be attacking our settlements anytime soon
I just said that to him
Wow, I I didn't even wake him up. I just walked in and I just started talking the bad guys
Don't stand a chance. What are you doing? Look me in the eye, man
All right, tell me more wiped out that super mutant raiding party. They won't be attacking any more settlements
Good to hear one step at a time. We'll make the Commonwealth safe for people who just want to live in peace. Uh-huh
You hear me say uh-huh like that. That was a bit of a fuck you to him. Are you gonna tell me to do more shit?
Preston, I'm talking to you
Get up
Dude, what is with you not that late or something you need
Oh, good. You don't need anything. No, nothing. Okay
You don't need me to do thing
All right, that's weird
Yo big Eato give me your shit
Maybe this lady will put on this armor too. I want to see how much armor I can put in trashcan Holly's face or whatever
But no, I don't want all that shit. Take on my junk
Okay and take all of this armor and why do I have so much stuff on me take that I guess
Take my minigun
and
I said I don't need that or that or any of this
I also definitely don't need that
Uh, I'm still carrying 250 pounds of stuff
Damn, what am I carrying that is so heavy all of my stuff, please
Sort to my height
I guess just my weapons are very heavy because I've
Such a man. I can't stop using these heavy. I'm not using this
Okay, when there's an attack settlers will loot equipment you keep in the workbench
Or container they can access. Oh nice. So they might put on that
That super flaming armor
Good
We're in the hall of the mountain now. All right, let's do a couple more quests
Or I'll go off to the big cheddar sleep. There's power. I just left power armor everywhere
Investigate the general itemics factory
Okay, I can do that
First I'll go to ITT technical institute. Are there barrels in that water where the radiation is coming from?
If so you can scrap them and not get the rads. Oh, shit
Damn, these are the survival skills I should have
But due to my strength I was cursed with
With overconfidence
What just happened? Oh, I guess you do
Oh my god, this this might not be good
Boom, it actually was sick as hell
Got your ass
Sorry, I got your ass. Ow. They're getting my ass a little bit
Yo, you there
You didn't count on me being able to slow down time like neo from the matrix in a different universe
Oh, this is new content as well. Okay
We've stumbled into new content
Maybe I want a plasma raffle. I don't even know
Jesus Christ
Orders eliminate chet manscaping the nuke. How are they gonna play me like this?
Uh more super powerful armor
All right. Well, let's just give it to our dog again
Bigito, I got some bad news, buddy
I know I just told you you didn't have to carry hundreds of pounds of armor, but I lied hold position
Dude, let me trade with you. Take all of this
I'm so popular. Let's read these orders that these this slander against me
Inventory random shit, please
L. M. N. O. P. Orders eliminate chet manscaping the nuke
God bless America
All right, I'll follow with that
Intelligent reports that a wastelander has come into position one of a hellfire power armor
It is imperative you eliminate them and return the suit to field camp
No loose ends. You just loosened the shit out of this. I got a whole other suit of armor
And I'm eliminating the evidence
No witnesses
No, oh my god. This person's head is so strong. No witnesses
All right, there's a couple witnesses. God damn it. What the frick who?
Who now?
They gave up
I scared them. Oh, yeah, we're going here. Okay
Um, yo
Boom fucking parkour
I would love to kill whoever's talking shit, but I can't even see him
That's armor that armor was so strong. It was protecting her uncovered head. Hey, this looks
Well, we're we're strong swimmers. Oh, yeah, that's some good radiation right there
That'll wake you up in the morning
It's cold and it's very irradiated. I can feel it
This this heartfelt music is giving me an emotional experience
Making me ask the big questions like
Did I even be hitting people with the baseball bat?
And the answer is yes
Whoa, that went better than I thought it would
Damn, I guess that'll teach him to say stuff at me
Oh a fish packing plant. That's exciting
I'm going to general it's a mix though daddy's home
The atom the fought the splitter of the atom
Every time I swing my baseball bat, I I must split a couple atoms with the damage I'm doing
Yo, what's up robots?
Is you friends? Is you foes? Oh shit. They're foes
Where'd you go?
Oh my god, they're strong. Oh shit. They're strong as ill
Leave the dog out of this
Never around they're weak as fuck
You there
Give me everything you've got
Fire one million
Whoa, what are you even doing?
And Rosie the riveter ring me to death. What was that robot's deal? Where do you keep coming from?
Oh, it's up there
You there
For you, I will give you a warrior's death
Slow-mo shot of my butt. All right
Handled won't be able to pick this
That's true me. Oh shit perfect
Damn energy weapons only I use those
See a red dot in the distance. It calls out to me. Come hit me with your bat
Actually, I think these are more hammer people
shit
Fill up here
Where am I going? Oh, maybe it's this way. Hmm. This looks promising. Ow. Holy shit that one is
Oh, no, these ones as strong as shit. I'll save in this convenient spot
There's no way I'll regret that
You there
One-shot it
And you as well. Ow
Damn this hammer kind of rules. Maybe I should just use this. Yes
Oh shit
Oh my god, is Daniel Brian coming?
Who is shooting my dog repeated?
Box really strong
Oh my god, that worked
Oh, this is a friend
maybe I shouldn't have um
Maybe I shouldn't have smashed that robot to bits. Turns out it was a friendly one
Oh
Yo, dude, what's your deal?
Servo mech
Robo Brian
Robo Brian head
What did I do to you man? Were you a friend or a foe? I kind of killed you either way
Oh a mechanist holotape. What do they got to say to me? Where is the mechanist? I'm five five of these fucking things
All right, I guess let's listen to it anyway
That's all I had to say. Oh my god. What'd you do to my dog? I blame you for this. Give me all your stuff
All right. Well, I guess we did it
The music the music was victorious because so was we
Loading loading loading
I'm glad they didn't update the loading time. It gives me
Sweet moments of relief from the endless murders I do. All right
Oh, yeah, I'll leveled up again. What's up now? What can I do now?
Nothing
I could do nothing new
Oh, nice. I can armor better. All right. Sure. Why not?
Now we are masters of armor
Okay, who else needs to be murdered
Who else in the wastelands cries out for
A helpful death from yours truly
Destegate the merchant workshop brows. Okay, two for one that shit and I can talk to
Night ray ray ass
What do I need to do at gray garden trail to gray garden? Okay. Well, maybe we start here and we sweep this way
Doing the quest attack dog percolize your canine companion to grab an enemy's limb in combat
increasing your chance to hit in vats and possibly causing additional damage as well
I do have an animal companion
And the weather sucks
I think there's a bridge
There's the bridge
It is okay. Well, I got a pipe someday. I will fix those pipes
Something tells me there's a community in need of someone to roll into town and kill people for them
That's sort of my expertise
You there robot, you're not the neat one. I need apparently
But you there robot. You are the one I need gray garden darling
This is the commonwealth's first and only hydroponics facility run entirely by robots
That's ingenious pretty ingenious, of course darling. You see the worker drone we superman
We are capable of complex analysis. This is good stuff. I'm just I'm absorbing it so quickly. They're robots that build
That make plants
Obviously the man was brilliant to come up with something and a doctor came up with it
robotics and artificial
Were our creators great passions
Rivaled only by his love
I'm like this. I am this guy basically that I possess a rather singular personality
Yep, that's great. Definitely unique sort of hard to miss
I'll take that as a cut after all the last thing any woman a few other things. It seems bad. It's awful
Isn't it though pressure is down
Radiation is up. This will never do
I don't mean to
Yep. All right
Simply marvelous
Most of our water comes from the old western
Visit
You can get it working again. I'm sure I can
sexy wall
If you're talking sexy terms with a bot. I mean, am I into robots now? Shit a sexy will palette keeps
expanding
Investigate to our well investigate this water plant and then we might call it for the night
I mean that robot had kind of a hot voice
I mean, I can't help it if a robot has a super sexy voice
They might robo bang a skymer. It's possible. Oh shit an enemy. All my friends is dead
push me to the edge
They died in a nuke
Basically at the same time
He except for me
I survived a nuke because I was in a pod but all the other pod people died
And I love that song
How far away is this? Oh my god. It's so far away
Beguino run pick me up and run me there a hotel for weary travelers
Surely unclaimed by others. Oh wait. Do I already own this place?
I already own this place. Oh shit. I should as fast traveled here
Whoops
Oh, fuck. It's over here. Ah, damn it now. I gotta swim
There it is. All right
Honestly, I've been not irradiated enough lately and it's it's made me complacent
It's like training with weighted clothes on if you're if you're just absolutely stuffed to the gills of radiation
Okay, and in we go
I do do do do
Go beguino. How are you doing in this water?
all right
you more water
Ah, fuck it's full of mutants. Let's save real quick
Holy hell they're throwing fucking bombs at me. Oh my god. This is violent folks
Where's the guy who's gonna blow me up? I hear the noise
There he is
Damn that shot had a good run
Then he got blown up
Then he got blown tubits. Oh, well, I got another one ready to go
All right. I'm a man of stealth. I'm a creature of stealths
That's why I picked up these the stealth boys
It's hard to see them underwater, but I can do it. I should I already put them away?
If possible, I already put them away
Stealth boy
Count as a peril does count as a weapon
Oh, I didn't pick them up. That's my bad
Well, that was intentional stealths for cowards
And I have an invisible shotgun, so I don't need that kind of thing. Where is this fucker? There he is
Take my invisible shot
Damn another jet didn't learn the lesson of the first jet even though he had an invisible shotgun
Who could have seen it coming?
All right, I'm a powerful man with a
Most likely visible shotgun, I'm assuming
Ow. All right. Where's this fucker who blows me up?
There he is
Oh my god
And I'm not as invincible
Whoa, I'm super strong. Oh, I'm out of stem packs. Shit
Um, give me water or something. I need I just need to drink a water
Let's buff ourselves out. I've become addicted to buff out cams. Shit
All right, let's just drink some blood then
And let's uh Crammar my was full of fucking sweet or whatever we're doing
Where is this fucking guy?
There we go. Ow. Stop it
Oh, I'm fucked up. I'm a little bit fucked up. Uh-oh
Oh my usual strategies aren't working. Oh, it's because I'm stuck on this
That's it. I've decided to go down fighting. I refuse to heal you
I'm going down like a champion extremely walk slowly walking towards my death
Am I gonna make it? Oh, I didn't make it
Yeah, those chests look so plastered when they die
All right, maybe we need an actual plan here. All right. I'm a man of tactics
A man of tactics and thoughtfulness. Oh, shit. It didn't work the tactics didn't work
There's the guy that keeps kit. Where'd he go? Where the fuck is that guy going?
Damn, are they out thinking me? I'm such a genius
Take that water. Whoa. Why was he so close?
How did I use all my stem packs up? That is crazy to me
Damn, I guess I was using pretty recklessly
Okay, well, I do have tons of purified water. I don't
But I got lots of irradiated meats. So I should be fine
You there
With the fucking missile launcher
And you there can also cut it out
Oh, shit. I hear the sound of that explosion that's killed me so many times
He's right below me. I hate this guy. He's my least favorite guy
Oh
I did it
I did it basically
Okay
Dude, you're powerless now
It's over for all of you. Your main guy died
Yeah, there is a couple of there's some people missile launching me
There's a guy that wanted to suicide by me, which is, you know, pretty fucked up
Hmm. They got my dog which sucks
Out of stem packs, which does piss me off
Oh still
Look at this guy
At this point, dude, who who are we kidding?
Did you see all the stuff I just did?
Ow
I was trading chops like a wrestler
Okay
Stuff great sleeping bag. Don't mind if I do take a little nap
Take the edge off. Okay
Great job, Agito. We did it. I'm sure you found something. There's tons of stuff
What are you even parking? Look look at how look at what you were doing right now. That is ridiculous
All right
Oh, they want me to take the missile launcher. Yeah, don't mind if I do
Oh
Ow
Really give me that
Geez that was a now that was a good trap. I will give them that that one was a good trap
That one gets the heart racing for sure. Let's eat some pork and beans until we feel better
Maybe I guess we get rid of a little radiation. All right, enough lollygaggin
Real gag
He's what about to do inside this
Water factory
Big thing help, please
There's no one home
Oh good
Don't need them. Do a half
A dirty suit. All right
No way I could pick this
Damn it. I don't even believe in myself
Let's do this
What's up wait there. Oh, don't I didn't even mean that follow me. Come on. Oh shit, dude. I'm super duper out of ammo
Not for this
Come on because I like never pick up ammo for actual reasonable guns
Got them fusion sales 38 move here
Go check that out. I don't even mean to talk me just
Cancel all right nice
soothing music to murder too
um
Eew
pork and beans
Oh sick
Sometimes the way to fix the water factory is to get rid of the water
Oh this buckers these little fucks
Get fucking swatted on baby
Yes, got him. What's in here? What's up now? Sure. Give me fucking everything
A microscope. Ah fuck
Yeah, I'm a little radiated. It probably has effect my overall look and some of my skin quality
I'm an expert. I'm not an expert. What? Oh, who's fucking with my dog another crab
How many of you guys bother?
It blasted
Oh salomo crab kills. Oh shit. I'm hitting the wrong button again. All right
We were already in here. Great. We did that. Okay
Onward how many I'll bet there's more freaking crabs in here
the
Skeletons I walked right past
That is some lack security. I just walked right past that
Oh my god, how many of these fucking guns?
Oh, it's so high up
Damn, I'm low on health. Um
I will eat your sweet meats. Jeez. I'm too strong. All right
That was easy god, there's so many crabs now. Uh, oh
Yeah, get some what the hell
Let me hit him
Yeah
Oh
Dude, look at the ghetto. He's inside the crap. That's fucked up. Did you got inside that thing?
All right, I'm filled with crab meats
I've a million paint brushes and watches
I'm ready to start my own like
Blanket stand in new york. Um
You the dirty wilder
Who's fucking them up now?
Hey
Leave him alone, man
I already have too much crab meat. Oh, it is a crebetos. That's their official genus
The species of crebetos. Okay
Good enough. What else we got here?
Big fat load on nothing. Oh button. Nope. Not a good button. Okay. I think we did it
See ya
Sometimes you got to teach your dog a lesson by just leaving it behind
Good boy. Okay
What'd you find boy?
I swear to god if it's nothing like usual
Then that is disappointing and it is
At least you find this fire extinguisher. I don't I mean this thing. I don't need that
Like what did you find an elevator? That's what we were just in
You know, I'm not trying to be mean but like
And now you've disappeared now. You've just straight up disappeared. All right. Let's just fast travel
Sometimes he's got fast travel. Let's tell the robot. We did a good job and maybe she'll tell us we did a good job
And her kind of like sexy robot voice
Sometimes that's all the payment you need
And I gotta probably go tell Preston that I did a good job. I gotta tell so many people that I did a good job
Out of the way robot
I did
Yeah
Uh me yes, man
Such a gentleman too. I simply must give you
Something holy shit. We're in some of our produce. Fuck all our screening to give you a discount too
If there's anything else you need now, I simply must get back to work
Tata
Talk to Preston Garvey
Dude in a sense Preston Garvey just cock blocked me
Because I could have gotten all the experience from her
The hell you speak to Ada talk to our boy Preston
and then I guess
I guess I just am not getting late today
It's just how it is sometimes
And we're even put this old lady to work. It's kind of a fucked up environment. I feel
Oh, well, this Kyle's just being crazy having two heads
All right, yo Preston you can talk to the wall again. Stay sharp. Don't let you guard down
I found out what those robots and gray garden needed and took care of it even better
I've not met Curie yet. Huh at them Curie. I never thought of robots being amended, man
But why not?
Okay, robots can do it dude. And I guess my dog can't stand up to some raiders
It's a good chance to show how much better things
Hey, is there something you need?
No, nothing no problem
I need nothing from you offend Oberlin station. Oh my god endless defense. I swear to god
Okay, well, I'm just gonna take a nap instead, but
Uh, great work today everybody
I'd say the wastelands are like
30 to 2 percent safer
30 to 2 percent at least 30 percent or 2 percent safer
Something like that. Okay, great work chat. Thank you so much. It's an honor to
smash in heads with a sledgehammer
And that's what we did. That is what you did. I killed so many people
Man, I could just kill like 50 people in a day. Fuck
I'm some I got some smooths on my face
I might have been there for hours
It's very possible gross. Okay. Um
You doing all right, buddy? Oh, yeah, I'm great
Yeah, it is all alone in that interdimensional vault. What do you mean?
Great, I got this little figurine. All right. Well, let's find somebody to raid
I know how to do that now. Oh, no, you're not supposed to know how to do that
I know how to do that now. Actually, wait, I can't you do it. Okay, I'll do it
I'll do it
Let's get out of here for the day
All right
Thanks for hanging out everybody. Thank you to all 200 of our imaginary, uh, twitter viewers
And all of our actual twitch viewers
Uh, let's see who's on
They're just so shy
Looks like
Gina's also playing follow for all right
Well, if you want to watch someone probably play the game a bit more reasonably, although who's to say?
Stick around for some genie darling. The raid has been created
It's a little baby raid
All right, uh, that'll do it for me. I will be back tomorrow with cast them either remote or in person
I'm not sure we'll see how they're feeling in the morning. I'll toss the text fee and see what she's doing
Um, but I don't know. I think she might be I think she might just be busy
But we'll see
All right, everybody. Uh, have a safe monday. Have a great monday
We'll see you tomorrow and bye-bye