I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show, and now it is live, and I'm a dog.
Case is alive!
We're live in ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one. Let's do this!
I'm Pepito!
Oh hello everyone. I'm back to my Bartless self. See those arms?
It's too much work to get everything off.
It is all mostly off now. There might still be some...
No, maybe not.
It's been terrible though. If anyone tuned in for the stream on Saturday, I did put on 100 Barts.
I don't have any photos, but well I do have photos, but I don't have them on my computer.
But there's a whole stream on YouTube if you feel like seeing me with 100 Barts.
Well, 106, yeah. I only needed to do it for the 100, but it sucks, it turns out.
Once the 100 Barts are on, they were quite hard to get off.
It's been less than a week and they're still...
If I showed you my arms, there's still some like sticky shit.
What was the reaction like going out in public?
I didn't end up going actually. My friends got stuck at a thing and didn't get out till late.
So like a coward, I didn't even share my Barts publicly.
So sad. I kind of was excited to have to walk around with all the Barts,
although I did go get Kendall McDonald's.
And definitely the guy who I gave the money to was like...
I stuck my arm out and I could tell he was...
Because it wasn't even that it was Barts.
They were already like rippling and gross looking.
Lots of clips in the Discord.
Hell yeah.
Wait, let's see.
Oh, I gotta fix my OBS to actually open up Discord.
Oh, there we go.
Oh yeah, I did the Bartman.
I did do the Bartman.
Well, I attempted to do the Bartman.
What the fuck?
I said what?
What the shit?
I haven't actually looked at any of this, so...
This is the best time capable of dancing.
It looks like I don't know how I expected it would work.
So anyway, Kendall was the one putting all these on me.
And she quickly realized at least the way she wanted to do it,
they weren't all going to fit on my arm.
So they were all around my neck.
And I think that was what ended up making it really suck.
Because every shirt I wore all weekend stuck to my neck.
And I just like I scrubbed it.
I like got a like scrubbing burn trying to get one of them off.
I literally was taking kitchen.
I took like a kitchen scrub sponge.
That was the only way I could get it off most of me.
And then I was like, I guess I just have to wait for some of this to come off
because I'm like fucking up my skin trying to get it off.
Just try all sorts of oils and stuff.
I think it's basically off.
It's mostly off now.
Every once in a while in my various body hairs,
I'll find like a weird sticky tattoo thing.
It's also because I printed them myself.
So like whatever paper I was using,
I don't know if it's the most premium tattoo paper.
Yeah, I guess when you print it the way it must work
is you're essentially applying a sticker to your skin.
The Matlidel one, you know,
because obviously I went with only the most premium Matlidel tattoo.
The Matlidel one much easier to get off and a better feeling tattoo.
So, you know, you skip on price, you pay the price,
but you must suffer for your barts and we did.
And it's done.
And I don't think I'm going to do any more tattoo.
Did it rash?
I mean, this is the closest thing to a rash I have is whatever's going on with that.
But that I did to myself.
I don't think I got ink poisoning or anything.
That would have been, I did tell Kendall
it would have been really funny if this had killed me.
It's like, I just didn't read it correctly.
And it's like, do not apply 100 of these at once.
And then I just died of ink poisoning.
That would be a, it'd be rough on everybody,
but it would be a pretty funny weighted
for people to have to say that you died.
I guess you could be like, well, he died of poisoning,
but we would all really know.
I died of putting out 100 barts.
Yeah, 99 barts for safety.
We did 106.
What if I found it was 101 that they're like,
you pushed it too far.
There's no coming back now.
It was an awesome stream.
Well, thank you.
I mean, I really was just sitting there getting barts,
but that is what I said I would do.
So it came as advertised.
Oh yeah, Dolly Parton and Dolly Parton.
How do you say her last name, actually?
Now that I'm saying it out loud, I'm like,
have I been saying this wrong my whole life?
Didn't someone else pass away, unfortunately, today?
Oh, Tim, yes.
Tim Curry, damn.
I know he had been struggling with some health issues for a while,
but sad news on both accounts.
The Legends.
Herkhermer Hamulka?
Live in Sleazy with the deep cuts that I
am never entirely familiar with.
Oh, that's one of his characters.
That's his Congo character.
That was in front of the brain for you live in Sleazy.
Tim Curry's turn in Congo is Herkhermer Hamulka?
Someone never saw Congo?
I did.
I just, I never picked up on that name.
I wish I had.
What a name.
It was not a good day.
I mean, yes, it sucks whenever a
fairly universally beloved celebrity passes.
Darkness and legend.
Yeah, one of the greatest portrayals of Satan ever,
Tim Curry, with the huge ass horns looking like a full magic card.
Superhuman Samurai Cyber Squad villain?
I'm not familiar with that one either.
Ahead of state next, we never get that lucky.
It's never those.
He was also the villain in Superhuman Samurai.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, anyway, I hope everybody had a decent weekend.
Some troubling news, as always.
We made the mistake of deciding this was a new stream three years ago,
four years ago, and now we're stuck reading all the news.
So let's continue that tradition.
It's news time.
It was originally a SimCity stream.
What the hell?
The news network with the great Jeff Rivlinet once simply streamed SimCity?
Those were the days.
Oh, you think that was better?
It might have been more Twitch appropriate, honestly.
Or maybe Snapchat appropriate?
I don't even know what you're talking about.
You posted a Tim Curry red alert scene, and he was in so much stuff.
RIP to the realist.
The realist?
Some say it's realer than me.
I would agree with that.
Bring back Guy O'Boggling.
You know, the lore of this stream goes pretty deep.
Before it was a SimCity stream, it was a Bass ProShops IRL stream.
That's true.
There's also a brief period where I just kind of sat there and read the news
when I was transitioning from doing streams with Fiona to whatever this is.
Now I shared some clips in cream.team.
It's my favorite concert you ever went to.
Oh, Muse.
I've not seen Muse live.
Fiona's dead to us.
I just saw Fiona last week.
She's doing great, I swear.
She's dead to you, though.
That's fair.
Dang.
I wouldn't be back.
From missing a Monday stream without a hype train.
Fiona who?
Renowned commercial and independent film director Fiona Nova?
Come on.
Come on.
Ooh, I'm going to have to close the door.
I got to close the studio door real quick.
There we go.
Honestly, I might be doing a thing with Fiona soon.
For this very stream.
But I won't over promise.
Because I can't just do it myself.
But anyway, there's a chance Fiona and I are going to do a thing.
Not for streaming, but for something else in the next two to three months.
So we're also tied to my sketch group.
We'll get to that if it happens though.
Formula one hype maker Fiona Nova?
Exactly.
It's not a murder mystery.
The mystery is what is it that's not a murder mystery?
I should just call Fiona and be like, look, you promised.
I know it's been two and a half, three years.
Three years?
You're playing at the Hollywood Bowl on August 31st.
You can't recommend them enough.
I know at least one music song.
Spotify?
On my MP3 player in college?
I'm not as aware of music as some.
If you had us too expensive for twitch experiences, probably true.
That's probably true.
Anyway, I guess there's a hype train here.
Of the beating very patiently.
Whittling my thumbs that I don't have.
You don't have them?
How are you?
What do I know?
I'm just a good.
We've got a ton of bangers.
I know of the band, obviously.
I know they're popular.
I just personally can't.
Think of the main music song I'm trying to think of.
Oh, wait.
Is it They Will Not Controls?
We'll be victorious.
Is that?
Is that Muse?
Were you about to say it's Imagine Dragons?
I just don't know.
That's Muse?
Point in case.
It all blends together as the arcane soundtrack to me, okay?
How am I supposed to know?
Uprising by this.
Listen up, Jack.
It's come to just Mama Jam 300 shiny, tasty coins.
And I've been dying to say yes.
I'm about to take off my shirt and show off my 100-credit tattoos.
I got them in jail.
In jail for Monopoly.
He's so high to train me.
The president?
Got 100-the-critic tattoos?
Yeah, because he's a man of taste in class.
He's been through things, Case.
He doesn't go to the easiest low-hanging group for cartoons.
He got 100 tattoos.
He goes for the critic.
A critic reference?
That doesn't stink.
Shut the fuck up.
Give me a critic typey.
That might exist.
The critic theme might be a beat.
John Lovett is gangster.
John Lovett is a lot of things.
Maybe one of them is gangster.
The critic trap beat.
There we go.
A Congo type beat?
There's so many beats here that are just called the critic.
None of them are tied to the cartoon.
But fortunately, there's this Bugs Bunny beat.
This is what you're...
This is what you're going with?
How come it's so swimmy?
This is an atmospheric one.
That's...
That's fine.
Giggle trash, oh my gosh.
I'll take care of this case.
You're shit.
Some butt to pop off, take you on a new hype trip.
What's up, car king?
Wait, they're not on the list.
What's the list?
The list of subs that I spit
when I'm talking about these bits of shit.
Here we go.
Are I being John Lovett's?
What?
There's too many celebrities dying.
We can't report non-dead celebrities.
What happened with him?
I think he's fine.
Well, I repeat to him that that happened,
but it probably didn't.
So I won't get to snapping off on the sad stuff.
All things you can talk about for sad stuff.
What's up?
What I want to talk about is...
What?
All that for propaganda.
We can't...
The Senate?
It's in the Senate.
Senate, I'm a cinephile.
What movies have you even seen, hype train?
Horse.
Has anybody else seen the movie Horse?
It's probably a movie.
Have you seen the movie Road?
I'm sure both of those are probably movies.
Have you seen the movie Milk?
Have you seen the movie Glass?
Have you seen the movie Fork?
Have you seen the movie Ass?
Have you seen the movie Train?
All of these are probably movies because they're just one word things.
Have you seen the movie?
What are you talking about today?
Well, but you're not a critic just by listing them.
What do critics do?
They talk about the movies.
What happened in Horse?
Didn't you just leveled up?
There's no time to talk about the movie Horse now.
Critics are in the back.
Horse, huh?
No, it's the movie Horse.
Hype train, I don't think you've seen the movie Horse,
but there is a movie called Horse.
Oh, you know what? I am the... Oh, here we go.
A lone gunfighter seeks vengeance upon the man who murdered his horse.
Starring Jansen Penetriere as Isaac.
Wait, this isn't even out yet.
Yeah, I got an early pre.
Gotta show this to the hype train.
Let him see, dude.
So I'll watch the movie Starring Jason Penetriere.
That's not his name.
Jansen knees in the fucking dust
And they try to save his ass
But they can't beat
Cause they must include a new fish tank
And it turns out at the end
The whole thing was just one big horse prank
Do you know what about this?
Just take the subs.
Do you know about this?
Subs.
Even though I wanna say
That I gotta recommend the movie Horse
I guess I'll move on anyway, think?
Follow, I got a real big horse to swallow
What I want today, I gotta thank people
It's dead like rubber, we will vote gay
He said, case I missed the bar stream
Because we were at the news concert
It fucking rocked and I do believe that
Sir, we got some away with the 46 months
Coming in with the reserve
And we love the sale of the hate
With the 41 months, yeah, he's been here
And you know that we love to be it
And whatever, we got Apple Depple
And as well with the mighty eyes
A hundred fish and bundles sprout
They're coming in, dang, what's the spell?
It must be movies
With the 300 critics that to send
We got Giggle Trash again
We got Giggle Trash again
With the 5 communities because the love never ends
I'm the hype train and I'm on a permanent critic band
I've been talking about movies all day
With the incisive mind of a movie critic
And you know that I've seen every movie on the planet
So when I see a movie, I essentially lift it
What?
Yeah, every time I see a movie, I actually
I have to be careful because I experience the movie
So that's my burden
When is the hype train American arena tour?
In case you should book that call the staples arena
Say we've got a hype train
And I'm gonna
Oops, sorry about that
Horse and catch and also lettuce
What?
Horse and catch and also lettuce
Is that one movie or is that three?
What the hell is catch?
It's catch!
Crenin and it stars a kangaroo
It also stars a guy named Albert II
And finally, there is one more fucking dude
It's a J, actually
It's Johnny Depp dude
It stars a kangaroo, a guy named Albert and Johnny Depp
And it's called catch
K-A-J, yeah, you know it's bad
But good is what I mean
I mean in the Michael Jackson sense
And not in the creepy Michael Jackson sense
I mean that it's awesome man
Catch
The new movie catch
Yeah, and I'm saying it's bad
Level four, that's a new high score
Have we even never seen a high level four before?
Yes, you've been to like level 12
I don't even know what your highest level is
Is that even what we're supposed to look out for?
There's so many graphics saying to look out for that
But it might be level 20
Anyway, I've also seen the movie horse
Yes, you got that
And the movie lettuce
No, I've not seen the movie lettuce
But you know what? I don't even believe you that that's a movie
Is there a movie called lettuce yet?
There is a movie called it's a TV movie
Or an IMDb, it's a TV movie
Um, written by Robert
Ethan Gunnerston, starring Diane Foster
Is this a real thing?
Sex and it's life crisis
I've trained what is with the movies you're watching
I mean, not that I'm just proud
I'm just happy anyone's going to the cinema anymore, okay?
Support your local movie emporium
I've trained I don't even I don't
You've lost the thread with me today
I don't even know what you're trying to get to
But I actually support cinema
Sorry that you're a hater and a grandpa
You ain't cool enough to go see the new
Is there a words movie?
Oh, I've seen that
Oh, you've seen the movie words
Yeah, it's a good one
Yeah, there's a movie called 2018
2018 movie called words
Um, it's a
It's got Bob the drag queen in it
A generation built on text tweets, memes and irony
What has become the weight of the weight of words?
In what ways does communication serve as a form of self-expression?
It's a documentary about words
Seems like a pretty broad subject
Well, we do use them all the time
And there's so much to say about words
People are afraid that the illiterate kids don't know how to talk about shit
Honestly, I'm not even scared
Because have you heard?
Everybody just needs to go see the new movie words
I'm talking about it
You know that even better yet
Count to 26 is the new alphabet
And the new alphabet, it only has one letter
And case the letter
It gets fucking wet
And it's a one letter letter
That's four letters at least
It's the only letter really new
People think that the new shit
Sorry, I have to confirm you that they're leaving
Actually, the oldest language to ball
Is the piss that drops straight out of your balls
Where it's stored
Have you heard that before?
The heart of the alphabet is stored in your balls
Yeah, you've talked about piss being stored in the balls before
But did you know that it's an ancient form of
Count up the letters
Enough of that
Where the only letter was actually pissed
There was an ancient king who could not handle it
And so it split everyone into ancient continents
And split all the languages into their ancient roots
Have you heard about this shit, dude?
Yes
And the only letters then were six
And the first one, of course, it was piss
But the other ancient language was shit
And there was a rule between the six
What are the other four?
The ancient languages were piss, shit, puke, com, barf, and fart
Yes, you see, it never turns out that it was
Your character needs something called a medicine
Some were called also turrets and bricks
Then finally there was only one language
With the people they were satisfied with the man
So they decided to change it
And they formed it into 26 fucking symbols
And that's history
Any questions?
Really? You don't have any questions about that?
Nope, I don't know
I don't care about it
I don't want to get into it further
I mean, how long ago was this?
The people assumed that the other one
Now I was going to tell you but now we're out of beat
I bet there will be another one I've trained
I mean, I hope so
I personally do have questions
Ace is a little anti-knowledge
I think he's...
You're probably part of the ancient kingdom of shit
So you're probably upset
That your whole spot's getting blown up right now
And not that I know of
That's too bad
Honestly, it's easy to see why
Case is always so fucking mad
Because he probably only speaks one language
And the language is crap
Why you got me?
Yes, I did
Sorry that I just blew up how you live
But that's actually not how I'm the ancient continent
I still speak the pure free kitchen
Let me get your piss
Great
You wanna hear how you're saying?
No
And I ain't even playing when I spit it out
Just letting you know this is the ankle language piss
What a shock
You actually can speak in piss
And it goes piss, piss, piss, piss, piss
And that's how he's saying
What'd you just say?
Actually I said piss
But then I followed it by saying piss
And before that I actually said piss
And now I've explained the ancient language
I just basically spoke all homo-eric epics
Homo-eric?
Homo-eric epics?
Homo-eric epics
The ancient bard
In the piss world he was so in charge
He was speaking homo-eric epics all the time
Like the story of piss
And the story of piss
But also he knew the story of piss
And you heard it?
No
Well then let me explain
Cause honestly the story of piss is so insane
He grew up in piss and he lived in piss
But one day he had to escape to go find piss
But of course he was actually stopped by piss
So he had to reach for his powerful piss
But all his men unfortunately died in piss
So he had to enter the ancient kingdom of piss
And talk to the lord of piss and piss
But then he got all his people of piss
Side of the piss to get back to piss
And he was pissed
But finally he reached the kingdom of piss
The kingdom is over
No I'm sort of translate- I'm half translating
Gilgamesh and Incarnia
No that's- that's new stuff
I'm talking old stuff
Gilgamesh is new stuff
Yeah this is sort of before that
This- he was kinda-
Honestly Gilgamesh was sort of just copying the story of piss
I- I just really like he went on some stuff I-
He blew it up?
Yeah the dog, not even the-
Not even this- this philosopher
The straight up the dog goes about this
Gilgamesh?
Nice
Anyway what?
Anyway that's all I wanted to say
Oh great
That's all I had to say
Shit
There's been a couple more subs actually
You could think a couple more subs
Hey he's probably getting-
You don't have to be such a taskmaster all the time man
It's just-
I've made it to level five somehow
It's just not level six
I bet probably people are curious about all of this ancient knowledge that you're just
Stomping through today
You don't care just because you don't care doesn't mean we don't care case
I'm just trying to protect the audience from being propagandized too about piss languages
One man's propaganda is another man's ancient history
Jets and cramps and fucking fatted and I ain't talking about the English legion
You haven't seen the movie piss?
It's all you talk about
I'm sure there's some movie called piss
Well you know what actually now I feel like I should see if there's an IMDb for piss
Oh there's piss the movie it's a short
I'm a mockumentary exploring the rise of the greatest bathroom acapella group you've never heard of
Oh I mean I obviously have heard of the acapella group piss
This is why we should be careful what we-
There's several shorts called piss
A deranged plumber pisses on his floor to manifest mysterious leaks in the ceiling of the tenants below
It's called piss
You just said you hadn't seen it
I've seen that one I haven't seen piss the movie
Two other beats there are
Whoa look at what Tom is up to
No wonder that mouse is so scared of him
He's flashing all that cash
He's got a sick codon
Jerry doesn't stand a chance
Wait is Tom the mouse or is-
You really don't know- no Tom is the cat
I remember
What's with this beat?
I don't know that sort of
Could you cat could you cat could you cat could you cat could you cat could you cat could you cat could you cat
It's kind of a satisfying name
Oh here's Marvin Martian
This is a two hour beat Jesus
Trap instrumental beats
bangers
Only bangers for martian for Marvin the Martian up here
Is Tom cat yes
In case you could have really pieced that one together probably
This is a whole YouTube album
Of Marvin the Martian type beats
Oh my god so many mixes
What the fuck
Have you seen the mook?
I never thought of it hype train
That's your mistake
The movie needs
What a conveniently rhyming plot hype train
I didn't make the plot I just watched the movie
My review of the hot movie needs
Is that I appreciated that the man says please
Finally at the end when the mouse gives him cheese
And actually the whole thing was accused
That your review is saying the plot again
I mean that's fair honestly I think reviews get too much into the weeds
Of what things mean and yada
I just want to know if you liked the movie
And what the plot is
I'm on your side hype train
Oh great everyone's on the hype train side
Yeah they can't help it kids
Can't help it though
I'm being normal over here
You've seen the movie needs
I suspect you love the new movie needs
That sexually is sequel to the first movie called
He didn't even mention that the movie needs
So sad that we'll never know the plot to the movie needs
A sequel to the movie need
Even though I'm pretty sure he explained the first movie needs
You're spitting on the grave of hype train right now
He just died in front of all of us
And already you're complaining
How is that even possible
We were almost to the plot
He covered a lot of ground today
Yeah sure
Yeah he really did
Thank you to Giggle Trash for the community sub
Bundle Sprout thank you for the 100 bits
Daggett on Twitch
Thank you for gifting the sub to the dearly departed Dolly Pardon
Tam Tram thank you so much for the five community subs
Showering us with I honestly I don't know if Case deserves it
But the hype train I think did
You think the hype train earned those
I think he earned them
I learned a lot about film today
Oh great you know
Everybody makes content now
Nobody's talking about film is the problem
But today we got some
Great Giggle Trash thank you for the gifted sub to
White kids you know
I bet Case knows a couple
Giggle Trash thank you for the 201 bits
That extra one really makes it go down smooth
And Giggle Trash thank you again for the gifted sub
Skymon as well
And
Bundle Sprout and the Mighty Oz thank you for the 100 bits
We got there
Knees the Eric Knee story of the former MTV VJ
Now we're talking
But does he learn to say please
To ask for cheese
They should probably make more plots that are just
Incredibly easy baby rhymes
That's the plot of a lot of children's books
Just sort of two things that rhyme
And I think those authors are the truest authors of all
Jack Knees his dad was an NBA ref
We're learning a lot today
We really are
Let's learn how to transition directly into
The real news of the world
Your words not mine
I don't believe the news till I read it Case
Which I haven't even done yet
Boom
Wait
There it is
Play that really quiet music please
Uh Canada
Our former enemy now our enemy again
You thought it was just for kids in high school to make fun of Canada
Because Self Park did it
Turns out it's actual politics
Great
Canada throwing their dick in Trump's face
That is the news I'd love to see
But
You know maybe close enough
Looks like we have a video actually
22nd
The United States of America and post tariffs on 50%
On approximately 28 billion
In Canadian goods
Those tariffs will have real consequences for Canadian workers
Oops
Businesses
And communities across our nation
Canada must respond
And today we are
In a proportionate
Targeted
And strategic way
That doesn't sound like politics to me
Today I'm announcing
That Canada will match the United States tariffs
Dollar for dollar
Rate for rate
Effective September 8th
Canada will impose counter tariffs of up to 15
25 or 50%
On 27.6 billion in imports
From the United States of America
Troubling news
But honestly the voice is sort of silly to me
Why?
Because it sounds so Canadian
Does that how they actually sound?
Yes it's just a
French Canadian accent I think
Wait Mr. President
Yeah Canada gonna go hog wild and do the war of 1812
So yeah Trump is reimposing more tariffs on Canada
They're responding by
Going rate for rate
I love that
I mean usually I associate that with chatterbait
But I guess you can do it in politics too
Don't ask
Okay I won't
But um
Oh don't worry
The United States still has some punches to throw
Um President Donald Trump has said he has proposed to rename Lake Ontario to
Lake America
And apparently it may not be a joke
I mean it's a joke that he'll just do I guess
Or could do or
Does anybody's called the Gulf of America thing work?
Well you're still saying it aren't you?
I guess
What did America do to deserve this?
So from my understanding
Canada also said they're going to specifically try to target
States that voted for Trump
Oh so you just feel safe because you're in Los Angeles
I mean I don't know if you can do targeted tariffs to that extent
I think they're trying to target industries that would specifically focus on states that support Donald Trump as a way to
Create political repercussions for Trump for doing this
If Trump cares about political repercussions I guess he still does it's really hard to tell
What is happening
You know in the mind of Trump or if it matters
Probably matters it probably does but I don't know I just don't know if
I don't know if he reacts to anything conventionally anymore
Hope no one here likes beef while they're also making all sorts of beef moves beef moves
You didn't even cut put that in your selected story and there's beef news
And not the Netflix show. Yeah, he also announced some kind of um
He's like importing more beef
Yeah beef move he's importing more beef from foreign beef sellers
From like foreign ranchers. I'm assuming South American ranchers is going to be importing lots of beef
He announced that which I would assume we were already doing maybe a some way to try to bring down beef prices before the election
Beef moves is an awesome twitch username
This is just you saying this case. How can I trust this? I we did I didn't pull up a beef story
But I can cite I can search trump beef
Not to be confused with trump steaks
Yes, a controversial beef import plan
Was signed um today apparently
Trump said he could also halt the increased imports if beef prices don't come down
Or if countries do not sell it 25 discount
Which is what the president has requested is 25 discounted beef
Uh also apparently saying basically that this will give american
Beefers I don't think that's what they like to be called american beefers case
We'll have the chance to regrow their herds of walking beef
You mean cows? I don't like to think of them that way
Also beef recall today a beef recall
Well, we're gonna need so much beef. Fortunately, the president has us covered
Uh court argentino usa llc recalled about 29 000 close to 30 000 pounds of raw boneless beef imported from argentina
I believe one of the people that one of the areas that we will be importing beef from which we already are
Well, like so many announcements from the president
That's just will any of this even happen will they sell it to us at a 25 discount
Maybe okay, I guess well, he says he'll stop if they don't it's just we already import a ton of beef
Supposedly american ranchers have been struggling
You know for the last several years including over the bide administration
Something the president is referencing here, which hasn't really improved under him
I was struggling how much I don't know. I'm not a beef expert. Well, that's clear
uh
Yeah, he's back. He's back on his tariff shit scott besant also, uh, our wonderful
Securities, sorry secretary
Secretary of the treasury something like that is also
Essentially, they're trying to transition the war in iran to
um
More of a sanctions war
Claiming they're going to sanction any country that does business with iran
So they're trying to make all sorts of
Monetary movements just in time for the election. Yes, just in time for the election. They're going to fix the economy
um
By continuing the war but economically
Sanctioning countries that we can't possibly sanction like china. Well, we could but it would be a fucking disaster
So anyway, I'm just I'm slightly incredulous that any of these big beef moves are going to come through
Well, that's not a very supportive attitude. I agree
Sure looks like a beef expert
Yes
I don't agree
Maybe my beard looks like a beef expert because it's such a beefy beard
You do have a beefy thick beard, but you know, I actually shave my beard lower than I used to so it's getting closer to yours
Not even mine's all the way down to your case
It's because my adam's apple is much lower than yours. It's a more stately position. Looks like it's in the same spot. Uh-uh
He edged the sanctions. He didn't specify what he would actually do. Yeah, I mean, I don't
It was a couple days ago that scott besant gave his little
Cantrum speech or he'd really some like chat gpt written
Um, screed about how we're entering a new
era of american economic dominance through sanctions of any country that does business with iran
Which is tons of countries and some of them are allies like south korea
Um, I think plenty of asian countries that were allied with import
Uh oil from iran. So and china imports like 90 percent of their oil or 90 percent of iranian oil is imported
exported to china
And we can't do shit to china because we rely on them too much and they also fortunately for now for us
At least rely somewhat on america though that uh equation is constantly fluctuating
So I would just be shocked if they do anything scott besant wouldn't even like mention china in the like press release slash little speech
He gave I haven't heard that noise in a while
Gifted a sub to fiona nova
Why did it play that so dramatically? I don't know. I didn't even know that we had the that that was an option
Case china apologizes blackwell. I mean that's been my beat for a while
I'm trying to make a name for myself apologizing for china, but they just won't
Acknowledge all the apologies I do
Well, I guess then you can apologize to china for not doing a good job
Massive floods in china and napal
What I didn't even hear about that
Uh, anyway, whatever. I we I missed a couple of days of news
so i'm giving you guys the cliff notes and that's not the best way for me to cover the news because
You'll be shocked here. I don't really prepare for these streams that that carefully
But that's my vague understanding of the news where attempting all sorts of economic sanctions trump's trying to make moves to
bring down prices
scott besin is trying to make moves to either combat inflation or
Somehow bring down prices is more specifically
Of course sanctions would only bring up prices the war in iran can only bring up prices
So it it seems like a doomed effort to me
We also try to bail out the japanese yen and that didn't work at all so
And of course, there's always the fear that the ai bubble could finally actually burst
I that that seems like it's been a long time coming. So I have no insight into when that'll happen
supposedly a lot of big companies have been taking short positions against um
like hyperscalars
in the last month
So some people are thinking that could pretend some type of huge
Economic disaster and or bubble bursting event in the next month or two
You can't really I mean it's I
Obviously shouldn't listen to me and I would not want to be in a position
To have to guess that kind of thing
um
So we'll we'll have to see
Or it just keeps going up
It could it has been doing that the bigger question. Where's the beef or who beefed?
I'm trying to figure out who beefed right now by just talking out loud
But I don't think I'm getting there and so instead we will click on chat news stories chat news indeed chat news stories
Thank you as well to john michael for the gifted sub to fiona nova and
For the gifted sub at kp attack
There's some to you now they have to come yeah, they have to come on the stream now
Is what you meant
Yes
great
Some friends I have I do appreciate i'm a big fan of friendship
Love the friendship. Oh man, you know speaking of friendship. Can I get this?
on to uh
I easily send this to
Discord, I guess I can
Austin creed sent me a
instagram
That I feel like is worth sharing with everyone
In the name of friendship
Uh, it's not him. It's not him like in the discord
Wait, I'll put this in my news section
This is an important piece of the news today
Posting instructions no
There it is
I'm putting this in the wrong thread in my own discord, but that's fine
It's on the news docket now, so I have to cover it
Where is it?
Oh
You thought you had to share that case
I just thought it was I thought it was quality content being shared by Austin
I thought everyone would want to see
Why
You don't text friends the best videos you find on the internet
You and I do friendship differently chat. Okay. Yeah quality content
Oh, there's a rating active
We're amongst something now
We're amongst the ropes. They've been blasted for sure
Anyway, let's get into some chat news
That was uh, you know, that was just me sharing the wealth chat
6.9. Can we keep it there? Ah, not quite
We can't quite keep it at 6.9
I can see
That's the first time I've noticed that dog add your lotion
Thank you to giggle trash for the hundred bits. Uh bonsai bullfrog. Thank you so much for the 46 months
Let's do the time warp r.i.p. Tim Curry. Let's do the time warp
Again, it is. Yeah, that really does suck
um
Sorry my brain just shut off
Call for an expert. Tommy big law. Are we owed legal compensation because of what case just showed us?
You're in trouble now. I have to call my own lawyer
to litigate against me in the court of public opinion
I think it's legally binding whatever he decides
Well, can we cover at least this story first?
Okay, but only because you asked
somewhat nicely
father leaves seven-year-old son alone on mount fuji fuji
fuji
I was just so shocked by the story it mount fuji to continue hike
A father has been reprimanded by police just reprimanded. Well, you know
They don't want to have to take the kid
All right reprimanded after leaving his son on japan's highest mountain for several hours with a soft drink and a snack
Well, just a soft drink and a snack
Just a soft drink and a snack that seems like a pretty big give to me
Now i'm not nearly as worried. He's alone on a mountain
And he's learning
To be self-sufficient with snacks and drinks
That seems a little
Look, I don't think that's the best parenting personally. If it worked for baki hanma. It can work for real people
No in baki the grappler yuji hanma kicks baki off a fucking mountain
That's even worse
See so
It's a sliding scale of bad parenting the seven-year-old was spotted sitting
Also, I think he kicks him out. I don't know if he kicks him off a mountain baki might just jump
Shut up case we've moved on the seven-year-old was spotted sitting on a bench on mount fuji in foggy and rainy conditions
At a point situated at over
2,000 meters or 6500 feet in the air his father 48 reportedly told him to wait here after the boy complained
He was tired and continued to climb with his elder son
So the elder son also abandoned him, but we're not mad at the other son
well, you know usually it's
The parent that you blame in situations like this and that's the problem
There stops along the way in a store
I just think leaving how old was he seven?
Seven is too young
Maybe he's a mature seven. It's never a sentence anyone needs to say
Okay, stricken from the record. Thank you. Uh
All right, let's see what else we got
Look, obviously I want our kids to be raised strong and tough
I just don't know if leaving them alone in a public place or on a mountain is the best idea
He'll be fine. I mean honestly in most cases. I think a kid would be fine
um even at seven but
It is a little odd to like leave your kid leave a seven-year-old totally alone and like
a touristy public space
Well free roaming free roaming is different if it's in your neighborhood
If this guy lived on Mount Fuji then
I would say fine
I can't see how it could be a little bit more of a fringe case than maybe the headline would suggest
Like I suspect there are parents who are like, yeah
This kid's gotta grow up someday leave him on the mountain alone
Or whatever the the tourist hiking path alone
If I saw a seven-year-old sitting alone on a bench on a mountain, I would be like, well, uh, what's going on
In America the kid might be dead. I mean in any country something bad could happen to your kid
Uh, not that you need to be like a helicopter parent, but
You don't want to be the parent that leaves your kid to get lifted out by a helicopter
I'm now the story's over because of what you've done case because of the things you say
I'm a little sad over my kfc bear bursts into kentucky woman's home and steals his dinner
fortunately this
There's a video for this one. I saw this online last night and I just
I really just couldn't it was
It's obviously scary if you're the homeowner, uh, but tell us about this story about this bear. Look at that curious bear
I'm the same as you. I saw it online and like we are all the same and this morning
I was hoping that we would get this video
Now this did take place at like I prayed for this and it happened
You know, we have a lot of bears
In north georgia and you always hear stories about bears coming up and getting into people's cars
And hanging out on their porches. Anyway, this video is about a very hungry bear
So the video shows the bear climbing through a cabin window headline right over the bear and he
Raids the refrigerator in the freezer. Um, according to the post on instagram
He he was eating like brioche buns and croissants straight from the brioche
And a hold of some ribeye steaks and he just apparently took the food outside back on the deck
And ate everything before it took out
Show it, you know, luckily no one was home inside or no one was at home at the time that this happened
And we need to hoop god for this this lady doesn't oh there he is
Damn it. They're covering his thumb up though. You could see him coming back out
He grabbed the item. Uh, that looks like the brioche buns right there
He comes on out and I'm sure he devours them and then he was like probably in his head
I need some meat. I need protein and then it's when he got the ribeye steaks
You got the steaks?
I would obviously be concerned if there was a bear in my house
But I would be pretty happy that I got a video of it
These house securities are whack
I mean
You know, we weren't a bit of a panopticon
Is that a type of brioche? No
Uh, but you know, at least it sometimes it captures a bear holding a bunch of brioche in its mouth
Those are real beef moves
Bears are that traditionally
Full on experts in beef moves. They don't eat cows case. Yeah, but they eat meat
Moving on woman dies
Comes back to life gets parking ticket
The circle of life
A parking company has apologized to an Auckland woman after she received a parking ticket for staying too long in a supermarket
Then the day she died and was brought back to life
Damn
A 54-year-old collapse in the car park of the new world supermarket in Oroa and Auckland's Hibiscus coast on july 26
Um, wait, what? Okay. Sorry. I just saw a sentence down here that pulled my focus
Her father Keith Wilkinson told stuff that the staff were quick to provide assistance and privacy screens
But it was a stranger who immediately took control and performed chest compressions when she could not find a pulse
The stranger just melted away once my daughter had regained a pulse
And st. John ambulance arrived on the scene
I think they're burying the headline here a stranger saved a woman and melted away
She got like quantum leaped or something
Helps having better healthcare than we do
Well, they still had to rely on a melting stranger
An angel
From Buffy
Why him? I don't know. I feel like he's the kind of guy who'd show up do a thing melt away into the crowd
Fetty od. Yeah, maybe there was no guy
She just experienced a different dimension temporarily
Something like that netflix reveals its wonka reality show trailer with creepy ai gene wilder
Oh
Oh, no
But why would they
Where can I where can I see this?
The official trailer for okay, I guess I guess we're doing trailers a little bit early today
netflix willy wonka
Mm-hmm
But not the timothy shella may stuff. No, this is like a
Compete to not become
Compete to not become the blueberry girl or whatever is the show don't get murdered by willy wonka in real life
In oh, wow this building
Is this ai? Is this a building they actually built? I guess you can just put wonka on a factory
Oh, now I see what case is talking about
Is this fake?
This is
Anyway, let's just watch it
Oh
Oh my god, it's just like the movie
Whole new generation of gold ticket holders will compete against each other in my factory
Oh, they really were a lifetime supply of money
They were covering up the ai part of that were they? It's game on. I'm ready to play
Going up some of you are going down
Wonka has this fun, but he also has this dark side. You will test my factory
What is it?
Or is my factory testing you?
Don't worry something only goes wrong three times out of 10
There's always a twist
Don't know what to expect
It's a little wallpaper. How am I gonna live with these people after this?
If you don't have alliances you're going home
Bro, okay, you're gonna put a mother against a daughter. Your tour has been terminated
Let's go
Why are you here? I'm doing this for my family. Oh, okay. There's a lifetime supply of money on the line
A lifetime supply of money. I guess I could afford to terminate a few more
You don't like that for some reason case
I mean, I like that they built the Willy Wonka set. I think that's fun
I don't know why you wouldn't just cast a Wonka
actor
because
They cast the oompa loompas
But not the originals exactly. So just cast a Wonka actor
There were no kids. That's true
And I don't really care about seeing adults get just you know killed and murdered
I think part of the reason the original Wonka was so compelling is it's the kids getting destroyed
That's what you liked
Well, I just you know kids always skate by in movies
But in Wonka they face real consequences. They're like that girl's a blueberry forever or she's dead. Those are the only two options
He said she'd be fine
He said a lot of things and now he can say anything with the power of ai
They should yeah, if you want to know first Willy Wonka would honestly be pretty fun
Yeah, I mean, I don't know whatever I I don't really care about reality TV generally
I do like the idea of building Willy Wonka's factory and it's actually edible
It's also pretty gross in real life that there's a bunch of just like food sitting around
That everybody kind of just rubs up against but
Whatever, I guess
If they could just if they would get rid of the ai gene wilder, I would have no complaints
In the books she died. There you go. Yeah, but they kill kids all the time in books
I like to see it in movies
Why do you want to see kids die in movies because nobody's brave enough to do it except Wonka?
That's real art when kids get murdered in movies. It's real art. I'm just saying yes
That's all I'm saying is yes
All right
It's not a controversial opinion. Okay
Inflatable chocolate factory. Is that a one of the challenges?
Inflated chocolate factory. I doubt it. I'll watch. Okay. Well you watch and I'll
not
Rever when visiting
Washington DC remember to not illegally park your guillotine
You can do that a giggle trash. Thank you so much
For the gifted one month tier one sub to Jared bays
Jared bays welcome giggle trash. Thanks so much
Roll doll had a dark edge to him for sure. He got it. He knew what the people needed to see
Kid traps
I don't like the way you're talking about
Kids today
All right, taking the note. It's been observed before but it's always equally true
Washington DC is a city with a magnetic pull for the addled and deranged
Because it's the seat of government power of what they're really padding the word count here. Whatever somebody put a guillotine in the park
All right, there it is
Fine, that's it. This is why you will never be as good as the hoop god
You can't even handle two seconds of the human interest story
I just just the story is they put a guillotine in the park and people are probably like, what's that doing there?
I covered it
Fine
Fine
Hate everything. That's what you do case. I'm just going quickly
A judge strikes down texas ban on drag shows tell people offended by them. Just don't go
In texas they did that
I'm actually surprised
Texas attorney general ken paxson's office has defended the law
in court
So the governor is
Unsurprisingly pro-ban, but the court wasn't
You know every once in a while you see how to give it to the courts
And the sub be with you jared bays
The sub you with us all
Any type of sub you can get
Hmm, this is
What is this?
um
Your physical game library is more than a collection of discs. It holds years of memories
Um and stories worth preserving starting next week xbox insiders can unlock a digital entitlement
For supported physical games
Um, wait, that means if you have the physical game you can add it digitally
I feel like I've been attacked by good news
Yeah, but it was kind of intensely delivered news
I felt like a laser disc was sliding into my brain with that music
And it is you now have the digital rights to the laser disc that's slid into your brain
Pay us an extra 20 bucks a month and play the game you already bought but without discs
Without sticking the disc in
Well, you if you're already a member right if you're an xbox insider or is that a new designation?
Is that different than um the like xbox game pass thing?
I don't know did they trick us?
Is that like a whole new service you have to sign up for to be a insider?
It will roll out to everyone. What does it mean to be an xbox insider?
It means you've been inside the box. Oh
Okay
Kid rock news
This that is a free feature. Oh, you can freely be inside the box. Okay, then I guess it's positive
Kid rock Apache helicopter stunt may have cost a four star general his job
General chris leneve allegedly pressured general randy george to scrap the army's probe into the marine into the march flyover
Now leneve's own promotion is in jeopardy
For those who don't know kid rock
Got a flyover from the military and posted it back in march and fortunately they did share that in the story
It's all worth it when you get a salute from kid rock the infinity pool
facing the white house
Adios go do military stuff
Really living the dream, isn't he?
I don't know if I'd be that excited if that helicopter just appeared outside my house
They had to do reconnaissance to find his house. Well, they wanted to make sure he didn't have the real white house
They're like it's such a believable recreation that um
Did he steal it and then they confirmed he didn't so it was official police business military police business
Insane that kid rock has managed to stay relevant somehow says of attack
Yes, I suppose it is. Well, it's funny whenever he does like a big prominent national thing
It's still bar with the bar and then uh like cowboy baby
So he's really been coasting off like his
appearance at mtv spring break in 1999 for the last 27 years and that is impressive. You do have to give it up to
him for that
Why he's completely
Well, I guess there's plenty of reasons you would attach yourself to the president of the united states
There's probably lots of benefits he gets from that
But yeah, strange that he is such a frontman for
Like the republican party in this administration specifically
But he just speaks he speaks to people
Yeah, he speaks to the rock the kid that rocks and all of us
That's his role. That is his role
Don't forget. He was also in joe dirt
I really feel like he could have played joe dirt
No, joe dirt was an homage to kid rock
Oh, yes, he was joe dirt. The character was inspired by kid rock. So then kid rock made a cameo. I see
Deaf leopard sucks
I mean part there's like a there's a 15 year old boy in me that kind of still appreciates power to buy
And if it comes on and when he says my name is kid rock, I can't deny. I'm like
Yeah, I remember that
But yeah, pretty much everything else about him success
Kid rock should be known henceforth as kid rock because he isn't a kid nor does he rock
Oh kid rock with an asterix kid rock asterix kid asterix
That's a comment case. He could have pressed the comment button. In fact, there's nine comments. You've been ignoring
All right, let's read these comments and then let's do a couple other segments before we run out of time today
Next sub goal to buy a chair to use for the cuck chair
We could get an official bin cuck chair. I thought that was the one you were already in. Maybe I switched it with yours. What?
I'm moving on ATW this I can't click on a link because it's here. Please. Let me click it case introduce this functionality
I'm sorry. Ivan's losing
Damn it. Case is streaming again. I am
It's news to me Kendall has the best theme song
Shit, who's that walking over here?
She's not even coming at us was confirming
She's got the best intro for sure
I'll give her that the wait is over. We can finally have an inflatable a
An inflatable gooters. I think is oh because there's that lady who there's that Chinese company that makes inflatable anything
And you're not even using her despite that nice ad
There could come a time when we need an inflatable something Harrison Ford is great in the show shrinking. I haven't seen that
I did recently
get a
weak trial of apple tv so that we could watch one episode of
um
Silo well, we could watch the whole season of silo in a week
So hey, maybe I'll grab shrinking while I can next sub will be a simulator game stream
That's not bad. I guess I could do that while we're waiting for this merch to someday be available
um
Okay, wait first we'll do this
What sim game?
chat
You can technically write whatever you want here
But if you put an actual simulator game you want to see and and it wins and I will I'll go with it as long as it isn't
a porn simulator
As long as it isn't a wrecked penis full penetration simulator than I um that I will play it
Or a succubus simulator. I would also prefer that. It's not that
I'm making a lot of demands right now
So what's even the point roller coaster tycoon snes sim city sim ant
construction and cities excel
Oh roller coaster tycoon
Sim ant
Oh, it's been a long time since I've even thought about sim ant
Is that like uh, you're you're playing an onto or an ant? Well, you just obviously it's it's
It's the second one. You just said it yourself
Well, it doesn't matter because the winner was roller coaster tycoon
All right, there you go
um
Let's see goal
roller coaster tycoon
We'll set it at 50
Did I even do that right currently not oh, I didn't type exclamation point
There we go
Yeah, we've got a sub goal again. Oh my god. What a wonderful day
To be getting things that make a number go up. Uh, all right final story
Before case apparently has things to do
I tried burger king's new chicken nuggets. They're a complete 180
Wait a minute. The final story is an ad for burger king
Oh, wait, there's more comments another kid not ruse his girlfriend lauren bobert's kid was arrested for bad stuff with children
That is bad to hear but I'll just move on
Shocking well, I mean kind of yes kid rock should be known from from hence as kid rock asterix and we do agree
My name is kid
You think there's also a singer just named kid
Uh, yes
When is case going to make the papito kings of comedy movie?
When does that happen in case?
Really good question
um
We're gonna have to do a soft like 20 30 target on that. It's it's all it's in pre-production. It's in pre pre-production. Oh, okay
Give me my fucking movie already
I'm ready
You want to be in a movie papito?
No, just give it to me
And let me see what I want to do with it. That's not really how movies work. Give me it
Okay, you can have it. Okay. I'm gonna take it
Great
We can't do chicken nuggets as our last story
Okay, how about this? This seems like a positive story to end on I'm assuming
Mm-hmm
Um, uh, it's all paywalled
The FDA gives uh, I can't even show it
FDA gives expedited approval to new ground-breaking pancreatic cancer drug
The u.s. Food administration approved groundbreaking new drug for the most common form of pancreatic cancer
Offering u.s. Patients a more effective treatment against one of the deadliest types of the disease
Say good news like that ben hooper
fucking annihilated
Ben Hooper would never call out another newscaster. He's actually too classy for that. So I'd say you lost actually jeff
It's because he's got no fucking guts
Guardian isn't paywalled. You have to click the arrow to minimize. I figured it out in my own incompetent way
But that does make sense
Uh, direct son sip. We've run out of names
Is that what it's called? Oh, yeah
direct son wait direct son recib
direct direct son recib
I think it's you pronounce that direct son recib
Well get your direct son recib. Well, you can
Uh, yeah, I hope it actually works. That does seem like actually good news
But there's many autists as we have here. I assure you we can do chicken nuggets
Okay, fine. We'll end on what why were they talking about chicken nuggets?
And now of course, you're curious and that's the mark of powerful journalism
The new nuggets officially launched september 1st and burger king says the changes came directly from guest feedback
Just like the new and improved whopper
So you've heard it here first. This is huge news
A new whopper and improved nuggets at burger king september 1st. This isn't a fucking ad
This isn't the literal news. Okay
It sounds exactly like an ad. Well, it's a fact case
Improved whopper new nuggets september 1st burger king
Why are we talking about this so much because it's in the news you piece of shit
Gooders is going to be pissed. Yeah. What about gooders? Well, obviously gooders is always on offering a new bevy
of wet meats drinks and
Um storage bins wet storage bins. Well, you want to store it wet
Or you're never going to have wet fries
If you don't store wet fries in a wet space, you're just going to end up with soft fries
And obviously if you want soft fries, you're going to order soft fries from gooders
Gooders new chicken jalapeño soft fries
I haven't had those yet. You've got to try the new chicken jalapeño soft fries from gooders
We are doing it out for gooders now, but you know what I'll allow that
I'll allow it too and I'll also allow us to change segments because it is now debate time
Feeling sharp looking sharp
Mentally sharp, but to take the blade of my mind
And cleave your arguments not in half
But into infinitesimal atomic pieces like I'm the atomic samurai from one punch man
That's right. It's munchin crumb. I'm the hero. Here's the piece of shit
Welcome to munchin crumb where you shit the debate and we just bait it
I'm of course Leonard crumb and I'm joined by a buffoon who can't stop running his stinky little mouth pie
Mouth pie you're running your stinky little mouth pie all day long
But I don't remember baking a mouth pie. So what's it doing on my windowsill?
Yeah, I can give it back to you when you're gonna serve it at me
I can return that serve
But return what returning fire shots fired shots returned shut your mouth pie
I don't like the word mouth pie. Well, I'm saying it and there's no stopping me
So maybe you should shut that mouth pie before I say it some more
I'm not
Engaging with this. Oh, so you've already admitted defeat. No. I just like what are you fucking talking about?
Well today what we're actually talking about out of my healthy mouth pie
Is better mayo munch cut verse
Oh, sorry better mayor. He said better mayo
A munch cut verse mom dining
well
Look as a party representative for the for the democratic party. I do have mixed feelings about mom dining
so
Is there any way we could go with a secondary mayor? You don't even like the most popular guy in your party
That's not true. He's not the most popular
What just because he's like handsome and
If the people in his city you have he's got like a 60% of verse a higher approval rating and
And he does seem to be doing some things that people actually like which I didn't realize was a thing
You could do is mayor everybody likes him suddenly
He's not the most popular just because
Polls suggest he's popular
He seems like
Kind of the best thing you've got going
Well, no, there's it's a whole beautiful spectrum of
Look to mock the democratic party is a spectrum of beautiful flourishing candidates
And I'm just saying there's many others other than mom donnie. Obviously. I'm not going to say munch cut is the best
But well, I think mom donnie's
Better than you
You're not going to say yourself
I am obviously better
And in fact, I'm so good
That I'm going to say mom donnie
Because I'm that magnanimous
that
You just want to you think that they're going to vote for mom donnie
No, no, no, no, obviously I know that I'm I don't even need to defend myself as my point. That's how next level. I am as a mayor
There's not not even really a contest. So in order to make it a contest
I'm going to go with mom donnie
What no that's
I don't I'm not more willing
To defend ralph munch cut as a mayor
Although in some
Concepts I would say well at least he conforms more so to the standards of his party wears mom donnie
Honestly seems a little positioned against the democratic party and I just I love the democratic party
I bleed blue no matter who and I just am not sure that he does isn't he a democrat?
Yes, but the thing is I bleed blue no matter who I thought it was vote blue
I do also vote that way sure, but if you cut if you prick me, do I not bleed blue? I do
But and I'm and I'm not sure that he does so
You know sometimes I'm like are you in the clubhouse or are you not? I'm just saying I have complicated feelings about about mayor mom donnie
So you're going with me. Well, I'm just gonna I don't feel comfortable going with mom donnie
So I guess I'll go with the other option
Which is me
You think I'm a better mayor than the most popular mayor which obviously is true
But it's just funny that you can't even help but admit that no no no no no no no
You're putting words in my mouth. Look, I just don't think at this time
I don't think at this time. It's appropriate for me to
Look, I'm not against any democratic mayor and I do wish them well
I just don't know if now is the time for me to
Like endorsement season is over is what I'm saying so like
I just don't know what I could offer to mom donnie by backing him in this theoretical debate
Obviously, I do know one thing I will say is munch cut is a dangerous dangerous man
I mean, I agree with that. I'm essentially like triple x vindiesel
I'm the on the fucking skis jumping off of a water tower skating through the jungle
And cuz he said stuff like that is part of my point
But he's because of that. He's a known quantity. You know what you're getting with munch cut. It's not good
It's not good, but it's not unproven
There's a track record there that you can rely on and I do think a steady hand and clear goals and governance
Is very important and I just I just don't know if mom donnie's laid out a clear vision
For what he wants to do with his mayorship. I thought it was fast and affordable buses
freeze the rent and grocery stores
Other but I'm saying like achievable goals. Why isn't he doing some of that achievable goals?
My point is at this time, I just can't I can't and I just don't know if it's
At this time, I just don't know if it's the time for me to pick a side in this debate
You literally pick my side. You pick me. I literally can't lose essentially now because I'll win either way
Well, no, I would win if munch cut wins if munch cut wins this I will take the points
Uh, just to be clear. I'm not advocating. I have selected a candidate
I'm not endorsing but I have selected a candidate. That's not mom donnie, but I'm not endorsing. Okay
I don't even have to say anything. All right. I am obviously the best
I'm so good that I have endorsed not myself and by not endorsing myself
I have won regardless and so the winner it turns out
Is de facto mom donnie, which is also me. The point is I win
There's my fucking song
Oh, I think we muted it. I think we muted it at some point
Um
Oh, there you go
This would have never happened if I was mayor of the stream. My song would always play on time
Or don't you claim to be in charge of the entire stream?
But I haven't become mayor of the stream
Wait a minute. Why isn't there a mayor of this stream? Because what would that even mean?
Look, I know there's too much stuff or something cases. I always complain. He's got too much stuff to do
But we need to elect a mayor of the stream and obviously it should be me
Matt Lajel says your song kind of sucks ass
And I actually they're a big fan of my song so
Bring back elections
They really has been unfair that there's no elections on this stream
Well
If there's going to be a mayor of the stream, I have the
Experience necessary you have to get your dick punched off by a gorilla
You don't have time to focus on running a campaign right now
Is are we still doing that? Yeah, I think next week
supposedly Monday
Can we push it back because I didn't have time to
My iron underwear isn't in yet. You don't get to wear iron underwear
That's not a rule. No one said I couldn't
You really think you get to wear iron underwear. You should punch in the dick
You didn't say I couldn't cover the dick with iron underwear
The gorilla's punch is too strong. It would just flatten the iron. It'll just concave the iron into your pelvis
Squishing your penis into a mess like a pizza
Like a big messy pizza splatting on a sidewalk of the gorilla's fist
It was rip off dick. No, it was a punch. It was punching the dick
When do you want to get your dick punched off? No one said it's off for sure
There's this I could we do it maybe next friday you're you're equivocating
You're already going back on when you said you'd do it. Can we just check a calendar?
I just I gotta prepare a little bit
Come on
Come on mom donnie. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Can you
Intercede here. Can I get a pardon mom donnie isn't mayor of where we are
But he's so popular mom donnie. I'm sorry if I endorse you I take it back
You're it you already are going back on it. I fully thrive full-protein indoors you please give me
Give me a mayorial
Pardon for the penis punch
Why wouldn't mom donnie be able to do that because you're I admit it you're really popular everybody likes you
Please I don't want to get my penis punched. It's already been punched enough
I can't take any more punches. Why has it been punched?
um, let's do it
Let's do it the ninth
Let's do it the ninth
friday the ninth
Why don't we just do
Tuesday the 13th
So brixie said I heard by grand chrome a reverse pardon
So now he is to get his dick punched off twice
Come on
You do my voice. Yeah, that's you. That's you saying come on come on
Punch off my penis
Okay, your impression's getting better, but it's still not good. Oh really it's not good. Come on
Get my penis punched please
That's not you're missing the you're not getting the quite the flavor of it
Hey, I'd like my penis punched into peaches
Please punch my penis. Okay
It's cool. It's it's just off in a way that I don't like
Well, that's how your penis is gonna be too
Boom it's getting blasted
That's that can we be out of time we are out of time you're fucking out of time for real you're done
You're goddamn done
That's it guys I won you saw it you saw it happen
Live I'll fucking crushed him
We got a couple comments. I'm gonna hit the button while we go out here
Remember crumb still owes us points for stealing them twice. That's a great point. How are you gonna make that up to him?
You got a second penis. You can get punched off because I doubt that
Can case and much punch crumb in the dick too. I mean, I don't want to get down there
But I will take a pneumatic like fist and operate it
Anyway, we'll see you soon. There's more stuff coming up probably whatever. Bye. Bye
And I just realized I have to talk a little Tommy big law
I've got to talk a little Tommy big law
Do I have to do that? Is that actually required? I mean, I've looked at me already paid already paid. He's already been wrecking up minutes
Oh, yeah, he bills by the minute. Yeah, he does
Goddamn it
Um, what I have to talk to him about
What was the request
Are we owed legal compensation because of the thing I showed chat?
You guys are being crazy
Stop being crazy about it
All right, I'm Tommy big laws here. Oh, well, what the fuck? I sorry. I didn't have time to save today
I'm Tommy big law. This is upsetting. What's upsetting that I've been being billed. Okay. Well, look, I'm a big
I'm a big time
Like I'll buy big power book. I don't have time for this. What?
Look give the people the money
Give the people the money get the pizza to buy my money. You're my lawyer
I need you to defend me here. I got today today. I will pull my second hat a will as big Tommy prosecutor
That's what you're you have an alter ego. Yeah, my alter ego is big Tommy prosecute
Big ol big ol Tommy prosecuted but boy big ol Tommy prosecutor boy. Don't just will put what I say
You went big trouble, mister
For what you showed the video a dominion making comes
The minion there was no comes. He was making comes. You're not young man. You're not allowed to talk like that
I will talk however. Why please in this court will you're not in a courtroom. You're in my satellite room
We go we speaking
Any way did I pee as a court will
says what
big law
I won't play anywhere. Why please
The objection objection objection
What objection?
Over who?
So, what am I? Oh
10
10 what 10
6 7
16 was 16 wars. You are 16 war
Laws
Yeah
What does that mean
$40,000 what I don't have that while you should have thought of that before you show the minion making comes
16 laws laws works out to $40,000
That's what you owe me for being here today
I'm wasting my time like this with your complaints. Just accept the punishment. I've judged you with powers. What I've judged you with powers
I I'm the war
All right
judge
Do we
What check you should know
What what check you should know what what seclusioner?
I don't have time for this
I expect to check
Check your neck
Bye-bye
Can I get a while? Can I get a um my big milk?
Gotta help myself to the big milk before I go don't touch that. That's not milk
What is it?
Just don't even touch it. All right, whatever
I can't I'm gonna have to consult a different lawyer
I have to get a lawyer to defend me against my lawyer because I don't have 40k
I'm just gonna send it to brennan while I try to sort the situation out and then we're gonna call it a day
It's game time
Oh, hey, hi, hello
We're playing games today, um it's game time
We leave the party don't get me started. Don't make me get out of character that looks like
Today we're playing
Mom
Stop it
Brandon, your lawyer called
He sent you 10 for his legal fee
10 what?
What?
10 what?
Do you want 10 wet gutters wings?
Does he want sloppy chicken tomato fries?
Ask him if he wants 10 sloppy chicken tomato fries
Or does he want sloppy chicken tomato waffle fries? Does he want the baked fry ziti?
Because I don't know if they offer that anymore
Maybe the dry wet ziti
From gutters brick what I'll be using any imported beef only 3d printed beef
I'm also having on good authority brick. That's fine
The case asked me to read a correction
They will not be punching crumbs dig up on the knife. They're gonna have to do it on the fourth case
We'll be out of town
for almost two weeks
from the
8th
to the 17th
Doing life stuff
In thailand or something he's going to thailand. He says
He's trying to he's wanted to flex on me like I care where he goes
He'll be in thailand from the 8th from the 8th to the 17th and he says he's not streaming
Brandy do you have 16,000 wasps? I might need a lawyer after what I did to bk
Look my mom and I don't always agree, but
You need to pick a side. Okay. That's part of life
Like pick a side. Do you like gooders? Do you like burger king? You can't like both?
I mean, I've had both
but
Now I've picked a side
Today we're playing journey home. I don't know what that is mom. What?
Can I just start something please?
Um, I don't know what you're talking about as usual. Oh shit my headphones. Oh fuck it all broke everything broke
Honestly, why can't video games just all use a keyboard?
I'm tired of having to plug controllers in it so much work
Gooders just dropped their potato turducken. It's three kinds of wet potatoes wrapped in a $20 bill
Oh potato turducken. I always thought like a turducken. Could you use more potato?
As long as there's chives and sour cream
I'm assuming they layer that in pretty thick
Because I do want chives and sour cream on my potato turducken
Personally, I've heard that they bake it in a huge potato and then there's another hidden potato all the way inside
Anyway, look, this is a game. We're playing it. Okay
The fuck is this?
What I don't know what you're talking about. Um, I'm ready. I've always been ready. What the hell is happening?
Oh, I'm like a wet guy
Oh, shit. I got birthed. I'm a middle-aged white woman brandy. What did you expect my reaction to be to the?
Manoing
What? Oh, what the hell? Oh, did he just release?
Uh, okay. I'm a pretty I'm a pretty sparkle
Oh, great. I died. I died and now I'm a sparkle
The story of my life
I literally like I don't even care about money. That's how much I make. Oh shit. What the hell is this?
What do you want from me gaping hole? Can I go in you? Nope
What is happening here? Oh, I got eight. I got eight up
I'm gonna fish now
I sort of got fully swallowed there. Sorry
No, I just started
chose what
To like live inside it that you'd return someday
EDM concert background. What's happening? This is the story of how everything that came before
It's the story of how a simple man became skrillex
We are the best of stream team
I'm helping it already here. Mom. I can't even hear you. This game is so loud
And there's so many colors. I'm like too overwhelmed
I've got a spine made out of of colorful dots
Oh, I'm like an old guy. I'm like egon spangler or something
Bow with the bar to bang to bang diggy diggy diggy said the boogie says up drop the boogie
Get ready
Mom, you're kind of like ruining the vibe. There's like spiritual stuff happening or something
I'm two different versions of egon spangler at once
I'm like Kirk Douglas. I think or something like that brick. I can't hear you
Sorry, I'm just turning it down a little bit for you guys on your behalf
Xander, thank you so much for the 45 months
It's actually like pretty cool. I don't say that lightly like I actually I think most things are really awful
And they're bad and I like to say that but that's good
Um, okay. Oh shit. This guy's got moves. Look at this
He just slapped into that tree
Who's gonna twist an ankle like that?
Okay
This is how old guys get in shape. You have to go to the forest and like have a speed request
How do we challenge the boat? This is where my even acid tripping is
Maybe you were having a sensory
Maybe you're having a little time dilation. You just saw this game in the future
Okay, take it to the Matthews bridge. Thank you for the follow bromapar
I jumped
Get low get low, but oh, I killed his ass
I guess you can die in the afterlife. Whoops
Oh
Okay, nevermind you can't
Boom check this out. I'm so good
Jump you can duck duck
Mom I already heard someone see that it's stealing other people's acid trips. Did I do it?
Oh, I did do it. Okay. I was extra slow mo
Oh my god
This guy's pretty good at this guy's pretty good at vine riding
It's like an old skateboarder or something. I guess
What the hell
That's a good question. I don't think case even realized there were a bunch of them
Because he like isn't a gamer like me
That's a good point that there definitely are
My guess is the first one
But I'm sure he could be convinced to play basically any of them. I killed him. Oh, no, he's fine. What's over here?
Sonic it's sonic has been different ever since he became a bookish man in his um late 50s
It's been a different vibe for sure, but you know, I like it. I still think he's actually kind of hot. Um, okay
Because he's in a sweater. I mean
Fuck. Oh, I'm supposed to be hitting a new button
shit
How how did he survive that?
What does that do for me? I don't understand. I don't really understand what that does
Can I go up there? Oh
Okay, it makes his back light up. Give me to a limo biscuit concert
I want to see west borland do his solo from shotgun in person
I'm playing the journey home
I don't really oh my god. I did not mean to do that. Um, I don't really understand
What it is or what I'm doing
But I am playing it. Oh wait, did these line up?
With what's over there? I guess they do. Okay
So it's like a puzzle. I guess I did it. Welcome to new afterlife wet for days. We have the wets
Push it open, man
I'm pretty confused. I apparently am as well wake me up from this
What the I just jumped so high. Did you see what's the fuck last place? I had some special grant
Is there more I'm should I be hitting more varied buttons or something? Oh, no, no, no, no, no
God, why does he jump like that?
Oh, he's torturing me. What am I not understanding that I'm supposed to understand
Super mario 3 what makes you think you can beat this fever dream?
Look, this one's more about vibes than um
fast twitch muscle reflexes
Uh, ever since I had that pinky injury because
my pinky got caught
in a uh
Hooters supreme chicken feet heat up burritos plus
When I had to be surgically extracted my fast twitch muscles haven't been as like solid as they used to be
Is this like the end of the demo?
Is that what's happened here?
Close encounters of the third kind again in there know that
Maybe is there like a different way I can go
Maybe I just need to run back this way
Yeah, look, maybe just got to go somewhere else. I think this guy hurt his legs
Okay, maybe I need to look at his little dance here. I can make him dance
Hey, can you do stuff for me? Oh, okay
I did it
Look, I don't really get what I did still but I did do it somehow. It was probably easy
But I'm realizing it was probably easy
And it's like that I can make him prance. Look at him prance
It's actually faster to prance. You have to do a frame perfect movement to make him prance and it is slightly faster
Okay
I want to go see Muse with Reverie Wolfe next time. I want to go see Boar with Pastor Joe before they die
But have fun at Muse
Does Muse also wear big outfits? Do they wear like crazy outfits?
Do they wear like big prosthetic monster outfits?
Because that's a little I don't like that that much actually makes me think of being in a big outfit and makes me feel hot and uncomfortable
I like to be sort of in a 20 square foot room
Only it's kind of my natural environment outside of that. I don't feel very comfortable
What the hell does happen there? It's good. Dude's got hidden powers like floating. Look at that. He just floated up that
Prance my man prance
Yes
Look at him. He can kind of dance
This guy's got fucking moves actually. Oh, whoa
I didn't do it right. I I did press the button. It told me to but I would I did it wrong
It's time to prance
Prance prance prance
I'm holding it
Oh, you have to press it twice
That time I had to press it once the other time I had to press it twice
This kind of reminds me of twin sins odyssey if anyone's ever played that and that's high praise honestly
fly
Fly I say
We never stop flying with a bug
Okay, what happened there
Yeah, that this section is flappy bird
Which I didn't realize somehow I flappy bird myself into a wall
Yes flappy my bird
That'd be nice. It's flappy bird. Oh, shit. I flappied my bird into a wall
This is advanced flappy bird soul flappy bird
Flappy soul
Bring it. I don't care about plot so much like I mostly am here for the gameplay
And like flappy bird is strong gameplay
Brando we got to go see idols next time they come into town
I want to rock out to gift course
Then we got to go see the horse movie directed by noted lesbian Fiona nova
Oh, I've heard that she's good in horse as a director
I heard she's a good director in the movie horse. Uh, okay. I did it. I fucking crushed that
I'm pretty good at flappy bird. So that makes sense
Like I don't really like like um
That they're trying to make me feel things with like the look and then and the noises and the music and stuff
I do like flappy bird. So so far into this
I also heard she was good in lesbianism
Oh, I found a bird in a brain
Oh shit, this bird's freaking out
Oh, he's having a headache because of the bird in his brain
Oh, what? Oh, no, he's in the desert now
That's why you shouldn't touch your brain bird probably
Oh, good. He's in recovery now. He's seeing forests
Did I get younger? Did I get a little thicker? I feel like this guy's body shape just changed
Now he's a young middle-aged man. Oh god
Everything moves faster than everything, but there's no urgency everything does
Okay
Of what settles in she slips through the creek. I guess he's got a girlfriend and she's in space or something
And she's fast. That's what I'm picking up from this
Oh, shit. I'm going into an eyeball again
I hate it when I have to go into an eyeball
Yeah, and I I'm pretty mad that I had to leave it like I've stayed in it ever since
Oh, great. I've got to go meet a girl. They're so needy
Thank you for playing continue your journey later this year
The journey home is made with love by a two person team if you enjoyed your time with walter
Be in the world with us if you added your game to your steam wish list
I don't believe in wishes. I believe in
buying
Okay
So just I will I'll buy it though
But like you shouldn't count on wishes. You should count on money. Okay
Wish for more genies. Oh, I would add that to a wish list actually
Okay, good job journey home. I don't think I think I think he died in the end. Fortunately. I don't think he made it
But I
I think it's because I beat it too fast actually
I didn't get the good ending. I was going for a speed beat
I beat it. You guys I literally beat a game. You can't deny that I beat that
I got to the credit screen
You have a genie mom
So you have to share that
It's
You're being an abusive parent if you don't give me one wish
I'm your beautiful son
Okay, let's see who's on
Let's find someone to raid
I really have a pink ring
um
for
Uh kitten poppers
The new moist kitten poppers at um at gutters, of course
It doesn't have an actual cat in it
They're called kitten poppers because they're shaped like a cat because they have two candy corns sticking out of the
fried husk that it's in
I think they do it for halloween
raid case blackwell case blackwell's on
I don't really
I don't like I don't vibe with him personally
Why did I ever give birth to you? Fuck my life
Mom I can hear you
Okay, I don't know if you know that
So
All right, let's raid um
Let's read denny plots
Case will be back on friday
Maybe I will
Maybe
If you guys are lucky if you behave
which
Like it also depends like
my mom has um
herniated disc
That's a new item. They're selling at gutters
Um, she got like a she part of her emerald club subscription to gutters
She gets to try their new dishes first and they're selling something called the herniated cheese disc
And I'm curious I do I I want to try it, but it is experimental
So it might I might be laid up for a few days, but case will be on on friday
When we playing jake and dumpster
I mean I've been at so many times like it's a classic but like I've
eaten it, you know
Anyway, say hi to denny for me
He seems like a nice guy. Say hi to him for me. Jk. Love you brand brand
prank ya
That is pretty good prank
That is pretty good mom because I thought for a second you despised everything about me
And like I am essentially a source of pure regret for you
But that would be crazy because I like
I'm fucking crushing it. Um, okay
Anyway, have a great rest of your wednesday. We'll see you friday or we'll see you tomorrow for the patreon is what case would say
But I'm brandon so fuck that
Okay, bye, how do I end this how do I end the stream mom? I need to end the stream
You can raid my channel at brandon's mom.com
Slash gooters. It's a household name
They're gonna sue you if you're not careful
Because they're very litigious with the gooters name. Okay