So everybody
I'm not sure why that's popping off like that. That might happen every time I switch scenes today
Just a heads up on that
I thought somebody was salt burning. It's possible
Chip SCT. Thanks for the follow. I think we had a sub or two during the pre-stream also. Thank you so much
To tamtran as always and big J. Dub for the dub with the sub
Thank you all. Let me open up chat where I like it right down the barrel of
the lens
There you guys
Gonna see everybody
I'm just doing a quick stream of news because you might have noticed our very own Fiona Nova is in fact
Doing a 12-hour stream get over there if you haven't already we're gonna be joining her shortly. Oh my god
Tamtran's dropping the 10
Immediately Pepito is gonna be joining fee whether she likes it or not as soon as we hit that goal
Card King to see a gun junk dog gearless Joe and no mad. Good to see an entity. Always good to see you
Good to see everybody plop dumps
of course
One second while I just double check a little technical issue
I don't want to add so much lotion to this stream stream that it's an all-lotion stream
So, let me just fix that potentially
oh
My god, I see what happened. Okay, and just like that. We're back, baby
We out here a very dyslexic of you case happy to be here chip it's CST
TSC
If I'm feeling dyslexic, I'm gonna see you card King Hugh Keeler
I already said plop dumps, but I'll say it again
It will moisturize your insides. Well, I just want to be able to trigger it at will
I mean, it's not like I don't want to add lotion. I just want to know when I'm adding it
Technically now I'm adding it to chat. All of you are getting
motioned
Does your skin feel good?
Okay, let's feel like an hour of news and then let's support our Fiona Nova's in her space quest
Exactly free spa day card game. You've been hooked up by me
What's going on in the world today?
What news did I queue up?
Pope Francis says sexual pleasure is a gift from God. I
Mean, I never I never thought that wasn't the case, but I'm glad that Pope Francis is finally getting on the van with
The Pope is right. I mean I'm inclined to think
That he is and this might be an agreeable story today because I'm joined by Chet to cover this important
Declaration from a religious figure
So let's see how Chet's doing today Chet. Thank you for joining me as always
Yes, I was about to say as always well I was here. Yeah
Does the Pope endorse prostate stem how into the weeds is he getting here?
I don't know. We have to read the story. Well, look I am a man of God and
Jesus
And in a way, I believe that every religion is one in the same Jesus and all of them
Should be sex positive because Jesus was I mean you saw him up there. He was fucking swole
He's putting it out there. He's showing off on the cross. I mean, yeah, you don't it's like he was training for a role
I mean he had the abs. It's like he was in a Marvel movie like the dude was
You know sex appeal was a part of it. I'm not sure if that's
Was what he was going for I
Mean, you don't understand working out
So I understand that you don't understand that he was trying to put it put out a vibe and he succeeded
The pope's finally catching up and that's a relief. Let me get this story queued up gosh dang it
How can these things never just fucking work in the way I want? There it is a little fixie do
Yeah
And now I'm a newsman
Pope Francis says sexual pleasure is a gift from God by Laura Gazi credits to the BBC
Credit all credit to the BBC for this sex story. You know what I mean
Pope Francis who's 87 has been the head of the Catholic Church since 2013
Pope Francis has said that sexual pleasure is a gift from God that should be
Disciplined with patience
You discipline your gifts if they misbehave
What kind of gifts are you getting the kind I have to occasionally
Discipline he also warned against pornography, which he said brought satisfaction. Where'd the fuck?
He also warned against pornography, which he said brought satisfaction without relationship and could lead to addiction
His Vatican address was part of a series of sermons of vices and virtues focused on what the Pope called the
Demound of lust
He killer asked what about those monster dildos is God cool with those?
and
How monstrous?
God can contains a you know an
Infinity of all things, so I'm assuming he could absolutely hand or handle the thickest of insertion or she or
The CV loves you. Thank you so much. I think the jury's out
I'm not familiar with Leviticus or lasciviousness
Whatever book of the Bible covers
specific fetishes
I'm not that verse in the Bible either, but I don't well
It depends what you're into
Anyway, the jury's out, but probably got to handle any size you've got
Also a huge shout out to those of you dropping those hot
Subbies I know this story is getting sexy and it makes you want to pull out the subs and I'm in full support of that
Thank you to CV loves you and dad lamp recon the daddy of the pecans archangel 713 for the 12 months
All of you and the little hypey train that's going. Oh, there's a hype train
Okay, but can we talk about the sex thing?
We can but I have to play the hype train music at the very least if we're gonna do that. Just I got to find it
But now they won't take this story seriously
Can't help it if a hype train shows up
You're lucky I don't make you into the hype train you cannot transform me into a train. I am a man
At least turn it down slightly. All right, of course what part of our top story there is currently a hype train happening
And this for you again is sponsored by BBC
It was followed by criticisms about conservative Catholics. This is so distracted
Followed by criticism about conservative Catholics of his new head of doctrine
Cardinal Victor Manuel Fernandez. He was appointed last July came under fire for a book
He wrote and published in late 1990s entitled mysticale Passione
Spirituality and sensuality the book which is now out of print discussed human sexuality
and provided detailed descriptions of male and female
Experiences during or chasm speaking to catholic online publication crooks
Cardinal Fernandez said he wrote the book when he was still young and he certainly would not write it now. I
Guess he's fucking taste calm down
We can hear the hype train and be serious at the same time
I mean, I have that level of commitment to the news cases over here. Just fucking vibe it out
But I'm actually taking this shit seriously good. You're calming down
You know, a card King says y'all know the only sin in Sodom and Gomorrah was that they didn't acknowledge God. Oh
Shit, they're working with fucking map hacks, dude. They're turning on the mods. They're like, I'm fucking crack the system
You can actually be as horny and crazy as you want if you fucking bless up afterwards
I'll praise be in his name now. Let's stuff these fucking holes. I mean, I'm in favor. I know you won't
Matt Pats
That's just a game here. I know that's a real ass game theory
Bless up to God every time you fucking get it in or get it put in you or you know, whatever
Conservative commenters have called the book perverse with one saying it showed Cardinal Fernandez was unfit to be perfect for the
Dicastery
He's called the Dicastery
Yeah, yeah, that's right. That's right. Yeah, I just read it for the the Dicastery for the doctrine of the faith the pope had
Already tackled the vice of gluttoning last week. There's no suggestion that his sermon on lust during Wednesday's general audience. Hello, chandel
General audience was related to the criticism of the Cardinal
Why would they why would they try to to take the sex out of the Dicastery?
I just don't understand. Also the hype train completed at level four
The train that we were running on this story just pounding this story into the ground. It hit a four
It's a respectable train
Nice
Lorraine a bob at the dick the Dicastery
I mean you might have to if they're becoming anti-sex which is against the will of God as it is a gift that he bestowed upon to us
To get it in and get it put in
then I
Think that it's a false covenant that is being celebrated by demons
anti-sex demons
Anti-sex demons the church has been taken over by anti-sex demons except the Pope who seems chill
Anyway, this fucking loser said that lust devastates relationships between people adding that daily news is enough to document
This is a reality. How many relationships that started out in the best way have ever become
But that's me
Anti-sex demons
Don't let them encase they'll pervert your holy dirty mind. I
Thought I'm I don't I think you got it backwards for traditional religion. They don't like sex
You that well see and now you're succumbing to stereotypes
Stereotype is that really religious people are anti-sex and they don't even want you to use
Provolactics because all sperm is sacred, but really if you just fucking bless up the God
You can shoot the thickest ropes you want anywhere you want
And you just got to pray over those ropes and wherever they're in wherever they're on and it's all good in the face of God
Chat I think I think you're gonna offend some people if you keep talking like this
No, I'm blessing up afterwards praise be his name
Can I get an amen in the face of God?
Blast that amen and in the face of God. Oh, okay. Yeah, exactly
We'll get to this expert after I get through this important story
This is a news institution and I will deliver the news on to you like I'm a sermon from the mountain with the book of
Moses that was written in rock and his commandments shall be let chit fucking cook on this story
Hmm sticky ropes exactly, but bless up if they stick
Consecrate the landing area
How many relationships that started out the best way have later become toxic relationships?
Yes, this is not the first time Pope Francis or Cardinal Fernandez have drawn the ire of
conservative members of the Catholic community
I know plenty of Catholics in December Cardinal Fernandez introduced by text later approved by Pope Francis
Detailing guidelines allowing priests to bless same-sex couple relationships were still considered simple
So he's on that he's fucking
He's elevated his
He's becoming a modern man and a modern Pope
Wait, which person was doing that?
Pope Francis, he's letting this he's letting us be same-sex. Oh
I'm glad we have his permission and it's important to get
Although Cardinal Fernandez did emphasize that the stance did not validate the status of same-sex couples in the eyes of the Catholic Church
For many conservatives the damage was done. Oh, well as long as
You still get to feel guilty because that's an important part of it, too
What you mean Catholic guilt? Yeah, that's like a huge thing. So they can say like it's chill
But do still feel bad feel bad every day and we do
because again bless up
Until Trump declares himself the new Pope. Oh shit. Can he do that? I mean he could do that. I don't think that means he is
He's declared himself president and that now seems like he's gonna be I
Guess it's not impossible. You know at this point. I shouldn't say it's impossible that Trump becomes Pope
I was wrong that he could become president. I might be hopefully I'm wrong that he's gonna become one again. Oh
boy
President Trump Pope
How much doesn't that give him extra powers can't he turn like
Stakes into
Like Trump steaks into Trump planes or some shit. That's his Pope power turning steaks into planes. I
Don't know. He turns gold into a golf course
I don't I don't think that's a Pope power. You don't know you're not him or the Pope
Oh
Fuck Cardinal Gerhard Mahler, who was the church's head of doctrine under Pope Benedict?
It's hilarious because they're against it they're against dick
But it's in their names and in their institutions. It's already inside them. It's true
The dick does already inside them and there's no stopping it
Anyway, mr. Dick's firmly denounced the Vatican's document in a lengthy response posted online Cardinal
How do you pronounce the two dots over the you?
Mueller
That doesn't sound right
Millie said that a priest blessing a homosexual union would be committing a secularism bless famous at
Trump steaks on a plane if he puts the steaks on a plane and then the steaks become a plane
It's a danger to the planes all of them at once
Chet, what are you imagining here?
He's leans over one of his Trump steaks and he chants by the power of Pope God
Become a plane and then it just boom it like a like a big expanding like in the Godzilla movie when they blow up the
What the flotation devices on Godzilla the steaks like food and it's a plane and if that happens on a plane
Which he's on all the time because he's doing he's making big money president moves
Then your plane explodes into a plane
And what happens to the people on the first plane none of that is a concern none of that is ever gonna happen shut you don't know that
You are scaring me chat card King. I'm scared
And I'm trying to calm down by thinking about the Pope having sex, but so far it's just confusing me
Sacrilegious and blasphemous acts. That's what we're talking about according to the criterion collection of these types of blessings
One could even bless an abortion clinic or a mafia group Cardinal
Mulia he said
Prolates around the world are also release statements also release statements
condemning the discussion
Including American conservatives who have been vocal opposing the Pope's planes plans plans
True blue 91ers. Thank you so much for this sub. I am freaking out. I
Fucking losing my cool, and I know that's a little not newsy enough
But sometimes the news is be scared cuz this shit
Well to be fair the story is not a lot. It's just the Pope making a pretty mild statement about sex. I
Think you're hyping it up and driving yourself a little crazy chat
I'm being gas
Fit
Yes, pit. I'm being gas pitted by you. You mean gas lit. No gas pitted
It's when you have a feeling
And who the the guy you thought was your boy digs a fucking hole and then he kicks you into it and says your feelings
Don't matter. You've been gas pitted
Sounds a lot like gaslighting. No, it's a different even more macho version of gaslighting gaslighting macho
When it's being done to me
But it's even more macho when it's gas pitting which is exactly what's happening
Just seriously says what on the Pope's gift registry what's on the Pope's gifts registry. Is he getting married?
I don't think so. Maybe he just has maybe as a gift register because he's the Pope. I don't know chat
Well, the people want to know I don't think he has a permanent gift registry. What he wants is more money
Give the church more money. That's what they always want. Oh, okay. That's nice when you can just give cash
Because otherwise you got to like consider what they really I but then I guess that's the point of a gift registry
None of this has anything to do with the story
It does because it's happening during the story. Okay, whatever
Who have long been okay? The tensions reached a nay dear when the Pope evicted out spoken critic US cardinal Raymond
The Burke from his Vatican apartment and revoked his salary
That's the end of the story. Oh
Oh
Well, that's it. It was a sad ending for
Raymond the Burke. Why'd they even do that? Oh, cuz he was uh, huh?
Well, but Burke was too anti-sex and the Pope said we fucking around here get the fuck out
Yeah, I don't know I'm surprised. It's just feels like the story kind of ended mid-sentence, but oh
Shit, we got stuff to get to you got to talk to a sexual demon and then somebody's got a sing about it or something
Yes, that's accurate
Well, thanks for your coverage, but stay calm shut I it's not that serious. It's just the Pope
Trying to be more forward thinking by saying sex is fine that incredibly
You know progressive statement
Just at the end of the stream poor for four and I will for four all your pores like I'm a skiing expert
Thanks for being here check and my pleasure as well because of what is required of the coverage and which has been done
And well though the story ended with the failure of Raymond
Everybody loves Raymond's failure because of the sex that he was not having but I'll tell you what's really fucked not being informed
but now you is meaning you're unfucked but that you do fuck and that I'm chet and
And much like God insert your loving to me at any size because I'll take it all
Straight to the face bless up to the face of God and cover it with your love and of which was chet
Now on to thee is the religion of the news which was done. Amen. Oops. Yeah
This is the body of Christ
The body of of chat compels you
Um anti-sex demons is who is it who I need to talk to? I
Don't know what demons are even around the studio today. There's usually a couple
Let's see
What anti-sex demons I can find on short notice
Papito we got any anti-sex anti-sex demons ready to go. Don't do my life
Yes
You found one that fast. I looked at the sky and I said
And then it even showed up
You know sexes
Okay, well, that's sexually fine by me. I'm not gonna tell you
I don't want to know and I wouldn't even if you told me cuz I'm a dog
But you well the chat is saying that you fuck. Oh, thanks. Is that good?
Yeah in that context. Yeah, if I fuck you mean love my mommy for being a good mom. I
Don't mean that that's sweet, but stop saying that
Thanks for the follow mystery
Yo jumbo the don't worry. Papito's just confused. Yeah, Papito's in the mills. Mom's I love Fiona
Actually, how did you know that what that acronym meant if you can't read and you don't know what sex is?
I just go off instinct again. I am a dog
Well, thanks for getting a sex demon short notice and I guess let's check in with them
From the seventh layer of hell
Please welcome I
Guess it's just a I guess it's just a sex demon. That's correct
I am indeed a demon of sexual nature
Anti-sex nature actually don't like it. You do look like a sex demon. No, but I but don't is my thing
Stop fucking
More toes
It's well, what don't you like about sex so dirty. It's filthy all those parts rubbing together
Sounds like you like it, which you are a demon so that kind of makes sense
I'm literally the demon of anti-sex. I
Think about how not to do it all the time
That certain parts not fit together. Maybe something's too big to even do it
Huge
pulsing out labious
incapable of
quite as
Huge pulsing labious
Just parts big wet parts that should never stop it
You're getting way too turned on immediately to even have a conversation
Okay, how did you become the anti-sex demon? I fucked so much that I got bored
I was like you guys are still doing that
Not me. I'm kind of next level you sound insanely horny though
What the I actually what I do now is I knit
I'm the deeming of anti-sex and knitting because
Imagine how much you could get done if think of all the times you spent masturbating and fucking and trying to fuck
And trying to masturbate if you're super stuck and if you just spent that time learning a skill you could code
You could knit you probably have a garden and um
You don't miss busting
Busting makes me feel bad
You don't miss busting at all. It sounds like you miss it a lot. I don't miss it. Oh, yeah
What? That's um, that's my catchphrase
Yeah, are you just our demons are tricky or just are you trying to trick me?
You're are you actually the horniest demon ever and you definitely fuck. No, I
Think Eric Harkus you walked into he's misrepresenting me. I'm an anti-sex demon
Any other questions? Does chat have any questions for this anti-sex demon? I'm sorry. He's
Not he's not I mean, I don't know what I expected
Don't you think sex is healthy? Why did why do we even have sexual organs? It's necessary for reproduction
The continuance of the human race. Yeah, but I want that to stop obviously stop existing humans. It's not work
You've seen enough. You don't have to keep going
Cut it out. Just come down here
You're gonna end up here anyway. Let's get it over with. Let's move it along
Come burn in the internal fires of hell get whipped get your skin scraped get fucked. I'm sorry. Don't get fucked. Oops. I mean don't
What would he do with an old priest and a young priest
Yeah, what's the age differential over 18 at least no, yeah, of course
Of course and 70. Oh
That's a big differential. That's really bad
So they shouldn't have sex
Okay, are you pro-abortion? No, you should never get to the point where you have one
so I'm pro
abstinence and
if there's a baby then
The important thing is that it grows up and doesn't have sex
She just curse I curse with my mind
All right
Have you ever had the body of Christ?
That's the ultimate no, no, I mean
these off-limits
Strictly forbidden
don't
Don't
So sweaty up there with those abs just these for it's for your he's doing it for your sins
Don't add more sins that'll be up there longer
Up there just baking in the sun with that body
Jesus Jesus Christ, um, I think I'd one more question
Have you met Liliana? Oh, of course. Okay. Um, well anyway, it's sex demon anti
I just it's confusing because it mostly seems like you explicitly want to have sex
No
It took you way too long to answer auntie sex demon
demon
Are you like what?
Your voice got so high
Got excited. Um, okay. Well, anyway, it seems like you're I was gonna say kind of copying drag culture. No, this is my look first
How old are you at least 50?
All right, whatever. Thanks for being here anti sex demon
I don't think I don't think we learned much but that was never an expectation
So I appreciate it and I appreciate you. I mean, you've really been following my teachings for a long time never fucking totally unfuckable and
Really following this unstraightened arrow of demonic anti-sex by just never getting it
Never gonna get it never gonna get it
Never gonna fuck he doesn't this guy
I never ask
Okay, see you later. I'd have I got it sing about the news
And then I got to play lethal company like other guys that have sex a lot
I'm a sex guy. That's on the I'm on the record is being an notorious sex guy. Let's see what else
Let's see what else is going on in the news before we join Fiona. Is she playing yet?
Let me double-check that she's playing
Oh, she's in there
Oh
Where she's about to play
Hey, I miss you as a gun
Good to see everybody in chat
We're keeping the news section of the stream a little a little shorter today because Fiona's playing 12 hours a lethal company
And I at least want to I want to start her off right with a powerful quota
With which with my skills. I can easily deliver as a guy who fucks I lethal company is nothing to me
Exactly
Anyway, we got a sing first. We were there was a quest for DJ music. So we'll send it over there
for him to
What else is going on in the world today? Anybody has a story they want new to see covered musically?
Let DJ music know the request came in from
Dilemma so dilemma if in particular if you had a story you wanted covered by DJ music
Just let us know. I also got an exciting new toy, but it don't have the cords it needs yet
I even show you guys this
Check this out
It says it says zoom
V3
Meaning I can I can make the vocal effects even more annoying
Once I get the cord, but for now
Hmm
You're debating putting bid on for your parents. It's a preachy. I don't know, you know back when um, I
Was in my sketch group cigarette sandwich who I'm actually gonna start doing stuff with again for online stuff in the next couple weeks
Not a stream thing stuff for YouTube
Anyway, when I was doing stuff with that sketch group
We put out that power half hour thing and it had like a little following in Chicago and a couple people that really liked it
so one of my improv students once came up to me and was like
You know, I didn't have anything my girlfriend's parents came over and I I wasn't sure how to like keep them entertained
So I put on your power half hour. I was like, ooh, that sounds like a bad idea
And he's like it was she broke up with me
After her parents left she broke up with me
Because she said she just wasn't feeling it
so I
Like to know that that I have that power that my content has the power to break up relationships
That let's be real they weren't meant to be if they couldn't survive my content. I am the anti-sex team and it was secretly
I
Do I have to say I would never put on anything I've made
To I don't know entertain the parents of someone I was dating. I do think that's on that person
But I am a little responsible to oopsie. Okay, let's send it over to DJ music to
Do whatever that do whatever that music
And if you have a story why don't recover throw it in chat. All right
That's a good job because you did the right thing and you called for DJ music
The best job of all yeah, my hair's looking a little too normal. There we go. That's how I like that
This is a good look right here
Put the hair down today. I'm looking like a blue hair Justin Bieber, man. It's a this is a powerful DJ music look
all right
Let's see
You just forgot to show them the rat stuff. That's possible
Turn this down just a little bit my dad watched a few episodes of a with yes, he likes alarm charms. There you go. That's a win
Just checking if there's any story you want to see covered musically today, and it's not don't even stress
Don't even stray. Yes
okay
Justin Bieber trap remix. I don't know if there's any Bieber news even going on in the world today
What's that little guy up to?
Sorry, I need my lasers there there they are now. I'm feeling music
All right, what else is cooking in the world of important news man charged to 600k worth of drugs
After Lego sees by police. Oh my god
Okay, this is interesting
Well
Interesting is a subjective term
This is a thing
Let's see what's going on. Let me update this little let me update this guy
Hmm hot fresh news about incest coming down the news pipeline
Let's get it. I want a sexy on an R&B beat
I want some R&B
Give me some R&B, please
If we're gonna talk about
The sensual side of things
Aka
What is incest then I need a sexy I need a sexy track
All right, let's get into this folks. This is courtesy of tower beats the song song smooth dark type sensual beat
I love to credit my the artist that I sample will call it sampling
Hmm turn that up for me turn that way up. Oh, yeah
What's going on Kentucky Republicans?
Sounds like you're feeling a little lonely out there. Maybe you're dating options are kind of limited
Everybody deserves just a little bit of that loving
What's a little love between first cousin?
We're pushing we hop and we hop and we hop and we into something
Republicans what you're starting a
Kentucky Republican introduce some legislation that would amend the state's law
A new sensations a person who has sex with their first cousin is no longer in trouble for a little cousin loving
No longer criminally liable
When the passions become an undeniable
Before withdrawing and claiming an error was made
No shade
Get laid house bill
269 never seen a bill looking so fine
That bill was trying to get it done coming in from representative
introduced
January 16
Bill looking first cousin clean
A 27 year old public defender
He grabbed that bill and said look here big spenders first shot to prominence when he won the
And he's a survivor a sexual non-denier. You know that he finds his cousin
He pushes it higher and higher him and his first cousin between the sheets
They say to each other this is way too discreet
Let's take this shit straight to see an end and put it in baby coming in from first both ends
Damn
Look is that the kind of love we support here?
I'm the DJ on musically do we news at least support light incest
You know I love love, but that's a bit of a test
There's a lot of the fish in the sea, so where's the fishy for me?
Do I need it to be my first cousin?
exactly
DJ music says
Probably not but also why I hate to see a bit of love stop
So let's take a look at that family tree and if the roots diverge
Then get it in bed saying if they're not that related. I don't know. Maybe it's
Maybe it's not that big of a deal
hmm
But how related our first cousins I honestly don't I don't know is that fully related?
It sounds the first makes me think it's like as related as it gets without it being your straight sibling
Can you hear from case's first cousin?
Yeah, let's see how cases first cousin is doing
Let me find cases first cousin really quick and we'll just see
If they've got anything to add to this important story
Please welcome to the stage at this time
Coming in straight from Roanoke, Virginia and or Michigan wherever cases extended family is
He's not just any cousin
Yo, I'm coming in. I'm waiting for the drop
Coming in for the drop first cousin. No stop first coming coming through
First cousin what it do first cousin here for you
My name is Chase
Coming into this place. I'm that number one cousin. So I never been disgraced
Plus two God above number one cousin meaning that's it's all love
I didn't see the rest of this segment cuz I was walking up
But I'm that first cousin dropping first coming love of course
To get case to my place. I say come over cousin. Let's have a little cousin fun
And we gonna be best cousins by the time I'm done coming. I'm hard for Virginia
So you know as a cousin that I'm in here for one cousin ain't that something love it with my number one cousin
So just to be clear you didn't see the segment at all
Can you clarify what you mean by love?
Yeah, man, it's all love between family man. Family is everything and
You gotta you gotta support your brothers. You gotta support your sisters. You gotta support your cousin and
Sometimes it's easy to lose track of people man
You know your cousin moves to LA you never see each other anymore and used to be close like this you go like
You bathe together his babies. What you're so close to these little babies. You bathe together nude in the bath man like
You're like this. It's all love. So why deny that love?
keeping contact with your cousin cuz
Because it's all love cuz
It's all love cuz because it's cousin love
And if your cousins in love, why would you deny that love cousins coming from above to drop that cousin love?
Well, I am in support of love and it's not entirely clear what you mean. So
Okay
I mean that my love my one cousin loves me
And I love him cousin Lee
Her name was chase chasing that number one spot first cousin. This track is longer than I expected
Nice and it's almost done. It's all my
Okay, well
Maybe we just don't invite cases extended family even though it is all sorry. It's all love. It's all love
We don't judge
You know, I think it's time for some lethal company. What do you say?
Fiona zone
Fiona zone
Get a lethal with that cream
Yeah, bring in the dream drop a lethal company cream
What happened gonna go get that neck snapping
Gonna look for a bracket
Goku slapping pulling up that fucking steam
So I can unleash a little lethal company cream
Thank you all of course for hanging out for the news section of this stream
But case I'm gonna switch it over now and then attempt to get into Fiona's game
Which might take a minute
In fact, I'll just hang out while
Hang out while I see where they're at in that process
I also probably need to set up a computer so candle play me DJ
Gonna go to cases apartment and set up lethal company for candle
The news was extremely horny today
But sometimes the news is horny and that's our top story
I mean you really can't help it sometimes the news
Go get him tiger. Oh my god, he's got to update ten of his apps case has ten apps to update
From the Thunder store
What's in store?
Just a little bit more
Soft-core or maybe cousin core. Oh, the mind's alive. It's time to get inside
We need an F. I'm to trip, but we're gonna send you straight to a ship
Let's check it with you on a stream real quick. How far are they from?
Being in space. Oh
My god, what's even happening right now?
I cannot tell what's oh, she's on a she's not just on a foggy planet. Okay
Looks like he should be good to join in a few minutes
All the penis stories to be found this week. We're about the eunuch wait. There's a eunuch trial
What a incredible day for day for news we should have done more stories
But we've got to get on this spaceship the spaceship straight to love
feeding the tentacle of
Make a quota love
Can't deny that scrap when you hit it from the back fire exit
The game is not lunch
There we go now. It's now. It's lunch
Spaceship straight to your cousin's heart the most forbidden spaceship of all
From the planet cousin in a galactic cousin lovin
All right, let me stop these tracks
There we go enough R&B enough weird horny incest R&B for the day, I guess
All right, it's time to switch this stream over to lethal time. I
Hope she has late company installed or we're gonna get blue ball
And I'll have to give Fiona Nova the it call. All right. We fucking did it
We did a quick stream, but it's time for a little little company
Don't mean to brag and you know that I don't boast, but I and join in a crew
I don't even host because
It's lethal company 12 hours it never ends so we gonna join the crew
From me to you, we got some scrap to collect so it's time to come through
Okay, we did it. The music is done
I'm a hobby into the sun. Oh, maybe I'll collect so my scrap
I don't when I'm done that you'll have to take my name to DJ music Titan, okay?
I cannot seem to join the game yet, but I am gonna switch it over anyway
Because I'm just delaying the game at this point
Thanks again, we'll be back in two seconds or the stream will crash in which case we'll be back in in more seconds than that
All right. Bye. Bye y'all
Here we go