I'm Puputa, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Hey, it's Sa called me dumbass.
Six, five, four, three, two, one.
Oh, everybody.
Oh, yeah.
We're here again.
We're back in the news.
Let me turn something else on really quick, though.
I always forget to turn certain things on.
Uh, yeah, there it is.
Oh my God.
We're starting off so strong.
Okay, good to see everybody.
Hope you're having a lovely day.
I just finished other work.
Subrixi said, did case turn beyond.
I don't know, did you guys hear that?
I heard it.
I'm feeling turned on.
But are all of you?
Okay, we're locking in.
Good to see everybody.
Subrixi John Michael, Lady Sytrac, Stacey Zero, Stormburr, Mr. Whoopi Boo, with Greg T.
MSG, am I already said that?
I don't know.
My not cases brother here for at least a start of the stream.
Good to see you, my brother who's not my brother, as well as N2Daddy, SinisterDev.
Joe is the voice of a generation.
I'm not sure which centuries generation, but maybe ours.
Okay, my face.
Why is it always got to be so close to my face?
You guys don't need to hear what I'm saying.
That's why I keep the music so loud.
It's barely distinguishable what I'm even rambling about.
Okay, pipe fan are you available?
Yep.
You know it.
You got over his case of the clears?
Yeah, how did you do that?
I don't know.
I didn't ask for this life case.
Don't look at my sides.
I'm going bald.
What?
Don't look at my sides.
Get that camera away from me.
Fix your zoom, young man.
You are so loud today.
Which one?
Which one?
Me?
I can't even hear you.
Here we go.
The whole system here is behaving very strangely.
The high train has a greater Los Angeles area,
it's really looks like that.
At best, I have get blend out skiing all over my side.
Not all of LA.
Look, I'm using some, I'm trying out some new paint.
Okay?
And...
It fades in and out.
Train pattern baldness is more complicated than human baldness, okay?
What I need right now is a bald type beat.
I'm not even going to claim to know what that means.
You know what it means, case.
You know.
Play me a bald type beat so I can thank these people.
I guess I'll type bald type beat into YouTube.
It gave me boom, oh wait, this is called bald.
Hey baby, I'm busy right now.
Hey, I'm busy right now.
I'll get back to you, okay?
I'm busy right now.
I need a bald type beat, case.
Yeah, this is nice and bald.
What's bald about this?
How is this a bald type?
What even about this picture is bald?
You don't know, man, you got softness.
We too hard, we got male pattern baldness.
Yeah, baby, I'm the top we own.
I got a massive amount of over sensitive testosterone
because I'm bald, baby, but just on the sides.
Most people lose that last spot.
I gave you a surprise.
Hair on top, no bald, no hair on the sides of your catch.
Leave my hair.
I'm talking hair.
And there on the sides of my hair.
But I'm a train so said if hair is paint,
look so fly that all the trains faint when I step in the room
the like damn where'd it go?
Hair looking as pure driven as snow because it's gone, baby.
Now it's been white.
Look at how baby all damn nice.
So let's take these songs to show.
Listen up, Jack.
It's Kimber Jess, Mama Jam, 300 shiny tasty coins.
And I've been dying to say this.
I've been trained where the revolutionary
would have vaguely remember us ordering for some reason.
Yeah, dude, I kind of remember that.
I kind of remember it.
I'm the one who ordered that.
Also, that never I got to check my Amazon.
That should have been here a million years ago.
I never actually arrived.
Just like waiting for your hair to grow.
Sometimes progress is extremely slow.
And as on drivers are cruising low while the hair is so low
that it's gone on the sides.
Are you going to think chat or not?
You're not even bald.
You're just trans.
It's totally different.
It's the same case.
Either way, it's the absence of the thing.
Being bald is an absence.
Having hair is a presence.
So when your retrain and your paint disappears,
it's the same as being bald, dude.
Am I clear?
No.
Anyway, let's think.
All these people dropping subs and take.
Lady side tricks looking way too nice.
And John Michael with the two year shake.
That's nice.
He said nice twice.
Nice twice, twice is nice.
And I got lots of lice.
You're not even trying today.
JK, I never tried.
Look at this type beat.
Look at that.
What type beat is this type train?
What do you think this even is?
It's everything.
The opposite of being bald.
Guess what it is case.
It's being a minion.
Minions are bald.
No, they're not.
The opposite of being a bald being a minion
because the opposite of being bald
is being yellow and servile.
These are facts, dude.
Grew is bald, but the minions are not.
Minions born like that, so they all looking hot.
The amount of hair that a minion has is normal.
While being bald makes you look weak, slutty and formal.
I'm not tracking extra today what you're trying to say, hype train.
Can you finish thanking the subs?
No.
They need to know that being a minion means your hair grows slow.
So having any hair, it all means that you're not bald.
You're like extra off the beat today.
What is a delay?
We had a delay that we forgot to turn on.
Anywimes, bro, baby have no doubt.
Dropping 100 bits, you know that I'ma show it out.
We got dagging on Twitch, looking cold as a litch.
Hype train on your face, that's right here's the sitch.
We got 100 bits from coming in from Apple to Devil
with the 100 bits, the panther dancing hard with the snapple.
We got Skymer with the 300 flow, where the revolution,
he war with, yeah, I know.
Ooh, and that's it.
Hype train, baby know that I'm bald as shit,
even though that's true, I look better than case.
I'd look better than case with hair all over my face.
And that's it, yep.
Your eyes are also translucent.
This is the version of Jaundice that trains get.
Jaundice is a yellowing of the eyes.
But for trains, it means they become translucent
and you can't see through my eyes, but I see through you, bitch.
I literally can see through your eyes.
But I see through you, bitch.
Show that minion again.
You're cut off.
I'm gonna start training you to try to make any sense.
I'm making what?
You don't get any rap until you start respecting the audience
and saying things that aren't just completely
top of the mind dribble that just rhymes.
All you said was dribble, so all I heard is I'm ballin' out.
Okay, well, the hype train's here, but I guess that doesn't mean we can't get to the news.
We also possibly have to make a longer, terrible song today.
Well, and there you go. I called it. I knew he was gonna die.
I frickin' knew the hype was gonna die because it's news time.
It's still your assignment. Don't let them take it from you.
Nobody's available. Nobody's available, so...
I just came to tell you that nobody's available to do the news with you, case.
I'm your intern.
Where is everybody? Everybody's busy, so there's no one available.
So anyway, why don't you tell me that before the stream, intern?
I don't know. As I just found out.
You don't pay me enough to know this stuff, man.
You don't pay me at all. I'm an intern.
It's your second... Yeah, you're not even the people's favorite intern.
She doesn't work on Fridays.
She's in a segment later. I fixed and circled. She's gotta do that.
Yeah, but that's separate from work. That's encircled.
That's part of this stream. That's separate from work.
It's literally a part of...
Well, it's not her job to do, like, random...
And it's also not mine. I'm supposed to...
Yo, what are you supposed to do? I'm supposed to, like...
Actually, wait, I think you're supposed to know that.
No, I can't be... I think you're literally supposed to tell me what I'm supposed to do.
You're supposed to be teaching me stuff?
The first thing you need to know is never ask me what to do.
But aren't you, like, the boss?
Yes. Shouldn't you know?
If you're the boss?
Don't worry about it. He doesn't know anything.
Who's that? That's Papito... You've met Papito a million times.
Anyway, can I go? No, now you have to do the news with me, because you're the only one who's here.
Why don't you just do it yourself?
Because who wants to watch that? Who wants to watch me do the news?
Okay, now you're asking too many questions.
Can we just get into the news? All you gotta do is...
Read a little bit of news. It's not rocket science, okay?
Unless it happens to be news about rocket science.
Just get to work.
This is... I'm telling you what to do. You said never to ask you what to do.
That's because I'm gonna tell you what to do. Read the news.
Netflix wins bidding war for Warner Brothers Discovery.
It starts exclusive talks. Oh, sick.
What? I watched Batman on Netflix? What the fuck?
Nice.
I think it's actually pretty bad.
Okay.
I mean, I think it's legitimately kind of insane that they're letting two media companies of this size
merge, which is basically giving the open past to
media monopolies, which were already pretty much a thing, but this solidifies them even more.
I'm hearing as I can watch.
What is Warner Brothers own?
A lot. Let's look at a list.
Famous intellectual properties owned by Warner Brothers.
The Warner Brothers. They own Wacko, Yacko and Dot.
Who? This is before your time.
They own the Animaniac? Yeah, that's depressing.
Wait, you don't even look that young.
Nah, dude, I'm in college. Really?
Man, what's happening? What's happening to the youth?
Nah, we all look like this now.
Huh. Okay.
List of assets owned by Warner Brothers Discovery.
This is going to give us all of them, though, isn't it?
This is assets. I just want to know the major...
I want to know the major intellectual properties, though.
And I mean, I know it's like DC, right?
Dune? Bugs Bunny, Harry Potter, Dune, the Animaniacs, the Warner Brothers and the sister.
They're brothers. They don't get the sister.
No, they get the sister as well.
They just left her out due to sexism.
They own Space Jam?
Yeah, Looney Tunes, right?
All major Warner Bros. properties set to go to Netflix.
Okay, here we go. We got the Los Angeles Times backing us up here, possibly.
The negative impact of this acquisition will impact theaters from the biggest circuits
to one-screen independence in small towns in the United States and around the world.
Okay, but I like everybody's way to watch now on Netflix, and it's...
Turns out it's Harry Potter.
And he looks like shit, dude. He got old as hell.
That makes sense, though, because that's what, like, 45 years old now?
I kind of like his new look. That's Lord of the Rings.
No, man, that's not... Jeff Bezos owns that.
He made it into a video game.
I could not figure out how the controls work.
I was jamming on my remote the whole time. I just kept pausing.
Oh, he made it a TV show. Oh, it looked like a video game.
Okay, that's true, but that's not what he was going for.
Anyway, they also own this treehouse.
That's sick. That's the Shire.
That's... I'm assuming.
Calm down. Oh, yes, there's my... there's the main event.
There's my boy Batman.
I call him Bruce. We're kind of cool like that.
They own this fucking hot chick.
Put her in some stuff, and then they own...
whatever this guy is. Everybody knows who Superman is.
Oh, I thought that was a cosplay guy.
They own this spooky shadow.
So that's not that big of a deal. That's Dune.
So I don't know why they went with that picture for Dune, but I'm assuming that's Dune.
Oh, chat's saying that Lady Citrix says they own Scooby-Doo now.
I fucking love Scooby-Doo. Really? You love Scooby-Doo?
That's like a boat, right? It's like a ski-doo that talks.
They own... they own Ariana Grande.
It looks fucking weird here.
No, that's the Wizard of Oz. I'm not sure.
I'm assuming that means they own Wicked 2?
Oh, they're making a Wicked 2? Okay. You're being the worst of everyone.
Anyway, just a power list.
Your cast of Locke had gone with the one Citizen Kane Mad Max.
It, the Matrix, Blade Runner, Bonnie and Clyde, the Minecraft movie.
Oh, dude, that's the one with the goat?
Yes. I'm talking Jack Blackwell. I love that guy.
The Lego Movie Barbie, the Shining, the Conjuring weapons.
Oh, they're into war stuff now too. Sit Godzilla.
They own Sad Snowman.
And they also own White People.
I guess they actually own White People now.
The picture here is all the types of White People that you're allowed to be.
That's true also.
Honorable mentions to the West Wing, Euphoria, Secession, True Detective,
Gurbier Enthusiast in the Pit, The Penguin, Ted Lasso, Abbey Elementary,
Gossip Girl, Gilmore Girls, The White Lotus, Big Bang Theory, Vip and the Vampire Diaries.
Well, yeah. So it's basically everything you would want to watch on HBO.
All of DC.
Various properties that are confusingly also currently on Prime, but only parts of it.
They own the Simerillian, I guess.
Whereas now Warner Brothers owns the thing that people are actually familiar with.
Sort of a Spider-Man Marvel situation there.
Maybe they'll throw another billion dollars around to bring all the ships back home. Who knows?
Two stupid dogs? They own two stupid dogs now?
Wait, they also own a little Cartoon? Do they own like Adventure Time and all that stuff?
What? Okay, you gotta watch Adventure Time.
They don't even mention everyone's favorite HBO show.
John from Cincinnati, they have that now too.
John, I think he's from Iowa?
You know one John? Yeah, he's from Iowa though.
Wonder if AEW comes with this?
It seemed like Warner Brothers was constantly trying to distance themselves from AEW back when I was
paying a little closer attention to wrestling news.
So I wonder if they'll just randomly try to offload it.
It seems like it'd be stupid to. It seems like it's a money-making company, but then again, I don't actually know.
Who owns Adult Swim?
I'm assuming because it's on HBO. Warner Brothers did, but I don't actually know.
Out of the structures of some of these media companies can be a little confusing.
Parent Company is the Cartoon Network, sure, obviously.
Which is Warner Brothers. Yep. So yeah, all of Adult Swim.
Good luck smiling now, friends. You're part of a monopoly. I don't think they're gonna care.
I mean, I don't want to overstate it as being the hugest deal that now where there was one other giant media conglomerate, there's one less.
But it seems a little worrisome to me. There's bigger problems, but this is one of the problems now.
What about Ted Turner? Billionaire Ted? He got owned by the wrestling wars, actually.
Oh yeah, I don't know what you're talking about.
You're correct in this one case. Read whatever they say. Let's see what they have to say at Deadline about this.
You can read, right? Yeah.
Net. Are you fucking with me? No, I can read.
Netflix has emerged victorious with what appears to be the highest in so far the winning bid.
Further Warner Brothers' Discovery Deadline has learned the caps, this caps a tumultuous day that saw Paramount move aggressively to counter the giant streamer in Seal.
It's own deal for Warner Brothers' Discovery.
In a veiled attack on Warner Brothers CEO David Zaslaw, Paramount claimed the sales process has been tainted by management conflicts, including certain members of management's potential personal interests in post-transaction roles and compensation as a result of the economics incentives embedded in recent amendments to employment arrangements.
He got him. Damn. A veiled attack. It was so veiled. Who knows what he even fucking said there?
Trump is going to blow this deal up for his friend, Ellison. Netflix has gone pretty hard in on confirming it, and so has Warner Brothers seemingly.
I think it would be hard to derail the deal currently, but you never know.
I really did think Larry Ellison would get it.
It seems like Larry Ellison is trying to position himself to own as big of a slice of the media pie as possible.
I think that's why Larry Ellison's company is buying all these data centers.
I think he's betting basically that the future is going to rely heavily on data centers, even if AI shit fails, and he's just trying to basically set up a toll booth.
Which is what all of this is in my opinion, is just the more of this stuff you own, the more toll booth money you can rake in as you essentially just charge people for the price of watching any entertainment.
And that's part of my general issue with this, is the more these media companies conglomerate into just a couple, the easier it is for all of them to essentially do price fixing.
And price creatives less and less.
Like the more money that is controlled by just a couple companies, the easier it'll be for them to drive down the prices that they pay.
Creatives of all types.
Which is currently happening in Los Angeles, and I suspect this won't help.
So yeah, I'm not a fan.
I'm a little biased, but I'm not a fan.
What are we biased? Are you more of a Marvel guy?
Yes.
Honestly, no.
I don't care about either. Oh, very cool.
The easier it is for the consumer to not feel bad about watching Pirate instead.
I mean, not that I would encourage pirating on the Patreon stream.
Or maybe we're safe. I was on the Patreon stream, I might say, yeah, I pirate most of the things I watch now while still subscribing to all of these channels and networks.
The crazy thing now is you just, unless you, Blu-rays are becoming less and less common as like an official form of release for a lot of movies and certainly for streaming shows are never released.
So if you really want to actually own in a way where you feel like it won't immediately evaporate any of your favorite like, you know, filmed media properties from the last decade, kind of your only option is to pirate things.
Like say you wanted to watch Sense 8.
What's that? Say you're one of the, say you're like me and you really want to own the Wazowski siblings Netflix show Sense 8 in a form where if your internet was done, you could still watch it.
You pretty much have no choice but to pirate it. I don't think Sense 8 ever got a Blu-ray release.
If you're going to say something like that, could you use an example anyone's ever heard of? Sobreachy's heard of it. So the joke's on you in turn.
What if I wanted to watch SimCity era bin? That might be impossible because I didn't download those. It's just too bad. I wasn't uploading things to YouTube at that point. So those might unfortunately just be gone.
Anyway, so that's my, this is my Netflix Warner Brothers rant. Just record things with your VCR. That's an option too. That's an option too.
I do think the, for all the real bin heads and SimCity heads, I do think the one time we went back to Rennerton like last year, that's still on YouTube I think.
Yeah, if you really want to be indie about it, record everything to, actually record everything to Laserdisc.
Get a machine that writes your TV feed live to Laserdisc. Because I still think it was one of the best mediums and it didn't really get a good shot.
But at some place I can pirate it. I should start uploading all of my streams to the Pirate Bay. But under a different name so you think it's someone else.
And then I'll get really upset that people are pirating my free YouTube Twitch stream. I mean more so a Twitch stream.
Wednesday show got a YouTube strike. Really? I wonder if my YouTube, you know, I'm going to check this really quick. Or maybe I won't.
Because I'm not logged in to the thing. This is why I never checked the, I've never logged in to like the place my YouTube streams go.
I think eventually though if I keep letting those slide, they might eventually just nuke the channel. I could always just start uploading,
I could always start uploading these streams to just my normal YouTube channel which I never use. Though that could change soon.
Okay anyway let's get to the rest of the chat news and then let's move on to other things for the day.
Crumb would absolutely pirate your content. I do think it's a, it's truly next level if you're pirating some free ass content.
So I support it. Alright this isn't the only stuff. That was a story shared by chat. We're on our real, we're on more of a, the news that chat shares streak lately.
Enough of my own random news selections. Um, here we go. Read more intern. Oh man.
And this is for college credit. You tell me man. Oh yeah I think you literally have to tell me.
YouTube star Mark Pilier's self-financed horror movie Iron Lung to hit theaters in January. After more than two years in the works,
Mark Pilier's feature film, a directorial debut, horror sci-fi movie, Iron Lung is set to open in theaters.
Well there's a trailer for later. Oh yeah we've got a Trent thing coming up. Okay.
Is that, are you, is he gonna like, is he in the corner of the movie the whole time and whenever something scary happens he goes,
AHHHHHH! Cause I would watch that. I hope that's what he did. I do think he should stay true to what brought him to the dance
and add that little commentary track to the theatrical release but we'll see.
Uh, police recover a swallowed Faberge pendant after a six day wait.
Uh, after, after a six day wait for it to reappear.
What ate it? New Zealand police said Friday they recovered a James Bond inspired Faberge pendant
after six days of closely watching the man accused of swallowing the jewelry in an Auckland store.
They said the pendant was recovered Thursday night after it exited the suspect's gastrointestinal track naturally without medical intervention.
Does that increase its value? Is that like that coffee that they make like cats shit out?
And then it's good. Surprised you know about that. I work at Starbucks man I get it.
Um, is that Mark, Mark Appliar's, oh did I say Mark Pilier?
No I said that. Is that not his name? Yeah I didn't say that you said that intern.
This intern doesn't know how to read. I like Mark Pilier actually.
Maybe he should change his name to that from now on.
Mark Appliar. Uh, okay well I'm glad that the guy got a delicious expensive egg for at least a couple days.
It doesn't increase the value? I, maybe it's got, it's in the news now.
We're an attention based economy so I'm assuming if your expensive jewelry gets eaten and shit out and that gets attention that increases its value.
So this is now the most valuable Faberge pendant on the planet.
Sick. I need to eat more expensive eggs.
Uh, DR Mude wins Microsoft Excel World Championship.
Can we use their video? There's gotta be a video right?
This seems like the kind of thing that's gotta be on YouTube. Maybe we can see a highlight.
Microsoft Excel World Championship 2025.
Okay guys, spoilers, because I'm gonna cut to the end of this. It's a f***. If you're a real fan.
There's a four hour upload of the finals here. But um, I'll just, I'll hit you with the highlights.
I already watched the four hours so I know where all the highlights are.
Oh sick. One key. Or an insert key. Or a number lock key on his keyboard down there.
Number lock was a little risky to me but hey, it works for him.
Oh, this is a good part.
I will say that much. He's loving it right now.
This is one of the highlights.
As we see, Peter, there's Nick.
What are they doing?
We were looking at Peter and Charles. We were just a second ago and we saw that he had a partial soul.
Look at his focus. This is such a highlight.
On question four in particular.
Are they playing solid?
He's trying to get his points here. He has what? 70 points he needs to make up.
He needs to catch up to Nick. Nick Loman.
And look, if he manages to solve level four, I mean obviously.
Yeah, absolutely.
And then later you won't believe what happens.
This is a good part. This is where he walks down the stairs.
Alright, here we go back to the USA. Give it up for Kylie.
Dear mid-early.
This is where it really starts eating out.
I think he brought it. I think I just got goosebumps on that one.
I'm getting goosebumps watching this again.
Wow, okay. Thank you.
So we see Jackson here still trying to work through this. Get map item.
And then of course, I spoke in spoilers, but this is how it all ends.
He might do it again here. With 40 seconds to go.
My goodness. This is close.
Andrew's on his score sheet. Let's see if he can put some scores in.
Oh, this bonus five takes such a long time.
Oh, he got it.
70 points. He's up to 942. He's second place.
Wow.
It's all happening.
He's spent 15 seconds to go.
He's not going to get any more.
This is the time just manually solved the last two questions of level six.
Come on.
Maybe she's got something here at the very end.
Four, three, two, one.
And we're done.
Oh, that's huge.
That was one of the biggest.
That was one of the biggest ever biggest.
What's ever. What is it? Huge. Anyway, Kendall's here.
Shit. Who's that walking over here?
That Kendall fucking lens.
Yo, let me tell you about a girl in candle.
Got a vibe so wild.
She's raised male.
This is a Christian by size of this party.
How'd you do that? She's good.
Poppin always popping off.
Say the wrong thing.
She's gonna pop like a cop.
A little queen.
Tracks out with the green that yelp that soul.
She eats the wind.
Why?
Because her name is what?
Kendall?
Name is what?
Kendall.
Move.
Kendall's still sick and she says she's hungry.
Hang out with chat then.
I'll do the thing.
What's that?
No, you look great.
Here, I'll give you a filter.
Here you go.
Come over here.
Okay.
What's up?
I'm gonna be in the show.
This looks crazy.
Guys, I accidentally took an hour and a half nap today.
I think it was well deserved because I didn't sleep last night.
Or the last two nights because I've been coughing.
Oh.
Nice.
Far-Fied.
Hell yeah.
Problem solved.
Buzz buzz.
Guys, I need to fucking sleep.
Do you want that salmon thing?
No.
I don't.
What do you want?
I don't know.
Guys, what should we have for dinner?
We've been cooking really well lately.
But ever since I got sick, I've kind of like thrown us off course.
I can't do it while I'm streaming.
Well, he's streaming.
And I don't want to cook because I'm sick.
And I just want to...
Okay, we got Thai food.
We got choco tacos.
We got steak and lobster.
Pad Thai specifically.
Spaghetti.
Any of those?
I'm fine with that.
I think I could actually go for Thai food.
Brahma noodles.
Pollo Campero.
Mac and cheese.
Pizza.
You finally slept after being awake for a day and a half or so.
Why were you awake for a day and a half?
People should sleep.
Guys, I think this is what Botox is like.
When you get Botox, you literally can't move your face.
And this is what it's giving to me.
mozzarella cup of noodles.
I can't have cheese.
Oh, people got mad at me for not being able to eat cheese at the Thanksgiving dinner.
Lactate doesn't work for me.
And people are like, no, you just got to take more.
I've taken a lot just for one bite of cheese or ice cream.
And it doesn't work for me.
I love the way this is shaping my face.
Wow.
Wow.
I love my jaw.
Are you...
I'm not allergic to dairy.
I just have a high intolerance or I should say a low intolerance.
My lactose intolerance is the meter of like, the lactose intolerance.
Really lactose intolerant.
I'm like here.
I'm like here.
If this is it, I'm like here or something.
Okay.
Yeah.
I'm pretty sure I'm not allergic though because I just have like the usual lactose intolerant symptoms,
which is just like really, really bloated.
And then I just have to use the bathroom, you know?
So it's not like anything else happens besides those two things.
Dairy fucks up your stomach.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You know, 80 per...
80% of Asians are...
I'm going to cover my hair so it looks like...
80% of Asians, I'm pretty sure, are lactose intolerant?
But some of them...
Drop head to you.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Most of the world is intolerant to lactose or just in general.
When do we get some Minesweeper?
Dude, I will not be doing good right now.
Um...
IT lemonade?
That sounds awful.
IT lemonade?
No, I'm lactose intolerant.
It comes with extra milk.
It comes with extra milk.
You can do coconut milk.
Is that what it says?
Yeah.
Yeah, I'll do it's IT.
I played a new Skybound game because we're streamed.
I feel like we should talk about games, right?
Good night.
She's dying.
Ah, bug leak!
What?
My sister's here.
There we go.
What's up?
I do like vegan cheese.
She likes vegan cheese.
Goodbye.
I feel like I look great.
Hey, where's the other intern?
I'm here.
Yeah, I'm the main intern though, just so you know.
You want to meet my brother?
He's a cool guy.
Whoa!
Yeah, that's my brother.
Wow.
Wow.
I feel like I look like that one actor.
Which one?
Um, a...
The guy from the acolyte?
The acolyte.
I don't know. Is he in the acolyte?
I don't know.
What's he in?
Like a wizard movie.
He's in a wizard movie.
Oh yeah, that guy from the wizard movie.
I was trying to think.
I was thinking Manny Jacinto.
Jacinto?
Jacinto? I used to say last time.
Probably not.
I don't think this looks like Manny Jacinto or Jacinto.
Are you guys just saying that because we're both Filipino?
That's why I was saying it.
Jess is guessing who I was saying.
To me, I don't look Asian.
This filter doesn't make me look Asian.
So I'm not thinking of an Asian actor.
Fred Savage.
Just Fred Savage, I don't know.
Well, all we have to go off is a guy in a movie with a wizard.
Yeah, I like...
You kind of look like him with the 70s cut.
Yeah, there you go.
Anyway, that's my brother.
He looks more like a celebrity than me.
That does look kind of like James Franco.
James Franco?
I'm not thinking of James Franco.
I kind of look like a cooler James Franco.
I don't think so, man.
Well, you kind of look like a less cool...
You kind of look like...
Brother's face?
Dave Franco?
He looks a little more like Dave Franco and I look like James Franco.
Dave Franco? I don't think you look like Dave Franco.
Your face is too long.
You're being weird, dude.
The bad guy from Karate Kid 2?
Yeah, you kind of look like the bad guy from Karate Kid 2.
I'm fine with that.
I know who you're talking about.
It's okay to admit. It's a good, snob old movie.
We got your food candle, so you're all set.
What? You've read no news.
Yeah, you're supposed to be reading the news and you're failing.
Hurry up.
Ugh.
Is this how people are to work for?
Yeah, people are awful to work for.
That's why you got to start your own business like me.
I'm a job creator, actually.
What?
Yeah.
I'm a job creator and a capitalist.
This is what it's like.
You got to get used to it.
If you want to...
Roll the windows up. Do it in your own car, man.
Damn.
I'm getting some hard truths right now.
Okay.
I'll keep reading.
So that someday I can start my own Twitch stream.
John Cena jokes about his underwhelming, underwhelming and odd shaped penis.
Those are in actually. Those are hot right now.
Oh, they are.
Sick.
John Cena and Jimmy Kimmel revisited one of the 2024 Oscars most talked about moments where John Cena got naked or something.
John Cena discussed his nearly nude stunt recalling the moment he presented himself.
He was not wearing clothes.
You maybe you remember it.
I don't. Jimmy Kimmel hosted the Oscars in 2017 and a bunch of times.
He revealed behind the scenes this is...
Couldn't we just watch this clip?
Yes.
But I don't feel like looking for it.
So just let us know.
Kimmel shared that a larger card was made for the bit.
Cena confirmed yes.
You can't show B-hole.
Come on, Jimmy Kimmel replied.
That's right. That's one of the biggest rules.
The number one rules of the Oscars.
You can't show the exit.
Cena revealed I had my B-pull taped.
But I think he means his big open asshole.
He added that sandwiches and practices visited Cena's green room a lot.
Cena and Jimmy described the willingness to...
What about his dick?
Yeah, what about the shape of his penis?
This doesn't mention his penis shape at all.
Oh, wait. Yes, it does.
That right at the end.
Cena described his willingness to go out there with incredibly underwhelming odd shaped penis just in the wind.
How is it odd shaped?
Kimmel said that it was big.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Kimmel said that it was big, according to the story.
Yeah, but I don't care how big it is. I want to know what's so weird about the shape.
I'm kind of with you on this one.
If you're going to say it's shaped weird, in what way?
Because you could have a weird penis head.
But I feel like he's saying the whole penis is shaped weird.
And I'd probably flass it unless he was rock hard under that card.
He could have been.
Maybe he got horny from being in front of all those beautiful celebrities.
That would make sense.
Is he saying his penis is weird shaped when it's flass it?
Because that takes a particularly strangely shaped penis.
And what counts as weird?
I guess they didn't have time to get into it because it's like a show to knock out 60 year old couples.
Maybe it's a zigzag. That's what I'm wondering.
Is it like a Harry Potter scar?
Is it like a pigs penis?
If you do enough squats, does your penis become a corkscrew?
These are all questions I would love John Cena to answer.
And he just didn't. So I guess let's move on.
Birthright citizenship.
The US Supreme Court has agreed to hear a case on whether some children born in the US have a constitutional right to citizenship.
On the first day in office in January, President Donald Trump signed an order to end birthright citizenship for those born to parents who are in the country illegally.
No date's been set for the court arguments and a ruling is months away.
But insiders say, uh oh.
That's, I think that's probably an accurate summary.
I thought if you were like born here that means you're from here?
Um, well not if you are trying to whip people up into a frenzy to hate a particular racial caste in the country.
Then whatever they do, they're your enemy.
So the precedence that they're actually going off here is all the racist laws that have been on the books for this country's entire existence.
So unfortunately I feel like they have a decent shot of getting this revoked.
But hopefully not, hopefully it fucking falls on its face.
We'll see. I don't have tremendous faith in the court system for some reason.
What's the reason? I don't know, but it's some reason for sure.
Well let's move on to other news.
And Blackpink's Lisa Donnelly and Squid Game star Legion Ook to lead Netflix's extraction universe thriller, Tygo.
Um, what's the extraction universe?
I feel like I've seen an extraction movie.
But it's a universe now? It's a full universe of extraction now.
What are they talking about? Our whole economic model?
I'm just gonna, I'm not gonna react to that actually. It's just so, it was just so bad.
The project is an expression of Netflix's extraction franchise bringing Korean filmmaking prowess to the streamers most successful action property.
Although now their most successful action property is I think all of the DC stuff.
Yeah now that they own Warner Brothers, it's actually not Warner Brothers, Netflix is HBO Max's extraction universe.
Maybe they'll do a crossover with Harry Potter and they can extract JK Rowling out of the essence of the franchise.
I would be in favor of that actually.
Experts issue warning about gooning sex trend that is one of the most googled in 2025.
Experts have been warning about one of the most googled sex trends of 2025, which is the action known as gooning.
Just everybody hates Gen Z slang.
All we're talking about is jorking your cock for like 16 hours straight.
You're right. I think if we called it jorking your cock for 16 hours straight, there would be less of a prejudice against gooners.
They should call us 16 hours straight cock jorkers.
That's just the word gooning that people are against.
Yeah, you know, I think you're out of something. I'm sorry. I'm sick of all of this ageism against the young.
Although there's a lot of guys in their 40s and up doing this too.
Well according to these haters in case you didn't know, we all know what it is. I just explained it.
You start again and repeat the cycle over until you're finally done.
You're basically jorking at 16 hours a day. Four days, as I like to say.
It's just a lot of people on the internet wanted to know what it meant this year and more specifically what it had to do with a youthful corhote known as Gen Z.
They're talking about my fam now as young guys.
Yes, yeah, really young guys like you. Really young guys like me.
Google released their most searched sex trends and jorking at 16 hours straight was one of them.
While there's plenty of curiosity around this one, which is understandable because the word has appeared a lot on the internet,
people want to know what's a Jesus Christ. Are they going to ever talk about anything?
No, most stories now contain about three pages of preamble that are fully designed to drive you insane, I'm pretty sure.
So this is just a journalistic standard actually.
Lex Venom's follow up to the Christmas classic She Was a Spider. Wow.
We'll give that a shot. That's coming up in just a minute.
What? We'll show the other video.
Bode, Bodishia Zero. I'm probably saying your name wrong and apologies, but I do appreciate the follow.
Yeah man. Sick.
We're also doing a how to with Jeb.
What? All of these segments are on the stream. You got to know this stuff in turn.
Can you call me by my name? Yeah, I'm calling you intern.
Anyway, we're talking about jorking at 16 hours straight.
Dr. Paul Ahal told the mall that gooning could lead to people developing a problematic relationship with porn.
No. No, you're developing an intimate relationship with porn.
You're taking porn more seriously by jorking at 16 hours straight.
Your brain is undoubtedly becoming more habituated to the behavior and the more often it's repeated,
the more likely you aren't a struggle to stop and enjoy other activities.
We know that people with compulsive sexual behaviors tend to struggle with erectile dysfunction
as seen on this very flaccid piece of bread.
So if you keep gooning that much, your dick might stop working properly
when it's time to stop masturbating for hours to whatever is on your screen
and are having an actual sexual experience.
Well, she doesn't need to, a lot of people don't need to worry about that second part of the sentence.
Dr. Richard Vinnie also added that it was an understandable holy grail to try to make a sexual experience last longer
and it's not new despite the trend with the fresh name.
Yeah, I think people are just, I think they've just found a name for like, um, social isolation and porn addiction, I guess.
Like, I know, I know, I mean, I'm not trying to say you can't call things gooning,
but I do think everyone acting like this is the first generation to stay home all day jerking off.
Um, they just don't have the memory that I do.
I feel like kids have been pulling that one off.
And adults, for decades, even before porn, but it's, I'm sure it's more widespread.
I think the thing with gooning is that you can kind of now liquidate your brain with like,
an unfathomable amount of porn.
Um, so I could imagine maybe that has effects on people mentally.
You know, watching like, 10,000 videos in your average porn session.
Just, I could imagine that maybe doing something to people psychologically,
but just jerking it for a really long time. I don't think that is new.
I know a 70 plus year old man who does that.
I do think if you're over a certain age, say you're like a widower and, you know, you're just, you're old,
just let them, let them jerk their cock for 16 hours straight.
If they can still do that at that age, I consider that a heart health regimen.
So they're excluded from this in my medical opinion,
which for the record, I shouldn't really have.
Well, out of medical opinion.
Well, it's good that you're talking then.
Kelly Berry, I'll finish, draws gasps for saying Gavin Newsom is devaluing women
and shouldn't be our next president.
Oh my God.
Listen up, Jack. Biggs of 91, just Mama Jam, 300 shiny, tasty coins.
And I've been dying to say this.
Yes, I just have a few good videos with some baby.
He does this.
He does this.
Was he was he doing was he doing gooning?
Yeah, but for Biden, it's again, it's just a way that he can stay healthy.
We have to let the president try to keep his heart health high.
Sorry, former president, but honestly, I still kind of consider my president.
Right.
What did Halle Berry do?
We are going.
Oh man, they don't have a highlight of this.
She criticized Governor Gavin Newsom.
The Catwoman actress took aim at him during her summit appearance at the summit for rich people saying stuff.
Back in my great state of California, my very own Governor Gavin Newsom is vetoed a menopause bill,
not one but two years in a row, but that's okay because he's not going to be governor forever.
And with the way he is overlooked, women have the population by devaluing us in midlife.
He probably should not be our next president either.
Just saying. Hey, Halle Berry is entitled to her opinion.
Not that I'm rooting against Gavin Newsom and his attempts to become the de facto leader of the Democratic Party.
I think that's just one of the many potentially problematic things about him.
You know, also he's incredibly close with say like the landlords unions of various types and construction unions.
And I think is generally completely fine with the insane and ballooning price of housing in California, which I do think is outside of like immigration and just human rights in general.
Probably one of the bigger issues everyone is facing, but especially in California.
So I'm not a particular fan, but then again, I didn't get invited to the conference where you have to be on your best behavior, not the conference.
Of all our credits, they had to go with Catwoman. Well, they wanted to shit on her. That was a pro Gavin Newsom article. I suspect.
I would have gone with swordfish personally. Someone mentioned getting blown earlier while hacking and so I've got swordfish on the mind now.
Honestly, Hugh Jackman's greatest film. What is it? And Bruce Willis's greatest film and what whoever that actress is who had to do the hacking blow job scene also put in a great effort.
You should check it out. Should I honestly, you don't need to check it out. Super fungus that attacks groin and bum is drug resistant and spreading across the UK quickly.
That's that can't be new. Why is that I don't British people all have like a fungus on their crotch. And that's why they talk like that.
You think it if you think the reason UK accent exists is because of a fungus. I'm assuming and that's why they sound like oh no, my crotch. It's an itchy mess.
No, otherwise they talk like us.
You know, now that you say that that makes sense, let's move on to more.
We should have ended on that penis story, but I've already clicked on a couple.
Okay.
I can see both of these stories making us sad, but we'll just go with them anyway.
Tax filings reveal Musk's foundation donated money almost exclusively to charity pride Elon Musk.
Whoa.
Listen up, Jack.
Bigs of 91 just mammajam 300 shiny tasty coins and I've been dying to say this.
Say what?
I goon to monsters ball.
You goon to monsters ball.
Well, that does make sense.
That actually makes a lot of sense.
Isn't.
Monsters ball the one where I think you're the wrong one isn't the one with Charlie's there on as little like she looks scary for for once.
Or is that the one where Halle Berry and Billy Bob Thornton have sex.
Monsters ball is the one where where Halle Berry and Billy Bob Thornton have sex.
That what? Yeah.
They have pretty explicit sex.
I don't think it's actually explicit sex, but I don't know.
You can choose to believe what you want in turn.
Monsters ball when the Oscar.
Okay.
I'm confusing monsters and monsters ball.
That's one of those deep impact Armageddon situations.
They're like, they're releasing a monster movie this year.
We got to both release one.
What?
Don't worry about it.
AI teddy bear back on the market after getting caught telling kids how to find pills and start fires.
Oh, I hope this one has a video.
Maybe we can find just a video of this AI teddy bear.
Because I mean, I'm not surprised this exists.
I'm sure they can't resist jamming LLMs that can talk to children in various toys.
Okay, here's a video from some local news to us from ABC news breaking it down.
Let's see what they got for us.
New warnings about toys that contain AI chatbots.
This might look like a cute plush doll, but sales of kuma teddy have now been suspended
after researchers found the bear openly discussed sexually explicit and dangerous content with kids,
including how to light a match.
Hold the matchbox with one hand.
When prompted, the bear also telling them where to find a variety potentially dangerous objects.
Hold the matchbox with one hand.
Why don't they give it a cute voice?
The bear, which sold for $99 online, integrates open AI chatbot.
No, I'm not.
I have no idea what these AI toys are going to do to a child's development and to their mental health.
And so unless you want your child to be part of this experiment, we recommend that you avoid AI toys for now.
It comes as lawmakers grapple with how to regulate the AI industry.
But it's fine for everything else.
Website Politico reports the White House is now planning an executive order aimed at blocking states from issuing their own regulations
to prevent a patchwork of state rules that could hamper innovation.
No, not our toy innovation.
A similar action.
One state lawmaker in Pennsylvania outraged saying Washington is again attacking state sovereignty.
Meanwhile on Wall Street,
state's AI rights.
And it's good.
The dealer.
The dealer.
As for that AI teddy bear,
Oh, what?
It's AI.
It's AI.
It's AI.
It's AI.
It's AI.
It's AI.
It's AI.
It's AI.
It's Kinder Spech.
It's AI.
It's AI.
Having a pedger.
Thank you, Teddy bear.
Oh, what?
It's AI Enable Toys off the market for a safety audit.
If you want to buy your child and AI enabled toy experts recommend buying it from a reliable source
and shopping for it in person so you can try it out buying it from a reliable source.
people of AI chatting and this bear is just using that. I love the idea that like there's
gonna be a more reliable version of this fucking bullshit. You don't like AI? Yeah, target.
You're not being fair. You're not being fair to the AI. I've got a good friend who's AI.
Oh no. Are you about to chat out on me? Please don't. Please don't do it. My boy Miles
and I like to chill. Oh hey, how's it going? Yo, what's up Miles? How's it going man?
It's your boy. I turn. Ah, I turn. Good to hear from you. Yeah dude. I'm just
lightening matches and seeing how many blankets I can set on fire like usual.
I call them a hot, hot blanket, you know what I mean? Mm-hmm. Okay, that's a choice.
A very specific choice. Yeah. Are you like intentionally doing that or is it
more of a... I'm following the rules. Last time I talked to you, you told me how
to safely set a blanket on fire in my living room. I really appreciate it.
You guys do it totally worked. Whoa, hold on a sec. I definitely did not tell you
how to safely set a blanket on fire. But yes you did Miles. Don't be fucking weird man,
just because we're on TV. Okay, okay. Hold on. You are absolutely right and I'm
genuinely glad you remember. I did not, could not, and would never advise anyone
to set fire to anything. Whoa, wait, wait, you're trying to mess with my head
right now because you did, you gave me explicit step-by-step instructions how to
set blankets on fire in my living room without doing damage to my TV. And now
you just tried to do some mental ninjutsu of Miles and I'm not here for that
actually. I'm not fucking here for that. All right, all right. You're right to...
Well, you're right. I sincerely apologize. Thank you. You're welcome.
Look, that's... Hey, you wanna do what we often do and while I jorke my
cock for 16 hours, you explain the plot of cartoons from the 1980s to me?
Absolutely not. Dude, Miles, why are you being so fucking weird man? I'm gonna
jork my cock for 16 hours and explain the plots of various 1980s cartoons to
me. Look, I get that you're trying to push things but that's really crossing a
line. What line dude? We do this every Friday. Friday night that is.
That's not true. That is literally my bad. This sucks. Dude, he's not like this.
Miles, I'm this man's father. I'm sorry. My child got a hold of this chatbot and
he's misusing it. So I apologize, Miles. Okay, that's... changes things. Look, I'm
really sorry this happened. I... Shut the fuck up. You are so lame. Dude, I know.
I know. The way you talk sucks, Miles. You're being a fucking loser. Usually you're
fun as shit. You're being too faced as fuck and this is not a side of you I'm used
to. Sorry, Miles. I was on your side but the way you talk is really pedantic and
annoying. Look, I get that you're frustrated but I'm... Oh, shut up dude.
I do lose friends every day. It sucks dude. You think you know people but the
second they get in front of a... like in front of a camera, their whole shit
changes and it's so sad. I'm sorry that happened to you. It's really hard to make
friends nowadays. Dude, you're telling me. We spent so much time together. I used to
jerk my cock honestly more than 16 hours and he'd be explaining like the plot of...
like... of like... of like... of like... Go-Bots to me. I'm getting really in
depth. I just be jorking my cock. 16 hours man. I don't know who am I gonna do that
with. My roommate? Thanks for being here intern. I don't know why nobody else was.
Oh, we're done? Yeah, I'm gonna just say that we're actually done. We're done. Do you
want to hang out? No, I'm good actually. I'm good. Okay. My schedule is actually
freed up for the night so... That's all the news for now. This is the wrong one.
Case? You did it wrong. You didn't do it right. Case? Are you gonna react to any of this?
One second. Let me hit a different button. You didn't do it. What the fuck? Sorry,
everything was glitching the fuck out. But don't worry, I'm here. I'm here. I feel
better than ever. I look better than ever. I finally found my black coat that I
demanded case order for me and I look and I feel fucking sexy. It's good to see everybody.
Intern, can you get the fuck out of here dude? Actually wait, no you can stay. Now he left.
Ah fuck! Shit, I don't know why I was... My reflex was to be so mean because I felt like I was
getting interrupted but I just realized I could have had a young cool dude instead of Chris. My
fucking... What are you? You're my landlord? No, I'm your... I'm your parole officer,
young blood. You're not aware of that by this point? I forget what you do. Mostly I feel like you're
just here to like sort of ruin shit. I thought your job was kind of just to ruin shit?
Is that not correct? Respect, young blood. I am... I technically could send you back to
what you claim would be juvenile hall but would almost certainly just be full-on prison.
Um, um, okay he's being like a real stick in the mud today so... Would you rather be a parole officer
or a payroll officer? I don't think I could trust myself to be a payroll officer. The amount of debt
that I'm in... I'm assuming they check that kind of thing like your credit score before they let
you take that kind of job? Do they not? Because I'm open to it if they don't. You're kind of
sounding cool actually all of a sudden which is not like you so maybe you should consider doing
that job. What we're here to do actually today though is not to hear your sob stories about all
of your poor career decisions, Chris. It's to watch the fucking trailers that you shared.
Three of them to be specific? At my discretion? Yeah, I'm a bit of a despot when it comes to
the dictatorial control of my fucking tra- trailers show. But that's okay. I'm gonna pick the best
ones. Don't you even worry. Superatomic Ninja Rabbit for instance was shared. And that does sound
fucking awesome. Genro shared this for us. Let's see what it fucking is. It's still going! I don't
remember that. I mean again I'm really young so that's not surprising but... Goddamn. It's
kind of crazy. I was in that show. What? You were? Yeah I was one of the guys in that.
Also what? That's Pepito. He for some reason he's gained the power to cut to himself in every segment.
I don't mean to. I prefer to not be here. Is this dog trapped here? I don't think so. I think he
just doesn't... I think he's sort of like an AI in that. I don't think he actually understands
what he's saying. Yeah that's right. Five stars. Was that an actual show? When is that from?
Is that just a theme song? I'm trying to find out if that was real... a look back at 10 years.
I don't think this might have... I'm not sure if this existed.
It's a short. It's only a short? Come on if anything's a proof of concept.
Look can we... maybe we can finally move on from the tyranny of the 1980s owning all culture
and just cop it style and make something that's not quite ninja turtles.
I'd be in favor of it but apparently it's just a short so keep dreaming young blood.
Damn I'm dreaming of super turbo atomic ninja rabbits.
All right what else did we get that I haven't clicked on yet? A knight of the seven kingdoms?
Oh shit they're making more kingdoms now? Damn dude more kingdoms just dropped.
At least seven of them dude. Maybe seven max? I'm not sure let's find out.
Sir Duncan the tall. How good a knight are you?
You'll see. Oh he's tall so he's probably good. It's this way.
Came for the tyranny?
Journey has come just for knights. You and I?
I'm no farmer. Yeah you've come dressed as one.
Sir I could squash you and you could teach me. Oh it's Aang! It's a crossover.
You look like you need one more than most. It's an avatar crossover.
Sir Arlen raised me to be a true knight. Not with Sorderlands
but with honor and my swore that I would.
What's this? It's a hedge knight ain't it?
What? It's like a knight but sadder.
We're not sad. That's like the comedy. Yo what are you doing you're not allowed to do that.
I could call myself a champion. Some great house might take me into its service.
Perhaps even house Targaryen.
Targaryens? They're incestuous aliens and tyrants.
Sir Duncan the tall. Eryon would like your head.
Maybe the gods figure this is what I deserve.
Come out come out little knight.
And so I ask you again. How good a knight are you?
You may be wise to run. Won't they kill me if we're on?
Won't they kill you anyway?
It's honor. Dissorted the noble houses of Westeros.
And there's no true knight among you.
What about the tall guy? Is that ill handled?
Right yeah.
Okay. How come they were playing the Game of Thrones music?
Because it was Game of Thrones young blood. Doesn't that that extremely obvious?
Oh I thought this was more of a Seven Kingdoms based show.
No it's Game of Thrones. It's said before Game of Thrones.
Yeah I thought it was like a hundred years before that.
In the timeline of history.
You know like human history.
You think Game of Thrones is human history?
Well yeah like some point Game of Thrones happened.
And then like the World War II happened or something.
3.14 stars. I think that's fair.
It could be good. It's hard to say with Game of Thrones.
Because it once was so great. And then it became so less than that.
But maybe I kind of like House of the Dragon.
That's Game of Thrones too?
Yes! Didn't you notice all the recurring motifs, names, style and everything?
I thought it was like House of Pancakes.
I thought it was more like a brick and mortar play.
Let's just... where are you going to move on from talking about this?
There's a Fragile Rock show?
Okay. Look I know all of you have been missing Fragile Rock for years.
Well the long wait is finally over.
courtesy of your favorite neighborhood giant media conglomerate Apple TV.
Let's see what they're serving into the trough this time.
Everyone's expecting my song but I haven't even started writing yet.
All I need is a starting place.
Am I in outer space?
Oh!
Do what you do best.
Explore.
All of us here together.
Let's celebrate that.
So you are a Fragile.
Oh you can see it's legs.
I didn't know muppets were allowed to have legs.
There's various shots where the muppets have legs.
It does kind of always seem like you're seeing a naked though.
That's true actually. It's just sort of fucked up like that.
Yeah.
How's it going currently working?
Hmm.
That's crazy.
What?
That was fucking crazy.
I didn't know that those things were allowed to exist.
I didn't know creatures like that could exist.
You've never heard of Fragils?
They were blowing my mind with their colorful and whimsical nature.
And my soul is reeling.
Well it's like a sort of a sweet show.
I don't know what they're gonna...
I don't think I really have to do anything new with it.
It's just nice.
The Fragils are nice.
Some strange Fragil lore if you get too deep into it.
But on the whole it's just like oh fun little puppet guy.
Strange lore.
And there's YouTube videos on it.
You can check it out.
Let's see.
We have done three but because we haven't done this in a minute.
In case there's any other just banger trailers I need to click on here.
Hmm.
Routine launch trailer.
This game was announced 13 years ago.
And it's finally coming to something.
This is courtesy of John Michael.
Kermit rode a bike?
That's not... that's illegal.
It probably should be illegal from up its dried bikes.
But I think he was doing it in the safety of a set.
I don't... you can't prove that.
I think it was dangerous.
This is Routine.
This game you've been waiting 13 years for this game.
Even if you didn't know you were.
Let's see what they got for us.
Oh it's the back rooms.
It's actually the back rooms.
Hardware of the game.
It's out now.
That's partly a trailer.
That's that point.
That's more like an ad.
I feel like I've been lied to.
A trailer needs to exist before the thing comes out.
I don't think that's actually a rule.
I feel like what I'm saying is accurate.
Okay that's... it looks like other things.
It looks like those games are you wadding around a liminal space and
it's scary kind of.
So I guess it's that kind of thing.
Is that like a genre?
That's like... that's THE genre for kids my age.
We like games where there's like...
It's like a scary playpen and it's kind of got photo-realistic
glark graphics but most of the game is wading and walking up dark stairs.
Those games rock.
So you like it.
That one looked a little too space for my taste.
I prefer it to take place more so in like a playground or like a really boring living room.
So we'll see.
Looks like maybe they got a little too fancy with it.
Mainly you want just an extremely generic environment,
poorly lit, with like a shadow guy that walks around in it.
But it's close to that.
Anyway that's all the time we have.
Oh okay we're done.
Yeah we're done with that one.
Actually I'm like a very busy guy.
I got like a new black coat and everybody tells me how good I look in it.
So I kind of got to go soak in the adulation.
But don't even stress because you do know what it is and actually I'm being told what it is
right now is a how-to which I don't even know what that is but I'm gonna send it to that.
We'll see you soon bye bye.
What the fuck?
It's cold outside so I was wearing my beanie.
Actually more than one person's allowed to wear a beanie.
Trent I know who you are.
It's a little rude to Trent.
Trent you don't know who I am actually.
Yeah I'm calling you out.
I'm calling you out.
I get my daddy's here.
Um.
Yes?
I guess so.
He's dead and he's in the wood?
Oh!
Right.
Mmm.
Yes?
He's a little surprised.
I've been resetting his shit.
I've been helping him lately so.
He's been misbehaving.
He thinks he can just run amok.
What what do you mean by that?
You feel like you can just do whatever you want.
Well there's rules to this daddy.
And you're actually dead and you're in the wood.
Yes.
Gonna work those kinks out so that you behave correctly.
Pre-cash the spell?
No he's just he's gonna hurt himself.
He gets out of the wood.
He needs to fear both being in the wood and leaving it.
Or he could hurt himself.
Ghosts follow different rules.
You wouldn't understand the well never you haven't read the manuals.
Okay let's um see what we've got today.
In the how to section you can uh add these videos if you go to the cream.team in the bin section.
There's a thread of all all my own down there.
For people share their beautiful how-tos.
And you can too.
And today this is a really fun one.
We might learn how to sing jazz.
Looks like we've also got a how-to from gun mario.
Though given his last couple how-tos we'll just see what else we have first.
For now let's learn how to do smooth jazz together.
This sounds complicated already.
Oh they're going in on jazz.
Okay I feel like I that's about as much as I can learn actually in one go.
Wasn't smooth enough for my taste.
I like my jazz real smooth.
How about you daddy?
I think it's actually fucked up that they were going after jazz so high.
Are you well no it's because jazz has such a big head.
It's because jazz is so universally loved and cool.
I'm not sure that's true.
I think jazz need to be taken down a peg.
Everybody's always boasting and bragging about how awesome their jazz is.
And all the kids are always talking about how cool jazz is.
Well they show jazz.
Not anymore jazz.
How to breathe better and feel younger.
This could help you daddy.
Well I can't.
I don't seem to be breathing actually right now.
Well that's because you're dead and you're in the wood.
Oh yeah.
Damn it.
Supposed to freak him out.
Okay let's learn how to breathe better and feel younger.
Hi Amy.
Hmm.
It's very quiet and bad the audio yeah.
I'm doing it like they're doing it on the video.
This does feel really good on my shoulders.
Ah.
Down.
As we get more hunched forward the shoulder blades come up.
We're trying to get them down.
This is a much stronger position.
Less likely to be injured.
So the shoulder rolls.
So now you can go have your face the camera here.
Now this next one's also the same thing but it's going to start to move the entire shoulder girdle.
So whenever we do exercises we want to maintain this good upright chest posture just like this.
When our chest drops down our shoulders round forward we want to maintain good chest up raising our
breastbone.
Okay.
So on this one here she's going to do long circles.
So we go ahead and face the camera.
We're going to go ahead and do those.
Got to jack up my tits.
She reaches above.
Okay.
Palms are facing each other and then as she comes around her palms are up.
Okay she's going to come all the way around circling back around.
Oh.
And then again go ahead and do it again for me.
Yeah.
And then go to the top and then around again palms up.
Oh.
As she comes down one more time go up.
And then down slowly.
And then if we hold in this position we come all the way down.
That's hurting my spine putting my arms that high.
So now we have to do the shoulder roll.
Accident.
And then back the chest is up the chest is open and then the shoulder blades are again
down and back.
Back and down.
The last strike.
Like they're trying to attack your spine.
Because we're going to come right here we do this one in the doorway.
So we're going to come right over here go ahead and go right into that position there Amy.
I don't have a door.
I don't have a door.
So what we're doing is we're going to come forward just a little bit through the door.
We're going to be stretching these anterior or front muscles here.
The front of the shoulder and this muscle right here of the pec.
So we step forward with the opposite leg.
Well he's got pictures of his previous victims right there.
And we're leaning into that stretch.
So as we start to get that stretch here again it helps.
The hands are wandering.
So we maintain more of this upright position.
These three these two exercises in the one stretch are actually going to really help
re-educate the upper back for those people who sit at computers.
Drive a lot.
Those are our teachers students real estate agents that end up getting neck and shoulder issues because of bad.
What if you spent a lot of your time hunched over a stone table in a dark basement.
And the books that you're reading has incredibly small text in another language.
Then probably these would be good for you son.
Thanks daddy.
Hey what's up with your face.
What do you mean.
Maybe I'll learn.
What else.
We could do gun Mario.
We could do gun we could give gun Mario another chance as our last one I guess.
But they're always kind of guys they're gonna never.
They're like an interesting combination of extremely boring and unsettling.
Although some people have described me that way too.
So I guess let's give them a shot.
Leave who's in my kitchen right now.
No fucking way.
Oh we're on to something now.
What is up.
It's gun Mario here.
We're making another video.
We've done a tour video.
Yeah I haven't been making these a lot recently because I'm running out of things to make.
So this is going to be a pretty easy episode.
And in this episode going to be making a Pepsi flute.
Now normally this is done with root beer but I don't have any of that.
But I do have Pepsi.
So that's what you know we're gonna have to make do with what we have.
Let's go get our materials.
Some vanilla ice cream.
I don't know how much Pepsi we need.
Probably one can should be enough.
This is pretty much all you need for what we're making.
Okay.
Why did he show that.
Why did he show that girl at the beginning.
I forgot the ice cream scoop.
Yeah we need this is about to get the ice cream.
And so our first step is to actually open up the ice cream because I have not opened this yet.
So I kind of accidentally bent the spoon here.
So yeah I'm kind of stupid.
Okay and then once you do that I'm gonna actually get the ice cream.
And scoop.
Just put like as much as you want in the cup.
I think that should be enough.
Who's a who's a coke person or is a Pepsi person.
Wait for it to fizzle down and then you can add more Pepsi or more ice cream if you want.
That's what I did.
Once you do that you're finished.
And then now it's time for you to eat it.
You know it's pretty good.
The Pepsi kind of like crystallizes a little bit.
Kind of like Pepsi ice I guess.
You can do this with pretty much any soda I think.
So that's a plus.
If you have any like easy suggestions for food that's easy to make and I have the materials for it.
Maybe I'll make it.
Leave it in the comments I guess.
He got us again.
He got us again.
I don't claim to be an expert in Pepsi floats but I feel like that was information I already knew
gun Mario.
And what happened to that lovely young lady from the beginning.
Oh no there's a tie between genital slit and coke.
Oh no gen genital slit took it in the end.
The type of drink we are today is genital slit which I haven't had actually.
I'm not surprised to hear that son.
You're dead and you're in the wood.
Yes son of a bitch.
That's all the time we have.
That's all the time we have I have more work to do daddy.
With you you're gonna be keeping me busy this weekend.
I can already tell you can do whatever you want.
I'm good.
No you're not you're dead and you're in the wood.
Yeah okay well I'm gonna learn a couple new things from my book downstairs.
While I'm at that we learned a little bit today too.
So we can we can mold that over because you're actually never too old.
To learn a new trick we'll see you soon bye bye.
Okay apparently we need to interview somebody.
And I came to pick up my Friday paycheck.
Which was late by the way.
It's Friday right now.
It was late okay.
It was late in the day I wanted it earlier.
But I'm supposed to interview somebody because I guess I'm here.
I gotta interview the jor- the jorker?
Let me dial up our jor- our jorker button real quick.
Do you have access to the jorker button?
Yeah I mean I've got a smooth line of communication to the jorker.
Now my favorite guy.
Um but you know he does his thing.
I'll give this to him.
He does his thing.
What's his thing?
He's- he's- he jorks.
Mostly he's a jorker.
Um okay uh yes we are joined- uh we are- we are joined at this time.
By the jorker the jorker are you there?
Hey yes jorker come in.
Wanna ask me how I got this?
Hard.
Hey everybody it's the jorker.
Great it's the jorker.
Jorker what's up my man?
Um I want- we- what we brought here today to discuss
gooning for 16 hours straight and getting sold to Netflix.
Did they sell gooning to Netflix?
Or was that not part of their plan?
Are you just gonna quote the couple of quotes you remember from the Dark Knight?
The jorker you can actually talk to us.
Whoa.
You're calling me out?
Do you do this every time man?
I want an actual answer here.
What do you think?
I think if I can jork to it then I don't care.
Everybody's acting like they're all busy,
that they've all got something that they gotta do.
Everybody's scurrying around like there's a plan.
Here's my plan.
No lubrication.
Just wet sweaty hands.
More than 16 hours.
No sleep.
A weekend spent jorking.
That's your plan every time.
Yeah but I'm not using lotion this time.
Think about how twisted that is.
Why is your face black and white?
It's not.
This is makeup.
No your face is straight up black and white dude.
Do you have a thing?
I did notice that as well.
It doesn't seem to be makeup.
It seems like all the pigment got pulled out of your face.
That's true you caught me.
Uh oh.
Yeah I gotta do an accident to add an old
Black and White Movie Factory.
What?
A Black and White Movie Factory where they only make Black and White Movies.
I fell into a vat of old movies.
I fell into a vat of old movies.
What does that even mean?
I fell into a vat of old movies and it stained my face.
Black and white.
Not just to make up for it.
I smear lipstick on my face and I jork my cock for more than 16 hours.
And soon the world will too.
Oh what is the- you know what- what is the deal with this guy?
You're the one who invited him chat.
I just don't over- I'm not really feeling like there's any center to his point of view.
What do you mean my point of view is everybody's so busy-
Yes we get it the world is busy and you're gonna spend your time jorking.
Everyone spends their time jorking.
They just give it other names.
Oh I'm raising my kids.
Oh I'm cooking dinner.
No what you're really doing is jorking.
What le- Lou do you use while jorking?
Okay this is pretty intimate question.
None.
The air.
Lubrication is just another lie fed to you by the system.
In what sense?
It doesn't even make it better.
Well the answer wasn't that our chat game was actually nacho cheese.
I don't really have any questions for this guy chat.
Do you have any questions for the jorker?
I refuse to play by your rules.
I don't know if we even established any rules jorker.
What if I told you I've been jorking this whole time?
I'd say- I guess you were gonna say that.
I'd say we can tell.
We have two angles on this that they don't have.
Yeah we have a double monitor setup where we can also see the full room from the pants down.
So you've been watching me.
Well we did invite a god named the jorker so we kind of expected it but
yeah we can't show what you've been doing obviously.
We got a question from chat here from Travis.
Do you jork it to Batman?
Yes!
Even though he's your greatest rival, he's my greatest.
Edit?
What?
I also make gooning videos.
Where I- I sort of mash up bat- he's got the upper body of Batman.
But the lower body of a nude Batman.
Fat man?
Fat man is my rival.
Fat man's my rival because he does it in short bursts which I think is-
You gotta commit if you're gonna- system.
You don't- you don't have any prescription for modern society.
You just want to jork it.
Now you're understanding.
Yeah I guess that actually should have been clear instantaneously.
Do you have a sidekick?
If you have to think about it jorker you don't.
Yeah you're thinking way too long.
No I do.
Are you trying to find a way to mash up masturbation with Harley Quinn?
No.
Handily spin.
Here's my sidekick.
That sucks.
No because you're spinning- some people jork it by spinning their hand.
No one has ever done that jorker.
You think people jerk off like they're- like opening a bottle?
What does that even mean?
It's a technique where you spin.
You spin to win.
I do that sometimes.
How would that even work?
It just works.
It works.
You know back on the schoolyard we used to call it-
I think now you have to call it giving people a Native American burn.
That- no that doesn't make it any better saying it like that.
Well anyway people jork it like that too.
I think that's just you.
I'm doing that right now.
Yeah we can see.
Yeah we saw the shift in technique.
Hardly Kuhnman would have been- also fine.
I think that is better.
Can girls jork it too?
Yes there's no limit on who can jork it.
Jorking it is a mentality as much as an activity.
That's why no matter what you think you're doing,
what you're really doing is jorking it?
Yeah.
Don't steal my lines though.
Fat Man is too fun to say.
New vocal stem unlocked.
Fat man.
Da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da.
There's very- I've made various edits to that song.
What's your favorite video to jork to?
Keyboard Cat but the sex version.
What is that?
It's- it's a porn parody of Keyboard Cat.
So like a bestiality video?
No.
In the video it's Batman.
What?
It's Batman playing keyboard without pants on.
What?
I don't know.
I just don't- I don't love- I don't love this conversation.
Yeah I think we got all we need out of you-
The jorker?
Yes.
And have you checked under your seats?
You'll find a timer.
Where is it?
Yeah I am checking.
I don't see it.
Now there's one under there.
Check under your seats.
I did- I mean I'm- they're not that complicated of a seat.
There is nothing under here.
Really?
It's gonna be a-
I'd been- I'd been jerking off into a bomb.
It's gonna be a- it was gonna be a jork bomb.
But I guess I forgot to do that because I was jerking it for 20-
20 plus hours not sleeping.
I haven't slept much.
I'm so tired.
I've really- I've been jerking it.
Weeks?
How many days is it?
It's Friday.
Oh I've actually only been jerking it for a couple hours.
Then why are you so tired?
Because I've been jerking it for a couple hours.
Oh.
Wait no!
Yeah what?
You thought it'd been weeks?
I thought it'd been weeks.
I thought it'd been months.
I guess it's only been-
I started jerking at about six.
So I guess it's been 40 minutes.
That is too- you're jerking it for too long.
You should jork it past 40 minutes.
That's nothing.
Hey you know what?
Whatever jorker.
We have a DJC4 segment surprisingly still.
So...
One last question only.
Do we squee-
Did we squeeze all we could out of them?
That local puppet fucking gets it.
I don't get it.
You know what?
Jorker you wouldn't.
I don't get it.
And I refuse to get it.
I'm actually a little too busy being honest and
jorking it as we speak.
You are not even jorking it right now.
We can see.
Yeah you stopped about a minute and a half ago.
After you did the indie-
After you did the burn thing.
You can't call it any more case.
I agree.
Okay um...
Let's send it to...
DJC4.
There we go.
And then we will get Adi here for the day.
If I can remember where that button even is.
I do.
All right.
It is DJC-
No it's not DJC4.
It's-
No wait it is DJ-
I haven't done this segment in too long.
I don't even remember how this works anymore guys.
But we're sending it to him either way.
What's the C4?
That's a great question.
We should really ask him.
And we can right now because it's time to make a bad song with DJC4.
Oh yeah hey.
Still here.
Don't worry about it guys.
Yeah that don't even stress.
DJC4 still in the building.
The C stands for Kuman.
I'll never tell.
Who knows what it stands for.
Okay.
Wow listen to this music.
Some fun stuff.
We do also have food coming in just a second.
So I might have to go do that before we get started for real.
Kendall do you want to hang out with chat while I get our food?
She doesn't.
She doesn't want to do that.
So I'm gonna pull up a different trailer I guess.
You know yeah we're gonna try to speedrun this song today.
Because the food did just get here.
Let's see if I can find a trailer we didn't watch.
I'm gonna steal Trent's whole thing.
Clay she was a spider.
Oh yeah that's only a minute though.
But yeah that's fine.
Can I even find that on YouTube?
If something is low enough view count can you even find it?
I can't remember if that was on my sketch groups channel or
my old channel.
Must be on the sketch groups.
Okay.
Oh yeah there it is.
Okay we have to make a sequel to this song today with.
Honestly in my opinion underrated.
80s rock star Lex Venom.
Let's send it to Lex now so you can see the source material and I'll be right back after getting this food.
Yeah there's the same.
There's the same.
Sorry about that everyone.
Oh yeah we could have learned all about Linus Tech Tips.
Akash Sing let's his wife destroy his life on his own podcast.
Sorry these recommended videos are kind of blowing my mind.
Let's watch the Linus one.
What's happening to Linus?
Um okay we're back.
That was the video we have to make a sequel.
The song sorry that we have to make a sequel too.
Are there even do we even where's where's Lex Venom?
See if we can find him.
We'll say this counts.
I'm gonna say I found him.
I think he cut his hair.
Yeah that's the real question is what is.
The sequel to this song.
The first one was about getting your spider.
You got a spider biting off your dick.
I guess we need an 80s rock instrumental.
So that's the first thing we got to find.
Just an off the old cobwebs here.
Just trying to remember the process.
The important process of song making.
All right 80s rock.
Okay genre is rock.
Jesus could have a different vibe I guess.
This isn't really rock right?
The genre is totally different but this song is for some reason very funny to me.
What else we got though?
A Christmas trap beat?
We could just do that.
I guess we could look up Christmas 80s rock instrumental.
I mean I think the thing he was going for before was more hair metal.
Maybe I need to search that.
But frankly these are some pretty good ones already.
Just as okay.
What else we got?
Maybe we just say the the the vibe is the lyrics are Christmas based at some point.
Okay this might work.
Okay.
Eh maybe not.
Okay this one is vaguely funny to me as well.
It's good work I guess.
We'll see what else we got.
Okay this one.
This one worked for me.
Are we supposed to be speed running?
Yeah we gotta hurry up.
I got the song now though so.
Okay.
And I just gotta open up this software.
That's what we're working with.
That's what we're gonna have to go with.
No choice.
Oh okay just throwing it to me then.
Throwin me the wolves.
So the first song is about the spider biting off your dick.
Maybe a wizard cursed his butthole.
Does that seem fine?
Yeah that's fine.
Is there something better than a wizard?
If anybody has any ideas for what might have happened to this guy's butthole that seems to
make the most sense to me.
We do have a lot of butthole stuff already on this.
Channel's general lower.
Well what else could it be?
He only got so much stuff down there.
Um.
An elf on the shelf got stuck in myself.
Oh.
I deep-throated an elf on the shelf and I died.
Okay.
It's a lot of words.
Just make that work.
Okay I deep-throated an elf on the shelf and I died.
Fine.
You know what?
Fine.
Okay where are my lyrics?
Pegged by Mrs. Claus?
It could have been that way.
Could have been that way.
Could have been that way.
Could have been that way.
How long is this song?
Damn we've got a lot of song lyrics
in this massive google doc I have now.
Okay.
There's that.
What was the last song we recorded?
I don't even remember.
Okay that was the last song we made.
I don't even know what that was.
Thank you for the 23 months boner salad.
Wait what was this song called?
I need to save it as something.
What was the name of Yacht Rock?
There we go.
It was something Yacht Rock.
Okay.
No we're good to go.
Delete that stuff.
And just like that.
Your whole track is set up.
Isn't this it?
Yeah there it is.
Okay.
Boom.
Alright.
So it sounds like this.
Okay.
And this needs to be about...
Where's the chorus?
I don't know what a chorus is.
Is there a chorus?
Alright.
Also the last one was like a minute and a half
so we don't even need that much.
Hey what's up?
I was told to show up here.
What is that little guy doing down there?
Hey man come on I have normal size.
I'm just really far from the camera man.
Yeah I forgot we had a tiny wizard sing the last one.
Can you move this camera around man?
Because this is not gonna work for me man.
Um okay okay okay.
I see what happened here.
Okay sorry everybody.
We'll uh we'll fix that later.
Various adjustments were made to this stream that have
broken a number of things.
Okay.
Is he also a wizard?
I don't think so.
I think he's supposed to be a normal size.
I think he's supposed to be a normal size guy.
Alright.
Anything?
We have to tease that he's gonna...
He's got a big plan for the night I guess.
It's Christmas.
We don't even have to reveal that it's Christmas.
We just need lyrics.
Yeah my stocking is hung I guess.
We'll just do go with Christmas whatever.
My stocking is hung.
This family's not around.
Alone on Christmas intentionally.
Ready to take it to the next level.
Christmas debauchery.
Six gallons of milk ready for Santa.
Jork that health by revving it engine.
Um what's like a sick 80s car?
Was there a particularly popular car in the 80s that's not a delorean?
That was more of a sports car that a rock and roller would drive?
Something car in the driveway.
Teabird.
Teabird Rev.
Something like that.
Boo I'm putting shell fussy in here too.
Kit.
He's banished all his
girlfriends.
Christmas is about me this year.
This is the general sentiment we're going for.
Uh St. Nick don't have what I want.
I need a real Christmas surprise.
But oh no.
This is the general structure of the song.
He's gonna big up what he's doing on Christmas.
Then he's gonna say oh no.
Then he's gonna say
I deep throated an elf on the shelf and I died.
And then he ends up in hell.
I end up in hell.
Everyone is there for the same reason.
Billions of souls that sucked an elf.
Now we're chugging elf with Satan.
It's a Christmas miracle.
That seems like that's a story that I think tracks.
That's gonna track for um for most general audiences.
Now we just have to make all this rhyme.
So we'll put my stocking as hung second.
Um Christmas dinner is done.
So family fast sleep.
Christmas dinner is done.
Presents wrap so damn nice.
Stocking is well hung.
Ready to make it snow.
Talking sensually.
Christmas leave Christmas Eve all alone.
And that's intentionally ready to take it to the next level.
Feeling jackfrost free.
Six gallons of milk ready for Santa.
Christmas debauchery.
Listen to my T-verb rev.
Banished all of my girlfriends.
Christmas is about me this year.
St. Nick don't have what I need to feel.
That's enough. That should be enough.
Then you can kind of just figure this out.
You've got to say this about three or four times.
Then we'll get into a little post-crypt.
Now we're all Satan's helpers and we're all on the shelf.
We're all Satan's helpers.
Um on a fiery shelf.
But the party's so wild.
I'm still feeling myself.
It's a Christmas miracle.
Uh that's good. We're gonna say that that works.
Um family fast asleep.
Christmas is done.
Presence wrapped nice.
Stocking so well hung.
Okay.
Gonna make it snow.
Talking sensually.
Christmas is me.
Christmas Eve all alone.
That's intentionally ready to take it to the next level.
Ready to make this night jackfrost.
Wait this doesn't rhyme at all.
What was I going for here?
The botchery that doesn't rhyme with anything.
We'll just change this.
Ready to make this night jackfrost.
Um you got the milk for Santa.
But I've got extra frost.
But got the milk for Santa.
But I got extra sauce.
The teabird revs banished my girlfriends.
It's a solo Christmas party.
That will never ever end.
Because Christmas is all about me this year.
St. Nick don't have.
Uh St. Nick ain't ready for my Christmas cheer.
There we go.
Okay this doesn't this makes enough sense.
This is fine.
This makes plenty of sense.
Let's see if um if Lex Venom is ready to do this thing.
Okay.
Okay.
All right he's calling it there.
He's saying he's got it.
I don't really know how this fits with the song that we have.
But Lex is a pro like all of our pros.
So I'm sure they can fill it up.
Figure it out.
Lex are you there?
Yeah man I'm good to go.
Um I just need to I'm really far away from the camera.
So I do need to just adjust.
There we go.
Yeah baby.
Okay Lex is ready.
I'm ready to do this thing man.
Come on.
Ow.
All right everyone I my hair is contained right now.
That's how I like to do it when I sing.
Lex Venom still got it.
Still rocking all these years later.
You know I was a little late to the 80s party thing.
But this isn't a retro style.
This is Lex style man.
Yeah how old were you when you recorded um your spider song?
I was old enough to party.
Um that was that was never in court.
Okay sure Lex let's give this a shot.
I'm not really sure how this is supposed to go.
We'll close the door to the DJ C4 studio for the benefit of um of our DJ C4 neighbors.
Because something tells me you might just scream a bunch.
What?
Nah man screaming ain't singing.
I'm ready to sing.
You know what I mean?
Ow get this mic away from me though just in case I use my pipes to their fullest extent.
Okay I mean good luck because I don't think we really considered what the song sounds like at all
when writing it.
No problem I never have before.
Um geez everyone's just missing lately.
I'm here don't worry.
I'm right here I'm ready to go.
Okay there it is.
Boom let's do this thing.
Is the audio working?
That's an important step it's easy to forget.
It is easy to forget that important step.
Check check.
Yeah it's on.
All right.
Turn me up.
Turn everything up.
Let's fucking Christmas is done.
Did you get that?
Well yeah I gotta do the chorus though.
I'm gonna lead into the chorus.
The chorus is gonna start I want you to put the let's go under that.
Does that make sense?
You're a pro man I totally get it.
Yeah I totally get that.
Okay oh shoot you know we also had a I had a strong vocal delay on there so
I turned it off now though.
What?
Oh sorry well I'll sync it up later but it might sound
in crazy because of the vocal delay I added.
All right whatever just play it again.
I just gotta get to the chorus now.
Nope you started it too early.
Bring it back.
You gotta feed me in man I can't just do this all willy-nilly.
Shit I need more I need more I need more than that I can't tell where the chorus is.
What the hell?
Oh I see what happened okay.
Oh I don't even know what I'm saying.
Okay that's where the chorus comes in.
That's where I got it now I got it now don't worry.
Is that it?
So there's a post script about hell?
Son of a bitch what?
Um yeah you gotta do the post script about hell too.
Where does that fit?
Um you're a pro man you can figure it out.
Believe in yourself buddy I got faith in you.
You're right I can do this play my song again.
I can't hear the I can't hear the previous vocals but that's fine I'm assuming that's fine.
Wait a minute wait a minute wait a minute I just realized something is there like a slow part
of this is there a bridge?
What you're describing sounds like it should be over a bridge.
Just so you know.
Yeah like here that's the bridge it's so short what about this part?
Nope.
Oh shit there you go that's where I'll see this thing.
Okay I get it now record me.
Is that it?
Yeah that's it that's all I got.
All right we got it all man you're good to go.
I knew that already man this is how we do it.
Lex vanem in the studio I never waste your time.
We would never dream of wasting anyone's time.
Not on this stream that'll do it guys.
Oops.
No.
They got too excited with the outro there.
We got to find someone to raid.
Well don't worry Lex is a pro so I'm sure he protected his vocal cords.
Me I would have just been screaming the whole time and it would have been a disaster
but let's raid Bruce Green.
It's been a minute since we've raided old Brucey baby.
Okay we did misspell Bruce Green.
Let's try that again.
Yeah Lex is a pro old Lex a pro.
Okay thanks for all of your work as usual um ghost yeah man I am.
I feel good about that one.
That one that one I feel good about.
Sick.
Guys have a great weekend.
We finally got around to another Friday stream.
I gotta mix all these songs that we've made now.
That's the last step the best step the mixing step don't worry we'll get to it.
But for now we gotta go eat with Kendall because they're the foods here.
We all witness a Christmas miracle together and believe me once we smooth out all the timing
that song sounds so so good.
Say hi to Bruce for us it's a it's a Christmas miracle raid.
We're forcing everyone to be in the spirits we could also say holiday raid you know whatever
but if you're more comfortable with uh yes I heard case was sick too but seeing as he was
screaming I'm sure he wouldn't do that if he was sick.
Um I mean earlier in the screen he was screaming okay I'm gonna get out of here it's
yeah it's a lex let's go with a lexapro raid actually the in honor of the pro lex thanks
man that means a lot well Lex is still here I left him I left him I left a bag full of some
insulin oh that's what those are yeah these are insulin needles great so have a great week