I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Not cases brother said I'm looking for a new cell plant.
Anyone heard of anything good lately?
Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one.
Let's Pepito!
He always shows up just in time.
Thank you guys so much for the early subs.
Popping them in here nice and early.
Geez, end bits.
Shaggy, thank you so much for the gifted sub-psychore.
Mr. Whoopi-Woopi, thank you for the 21 months.
And thank you Apple Dapples, Skymer, Bundle Strat for the 100 bits.
Summoning me, not seeing enough in my opinion.
Pantheon of munches.
Guys if I look a little weird today and it's the stream, I'm huffing the hype.
If the stream is running kind of slow.
Oh no, no, no, no, no, no.
Holy shit.
But I'm going to turn this down.
The hype train is sort of meandering around yet so they haven't shown up.
Okay guys thank you for the subs.
If the stream is running slow I'm actually not using my usual, we'll just call it
camera.
We're going to switch to a feed of what happens to be my office at home.
We'll just conveniently put it right behind me.
I couldn't put down my green screen, which is the name I give my camera.
Everything here is real of course.
Because look, they're back there.
And I'm too...
I don't want to make a move.
So I just got to do the stream differently today.
Honestly, how relatively fine this looks makes me feel like maybe I shouldn't even bother
with the green screen.
But I honestly, it could make my computer crash.
Depending on how many resources.
Again, we'll call this new camera takes.
Yeah, they're back there man.
They're just hanging out.
Can I zoom on them?
Here wait, I'm going to switch to a different view and we're going to give you the
cat zoom.
One sec.
If I can find where I even keep the base of my camera in this insane setup.
I have...
Oh, here it is.
Okay.
I'm Papito.
I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live.
It turns out my stream can't handle not having all these graphics.
I guess the graphics are actually the only thing keeping this running normally.
Papito, what was that all about?
How come that broke so instantly?
What?
What was that?
What?
Why did the stream break?
I don't know.
You probably did it.
Oh man.
Yeah, Papito, you can't bother the cats.
Well, apparently I can't because Case explained flawlessly that that was a
fee that we put behind him.
He's of course in a large new studio as we speak.
Oh, you understand that Papito?
No.
There was a comment that was deleted by what just happened.
So it's actually a Rob Elvie comment, so I don't even mind.
But if there was a different comment, you might have to resubmit it.
Papito's super big today.
Today I'm very tall.
I feel huge.
He's actually tiny though.
Just so you guys know, he's a very little dog.
Okay.
We also killed the hype train, I think.
It could still be going, but my stream no longer knows that it's going.
So the hype train sort of lived and died at the same time.
I guess that's a new state for the hype train to exist in.
Living death.
Yeah, yeah, the hype train is going, but the hype train isn't going.
I mean, it doesn't make sense.
It's like Schrodinger's hype train.
It's a cat.
And there are cats now.
Wait, maybe I can just do it this way.
Can I still zoom on myself?
Okay, now we're talking.
Whoa!
Well, now it's officially dead for sure.
Okay, here we go.
Boom.
Oh, nope.
Wrong thing to move.
And there we go.
There's our cat close up.
Yeah.
Ooh, whoa.
No.
End.
Seamlessly fixing the stream.
Crashing the stream.
God damn it.
No, not crashing the stream.
Fixing the stream.
Everything's working normally.
But, Pito, you did it.
I didn't do it.
I did nothing.
Actually, I did literally nothing.
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Okay.
Yeah, anyway.
To me, the top story is that the cats are behind me.
But I guess there could be other stuff going on.
Good to see everyone regardless.
Cycord, Lady Cy, Tricks, Lyvin, Sleazy, Mr.
Whippy Boo Boo Commander Gab.
This dinosaur.
Card King, Propaganda.
Not Cases Brother.
Looking for a cell phone plan.
You know, I don't like AT&T that much.
I can't think of who else I could possibly recommend.
Only there was someone new entering the cell phone game
that I could really plug right now.
So, but I guess for now, it's just, who knows.
What's that Lyvin, Sleazy?
Yeah, it doesn't sound like a thing.
Let's, I think I might do a shorter stream today.
We have to do therapy.
I think that was requested.
I don't think anything else was requested yet.
I might only stream for a little over an hour
because it is Kendall's birthday.
I gotta do, she wants to go see how to train your dragon.
That was her birthday request.
So we're gonna do that.
We'll go train a dragon together.
Whatever she wants, it's her day.
BXMail's good to see ya.
It is very, that's a very Kendall request.
We're taking everybody.
We're taking the whole dragon family to train.
Yeah, it is just a very low maintenance birthday request.
I was looking up expensive restaurants
and I was like, a movie you say?
Although now a fucking movie
is like going to a five, eight star Michelin's
because of how the money.
See you tell me.
Are you going bald?
No.
This is why maybe we do need the classic setup.
Not even dinner in a movie.
Just a specific movie.
And also we had to go see it during dinnertime
to accommodate various friends.
So I just do as I'm told.
But there's also gifts.
And I put something outside that says happy birthday.
I can't really set up showing that.
No, Mr. Smith.
Kendall, well, she might want to do that actually.
She might want to do that.
Anyway, I probably could just do a stream talking
about fun stuff like birthdays,
but instead let's talk about what I'm sure will be fun.
The news.
Your stream keeps pausing.
Well, unpause it because Jeff Ripple has arrived.
We're going to talk about the news.
It's not that bad, right?
Yeah, it's fine.
It's fine.
And either way, you know what actually case?
This is the moment that great newscasters like me
were born to zeitgeist in.
What do you mean?
War.
There's a war.
And I'm the most newsman on this network.
And that means this is my time to shine.
The first ever war we've covered.
There's been wars the whole time we've done this show.
Sort of been rolling conflicts the whole time.
Yeah, but this could be one that we actually debate demanded.
This is like the prom of wars, though.
The rest of them were just regular dances.
This is war prom.
I don't like that, Jeff.
You're not supposed to.
I'm not saying war prom is good.
I'm just saying it's good for me, Jeff Ripple,
because it's the most news you can do.
But it's bad.
It's just good for me, Jeff Ripple.
Ask any news guy.
This is how we talk about it.
I think it might just be you, Jeff.
You wish.
I guess I do wish.
Anyway, I'm not saying I'm excited.
I'm just saying I will lend this story
the gravitas it deserves.
I'm not...
I really don't think you should make statements like that.
War is good for Jeff Ripple.
If there were a subspecies of human known as Jeff Ripple,
which maybe is the most famous one,
which maybe my family is its own species, I don't know,
I think you're still human.
As far as I can tell, maybe.
Then yes, what you're saying is true.
Anyway...
Trump has just said that everyone in Tehran
should immediately evacuate,
ahead of, I'm assuming,
diplomacy.
Because the other thing that I meant to say
is that we're not at war.
It's not, we're not there yet.
We're edging the war.
I think it seems like...
I mean, we might not have declared that we're at war,
but it seems like we're...
we pretty much steered our whole country into war,
and we're directly kind of supporting Israel,
who's very much at war.
But we're not yet.
It's an edging, but serious edging.
Jeff, I'm not sure you have the gravitas to cover this.
Well, I feel weird today.
I feel like...
I'm not quite the way I should be in space.
And that's... it's a bad day for that.
It's throwing me off.
It feels like my hands are just barely clinging to life here.
A little, you know?
And my hair is like clipping.
Is that a...
When you're making noises like that!
Is that a thing that usually happens to you?
It's happening to you too, case.
I can see it all over you, all around you more so.
Oh yeah, there's no fishtie.
Oh, you're right.
God damn it.
See, this is the problem.
I'm letting everybody else's lackadaisical newsways
influence my professionalism.
Get this fishtie on me.
This is not a casual Monday.
This is a big-time news Monday.
I don't care whose birthday it is, case.
Don't say that. It's Kendall's birthday.
It's the main thing today.
This will be remembered as Kendall's birthday.
Well, fortunately, it seems like they're not going to officially declare war today, at least, so...
If anything really terrible ever happens on June 16th, that will be unfortunate for Kendall's birthday.
Today is about Kendall's birthday.
A bunch of different types of fish, a Thai lobster Thai,
and get an aquarium to keep them all in.
Like, we get a bunch of ties and put them in an aquarium.
That's an incredible idea.
Look, I know there's a lot of serious stuff happening, but, case,
make the Thai aquarium happen.
Um, but what do they stay in? Water?
No, obviously you make it look like there's water in there,
but it's just a bunch of ties dangling off the top of an aquarium that's empty.
That would be so fun.
For who? For everyone.
We need something nice right now.
On account of all the war, yesssss.
That was freakier than I meant it to be.
One second.
I'm rippling all over the place...
...and move that, and...
...d-d-doo.
Ties or ties?
Now I'm confused.
Who's a what now?
Let's just talk about the news at least briefly.
I'll try to keep it as brief as possible. I'm sure there's not a lot of complexity to cover here Trump warrants to run to immediately
evacuate
Trump to depart the g7 early as the Israel Iran conflict showed shows signs of intensifying
Well, what signs would those be? I think all the explosions all over
Iran and Israel constant
bombardments, I guess that counts as intensifying
President Trump had a great day at the g7 even signing a major trade deal with United Kingdom and
Prime Minister Kier Starmor everybody's favorite White House press secretary Caroline Levitt said on social media much was accomplished
But because of what's going on in the Middle East President Trump will be leaving tonight after dinner with heads of state
The summit is scheduled to continue on Tuesday when Trump had scheduled his first one-on-one meeting with Mexican President
Claudia Scheinbaum, I'd be careful talking to Trump right now. He's in a very start-of-war kind of mood
So we don't want that tendency spreading to other countries. I'm glad he didn't start one with the United Kingdom
Well, you know, I think we've got a unique propensity to start wars in the Middle East the other countries might be safe for now
But that's what he does. He tricks you apparently. He's like I'm negotiating just kidding full-on war
He did he do be doing that. He does be doing that
He's also sleepy while he's flying all around and he's
59 and he's older than that 60. He's a bit older than that. Wow 61
Running away. He should have piloted that full g7 straight to the Middle East. It's not the g7 isn't a plane
Really, I thought they just met on a really nice plane
Jeff you're supposed to have tons of news experience. Yes
News isn't knowing things. It's reading things
Cocking says confidently standing with Russia after he called a Trudeau kicked Putin out of the g8 a year before Trudeau took office
There's a g8 too
There's a lot of g's with numbers after them and I guess you would know Israel has a right to defend itself
It's starting to lose all of its meaning. Am I right?
Well, uh, and a right to preemptively defend itself
I guess is that would that would be how they'd phrase it in the last couple days
They preemptively defended themselves so hard that now they're struggling to defend themselves
Like a g6 like a g6 like a like a g6
Ripples got the burns today. That's true and this I don't have sideburns actually right now
Should I shave sideburns?
You know how you know how thick my sideburns would be Jeff focus you got so excited for this war
Oh shoot. I'm not living up to how horny how serious I got for this war
Oh
That's a noise for sure
Trump was also supposed to meet Tuesday in Canada with Ukrainian president Vladimir Zelensky, but you know again
He's in a warm mood. So why go to where there's another war?
President Donald Trump on Monday posted on his social media site an ominous message calling for the immediate evacuation of the Iranian capital of
Tehran while he's in Canada attending the g7 summit. He had more to say
He had said more than once during the day that Iran cannot have a nuclear weapon
He emphasized that again in his social media post writing Iran cannot have a
Nuclear weapon. Well, at least he's being clear
I think the United States is positioned on Iran not having a nuclear weapons been pretty clear for a while
You could argue so clear in fact that we actually signed a treaty
Under President Obama one of one of the things he did that I actually thought was kind of good
That that Trump then just completely
Disregarded and tore up. Yeah, but that treaty was bad
It was to get kept them from having nuclear weapons, which apparently is the number one goal
Really trying to find a way to be a contrarian here, but that does sound pretty stupid
Iran violated the treaty last week
The treaty that we'd already dispensed with
Iran violated when they kicked out the UN inspectors, but I'm just saying the US had already pulled out of that treaty live in Slesi
You know during the first
Wait, which Trump administration did they do it this time? I'm losing track of the last six months now
Drum shouldn't be allowed to have a nerve football let alone the nuclear football
Well, it is nerve or nothing we do say that a lot
The whole international treaty mattered sure, but I'm just saying it was deeply undermined by the United States pulling out of it
sort of makes them less likely to follow it when the country pushing for it the hardest just
Randomly flips out of it because we swapped presidents president swap
Again, I'm not like some I'm not a I'm not deeply aware of Iranian politics unsurprisingly
And I'm not trying to be like a defender of the Iranian administration, which I again don't know that much about but
My reading of the situation
Just seems pretty obvious who was the inciting actor here to me
Case is more into Chinese politics. No, I'm just a fan. I'm kind of a I'm honestly a fair-weather fan of Chinese politics
I can't only pay attention to the good stuff. Yeah, that's what a real fan does just show up for the good parts
The past doesn't matter. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm
Well, the present says that Trump said Iran should have signed the deal
He told them to sign to prevent what he said was a shame and waste of human life
Referring to Israel's attack last week Trump ended the post with everyone should immediately evacuate Tehran
exclamation point a city that holds around 9.5
million people
Fair weather fan of Chinese politics
This act was precipitated by the UN inspectors being kicked out and the Mossad agents embedded in the Iranian nuke program informed Israel
And us what was going on? I would argue live in sleazy. There's more going on than that not to generally live in sleazy is better informed
Uh than I am but I think the US
has been
Pretty invested aspects of the US government pretty invested in war and regime regime change in Iran longer than that
and
I think there would have been ways out of this other than
Using our proxy state to immediately bomb Iran
You can't write an essay in twitch chat. I mean, I'm not agreeing that that had disagreeing that that happened
I'm just saying I wouldn't I disagree that that's the primary justification for what's going on right now
and I
Can read more
That I mean that is probably more worthwhile than me talking
I'm just saying why it happened now
I just don't
I don't know if that's the only reason it happened now. That's a justification for it happening now
that's a that's a
that's an incident that certainly
escalated things further
but
I think
Israel and elements of the United States government have both been angling for war with Iran
For way way longer than that. Is that why there's that bomb bomb bomb bomb Iran song stuck in my head so often
Now verse three months
Yeah, I would argue that people argue about arguing
About about arguing
Now that now I am the electric man is onto something
Israel was always going to do this when a red line was reached
Sure, although I would argue they created a red line and then reached across it
R.I.P. Brian Wilson. He died too. The writer of the bomb Iran song. He didn't write the bomb Iran song
Then who did?
Israel's been waiting to attack around for years. I mean there's just there's been simmering conflict and I mean it's not as simple as like
It was just inevitable that this was going to happen
I think live in Sleazy's right to point out that there's like a number of inciting incidents
But I would argue the aggressor in this case
Is us via a proxy state
Everyone has their own crayons
That's true. Anyone can draw a red line if they've got the right colors
I actually am wearing purple so I can only draw a purple line like herald
Can't we all just draw purple lines? Is that the piece we need?
Just some attic thank you for the 31 months 31 purple lines
And then you could form almost anything out of that. I could draw a truck with that many lines
Very true Jeff. I'm full of facts
The aggressor is the Israel the us was behind them
Yes, I would still argue
Oh god, I'm saying I would argue case really is arguing today. I just feel like the united states
Is using a proxy state
To do the aggression. I know Israel has their own
state goals obviously, but
based on my
Understanding and reading on the situation
It does feel to me like we ultimately gave the sign off
For them to do it. We are still the principal one arming Israel
So I think it is our aggression
Filtered through another state if Israel has a right to preemptively defend itself
Does that mean we can have a preemptive abortions if people allege their babies are hitlers reincarnates?
um
That's a you know, I'll let you argue that side-tricks that sounds a little complicated to try to to try to work out
But the courts you can get all sorts of stuff going
Saying it a lot
FYI the us and great britain overthrew the iranian government
Uh in the 50s so bp could could could keep taking their oil
That's why they have the shahs now and now they might get the other ones back the the
Oh, yeah, they're kind of pumping up that
The member of the royal family. Yeah, who do they want there to be the new guy?
Who are they trying to push regime change? It's kind of changed back to the
previous regime, right?
um
Moventum for courtesy of fox news. So you know they're gonna give us
The prime breakdown right here
weak iranian regimes
From fox weak iranian regime opens doors for change garnering support for citizens
Everyone likes what's going on. Thanks fox. I have to use just read because I immediately got hit with six ads
I know that they're trying
the crown prince
um exiled iranian crown prince h r h reza palavi told fox news
It's only a matter of time before the iranian regime
Is toppled and iranians have a tremendous opportunity to put a prince back in charge
I you know, maybe it's about time we tried monarchism again
everywhere
I know you went to the no kings protest case but counterpoint kings
We could have all sorts of them
Some of the persian royal family lives around los angeles. I can tell because sometimes I see a mansion. I'm like
Not that stylish
It was probably better than this. I I do not know enough about iranian politics to know who would be a preferable leader the shah or the crown prince
but
um, I doubt people are gonna be super thrilled to return to the
um
Royal government that they toppled
You don't know that unfortunately. It's true. I don't know that
Never forget the sunni shia fighter. Oh shoot. Is that another never forget? There's so many never forgets in my head
Did anyone confuse me for jade events at the protest yet and anybody just start throwing eggs at you
Would that be the first response?
throwing eggs at me
You know because they hate them because they got to throw eggs
Is it water bottles or water bottles full of eggs?
Uh, I was wearing sunglasses and a hat so I look a little bit less like jade events when you can't see
I have similar hair too. No, you just look like jade events in a hat and sunglasses
Well, you look like jade events with a more handsome face
That's just any white guy case any white guy looks like jade events with a more handsome face
iran is shia the rest of the middle east majority is sunni
um
Yeah, again, I I
Don't want to reach too far out of my depth and start making any statements about like how
Iranian or greater middle eastern politics work
um
But it does seem like the situation is
Uh a non-controversial statement getting worse
Uh for all involved
I hope there's still any chance to
Somehow diplomatically resolve the situation, but it seems super unlikely
The more likely thing at this point seems like we get pulled
More intensely into the conflict
throughout the week
I don't know if the united states will officially declare war, but it also feels like
This certainly isn't just like a conservative
push for war
There's there tends to be uniparty support for the things israel does
so
I suspect if there was like a
push to war over something like iran bombing iran bombing a us target
Or bombing ua e oil fields or any of our other allies in the middle east that more actively supply us with oil
um, it would not be hard to convince
our particular government to go to war with iran which is
insane and will be a
horrific fucking disaster on more levels than I could comprehend
And if you want to convince iran that they absolutely have to churn out a nuclear weapon
This seems like the number one way to do it
um, so if the goal is to keep them from having nukes this also seems insane to me
and
There will be people that think we can just storm in there and take over the entire country
But I think if we have any fucking memory, we know how that tends to go
So we'll see and we also just got to see how incredibly powerful and modern our military is
Courtesy of that parade. So I'm sure that inspired all the confidence that we need
Did you go to that parade two case?
Uh, I did not go to that particular parade. Well, you should have because based on the pictures. I'm seeing
Look at that huge crowd and here's the aerial shot of that same crowd
Here's the shot that the defense
uh
That I believe who posted this
One second. Let me confirm who posted this
Yeah, confirm away jeff
Um, was that actually posted by the department of defense? Yes, apparently this was the photo posted by the department of defense as you can see
a beautiful sea of people
And that same beautiful sea of people
right here
It's a big crowd
The um
Parades 50 million dollar price tag honestly might have been worth it
Just for some of the incredible images we got you might have if you were on social media at all over the weekend
You probably already saw them, but I wonder if there's any thread just breaking down all of the beautiful stuff
We got to see in that parade. There's some amazing shots of trump looking
Just so goddamn sad some big size
I think it was 45 million. Yeah, be realistic with your parade figures case. Let's zoom in on this photo zoom in and hands, please
Yeah, look at this
I mean, you know
This could be people
I think these are people, right
This is looking like real
Real enough
It doesn't look super ai here
And then somewhere around
Here
I'm starting to have some questions
About things
And then you know
It's not like
That far off
right
from um
From this photo, maybe this photo from the right angle
It does seem like you could have there were enough people there that you could have taken a photo
From like the perfect angle and it might have seemed crowded as someone who's done a lot of local comedy shows
You can really make, you know, a tiny crowd look popping if you just film it from the right angle
Classic tricks are those zombies scaling the washington monument like in world war z?
Well, that's just how lit
The crowd was is they started z-ing out. They went full world war z style
Oh, can we call this next war that?
Because three we've already done one and two anybody who knows anything about sequels is by the time you get to the third one
You just start giving it random shit in the title
Or we name it star wars star wars style
World war world war three a no-hope
Is that is that good? No, that's pretty bad. Jeff. That's kind of awful to say
hmm
But the parade was pretty funny
Yes, the parade at least was pretty funny diehard three was a great sequel. Maybe i'm wrong
Maybe we should really go back to just numbers
Based on the things i'm saying out loud
Pope pito wants to eat the cats
Pope papito or pope pito
That's why we can't let him out of the studio
They just need to fight it out great leadership
Oh, that is the thing trump said also is that they just need to fight sometimes you just need to fight it out
Yeah, he's been
Making some classic trump style presidential statements. Let's see what he's saying here
I'm sure it's worthwhile. Let's listen
You heard from the iranians. They'd like to talk, but they should have done that
before I had 60 days and they had 60 days and
On the 61st day. I said we don't have a deal
They have to make a deal and
It's painful for both parties, but I'd say iran is
Not winning this war
And they should talk and they should talk immediately before it's too late
And what would you say in your opinion? What would it take for the us to get involved in this conflict?
Wait, he just said they should have talked now. They kind of can't talk, but then he said they should talk
Who does he think should talk?
He wants everybody to talk and they should have talked and it's too late to talk
But they should talk
Right got it like militarily
I don't want to talk about that. Oh, no, but he doesn't want to talk
Oh
Shoot he got us at the end there
Who's talking to who now? I'm confused
Listen, I think I'm tracking now courtesy and you help me here
They should have talked. They had a chance to talk. I don't think they want to talk anymore
But they should talk and I don't want to talk
Surprisingly presidential actually
For him
I guess
This war is less exciting to cover than I thought. Well, it's exciting, but it's sad sad
It's more sad to talk about than I thought it'd be. Can we use words like muscular deployment and
Full-throated tactical decision
You just tried to but can you give me a sentence to use them in?
Full-throated tactical decision
Yeah, Trump just made the full-throated tactical decision to open his mouth and say things
Hmm
How can we not use words like that exactly
Oh
Um, okay. Well
The update is things are still getting worse
Uh, they'll probably be getting worse all week
We got to have a little fun this weekend with a shitty parade. Can we at least watch the tanks?
Can we at least see the squeaky tank?
Will that make us feel better our squeaky tank military that we're about to
Try to deploy to another intractable intractable middle eastern conflict
Yeah, that might not make us feel better actually, but we can do that anyway. Um
We got some comments as well
They said they don't want to negotiate with someone who doesn't honor
How could they can you imagine a country that just goes back on every deal they make?
Out of nowhere
How are you supposed to negotiate with someone like that?
Remember when he was the peace guy. Oh, yeah the peace candidate
He was gonna end he would have ended this conflict in a day
If it were the biden administration and the problem and then that's what he meant
Is he would have ended all these
between the years of 2000 and 2004
Unfortunately now it's 2025 and because of how bad biden was
We can't expect him to end these conflicts in a day. Unfortunately. He needs to start conflicts
Thank you for clarifying that case that actually clears up a lot. Let biden make speeches and commentary for heaven's sakes
Oh, yeah, biden if we had biden here
With that everybody always thinks the funniest possible thing would happen wouldn't it have been funnier if biden was still president
I don't think there's really that much comedy to be squeezed out of this situation, but
It would be a different kind of horrible for sure
Daddy needs his war spank jeff ripple
Now i'm liking the way we're talking jeff
i'm just trying to do some classic 90s war coverage here where we're like
This is our boys in blue. That's like 1950s. I mean not really. We kind of still do that actually
It's fun to just listen to any war coverage and you still kind of hear the 1950s voice where they're like
Our troops in a run. Well, they're not in there yet
Well as far as we know just watching that marching doesn't show we are really ready. Yeah, I mean
Um, he said we should bring russia back into the g7. They were thrown out for invading ukraine
Yeah, but invading is about to become a lot more popular again. I have a sneaking suspicion
Do we need to have duck and cover drills?
I mean
All options are on the table
Oh, yeah, what's that one option?
What's that option i've heard about in israel?
Um, let's not talk about that particular option trying to think of a certain option israel is a fan of
Oh boy
Let's look at
This beautiful parade
Cohesive and it's just that everybody can have a role no matter what their station in life. Yeah, absolutely
And you know going back to what you said earlier about the citizen soldier. Well, that's not all security. Those are some attendees
Uh, every day life
It's not fair if they're counting the military as security the military is there's a lot of them
So that's gonna be most of the parade
Oh, here's trump, um
Here's trump just kind of watching the thing he made
He's looking he's thinking
He's thinking about the 250 year history of our military
Sometimes when you're thinking this hard
Do you make this face?
He's thinking so hard his face got stuck like that
Couldn't they at least honor the president by not having such a shaky camera?
I think the camera guy might be laughing
Or it's just windy or this is really zoomed in
You pick I guess
Oh, yeah, he's just praying for the troops
That's beautiful
Brooklyn dad defiant says
Good morning and happy monday to everyone who loves the fact that america's soldiers were deliberately not marching in step for trumps birthday parade
Notoriously a lot of troops hate trump. Hey, I'm not trying to speak for all troops
I'm sure there's plenty of troops that don't agree with trump
But I would call that a little bit of an optimistic reading of what's happening there. Well, it's time for optimism in this country again
Let's start assuming all troops are liberal and doing things defiantly
He called them suckers and losers. He's called a lot of people suckers and losers to be fair
Including the graves of some of the people's
Uh, the some of the occupational uh, some of the soldiers that are marching. Yes his
Their their predecessors he called suckers and losers
According to a general which which notoriously can't be trusted
He seems so horny for this parade. I really thought he would be more into it. Here's the
Oh, here's the squeaky tank
Did they not have music the whole time?
There must have been music right
I don't know if the squeakiness. I don't think tanks are made for their
Uh sonic appeal. It doesn't sound great that it's that squeaky squeaky. I do agree though
They I didn't actually really watch the parade. I've only seen the clips
but
They must have started playing music at some point haven't they ever been to a disney parade not everyone is uk
So we all haven't been to 500 disney parades
I can't be playing for that. You can be played. Look at this guy carrying a drone
This was another classic moment where a guy was carrying a drone
I think that's kind of more realistic because you have to launch the drone by Labran
Uh, I do think there are
Yeah, I do think there are drones the military uses that they kind of like throw actually
But it doesn't look very cool. I would say is is the problem. Well, it's not all about looking cool. Look marching
is stupid.
Why were we doing a parade?
To show that marching sucks.
This was an indie military parade
for people who really get it.
They're not getting bogged down in the details.
We're a loose, chill army
that loves to fuck.
And that's why the parade was such a big success.
You know what,
and you put it that way, they're looking cool.
They're in their baggy baggy baggy baggy baggy jeans.
Or fatigues.
They're doing the cool guy walks
barely giving a fuck.
Only half of them are saluting the president,
because whatever, man.
What even is a salute?
This sounds like a military I can get behind.
Then what are you complaining about?
A military that gives no fucks
and barely marches?
That's a military that I call
super-American.
Are they even called that anymore? Fatigues? I don't know.
Where was the military volleyball game footage?
That would have been smart.
If they just played playing with the boys,
you get your most jack soldiers to come out there
in the little hats and only pants.
Showing off the bod, obviously.
Of course. And then they do playing with the boys
volleyball style right in front of the president.
You think he'd be sleeping then?
Put some burgers out there?
Big table of burgers.
This is actually, I think you cracked it.
They should have done military beach volleyball.
Tournament right in front of the prez.
Sponsored by burgers.
Ooh, that'd be smart to just sponsor it by burgers in general.
Everybody who makes them is welcome.
The military volleyball style.
Sponsored by burger.
Huge table of burgers.
He would have been fully awake and fully bricked.
Marco Rubio yawning during the parade
was funny. Ooh, we gotta find that too.
What time is the movie?
At...
Soon.
I actually can't, I won't be able to stream for too long today.
And Kendall's calling.
Guys, I gotta throw her on the stream.
Happy birthday.
You're on the stream.
Guys, wish Kendall happy birthday.
Sing it.
What? They're singing happy birthday in chat, I swear.
Are you on the way home?
Okay, I'm gonna stop streaming early.
I'm gonna fucking quit.
Okay, I'll get you food.
Oh, guess what happened today?
Just remember you're on stream.
Yeah.
That one thing that I'm gonna do is
I'm gonna go to the beach.
Um...
That thing that you...
I'm not sure you can talk about. Had some other thing happen in it?
No.
Okay.
There are two other people that came with someone said
in and out. Congratulations.
Thank you so much.
Happy birthday, you've earned it. I would even go to
In-N-Out with you today.
All my birthday only, that's crazy.
This is the one time here I'll go to In-N-Out with you.
I'm wicked now.
How far are you from home?
30, okay.
And we're gonna wrap this stream up and get ready.
Okay, I'll talk to you soon.
Happy birthday.
Bye.
How long are we streaming? Six hours? We're good, right?
I think you've been on for 10 minutes.
No, we will almost do an hour.
It's a full...
half a stream for me.
Half is better than nothing.
Oh, sorry, I zoned out.
I'm looking for Marco Rubio yawning.
You're adopting that Marco Rubio attitude
while searching for this footage.
Where is this
intense reaction?
In his defense.
I probably on
at least once in any given hour period,
especially if I'm just sitting looking at a thing.
But it's still pretty funny.
Oh, one more call, one second.
This guy doesn't know that I'm even streaming.
I just got fired.
What? I'm just kidding. That was just Kendall's friend.
Are you ordering a hog
for Kendall to hold?
For Kendall to hold?
I hope not.
You should know.
Hmm.
Well, let's munch and crumb it
with the last bit of time we have
and then maybe a super fast therapy
depending on how long those two take.
Sometimes they really take their time.
Can't you just tell them not to?
I can't do anything. Oh, yeah. I forgot.
I forgot.
Okay, well, look, something about Ripple
is today's Kendall's birthday.
What? Make it all of our birthdays?
No, Jeff. Well, either way,
my name is Jeff Ripple. See you soon.
Oh, baby.
This is a momentous day.
I have been waiting for this.
I
prayed for this
and I suspect it's going to happen.
And by that, I mean today
is the death day of one Leonard Crumb.
Who's still sitting next to me
for the time being?
Man, you look squished up.
Well, I've been stressed.
If my skull is slightly deflated today,
it's because
your threats of death
feel more prescient than usual.
But
I also feel
a great sense
of calm.
Knowing that you have my back chat,
I can't over emphasize
how serious this is.
There's a lot going on in the world.
I don't claim this is
the most important thing. Stop weeping.
Oh my God, don't start crying.
I am just
a lot.
I don't claim this is the most important thing.
Oh my God.
I know I'm not as important as all the news.
Okay. Yes, you're not.
I agree.
But please,
please, my friends, my allies,
my teachers, my students,
my lovers, my fighters,
just have my back just
two more times.
Two more times is all it takes
and
we'll be free together.
Together forever
crumbing better
crumb shot to heaven.
Yeah, you're gonna crumb shot.
You're gonna get a crumb shot all the way to fucking heaven.
When I see your face splattered
all over this crumb sign right behind us
or maybe on the bin logo over there.
I don't even know where the gorilla will choose to punch you,
but wherever it happens,
it will be a look
it might not be fatal.
It might not be fatal chat.
So for anybody fence sitting right now,
I don't want to be an accessory to gorilla murder.
It might not be fatal.
No crumb, no watch.
Let's get that chant going.
No crumb, no, come on audience.
No crumb, no watch,
no,
you were chanting it?
You were chanting it.
I just sometimes I hear a chant
and I just start trying it out.
So you don't want me to die?
No, I'm not obviously I was doing it ironically.
I was doing like this.
No crumb, no watch.
I'm no Max Caster sir.
Is that a thing? No Max, no watch?
Because Max is also a streaming service,
which you can't watch if you don't have Max.
Oh my God, this is why you're gonna die
because you say things like that.
Today's debate is our birthdays better
than today's when you're an adult.
And what a perfect debate
to have on someone's death day.
Can I just say, if I lose,
can we do it the next stream?
You fucking coward because it's Kendall's birthday.
And I'm being trying to be brave.
Oh my God,
I don't want to be in about me today.
I don't want to make my death
the focus on Kendall's big day.
My disgust face
I'm learning looks too much like your sad face.
And that's a dark realization for me.
Or I'll go through it, I guess.
Yes, too much crying.
Man up, just take the gorilla punch.
Just stiffen your chin.
Just do this, and it'll probably not kill you.
Thank you, I'm trying to be selfless.
Even as I face the guillotine
in the form of a gorilla fist.
Way cooler than a guillotine.
Can't do the volleyball anymore during Pride Month.
That would kind of be stealing Pride Month's thunder
if the government in case is horrible idea.
Happy birthday, Kendall.
Thank you so much.
An incredibly beautiful day for so many reasons.
Kendall has a gift to you.
I'm trying to make sure that this man dies.
For Kendall's birthday, can we burst crumbs head?
Like a pinata, that's what I'm saying.
But just I need, can I just get my affairs in order
if I lose? Which, again, chat.
All we need is two more Count them W's.
Or put another way.
Even if you miss this shot, chat.
You got one more shot after this.
But I would say to play it safe,
let's not mess this up.
Let's make it happen today.
Because frankly, do birthdays get better
as you age or worse?
Birthday is better or worse when you're an adult.
They're fucking worse.
Thousand percent the older you get,
the less meaningful they are, the less they mean to you.
The less celebratory the feeling.
The greater the encroaching sense of death
for mortals, I'm assuming like you.
I mean, not but 20 years ago,
you probably would have been celebrating a birthday.
Now you're about to celebrate the exact opposite.
As your face is eliminated by a gorilla's punch.
So I will take the side of no.
You already, you always over-explained
that you're going to be celebrating a birthday
you already, you always over-explained
and then what do you even talk about during the debate?
Whatever I want.
Woo!
Ballin'. Maybe I do that.
Fine. I'm fine to be on the side
of them actually getting better.
I actually think there's an argument
for that being the case.
So I'll be on the side of
they get better when you're an adult.
The permanent pessimist munch,
unsurprisingly,
on the side of worse.
Which I would say is what you make everything.
So what a fantastic way
to shut you up
by being on the side of positivity
as always.
Woo!
Oh, gosh, sorry.
259 times out from
God King size.
Someday we will fix that.
But thank you for all of the support
over all of the years.
And thank you so much for the gift it's up to big people.
Thank you so much.
And thank you so much for the gift it's up to big J.
Dubb.
My ears look weird.
I could only put up with so much.
That's what gets you.
I try so hard.
I try so hard.
The snipers.
They're always snipping at you with their little beaks.
Stop mixing your metaphors.
The snipers are
they're up in the crow's nest
picking you off from a mile away with their little beaks.
Just pecking at you
with their tiny bird bullet beaks
from miles away
sniping at you
with bird bullets.
Do we have a mod that can make this debate?
If not, crumb
as a special treat
as it might be your last one
you can make it.
Well, it looks like I didn't have to
because they've got my back as always.
I'm not going to be a big fan of the
big bull.
I'm not going to be a big fan of the big bull
because they've got my back as always.
Thank you so much for making this debate
which I now plan to make history on
by making myself a winner
in the face
of infinite peril and destruction
which frankly
is the vibe that you need to bring to birthdays
as you get older.
Every birthday past the age of
I'd say 33
is a crucible that tests your commitment to
positivity.
To see each birthday as another
march on the
sight of death as you approach
the blade. But no
do not think of it this way.
Think of it as an opportunity to revel
in the beautiful life that you've lived
to share that joy with those
around you and as your
brain ages and you gain the wisdom
of time. Share that
wisdom with others and allow it
to deepen your appreciation
for every passing year
and that is why
the birthdays of
your golden ages
are the finest of all.
I feel good about that
one much. Well you should
feel good because it's the last debate
you're ever going to get to do.
You know what birthdays get worse
as you get older because
you are getting closer to fucking death
and the last birthday you had
from will be your last birthday
ever. So how exciting does that
make your next birthday? Oh I
don't know I guess it makes your next birthday
non-existent. You ever had fun
at a birthday that you couldn't exist
for? I doubt it. You know those
birthdays they only caught up so high for
most of you and that's why they get worse
as you get older because eventually
those birthdays don't even fucking exist
anymore crumb. So have fun
at your non-existent birthday you
goddamn skeleton.
Worse
is the answer and you
just did worse
all the way to a
motherfucking hearse.
Boom. Let us
fucking go
to the gallows.
You feel that Pac-Man sneaking up behind you?
You're running out of pellets there's ghosts on every side.
What am I in this metaphor?
You're one of the pellets actually.
You're one of the pellets.
Yes.
Yes what's that?
What's that? You gotta do it to my side.
What's that?
What's that?
I'm actually
I'm going to the gorilla.
Look how fucking excited he is.
He gets
you know this cost him $25,000
potentially.
Which you know that's not nothing
but you know what's definitely something
the incredible tensile
strength of gorilla muscle.
Um double
or nothing?
How about nothing or nothing?
That's what you have to look forward to.
Nothing.
There's no time to do it today.
You better not fucking run.
Tomorrow.
What?
Tomorrow.
Because case has a thing on Wednesday. Case won't be streaming on Wednesday.
So tomorrow
I think we gotta do this.
And don't run.
He'll find you
if you run.
You'd be better off just
facing this.
There's a chance he doesn't hit you that hard right?
He's just a gorilla.
Munch, I know
we've had our differences.
We are differences.
That's all we are. We are differences.
Okay.
I know we're different.
We're so different we're not even different.
I refuse to even be compared to you.
That's how different we are.
That's just saying we're the same.
No, we're so different. We're not even different.
Is what I said. Look, please.
I know we don't always see eye to eye.
Yeah, because you don't have eyes.
You don't have eyes. You have two marshmallows that someone filled in with markers.
Okay. I know that you like to insult me.
I know you like to be mean.
I know you like to feel superior.
But this, this could actually kill me.
Are you really okay with you?
You're really okay with organizing my death.
You're the one who bet.
You did a bet. Do bets mean nothing?
You thought you were all about gambling.
Do you stand for fucking nothing?
I know you do. I know you do.
But I thought maybe you could find it inside yourself
to actually stand up for something.
This one's face this down head on.
And by that I mean head on gorilla fist.
No more head.
You're going to miss me if you make me do this.
My last thought
as the molecules of my brain
are dispersed like an infinitely
find mist
into the feted air of this sweaty studio
as the electrons flicker out
as they're rendered to bits.
The last thought I have will be
you'll regret this munch
and I hope you know that.
Your last thought is about me
and how I won.
Sounds like
I'm going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm going to be a little bit more serious
about what I won.
Sounds like even more winning to me.
Sounds like a big time win.
You're going to, you don't want to do this.
You're taking it too far man.
You're taking it too far.
Well we don't have too far to go.
So tune in tomorrow
for the goddamn stream of the century.
The punch heard round the munch.
That's right.
The gorilla punch of crumbs head
and I can't wait to see
this thing finally be
literally gone.
Sorry Matt.
Turns out the super pack
wasn't as powerful as all of you thought.
Let's see what this guy
super packs tomorrow.
See you then. Bye bye.
Geez.
Should I let a potential murder
happen on my stream?
If it's a different segment though
I think I can't get in trouble for it.
I think that's the way it works.
Like I think munch and crumb could get banned
for doing a murder on stream but
I probably am fine because it's a different segment.
Papito can you look up twitch law?
It's fine.
It turns out it's fine.
It's not murder if it's an animal doing it.
If it's in a different reality.
Oh I just have to spin up the alternate reality engine?
Yeah just spin up the alternate reality engine.
I refuse to kill him on kick.
Do I
can don't correspond to murder?
Hey I've told them the whole time.
Settle down. Settle down guys.
I've heard him say it.
I can confirm that.
I send him a message at the end of every time
I cut to them. At the end of every
to every one of their segments. I send him a message saying
guys can you settle down?
Speaking of settling down
I'm impressed that these cat
they've learned the noise of munch and crumb
and the true test
of cat fealty.
They're still there.
Despite while all the noise is munch
and crumb we're making.
They're learning guys.
They're learning and growing.
A gorilla cannot be held accountable for their actions
by man's law. They are a gorilla.
That's the perfect defense. If I get a ping from twitch
I'm just replying with that
and they have to remove it.
Hey I'm excited for this. How will it go?
Only the gorilla know.
But I have my theories.
There is a green couch.
I originally got the green couch
because I knew I was going to put up a green screen.
I was like maybe more green is better
but also I can
key the couch out
if I'm ever sitting on it for a thing.
We may have to put down the gorilla after
it's not even his bet.
He's just honoring a bet between
two gentlemen.
Okay we're going to have to do a therapy
we're pushing therapy again.
Maybe we'll need therapy after
whatever we witness tomorrow.
Because it could be troubling.
It could be hard for all of us to watch
or
very satisfying for some of us to watch.
We'll find out either way.
I'll see you then.
Hopefully. Let's see who's on.
Is Crum going to be crying a lot?
He does do that almost every stream.
So it is a safe bet.
You know because I'm ending early
the usual people I raid aren't even on.
Although I'm also ending at a time
I sometimes end because my stream time is so random.
I guess just nobody's on that I usually raid.
If anybody has
any raid recommendations
happy to take them.
Otherwise I'll just raid
Hassan Abbey.
I see that he's on.
Thank you live and sleazy. Thank you to the master mod live and sleazy.
Thank you for as always coming with the facts.
To keep me somewhat informed.
Um
Matt you know he does have a very
Punchable head so maybe he's just used to it.
Is Dane Cook on?
I'm just going to raid
Peachy Sayon.
I don't know who this is
but they have 91 viewers.
Which is similar to the amount of viewers I have.
So
I'll consider them a kindred spirit.
I know nothing about them.
Let me make sure they're not streaming like
something insane.
No there's playing 5 nights at Freddy's
secret of the mimic.
It's not porn. She seems like a very nice lady.
If she says anything fucked up I take it back.
TBH is on?
Well I guess I could have done TBH.
Though TBH probably doesn't really need a raid.
He's usually doing quite well.
Um
We'll just call it a case raid. Be nice.
We don't know if
this person.
This is very, this is as random as it gets.
They just were in my recommended tab.
So don't
Don't make them feel bad chat.
Be nice.
The message is just case raid.
Or should I make it 5 nights at Freddy's
related?
How about this, if Ghost Crumb wins one
debate, Crumb will come back to life.
Who knows what will happen
if Crumb gets his brain actually
exploded.
I think Gorilla Punch raid might be a little too freaky for them.
Um, but you know
in honor of Fiona's incredible reaction
to any 5 nights at Freddy's game
I'm happy to raid a 5 nights at Freddy's streamer.
So say hi for me.
I really have no justification
for raiding this person so
we'll just go with case raid.
Okay bye bye everybody.
Time to prepare the towels for tomorrow.
And not for the sexy reasons.
For the brain death reasons.
I think
I'll just go with the brain death reasons.