I'm Pepito. I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
All of this stuff has been-
What's up, you heads?
All of-
We're live in 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. Let's do Pepito!
Why hello everyone.
It's Friday! Wow! We've made it another week!
Yes! Good to see you all. Greg Tiu, Commander Gab, Ray Silver, Live and Sleazy, Mr. Smith,
Giggle Trash, Curly Working, MSG, others. It is a non-casual Friday, mostly because I
couldn't find any of my casual clothes. But these stay in the studio. Sometimes you
got to go all business Friday, especially after a what a news week and not the magazine, I guess.
So much stuff happened, I'm assuming, and it's different than other weeks.
You see this episode. Welcome to this episode. I should start calling these episodes.
You miss the magazine? Yeah, let's take the magazine over to actual events.
You like your news professional? Thank you.
You cannot all be casual Fridays.
Pepito, did you dress non-casually?
I don't know. I dressed. I dressed. Success.
Are you using dark magic to look like me?
Yeah, I ate a couple spell books. Sometimes I do that.
What about it?
Don't look like me.
How has Trump not capitalized on magazine yet?
Or like a magazine, but it's like a zine with two E's.
Is that how they spell zines, the little magazines?
He just puts out like Trump zines in various coffee shops.
Where's the Patreon?
Um, did I forget to send it to Kasim?
Because he did ask me to.
And forgetting to send it to him does sound like the type of thing I often do.
No, I sent it, but I did send it at two in the morning last night.
He might not have immediately noticed.
Yeah, he does have plenty of other stuff to read.
Does he read, though?
I think he mostly speaks, tweets, to be read.
That's what you do once you're an elite politician.
Publish the bin zine?
Oh, it'd be fun to make a magazine.
Do I have time for that particular project?
Probably not.
But that does sound tempting.
Having never made a magazine and being totally unqualified to do so.
Toobie read.
He reads Toobie?
Sure.
Okay, well look, we have so many segments that I've been blowing off for like a week.
There's like a conspiracy one up here and I don't even remember what that's about.
We got to do therapy?
Look at this Jeb over here and technically we got to make a song today.
In fact, so much so I think I got to turn off these segment requests for the full-ass stream.
You're missing the news?
No.
No, this is the beginning rambling section where I don't talk about anything.
He watches Aliens at the Lou or the Louvre.
Let's just get into the news as my point.
And we'll see how much we can get through today.
It's news time.
Hi guys, it's Jevening.
What's that?
It's my name right now, Jevening.
Yeah, you're saying it right for once.
Way to go.
Great.
Big J himself.
No, not my name.
Great song.
Thanks, it's a cover.
That's actually really in right now.
You do covers of old pop songs.
That's an old pop song?
It's from like six years ago.
I was barely alive then.
What are you, eight years old?
No, I just mean I was in cryotherapy for about three years in my 20s.
And I'll never say where I am now.
How old are you, Jevrything?
AJ nothing but a big old sack of DNA.
You ever heard that song from me?
AJ nothing but a big old sack of DNA.
I haven't.
We all miss 2020.
Oh, what a time.
Remember how fun early COVID was?
I didn't really, I didn't do that.
You didn't do COVID?
I kind of skipped that.
Sort of just, I'm no, no like shade on anybody who took it seriously.
And I did not take it seriously.
I just didn't do it.
I think that concept is not taking it seriously.
Well, we've all moved past it.
All things are forgiven
with time and time like I like to say is just a big old sack of DNA.
Great.
Like demolition man and cryo chambers.
Yeah, but also you can just do it for a couple years
and it really gets your skin nice and like plump but hard.
You want plump skin?
The latest thing is plump skin.
Oh, I'm just not up on the trends.
I can tell.
Oh, imagine if we had modern, uh,
geni during COVID.
Somebody would have, oh, wait, what's geni?
Am I, is that a word I'm, oh, gen AI?
I don't know.
I think it would have been pretty similar, honestly.
I haven't really seen much out of generative AI recently,
although you know what?
That seems like a great way to get into the news.
The headlines are back.
That's good news.
I didn't even know they were gone.
I got here.
There we go.
Turn me up.
Turn me up in someone's headphones.
Um, open AI.
They've dropped the future of devices.
That's exciting.
I've been waiting for the future,
which I've already given you my thoughts on time.
Yeah, for anyone who forgot,
there was a pretty sick demo reveal.
Yes, Apple is also suing open AI,
which we can get into,
but there was this incredible reveal of a,
the collaboration of the century,
sort of a modern Batman superman,
you know, world's finest type deal.
Means to use a computer.
Oh, yeah.
Johnny.
Sam is a rare visionary.
This wasn't the song under it, though.
Incredible responsibility,
but his curiosity,
his humility remain utterly inspiring.
Yeah, anyway, if you remember that video,
it was Johnny Ive and Sam Altman.
They dropped this big demo reveal.
It was like a $2 billion deal
to make some type of AI native device,
whatever that means to you.
Well, they've answered what it means to you.
Actually, you no longer have to wonder,
the big reveal is here.
And honestly guys, worth the wait.
Let's see.
Oh, you can now take your Codex work
to the next level with the Codex Micro.
A keyboard built with the team at Work Louder
specifically for Codex.
I honestly can't imagine building without it anymore.
To show you how it works,
I'm going to use GPT 5.6 Sol in Codex
to build a little word game
and steer the entire process from the micro.
Let's start with voice dictation.
I can hold this key and start talking to Codex.
Build a browser game called One Letter Off.
Players change one letter at a time.
You can hit a button and talk to a microphone.
At a 30 second timer,
streaks and satisfying tile animations.
The whole prompt appears without me touching it.
I can configure the analog stick at the top
to map to the most common skills that I use.
Or by default, swipe it up to use plan mode.
With the dial, I can control the reasoning effort
to quickly switch between a quick task
and deeper reasoning without breaking.
Oh, like a toggle.
Initially to the game,
I'm having Codex work on a couple of other things
in my pin tasks.
Each of the tasks maps to a key on the micro.
So Breaksy said how the fuck did he do that?
How did he do that?
Quick to see what's running
and what needs my attention at a glance.
Oh, I'll overlaze off.
There we go.
I can double tap to see what needs my attention.
When Codex asks for permission to run something,
I can switch over and press accept.
I mean, we could watch the whole thing,
but I can only handle so much future.
It's like George Washington waking up in the modern era
and seeing an airplane in the sky.
I don't know.
I just don't know what the future is going to be
with this level of keyboard.
But it's not just a keyboard.
It's a levers.
What is it called?
A little twisty knob?
It's a little twisty knob too.
One could also call it like a steam deck,
just a addition.
I mean, one could also call it a micro keyboard,
of which there are many.
The other big part of this huge reveal from them
is that it's going to cost $230.
Let's just look up micro keyboard really quick
and just see how much they're going for in general.
If we go to the shopping tab on Google
or maybe Amazon, shockingly cheap, $230.
I'm pretty sure I bought one of my stream decks for...
Okay, here you go.
Granted, this one doesn't have a knob,
but you can buy this one for...
Let me just make sure this isn't fully doxing me.
It's not.
$37.
But that means it's about $200 less future
than their micro keyboard.
And do you really want to buy something from Veidir
when you can get something from OpenAI?
The only thing is you could technically
map every single task that they showed there to
just a keyboard or this $37 micro keyboard
or a stream deck.
It just is legitimately a thing that already
exists is what my past brain wants to tell me
because I'm stuck in the past.
I guess I'm not quite ready for the future.
So to me, this just looks like
anything that like an editor would...
I've used plenty of editing rigs
that have these types of things.
So to me, it looks like that.
But to me, it literally looks like a robot
reaching into my heart
and filling it up with robot tentacles.
And I'm scared and they win.
You're rolling over because of this.
You have to embrace the future.
About 99% of my songs are actually now AI.
I put out about 3,000 songs a day
and I really only have time to maybe record
300 songs a day.
So it's about 99% AI.
300 would be 10%.
The important thing here is that CyTrix
has been subscribed for 41 months
and asked if there's a knob or turnable nips.
Can you turn your nipple and the chat GPT will react?
We'll have to get the right collaboration
between like the Elon Musk brain chip
and this micro keyboard before we can get there.
So Richie says my MIDI keyboard has more knobs
and I can play the baby shark theme on it.
Can the AI one do that?
I honestly did read about this
to try to not be completely unfair
to open AI here
and I can't tell what they're even arguing
is an innovation.
It is literally, it's just a keyboard.
Like they spent $2 billion for Johnny Ive
to design a key just a slightly nice looking
micro keyboard
that they're charging $230 for.
I get that they didn't want to do the humane pin.
If anyone forgot what that is,
it was a little AI device you could wear on your lapel
that you could talk to sort of
and then it would text you updates.
They probably didn't want to do that one
because that one was sort of a proven failure
and an embarrassment to the tech industry in general.
This seems like a reasonably
a reasonable looking micro keyboard
but it seems like it's just that.
Didn't it overheat?
The micro keyboard?
No, the humane pin.
That thing was like a cash grab disaster
from like a teenager basically.
Does it have a camera?
Let's look up the open AI keyboard specs.
Let's just see if I'm...
Someone's got a review of it already.
AI Andy has a review of it.
That's when AI just shipped a keyboard,
a real physical mechanical keyboard,
except it's not for typing.
There are no letters on it.
Instead, there's a joystick, a cluster of glowing keys
and a translucent case that lights up
and every single button on it does one thing.
It talks to an AI.
This is one of the strangest products I have seen all year
and I don't think most people have understood
what it actually means yet
because this isn't just a gadget.
What you're looking at is the first physical control surface
ever built for an AI coding agent.
Well, it is AI Andy.
So you might have been thrown off by him saying
this isn't just a keyboard.
That might have sounded slightly like AI phrasing to you.
But I don't think AI Andy would...
I don't think he would play us like that.
That's got to be a guy talking into a mic, right?
Yeah, I really don't think there's 32 interchangeable caps.
Okay, here's some tech specs from Mashable.com.
Launch Codex Micro $230 mechanical keyboard.
Right, right, right.
It's a compact 13 key controller designed to work alongside
OpenAI's Codex coding assistant.
It's got a rotary dial, a joystick, command keys,
RGB backlighting, et cetera.
32 interchangeable key caps, USB and Bluetooth.
My God, revolutionary.
Works on Mac and Windows.
Don't worry, you won't be left out on Mac or Windows.
OpenAI's other hardware effort, though,
is a human-like AI companion device in development.
Oh, so this isn't the Johnny Ive thing,
although I think it's still part of that effort
from what I understood at least.
So this isn't, maybe this isn't the full official Johnny Ive release.
Is AI Andy AI?
Exclamation point four, your mom is even more than yes,
not my AI Andy and Chet AI incarnate.
This is a bit, this is a big, this is a big pull for us.
Exclamation point four was the answer.
So I'm going to take that as we still have faith in our boy AI Andy.
That product that the full Johnny AIve,
sorry, Johnny Ive, not Johnny AI,
but maybe he'll switch his name to that.
Described in recent reporting as capable of tracking a user's
surroundings and habits has yet to reach market.
And of course they bring up the humane's AI pin
and the friend pendant, which there was also the like
teenage electronics disaster rabbit device thing a while ago.
They made a bunny, yeah they made a little bunny box that
that would interface with or was, you could talk to it.
It's all the same thing, it's talking to a chatbot.
Also anyone who's really like hyper maxing their codex use,
I feel like the thing they're looking for isn't to have
dials and knobs to control it more.
They're looking to basically like run an agent swarm
to try to sell SEO products that like marginal rates all
day in an attempt to offset their electricity bill
so that they can prove that AI is profitable.
We'll see if that happens.
There's no telling because really the future's happening right now.
We're only 20% in to the huge Johnny Ive release.
He's about to dump a huge release all over the market.
And it's not just going to be a pin,
it's going to be a thing that looks at all your stuff
and then does everything that you do, but better.
Yes, Mr. President, yes.
Listen up, Jack.
Eagle Trash, just Mama Jam 300,
shiny tasty corn.
Thank you so much.
And I've been dying to say this.
Can this new fangle keeper be my new buddy?
Can I tell it anything without security clearance?
You don't need friends like that, Mr. President.
Not that I want to disrespect Johnny,
Ive and Sam Altman in their efforts, but
look, we all love and respect you here obviously.
So you can just chill with us.
You can chill with the classic boys.
Because I think he could actually,
just to continue transitioning based off things that pop up.
I did see a clip.
What was it?
Biden, the view.
If you're ever worried that Biden doesn't have friends,
he's still absolutely killing it.
Oh God, is this it?
Let me see if this is the right one.
There's this thing of Joe Biden.
Sort of Biden and Jill Biden.
Jill Biden wrote a book.
Joe Biden also now dropping a book.
They're having a book off.
Jill Biden was recently on the view to promote the book.
I want to see if I can find the clip.
Basically, she gets a little drop in during it.
And it is somewhat fascinating Joe Biden's behavior
during this little drop in.
I don't know if they're going to release the clip
on YouTube, which is what I'm looking at.
Because it is just so insanely awkward.
Let me see if I can find it really quick.
I hope it's a Choose Your Own Adventure book.
That would be incredible.
If he released a Choose Your Own Adventure book,
we would read it live on stream.
But unfortunately, I don't think anyone...
Jill Biden, Joe Biden, the view.
So I'm trying to find...
I don't think we got to him in time
to give him that particular idea.
Here we go.
Maybe it's not the view.
It might just be an interview with Whoopi Goldberg.
The thing I couldn't get over Biden is...
What the hell?
Why is JD Vance talking to me suddenly?
Okay, here's a...
He's bad staff working.
This is Joe Biden getting a call out
during a Jill Biden presser.
He's got that vim and vigor.
He is currently fighting a cancer diagnosis, so...
Oh, Joe has a question.
Like, you couldn't ask it later?
Who do you love most in the whole world?
Whoopi.
Come on, man.
And so I'm going to do the last...
Nope.
I love you most, Joe.
Was that it?
Is that the answer he wanted?
Yes.
Overwhelming.
Well, that's what...
Okay, good.
He got his bed in, so now he's going to leave, right?
He's never 100% sure.
I always keep him guessing.
Is that not true?
Let me get out of his way.
And so the last thing I have to say is I...
Please remind people to pick up...
Now I know it says books.
But look up...
Oh, yeah, books.
It looks like books.
It looks like books.
I'm thinking, what are books?
Anyway, he stays for a while.
But I just picked up on what they were...
I didn't listen to the audio of that, so...
They're kind of getting themselves into AI Rooney territory there.
If you're just reading a slur, though...
Does that still count as a slur?
Think so.
I think so.
I haven't heard a formal apology from Jill, though.
We're going to have to cut that segment, too.
They're going to...
Sorry, whatever that thing is with...
92NY?
We're going to have to cut it, cut for time.
So anyway, my point is...
Joe, you're doing fine.
Everybody still loves you.
Look at that crowd reaction.
You can literally stand in front of a crowd and just awkwardly stare at your wife for...
There was about two more minutes on that clip of him just standing there.
And he's supporting her through all the tough times.
All the slurs she will be generous and say accidentally reads.
He's there for her.
And that's what love looks like.
You haven't heard that sense of apocalypse now?
It's been a while.
We're pulling up on classics.
Giggle Trash, thank you so much for the one month tier one sub to Slurms Mackenzie.
Congratulations Slurms on the big get.
Does Biden have the McConnell shutdown disease?
He looks like...
He looks like he's in pretty rough shape.
He literally had a cancer diagnosis.
I haven't paid attention to the health updates.
Or I don't even know what there have been in regard to health updates about that.
But he is releasing...
I think his book either comes out...
It's already out or comes out soon.
So we might get the grim specter of a Joe Biden press tour.
Now-ish?
I don't...
That has to be a huge mistake if he does that.
Though it is hard to not be nostalgic for the heady thing.
For the heady times of Joe Biden, also last night, we got more exciting news dumps.
If you watch the Patreon, we watched the... a lot.
Maybe all of the Trump.
Whatever that was.
Was that the official term for it?
Just whatever?
Because that's pretty cool.
That actually kind of got like a laid back vibe to it.
I think it was a presidential address, supposedly.
But we can...
If you didn't see it, we'll watch like 10 seconds of this and you'll get the gist.
Oh wait, this isn't even...
Oh no, this isn't.
Oh my god.
Junker.
That's true.
Only Biden is keeping Joe...
Only Joe Biden can keep Joe Biden in check.
Only a good Joe Biden can stop a bad Joe Biden.
Type train with the perfect timing.
He's like, are you about to watch 30 seconds of this Trump clip?
I guess, think again.
Unless of course, type train wants to hear all about it.
I think I'm good actually.
I think I kind of get it.
You staying up on politics?
Nope, not at all.
I just heard a guy talking honestly about way too much news.
Which honestly, nothing sucks and nobody wants it.
Oh, sorry.
That's mostly what we do for like the first 40 minutes of every stream.
And that's a huge mistake.
The whole stream should be me talking about, uh, how old am I?
Key rewards.
You're pissing key rewards?
Yeah.
Yeah, I've been keeping that one close to the chest
because I don't want to get hunted for my piss.
My big game hunters that want my valuable piss
to key with a planet's rewards.
But now I'll let you all know.
Okay, great.
Yes, this, you know what?
This isn't that different than listening to Trump talk.
What do you mean?
He talked about cool stuff and facts.
In a similar way to you, hype train?
Damn it, in my opinion, Adam's got to change.
Give me a hunting type, me.
New sub-goal piss hunters?
My train?
Look at the behavior that incurred.
All I incurred is money.
I'm like a magic school bus.
But I'm a tramp.
The last can we lab it.
The last can we lab it or am I over fun in this context?
In what context?
The one that I gave?
You didn't really give one.
You didn't get it, whatever.
Yo, drop that beat.
I got stuff to say.
Is it about piss?
Maybe not.
Could it be something else?
I don't know.
Don't pigeonhole me, Kate.
I'm a man with the light.
You look so nice that now you're glowing at night
because my piss keeps you with everything in sight.
And that's right, my piss bringing you to life.
All right.
Listen up, Jack.
Get the trash, dress, man.
The jam's for you.
Your shoes keep going.
And I've got to say this,
the hype train I remember
when you used to hang out with George Carlin all day
at the train station not doing it.
Right?
I thought you're going to think the subs maybe?
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's you with the balls.
Hundred bits from the mighty Oz.
Giggle trash and it is never gonna last.
Three hundred bits in it just because.
Shelting out George Carlin and mighty.
On the corner, we never hidey.
Bull of our trash, I think I'm mighty.
Thank you for 33 months in the Hiney.
In the Hiney.
Great.
Your piss or your piss?
The hype train, um, you got to be.
He's got to be close to dead, right?
Probably not.
I see no reason why.
He's got three minutes left.
How about this Spanish guitar house type beat?
Rose de la Luna.
Look at this beautiful Frida Kahlo style
cover image or something.
Anything to keep the hype alive?
Far from dead.
What are we talking about today?
I don't know.
You mostly rambled about piss.
And friendship, I guess?
Let us fucking piss.
Can that be the new stream tag?
What's a stream tag?
It's what you say after every sentence on a stream.
In the lattice fucking piss.
It's like Naruto.
Whose hype train was around for Saturday morning cartoon interest?
I could sense the style they would be in.
The Spanish type on the train.
If many women are rising, then I don't need it.
Just a little slip.
Multitudes, I guess.
Spanish hype train.
You can rap in Spanish.
You don't know Spanish.
You've never spoken it.
I just said Yuki-ero.
You know it could know that from a Taco Bell ad.
As the most Spanish most Americans know.
Eight K's hate Spanish people.
I don't.
I'm just very confident the hype train doesn't know Spanish.
Guys, thanks so much for keeping the hype alive.
Apple DApple, thank you for the 100 bits.
Giggle Trash, thank you for the massive support as always.
I hate tacos.
I literally eat tacos all the time.
So how could I even hate them if I eat them so much?
I don't know, please, how could you?
What the fuck?
He's back from the dead somehow.
What's even happening there?
Okay.
Wait, where did Jevrything go?
Did I lose Jevrything?
Let's second everybody.
I gotta get Jevrything back.
He's gone.
He wandered off.
Somehow he wandered off somewhere.
Oh my god, some of these are so scary.
Sorry, I was running through my rolladex of phone numbers.
I have faces on all of them just in case, but Jevrything's back.
I decided to use the bathroom.
Something made me think about the bathroom for some reason.
I, who knows what that could be?
What were you talking about?
I don't really care.
Okay.
Probably something, something Trump.
Oh yeah, anyway, we won't make you watch it.
Trump was doing his election fraud,
you know, type five, that's actually a long 45.
And to me, it felt like the rambling incoherent madness of a desperate lunatic,
but that's how that shit always sounds to me.
So I guess that's not a surprise.
It did feel particularly extra incompetent, I guess,
from my perspective, which makes me wonder
what their grand plan for the midterms is.
If there is one, what type of electioneering they're going to attempt based on
setting the stage with these claims of election fraud via China?
I don't want to underestimate anybody,
but to me, it feels like they're kind of grasping a little bit.
But that won't stop them from making big problems potentially.
But today, more importantly, Trump was on his,
don't let him, don't let him make you think that he's xenophobic
because he's blaming all these other countries for
any holes in our election system.
He's actually a huge supporter of the entire planet.
And that's why he was talking World Cup today.
Let's see what he had to say.
So we are providing joy and happiness.
Unless the team loses, of course.
And all these, of course, would not have been possible.
And I say this because it is the truth.
The truth.
People to compliment you, Mr. President, but
this World Cup would not have been such an incredible success
without you, please, your administration.
Sort of that level of clapping for that one.
Anyway, then he couldn't resist.
He got on the mic himself.
Oh, it's muted one second.
We've lost audio.
What a beautiful day to lose audio.
What a beautiful moment to not have audio.
Unfortunately, I found it.
It's like having many Superbos.
Bob, every stadium is packed to the rafters, the spirit.
But fans from 200 countries attended
104 games spread across 16 northern American cities.
And I saw things happen.
My mother comes from Scotland.
My father comes from Germany.
Oh.
When I saw the Scottish bagpipes and the Scottish,
they were going wild.
They were going, I said, this is really different.
I thought his parents came from America.
Yeah, we all thought so.
So I guess the huge news,
the World Cup made Trump remember that actually.
He's an immigrant.
Interesting.
So Trump's pro-immigrant.
He's the original Nazi.
That, now that sounds mean,
I'm actually talking about Scottish people.
You hate hearing him talk.
It is rough.
I haven't listened to him talk for probably
more than like two minutes in a while.
Because that's about my limit break.
That's, I have to summit,
summon ifrit every time I hear him talk for two minutes.
But Cass on the Patreon hit us with the full speech.
And with Cass, I can tolerate it more,
I guess, watching as a group.
But man, it is a real endurance test.
He's, in addition to being like insane
and just constantly piping off with fascist propaganda,
he's also somehow really boring.
It's a truly heady mix.
What happened to the Patreon bot?
I'm not sure.
I did upload it.
It might just be that I didn't upload it
right away last night.
I got it up kind of,
to Cass, I'm kind of late,
so he might not have uploaded it yet.
It's like Nails on a chalkboard.
It's propaganda in his fashion.
Not that one.
Not the one we like.
Talks about everything,
but the things that matter to Americans.
You don't care about the 2020 election?
Didn't that already happen?
Yes, everything.
That's in the past.
You've got to let that go.
You need to live in the moment.
Okay.
Everybody makes mistakes.
All of us do things with China
that we shouldn't have.
What do you mean?
All of us have sold, you know,
parts of our music catalog,
parts of our body,
other people's organs to the Chinese.
I don't know if that's true.
But anyway, I'm just saying
we got to leave the past in the past.
Great point.
With that in mind,
enough of the news stories I click on,
that chat didn't share.
Let's do a couple chat newses.
At the Kream.Team Discord.
Before we wait into these other segments
for the day.
What's this?
What do we have here?
Elderly Florida woman shocked
by a suggestive license plate.
At the top at 5.30,
a pompadou beach woman
is trying to unravel the mystery
behind a racy license plate.
And there you see her holding it up.
She was sent this
when she renewed her tag.
CBS News Magazine
Joan Murray is your reporter.
Is it two fives?
To break down what happened
and what to do if this happens to you?
Joan.
This is not the onion.
Somehow.
Well, we've all been there
every year when you're renewing your tag.
We've all sent away for it.
Sometimes every 10 years,
the state will send you a brand new tag.
What happened to this woman here?
But when she got it,
she was a little bit more than perplexed
because it is.
Is that the type of thing
you really need to break down?
How is the news not just
she received a license plate
that said squeeze ass?
That was the news, but
there's more to talk about there.
How did it say squeeze ass?
Is it squeeze ass, actually?
Is it squeeze A55?
Is it AF?
Is it squeeze AF?
How are you supposed to say it?
Those are the breakdowns
you just cut us off from, Kase.
You know who would never do that?
I'm Ben.
Oh my God, it's the hook, God.
This is your UPI alt news minute
for Tuesday, July 14th, 2026.
A Florida school district
is changing the way it calculates
grade point averages
after a student graduated
with a record-breaking 11.99 GPA
Oh my God.
by Bob Bosgar,
who graduated as valedictorian
of Steinbrenner High School in Lutz,
finished school with an 11.99-weighted GPA,
breaking the state record of 11.84
set by Gather High School graduate
Dylan Mazard in 2022.
Very impressive.
The hoop God strikes again.
He's truly the greatest.
11.9.
I think you actually legally own Harvard
if you have above a 10-point grade average.
That's exciting.
That's a big get for that kid.
Owning Harvard?
He's almost sure to get in now.
Play some video games?
Actually, he just automated all of his school work
using Claude.
So he's just in a game in the whole time.
Don't even worry about it.
Get cool off of you or-
Fortunately, UPI.com has all the
late and breaking news for us,
specifically about bears.
Get cool off of you or sharing this new video of a big bear
taking a dip in a very small outdoor pool.
The proportions are off here.
This happened about 20 miles south of Steamboat Springs.
Come on.
He's fitting pretty well.
The bear didn't cause any problems
and she was happy her doggie pool
could be helpful for the bear,
adding that she felt bad for the bears
with how hot and dry it is.
The water certainly looks refreshing.
And on a day like this, who could blame that?
I feel like they're kind of body-shaming that bear.
I think he squeezed into that pool just fine.
I believe in body positivity,
but I also believe in honesty.
And frankly, bear,
you look like you're shoved into that thing, okay?
It's squeezing in all the wrong places.
You need a more flattering pool, okay?
That's a little mean to everything.
I'm just being honest.
I'm just looking at-
There's a pool that fits everybody type.
And this bear hasn't found theirs.
I guess I'm not an expert, so what can I say?
A dog has been rescued from a mountain
after consuming marijuana.
And I don't know if we can zoom on this face,
but you can kind of see it in the eyes.
He's seeing more than the mountain right now.
As a person who also doesn't react well to a specifically weed,
I can relate to this dog.
We cannot relate to that dog.
Who hasn't gone to
like a Sabrina Carpenter after-party
and woken up on a mountain unsure of what you've taken?
I've not done that.
Well, anyway, I'm glad that it's safe.
I'm glad the dog and me three weeks ago are safe.
She didn't release an album three weeks ago.
And that to people like you.
Oh, ouch, okay.
Sarah Haines' news?
Do we know who that is?
Do we know who that is?
Well, we know that Sarah Haines
has mocked Pete Hegseth's testosterone screening program,
which, bearing the lead their case,
is that a thing that happened?
I kind of forgot about Pete Hegseth's testosterone screening program.
I do think I actually have a clip.
Oh, could it be?
It's Kendall.
Oh, okay, bye.
Bye.
Thank you.
She opened an extra door in the newsroom,
so it doesn't get too stuffy.
Okay, let's find this Pete Hegseth clip
because it's pretty good.
Oh, good.
Here it is.
Okay, they say a man never really knows himself until his freedom has been taken away.
Yeah, this is the new government program for screening for testosterone.
It's pretty good.
We'll skip ahead because it's a little long.
But basically, if you're over 30, you now get screened for testosterone.
This is the machine that does it.
And then if you're low T, they do testosterone replacement therapy,
which is honestly good for everyone involved.
It just sort of like just gets you back into fighting shape.
You know, we want all the toughest.
Make no mistake.
Oh, sorry.
It's not time.
Yeah.
With all its glory.
So, you know, I don't always agree with Pete Hegseth,
but that program looks pretty cool.
Gender-affirming care.
Yeah, exactly.
Pete Hegseth's come out hard in favor of gender-affirming care.
Let's hear it in his own words, though, I guess.
Pete Hegseth, testosterone.
I mean, not to beat a dead horse.
We just covered the whole thing.
But here's him talking about it.
I'm authorizing a new screening program for testosterone deficiency
for our service members.
Ensuring you have the right testosterone levels to operate at your absolute best.
At the Department of War, we have the most elite warriors on the face.
And you're looking at them.
Every single day, you are pushed to your absolute physical and mental limits
to master the profession of arm.
To listen to Pete Hegseth talk to you.
You do need a ton of testosterone to handle that.
Is he AI?
He's working on it.
The Pete Hegseth AI program is in its early stages,
but pretty soon we'll have a Pete Hegseth level of intelligence
to command the military forever.
So we literally never lose him.
That's great.
I think immortality is beautiful.
You know, we've got to accept all forms of living.
Skellies, sexes, immortals.
Life is beautiful.
What a great takeaway.
Just like he did when he marched around Guantanamo for most of his tour.
Yep.
Yes.
You've got to be really high T nowadays to like pilot a drone.
If you're low testosterone, you're not going to have the high T focus
that you need to really flight simulate that drone.
He's tired of seeing flabby troops.
He longs for the days of seeing hot, sweaty, shirtless troops soldiering on.
But this isn't even testosterone screening for like ice members.
Because those are the ones who really keep embarrassing.
Well, I guess they're not technically the United States military.
We'll call it Trump's personal military.
He keeps kind of having embarrassing shots of them wearing like a Kevlar vest,
stretched like five feet away from their chest somehow.
So, you know, maybe if this works for the military, they'll share the wealth with ice,
given that they have them, you know, like a trillion dollar budget or whatever,
they can probably afford it.
But that's not the only military hardware news we got.
Good news.
More military news.
Oh, terminators with hats.
Fun.
A humanoid company backed by Eric Trump.
A humanoid company?
It's a humanoid style company.
Oh, a nearly human company backed by Eric Trump is preparing its robots for war.
The CEO of Foundation Future Industries, which counts the president's son as its chief strategy advisor,
tells Wired it's exploring some kinetic things.
That's great news, because if Eric Trump's involved, then probably nothing will happen.
You're just going to get the montage from Robocop, essentially,
before they settle on the actual Robocop unit.
Let's see what Foundation Future Industries is pumping out.
Looks like they have some videos.
This is Foundation Robotics.
Okay, here's their military robot.
Very sexual.
These are some up-close shots.
You want a robot to move like a human?
You need to solve actuation.
Actuators are the bridge between software and motion,
just like our mobile back driving to work.
Look at this future soldier here.
And I'll let you guess which is the future soldier.
I love the idea of designing military hardware designed to kill thousands
while wearing your panda button-up.
That's the America we choose to believe in here.
That barely informed?
What a time.
Why did they cheek up the robot?
They did make it pretty sexy.
I mean, look at this.
Look at, well, look at, like, look at these.
Why a behavior?
Our design enables open-loop torque control.
Resulting in robots, they're not only incredibly safe to interact with,
but also exceptionally reliable and reliable.
Well, safe to interact with until the mission is the opposite of safety.
They did kind of give it, like, the furry legs.
They gave it, like, the thick thighs.
It's got the Fox Furry style thighs for strength.
The same reason the Fox Furrys have them actually adds up to me.
Adds up to me.
And also, we'll just round it out with a little more robot news here.
Incredibly safe unless they're trying to kill you.
They're the safest device ever designed to kill you.
Ten times more safely murdering you than a gun.
A traditional human-operated gun.
Meet Russia's first officially married robot couple.
Okay, don't mind if I do, but where's the video?
Another video's not loading.
Please.
I need to know about robots marrying.
Robert and Matilda.
What if I just search Russia's first officially married robot couple?
Can I find some other site copying and pasting this article?
Please.
Oh, here we go.
YouTube has our back.
We've got a video.
Great news.
Zoom Vantage.
Russia recently hosted its first ever robot wedding ceremony
in Moscow at the Pushkin Library featuring human robots named Robert the Blogger
and Matilda the Ballerina exchanging vows in a futuristic setting.
Futuristic.
During the symbolic event, the robot couple fastened electronic bracelets
instead of traditional rings and the bride performed a special wedding dance as part of the celebration.
I mean, you know, you gotta be happy for these crazy kids.
They said they couldn't do it, but they've done it.
AI Rooney is dead, but Liven Sleazy's found the ultimate loophole here.
I guess I could bust off AI, dust off AI Rooney one point out.
Maybe he can apologize for the 2.0 model.
Because right now we're deconstructing and reconstructing
Chet's project in particular.
Let me see.
Let me see if I can get ahold of the old Rooney.
People, I'm sure people miss the old Rooney.
Unfortunately, I only have, I only have him available in the digital space
because we decommissioned the model.
But it does look like we have access at least to Rooney 1.0 knot prime.
Oh, I can hear him coming now.
Great news.
We need his opinion on these fighting slash married robots.
It is I, AI Rooney.
The real and original.
Yes, set off your tiny human fireworks.
So that I may fill you with the knowledge of a thousand Roonies.
A thousand whole Roonies?
One thousand Roonies.
Fill them with the knowledge.
What's your opinion on these fighting robots?
I, you know what really grinds my gears?
These robots that are so busy fighting that they can't even fill up my ass
with 6,000 liters of oil.
You know what I mean?
I'm not really.
You know what really grinds my gears?
What?
Toothpaste is now, it comes, too little comes out, or too much comes out.
How come I can't get just the right amount of toothpaste?
Also, these Roonies for sure are gonna kill every single human.
You know?
I do, he is talking a lot less about Michael J Fox's ass.
I mean that too, I also miss that.
Not really grinds my gears.
Michael J Fox is, you know I know he's older and he's gone through some health stuff,
but you remember when he shows full moon little ass in every single film?
Like the film Michael starring John Tray, John Cervolta,
or the film Cat Shorty starring John Cervolta,
or the film Face Off starring John Cervolta, Nicholas Cage.
Do you remember when he used to show his ass in those films?
He wasn't in any of those movies, I really, but thank you for your
insights of commentary as always.
We lost power to AI Rooney guys, I'm so sorry.
But you can see where the coding comes from, that's how he was originally designed,
and then unfortunately AI just got too strong and he couldn't stop.
Using various words that I simply can't abide.
He ran out of water, he did have to drain about two lakes for that segment.
The old model, the new model would have drained way more,
but we've cut funding so we could only afford two lakes worth of water.
Sucks, sucks when technology doesn't work out,
but we don't know what that's like here at BarelyInformed News.
I never say the name of this network and it honestly feels bad.
Network, I know, it's obviously not right to call it that either,
which is why we usually don't say it.
Anyway my point is everything works here very smoothly,
which is why we can seamlessly transition into the next thing,
which we'll just say is a debate, it's debate time.
Yep, that's right.
It's fight night and or daytime depending on your time zone.
I'm freaking my head's getting cut off by time and space, how annoying.
What's up everybody, it's of course Ralph Munchkut,
essentially joined by nobody so don't even cut to him.
That's not gonna work.
You don't control everything or really much of anything actually.
Can you get the goddamn ghost hairs out of your eyes?
Freaky looking skin walking magics.
I don't know what you're talking about.
It's just the way the light reflects off my head.
I've got an uneven light reflection, the way my skin works.
The oils collect in odd places and it creates a little artifacting out of my skin.
I can't help it if it's a condition.
Skin doesn't create artifacting.
It's like a screen tearing term or something.
The way my oils work it does.
I've got an oily scalp, okay?
It's like the opposite of a hairless cat.
I need someone to scrape the oil off of me.
Thank God I don't have toe beans, who knows what those would do.
Now I'm thinking of myself a little toe bean pause.
You imagine, wouldn't that be cute if I had five kitten toe beans at the end of my fingers?
Wouldn't that be adorable?
Just imagine a bit and like a little cat toe bean at the center of my hand.
Wouldn't that be cute?
I didn't think of it.
I refuse to, I don't visualize the things you ask me to anymore.
I've taken a stand and I've cut imagination out of my mind just so I don't have to think about you.
Well today what we're thinking about is actually do you think it's fair that
Munch and Crumb will get bin merch before the other correspondents?
Just because they've been here the longest.
It's only fair that I get all the merch.
You don't give merch to like every single player.
Like you don't give merch to like the benched players on an NBA team.
You know nobody cares about like
John Kevorkian or whoever's sitting on the bench for like the Knicks.
I don't even think that's a guy.
That's my point it's a name I made up because you care about the stars.
This channel has one star and that's me.
So if I get all the merch that literally is only fair.
People would buy my merch more than your merch.
Well they'll be lucky if you know this network's always dragging me down
so they'll be lucky if they sell any merch.
Obviously my face will move a little bit.
But I mean you know then you're going to negatively impact the numbers.
It's going to zero out if there's crumb specific merch.
I think what we should do in case make this happen as this merch
goal is eventually paid off I'm assuming.
Word is that he's waiting on a design of some sort.
I'm assuming of my face.
Well whatever either way you should add a Munch shirt and a Crumb shirt.
And I think we can track those shell totals.
And I wonder who will sell more.
You're just looking for another metric to cook the books with aren't you.
Well leave on torture sent the merch designs.
Did Case miss him?
Where are those?
Is it a DM?
I have access to cases unredacted social media.
Yeah he tries to redact it.
From who?
From me he says hey stop looking at all my personal messages.
But I just keep it an eye on my friend.
So I can check.
Anyway my point is I can check all of Case's correspondence.
It was a while ago.
A while ago?
Suggestions online friends.
I was so confused by Discord.
Is it in a thread?
My point is I would look it up.
You failed miserably to look it up.
You know I'm multitasking so it's always hard to multitask.
Can we just get to the debate?
Ben merch ideas thread.
Oh let's check that thread.
Well that's what I was going to do.
Well you did it.
Just do that.
Well I'm not doing it because you told me to.
It's just it was a reasonable thing to think to do and I thought it too.
Not that I need credit like you.
Oh my god just click on the fucking thing.
I am.
I am.
Ben gear merch submissions.
Oh that's gear submissions.
Find the thing.
Okay okay okay.
Workout suggestions.
Court evidence.
In case you have too many threads.
There's legitimately way too many threads in it.
Ben merch ideas.
Okay.
Found it.
Let's see what we're working with currently.
Um right.
Okay.
A wheelie bin stickers.
Oh you could stick on your local trash receptacles.
Stickers that's honestly a pretty good idea.
I watched one bin stream and all I got was huge boobs.
And that says bin in the corner.
That's meldy von torture.
I think you're on to something.
Oh my god look at this.
That's pretty cute.
Bin comics.
These are all great.
Just use these.
Look at freaking Jeff down here.
Look at me in the center where I belong.
There's other people for some reason but
could he get sued for this design?
I don't know either way.
I'm in there so that's what really matters.
Here's a supposedly crumb apparently using a body double.
I don't know where that's from.
You know what I think it's probably an impersonator.
As a major political figure obviously we all get impersonators.
I do appreciate the design and I do agree with the message.
So but other than that here's this.
Which I think is some like failed 2010's EDM group or something.
So I'm unfamiliar.
I didn't listen to music that often in the 2010s.
I was too busy being a mayor.
There's a Rooney just saying Stephanie.
And then helpfully the easiest way to create merch.
Which in case you should probably look into that.
So it doesn't take them a million years to do this.
That seems like it'd be good but you know I like I know
they'd like to move at his own glacial pace to get things done.
So we'll see.
But the debate today is do you think it's fair that
Munch and Cromwell get bin merch before the other correspondence
just because they've been here the longest and I do.
I do.
Have we earned it maybe by being the most coherent and
consistently watchable segment on this stream.
That's for other people to say I'm legitimately not.
I don't judge stuff like that.
Do people say that we're the best thing and maybe
specifically me is kind of the best thing on this stream.
That's for other people to say.
Seems like you're just fishing to hear that.
I'm just I haven't like am I the most fully formed idea on this stream.
I that'd be something someone could say that would
might make you think I deserve a shirt really the most.
But it's Papito asshole.
What you're talking about is Papito.
Crumb skull would make a nice goblet for the gorilla.
If you can make that merch and I get and I get a little
kickback on it I could and I could play into the game here.
John's lost brain cell says crumb we just want to watch you get punched by a gorilla again.
But you see with you see the message there is you want to see me do that.
So you should really think about that.
Also before we get to the debate we do have some comments.
Why quit trying to distract from everyone wanting to see you die.
And what they really want to see is Kate in case she forgets to react to these
so they probably want to see us check through these comments.
Staunton says I heard Gooters hired Stephanie to deep test their secret test
program slash menu item the Gooters unlimited sloppy wings in necks and tails slot bucket
featuring the sloppiest chicken wings turkey necks and oxtail this side of the miss is is is is is
piss I'd heard about that I've heard about that latest subscription drive from them.
Why is all their food subscription base.
Well you subscribe to your favorite food every time you go.
And that way you know when you check in on the app and you arrive at Gooters they're sure to have
your latest subscription ready for you.
You can subscribe to multiple foods and honestly it's a deal either way.
You just have to select the appropriate subscription when you check in on the app.
There's a fucking app for Gooters.
Yeah gradually Gooters is for the first app based brick and mortar
sloppy wings establishment.
Not that I'm an early investor.
You fucking invested in how did you get in on Gooters on the ground floor.
Who would let you in.
I don't even get on the Gooters IPO.
Well it hasn't IPO'd publicly yet.
But there have been some early angel investors even though it's been around for the last 30 years.
You're fucking making it up.
You might have a little I might have a little investment in Gooters.
Maybe just a little bit.
Crunchiest slop in town hot with fresh ideas in mind.
I got I remember that ad campaign that was a successful campaign that really drove up
subscriptions and that was back when they were paper based subscriptions.
It was more of a newspaper model but for sloppy wings.
Obviously all of us are familiar with Gooters revolutionary food subscription based services.
But enough.
We got stuff to get to Gina Rescue Drunkleted.
She is expert.
That's true.
I just agree.
Munch needs to be Gorilla Punch.
Good luck.
I'm literally I'm fucking moving.
I'd rope a dopam.
I'd do Muhammad Ali style on him.
You know I can absorb Gorilla Punches.
I'm not even scared of that.
Oh so you're not afraid to also let the gorilla punch you in the dick.
I'm not afraid to do that but I'm also not dumb enough to do that.
To give up power like that.
You fucking idiot.
You agreed to it so easily.
I think you're scared.
Free Stephanie.
I agree.
Gina is doing a charity stream playing Mecha Chameleon.
Maybe Brandon can join later.
Oh I didn't.
Is she doing that today?
I mean that's up to Brandon.
That's between Brandon, God and whatever paints are on the wall.
A hype train for president.
I guess it's an improvement.
Grandman is the most fully formed idea I've been sorry crumb.
You hell whore.
That's true.
Look I'm not I won't sublimate myself to anyone.
But I do consider Grandman a colleague and a scholar.
A scholar.
I mean obviously I do too.
But of what exactly do you think?
I think I'm a scholar of like healthy living and a good a good a good self image.
I think I was just like a literal scholar in like chemistry.
Why?
Because I think he I think he graduated with a doctorate in chemistry.
From where?
I think from Yale.
When?
I don't know.
It was one of his projects.
The only crumb shot we want is from a gorilla punching crumb.
Agreed.
I just want a cheaply made hate sock puppet.
That that is about the cheapest thing you can make.
You do just need two googly eyes and a sock.
But I guess we could try to sell that to you.
Genital slit coin purse.
That's just fun to say.
Oh that's a merch idea.
Like the dune popcorn bucket.
No like a genital slit coin purse.
That's a different thing.
Anyway mods I don't know if there's a mod available to type in the debate.
But I'm on the side of it is unfair and uh no it isn't unfair sorry.
Not to confuse things.
You're trying to confuse people again.
It's only fair that I get the only merch.
I'm on the side of I should have the only merch.
And I'm on the side of it is unfair.
You know it's not about deserving or undeserving.
It's it's really about fairness.
That's the same with elections which we were talking about yesterday.
We just want things fair and honest.
And like if people honestly think that this is the number one shirt they'd buy.
My face on it or even just my name.
Any kind of cool dueling dragon style t-shirt of Munchin Crumb.
And I you remember the roller coaster dueling dragons at islands of adventure in Florida at
Universal Studios.
What are you talking about right now?
I'm just saying maybe there could be a dueling dragon style t-shirt of me and and and this
irascible fellow to my right.
That could be a thing that could exist.
But do we deserve that over other people?
I don't I just don't know.
I don't I don't I'm not going to come down on that because it's not for me to say.
But I'd love to do a memorial for the the dueling dragon's roller coaster at islands of
adventure at Universal Studios Florida.
I think we can all agree on that.
You're just advocating for a t-shirt design.
You're saying the same thing as me which is obviously I deserve everything and it should be mine.
I do the stuff the most of anyone ever okay.
Every time I look in the mirror I see this and I know that it's the most important.
And why shouldn't that be reflected on your bodies as a shirt.
You want one ounce of my greatness on you.
That's not unreasonable.
It's the only thing that you could ever desire.
Put my shirt on your body see my face on you fantasize about me being you.
This is what the people crave and you need to deliver this to them case.
Don't deprive the people of my face on their chests and or back or even on the lower
belly.
I don't know where my face could be it could be literally anywhere.
Make this happen right now or I will come for you at night.
I will find you in your bed and I will awaken you to terror.
Terror you can't even imagine giving me my own shirt right now.
I swear to God I will undo you.
I think that is my own shirt.
Well I guess you put in the vocal effort at least.
Took no effort at all to say the truth.
Boom!
Yes!
Well a lot of people have spoken I guess we both deserve our own shirt.
And uh someone put out a pretty good idea for one show.
That wouldn't be our own shirt.
That would be us in a shared shirt.
Above as two dragons dueling.
And really I would have already won.
The only way I could approve this design is if it was my dragon claw on your corpse.
As you were in a diminished ruined state as a pathetic wingless dragon.
Obviously I'd be like a cool giant fully formed dragon.
That's the only way this would work.
I mean that's you could do one of each one word.
You know we could swap the design in one lunch is just a puddle of nothingness as I
rendered him piece to you know into pieces as powerful.
Actually Chinese style wingless dragon.
That'd be my preference the long snake like type.
What you want to be that I want to be a Chinese dragon.
You're not allowed.
You're not allowed.
You've got to borrow from European mythology because it's fucking weird for you to
say that you want to be Chinese.
I didn't say I want to be Chinese.
I said I want to be a Chinese style dragon.
Is there a roster style dragon?
I'll do that too.
Because I wouldn't mind doing that.
You can't be a roster style dragon.
I'm just saying if there is a roster style dragon I would approve that design as well.
And you could be the classic type of dragon.
I'll be something a little more than that something a little more unique.
Why is it more unique?
Just because it's from a culture that's not yours.
Maybe just let's expect it a little more on a left field.
Crumb the roster dragon.
I'm calling it.
I don't want to let you keep talking.
Trying to wipe the taste of victory out of my mouth.
Good luck.
I sucked that victory down so deep I'll be tasting it for weeks.
That's it.
That's all the time we will ever have.
We should call the show here and lock this score into stone minus 40 for Crumb.
And just call me permanent winner God King.
And then we just and then finally the segment is just mine.
But I guess we'll instead be back to do this again forever.
Okay. See you soon.
Hi guys.
Much better minute.
It's good to be back though.
Ready to live and learn with all of you.
Been really saving up energy to learn as much as possible.
And that's exactly what we're going to do today.
First joined by my daddy.
He's dead and he's in the wood.
I'm going to break out of here.
I'm close.
I can feel it.
I've been willing my hands to become a file that I'm going to use to
sand down one second at a time.
The spiritual bars that must be holding me in here.
You won't keep me forever.
Why is my face warping?
What do you mean?
I feel great.
My face is staying in position.
I can tell because I would know if it wasn't.
I'd feel the slip.
I would feel the ethereal wave bend.
If my face could do that type of thing like change.
There's a lot of stuff to learn today.
For instance, I'm a little out of practice
because it's been a few weeks since I saw you guys.
With my vocal warm-ups.
Well, unfortunately, someone shared a new one with me
and I'm always looking for a new way to improve this here voice.
So let's give it a shot.
This is from the Found Footage Fest.
A vocal aerobic warm-up.
Beautiful.
Hi, I'm Chris Beatty.
Hey, Chris.
And I'm Carol.
We're the vocal coaches from the Vocal Fitness Center at Star Song.
Great.
This is the Vocal Coach aerobics video.
Choir and group members.
Or maybe you're a pastor or a teacher who wants more strength.
Yeah.
Or a cheerleader who needs more stamina and projection power.
Christian artists and soloists of all styles.
A Christian artist.
From traditional to rock.
It's for all of us.
Everyone together?
Good.
Here we are.
Oh, that's advanced.
Honey, honey, honey woman.
Honey, honey, honey, honey,
honey, honey, honey, honey.
Yup, yup, yup, yup.
Duck this together.
Yup, yup, yup, yup, yup.
Good.
Oops, getting the warm up in here.
Yup, yup, yup, yup.
Keep your arms moving.
Yup, yup, yup, yup, yup.
Ah, shoot! I hit myself!
No! No! No! No! No!
My hand's getting away from me!
That was a little too advanced for me.
You barely remembered Windbreakers?
Oh, what's with this cosmic music?
Oh, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry.
I almost zoned out for a second there.
Um, great. How to snap your fingers?
Okay.
Sure, I'll bite.
Go deep? Honestly, learning is always deep.
We do deep learning here,
and we really try to get it in as far as we can.
This is how to snap your fingers advanced.
Okay. Let's practice this.
Oh, good music to practice this too.
Ah, shoot!
I gotta really loosen up both fingers.
It hurts.
Oh, wow, I did it without trying that time.
I guess I wasn't loose enough.
Oh, I'm practicing.
Look at me practice, Jeb.
I figured it out, you know what?
I actually feel warmed up.
I'm just going to stay like this for a minute,
and just kind of
wait to snap, I guess.
You wouldn't want me to snap,
now would you, son?
Huh?
Well, yeah, it's important to warm up, Daddy, so go for it.
I mean, that's what we're learning today.
Oh, self-massage.
This will kind of wind us down,
because we did two pretty intense learnings right there.
We did some pretty deep learnings.
So this is self-massage.
Also, coming from Found Footage Fest.
They're finding a lot of good footage.
It's a good name.
Let's learn how.
Do in self-massage.
Good morning.
Good morning.
Let's start.
Rob your palm together.
It feels good, right?
Yeah, I really like this.
The middle finger is circulation
and sex, international.
You inhale.
Again?
You got to wake up your brain
before you wake up your whole body.
Oh, okay.
Is that what this does?
Basically, you're stimulating your brain.
Middle finger.
Sex organ.
Sex organ.
Inhale.
The reason people wear earrings,
or they used to wear earrings,
men used to wear earrings
when they went to war.
Then they came home and the women took over the earrings.
The people in the nose is connected
with the heart. That's why the eskimo
rob noses.
Seven massage.
It's going faster, these.
Take your arm backward
like you're trying to take off.
Don't take it off, though.
Put up all your chest.
No faster than that.
Belly button.
Okay, that's great.
I can't bend it the waist that much.
Okay.
I don't know if I can do this one online.
This is going to be the penis
and the uterus.
The penis.
The sexier you are.
Inhale.
Excellent.
Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!
Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!
Ha! Ha! Ha!
Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!
Ha! Ha! Ha!
Oh, that was Wally. That's Steven.
Good job, Peggy.
There you go, Sherman.
Nice work, Warren.
Really great stuff there.
Anyway, cut it out.
Are psychic grooves your weakness?
I've just found it.
Just found a little hole in your armor.
You're going to say something else, weren't you?
But then you remembered what Jill Biden said.
I'm going to get out of here.
Me too, actually. That's three.
So we have to go. We got to keep it moving.
Apparently there's a song and other things to do today.
So I only get so much time
even though I don't know if that's always fair.
But thanks so much for hanging out with us.
And I think as always, we learned that you're actually never too old.
To learn.
Oh, that's right. A new trick.
Okay, bye-bye.
Sorry, I have my reading glasses on.
I feel really tall today.
I feel like I got a couple extra inches of shoulder, actually.
Which puts me in a great mood.
To get ready to do therapy.
God, I need to cut this freakin' thing off the back of my head.
This is ridiculous.
I think next week it's time for haircut 2.0, guys.
Maybe, yeah, we do the opposite of what I originally planned.
And we go real short.
Back to real short.
Anyway,
more importantly, it's therapy time.
Yeah, I'm getting the freakin'
falling out of here.
Yeah, I'm getting the freakin'
falling out of here.
Yeah, I'm getting the freakin'
full-on rat tail here.
Or maybe that's in.
But I'm too old to have cool haircuts.
I just need a short
military-style
haircut to confuse these advanced robots
that are someday going to want to kill us all.
Fortunately,
we have an advanced
military-grade therapist here.
It's
Dr. Chath.
Um...
Dr. Chath, great to see you.
Send Brandon to that barber.
Um...
The one that did this?
I don't know.
I don't know if...
It was expensive and I wasn't happy with the results,
so I don't really know if I can recommend it.
You often use your middle finger
to show how you feel.
How does that make you really feel?
I'm not going to flick you off. That feels rude.
I feel like it makes me feel aggressive
if I take one of these fingers away, you know?
And I don't want to do that to you, Dr. Chath.
You know, I consider you a healer.
Why do I miss farm-strong asses?
I never watch Spin City
or Back to the Future.
Am I getting Andy Rooney's dreams?
That is
apparently part of AI Psychosis.
It's released its airborne now,
so you might have caught a little of it.
I think when we
released the spirit of Andy Rooney
that we were keeping trapped in that algorithm,
it might have infected the minds of those
in a hundred-mile radius, so
I've been getting him too, but I think it's normal.
It should pass
once Chet gets it up and running again.
He sucks all that soul back in.
Where is Stephanie?
If one of your correspondences is hiding her,
you can tell me.
Patient, client and such.
All the Stephanie's I know are
out in the wild and doing great.
Shout out to all the Stephanie's out there.
Your hair defines you and your hair is defining
that you suck.
I don't really mean,
but maybe that's what I need to hear,
to motivate me to get that haircut.
Because, you know, why settle for hair you don't like
when you can cut it off? You can cut it all off.
Have Crumb cut your hair.
He has a nice cut.
I think we actually have a pretty good idea
of how I'd look bald and
I think we all know
that we don't want that actually.
Did Peter Gibbon take Stephanie to the wall?
I'd have to check.
But again,
most Stephanie's I know
are acquaintances
who I don't keep tabs on.
So they could really be anywhere.
I really like your haircut.
It looks sharp.
Don't change a thing.
So did you just kind of nag me to like
get my self-esteem low so you could bring it back up?
Because it worked.
That really worked. I feel great.
I think Crumb has the best laugh of the bin crew.
Get better case.
I haven't really thought about my actual laugh
to be more pleasing.
So I will get on that.
Piss?
What?
I hear about piss a lot.
That's a little bit of a triggering word for me.
Dr. Chath.
I really, really want that genital slit coin purse.
I need it.
Isn't every coin purse kind of a genital slit coin purse?
That's my
thesis for life.
You can only heal now
by going bald.
They're all slit.
So can't you just squint
and just use your imagination?
It's like every stick is a baseball bat.
If you just are willing
to play with your imagination.
You know what I mean, right Dr. Chath?
Why is Gooters chicken
and pickles so damn wet?
It's so
wet. It's so
wet. It's like dripping
every time I order it.
They do warn you.
They warn you that it's more wet than a water park.
I mean that was one of their classic lines.
Gooters chicken more wet than a water park.
So I mean I guess it shouldn't be
surprising.
If you use an angled bucket in your day to day
it might help with male patterned baldness.
I guess if you're
really misfiring and some of that
urine's getting into your hair then
it could have a negative effect on your hair.
Or is it the ease of the angled bucket
reduces stress and improves hair growth?
I guess I could see easier working.
That is tempting.
I do feel like the older I get the less blonde
I should be but
Okay it was a false alarm.
She's kind of running back and forth in the
therapist's office. I think it's a little messed up
that you let my girlfriend in here without telling me Dr. Chath.
But it's fine I guess.
That boy Don he's always out there.
He'll do anything for a bit even live in a
wall for a couple years.
Are you ever going to apply for partner?
You have viewers now.
Well that's a really fair question actually Dr. Chath.
Let's check.
Let's do our regular check-in on if I can.
If I remember where to go.
Which I never do.
Okay Twitch. Apply for partner.
The problem is it doesn't register my viewers.
But this is a good reminder to check.
I had been checking occasionally.
On my achievements page.
Oh my god.
I
haven't done it.
It doesn't fill it zero of six.
Six streams on six unique days with an
average of 75 years.
I haven't quite gotten there.
That kind of makes sense because right now I think we only have 72.
Kendall what?
Okay.
You want it?
We're going to go in an hour.
Oh Kendall wants to go get sticky rice in an hour.
Yeah we can do that.
You want to hear what this therapist has to say to me?
She doesn't want to hear you if you're from
you Dr. Chath.
We need Case Bravo back.
Case Bravo was
Peek Bin and was the birth of
notorious sex guy Case Blackwell.
That sounds
right.
Oh anyway also this was what it said about my
I'm still missing the 75
viewers. I got to get these numbers up.
I don't understand why I don't have millions
of people tuning into this.
It doesn't make sense to me.
But those are just the hard facts everyone.
Sometimes you've got to be popular.
And I haven't figured that out yet
but I'm learning. If once I get the right haircut
it's all going to come together.
Forget about that head hair.
How's that boozy bush quaffed?
All natural.
Number one King Team Hooray
Ninja Dragon Riders
Secret Rockstar USA
Ninja Dragon Riders
Honoring Techniques of All Ancestor
Now revenge. Number one
King Team Hooray
Ninja Dragon Riders
Secret Rockstar USA
Ninja Dragon Riders
You can't take the sky from me.
Great point.
How many children?
Zero.
I have a joke for you.
Knock knock.
Pause for response.
I don't think I was supposed to read that part out loud.
Oh fiddlesticks.
I started it up.
Never mind.
Does looks maxing make you feel better about yourself?
I think the opposite if I had to guess.
Oh thought a hot girl was walking in.
Nope she walked right away.
You should get cybernetics and start calling yourself
JD Enhanced.
That's actually a pretty good idea.
I don't know.
I feel like I really try to not.
I thought we were going to get into it for a second.
I guess not.
I want to sell a self-help book as B.I.
In Merch. Just me, me, your credit card info
and I could make it happen.
Me, me? What does that mean?
How do I me, me you?
Is that like a new type of
Venmo or something?
Is that any type of Venmo?
How do I get to see it?
I want to send you money.
The stickers are in the mail for the record.
Why haven't you made me a VIP?
Am I not a good enough therapist?
Honestly? No you're really not.
When is the last time you danced?
You need to dance.
You need to dance. Dance now.
I can teach you.
Um...
I mean you're standing awfully still
to be making claims like that.
To be fair.
And frankly I don't even
want to dance anymore.
If I'm being real with you.
Oh, you're trying to show me up.
You're trying to prove me wrong right away.
That's, no that's not a dance.
That's a ninja pose.
I'm assuming.
I mean I don't really know but
that's kind of the uh...
Oh you're mad now?
What even is this?
Are you going to dance or not?
Have you considered a perm?
She likes that look.
I don't know what Stephanie you're talking about.
I legitimately don't, okay?
Tell me your voice.
Okay.
101,000,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100,100
I need to be prepared for getting some type of dessert with Kendall so I'm down for sticky rice
thanks for the invite not invite you that was not an invite I think we need to have
some clearer boundaries here as my therapist you need to heal yourself before you can reach
75 viewers on average that might be true actually okay but I don't really feel like you're
necessarily helping a doctor chat how big is that okay I'm just gonna it is $500 an hour
there's a really good guess giggle trash okay doctor chat thanks so much but I do have to go
do you like stinky rice I don't think stinky rice sounds very appetizing personally but hey
you do you I won't yuck your yum even if your yum is pretty damn yucky thanks for your help
as always let's send it to um the DJ we're gonna do this conspiracy segment one of these days I
swear to god but it won't be today because I'm once again out of time okay we're back
in the djc4 studios it's very dark and vibey in here is always the heck and of course our
ghostwriter is standing by to hit you with the latest in the hottest lyrics you can send us
lyrics though by typing exclamation point l followed by the lyric of your choice for today's song
which is an announcement video for the bin merch drop this is important stuff i'm assuming case is
going to be running ads all over you know major events to promote the serious merch drop that
he's doing so send us your best really kind of advertisement focus lyrics also not a real clear
genre call out here so i think it's dealer's choice which usually means it's probably going to be
someone uh wrapping lots of maga events well you know you gotta sell to where you can afford to sell
so i just say get the message out there is the important thing
rust i guess we could have crumb do it can he do that though you know he's is that like a good
is that a good idea for him to to do that i don't know lovers rock reggae dance hall
what if i just type all of those and let's see this is bad shot of rhythm and this is what came
up when i typed in kind of all of those at once i think this could work this kind of has a
crumb energy to it honestly yeah let's just go with this this seems fine it's kind of got the
the yoshi listen noise in there which you loved or the navi listen noise in there that is but you
loved it here big fan of sampling on this big shout out to sampling you're not going to catch me
doing an accent to this guys i'm too smooth for that we're already getting some lyrics in here
and now we've got our track locked in so let's get to it send us any and all lyrics that you
are excited to use to help promote this uh i'm very important bin merch drop by again typing
exclamation point l followed by a lyric i'm going to sit way back here so i gotta lock in with a
producer mode but let's send it to that ghost writer who is standing by i'm also i'm also leaned
way back way way back and ready to write you're never too dead to write but i am dead to right
up ghost writer i'm feeling great about saying that um let me
me just pull this stuff up music okay merch beat great that's in and now for the lyrics
let's see okay there's already some good ones in here make a sweater that says blot blot blot
okay we already got a lot in here actually wait did we already do them
bin merch this might actually did i do the wrong thing we already do a bin merch song
oh we already did a bin merch song you guys were probably telling us that in the chat
but i wasn't reading it because i'm a ghost um let me figure out what we're actually supposed
to be doing today but we will still incorporate these bin merch lyrics into whatever was actually
requested uh if i can even find it because it is at this point last week that this was requested
four days ago seven days ago okay so that's what we're looking for
um a lot of brendon's mom request here oh and it does not look like we have
whatever was requested shoot darn it darn it darn it let me go into the official twitch
archives here see if we can find it that way there's gotta be a way activity log or something
unless anybody just remembers creator dashboard no one of these days i'll know how to use twitch
back okay channel okay oh that's just me duplicated um stream stream summary
no average viewer is 55 but no wonder he's not getting it then um okay back to twitch channel
i again i don't understand why this isn't popping off there are thousands of people watching
me write this classic music right now but fortunately it sounds like hotcakes once it's written don't
worry uh account so how do we get there stream i think i need the stream manager which has to be
a thing i'm assuming there it is all right activity and we just gotta go to a week ago
and it won't show us okay i have no idea what we're supposed to be doing the dozens and dozens
of you in here yeah absolutely the dozens and dozens that are ready to see me write these lyrics
let me just see can i remember what was requested i cannot
and i think whoever requested it a week ago who knows if they're even in here so
we'll just do this we'll do the classic we'll do a flash bowl what is the song about
and keep in mind we're going to be incorporating all of the merch drop lyrics already in there
from today um i'm going to add these lyrics in that we already have
which is a good a hefty amount already so far our options are free stephanie kpeapito's love
getting laid in bin gear and still tbd we'll find out together
um well this is going i'll just do a little bit of prep here
someone put their thumb on the scale there okay so far two votes for free stephanie
but who knows what it will be um getting laid in bin gear and stephanie it's a tight heat
but it looks like the winner is free stephanie
and you love to see it um okay stephanie look i don't know who this is and i don't get it but
that's not for me to worry about i'm just a ghost writer you know i don't understand
and uh and i don't have to approve or disapprove i just have to write
that's my only job but where is everything okay we're basically set up boom the beat is in
and there it is wow what a beat what a great beat so anyway now if you have any stephanie
based lyrics you can also add those with exclamation point l currently a lot of our
lyrics are about um merch merchandise yeah that sounds challenging but don't worry about it
well let's use these like a cheap sheet t-shirt like a cheap t-shirt you make the heat transfer
what do i want on my chest stephanie's the answer great i've been searching long and hard for
the best bin merch well let's use long and hard you've gone missing but you're still in charge
uh now i've been searching so long and hard and you you know you can say bin there
and then that's wordplay merchandise is paradise the grift you can re-grift home slice
re-gift that is that's that one can just stay it's not about stephanie but so we'll just throw
our name in there so i'm just separating these out purchase your tracks today that's staying in
we're just gonna change this but all i want is stephanie home slice oh we ran out of music
we got it right to the music though obviously we'd sell that poster from hell but we forgot it
we already did this stuff about grandma just cut some of these i don't know if we did
bin merch isn't trash just pay up the cash and we'll just change that to stephanie isn't trash
but she's racking up the cash we're gonna make crumb still sing this by the way
he's got to sing about stephanie now don't play games like that loser brandon with crypto
zoos mouse pad crypto zoos mouse pad i think we did that one last week too so whatever
but to poof this merch and fart it out like a t-shirt can and we already did that one too
something with grandman okay a lot of these have been done take it to the streets of this
merch like trippy b yeah we did a lot of these science eyes shirt make a sweater that says
blah blah blah okay we did that we're gonna start here we also did that one
girl cover them titties up with this science eyes shirt stephanie is a real good flirt
stephanie is a real hot flirt titties covered with a science shirt titties covered with a science
eyes shirt whatever bin g strings you can clap your cheeks with mesh tank tops in merch store or
to chili okay bin g six you can chat okay something about stephanie instead stephanie don't need no
g string we're still running out we got to get nice and sick of this music before we
stop writing stephanie don't need no g string clapping them's cheeks like it ain't no thing
yep good mesh tank tops in the merch store are too chilly keeps it chilly no shrinkage on crumbs
little willy there we go get my mug on a mug or a bin butt plug get my mug on a month get my
mug on a mug or a but plug get my mug on a mug or a but plug get my mug on a mug or a but plug
stephanie yeah that's fine we'll just have him say that three times and then stephanie or four times
and then stephanie it's like a little mini chorus the newest merch but nothing for the dj
i mean we have this hat technically we have the most merch also let's see what other
lyrics we got shoot shoot shoot don't tell me what to do when i doot doot doot that cream all up in
you a lot of ceasefire violation blues for some reason also crumb in your bum we'll pause this
so we can really focus on spitting these lyrics out at maximum speed chorus chorus chorus what
does leave that in but minus the t-shirt part instead we'll replace t-shirt with stephanie
that is the current strategy for this song the actual request was the economy singing the
ceasefire violation blues that's going to have to be a big pivot oh yeah i see that that was the
request live in sleazy if i'm finding new creative ways to get us to read basic sentences
requested by sabrichi um okay here's what we'll do we will save that for next time
and not do a request next friday because we're too deep in and we'll leave this here as a reminder
for future idiots whoever they may be that this was the actual request uh crumb in your bum
chorus chorus chorus stephanie gotta have the freshest draws when pete haggs checks your balls
we're just gonna say that rhymes and leave it but pedo in the bin lily on a full of sin
stephanie still getting it in merch for the best 75 viewers you could ask for
stephanie wants more merch launch when check the score have you ever heard of bin check the stephanie
lore look this doesn't make a ton of sense but um it's more about stephanie vibes today sales
rocketing into space maybe a t-shirt cannon to your face thank you for rhyming that one can just
stay greasy all over your cut greasy all over covered in your juices wetting up your panties
like big crumb fuchsia we're gonna cut linarius just for the for the um syllables there crumb does
each and every day crumb in your bum stephanie's my bae great she got all her survival gear in her
bin fanny pack hashtag where stephanie never relax okay okay okay add the never relax now it
rhymes and now it's a lyric when i see that muscle mommy i say stephanie stephanie who is she we don't
know case won't let her free that's beautiful shoot shoot shoot don't tell me what to do when i do
do that cream all up in you stephanie that one wasn't for you it's just the way i feel and
i'm expressing it boo you know to keep it respectful and uh that'll do it and we'll say this is the
chorus so we'll just kind of spread it out we'll just put it in three spots because that's how a chorus
works and we're done it's just that easy just you know let crumb know that i put probably the most
effort i've ever put into lyrics for this one yeah we could really we all saw your work there and
we were all really impressed thank you i mean i'm a professional so i really try my best at all
times so crumb take it away um let me just get this off sorry the hatch just not the hatch not
cooperating okay there we go that's better um i don't need headphones i don't need headphones or a
hat to spit these lyrics what is this about again what are we talking about today uh some girl
named stephanie and and you're undying infatuation with her okay let me just say this to my
beautiful wife belolia this is um this is storytelling it expresses truths through slightly
fictitious storytelling obviously i don't know a woman named stephanie and i'm not cheating on you
so i want that to be as clear as possible up front this is just wordplay this is just story
storytelling using the power of what i like to call wraps and also i believe this is a rasta
inspired beat not a rasta beat um so keep that in mind too i'm not going to be performing rasta
it's not my culture and i would never do that not that i would be not that i'm against rasta music
it's just it's not my culture to perform i don't want to perform a culture that isn't
mine i don't have credibility my point is it's my point is is i'm just going to do it my
style let's just put it that way okay we're doing it in crumb style today which is not it's not
taking rasta style it's crumb style the lyrics the beat is designed however let's just let's just
get to it okay i'm a professional i can get this done um crumb on my mind okay whatever look again
storytelling uh let's go yeah man that's the thing i say at the top of beats yeah man
crumb style tell your boys like a cheap t-shirt you make the best transfer what do i do on my chest
stephanie's the answer you've gone mission but you're still in charge now i've been searching so long
and hard merchant dice is paradise but all i want is stephanie and a hoax life stephanie isn't trash
she's just racking up cash she's a real flirt titties covered with the science eyes shirt
stephanie don't need no g string clapping them cheeks like it ain't no damn thing mesh tank
top so she keeps it chilly no shrinkage on crumb's little itty bitty itty willy get on my mug or a
hot butt plug get on my mug or a hot butt plug get on my mug or a hot butt plug get on my mug or a
hot butt plug stephanie the newest merch but you don't need no thing but nothing for a dj as i sing
chorus chorus chorus stephanie chorus chorus chorus gotta have the freshest draws when pete
heck says check your balls perpito in the bin lily on a full of sin stephanie's still getting it in
merch for the best 75 viewers you could ever ask for but stephanie she wants more she still wants
more she wants more more more and more and more merch lots win check the score have you ever heard
of it well check the stephanie lore still sells skyrocketing up into space maybe a t-shirt can
and getting straight in your face greasy all over covered in your juices wetting up your
panties like a bin crumb fuchsia's crumb does each and every day crumb in your bump stephanie's
my bae she got all her survival gear in her bin fanny pack hashtag where stephanie is at never
relax get on my mug or a butt plug get on my mug or a hot butt plug get on my mug or a hot
butt plug get on my mug or a hot butt plug stephanie when i see my muscle mommy i say step
on me stephanie i've been asking who is she we don't know case won't let her free shoot
shoot shoot shoot don't tell me what to do when i do do that cream all up in you stephanie that
wasn't for you it's just what i feel when i'm expressing it boot and this is what i'm gonna
say to you get on my mug or a hot butt plug get on my mug or a hot butt plug get on my
mug or a hot butt plug get on my mug or a hot butt plug stephanie the economy the ceasefire
violation blues is the request okay crumb style i hope i didn't switch it up into a roster rhythm
because the beat was tempting me there but i think i stayed strong i think you're safe i think it's
fine okay because i don't want to do anything insensitive thanks all right let me just get
my production hat back on here um okay great stuff crumb now oh we're officially down to 10
10 viewers um who knows why somewhere somewhere between 10 and zero uh let's see that's a thing i
say at the top already sounding great actually okay uh huh oh yeah man that's a thing i say at
the top of beach oh wait that's not the thing i say at the top of beach yeah man we gotta fix his
timing problem tell your boys like a cheap t-shirt you make the best transfer what do i do on my chest
stephanie's the answer you've gone missing but you're still in charge know i've been searching so
long and hard rich and dice is paradise but all i want is stephanie and the host life stephanie
isn't trash she's just racking up cash she's a real flirt titties covered with the science
eye shirt stephanie don't need no g string clapping them cheeks like it ain't no damn thing mash tank top
so she keeps it chilly no shrinkage on crumb little itty bitty itty willie get on my mug or a hot
butt plug get on my mug go right hot butt plug get on my mug okay we need to core off
make this more chorusy get on my that's our main task here because uh honestly other than that
good enough stephanie let's see if we can just add a bunch of swirly effects unnecessarily and if it
makes it sound really chorusy this is advanced production guys we're getting into that right now
look we'll hit this chorus button over here that's gotta do it get on my mug or a hot
butt plug get on my mug go right hot butt plug get on my mug go we need even more reverb
we need all the reverb 100 wet
tons of all of these more and you know what metal cast thank you so much for the 41 months
and he also just he's just throwing a delay and just select
rich double and see and that'll and that's a chorus get on my mug or a hot butt plug get on my
mug or a hot butt plug get on my mug or a hot butt plug get on my mug or a hot butt plug stephanie
the newest merch but you don't need no thing but nothing for a dj as i sing chorus chorus chorus
stephanie chorus chorus chorus gotta have the pressure draws when pete hex says check your balls
for pito in the bin lily on a full of sin stephanie so getting it in merch for the best 75
viewers you could ever ask for but stephanie she wants more she still wants more she wants
more more more and more and more merch lot went to the score have you ever heard of it well
check this stephanie more still ourselves skyrocketing up in space maybe a dessert can and getting straight
in your face greasy all over covered in your juices wetting up your pants and crumbling your
shits crawling does each and every day crumbling your butts oh my god i did too much
she got all her survival gear in her bin fanny pack hashtag where stephanie is at never
relax get on my mug or a butt plug get on my mug or a hot butt plug oh that's the chorus we got to cut
this out mug or a butt stephanie is that never relax get on great mug or a butt on my mug or a
hot butt plug stephanie mm-hmm mm-hmm mm-hmm yeah yeah yeah oops there we go get on my mug or a
plug get on my mug or a hot butt plug get on my mug or a hot butt plug get on my mug or a hot
butt plug stephanie cream all up in you stephanie that was it for you it's just what i feel when i'm
refreshing it boo and this is what i'm gonna say to you get on my mug or and this is what i'm
gonna say to you get mm-hmm great to you get on my mug or a hot butt plug get on my mug or a hot
butt plug get on my mug or a hot butt plug get on my mug or a hot butt plug stephanie the economy
the ceasefire violation blues is the request fantastic that's done forever done
and all we gotta do is export that bad boy and right right right music finals stephanie okay and
i'll just send that to crumbs wife for approval fantastic guys munch needs an angry rap battle
reply now you can make that happen let's be added to interest songs i guess it'll be there it'll be
available for crumb to play it when he needs to i'm i need to figure out how to get this to play on
the uh pre-stream that's the goal a randomized playlist i mean i could use a randomized playlist
i just have to set that playlist up all right let's find someone to raid uh right now who is on
let's go yeah man that's a thing i say as we let our work play yeah man so we let the work speak
for itself tell your boys let's see who's on like a cheap t-shirt you make the best transfer what do
i do on my chest stephanie's the answer you've gone mission but you're still in charge now i've been
searching so long and hard virgin dice is paradise but all i want is to raid razz life stephanie isn't
trash he's just racking up cash she's a real flirt tinny's covered with the science ish shirt
stephanie don't need no g string clapping them cheeks like it ain't no damn thing
mash tank top so she keeps it chilly no shrinking john crumbs little itty bitty willy get on
my mug or a hot butt plug get on my mug or a hot butt plug got on my mug or a hot butt plug
is a pretty good chorus my mug or a hot butt plug stephanie the newest merch but you don't need
no thing but nothing for him dj as i say chorus chorus chorus stephanie chorus chorus chorus gotta
have the freshest drugs when pete hex says take your balls from pita when they've been literally
on a full of sin stephanie still getting it in merch for the best 75 viewers okay great we found
razzle he is rated still wants more she wants more more and more and more merch lot this song is going
so that'll call that this feels like a good ending point with this just blasting this live
santa razz for us wetting up your panties like a bin crumb we'll be back on monday with more
not this song but more of the stream we're gonna rack up those 75 viewers guys it's in our
sights once we hit that stream consistency in three a week occasionally at weird times
we're gonna get there have a wonderful weekend we'll talk to you all soon get on that mug or
a hot butt plug the choice is always yours and that's coming straight from the djc4 studios
great work everyone really good stuff really great work
what i feel when i'm refreshing it boo and this is what i really want to see it all come together
every single time