and he can fix a car and dance like no one else can groove.
But I don't know how this part goes.
Shit, all right.
Got a heart of gold and a smile that lights up the sky.
And when Chet is right, you know you're in for a good time
because he's coming.
That's me, the one who's coming.
And Chet's here.
He's going to get you all coming.
Look at that bi-accident.
And he's sick with it next.
And also, he's a dad.
Let's tell him off.
Macho.
I thought that's not the chorus.
This shit's blowing.
Fucking start the song back over, OK?
I've reviewed.
Everyone else did it in one take, Chet.
Do you think you're not good enough to do it in one take?
I know I'm good enough.
In fact, they call me the one take king.
And that's why I'm going to crush this shit no problem.
This is all part of it.
And there we fucking go.
Macho, Macho, Chet.
He's the king of all the rest.
He's the world's strongest coolest man.
And greatest dad, and that is no contest.
Here we fucking go.
Macho, Macho, Chet.
With his sixth son, he has always
sent the ultimate role model.
Just ask your wife, you will not forget.
I fucked your wife is what I'm saying.
He's not just Macho, man.
He's a Macho dad with his son by his side.
He is never sad.
That's not true.
He is teaching them to be strong, to be kind, be true.
Macho, Chet, we're all so grateful for you.
And then we keep on saying, Chet, it's fucking good.
Test the people out.
They are liking him.
They're still liking him.
Just ask anybody.
He once was in the gym, and he spotted people without them
even having to ask too much.
And they went to the film and there's
like a cop and a Native American.
And but they're all mean, picture that.
And I'm also like a road worker, and shit looks crazy,
and everybody likes it a lot.
We're live in 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1.
Let's news it.
Apolito.
We are live.
Hello, everybody.
Cat's paw, apple, dapple, subritchie, doofus, knife,
junk, dog, gearless, Joe, no.
Matt Liddell, the subritchie once again.
Greener, Sam.
Good to see everybody right there.
Reverie Wolf, Shaka, of course.
Good to be back on the freaking news.
That's the news that I made.
It's good to be back.
I have not been streaming as much lately.
Partially because I'm moving, although that's
been perpetually delayed, it's actually
happening at some point this month
when they turn the power on.
But the place is done, meaning the studio might look
suspiciously the same, but just know that I've moved.
Not the studio, my personal area,
but somehow that might make the studio easier to work.
Jon Stewart ain't got nothing on pen.
I've kind of enjoyed Jon Stewart's daily show return,
maybe just because I'm a sucker for nostalgia.
But I didn't watch the last one.
But the one that everyone was mad at I liked.
You don't live in the studio, though.
You're not Peter.
Exactly.
That's more of a Peter thing.
But Pito sometimes lives in the studio.
Sometimes he doesn't feel like leaving, so he just stays.
That's true.
Sometimes it's easier to sleep on the ground here.
So I do.
Yeah, and I'm not your owner, so no one can get mad.
Yeah, Fiona's my owner, so direct all mistreatment
complaints to her.
I don't, because I feel perfectly treated.
Yay.
That's nice, Pito.
This month, yes, this month, bundle sprout.
A move is happening.
That will definitely fuck with my streaming schedule.
I don't know how long it'll take to reset everything up.
Hopefully, just like a weekend.
I mean, I kind of have to set my computer up so I can do work.
So probably the stream set up will be one of the first things
to get redone.
I'm excited to actual space for two people.
Hey, speaking of Fiona, we might be playing...
Let me see what she texted me.
Unless this is, in case it's a surprise, I won't tell you.
But she wanted to play a game at some point today.
Sorry, I'm replying to the text now.
Maybe around 2.30 or 3?
A secret game.
I wouldn't get too excited, though.
Might not be a game that any of you will be excited to see.
But it will be a game that you'll probably
not be surprised we're playing.
Hell Divers 2?
No, I can confirm it's not Hell Divers 2.
No Hell Divers 2.
OK, well, whoa, no thanks.
Let's do a news, I guess.
Let's talk about the news.
I haven't talked about the news in almost a week.
So let's see.
Looks like technology.
It's more in the Hentai vs. Furries genre, Shaka, for sure.
I was there when she played Hentai vs. Furries.
Sorry, Hentai vs. Furries.
That sounded like the wrong title,
but that's the right title.
That was the game she was playing was Hentai vs. Furries.
So it was something like that.
We'll figure it out.
And to help me figure it out, Jeff will help me cover the story.
Jeff, how are you doing?
Well, it's good to be back.
I mean, it's nice not working.
No pressure.
You never need to make us work, Case,
in case that was the thing you were worried about.
Stop slouching, by the way.
But it's fine to be here.
It's fine to see you.
A debate has been demanded.
Big J-Dub, if you have a particular debate in mind,
let Case know so that he can let those two weird guys
who yell at each other know what the problem is.
Hentai vs. Furries?
Who do you have?
I mean, Hentai, probably.
It's more broad.
Hentai could include Furries.
You know they're different.
I mean, yes, they are different.
So, well, we're not the debaters.
It's much in chrome.
Well, they're in for one then,
but first I have to talk about controlling the internet
with your mind.
Yeah, I did say we would do that,
but then we'll get right to that debate.
So, you can do that now?
Are you controlling the internet with your mind?
Is that how this, whatever this thing is works, Case?
Is that what's happening here?
No, that's more of a switchboard controlled by Papito.
Well, get the upgrade,
because apparently the future is already here
as MIT student creates device
that is able to search the entire internet using jest.
He's main, pretty cool.
Maybe cool.
I don't know.
I mean, sure, that does actually sound kind of cool.
I don't really know.
I don't get what it means as usual,
but I guess that's what we're here for.
Yes, you could be patient and wait two seconds
for me to read more.
Breaking news.
Oh my God.
Is it this news?
No, I think it's a different one.
Request coverage from random,
if you had a particular coverage in mind.
I don't know if you can put
the request for the coverage in the points reduction itself,
but it's not in there.
So you have to tell us what you want Case to cover
or me to cover.
Let's be real, Case doesn't cover anything.
It's all me.
Well, that's sort of true.
Yes, but anyway, random,
if you have a particular story you wanna see covered,
I've got you covered and I will do it
right after the debate.
For now, while you let us know what story that is,
a Massachusetts Institute of Technology,
MIT student has created a device
that allows humans to communicate with machines
using our, say it with me, minds.
You said it too quickly.
Why would we say that with you anyway?
Cause our minds are on the same page.
Zombies that hate break dancing.
That's a story.
I don't know, Google it.
Okay, well Google zombies that hate break dancing
and cover it.
I mean, get Peter to do it or something.
That'll be coming right up random.
We unfortunately have to do the requests
sort of in the order that they come in.
Also, I'm gonna turn me down just a little bit.
There we go.
Let me know if I'm too quiet or too loud at any point.
Our, oh shoot, Arnav Kapoor created a device
called Alter Ego, which is a wearable type of headset
that allows users to communicate with technology
without even speaking a word.
Wait, what?
So what are you apologizing for random?
We're so down to cover this zombie story.
Yeah, please, no apologies necessary.
We're on the same page here.
Never apologize for telling Case to do something.
It's the only way anything gets done.
That's true.
The headset isn't wearable.
I mean, it looks wearable.
He's wearing it on his brain via his ear.
All right, if you're upset that you can't wear it
on your brain, well, let's find out.
Arnav Kapoor created a device called Alter Ego,
which is a wearable type of headset that allows users
to communicate with technology
without even speaking a word.
So how does it work, Case?
I don't know, man.
Idiot.
The device records signals when the user hears
or thinks of a particular word.
This information is then sent to machines.
I knew they'd get involved somehow,
which use the internet to find the answer.
So it can literally read your mind.
That does sound like, that's what that sounds like.
Well, shit.
I've got a lot of fucked up stuff going on in here.
I mean, we all do, to some extent.
I hope it's not too fucked up.
I don't have to tell anyone.
That's why it's my mind.
Well, I don't know, Jeff, just don't wear it.
But what if they're gonna make us a van?
Okay, it's kind of like having Google in your head.
Oh boy, which is pretty damn incredible.
And that's one word for it.
I would say the pretty damn, pretty damn scary.
I'm freaking the fuck out.
I don't feel safe.
Someone call my handler, my agent, I'm assuming.
The machines are coming for my mind.
And I didn't say yes, unless I did.
Sometimes I don't even read the accepting terms.
I might have already accepted the machine into my brain
without ever even meaning to.
And that's the sort of horrifying reality
that we now live in case the machines are already
in our head and there's not a goddamn thing
we can do about it.
I think you're making assumptions.
I mean, the kid just made like a headset.
There's no guaranteeing it even works.
It sounds like it does based on the story.
Without speaking typing or doing anything at all,
the device is able to search the internet
for the correct answer before feeding back the information
via skull vibrations into the inner ear.
I just, whenever we get to the term skull vibrations,
that doesn't sound safe to me.
You're not a fan of skull vibrations?
Good skull vibrations?
No.
Apparently the answer presents itself in a similar way
to a person's internet voice,
but without interfering with their usual auditory perception.
I'm confused.
I am too, that's fine.
Without speaking typing or doing anything at all,
the device is able to search the internet
for the correct answers before feeding back the information
via skull vibrations into the inner ear.
Wait a minute.
It's just gonna talk to you?
I thought you were like clicking with your eyes
and your brain.
I guess it talks to you.
Apparently the answer presents itself in a similar way
to a person's internal voice.
Oh, so it's just Google that will just,
anytime you have a thought, start explaining it.
It's, I hope it's not too loud
because some people are gonna have some thoughts.
They don't want externally verbalized, I'm assuming,
in a lot of situations.
You know, like, why is this man's neck on his beard?
And then it just starts saying that out loud.
My neck can't, this beard is too intense
not to be on my neck.
It's weird that you shave your neck.
I think it's good to shave your neck.
Is that even a beard if you shave your neck?
The people want to know.
I'm not afraid of my beard.
That's why I let it go all the way to the neck.
Well, Google could have told me all that instead of you.
But also I wouldn't want Google to say that out loud.
Well, it says it into your ear maybe.
This enables a human computer interaction
that is subjectively experienced
as completely internal to the human user,
like speaking to oneself,
unless anybody gets real close to your ear.
And then you're in trouble because it's gonna be like,
how many tentacles can fit inside a six centimeter hole?
Six, what?
Nothing.
This enables a user to transmit and receive streams
of information to and from a computing device
or any other persons without any observable action
in discretion, without unplugging the user
from her environment,
without invading the user's privacy.
In the video of the device in action,
Kapoor has asked to provide the answer
to a ridiculously difficult maths calculation,
the plural of math.
Man, that might be the correct grammar there,
although it sounds crazy.
Difficult maths calculations,
we all have to do them sometimes.
And guess how Kapoor handles it?
Courtesy of his powerful Google brain,
he handles that no problem.
Easy, baby, gg.
When then asked to name the largest city in Bulgaria,
as well as providing the population of that region as well,
which of course, he answers correctly.
Can you imagine being able to just have that information
at your fingertip?
Oh, sorry, not at your fingertip,
we do already have that.
At your brain tip?
We need a brain tip as opposed to fingertips.
Finger tips are so far away from the brain.
You wanna have all the answers
right on the tip of your brain,
not even your tongue.
Tip of your brain, get it up from the fingers,
cut the nerve endings out of this,
straight into the main frame,
I wanna know everything.
Feel my head with technology.
Wait, you were scared of this two seconds ago.
But now I could sound smart,
which is my whole job.
Sign me up, Elon or whatever this MIT kid is,
Elon's child, it's not,
Elon Musk has nothing to do with this.
So you say now, but wait till he does,
and then it'll work even better.
No, okay.
A primary focus of this project
is to help support communications
for people with speech disorders,
including conditions like ALS.
I can actually see that being helpful there.
Beyond that, the system has the potential
to seamlessly integrate humans and computers,
such that computing the internet and AI
would weave into our daily life as a second self
and augment our cognition and abilities.
For instance, I wouldn't have said the wrong word there.
The computer would have saved me
from my own verbal mistakes.
Guess you're glad you're getting on board.
What about your other brain tip?
That one was on there on the way to fixing that one too.
Fixing it.
Once you stick a computer on the edge
on the end of your penis,
there's no telling how effective it can be.
Your penis can be getting instructions real time
from Google.
I don't know if you need penis instructions from Google.
I mean, it's better than me having to stop
in the middle of sex to read a Wikipedia
on how to do it.
Huh?
Everybody, who hasn't Googled how to have sex
in the middle of sex,
then you have to stop for 20 minutes
so you can make sure you're reading it carefully.
And then the lady might not be as in the mood,
so then you have to Google how to get a lady back in the mode
after reading about how to have sex for 20 minutes.
Then you gotta read that article for 30 minutes
because it's even longer.
By then she might have already left the apartment.
And this could fix all of that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm getting on board.
It's nice to be in the future.
It's nice to not fear technology for once.
Anyway, this is truly mind-boggling.
And that's that.
That's the news, that's all the news
that that was courtesy of Unilad,
which I guess is like a news superhero,
a super news boy, Unilad.
Oh no, that's just the name of the website.
Oh yeah, baby, give me your screen, baby.
Brandon, thank you so much.
I love it, I love it.
And don't think we forgot,
we're getting to those zombies that hate break-dancing.
Rain your little goldies upon me.
How much money do I get for that?
A dollar?
Sick.
Yeah, yeah, there you go.
Update search for, okay,
you want Oklahoma man driving stolen vehicle
caught with rattlesnake, uranium, whiskey, and a firearm.
And we will update.
Well, you know what, we'll two for one this.
We'll search for the zombie.
And we'll search for this.
I mean, I'm curious what inspired zombies
that hate break-dancing.
So I will do both.
In fact, I'll pull those tabs up now for the future.
Well, Jeff, I don't know if I'm as excited for you
at the prospect of wearing this weird
Counter-Strike comms device.
Hmm, I think it looks stylish.
And also I don't love the idea of a thing
just talking into my ear every time I have a thought.
Isn't that what's already going on in your brain case?
Don't you already have an internal monologue
that's just ranting at you 24 seven?
Sort of, but you know,
I've made peace with that internal monologue.
I don't really want to have the Google version.
The Google version is better.
Google is better at everything.
It's kind of been worse lately.
Worse at what?
Giving you the pictures of butts?
No, it's fine at that.
It's been less accurate in its results lately.
I feel like.
Well, I feel like you need to get with the times,
get a robot in your brain,
feel the skull vibrations,
and get on our level,
or just give up and fall into the middle ages
where you belong,
you fucking Luddite vocabulary word for the day.
Is that even the right use of Luddite?
I guess it is.
Yes, it is.
Intrusive thoughts as a service?
Well, hey, everything as a service.
Like it's like the suicide squad of internal thoughts.
The game could last forever.
They could keep updating your thoughts permanently.
Your brain already does that, Jeff.
That is going to do it better.
And we did it better today.
And I better be done because I am.
I'm done.
That's fine.
And with that, the ripples have dispersed,
leaving the lake surface totally smooth.
But we'll be dropping another pebble on that lake later.
And when it does,
I'll ride the ripples with you because I am Jeff Ripple.
He is Jeff Ripple.
That's true.
Anyway.
I have pulled up these other two stories.
Well, I haven't pulled up zombies that hate breakdancing yet,
but we'll get one of our people to cover that
right after this debate.
Zombies that hate breakdancing,
I'm having more trouble locating.
But there are some things that I can click on at least.
So I definitely will.
They can only do the...
Sorry.
I'm as usual so behind on reading things.
It's time for Munchin' Crumb.
That is true, John G-Men.
We need an augmented version of the device
that instead just feeds the chat directly to Casey's brain.
That would actually help me out.
I would no longer be able to form a sentence,
but I would stop missing chats all the time
while I'm reading stories.
Actually, I have no excuse.
Technically, my correspondents are reading stories,
and I'm just totally zoned out.
Mouth agape.
Just staring at them.
That's what's happening whenever I'm off-screen.
Can confirm that's how Casey looks when he's not on-screen.
I was just doing it.
Yeah, hold that face for a second.
Yeah, that's how he looks when he's not on-screen.
What?
I put you on-screen.
No, Pepito, don't put me on-screen.
You're doing it, too.
Yeah, I'm just...
I learned it from you.
I learned it from watching you.
Okay, well, I better be on, though,
because I am on-screen.
That's true, you're on-screen.
I'm assuming someone's watching this somewhere
and you're on-screen.
That's the assumption.
Okay, let's set it to Munch and Crumb.
They're debating plants.
No, wait, hentai vs. furries.
I'm gonna say plants vs. zombies.
I got zombies on the brain now.
Hentai vs. furries.
A classic debate.
Oil and water, peanut butter and jelly,
apples, oranges, hentai furries.
Let's find out which is superior at last.
It's time for Munch and Crumb.
Yes, back again.
Ready to fix this score up here.
The score's been naughty,
but today we're gonna fix it by fixing you.
I'm gonna fix you like a dog or a cat or whatever.
You'll never have kids.
I'm gonna cast...
I wanna chemically castrate you.
That's what I'm talking about there.
I'd like to chemically castrate you
so you can never have kids.
And, hi.
Well, Munch,
one of the worst intros yet.
Your head's looking extra long today.
Why do you shade it?
Because your fucking skull is an undulating mass
that changes shape at will.
Well, it might look to shame every...
You really don't.
You look like...
You look like you're morphing currently.
You're like an animorph that got trapped.
Mid-transformation into like a dead turtle.
That's not how...
You thought about it for a second.
You realized that's how you look.
I don't agree at all that that's how I look.
I'm gonna... Let me shit up in my chair, actually.
There we go.
The head is just one big soft spot?
Exactly.
You could fucking plant...
You could fucking plant seeds in your skull.
Like the moist earth.
Except you know what would grow out of there?
The shit.
The shit would grow out of your skull.
Honestly, whatever, Munch.
It's fucking... Go look in a mirror.
I've sheen myself.
I get it.
Okay, I still don't believe that you do.
Because again, you just look...
So bad.
His soft spot is his bald-ass head.
What about being bald?
Makes you think that a skull is soft?
If anything, my skull is more exposed.
You're protected by your fake, spongy hair.
My real-ass mane of protective hair does indeed protect it.
My also rock-hard skull.
Rock-hard hair, rock-hard skull, undefeatable.
I don't know what any of that means, but it's all wrong.
Everything you say is a mistake.
And I wish we could correct it, but maybe we never will.
And with that, let's debate something.
What do you say?
I'm not done talking about how bad you look.
Can we please...
It's ten minutes every time.
You're fucking non-tight ten on my appearance, okay?
I'm not... I'm not fucking... I'm not seeing Don Riggles.
Don Riggles?
Don, what the fuck is...
Wait, is that the... You say the... Don Rickles?
Don Rickles was one of his contemporaries.
I was actually a bigger Riggles fan than Don Rickles.
The original King of Mane, Don Rickles,
one of the greatest to ever do it, but of course, you think you know better.
I'm just saying give Don Riggles a chance.
There is no Don Riggles.
Don, I just admit you said the wrong name.
I didn't... I like Don Riggles.
Anywhere, aren't we debating hentai versus furries?
Yeah, hentai, obviously.
Well, hentai's so broad and dumb.
Hang on, hentai dumb?
I'll hard work animators and pour it in,
to realistically animating sexual fantasies
that could never exist in this... in the boring 3D world.
This is 3D hentai.
Hentai, hentai.
I'm just saying furries is your whole community.
So is that hentai?
Okay, well look, we're getting ahead of ourselves.
I don't know if we have any mods that can make that poll.
Or get on that shit, Crumb.
Um, you know, oh, con mucho amor,
hentai or furries, and we're good to go.
Well look, uh, nothing against...
Oh my, I already called for expert.
Stop that!
I'm just kissing the graphic.
Ew!
Well, an expert's been called for.
We'll get right to that.
Don Wiggles?
Don Riggles?
Oh good, in case you're gonna bring in Riggles.
Can you fucking debate something already?
I mean, I don't even know if I have to.
It seems like I can't help but win lately.
I'm just straight winning no matter what I fucking say.
Maybe the debate should be, can I ever lose?
And the answer is nah.
The debate is hentai versus furries.
Don't reward this man for his fucking lazy lack of mental rigor,
unable to debate a fucking thing.
At this point, he's just coasting off the idea
of the audience playing a fucking prank on me.
They know I'm better than you, and they also know,
because I'm not gonna fucking...
I'm not gonna undermine the premise of this show.
I'm gonna debate the actual thing,
that hentai is superior to furries.
Let's fucking face it.
Again, as Kay's pointed out,
hentai, uh, subcategory of hentai could be furries.
You could do furry hentai.
So if you like furries, great.
Hentai's got you covered.
Well, if you like other things,
hentai's got you covered too.
An infinite realm of sexual imagination,
represented by cartoons.
What's not to like?
You can watch a fucking...
You can watch a fucking princess.
Fuck a man made out of fucking marshmallows.
You wanna see that?
Hentai's got you covered.
You wanna see...
Well, honestly, this would be real.
A bunch of tentacle shit where the consent stuff
is pretty up in the air.
Yeah, hentai definitely has you covered there too.
Well, yes, I'd say as a genre,
when it comes to representations of sexuality,
you could argue hentai's one of the least healthy,
notoriously tending lots of non-consent as a genre.
But consensual non-consent is a genre
and a respected form of kink.
So no kink shaming.
Okay, I'm not kink shaming.
I'm just arguing that the superior kink here
is actually furries.
Furries are their own culture.
They're a social group as much as they are a fetish.
It's not all about sex with furries.
I would argue hentai by its very nature is all about sex.
I'd say that people agree with me here
that furries is a superior group to be a part of.
Am I am I not?
I'm not going to say, but I am going to say that I did.
In fact, you win and that's incredible.
Oh, I got that.
Oh, I got that.
I got that one.
That's probably why I was talking out.
No, this is all down.
I'm all up.
Yeah, all I do is I just keep moving up.
I'm moving up and up and up and I just can't stop.
It turns out that I just can't fucking stop beating you.
And it's crazy.
There's a lot of disinformation.
I'll bring reason to the form.
I've challenged the status quo.
Can we turn this fucking song down?
And expose the lie dead or hold on tight.
Turn my song back up.
The people shine.
That's my creed.
You burden me with your questions.
But facts and science all heed good things.
You say I see you chat.
Your twist of tales just give away the things you say.
I know you don't want to vote for this man.
Maybe you think I need to be humbled.
Well, let me tell you impossible.
I will not be humbled.
And I won't lose.
I haven't lost.
I never will lose.
I'll continue to never lose.
Get this fucking camera away from me.
Yeah, push it away so you guys have to see.
Look at this beautiful set that's my set that can't be taken from me.
You think I can you think I'm scared of losing?
I know that I can't.
You can't scare someone.
You can't make someone scared of heights
if they know that they can never fall.
And that's where I'm at.
So fooling yourself and thinking that you're going to affect me
with this crazy scored nonsense.
I know this shit's rigged.
I didn't tell them either me one bit.
You're crumbly.
You're not making a ton of sense.
I think you're losing.
I think you're losing your grip on reality, Munch.
No, I'm as mentally sharp as ever.
You're not going to fucking get your little insecure thoughts in my brain, Crumb.
You're just staring at me.
Oh, it's working.
It's not working.
Sorry, I've mentally crushed you.
I'm still ahead.
I'm still ahead.
Not that it matters.
Not that I can be mentally swayed one way or another.
But I will never lose.
Get really close.
Getting really close.
And let me just let me just show you how dire the situation really is.
How dire the situation really is for you.
Because actually the score is boom, boom, 78.
I'm only eight points away.
I am on fire.
Thank you, Banki Yoshi.
You're not on fire.
The only thing that's on fire is that chat thinks they're so fucking cool with me
that they can prank my ass like this by giving you nearly 100 points is the claim.
I don't believe that that's true.
I think again, I think all of that's fake.
I think it's rigged.
If you ever actually beat me, it's just a sign that chat likes me even more than you.
How did that make any sense?
Because they think that it's funny because if you really boys with somebody,
then you pull pranks on them.
So really, if you ever manage to surpass me, that's just chat saying,
God, we love Munch and the joke was on Crumb.
He's so desperate.
He's so desperate, but everyone can see.
The emperor doesn't have any clothes.
In fact, his penis got sucked up into his stomach.
The emperor's penis has been sucked up into his stomach.
That's going to be what they call the Munch story.
My penis has not been sucked up into my stomach.
That doesn't even make sense.
No, there's the idea.
The emperor has no clothes.
That's where it starts.
But with you, the premise continues to your penis getting sucked up into your stomach.
And people say, does he have any generals going on at all down there?
And they say, well, he did.
But now his penis is sucked up into his stomach because of the level that he was destroyed.
Mentally.
Mentally.
Why would that affect my penis?
It's just your penis got scared.
It ran up into your body.
It can happen.
What?
Yeah, that can happen.
It can happen.
Wait, did that happen to you?
Of course that happened to you.
No, it didn't happen to me.
But it can happen.
I thought you that definitely can't happen.
It might happen when I beat you Munch.
Maybe your penis will get sucked up into your stomach.
That's not a...
Well, you're not going to beat me anyway.
So it doesn't matter.
And if anything that's happened to you,
this fucking...
I'm fine.
I'm fine.
I feel fucking good.
And that's all the time we have.
We don't always need a fucking cheater chat.
But what's going on?
Just know that when he doesn't beat me,
and if you keep voting for him, it's not...
I'm fine.
It's fine.
I'm fine.
And also don't.
No.
Like, don't.
Okay, we'll see you next time.
Yeah.
Furries are better than hentai.
Who could have seen it coming?
Any of the furries in chat probably couldn't have seen it coming, actually.
But sorry to all of our hentai fans.
It just means that furries is...
It doesn't mean hentai is bad.
It just means furries is better.
Well, we did prove it scientifically.
So I guess that's a fact going forward.
Okay, we got to cover...
We got to cover Oklahoma Man.
One of my favorite mans to cover.
Florida Man, Oklahoma Man.
It's a tight contest.
Um, let's bring...
I guess let's bring Chet over.
Talk about this important story.
Encour-
And thank you to Random for the suggestion.
Wow.
Rattlesnake, Uranium Whiskey, and a firearm.
Okay.
That's a heck of a...
That's a heck of a combo.
Let's see what Chet has to say about it.
Please walk up to the desk.
Uh, Chet.
I got a fucking theme now.
I just want to point out that that needs to be celebrated.
Strongest, coolest, bad.
I got a fucking theme.
Everybody loves it.
The reviews are in.
And all people can say is...
God, damn.
That shit's fucking sick.
Way to go, Chet.
Those are all the reviews I've gotten so far.
And I can't help but agree.
You just stopped your theme.
Well, we have to get to the story.
And I don't want to...
When you got a hit, you can't overplay it.
You only played about 20 seconds.
And the rest is price locked behind a Spotify premium account.
That's not...
I don't think it's on Spotify.
But it will be for the low price of 10.99.
I'm starting the proprietary Spotify called Chetify.
And all everybody's going to be there soft launch date 2030.
Is this your big announcement?
Chetify.
Chetify premiere.
10.99 a month for every song that I've ever made.
Which is how many?
Just the one right now.
But by 2030, when we soft launch, thousands.
Actually, considering the level of care we put into the Chet song,
it could be a thousands by then.
Chetify.
Why have lettuce when you have a little cheddar on your...
Music.
And lettuce is Spotify.
And that's our motto.
Okay.
That's...
Yeah.
Well, if you want to find out about rattlesnakes and uranium.
Obviously, I want to find out about that.
That's the only reason I'm not still plugging Chetify.
Oklahoma man driving stolen vehicle caught with rattlesnake.
Uranium, whiskey and firearm.
Police Steven Jennings joke with officers that he was creating a super snake.
And here's the man who did it.
They click on the show us what's happening ABC.
Caught on camera today that caught our attention.
Officers out in Oklahoma pulled over a pickup truck for having an expired tag.
A body cam was rolling as officers discovered the driver not only had a gun,
the truck he was driving was stolen.
And in the back, he had a canister of radioactive powered uranium and a rattlesnake.
That's how it is.
Yeah.
Officers also found an open bottle whiskey.
Both the driver and the passenger.
He was drinking?
That's hard to believe.
He seems like he's got a head on his shoulders.
He's got uranium.
That's not easy to come by.
Our darkest days in the battle against COVID are ahead.
Stop it.
I don't want to know about COVID.
I'm done knowing about COVID.
Oh, you're done with that?
We're all done knowing about COVID.
We don't have to anymore.
Oh, I wasn't sure that was how it works.
That's how it works.
Respect on deck for Chet.
Chetify monitors your credit score and takes one point away for every song listened to.
Gold replicant.
You're on my fucking level.
You get it.
You got to like, you got to tie in all the aspects of being a modern person like credit scores.
What kind of AI terms are you using when you create images?
And also who you sub to on YouTube?
Those are the main things that that Chetify collects to
curate the perfect listening experience for you.
It does lower your credit score while it does that because it has to run a credit check every
time you play a song, but which does impact your credit score.
But if it's, if you're not testing your credit score, are you even using it?
I'm not sure that's how that works.
Exactly.
The music is good.
And that's kind of what matters at the end of the day.
Plus a unique infotainment experience via song.
Officers in Oklahoma made us what?
Sorry, what are we going?
We're getting back into the story.
Officers in Oklahoma made a startling discovery after arresting two people at a traffic stop
only to find their vehicle contained the rattlesnake, canister of uranium,
an open bottle of whiskey, and a firearm.
Authorities said Thursday, which I just, I just called that a fucking Thursday night.
Why, I don't know if that's something to brag about.
Should I driving drunk with a gun and a nuclear element?
I call that a Wednesday night.
I just, I don't, okay.
An officer with the Guthrie police department had pulled over Stephen Jennings and Rachel Rivera
for driving with expired tags.
Anthony Gibbs told ABC news after the officer discovered that Jennings was driving with
an expired license and Rivera was a convicted felon in possession of a firearm,
both replaced under arrest, Gibbs said.
The vehicle a Ford Explorer was impounded because it did not have insurance and it
was later discovered that the vehicle had been stolen.
Dude, this guy, let's be real.
This guy's kind of a fucking player.
What about this makes you a player having a uranium and a gun and being drunk
and stealing a car?
Don't hate the fucking player, dude.
Hate the fucking game of car nuke snake, car nuke snake.
Everybody loves the game snake, but what happens when you get too good at it?
Take it into the real world and you up the ante.
You get a gun and some uranium and you get drunk all because you love the game snake
and you just wanted to take it out into a field and see if those three things combined
or four could create the game in real life.
How are you extrapolating that from the story?
I don't know.
I mean, he's just, I'm just guessing that he's like a man who loves to test his limits.
Like me, he's just testing shit out.
Like, how good can I drive when it's an expert mode?
Yeah, but he could have killed somebody.
And that's bad?
Yes.
Oh, okay.
The vehicle, a Ford Explorer was impounded because I didn't ever read that.
Here he is.
And again, I think he looks pretty fucking cool.
Like if this guy was my uncle, I'd be like, all right.
So when the impound of the vehicle begins and they start moving compartments,
here's the rattlesnake in the back seat, Gabe said.
It was surprising to the officer, obviously.
As the officer continued to search the vehicle,
they spotted an open bottle of Kentucky Deluxe Whiskey near a firearm.
The surgeon said, then they discovered a container of yellowish powder that contained
uranium.
Uranium.
You know, you said it right like six times.
How are you reading it?
Okay, whatever.
Yeah, that sounds, how did he get through uranium?
Can you just get uranium?
If you have the right connects.
Is this article from Florida?
Surprisingly, Huey, this article comes courtesy
and just to prove it a fucking Oklahoma.
It's not just for musicals anymore.
It's also for fucking drunk uncles to steal nukes and snakes.
Oklahoma, where the snakes are irradiated.
Big jade up says labeled uranium.
Oh, well, as long as it's labeled,
then honestly, I don't even know why people are so upset.
Did not appear that Jennings or Rivera were under the influence of the alcohol.
They were fucking sober.
Come on.
We're fucking being we're player hating.
We're hating the game and the player and you got at least pick one to hate.
Not both at the same time.
Well, like I said, it's good that they weren't drunk.
I mean, you know, who could blame them if they got a little excited?
They had a couple shots because they had their snake and their gun in their uranium.
But in this case, they showed discretion.
Valor under the under temptation.
And they were sober.
That's crazy to me.
I would have been so drunk.
Chat.
Oak Laney.
Oh.
Oak uranium.
John.
John G.
Man.
That is that an element?
Is that one of the ones that's got like that's like way up on that?
That's like 200 plus.
I don't think oak uranium is one yet.
But then it could discover a new element anytime.
Well, keep that title then kind of just tucked away.
Chrissy.
A random fun fact.
You are allowed by law to transport a specific amount of uranium.
The points just stack keeps stacking up in front of my dudes in my dudes favor.
Like he's been this is a witch hunt.
But instead of a witch, it's a warlock.
And people think warlocks don't have feelings.
Well, my man's feeling the fucking sting of the law right now.
And I say, remove the stinger from that bee and set my man free.
You've really gotten on this guy's side without even finishing the story.
I just I recognize like a communal spirit, a fellow traveler.
And I think he's being strung up.
Jennings was arrested on charges of possession of a stolen vehicle.
Oh, I guess he did steal the car.
But if your car is stolen, doesn't it kind of just mean you fail to protect it?
I guess it also does technically mean that.
But I mean, that's a pretty weird way to look at it.
But sometimes the weird way is the way to San Jose.
Just because it rhymes doesn't mean it means anything.
And that's where you're wrong.
And that's where he'll always be wrong.
Anyway, he's arrested because he stole the car.
He was operating a vehicle with a suspended license
and a failure to carry a security verification form.
So a couple little mistakes.
Rivera was arrested on charges of possession of a firearm
after a former felony conviction.
And we've all got a couple felonies.
So don't hold that against him.
The snake was taken from the scene and euthanized.
Fuck.
Oh man.
Okay, well, I mean, I don't know why they had to euthanize the snake.
I think that's, I think that's, I agree that's unfortunate.
This is so fucked.
No, I want, play me fucking, that fucking snake.
I just wanted to like eat little circles.
And every time he eats his circle, his tail gets longer.
Till that snake's biggest shit, he fills the screen.
They killed him when he was just a little, little snake.
Barely eating any circles.
And those little circles is going to be uranium.
And then he could have become what, who knows what kind of snake.
Maybe the snake from anaconda could have been real.
If we weren't so short-sighted in Oklahoma, where they fear uranium
and they fear firearms and they fear freedom.
But I say I'm fucking done with that.
Justice for the snake.
I ain't letting this go.
I ain't letting this slide like other stories.
I'm fucking going to Oklahoma.
Really?
Eventually.
I mean, you know, you have to go to all sorts of places.
And when I do go, if I am ever in, when I, well, we'll see.
If I am ever there, I'm going to probably bring this up and be like, that's fucked up.
You're really taking a stand shut.
Somebody's got to.
Anyway, in the state of Oklahoma, there are certain seasons where you can hunt
rattlesnakes.
This just happens to be one of those seasons.
Fuck, the snakes don't stand a chance.
You have said this was the first time he'd ever encountered discovery like this.
And his, his department has received calls from other munitions.
Peltized regarding just how they handled it.
Because if we run into it, it's going to be possible that someone else runs into it.
And Jennings could not be reached by ABC News.
So they might have just made all that up.
Oh, wow.
Okay.
What?
Oh, the uranium did not result in charges because Jennings was in possession of a legal amount.
Chet fucking called it.
They know.
That some players got out a little bit of uranium.
There's probably some uranium or some shit in your phone.
To be fair, I honestly don't know what uranium is used in.
It just makes me think of nukes because I'm an idiot.
There's legal amounts of uranium.
Yeah, I mean, come on, you got to, sometimes you got to have a little.
Like, can we not have fun anymore?
I just don't understand.
Like, what's happening to the world, dude?
What's happening in this country?
The fucking founding fathers, they used to carry little sniffters of uranium.
They snored a couple of lines and made them more free.
It loosened up their brain so they could think of how to end monarchy.
And then they did.
And that's also why they were so strong and they all lived like 300 or 400 years back then.
I think you're combining like superheroes, the Bible, and I think you recently watched
Cruel Intentions and you watched Sarah Michelle Geller snort coke out of a little vile.
And you're just combining all those things.
All of this is the news, man.
They used it for coloring up until the 90s.
So we don't want kids to have crayons now.
There's got to be a better way.
Sharks, there's got to be a better way than putting uranium in our kids coloring utensils.
Maybe if you don't like vibrant colors.
I've lived a life exactly shapeshifter, little glass vile uranium,
right around their necks next to an American flag and a cross.
Three little dangling chains.
Every single founding father carried just around their neck.
And when they felt low or like shit, maybe King Edward is going to win.
They fucking they take a fat line of uranium super.
It's super charged them for a minute.
And then they'd fucking write the Declaration of Independence.
That's how they did it back then.
I just would like to point out that none of that's true,
but that's fine because it's so obvious that it's not.
This guy is a fucking hater.
I like someone's captain history over here thinks he knows what's up.
But what I'm saying is what I'm saying is up is thanks to our man,
snake uncle, Uncle Snake, Steven Jennings.
Oh, that's who they couldn't reach.
Well, they didn't even get his fucking word on it.
I say justice for Jennings, justice for Snake.
They killed his fucking snake.
How low do you have to go?
Let the man have a snake.
Let him have his guns.
Let him have a little bit of uranium so he can sniff it up
and have cool IDs.
Again, I just does the disclaimer.
Nobody sniff uranium.
Yeah, nobody can anymore.
And nobody can anymore.
What else are we talking about?
Um, apparently we also said we talked about zombies that hate breakdancing.
I don't know what that means, but I did Google it
and it brought up this video on TikTok.
So I guess we can watch that.
This doesn't even have sound.
Oh, the sound isn't available.
Here, I'll play, um,
I'll just play one of DJ music songs over this, I guess.
Wake up, wake up.
No, what the fuck?
Wake up, wake up, wake up.
Your mom's a sheep.
Your dad is gay.
Your dad is my dad.
You want a boy snowman sheep?
Wow.
You ready?
Uh-huh.
Catch me.
Catch me.
Yo, wait.
I'm gonna fly.
Ah, shit.
Wee.
Yeah.
Baby.
Well, the snake vid, the dance, the zombie babies went away.
Oh, I ended the video early.
Sorry, we should see the end of it real quick, probably.
Mama.
Hey.
I'm gonna fly.
Ah, shit.
Wee.
Yeah.
Baby mama.
That's from Korean comic.
Um, so,
is that kind of covering the zombie story?
Don't know why?
That's what loaded right after that.
But it is true that when I click on the zombies,
baby babies that love to break dance video,
it for some reason opened that video.
Random agrees that we covered it.
I think we covered it.
So, uh, check out, check out Korean comic for more of that style of content.
Yeah, I've got it right on that.
You want to watch it one more time?
Um, I don't.
Come on.
Just one more.
Oh, shoot.
Now it won't load.
Now it's back to the original.
I don't get how TikTok works, damn it.
It gives and it takes away.
Anyway, I don't know.
Zombies that break dance, these babies love to.
So, I can either confirm nor deny that zombies do,
in fact, love to break dance.
Why did it load that other video?
Where is that from?
Where is that from?
Casey, is that the kind of stuff you follow on TikTok?
I swear that is not.
Don't follow that guy on TikTok.
We just found Casey's secret fetish is for Korean man voicing over frozen.
Oh, I should rip that track for Chedify premium audio.
Don't just steal people's stuff.
Even that, don't steal that for Chedify premium.
Chedify premium audio where one of our first sonies is potentially Korean comic
and his, it won't have the video, but it'll have the audio of him voicing over frozen.
And some words are like, some of the things he said might have been like a little offensive
to some people, but he's pushing the limits.
He's an artist and we respect, there's actually no limits on Chedify premium.
So you can say any words you want.
You're a free speech warrior.
I am and I'll never stop fighting and you never stop fighting.
Let's fight all day long chat.
Not with me, but against whoever we hate, which is things that aren't freedom,
like hating snakes and uranium and Oklahoma man that are just defending their rights.
I am chat.
Thank you.
I'm Chet and I'll be back.
And when I am, it'll still be the news.
But for now, the news is continuing, but without the news of me,
of me being the story that I read, which is finished and bye.
We got to check in with Don Riggles.
I forgot about Don Riggles.
Hey, Chet, are the rumors true?
You offered to Joe Rogan's a $200 million contract.
I can eat you.
You can turn your engine now that I've offered you to Joe Rogan's a $200 million contract.
Gets over to the satellite room so fast.
I'm an athlete.
I'm a goddamn athlete.
I'm not a little tiny big hot.
Anyway, what's up?
You just were sitting here.
Now you're over there.
Yeah, that's what's up.
Yeah.
Can you say skivity toilet on Chetify premium?
It's fucked up, but yes.
Oh, you can.
You just said it here too.
Well, you can say, I mean, this channel doesn't count.
I do have artistic standards.
So like that one, you got to stand for what you believe in.
It was a challenge to decide to let people to say skivity toilet.
But at the end of the day, I decided I got to stand for what I stand for.
Fair enough.
It is fair.
Everything is fair on Chetify premium.
I would like to point out this is an idea you had 10 minutes ago, maybe 20.
Some ideas come without planning or preparation.
True creative freedom is the decision to express yourself and invest a multimillion dollar
amount of Bitcoin into a non-existent LLC on your phone while covering a story about snakes.
Wait, you just maybe I did.
Maybe we're ready to go public soon.
So have you ever started a business?
I started every time I talk, it's a fucking business.
I'm not a business, man.
I'm a business, man.
And that, I think William Shakespeare wrote that shit.
OK, well, congrats on your business venture.
And no congrats needed.
All the things I need is your subscription and a couple million dollars.
Let's talk to Don Rickles.
I'm told that he's the ultimate roast comic.
And and take and I don't know if you're ready for this chat because
where does that he'll roast the shit out of you?
He'll roast anyone because he's that he's just that good.
Sorry, I'm just trying to get ahold of him real quick.
Come on, Mr. Riggles.
We got some requested coverage coming down the pipeline
courtesy of the Modmaster themselves live in Sleazy.
Mr. Sleazy, whatever you want, you know I will cover it as soon as we've talked to Mr. Riggles.
He's having trouble finding him.
Come on, Riggles.
Pick up the lot.
Pick up the video call.
Oh my God, some of these are so scary.
Eh, none of these are working.
Oh my God, that's too much.
I'm protecting you right now, Chad, I swear.
There's some people on the other end of this line that you'll never want to see.
Well, let's just use this one.
Pito's got him on the line.
Please welcome to the Ben Studios.
Careful because he'll roast you even if you're sitting way in the back.
It's Don Riggles.
Hello, Larry.
Larry kill ya.
Ah, I thought I got invited to a news station, not a poop station.
All right, um, hi Don, how's it going?
Oh well, it was going okay.
Now it's going about the speed of a German taking a poop on a bike.
How old are you?
120 years old.
You look honestly pretty good.
I have to bring these lights with me to light my face to look younger.
If people see the real me, they get a little alarmed.
You don't need all that here.
Okay.
Oh my God, actually turn it, um, turn those weird lights back on.
Okay.
Anyway, uh, geez, you really just gave it to me.
I didn't realize I ran a poop station.
Well, you should have, uh, because you stink.
A little stinky butt.
Um, did your mom not do your laundry?
Because women don't won't do laundry anymore.
Um, no, my mom passed away a long time ago.
Well, it probably was because of your ass.
She probably died from the stink of your smelly butt.
Um, I'm not offended.
I just, uh, I seem to remember, you've been compared to obviously to Don Rickles.
Oh, getting that out of here.
And I just, it feels like he was a little, you know, he had some kind of racist stuff.
And it just felt a little more personal.
Anybody could have a stinky butt.
Well, anybody could, but you've got the stinkiest.
So I don't really see a choice, but to go with, with the smell.
Cause I can, it's like I'm, it's like I shoved two fingers up my ass and then straight into my nose,
young man, call the fire department and have them all run a train on this young man
to clean out his butt using their penises.
Jesus Christ.
I just, I just got you.
Um, okay.
Well, anyway, do you have anything to say to Chad?
I think he, I think you covered me.
I'm not done with you.
You're in the fucking strike zone, baby boy.
Okay.
You, um, yeah.
Is that the city LA behind you?
Because, uh, because that place smells like shit.
So I bet you live there.
You're just so smell focused.
Yeah.
Again, you stink.
Okay.
Well, can you just, um, grandpa said a lot of dirty words.
Well, the dirtiest word I could say of all is Case Blackwell's unclean anus.
Should have called, should have called, should have called the 1996 Olympic diving team
to run a train on, on him with their, with their wet penises from being in the pool
in the hopes that the chlorine would clean out your stinky little butt.
So again, this just seems like it's really on one line of thought here.
Propaganda V2 wiggled the mustache.
Well, I'll tell you, the only propaganda I've heard is that Case cleans his ass.
He's been running that ad campaign like his, like his name is, um, Ross Perot.
He's a recent presidential candidate.
Okay.
Well, I think we're, I think maybe we've had a, but all we need to, I think I get where you're going,
Mr. Wiggles.
Kyle is still trapped in his ass.
Yeah.
I wouldn't be surprised if there's someone trapped in your ass.
They probably sent in a whole team to clean it.
Like, like a SeaWorld fish tank, but your ass is like the one from the movie
where the fish eats everybody, the jaws.
And, and, uh, but if Jaws had bad breath, are you Belgian?
What?
Because they got stinky butts.
It's just like World War II.
You have the German thing.
Um, Ross Perot more like stinks below.
Frick, that's good.
That's good.
If you want to come on the road with an old timer and maybe punch up some of his stuff,
Huey, Huey Kyler, then, um, I don't, I'm not technically rich, but because I'm old,
I just have money.
Oh, is that how that works?
That's how that works.
Okay.
Well, anyway, um, thanks again for being here.
You can't, I'm not, I got a, I got a deal to do 45 minutes.
Anytime I make an appearance, a cool 45.
Can you just do any non-ass material?
Well, um, can you not have a butt that stinks?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Nope.
And that's where he's wrong folks.
Okay.
I'll move on.
I'll move on.
Um, is, is he the new caker, host of caker butt?
Well, uh, I'll tell you what, if I, if I paid for a cake and it, and it looked,
it smelled like, um, it smelled like your ass, then I would, I wouldn't need it.
Okay.
Yeah.
You're just, you're not, you're not, you're not a comedy guy.
I mean, maybe not.
It's honestly more fun when they don't laugh, when the person you're roasting,
you're the butt of the joke.
And in this case, your butt is the joke because your butt stinks.
They should call, um, should call over the KGB to go undercover as you,
uh, so that someone finally washes Case Blackwell's ass.
Because even a Russian, even, even a, even a commie fucking pinko from Russia would
clean their stinky butt better than you.
You fuck.
Okay.
I got 35 minutes left.
No, I do have to move on.
I'm going to turn off your lights and, and you can go, please don't turn off my lights.
Uh, well, we don't have the budget to run at that many lights.
Okay. Well, I'll see.
Thanks for having me.
Sorry if I went a little hard.
I gotta, I gotta protect the brand.
Are you okay?
I feel good.
You dye your hair.
I do dye my hair.
I dye it the color of your fucking butt, which is filled with poop.
And, and they should call, um, they should call, they should call that, that boyband,
uh, the nine kids on the block over on, send all nine kids over to clean out your ass with,
with their whole arm, put their whole arm up there with a rag.
Okay. Well, anyway, thanks.
Thanks.
I guess thank you.
Thank you.
The Beach Boys?
No, that was a heck of a, those are a heck of a group of guys.
Tell you what, their butt smelled like the sand.
Because they're working boys.
Thanks for having me.
I'll see you next time.
All right.
Different generation.
I guess I just, I, you know, back when you could do real comedy, that stuff probably killed.
But not that comedy is dead.
I, I just, I don't know.
I'm trained not to laugh at that kind of thing.
So apologies to whoever requested, uh, Don, Don Riggles.
I don't know if he's up to his old standard or maybe he is.
We had a request for coverage, uh, from live and sleazy.
Let me find it.
Uh, let him roast utilize the internet.
Oh, fuck.
I got to bring Don back to roast the internet.
All right.
Well, if what live and sleazy wants live and sleazy gets Don, is Don still here?
Can we get Don back on the line and then get him to the desk?
Peter, can you use the teleporter real quick?
No teleporter needed.
I'm here.
Uh, great.
Please walk into the desk.
What shit?
He's already here.
Sorry.
Let's use the internet with, uh, with our friend Don Riggles.
Well, you're not wriggling out of this one.
And then nobody could wriggle out of, uh, the cavernous hole of your butt.
They'd be trapped due to the stink.
And let's talk about, um, let's use the intern, the internet.
Let's trap some interns.
Uh, yeah.
Well, the videos are on the monitor in front of you.
And just let us know what you think of them, Don.
Uh, well, it's hard to think.
And you can guess what?
Cause my ass stinks?
Yeah.
It's hard to think around this stink.
I'm gonna make a shirt that says that with your face on it.
That's fine, man.
I don't know.
I'm not again, I'm not offended.
I'm just bored.
It's just so one note.
Well, uh, you know, uh, the only note you play is the brown note.
Or maybe that's the only note you hear because I suspect you've shit your pants.
Let's use the internet.
Let's use the internet.
Don, we haven't used it enough.
And, um, there's some good stuff in there.
You ready to use some internet, buddy?
All right.
Don't call me buddy.
I, I, I got, I got, I got buddies bigger than your whole, than your whole whole.
That's okay.
Whatever.
Let's look at this guy.
Look at this one.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
I think the joke in that one was, um, I don't, women don't really read.
So that was not the joke.
Well, I just, I couldn't help but chuckle because they showed a woman reading.
Even they read back when you were young.
That means you've just always been like this.
All right.
Let's try another one.
Um, okay.
This is a clip of a real Hooper.
Uh, well, I'll tell you who's got a real Hooper.
Don't fucking take my joke.
It's not, it's not a guessing game.
This is a performance.
Okay.
Don, just watch this.
There.
Huh?
Look at it.
Huh?
There's no sound.
Is there supposed to be sound?
Or is there supposed to be sound?
Uh, no.
Well, the joke there was all of those young men dressed up as, as, as young teenage girls to play basketball.
Yes, Don.
That's not the joke, but I'm not surprised you think that.
Yeah.
And I'm laughing.
You didn't laugh.
You didn't, you didn't even laugh.
I'm laughing.
I can't laugh anymore.
I, I have a throat thing.
I can't laugh, but I'm laughing.
Just, I have to say it.
Well, I thought that they were pretty good.
What the hell?
Same thing happens whenever I ask my wife to pop the trunk.
Nothing.
What do you want from me?
Something.
I don't know, man.
But that's crazy though.
Yeah, you know, I've seen worse.
Yeah, I know.
I'll tell you, here's what I'll tell you.
They should have sent that train that have that man's automobile.
They should have sent it to your ass to clean it out because of the stink in there.
Okay, Don.
Let's say let's keep going.
That is pretty wild, though.
Do you see that?
I separated the...
Whoa, okay.
You've really seen worse than that?
I've seen worse.
Like what?
Here is 1901.
You're not 125 years old.
Are you going to remember that?
Have you already said your age?
Here's 1901.
Trains have just been invented.
That's not true.
And back then it was horses.
So when our Amazon drivers back in the day, there wasn't Amazon in 1901.
You don't know.
They weren't used to the train.
So they crossed with their horse.
The horse had just stopped in the middle of the tracks.
Horse should get blown in half.
And the guy would be like, dang it.
He'd have to ride the horse the rest of the way to deliver his parcel with two legs.
And that's a rodeo.
It was a Sears truck back then.
Yeah, I think Huey's right.
All right, Huey's broken watch is right twice a day.
If you put it in this man's butt and then the right, it's got the right to stink.
Thank you for the sub, Commander.
We're going to do a couple more of these.
14 months.
The only thing I watch for 14 months is I've been watching
the obituary section, praying for your death because of how bad you smell.
Okay, well, let's just keep reading.
We're not reading.
Just watch one of these.
I separated the art from the artist.
And the artist was like, what intonation?
Where did my art go?
I brought another offering to the river.
So I decided I wanted an influencer hardly knower
and have like a thousand million hundred followers and dollars.
If you guys could do that for me.
Woman's taking over this lake.
I was struck when I came here.
So I think he was doing the same thing.
So I'm hoping no one else comes along in the near future.
I don't know.
You guys have told me I look crazy doing this,
but the rocks are so slimy.
Like I'm just slipping around on the rocks.
It's kind of a vibe.
I feel like I get like a little creature.
And that's another thing they don't tell you.
It's really, really fun to be a little creature.
Have you tried it?
Have you tried being a creature?
I kind of want to be a little creature.
The rocks and the river in the winter.
Scientists found that you actually have to have like 10 hours
of creature time a week
in order to be a successful happy achieve.
If you want to be successful happy achieve CEO vibes,
then you have to do this.
You have to be a creature sometimes.
You have to risk hypothermia.
And by the way, I probably have never even been at risk
of hypothermia that bad.
Like if Wim Hof can do it,
I literally can too.
Like anything Wim Hof can do, girls can do better.
I want to be, I want to be a water creature.
What?
She made me, she made me want to join the water.
I'd be free in there.
Floating.
Are you okay, Don?
I got eyes a boy and I lived, lived in the sea.
Eyes a fish.
Oh no, Don is having a, Don is having a moment.
But the problem was the river I lived in was downstream
from your toilet.
So my river became polluted with,
it stunk like you the whole river
because of the stink you make.
All right.
Well, your dementia is, is also filtering into your jokes.
So I guess you're holding on to that.
Don't make my noises.
Okay.
There's a young lady wearing jeans,
which a little on the line for me.
But let's see.
Are you gay without saying it?
The Calvin's and baggy jeans combo is always safe,
but lose the belt.
Shoe lace belts only in this house.
It's not practical at all.
And it doesn't even look that good.
But it is very gay.
You just need way too many rings.
If you think you've got enough rings on already, you don't.
You just don't.
Any shoes that look like you've stolen them
from a construction site will work.
The tote bag is mandatory.
Don't skip this step.
Do I even need to say it?
Yes, you do need a carabiner attached to your jeans.
You want an oat milk latte,
but bonus points if it's in a ceramic key cup.
Next, you'll want to grab your machete.
This is for our granola and hunting days.
Attach that to your jeans as well.
You will also need to carry a guitar around with you
at all times.
Obviously, you're also into film photography.
And in case that doesn't work,
you can wear a sign that says,
I love chicks.
It should have been sent out to you
with this month's copy of the gay agenda.
Well, I appreciate that because I like to know
when there's a gay around.
I bet you do.
But I can sniff it out.
So I don't need those steps.
And I'd say, you smell actually straight.
But like straight men with incredibly rank asshole.
Fine.
I liked that one.
You like that one?
Yeah, I like that she had a weapon.
Okay.
I appreciate that she's sort of forward thinking.
Again, she was a lady in jeans.
I think that's brave.
Standing up for women in jeans.
A lot of guys my age used to be surprised.
We're okay with that.
Okay.
We'll do one more.
We'll do one more.
And then we'll get someone a little more high energy.
I have plenty of that.
Okay.
This is I like this.
This is a bed competition.
And I know these exist.
They use me as a cadaver for these sometimes.
Sometimes you need a cadaver to test out the bed.
They'll bring me in.
Holy hell.
This this this young man is I wouldn't kick him out of bed
because I need him to make not for I would.
He's kind of crushing another fella.
He's so much faster.
That guy must feel like a fool.
Oh, shots fired.
Sounds like a Dallas parade in there.
This is back when real men can make beds.
Now they don't even let men make beds anymore.
And the women women say not let me make the bed.
But back in my day.
This is a you just tell you train your son.
You'd say you're gonna have to eat bark for two months.
If I can't smell the corners on that bed.
And then wow.
As you put this bed in a museum, it's too clean to sleep on.
It's preserving for future generations to know what beds used to be.
We're watching this whole thing.
You stay focused down there.
Or I will clean out your stinky butt myself.
Shoot, I wanted it.
I wanted to see the scoring.
We all know the one closer to the camera one.
The other one was miles behind.
I was pretty confused by your commentary.
But at this point, I don't think there's any reason to ask you questions.
Huh? Maybe we'll do one more.
This thread is honestly pretty great.
Unfortunately, I'm watching it with Don.
What's that?
But I do appreciate all these videos.
Let's grab a random one.
What the fuck is this?
Okay, this is this title.
Crackhead fights his dealer in Russia epic fights.
It's a pretty it's a pretty wild title.
Fight your dealer?
If you have a dealer, it's you ain't fought.
You ain't even buying.
Okay, let's see.
I miss the days when I'm in where the look how low this man shorts are.
You can't fight like that.
He needs shorts right up to the nipple all the way up to the nipple.
That gives you the free range of movement to shuck and dodge.
This other guy's in a full suit, which I respect.
Look, you got to look good.
And he's got an athlete's body.
Real strong man.
They're shaped like an egg.
That hunky-dumpty story is a story about if you look like an egg,
you can survive any fall.
And this I'm surprised he lost.
I think he was I think sometimes you get sleepy.
And I think he threw the fight because he was because he's tired.
This is the thing I've done.
But he'd got a strong egg shape.
And the other man's got to pull up those shorts.
And honestly, what you should do is pull down your shorts.
You should and you should buy a whole soap factory.
And here's what you do.
You set up the assembly line to feed all that all that soap.
Straight into your gaping hole of a butt.
And just pray to whatever disgusting slug you pray to that it queers you of your stink.
And that's all in fun.
Thanks for being a good sport.
That's the end of your set.
That's my time.
I'm done.
Can I get some music to play me off?
Can I get some music to play me off, please?
Yeah, Pepito.
Can we get him some music to play him off?
And that's all that I got for you today.
Thanks.
Thank you, folks.
I'll be I'll be down at the checkers factory on March 25th.
And I'm playing I'm playing the Campbell soup fecal waste treatment plant on I think June 8th.
And in July, if God permitting I'm still alive.
I plan to be I believe it's called the Werther's
Werther's billiards poll and plantation.
I'll be playing that.
So get your tickets.
Call a travel agent.
And they'll let you know they can set you up with a carriage and a ticket to come see me.
And and do yourself a favor and see yourself away from this guy's
fetid swamp of a but his stinky butt.
I'm just playing it.
It's been thanks for having me.
And again, I put that check in the mail because I ain't doing this.
I do this for free.
You stinky little guy.
Okay.
And I'm leaving.
Hey, thanks to Don for being here.
For being here for like 30 minutes.
But I told Pepito to speed up the clock so that it would look like 40 is actually pretty close to 40.
He's here for a while.
That was a lot.
There's a lot of Don.
I thought he was pretty good.
Your butt doesn't really stink that bad though.
Honestly, no humans butts stink enough for me.
You guys really need to work on your stink game.
Like dog communicates so much with our butts and you guys barely communicate anything.
Mostly what you communicate is I eat too much sugar.
All of you eat way too much sugar and you can smell that for sure.
Other than that, it's like reading a children's book.
And honestly, a dog's butt is like reading Moby Dick.
I thought you can't read.
I can't.
I'm trying to put it in terms you understand.
Pepito, do you?
Yeah.
Good question.
Do you know what minutes are?
I don't know.
I don't understand how you work.
What do you know?
I know stuff.
Throwing up rookie butt numbers.
I mean, I think I'd prefer to.
Yes.
Let's try to say a little more.
Try to be a little more original down there.
Is all I'm saying is basic human butts, basic ass butts.
Yeah, he does know stuff.
He's a dog.
Yeah, he knows some stuff.
I don't know.
Dog can be very smart.
Dogs in some ways are the wisest of all creatures,
you know, because they're just they're playing it by pure instinct.
That's true.
I'm an instinctual beast full of wisdom.
Okay, I'll take your word for it.
I don't know what Pepito does exactly, but he is our producer.
And I don't know what that is either, but I'm doing it.
I can't prove that this place runs without you.
I guess technically it did run without you for a couple months,
but now we've had you for a while.
Hey, have you gotten on a hiring?
Any I told you you could hire an associate producer.
I don't get how what is a link and where is it in?
That's some Don Riggle style humor.
That is very Don Riggles of you.
That's some Donnie trained at the best Donnie Riggles.
Actually, I don't you should have made it more about a but if you wanted it to be Don Riggles.
Oh shoot.
Well, that's why I'm not a pro.
Okay.
Well, we covered it.
We covered whatever that was.
He's doing something seems effective.
Yeah.
I mean, as far as I can tell it's working like a charm.
Let's kick it to the streets.
Well, yeah, let's kick it to the streets.
But we probably time to do the streets and Trent if we want.
Trenting up the streets.
But we haven't done the streets in a minute.
Well, you know what?
Maybe we're going to do Trent first, actually.
Sometimes doing back to back extended character stuff.
It might be a little much.
So we'll we'll ground ourselves with some movie trailers.
Let's send it over to Trent.
He's at the movies and I'm sure he'll manage to watch three.
It's Trent at the movies.
Yes.
Case acts like I won't watch three trailers.
I'm not fucking.
I promise you this.
I will watch three trailers.
I mean, it's a low bar to clear, but I believe that you'll do it.
Chris is here with his usual energy.
And honestly, today I'm staying fucking positive, dude.
I'm always positive, young blood.
I'm happy to be here.
It's good to see you.
What?
Hey, man, get my hair off your tongue.
Is he licking my fucking you're licking up my balls right now.
You know, young blood, come on.
Not everything needs to be that gross.
I'm just saying hi.
I'm trying to fucking I'm dabbing you up, man.
I'm saying thanks for saying hi.
You're being chilled today.
So keep it up and keep that fucking tongue off my fucking sack.
Dude, you fucking dead.
You fucking you fucking sucking up the my balls right now.
I don't think that's how young people talk, young blood.
But all right.
If with respect.
Okay.
Well, yeah, as long as it with respect.
No AI Popeye this time, shit.
Oh, the monkey man trailer.
Can we watch the monkey man trailer, young blood?
I mean, shit.
When you when we agree, we agree.
I actually saw the film.
I saw the film demon Slayer, the the anime series that is also a film
yet last night.
What?
So what I did was I went to see the movie demon Slayer
and it turns out it's actually was just a demon Slayer show,
but on a big screen.
And anyway, monkey man was a trailer that played before it.
So spoiler, I've already seen this shit, but it's so good.
It's so nice.
I got a monkey this shit twice.
Fucking 12 monkey this shit.
Watch it 12 times for all I care.
Anyway, it looks fucking good.
He's got that guy from the from like the Indian version
of who wants to be a millionaire.
You mean.
Wait, you mean that oscarine movie from something?
I can't remember what that shit's called.
But it's got Dev Patel is what you're saying.
Yeah.
Wasn't he in that fucking thing that got a month that got
Oscars or something?
But who wants to be a slumdog millionaire?
Oh, yeah, slumdog millionaire.
Fucking chat coming to your rescue as usual.
I sometimes you need a little help and I'm not afraid to ask.
Well, you didn't really.
Okay, whatever.
Anyway, let's watch a monkey man.
And we will.
I'm going to right now.
He's a man right now, but just wait.
There he is.
Fucking monkey.
Give me the job.
No one wants to do.
I'll do it.
Anyone who forgets their place, it doesn't turn out well for them.
This is not the place to work if you can't handle that sort of stuff.
Every day.
This is like me that time I worked at Hardee's, dude.
I fucking went beast on that place.
I've got an answer to every prayer I call a Nikki.
Minaj, big bumper, nice headlight.
Let's boogie.
Fuck yeah.
Jay-Z is here.
Everybody's here.
You need to fight.
See all mother for all of us.
And they're not quiet.
You're the soul of my son.
Don't remember who you're sure are.
Oh shit.
Look out, it's off.
Just one small ember and we're born down every...
Oh shit.
That's a white monkey like in the title.
I mean in the description at the beginning.
Ladies and gentlemen, are you ready for a fight?
One, two, three.
Oh, hot fossil of fucking head.
I mean, come on, fuck yeah.
You got me.
That shit's pretty like...
I got fucking...
I got pretty pumped from that.
Like what you got even, man.
I mean, I'll admit it.
That's pretty good.
Yeah, dude, fucking...
Indie and Batman?
Yeah, like I mean, why not?
We've had regular Batman long enough.
Except, I'll tell you this.
It's one step better because instead of being a bat,
which low key, Batman is cool, but like, let's be real.
Bats kind of suck.
It's a fucking monkey, dude.
And let me ask you this.
Would you rather hang out with a monkey or a bat?
I got to give it to the monkey, I guess.
I mean, they seem...
They seem more on our wavelength.
They do little activities.
They grab shit.
They steal stuff.
Monkeys are pretty fun.
A bat is just sort of flappy and scary.
Exactly.
And that's why monkey man is kind of better than Batman.
And also, it's got Slumdog Millionaire in it,
proving that actually he's sort of like a Slumdog of the people,
despite being a millionaire.
Well, it's a different film, so it's not carrying over.
You can't prove that it's not the same universe.
So I'd say don't like...
Don't say things you can't prove.
But I don't...
And she shouldn't...
It's because they got the same actor.
You don't need to reduce them to one role that they played once.
Half dog, half monkey.
Dude, that's so fucking scary to consider how tough that shit would be.
Got the fucking fight of a dog
and the smarts of a monkey?
It's like...
They should call it that.
Half dog, half monkey man.
That could be the sequel.
He becomes part dog.
Slum monkey dog...
Dog linear.
Slum monkey dog linear.
I'm just spitballing, but I would go see Slumdog...
Slum monkey dog linear.
Well, I believe that you would, young blood.
I believe that you specifically would go see that.
And maybe that's because I just fucking said that, dude.
Nick Cannon, bad versus wild?
Oh god, it hurts already.
Okay, well, we watched something good, so now let's watch this.
Let's see what this other thing is.
That's what I'm talking about.
Welcome to bad versus wild.
Los Vegas, y'all ready to beat your team?
Wait, what is the premise?
All right, here we go.
They ready.
They ready.
They ready.
Huh?
Doctor, doctor.
Oh god, oh god.
What the hell?
Something there was a nice ass in there.
Now, we got all your favorite personalities in one room.
Each team will battle it out in three rounds
for the title of the baddest or the wildest.
Now, let's get this thing started.
Green light.
She stopped, but the ass kept on.
What?
Full balls.
You a full split?
One.
Uh-oh, this could be it.
I think a thousand is a threesome.
Somebody sanitize Sidney's mic.
Musical chair.
I still don't know what this is, Uncle Phil 2K,
but it's called Bad versus Wild.
Good D.
Whoa.
Do your best.
Oh, is this a point for him?
Is this a point for him in person?
You get a baby.
You get a baby.
Feel like you're shooting at me, Megan.
You get a baby.
Show us how to do it.
I don't think he needs more babies, actually.
Ramona Lisa.
That's black.
He's black.
Come on.
Come on.
I'll be up tight with your pants.
That Ramona.
I got to keep it a stack.
You always fucking for free out of hotel.
We've seen the videos.
The whole United States, the whole United States.
We get the whole show.
It's a pretty long trailer.
You be doing it, but in real life.
You be eating whole death.
Oh, shit just got real.
I got my own fuck gun.
You got my own fuck gun.
I fucked up my games when we tried to fuck us.
We can cut this motherfucker up.
Right now.
Okay, we gonna try to maintain some order in here.
Dude, there's a lot left on this trailer.
What the fuck, bitch?
I'm not doing this.
They're going.
They're going.
They're going.
They're going.
They're going.
They're going.
They're going.
They're going.
They're going.
They're going.
They're going.
My god.
There's a lot happening.
They're going.
They're going.
They're going.
They're going.
What the fuck?
Somebody were back in that Russian fight pit.
Well, Nick Cannon needs somebody to employ the
mother of his children, I guess.
So he's got a lot of ladies to employ.
Don't blud.
That's not.
You can't say that.
Doesn't he have like 35 kids?
I'm like 38 different women?
Think of the numbers you just said.
No, but he does a lot of kids, right?
Yes, but I don't think any of the moms are on that show.
I mean, would I watch that?
Yes.
Why?
Why do that to yourself?
That's like time to leave the bar, the TV show.
Those are the noises you hear when you're out and
you're like, fuck, I got to go, I guess.
Yeah, but now you get to watch that shit from the
comfort of your own home.
So instead of being like, fuck, I think I got to leave
because this situation seems like it's going to get bad soon.
You get to stay in the situation free from potential harm.
I don't know that feels like
that feels like a show that's going to damage something.
It feels like I feel unhealthy from having watched that.
Well, that's because you're not.
You're not bad, I guess.
Maybe you're just wild.
So like wild, now it's probably more your speed,
but Nick Cannon was brave enough to ask like,
what if what if we introduced bad into the wild and the results are explosive?
And also occasionally there was like a butt.
Did you notice that?
I didn't notice that, but it didn't make it more appealing to me.
Really?
Well, I guess in a vacuum, the butt makes it more appealing,
but you got to consider the package the butt's coming in.
Seems like a real aggressively like,
I don't know, disrespectful package to everyone involved.
Yeah, dude, disrespectful to like maybe if you got like 18 sticks up your butt
and you're basically like a tree man.
What?
Yeah, if you're a man who's a tree because of all the sticks in your butt.
It's a very butt focused stream today.
I'm just saying give it a chance.
I think we just did that was like a four minute trailer.
Yeah.
Four minutes of like the future.
You just got a preview, baby of the future of entertainment and the future is fucking
it's pissed off.
The future seems like mad and desperate.
So we got to brace ourselves for that.
All right.
Well, you know, I'm going to go with wild versus bad.
I'm going to go with wild in the versus bad equation.
I think I prefer them wild jokes on you that the two are there.
Two sides of the same coin and they can't be separated.
That might be true.
Okay, let's do one more.
Boy kills world.
We watched a trailer for that a while ago and it was I was confused by it.
A new Paramount Plus series for Dora the Explorer.
Is that about your speed, young blood?
Don't fucking shit on Dora, man.
She's one of the OGs of the game, dude.
She's one of the first girls to count.
That's not true.
Dude, she's one of the first girls I ever saw count.
Plenty of women counted before that.
I'm not I'm not saying men counted before that either.
She's one of the first people I ever saw count.
So like to me, she's got a fucking past for life.
It's just that's because you saw it as a baby.
Although I kind of doubt that I suspect you might be older than that.
You don't fucking get how my age works.
That's true.
Year in preview.
All right.
We're going to watch, um, asphalt city.
Starting Sean Penn.
He's back.
Sean Penn is back, y'all.
All right.
Why not?
Asphalt city.
Maybe it's good.
You believe in heaven?
Oh, borderlands.
We'll watch that next.
We'll do four trials.
Blow some minds today.
Borderlands trip.
I believe in hell.
How long you been on the job?
A few weeks.
This guy's in Colorado.
I'm putting him in the rough.
Shit.
I usually get here 10 minutes early.
I like to ride with partners who do too.
Yes, sir.
He's that kid with the penis that everybody likes.
You think these people like you?
I mean, yes, it's the, it's the salt guy from burn.
They gave me about two weeks.
What's going on?
30 year old female.
She just gave birth.
Took some heroin for the pain.
How's the baby?
Maybe the baby's fine.
He didn't say anything.
So I know what he's thinking.
It's the job.
I did what I saw.
But you're right.
You ain't got what it takes for this life here.
We start doing this because you want to help people.
I don't want to go through the eyes of people.
Yes, sir.
I don't want to go through the eyes of people.
Let's go.
Let's get a life here.
Sometimes you just end up doing the complete opposite.
Tell the truth.
Do it.
Did paramedic Rukovsky potentially withhold treatment?
What am I doing?
I'm worried about you.
You need help.
I told him it was a mistake.
Get away from me.
Seriously, man.
Be careful.
We all work in the darkness.
I gotta let it inside you.
Damn.
Sometimes you come to be wild,
but you end up just being bad.
Then that's how life is.
Sometimes it's not fair.
You're like, fuck, I just,
I never meant to be bad.
I meant to be wild.
Then you do heroin while pregnant or something.
You know.
I mean, it could be good.
It looks sort of depressing,
but that's, uh,
that's movies sometimes.
And I guess life.
So in this case,
I would say less life, more movie.
Obviously, it's 100% movie, dude.
It's a movie, not life.
Well, life is meant to be sort of,
movies are meant to be sort of reflective of life.
But I'm saying this one feels more movie.
Dude, you don't know what you're talking about.
We gotta watch
speaking of fucking reflective of life.
Fucking art that speaks to me.
Let's watch the Borderlands trailer.
Honestly, Borderlands was one of the first games
to ask the question, like,
what if the world was straight fucked?
You know, like, and shit was crazy.
That's why I love Borderlands.
That's one of the first games to do that.
It pulls no punches, dude.
It's like, what if, um,
what if a dude with a bat was like,
fuck you and the bat had barbed wire on it?
That, and I remember playing that shit
and being like, dude, this is fucking my vibe.
I will say that Borderlands does very much seem
like your vibe trend, and it is.
Or Mad Max.
I ain't watched old shit like that, dude.
Mostly I watch Borderlands.
Watch Borderlands?
I sometimes I'll go to sleep
just watching Borderlands playthroughs for the story.
You love the story of Borderlands?
Yeah, I'm a huge fan of the plot of Borderlands,
which is what this is focused on.
Finally, a story for me.
The story of Borderlands, that is.
Let's see how they're doing that.
Oh, shit.
No, don't play it.
Okay, here we go.
This isn't another fucking preview for a trail.
Okay, good.
It's the thing.
Would you look at that?
A ladder.
Unfortunately, my design doesn't facilitate this type of-
Destiny awaits.
Legend has it that there's this massive treasure
hidden in some secret vault.
You already hate it?
No, give it a chance.
When you go hunting for it,
you'd better take any help you can get.
It's got that beautiful Netflix look to it
that I love.
It's the weirdest, most dangerous,
dumpster fire of the world in the universe.
God, I hate this planet.
What is that smell?
Piss, wash, gullet.
Ew!
Put the window up.
I don't want him.
Roll the window!
Roll the window!
Did she just get pissed on?
Because I think that's funny.
Why do you say it's called Piss, Wash?
How did I get the name?
It's in my mouth!
Yes, she did.
Do you know how many people have died
looking for this vault?
We have something they don't, baby girl.
Okay.
What?
Major issues.
With your body parts.
Uh-oh, violence time.
What did I tell you?
Minimal explosions.
No one- I said no explosions.
Mine's bigger.
Put on the door.
I need a gun.
So you ask for it.
You're selling one of you in the world.
But you're special.
Uh-oh.
Kill them all.
Oh, shit.
Dude, that's the stuff I wish was in Dune.
What's happening right now?
I'm expelling the excess lead.
I can't go if you're looking at me.
Actually, scrap that.
I can.
I really can.
Actually, it's helping.
I'm really ready for this to finish.
Keep looking at me!
Huh, coming soon to a theater near me?
I'm assuming that's a movie?
It's nice that we can't tell anymore when something's
a green screen Netflix series versus a heavily green screen movie.
I like the look.
To me, it looks almost as good as the new Avatar show.
Yep, they both got that look.
Yeah, dude, I watched the new Avatar show.
To me, it was a relief because one of the things I liked
about the original Avatar was that it was a cartoon.
And the new Avatar also looks like a cartoon a lot of the time.
So, like, to me, they adapted it perfectly.
And in a way, graphics is cartoons.
And this kind of looks like a cartoon.
So, to me, that's cool.
You like that?
It looks like everybody's sort of in a pop-up coloring book.
Sort of looks like a literal pop-up book.
Everybody's totally separated awkwardly from the background.
You like that?
Yeah, dude, it's got that, like, fucking Mandalorian.
I got a big screen behind me for every shot thing,
which I like because I like to, like,
I like to know that the actors didn't have to, like,
walk around on uneven surfaces.
To me, I like all characters to exist on a perfectly horizontal plane,
you know, so that I know that everybody's safe.
But I guess you don't care about actors' safety.
I don't think, I mean, I do.
So you're saying you like this, too.
You know, it could be fine.
I don't know.
You can't really tell from previews,
especially comedy previews.
It's very difficult to discern if something's going to be decent or not.
It just depends on the whole thing.
The tone fits together in the end.
It's got a look that I kind of despise,
because it just looks so oversaturated.
And again, like, everybody's a fucking clipart.
But, you know, the things I like, you liked one piece
and that had moments of looking weird as shit.
That's true. Sometimes that show looked weird as fuck,
but I did like it.
Anyway, I think Borderlands looks fine.
And I think that's nice.
Yeah.
A Borderlands movie would have been awesome a decade ago.
Damn, that's true.
I would have liked that shit a decade ago.
But now I just have to like it now.
I have no choice.
So I just do, I think.
We've lost some of the best actors to uneven surfaces.
See, Skymer gets it.
And Skymer cares about actors' safety,
unlike some aging, old, getting older every day people I know.
I knew you were talking about me the whole time.
So, well, with respect.
Well, again, as long as you're with respect.
The first Suicide Squad movie trailer equals good movie bad.
I mean, like, the Suicide Squad movie
that came after the first Suicide Squad movie
called Suicide Squad.
Oh, not the film Suicide Squad, but the film Suicide Squad.
Yeah, the film, the Suicide Squad after the film Suicide Squad.
Yeah, I know what you're talking about.
I like that one.
And that one did kind of have this same look of like,
you know, which is sort of modern-y.
But that one did look more like a movie than this,
which, again, looks more like a cartoon.
But it's kind of based on a cartoon.
So I'll forgive it.
I don't know.
It is weird that Clap Trap is voiced by Jack Black to me,
because it's not a face actor.
You could have just had the same voice exactly,
instead of Jack Black doing a Clap Trap impression.
Which is just a crazy sentence to say.
Jack Black doing a Clap Trap impression.
I think it's fun to say.
Jack Black Clap Trap.
I'm not a huge fan of Jack Black Clap Trap.
See, and then you can't even say it because you're such a hater.
I can say Jack Black Clap Trap.
Well, I can say it faster than you, Jack Black Clap Trap.
Well, you f**k, you stumbled.
I did not stumble over Jack Black Clap Trap.
You're not even saying it, Jack Black Clap Trap.
You're just saying Black...
No, you just mumble.
I said Jack Black Clap Trap.
You're not saying it, right?
Jack Black Clap Trap.
You're saying Jack Black Clap Trap.
It's Jack Black Clap Trap.
Yeah, I'm saying Jack Black Clap Trap.
That's all the f**king time we have, Chris.
We can't keep doing this.
We gotta get out of here for the day.
Look, enjoy your Jack Black Clap Trap.
And enjoy your f**king...
Enjoy your f**king Tuesday.
It's f**king Tuesday.
Days are meaningless to me because I'm sort of progressed past like conventional,
caesarean calendars or whatever.
So, but anyway, I'll be here in the future.
And when I am, I guess you will.
You'll f**king know what it is.
I'm f**king trained.
I'm out of here.
Fires of Hell.
Okay.
It is...
We have to have one more thing.
Oh, you know what?
There was a music request yesterday on the dream stream.
And I do like to honor all requests.
So maybe tomorrow we'll do...
We'll kick it to the streets.
And we'll end things off with some ear poison for you.
We'll really challenge Chad's patience with some music.
We'll kick it to some music.
And also, we didn't cover...
Probably some story I definitely didn't talk about.
Wendy's surge pricing.
Oh, Sony fired a bunch of people, too.
Well, now I've covered that.
Sony fired a bunch of people.
Maybe we'll talk about Wendy's surge pricing?
Just because that's...
Maybe funny is the wrong word, but it's just such an odd...
Well, I guess it does make sense in a way of making tons of money,
but it is not something I would have expected to read.
Wendy's surge pricing.
Okay, let's send it over to DJ Newzik.
He'll play us out for the day.
And I think I'll be back, honestly, pretty quickly after I get off to play a game with Fiona.
So anyway, send it to DJ Newzik.
And I case Blackwell, the different person.
We'll be back later.
It's DJ Newzik time.
Oh, yeah.
We're doing it.
We're Newziking.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to the roof.
The roof where we Newzik.
Let me bust...
Let me bust out my lasers.
They gotta get my lasers ready to go.
I get so sad when I don't have lasers.
Gotta have my lasers on.
Don't pee, I won't.
I'll never pee up here.
It's not safe to piss up here.
I'ma do...
Oh, what the hell?
Let's fucking go.
Okay, let's see what's going on in the news today.
Newziking the news.
Wendy's trying out surge pricing.
All right.
Well, I got the urge to learn about this surge.
Let's see what's going on.
Listen, some people are afraid to spend a little more money.
To me, money is just an expression of love.
And if I love something enough, I'll spend money on it.
I love that.
Hey, knows what we love.
And that's that we love to see us sub for 13 months.
Thank you for bringing that love back to me out here on the roof.
Yeah.
We're getting all the sub love.
Thank you so much.
Let's see what says Wendy's.
Wendy's doesn't have any music associated with it.
Otherwise I'd play us a Wendy specific track.
But instead, um, I don't know.
Let's just let's just settle in.
Let's get a little sexy with this Wendy's story.
Yeah.
Let's check out Wendy's.
Oh, yeah, girl.
Let's look at a Wendy's girl.
Yeah, maybe we'll bust out a trap beat later.
To wrap up a Wendy's search.
Prancing.
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
Look at the red headed girl up top.
The girl don't stop chugging down those burgers.
Yeah.
Taste that never fan.
Look and fly, baby.
Rock and poll tied pigtails.
Here we go.
The taste is good.
Yeah.
The taste is so enticing.
That a Wendy's is trying out a little bit at a search pricing.
Oh, yeah.
They made a corporate decision.
And I know that way.
I love the taste of that fresh.
I got it all is on who announced during Wednesday's Q4 2023 earnings call.
Yeah.
No, that surgeon, baby.
But that's not all dynamic pricing.
In your ear.
Then you hear that it's coming.
Yeah, that shit's coming next year.
Here we go.
Baconator at these prices.
I should fucking date her.
A midday treat.
The price of feet picks.
You may find yourself paying more than you wanted at a lunch time.
A rush popping that price from $2.99 to a price that would make you blush.
Coming in hot.
Yeah.
It's a boy, Kirk Tanner.
He said you like a cheap burger.
Well, I'm gonna slam her with the heart of price.
Price that's twice as nice.
A price for every piece of burger spice.
That's a price that's right.
That's a price that makes me want to fight for your love.
Yeah, the surgeon.
We surgeon prices, prices, prices, surgeon.
You got a burger.
The burger is urgent.
You for a little bit of hot price, surgeon.
Call a fucking surgeon to make an incision about this decision.
Yeah, we live it.
We live it for that price, surgeon decision.
All right.
I don't know.
I don't know if that's, is that reasonable?
Is it reasonable to us to surge your price when the product's in demand?
If the product's in demand, isn't there just giving the people what they demand?
What they demand is a product that they're now happy to spend more money on?
I don't know.
I don't know if that's what you want.
But I know that I ain't gonna front.
I'm finding someone nice to comment on this.
How do you spend spelled hamburger?
God damn it.
I cannot find a hamburger.
They're trying to hamburger with the price that's out of this world.
Where's my hamburger?
I'm finding the hamburger.
Damn, hamburger.
I'm a real hard searcher.
Okay, let's find a fucking, let's find a fucking McDonald's beat.
Let's see what a hamburger thinks.
Are they stealing money out of your pockets or is this fair?
I don't pretend to know.
That's why I bring on experts like the hamburger to drop us with some knowledge.
So let's fucking find out.
No doubt.
Let's fucking find out.
Yeah, hamburger.
Let's get him out of here.
Let's get him out of here.
I'm stealing that sheen.
Ham, yeah, I go ham on him.
I see a burger.
Yeah, I want him.
I ain't paying.
Bitch, try to stop him.
You can't.
That's me.
Steal every burger so easily.
You think you can search a price on me?
Nah, I'll tell you what's the search.
My dick.
Ham, because I can.
Ham, better fucking than.
Everyone, best burger under the sun.
But I'm a fucking clap.
A couple burgers by the time I'm done looking fly in a hat.
But I didn't bring that.
I forgot my hat.
I forgot the fucking hat.
That's fine because I'm looking so fine.
Steal a fucking burger.
The price I always sublime.
The price is free when it comes to me.
I steal every fucking mother fucking burger that I see.
And yes, it's true.
The burgers for you.
The burgers that I steal.
I am fucking them two.
I grab two fucking buns and I clap them on my dick.
And I rub them up and down till the burger makes me sick.
Oh yeah, burger getting me so hot.
I fucking gave some fucking mustard.
And you know I don't stop extra mayo on the burger.
That's what I deliver.
I fucking finish that burger.
Yeah, I covered it quicker than any McDonald's employee you've ever seen.
But honestly, I didn't spend a single bit of green.
I just fucked it.
All right, I guess the hamburger fucks burgers.
That's, I guess that's not surprising.
Why does he want them so bad?
Nobody likes McDonald's burgers that much.
So I guess he fucks them.
And that's how that goes.
Okay, fine.
Well, Hamburglar may have fucked his way out.
But now we gonna rate somebody's son or have any doubt.
Let's check out Twitch and check the sitch.
It's time to rate somebody and get the fuck out of this bitch.
Okay.
That's the scene.
I know we gonna rate our boy and I'm talking Bruce Green.
And I'm seeing green right in my future.
I'm a surge right to Bruce because I ain't no loser.
So thank you all for watching this shit.
Case was talking about butts, but you all handled it.
And his stink he asked while it's right in the middle.
And I know that it stinks.
Just asked our new friend the wriggle.
So here we go.
That's the stream.
Let's find some fucking ass to clean.
Um, yes, we the best.
I'm gonna shout out tell this rain sends you straight on my chest.
All right.
Yes, yes, we shoot from the ship.
Thank you for watching this stream shape shift to ships.
And we go.
Yes.
Yes.
We always given a male.
So I'm shouting at that number.
One shot.
I'm mad.
La del.
Totally Tim.
That's coming with an L O L.
He smells good.
Unlike cases that smell.
Loud and sleazy coming in.
And he's the my god.
And Apple.
Devils.
Thank you.
God damn.
My favorite name to say junk dog gearless nomad.
But we out.
No doubt.
Because the rain is happening right now.
All right.
See y'all later.