I'm Papito. I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Six, five, four, three, two, one.
Hello everybody.
Just realized as usual I did something wrong.
There we go.
Hello, Skymer, Greg T.U.
Reverie Wolf.
Apple, dapple.
The chee- had cheese demons stuck in my head all weekend?
Oh shit, did I finish?
You know what? I haven't combined the files yet to make cheese demons.
Papito, I'm sorry about that. I haven't finished your track yet.
Get what the hell?
It flies around today.
Ooh, sorry about that.
What's going on there?
It's over here.
Anyway, fuck you.
Whoa.
I'm mad about- I don't actually care that much.
I want to be mad but I also just kind of don't care that much.
Sounds good though.
Let's have the last video. You can go to youtube.com.com.com.
No, although you can't- no, you can't do that either.
That's a different site for those different guys.
I'm not on there?
You're not on there. It's- it's-
Case Blackwell Streams.
And then you can watch my stuff. Or there's Twitch VODs.
Should I just do it again?
No. You did- you- I also realized I'd already done one for you.
You already had one.
Which I might have actually finished.
Unless I didn't.
Not doing it does also sound like me.
Oh wait, here you go, Pepita.
Yeah, you had a whole rap already.
Oh yeah.
I did do this.
I did do this.
Oh, give me this play too.
Yeah, you can have this too, Pepita.
Sometimes I make it sometimes I make you all listen to a thing and then I forget that it happened
But you have that just so you know
Exists Wow it exists
Anyway, good to see everybody again. I love the hate uncle Phil 2k live in sleazy bundle sprout
Reverie wolf our Mac 92
Apple DApple live and sleazy. Thanks you. Thanks for pointing me to that thread that I as
usual
misplaced and forgot existed, but it's actually full of good information. So thank you guys for putting that in there
Card King
Thank you
Pita will you be my dog's Valentine? Yeah, there you have it. Yep. Send me the details
And then I'll show up and I do my payment. I'm mostly needed
People are calling it food
Pita stop trying to buy
Sell your Valentine. I this is the valuable valuable stuff. I'm not giving it away for free in the words of blob
Blavoni boy, I got a valuable thing here, and I'm not trying to give it away for free what?
One of the dogs I hang out with his blob of honey boy
Let's not have more characters for now. Let's they guess just get into some news. You know, I got a job
I have no time this week. It's annoying. Yes, you do. I don't I do too many jobs
Uncle Phil. Thank you. We will go amongst the web right now. We'll do a little bit of news
I
Assuming Rick is joining us. Give me just a second here though
Rick
Where are you? What are you doing?
Sorry, I'm teleported in
You did it only one away from having to do a workout stream case that could be the end of this stream
Because any physical activity I'm assuming could kill you
That's me saying you're out of shape. I'm not that out of shape
Gonna fool me good
Good of good of fooled me. Oh your voice sounded kind of not as much over there
I gotta add a little bit of you in my throat
What oh I was meant that to be an insult
I was trying to guess kind of razz you but I guess having you in my throat would be shoot
You said it's a 24 not 25. Oh, you're right. Yeah, I already have to do it
You already have to do it card can push you over the edge. Well, that's not my fault that Rick can't count
Maybe that's a government thing you forget how to count so you can just move my numbers around
That's not a strategy case. The strategy is the numbers don't exist. Oh
Yeah, how come you haven't gotten laid off well work we can talk about it everybody's
Everybody's making a big deal
out of it
but
This is the democratic process at work. Sometimes that process involves
Unelected billionaires making big decisions because that's democracy
Which part of that's democracy the part that I will talk about right now
Case grow up
Grow up. That's so gross to use AI images
But he he loves a images at least Elon does
Yeah, but this is just so child so childish. What else we have? Okay, there we go
There they don't really look that much better, but
But that's we'll go with that
Trump to order us agencies to plan for large-style scalf staff cuts
Order will require agencies to work with Elon Musk doge
Dogu as I will keep calling it all segment. You really don't have to but I'd gonna because I think it's gonna help
Washington US President Donald Trump plans to order federal agencies to lay the groundwork for widespread
Fireings of government workers a White House official said Tuesday the order will also set forth rule spending
Requiring government agencies to hire no more than one employee for every four workers
No more than
Wait, okay, the order will set forth rules requiring government agencies to hire no more than one employee
Every four workers who leave the federal workforce. Okay there I got there
So every time four people quit they get one person to replace them. That's how inefficient
the government's been
Are you sure?
Consider who you work for. Yeah, but I work for the part that they can't touch
Because they're kind of just babies breaking things and I'm a couple layers below that I can barely hear all the smashing
Windows I'm so deep in the state. You know what I mean?
Whoo, you know, you know what I mean you can get fired just like the rest of them. No
Probably not the order
The move was the latest effort by Trump and top advisor Elon Musk to downsize and align the US government with Trump's policy priorities
Which are that's what we voted for. What did you what did you vote for? I don't bother with that
There's already been large-scale buyout offers attempts to strip civil services protections from federal workers and the effective shuddering of some agencies
Continues and there's a big add a large number of government workers belong to labor unions
Which means by any large-scale layoffs or reductions in force must be conducted in accord with their collective bargaining agreements
And as you know, that's can Trump their union guys
They got endorsed. I think by a couple unions
Confusingly, yeah
Uh
Can they actually do all this I mean they're
Defending it as we speak
What do you mean? Well, there's a video. There's a video of them saying look at them. Look at these two
That's buds. Aren't you getting those Obama Biden vibes videos of them eating ice cream together and remember how fun that was
No, that wasn't fun either
Well, anyway, this is the same thing but one of them is, you know, not elected
Tractors, mr. Musk, I have to what including a lot of Democrats. I have to track doors. You do sir. I don't believe it that
There's a reason he's he's not just the king of X. He's the king of comedy
Because his sarcasm. It just comes off
So likeably say that you're
Orchestrating a hostile takeover of government and doing it in a non-transparent
He did have to this is the troll you have to pay to enter the White House
So that means Elon Musk answered this the three riddles and they're not easy riddles
So that alone really qualifies him to be standing next to the presidential desk because the White House troll his riddles are
Challenging name. What's one of his riddles? What's black and white and red all over
And the answer won't you won't like the answer because it's from 1832
Okay, I'm not even gonna
Let's just keep watching
What's your response to that criticism? Well first of all
You couldn't ask for a stronger mandate from from the public the people voted for major government reform
There should be no doubt about that that was on the campaign
The president spoke about that at every rally the people voted for for major government reform
And that's what people are gonna get they're gonna get what they voted for
Mm-hmm
Mr. Musk the White House says that you will identify and excuse yourself from any conflicts of interest
Does that mean that you are in effect policing yourself?
What are the checks and charges that are in place to ensure that there is accountability and transparency?
Well, we actually are trying to be as transparent as possible. In fact our actions we post our actions
to the doge handle
On x and to the doge website
So all of our actions we are maximally transparent. In fact, I don't think there's been
I don't know of a case that we're at organizations being more transparent than the doge organizations
And and and I fully expect to be scrutinized and get you know a daily proctology exam basically
My sword is camp out there
So it's not like I think I can get away with something. I'll be scrutinized
And if we thought that we would not let him do that
segment or look in that area if we thought there was a
lack of transparency or a
There and it's a press we watch that also
He said hey, come here. One of your policies part of your agenda. Will you abide by that ruling?
Will you come by that? Well, I always abide by the courts and then I'll have to appeal it
But then what these don't damn look at
Look at this skin color guys. It's not just my stream. I have two different screens. It's the same skin color on both
I know that I should be used to it by now, but I can't get used to it. It's so crazy. It does change too
Oh, man, it is rough. This is rough slow down the momentum
It's boggling it's a full boggling color time to cover up the books. It's very close to the answer is
I always abide by the courts. Oh, this is a little more saturated. That's because of my camera
Your detractors mr. Mosque after what including god he he is such a fucking dork
That it almost feels like bullying and then you remember that he's the richest guy
He's the richest one. Yeah, he's the richest guy
But he's such a fucking like it just oozes out of him this like pathetic social awkwardness
But he's also I guess the most powerful guy in the in the country somehow
Yeah, yeah, you know, you don't really have to be good at anything case surprising you haven't been more successful
Okay, maybe he doesn't have a regular makeup he uses I don't know. I mean, I'm assuming it's a spray tan
It's just how does it fluctuate so wildly?
You don't have to be smart to be a billionaire. I I don't I mean, yes, I think you mostly have to be vicious and lucky
Some people find hairy balls extremely funny. Well, that just made you laugh case. So maybe you're Elon most target audience
Well, look how he spelled it though. It's a pretty good spelling
Or maybe his hair is turning so white. It's throwing the contrast off. Yeah, it's like an old tv
I don't use enough pumpkin spice concealer
Yeah, do you use any makeup because it really looks like
You don't you know, I was gonna say that. Yes, I didn't know that
I mean his hair is he's old. I'll give him a pass for having weird fucking hair
At least he's letting it be kind of white now
Or it's just so blonde. It's white. I guess being generous. He's letting his hair be white
Seemingly it looks very white at least
He's allowed to be old, but I don't know. He's allowed to be that orange
And that see
The
Uh, what do we we used to call him the police that inform social norms?
I forgot the word because it just doesn't exist anymore
It's not a thing that we care about at all
The social norms police
I don't know ricky. That's technically probably you who's doing that. Is that your job?
No, my job is to
spread information
The mrs told me I should spread information now. I'm making elan must jokes
Um
I don't know. I mean they they just seem to kind of be
Waiting their way through
Mass layoffs of various government government agencies. They also
Um
This is another fun thing they said they're gonna do a i government chatbot
Uh
Yeah, here we go. Here you go rick. This is another story for you. Oh my gosh computer
What's happening to my computer?
Okay, here we go
What am I supposed to be looking at?
Uh elan must doge. It's too much textual whatever elan must doge may be developing a new ai chatbot for the u.s
government
See this is this is now. This is how you lay people off without losing one ounce of efficiency. Oh
Oh, yeah technology stop doing my voice elan must department of government efficiency is reportedly developing a custom ai chatbot for the
US government named g sci
gsia
gsa
Oh gsa ai wait gsa ai gsa
Which is it rick? You're the one looking at the story. It seems to say both anyways gsa ai
Oh, but they're gonna use it to lay off a ton of people from the general service administration, but
Uh, thank you so much for the 27 months. You're allowed to stay
I don't know street marine worked for the government. Well now they're allowed to stay case. I'm giving them the pass
Congratulations, I don't think you have any power rick or you wouldn't be on this station
You don't know that
You ever wonder if elan pushed for grok because he couldn't understand context clues and needed someone to explain tweets to him
I don't even know it's good for explaining tweets. No, it'll rephrase a tweet at you
I thought elan was trying to buy chat gbt. That's also happening. Well, he also wanted that to happen
but before that
Earlier this week. Oh my god. This is old news already. Yeah, all the news is old all the time
um
He said he's gonna lay off half of the general service administration or at least cut the budget by 50 percent
It's part of the president donald trump's ai first agenda
Don't you love that ai first agenda case say that into a mere three times fast too late
It's already been summoned into this reality
And we're doing it
Uh ai first agenda to modernize the u.s. government's operations with the latest technology a wired report cited two sources claiming that the gsa ai
aims to boost productivity for over 12 000 employees managing office spaces
contracts and i t services you always say there's no use for ai case well, it's about to
Efficient ties
12 000 federal employees
News are technically always old. I agree tasty take that rick. I will take it and suck on it
I'm losing the thread today of trying to save zingers. I think you just
Seem to want to suck something
Not america first ai first
Oh, whoops. Yeah, I guess he did kind of say america. He wasn't supposed to be america first
Uh, that was I think that was the thought well, it still is because ai's technology that everyone loves and is using
Productively
You know someone has tried to use ai productively. I do struggle to find
A way to do that
Good at making it's good at turning things into lists. Yeah, and it's great at itemizing your lists of people to fire
The efficiencies are already stacking up
Anyway, the project which was remain which has remained largely under the radar aligns with trump's vision of this
Times of indias
Times of india the times of india is on board for
The gsa ai takeover
A mered official intelligence
ameritocracy intelligence
Instead of ai let's make werewolves. Well the ai if it gets smart enough can make us werewolves
Oh, shoot. I didn't fix that don't use the ufo thing. It's still off
Now the dino just triggers both
Well, that's fun. Anyway, what wait, what are you talking about nothing? Sorry
stream things
Jesus, okay. Well
look
Why even have the pictures if this is what you're gonna pull
All the pictures related to the story are just them sitting behind a desk
Well, look, they're trying their best. They're not
Are they kiss is that a real photo? No, obviously, that's ai. Well, I can't even tell that's so good
It's getting it's so good that it can run our government and make these two fall in love
It's done both and we just have to put our faith in the hands of god, which we're making
It's sort of a god that regurgitates ourselves endlessly into a void turns out. That's what god is and it's
It's a little more embarrassing than we all thought but we still have to worship it so we will
So keep worshiping at the altar of progress because it doesn't stop unless you're fired
Which about half of you probably will be soon, but don't worry
We'll we'll figure out that soylent thing or something and it'll all be fine
And until then just don't think too much about it. Bye. Bye
Listen to camera again
I'm really big right now because I close to the camera
That's the visual watch that's happening. Do a look at face. I didn't ask
I did
I'm doing this today. It's been requested
Kind of losing some coherency on the side there. Don't mess with it. Those are my flies
They're my friends. I bring them with me wherever I go. The fireflies. Oh, okay
Well, you ready to watch uh, you've been keeping up with tiktok. If you know you ready to watch some internet videos
That's what everybody calls them
Internet videos all the kids are calling them that yeah
All the kids love to post these internet videos
Amongst the web thread. That's what the kids like. Hey wiley
Okay, let's say we have some in here looks like we're loaded up
Let's see what we get today. You can rate each video we watch from zero to five ten by
Timing estimation point followed by the number you like once the little graph is up
And that before the graph appears. Thank you intern. It's not a graph. It's it's like a ratings bar. Yeah, it's a graph
I also only got one graph item on it. That's still a graph. I'm a dog case and I already know this
This is channel one on one. It's four minutes long. We might jump around it. We'll see we also may not be able to watch it
If it's two, this is got like a big old butt in it
You're the producer you would know
I like the video quality
You drew the foul
My friend my friend my friend you think picked in the nuts
The live studio audience that's rough
Oh, is this person gonna get got
That'll make america great hat again back in 2012
I don't know what's gonna happen. It's 10
I didn't say coming
Oh my gosh, johnny karsten loves it. You know, I probably could watch all four minutes of this
Isn't it the family guy bit? Yeah, this came out during family guys. This is part of my guys
Yeah, I'm gonna give family guy credit so they had this idea for my friend the punch people kicks you in the camera
Hey, hey, you've been kicked in the nuts. You've been kicked in the nuts
Okay, for more of that go to youtube and type in channel one whole one kicked in the nuts
What you're gonna watch all four minutes
Damn
What yeah, something better to do. I mean no
But I do feel like we kind of get it. I didn't I don't even know what's going on
People are split on this one
They love the wig
That's what you're reading from the ratings. Yeah, the ratings are telling you that they love the wig
But they didn't like the jumpsuit
And that's a fashion choice
A 10 for karsten. Karsten was into it. Karsten looked like he was giving it a 10. He was live in the studio audience
The wig played. Oh, they did like the wig, but you know, so you're right. Oh man
I used to be so good at reading these ratings
Well, anyway, came in at the middle
This shouldn't should that make such a triumphant noise. Hey, five is the middle
We should all aspire to be at least average
and celebrate that
This is let's do a little audio palette cleanser
I'm involved you
Wait, is that cross? I guess it's not cross cut. Is that happening at a church?
What?
This bird is loving the music
Your jazz dog. Yeah, I do a little bit. Yes. Skibadoop
Skibadoop on the side skibadies skibadoop case
Skibadies playing out. Susser babies
Nobody likes nobody likes it anymore. Shit somebody, but I tell michael bay. I think he's about to drop
Or I did drop a bunch of money on it. Anyway, I just skib them up. Sure. You already changed the name
You'll do it over this song for this song up
You're a musical dog. It's true. All right
Uh-oh, what's this
Is this feature sex?
I can't show this
There's no way I can show this
He's got a full ass butt in it
What is happening though? I'm so intrigued
My name is leesy. How could you do this to me? Oh, you can watch the first minute. It's a little sexual
But then I think I have to stop after a minute because it looks like
Some parts that this lady's some of the closest ladies are wearing eventually come off
You're gonna cut it before that
Wait after that? Yeah, I gotta cut it after that. I don't think there's full penetration. Anyway, we'll give this a minute
You gotta wake up. I realize I think a vagina might slip in there
He thinks capito did cut away just in time
I do think I might have to pull his audio
It's time to vote on the quality of music we make capito. I don't make music. I make memories
I don't think okay, I'll still save everyone
I think live is leaves that one was just maybe for me. I would have given it a 10
I would have just I don't know how numbers work. So I don't know
Also music sounds insane to me. You know human son of us. I think you've told me before you guys sound like this
Because I hear high noises
So
Damn, I'm sorry. Yeah, it's scary honestly
That's not a whole song sounding to me. So it's pretty par for the course
Okay, this one looks this one looks like it might make people sad. So we'll skip that one
He's a master trainer of what?
Is this gonna be one of those days where everybody where they all are trying to get a zero
Is that what you signed me up for case?
My coming on a zero day. Is that what you're trying to do to me? I would never do that to you, papito
You're like the one host I like
That's just how the that's just how it breaks sometimes
Hmm, okay
Let's see
Okay, this guy's training. He's training us. Oh my god. How did you
What's going on the same treatment I received in north korea break my dinner
It's 10 o'clock in the morning
Will he be okay the humans well-being is no concern of ours, elinor
Why I want to stick I don't have
A chinchallon fire how delightful the ironic. I don't know. It's a little child. Just just sticking a dog in your content
For the easy appeal of a dog. It's a little lazy to me
Really?
Yeah
Oh, I'm a dog. Oh, yeah, but I'm different. Yeah, we're a dog. Yeah, but I'm different
I'm about different more than a dog. I'm a hole. What that eats
I'm more than a dog. I'm a hole that consumes
That's not a mighty thing else. I'm a dog
Yeah
The dog and monkey show
Yeah, all right my humor is way too high bra for this
A corgi talking
Will always work for me
As soon as the corgi started talking I was
Spanning the 10 button, but it's not about my votes
Hope you know it's about chat's votes
Show the nut video
I can't keep showing the nut video also which one
Uh, okay. Whoa, what's this?
Uh-oh
Well, this one's short, but I don't think people are gonna like it
That's my guess quit influencing people. I'm not I'm just
Boring people, but it is only 30 seconds. She would never been more wrong
I don't know. I could just see it going on. It went a more wholesome way than I thought
So I was I'll admit when I'm wrong. I'm just trained to expect the worst. What can I say? Okay
You gotta take
Mm-hmm
It was from
Nancy Pelosi. Oh, hi. You're still talking to her. She's been hitting me up
A lot I gotta say. Yeah, I guess she likes me
What the heck there might be a little bit of a furry thing going on today
I'm sensing a theme
All right, you know this one's short too. Let's give it a shot. This one looks like it's coming into seven
Okay, you better than some of them
It's a very true casino. I didn't sell them lose. I is what I say
Always
I don't know. I always say it then. I didn't cut it early. That's the whole thing
Hmm. Yeah, that was that one
I love it after one of these when the rating just dutifully comes up. Anyway
Yeah, it's gotta it's gotta come up. There's no choice. That was a video
You you know, it was a video
That's I can't deny that that was a video. Okay. Let me just check in this make sure it's not okay
That looks safer work so we can watch that
Whoa
Really chanting who are these people? Who are all you people? Where'd they come from?
All right, sometimes they just do that. I don't know why
Exclamation point question mark
I got it. I should include some hidden hidden ratings like exclamation point question mark that should have an effect
There's a metallic a wolf at all of us
Because you're like ai is useless. Well
Are you ready to make your wrong about that too?
I never said it was useless. I just don't know if it's
It's particularly useful
But I'll admit that that yeah, you can definitely use it possibly for that or that was a hardworking animator that you've just
Slided either way you're being a jerk. Let's watch these two ladies make plants
Silence. You gotta run it back. Hey, Liz. Can you turn on the oven?
What are you doing?
What you said to turn on the oven? I don't get it. Well, you're not you don't have to get it, papito
I don't get it
It's better if you don't get it. I know that those two have sex for a living, but I don't get it
Wait, how do you know that but you don't get it? I don't know
I also don't know what sex is
A dude wrote that
but wasn't that
Wasn't that Riley Reed's tiktok?
I'd assume it did say read your mind in the corner
They have sex with their ovens for a living. I get that that's because you get food out of there sometimes
So obviously you want to spend time with it
Is just a little dog with paws. Yes, mostly me
That was about my hands, so
My hands really low
So that's a bad sign
Riley got out of porn
I can't tell if that's recent or not. I don't know. How do you know who Riley Reed is papito?
Sometimes she throws a trash out of a window that I eat
I wouldn't do that
Why not?
How do you know it's her window? I've got a sense for things
All right, let's just not worry about it. They try
Okay, the the Super Bowl the halftime show it happened
Kendrick was there you might have heard that looks like this is from that. I'm gonna hope
We'll give it a shot
They tried to rig the game, but you can't fake influence
Hey, I'm tripping I'm sliding I'm riding through the back like
Mustard on a beat bro beat both in rep on piafrito man down color emberlams
Tell em breathe now them boys to the cross they walk around like teams. What's up with these draconio?
Trying to see Compton in the streak and hate me pump them all in a mama. How many options really got I mean
There's too many options been a crash on his body. I'm John Stockton
It's a part where he calls Drake a petafile
Pretty much the whole 12 minutes is really on it's about
Certified boogie man. I'm the one that up the skull walking down a whole time. I know he got some hole
Oh
I hate you like I'm drunk
I mean, this is the screencap everyone's
Everyone's loving so much the full extension the smile
You get it
So much censoring yeah every other word has to be kind of like uh
But some people were like it was boring the halftime show
I think it was only boring because we were waiting for Drake to call him a pedophile and then once he did we're like well
Now he's called him a pedophile
Maybe he'll call him a pedophile again, and then he like well, I guess he's probably only do it the one time
It was the subtleties of calling him a pedophile that made it so politically important case
That's true. He is one of the most politically relevant artists of our time
Um
So I'm glad that he used his his platform to continue calling jager pedophiles
That sounds like a joke, but I honestly do support it
Yeah, it's pretty brutal everyone can agree. It's pretty brutal for drake
Who for what I've heard is just overseas
I think you just gotta go overseas like you gotta say that
Uh, I saw the super rule for like two minutes near the middle when I walked out from the back of the kitchen at my work
To the front to check if any tables needed busing and two people were in the restaurant. So it was fine
You weren't running any Super Bowl specials
I saw you enticing the customers
Okay, let's do two more
Let's do two more
You also have to learn how to
I left learn how to do things. Yeah, you gotta learn how to do things because it's like when a dog makes friends with a
With a crow
But then it's revealed that both the dog and the crow were both crows. That was beautiful
Was it? That was beautiful
I hope kai sanat doesn't show up and murder both of them
He might just run it from off-rame and hit him with the drop kick. You never know
That would be funny though. What would it be funny though?
That would be funny though
He does like kicking bots battle bots. Maybe kai sanat is trying to bring back battle bots
But it's human versus bot and the bots aren't very strong or good at walking
Sort of like bully bots. Ooh, that's a good idea. Papito
bully bots
It's the modern version of battle bots where humans just kind of torture robots
Especially people start losing their jobs to robots more and more. They uh, they really might appreciate that content
I'm a part of strong content ideas
It's back to have a stadium in vegas
Yeah, but now we've moved on to bully bots
But I want to watch battle bots. No, papito. We're going with your your second idea second idea best idea
Let's see what these dogs are up to
Um, run that shit back
Run that shit back
The villain
Get the fuck out
Yes
Boom
That was the best video you've ever played
That's how you do it
Whoever whatever human makes things appear on screen
Do more of that
I'm amazed someone found it in their heart to not give that a 10. That's a 10,000
Your band
For giving it not a 10,000
You gotta let the people speak
What was not to like? Well
some of the effects
Weren't that strong the effects were perfect. That's the nine points. That's still the best video today. Everybody knows that that was the best one
I know I'm not arguing with you. It was the best one
But it also was a 9.7
Whoa, what the hell
And we'll come back to that one
Best croissant in Paris
Okay
We'll end with this old commercial. I'm not sure
I think it might be a commercial. Let's find out
Anybody beat aces
Oh god, you always win
This isn't a commercial
It's june. She's my lucky charm
It's june's granddaughter who picked out these tickets for me. What a sweet girl. Oh boy
Well, one of these days when I win, I'm gonna take you to new york like you're always talking about
I'm not always talking about it and I'm from queens
Is this a soprano?
Oh honey, you're like a dog with a bone. It's the same thing
Why would I want to go with you anyway? Well because of the rate you're going you're gonna go
This is the first season of the sopranos
No for pino
I'm proud of you, the hips again, huh?
What did the doctor say this morning?
Do you know how many times I've slipped on the ice in my life?
Or fallen off a horse or off the roof or out of the trees and I never broke anything. Yeah
I break my hip sitting in this damn chair
I don't know what to say about that. I don't know. I feel like I experienced something
Me too, but what it's not for us to know case
Sometimes you just have to experience life
And let it wash over you
Not everything can be controlled
Sometimes the cold no
Is just a cold no
What's your dog if you're a dog if you're a dog then that's a bad sign. I mean I'm sick
It felt very true to life
Those people were old
And they were 389 years old was the guess of chat
The combined age of everyone in that video
389
Yeah, no that's impossible. Nope. That's what it was
And that's all the time we have we ended with a good one the dog one was the one we ended with I decided
2,667
You guys want to hear about my std from the silent film era? Yes
Well for another time. Okay. Well, I'll come back to hear about that until then we're done for now. We're leaving
I gotta go press more buttons. I just want to wipe press chase. I don't even know let's see if I do it right
Whoa, what the hell
We're trying to make me sound like a fool case. I would never do that. Jeff. I'm jeff ripple god damn it
I am the whole news
I'm the whole news
What are we talking about today? It's good to see everybody
Um
Looks like we have some huge t-shirt news. That's exciting
I'm a big shirt guy myself where I'm damn near every day
Uh, you might this might not really be the main thrust of what's going on here. Well, let's find out
Um
Kanye West easy website goes down after selling swastika t-shirt
Oh
It's this
Yeah, he did the super they I don't even want to show it. He if you if you went to his website in the last couple days after he had a
Superbowl commercial
He had a swastika website. It's all been very
Pathetic and attention-seeking. I think is how I would best describe it
Speaking of, you know grandma's boy wasn't that good, but I'd probably watch it again if it was on tv
I would say watch grandma's boy. If you have the urge to think about Kanye West
Let's just watch grandma's boy instead
Well, okay, if you want the cliff notes is like I'll try anti-semitism again
Supposed to various nazi things. Is anything like fat girls
Then he's like jk. This was a social experiment
And also he had a superbowl commercial airing in select areas that promoted you to go to a website that sold a swastika t-shirt
But it's all very it's a commentary. I did not it's just he just you know, yeah
all right, well, um
Let's just find a story of equal importance and we'll we'll just switch to that one
Um
Oh, here we go
Here we go
My farts make me 20 000 a year
Now we're talking case comparatively. This feels like real news to me and look at this guy
I mean you can see why he's earning that much off of them
Okay, squatting over the camera and nothing but a jock strapped. I felt a rumbling bubbling up inside of me
This is first person perspective of him in his process
I'd been eating chicken and green veg to deliberately bloat myself so that my stomach would have this exact reaction
Not being able to contain it for much longer. I released a guess what a big a big fart
You guessed it a big fart and let out a moan before loudly telling the camera wish you were here to smell this
Damn
Then this isn't Kanye news this this guy's
Kanye's seeking attention. This guy's doing it right. He's still bringing the art to it
Kanye's become kind of an artless and pathetic attention seeker
This man is solidifying his niche and doing it at an incredibly high level
That is what I like to see find your niche and do it at a high level
Or you know control the levels a low baritone one a high squeaky one. Mm-hmm
It seems like Kanye level news exactly
I specialize in making fart videos. In fact, this is our first person. I guess he wrote this himself
Well, good for him. In fact, I make around $3,000 a month from them alone. Hmm
To be fair that is more than you should probably make off farting, but
I don't know if that's enough fart to live off
What the hell?
Sorry the other video that popped up was a lion
Killing something anyway, it's been a long journey to get here. He says he started out as a carpenter
working pretty typical hours, but he was working at magic man a popular strip club on weekends
Uh, there are topless. There was a topless waiter
Oh, he was a topless waiter there when he was 21
It became a part-time job within 12 months
He was stripping and naturally over time he got more popular
And then he started in only fans since then he'd already had a bit of a name from stripping people started to look into it
um
Okay, he gave it a shot. When did he decide to start ripping ass?
Was it as he posted this photo?
That is a body type for sure the body type is
It's one of those arms way smaller. I think it's the camera the body type is swollen for sure
Swole swollen. I think we can go with swollen more than swole
Well, you know guys swelling up. So I just want to do that
It's like they took a bigger stronger action figures upper body and set it on a smaller action figures abdomen
Same queef same queef
That can you need to make a button for when someone does the best thing?
This is the best we have right now, but he'll a killer. I mean come on
Same queef is very strong. That's some strong motion right there
Anyway, soon enough he was making enough to leave his carpentry job. Um,
When did he start fucking farting?
My okay, here we go. My family wasn't thrilled
But they this can I stop if I have to read this in the first person case
It sounds like I did all of this. What are you ashamed? I just I don't want to take credit
I'm just gonna convert it into
third person
Yeah, don't you second person then it sounds like you're accusing me
May need to check in on my broker
And see what my ROI might be. Yeah, be sure to do that eldrick
Um, anyway, it's not like he'd uh, he was talking to his family about it
They weren't thrilled but he was happy with what he was doing and that was all that mattered to our friend here
But then his first varnio first first fart video request came about two years into making content
He remembers one fan in particular was very interested and asked a lot of times
But he didn't want to do it
But that's how it goes case
You just get worn down by the requests and eventually you're mumbling into a microphone late at night
You're a beautiful grandmother with strong knees and you don't even know why
I guess that's your journey. Everybody's got a journey case
But after a year and more people continuing to ask for it
He decided to give in and he made a pay-per-view video for anyone specifically interested in farts
How big is fart porn and why do we want to see this guy do it? Well, I'll give you one big reason
Do you see?
Do you see?
You see two pretty big reasons why people want to see those fart videos and the third one is hidden
He just filmed it in his bedroom providing a couple different angles. He was blown away
And then I would and the case doesn't want to show you the articles and more but it does say no pun intended
Just so you know
By the demand for the farts
This is how it usually works. Here's an insight into his process
If it's a custom video the requests themselves don't get too wild
Mostly it's about switching up what I'm wearing
Maybe a different outfit or specific type of underwear one option seen here or
Adjusting the visual aspect of the video in terms of angles and I know you're asking
I mean we were all wondering what angles he's choosing in terms of that
People have specific things they want to see like close-ups
You know I can guess versus full view, you know
I guess the wide the wider the close guess what the close-ups on I can guess
Or maybe just staying fully clothed the whole time keep a little air of mystery
What kind of farts is this ass rocking under that trench coat a question others might ask
Some people don't want me to spread my cheeks while others are
You guessed it the opposite
Someone to see my facial expressions other like that mystery to come back
Who is this large man with the swollen buttocks farting from a distance?
Sounds like you know about this
Uh, he is like day. He really does look like he is
Man, what the hell? Everybody's got a thing
That's true. Don't judge it. I mean who said I was Jeff
Who looked like you're judging me a little bit you're judging a little bit there big guy
Are you if you're into this stuff you can say so now this isn't my thing
I'm just a respecter of things
At the start of the video of any video shoot. I'll set up the camera make sure the lighting's good and get into whatever
I'm gonna wear that day could be shorts
could be pants
underwear
Even a jockstrap
Who are you trying to seduce right now the audience then look at them at least well, but you're in the room with me
Uh, I I like to kick things off of the little intro where I tell viewers what to expect especially for custom requests. Okay
It just sets the tone. Here's an example. He might say something like
Welcome to your custom fart video. Not a lot of people would think to do that. That's why he's offering us these insights
I don't know if I would think to say welcome to your custom fart video, but he would go on
Welcome to your custom fart video. I'm wearing your favorite jockstrap that you wanted me in and I'm ready to fart for you
I'm full and bloated and I know there's gonna be some big fart. So get ready
Let's get into it. It's important that I do this show at least three times a week or you guys wouldn't get this stuff
You'd never know
Just a reminder this he's not all but cheek. There's a man up there
Set the tone before setting the tone
During the shoot. There's a routine. I start bloated
Kind of part of the process and go through the video until I feel lighter by the end
It's almost like clockwork now a big meal is needed to be bloated and gassy and after it comes naturally
Why is this are we is he is this a custom fart video? Did you request this?
Jeff, is this a custom story you had written for you? No
The people want to know this is coming courtesy of metro dot co dot uk
What would I pay him to write a video and then get it published in an obscure uk
website news periodical
No
Oh
Is this a how-to sort of
Well, look it's it's everybody's taking jobs, but so far ais can't fart as well as this guy. So
We're none no one's above this what people want me to say is where things can get
What people want me to say is where things can get interesting
Oh, the request that come in is where things can get interesting. Oh, that's where it gets interesting. Yes. That's not interesting yet
Sorry, everyone. We're getting there
Some want me to talk to them saying things like
Wish you were here to smell this or this one's for you. Here's looking at you kid, and it's not my eyes looking
It's my asshole
You could leave out the last part, but what if they request that
Then again, some people want to be the opposite complete silence. No talking just the sound the purists if you will
Over time I realized it sells so well. It's a regular monthly staple in my content
So 30 grand just off that and he's making other stuff. You got a skill stack in any industry guys. You got a skill stack
He's just skill stacking. That's a really good point. I never thought this would be such a huge part of my income
But here we are people really want to see it and hey, I'm happy to provide it. Oh, is he into it?
It'd be better if he was into it
For him
Yeah, for him
But for me
For people
It'd be better if
He was bashful about it
For people
I thought I'm by sniffing out right now or I'd be spamming it. I'm so sorry
Here's looking at poo kid
Jesus sorry, I switched photos right as case was saying that and
The visual was overwhelming
There any other pictures of this guy? I don't know Jeff. I don't know either. I'm asking
Okay, well
That's all that that's our news. Well, look, I mean we wanted to talk about
We're just trying to not
Give Kanye West too much attention because it's what he's what he craves
So that was your story of equal or comparable value to the Kanye West one
I honestly think it was substantially more valuable. Yeah, we apologies. We meant to find something
Worse
But this one ended up being kind of amazing
Can you dress like a lactose intolerant Santa Claus shimmy down the chimney eat the cookies and drink the milk and then just clutch your gut and regret it
and start moving
Trying to wake up my sleeping family
See this is the use of ai that we really need put it into a video
Generate there and see if it can make the whole story and if it can that could be the end of the entire entertainment industry
Or just get a person to do it
Well, I just don't have time. I don't have time
He's less innocent than Kanye. You don't know that shit will come out of his mouth
That's he's less incontinent incontinent than Kanye
Oh, I read that is innocent
Incontinent would also make sense
Well Kanye as far as I know hasn't released any fart videos. He really scooped a poop. Oh, we did release a fart video
Well, that's just the ripples through life
If you make one fart thing and it turns out everything's farts
Is that good enough out? No, just oh just start saying I'm Jeff Ripple. Goodbye. I mean that's more or less what I do
But with an emphasis on ripple, we'll see you soon. Bye. Bye
Okay
Just finishing up my exercises to really speak from my mask everyone. Yeah, that's right. I don't forget every video we watch
I try to practice all of them to slowly improve
He's been making these noises
For hours everyone just so you know
I'm not ashamed of that daddy
Just like you're probably not ashamed that you're dead and in the wood. Well, why would I be I don't oh shoot? I am
I am ashamed. Why it's not your choice
Who knows whose choice it is that you're in there and can never get out
Hey, jeb's dad. How has his throat singing practice been going? Um, you tell me
Talk about an a minor
That was not in a register that sounded musical jeb
Well, it's practice. I'm warming up to it
It did sound like nascar
it's
I was going for hallelujah. Hallelujah, but the first note
Well, you didn't get it. Well, that's why it's practice daddy. Let's watch some how-to's. Let's learn how to do new thing
Because you got to build your skill stack. They were just talking about that. I agree
Let's continue building our skill stack
Eight different kinds of touch. I never knew that there was more than one
The kind that makes you nervous
Let's learn the other couple and we have this wonderful fun way of acknowledging the animal names that actually
one of our practitioners from sylvania
Manza brought to us at an advanced training in vienna last year and we have
The abalone
It's like this on the body abalone you turn your hand you have the lying leopard
And you'll learn why we call it these names, but you don't have to worry about them the lying leopard just ah
This nice soft connected way of connecting to the body with our one and a quarter circles
Then we have the clouded leopard and you'll eventually learn how come I
Called it the clouded leopard working on a little clouded leopard in the li zoo
Ah, then you tip your fingers up and use the tips of your fingers for the raccoon touch
You know how the raccoons use these hands and these really tiny little circles and then we have the bear touch
With bear claw actually fingers together
circles if you want to go a little bit deeper and then
Tiger touch fingers spread apart and it's wonderful feeling you can do all these things
On yourself
So tiger and then we turn your fingers over and we have the back of the fingernails like this
This is the baby chimp
And this is a really nice way of connecting in a very light way
Then we have the baby orang which is from the tip of the fingers to the second joint
And then we pull the tips up
that we have from the
This first joint to the second
That is uh-huh
Chimp, you know chimp swat with their arms down and then we have this
This baby orang from the tip to the second joint
Because the orang's walk with their hands looser more open and then this we have this angle this angle from the hand
This 90 degree angle. This is a beautiful thing to do to yourself
From the tips to the hand that is orangutan
Touch and then we have the back of the hand any part of the back of the hand if we want to
Reach out and touch a person or an animal in a way that's very non-threatening
We just use the back of this hand in this very soft lovely way
So this gives you a little bit of
Journey through the various touches. I can't do any of those
My only type of touches
wood
And being in it
I don't even feel that I have no body
You got me
I'm at nobody
My body doesn't exist
You know
Are you trying to bum me out? I'm in the wood jeb. I know I tell you every day
Kendall we need you for a second
Oh, you think she'd let me no don't do that. Oh
But the orangutan feels nice on my face. I'm a monkey, huh?
It's I do it. Am I doing it too hard? I just like a strong touch
You do yeah, sometimes
Okay, what the hell is this?
Wait, sorry everybody
This wasn't submitted, but this is linked from that video
And I am a little curious
savage beauty
Look at that powerful body
well strength grace magnificent form
How does the tiger manage to keep himself at the peak of physical fitness for his entire life?
Yeah, he doesn't lift weights work machines
Perform calisthenics or aerobics and doesn't jog. This is narration. He can stand off a man
His power comes from his own exercise system
Far different from man's
And also far superior
It is the ultimate exercise system
Which I call tiger moves. Whoa
ironically
When man sets about to improve his health and physical fitness through exercise
He devises systems which lack the simple wisdom of the tiger
Why wouldn't you think of that?
Has far less injuries than high impact as does belly dancing
With its smooth and completely natural moves
Tiger moves
The best and most natural exercise system man can use look at this guy's body
That's it. I can just feel the power radiating off of it
Wow
I'm john mcsweedy
And I'm going to cover seven of these basic tiger moves inhale back with tension
Exhale forward
Whoa
Try to reach for the stars
Reach as high as you can
With tension great tension great board with great tension
Feel the tension in the muscles
Think into those thigh muscles the quadriceps the hamstrings the next tiger move is the stomach roll
This exercise now from the side I push down
And roll up
Flex force it down
Come up
You've just learned in this tape
three critical areas
of life and self-defense
I'll leave you with one thought please it pertains to nations it pertains to the individual
First a warrior
Or all else is folly. How come they never told me any of this dad?
Look
I'll admit that guy was in great shape
But that's a 1940s style body the technology for that kind of body has been lost jeb
But he looks so powerful and natural. That's how they were built back then
You know, they'd be
Farming in the fields while fixing a car and then flying a plane into a war in the whole time
They were just rippling with power
We called them flat chests
Because their bodies just kind of were at one kind of punchy flat angle
We can't look like that nowadays
Maybe one of us can't know the strength has been lost jeb
Don't go searching for it. We must let sleeping tigers lay
Jack McSweeney, please if you're still alive and something tells me you are let me be your disciple
Maybe you can be the father that I don't have any workers minds in the wood excuse me. No, that's fine. Actually, I don't really
I don't really feel like raising you still. I'm in the fucking wood jeb. Yeah, that's true
You mean my new daddy. I'm still your father. Damn it
A thing I say to myself every night
That was the body before the bench press the bench press ruined masculinity now our chests are all bulging but not strong
They can't do this thing anymore where you pull stuff apart
Most of strength is pulling things apart and pushing them together. We've lost that strength
That's what that kind of body looks like a body designed to like pull doors and stuff and like grab wood
Damn
And I know about grabbing wood. I bet you do because you're dead and you're in it
Anyway, thanks for submitting that. That was just the universe giving that to us daddy. Wow
Oh, that's all I had. Okay
Let's keep going
My life's been changed forever. I feel like that was a
sort of bedrock moment in my existence
There's a whole self-defense dvd
I mean, I think we might have found our new sub goal
But watch the whole thing a whole watch through that's the watch through chat's been graving
A body to fart with well make some money off that apparently
Okay, how to introduce a new cat to its home. Oh, this would have been case to know
Case to know a couple weeks ago, but let's
Send this to him and we can let him know what he did wrong
Hi, my name is Karen. I'm one of the vets at cat's protection the uk's leading cat world charity
And I'm going to talk to you today about some aspects of cat care
I'm going to talk to you today a little bit about how to introduce a cat
When you're bringing a cat home for the first time it can be a time of great stress for them
Cats are creatures of habit and they don't like change very much
So it's important to try and do everything you can to reduce your cat stress when introducing it to its new home
Okay, first thing to do is to prepare think ahead
Try and get a nice safe quiet room ready for your cat before it comes in
You're gonna need to provide that cat with everything it needs in that room
It's really important that it's got places to hide and and sleep that are going to be nice and quiet and comfortable
Eagle beds or covered beds can be really useful for this even just using an upturned cable box can be quite useful too
Making sure it's got places to go where it can get up high and hide
Sometimes window sales can be good or coffee tables or even shelves up higher can be really
That is pretty much what case did based on
Reading his gmail
Why are you doing that? Well, he left it open
He was emailing a friend for advice he described all the things he did to make his cat comfortable
Maybe he'd already seen that video
But it didn't work because I also read his gmail stop reading cases gmail
It's open. He shouldn't leave it open if he doesn't want me to read it. It's like he asked me to
We're going
Channelists asked if we're going grocery shopping later. Do you mean me?
Yeah, sure. Wow. Yeah, absolutely
My god, it's a date
Um
Um, whatever you want
Um, have you ever heard of the eight types of touch? Uh, there's eight it turns out
Did you know that there's um
You can touch with your nails and they call that monkey. I think wait did ovely just rate us
Look, thank you for the rate ovely. Um
I'm just we learned the eight types of touch
And I'm informing Kendall of what the eight types of touch are one of which is orangutan
There's chimpanzee
I hope you all had a great stream with ovely
But now you're here with me
learning about the eight types of touch
And also tiger style you missed a lot
Stop telling them about the eight types of touch. They need to know
Chat say it with me orangutan
chimpanzee
Knuckle they were almost all knuckle based. Oh, yeah
Anyway, thanks so much for the rate ovely. Hope everybody's having a wonderful thursday
We'll continue our journey to learn and I'll stop trying to touch Kendall
I think if you took a shower now, we'll probably we we could go in about 40 minutes
Oh, well, yeah, just wait 40 minutes. Anyway, I'm jab
I
Watch how-to videos with my father who's dead. Yes. I'm dead and he's trapped in the water
Wood it all makes
Does it make sense? It all makes perfect sense. Jeb. No one watching this for the first time would be confused
Yeah, okay. Well, it makes sense. I watch how-to videos and my dad is daddy trapped in the wood. Yeah
But it's for it's well part of a different channel for a guy named case
There's a lot to explain. I think that we should just watch the videos
How to be a romantic and original valentine's day partner for instance
If we haven't already seen this one. Oh, we haven't
Okay, great. This is useful. We're immediately providing value for everyone. This is how to be a romantic and original valentine's
Day, how do we write to your original on valentine's day? Here we go
Alexa, hello and welcome to video job with valentine's day fast approaching
Couples everywhere will be making plans for the one day of the year when they can show each other how much they care
In most cases, this will involve a lovely but predictable meal at a convenient restaurant
Oh, great a hastily written but heartfelt card and if you're lucky a bunch of flowers from the garage
Surely there's a better way to show your beloved. They're the only one for you
We've got a few ideas that will make your valentine feel like one in a million
step one
Cheap and cheerful
Once you have a date for valentine's day
That's half the struggle over to make it special plan something that's a little bit left field
This doesn't have to be expensive instead of forking out for a meal at a restaurant
Pack a picnic and head down to a romantic spot like a park or even your own garden for an intimate dinner for two
Be sure to pack a blanket and lots of wine to make the most of your night
Take along a portable radio so that you can indulge in some impromptu dancing if the mood takes you
step two
Extraordinary dates for those for whom money is no object
The perfect valentine's day date could be anything from a luxury spa break
Where you can both be pampered endlessly to a romantic mini break abroad to a city such as venice or paris
step three
Staying in if you would prefer to stay in on valentine's night
You could spend the evening cooking your favorite meal together. Well, look they they got a sibling pair
Just to this is an example
This is the brother and sister happen to be available. I'm assuming and that's why they look like they're related
Enjoying it by candlelight
For movie lovers put together a package with the dvd of your valentine's favorite film as long as it's one that you
Can better watch too some popcorn
Sweets and a bottle of wine this is such a
Then settle in for a movie night on the sofa you might like to put a different sort of
Champagne
Of massage oils depending on the kind of evening you're planning you think it's important that you leave the tub empty
because
I so rarely see an empty tub surrounded by candles and flowers
step four
Unusual gifts. Oh, whoa
I think this is where he plans his gifts
Sort of feel like i'm watching the girl with a dragon tattoo like a deleted uncolor graded scene
When it comes to valentine's gifts
Remember that the best gift is not always the most expensive one
Go for the thoughtful option as simple as a framed photo of the two of you in favor of an overpriced bottle of perfume
Flowers are always a winner
But do something a bit different by adding the element of surprise
Hide single roses or your partner's favorite flowers in unexpected places around the house for her to discover during the day
Add a little note with each one if you're feeling extra romantic
Done. Oh man. Happy valentine's day. Why do I feel such an intense feeling of dread? Oh, how is it?
Whoo really felt like something awful was about to happen
Nope
Just good advice
Is it does that work?
and you know
Sometimes you need to do something to make your partner feel special, but it doesn't necessarily have to be on valentine's day
Oh, yeah, I guess not
You know because it's sort of a prescribed holiday tip. Oh, yeah
Get rid of the thorns, of course. Just kind of felt like maybe they're a little bit of a murder vibe
Why would you think that I don't know I pick up on that kind of stuff. I pick up on murder rhymes
Okay
Give them only thorns
It's like a metaphor
I love you thorns and all only thorns
The delighting was very dark because david fincher asked
I've never seen any of his films. I think he made the girl with the dragon tattoo. Oh
Oh, no
Okay, well, that's three that's three so that's probably all the time we have for today. Um
Sort of blew my chance to try out the eight forms of touch on kendall, but
You know, there's always next time and uh, it's always it's always okay because you're actually never too old
So learn a new trick. That's a that's true
Do you like the glasses look
It's my classic glasses look
Oh, it's lily on a breathingsmith everyone
Anybody from ovaries stream is still around. Thanks so much for the raid ovally
Uh, I am case
And this is and this is a news channel
I swear
Honestly case, you know, you should probably be careful with the promises you make
You know, we kind of do
News what happened to the accent what you mean
I don't know. I guess, uh
It does kind of change around. It's always the same
It stays and roughly the same place just like I grew up in a place. Okay
Don't call me out for my beautiful voice
Oh, yeah
Okay, well, um, it's almost valentine's day
So I've been searching for the perfect valentine's day stories
We a freddy freaker never turned off. Oh no, I forgot to drop the freddy freaker
Don't redeem the freaker. It doesn't work right now. I'm sorry. I'll get you a voucher for a freddy freaker
That doesn't matter
Oh
Finally a call out pull this particular segment. Oh, yeah, I forgot people could even call that out
Well, we'll do that today too. But first
Dealers choice lily on a what's sorry. What's your hot news story? Well
Video jug no, not that
Not quite that
Today we're talking pizza perfume as dominoes launches a pepperoni inspired perfume for valentine's day
What could be more attractive? Did you just pick an ad for
dominoes
Now
What is her accent from slash cold? That's a great question. I'll never tell
Look a little bit of anonymity is important out here
I just can't quite place it and you probably never will but it's a place
Just like dominoes is a place dominoes is technically several places
Of the options are renaissance texas power exchange septembert and slovenia
Um
Rennerton texas power exchange septembert and slovenia exclamation point one through five is how you vote for this
Florida didn't quite make it on unfortunately. It's the first five
number three cloud nine thousand thanks for the vote
Okay, this pretty close
power exchange coming in what place is power exchange if you have to ask then
You just don't deserve to know if it's even a real place
Your accent comes from power exchange the beautiful country of power exchange
I've never heard of that
I could win and it did and you guessed correctly. This is the beautiful accent of my home country power exchange
Are you from like a soviet block?
uh like
government controlled utilities country
Those countries that you know those those those sort of ended with the soviet union so
Look, i'm not going to explain what power exchange is to you
It's vaguely australian. Look, it's a lot of play. It's a it's one place
And it's not my fault if you guys can't aren't familiar with the accent
Power exchange is that no I mean in my in the our traditional tongue which we're not speaking anymore
You pronounce it more like power exchange. That's just the english pronunciation
Well, it sounds different in my mother tongue because again if you say it correctly the way you say it is
power exchange, but oh
That's just the correct pronunciation
Anyway, we're talking about pizza perfume
What is there to say? Well, it exists. It's a limited edition. Oh the toilette
It's a nod to pepperoni pason pizza and it's said to have an irresistible note of spice pepper and a woody warm base
It's like a transatlantic accent. Yes
Is it more or less
It's a swinger's club. I mean
It has some to mark the launch of oudre passion
Domino's launch steady stream content featuring married at first sight uk star
Luke de bono seen to my left smelling like pepperoni
the former bodybuilder known for his sculpted bard and memorable one liners during his
One time on the maths the mafs certainly put his bard to good use for the camera
This does seem to just be an ad for pepperoni pizza. Of course it is. It's a pepperoni
Perfume it's it's all just a big advertisement stunt. You've picked an ad as your story again
But an ad for what for pepperoni pizza? No for dominoes. Oh
Oh dominoes did this. Well, I don't care what pizza company does it for me. I'm more of a pepperoni pizza pure
Today's debate brought to you by gun gun shade the first ruby spears Heathcliff or d. I see Heathcliff
With which Heathcliff animated adaptation is better and will probably need a little context dump for that because
I don't know how many people are aware of the important distinction between ruby spears Heathcliff and d. I see Heathcliff
Sorry a little pepperoni pizza coming up
You swear yourself of uh, liliado several politicians. I'm supposed to be in the darkest parts of the club when that happens
much you might have
The club is the name for the retirement home that I work in
You work in a retirement home. Well, I work. I wouldn't call it work all the time
You
They don't smell like pepperoni pizza on purpose. Let's put it that way
It's because they serve pepperoni pizza on thursdays. Most of them can't eat it anymore. Geez. All right
Well, anyway, that's the news that does not count as news. That's the news case
I can't help it if the news sometimes involves an ad for dominoes
Hmm
Dazzle soul train. Thanks so much for the follow. She's been working since the nixon era and still looks that good
I mean, maybe my secret is
target
There's no other secret going on here
Just tiger tiger moves
Ah, you want to build a lot of tension in those legs and I do
I'll take your word for it and you better keep taking my word for it or I'll take everything from you
Anyway, I'm lily on and we'll see you soon. Bye. Bye
Yes, ring that bell ring the damn bell the competition is finally on. I mean, it's a stretch to call the competition
Because when I'm on the competition is always won by the one with the green light aka me also the red light because I'm in a red jacket
Everything I say makes sense and it's perfect. Everything you may say it does not make sense in his bed
But you're still here. Anyway, it's crumb
Sort of speed running a totally illogical intro as usual
Music stop before you cut to me mistake on your end. I don't control the music and the cheers
They just sensed you were coming so they stopped
Well, if you're new here, uh
And I don't uh, thanks for sticking around somehow through all of that
Information is being provided on this channel. What information is that exactly pizzas and tigers?
Stuff people like
Okay, well, anyway, uh, you can wait through your channel points
Decided if me or munch will win and you'll get a big win assuming we don't have somebody over here cheat
There was a little bit of a snafu or maybe the wrong points went to the people who honestly didn't deserve them because they thought you would win
Um
On 25k on munch only going to do one vote on the poll. Let's get rid of these channel points
I accidentally won last time 25,000 channel points is a channel points economy
Some of us are balling out. We can't help it if you're putting up tiny channel points numbers
14.3 k verse 41 point
Uh, I didn't see how much but there's over 40 grand writing on you munch. So maybe don't let the people down
Crumb owns somebody a lot of money so lately he wants me to win
Which does look I would never lose but it does make me
Want what you don't want to happen. I mean I'm saying maybe you should try
People have money writing on this
Fake my fake real money. Sorry real the realest money there is
channel points
What do you even believe in myself you fucking idiot?
Yeah, he's just mean he's just mean for no reason. Anyway, we're debating Heathcliff. Yeah, we're debating
Dic Heathcliff vs. Ruby Spears Heathcliff. I'm gonna have to look this up
Because of other people not being aware of things
You probably don't even know
The difference
Between d.i.c. and ruby spears Heathcliff. Well, here's the difference
Okay, so that's Heathcliff and marmadude just kind of chilling and that is
Ruby Spears Heathcliff
Obviously
John michael gets it. That's why they dropping the sub in honor of ruby spears Heathcliff. You're having to check every time
Okay, d.i.c. has Heathcliff meanwhile
Is this are these cool cats?
they're
They're kind of stealing valor though from fat
No, it's just
Well, this is a really lo-fi youtube video, but this I guess is d.i.c
Heathcliff
It does have a little bit of a fat elbern energy. Oh that cat got absolutely demolished by that pie
Did not see that coming hope they're okay. It's a cartoon you fool
They're okay. Are you worried about the cat not being okay?
Are they fine? Is that cat okay? It's you shut it already. It's a cartoon
Sucked on that a bit too long
Yeah, I mean that's a problem
I've run into all the time because you're sucking on thing. No because people are
Because of the sucking that's happening to me if I did suck obviously I'd be incredible at it
more of a hand game guy myself and I'm also more of a
Uh, d.i.c. Heathcliff. I kind of like it's got more of a 70s late 70s early 80s vibe. It's kind of my jam actually
Oh, we got a thought
coming in
Shit did we break this
The well anyway the munklefield2k says the this is the alley cats
A second feature that ran with Heathcliff. Oh, is it not d.i.c. Heathcliff?
I think that's the animation side the the distinction we are drawing here. I'm just gonna google this d.i.c. Heathcliff
Ruby Spears Heathcliff. Let me see if I can just find a side-by-side picture. So it's crystal clear
What we're debating here
um
Okay, shit. I had it totally backwards. I think I think we might have had it totally
Totally backwards. Okay based on this
Goddamn it. This is so confusing
This is Ruby Spears. This is Ruby Spears Heathcliff
So we did have it backwards. Okay, my bad
Ruby Spears Heathcliff appears to be
This Heathcliff did we have it back? What I don't know what Heathcliff looks like
Gunshade the first can you explain?
Which is which
Ruby Spears. Okay, here we go anime superhero news
Might have our back here. This is the alley cats a second feature that ran with Heathcliff
Okay, but I need to find the distinction between Ruby Spears Heathcliff and D.i.c Heathcliff
I thought you already knew weren't you bragging about your knowledge
See people on this message board are saying all sorts of things
This version by D.i.c
The Ruby Spears version was good, but the D.i.c version is better. That's what the experts are saying
Yeah, obviously this intro slaps
Obviously this intro rocks, but which was the D.i.c. Is this is this D.i.c. or is this
This is the D.i.c. version
Okay
So now all we need to do so the other one that's D.i.c
That's D.i.c
The Heathcliff Heathcliff song, okay
Then then the Heathcliff theme song
For the other Heathcliff is
That's okay. That's that one
Ruby Spears Heathcliff intro
This is insane that I can't find this instantly
Is that the Marmaduke one?
Who's the sassiest brassiest classiest cat?
Who's got charm who's got warmth who's got style?
Is this Ruby Spears?
Or is this still D.i.c.
Oh, wait, light on his feet. Oh, is it?
Oh extensive. Okay, that's Ruby. That's Ruby
That's Ruby. Okay
Both look old enough that I'm having trouble placing either in a particular
Like the D.i.c. one looks again late 70s early 80s, but this one also looks old
Well, look the one
with the voiceover
About how he's the coolest cat
is
Ruby
Yes, and D.i.c. Is the one with the slap and theme song. I'll take D.i.c. Oh
Oh, no
If anybody's wondering why why fucking crumb is sandbagging these debates lately again
It's because he owes a gorilla 180 thousand dollars. Well, it's 179 180 today because
The interest keeps going up
Well, I'm taking fucking
D.i.c.
Deek
Fucking riding that deek to victory. I suspect fine then I'll take Ruby Spears. I think
I think there's stuff to be said about both
What are you even gonna say?
um
Well
There's plenty to say about
Wake up. How's the wrong thing? Anyways, one of them. I might be making that poll. Yeah, uh
Ruby versus deek
I'm riding the deek and you know, you're more of a ruby man
More of a ruby. Oh man. Well, I'm a democrat. I'm not a ruby. Oh man. Um
So I thought this freaker thing is I gotta I gotta turn that off. You know what happened
Munch wins today
Well, you guys haven't we haven't even watched that much of the ruby Heathcliff
I think maybe for my time
um
Once this poll is going we should just watch
More of the ruby Heathcliff
If you guys are oh some reach he did have and thank you so much. Okay. Look, um
Just look at this
What else do I need to say? Look at this
Uh, I won't I won't double up on the music but look at this animation quality
It's honestly just so much fun
um
It's got a cleaner aesthetic. I think this is the more modern version
even though it's also very old
and
His friends are the mouse is the thing that I'm learning
And uh, that's not scooby-doo, but
You know marmaduke isn't just low rent scooby-doo
He's his own
preacher who doesn't really
He's different. He's more suburban. He's less mystery based
So I'm just saying there's a lot going for ruby Heathcliff
What fucking argument were you even making look this argument begins and ends at the a deek is fun to say
It's fucking Heathcliff deek
Right in that Heathcliff deek and this theme song is just infinitely superior. You don't need some fucking old
Bowlwinkle voiceover telling you that Heathcliff is the coolest cat around
You know what deek Heathcliff does he gets nice and fucking hard rides the deek and proves it with one of the greatest
Goddamn theme songs of all time
Heathcliff Heathcliff number one not a fucking ruby a fucking deek the number one deek big deek player
Fucking schooling all these other cats who think they're cool in the junkyard try fucking again
Actually the goddamn king of the deek is Heathcliff
So get your fucking rubies and diamonds out of here because this is a deek world where we fucking live in junkyards
And actually believe in things crumb you goddamn freak. You don't even deserve this money today
I refuse to pay you what no the whole point is that you have to pay me you can't go back on that
You said you even lost you and pay me you said every lost I would be you can't do that. That's so cruel
I need that money, please but I'm gonna pay you. I'm gonna pay you. I just was so far ahead
I had to say something to get you upset
But it's a fun how desperate you were though instantly you know what else is fun
boom
Oh, thank god. I really do that gorilla is getting clashed here
every day
Apologies to any new viewers. I know it doesn't make sense, but I do owe a gorilla now 175 thousand dollars
I'm just between financial situations right now and
I just can't keep mongering my house my wife
My wife will leave me exactly. Thank you for apologizing on behalf of me as well skimer for anyone having to see crumb
Who has lost?
Well, look, I take no pleasure in losing but I do
I do badly need the money
Try selling farts. Can I do that? Not you make it sound the fucking
Saudi Arabia has a bio weapon
Maybe if you lived in the resident evil universe, you could sell your farts
Well, technically we live in the renterton universe where zombies are also a thing. We already have our own
exclusive
Pathogens and mutagens. We don't need yours
Well, congrats, I guess and the money it's auto deposited. I set it all up. I set it all up
You made me set it all up. Well, you know, I hit the button it happens, right?
I guess I do you did give me your bank information. You're lucky. I'm such a man of honor
or
Don't make me take my bank information away from you. That is privileged bank information that I only share
With my biggest enemies. That's that's the enemy account that I only share with my biggest enemies
Why is there so much in it because I have a lot of money
From what you know from what?
Well, gunshade the first perfuse ruby spears Heathcliff because they had a good restoration whereas d.i.c
Hasn't been able to restore theirs
Also ruby spears is such an underrated animation studio. They had excellent animators and people from hannah barbera that worked there
So how do you feel now?
taking an
unnecessary deluge
Of rancid opinion and dumping them on top of ruby spears full of hard-working animators
That made a beautiful children's show
All I gotta say is
Fucking grab this deke baby because it's number one and that's all the fucking time we have
Sorry, not sorry
We big deep players over here and we prove that today
I'm basically winning by a huge amount now. Everybody can see it. You're
You're still behind
You're still like pretty far behind more or less winning
Is what people say and that's why I'm more or less got to get the fuck out of here
I got things to do from
Some of us have actual money to make that we then have to give to you because you're being so pathetic all the time
We'll see you soon. Bye. Bye. Oh, it feels good to be summoned
I have been summoned on to you today chat
I forgot that was even a fucking option, but I'm honestly kinda happy it is because I was ready to sky it's
Yeah, I mean it is weird that you just want for people to say sky and I guess now that I think about it
Actually, it's pretty fucking cool. I'm like a secret boss
Sorry, I know that it's pretty freaking cool. That's chitai. That's my proprietary AI that has all of my thoughts plus every thought
Yeah, I'm mostly my personality is based upon the thought of feelings of chat
Plus all of the stuff on google. Yeah, he pretty much has all google in there, too
You don't remember what I ate yesterday, but I can name dick cartoons. Well, you know geek is a classic
uh animation studio makes it informative and a lot of the children was of
Bloody old age men and women. Yeah, it's also fucking called deep dick. It's fucking dick
But a couple of them make cartoons and I do think that's I think that's beautiful. I mean, yeah, yeah dog
That's a thousand percent beautiful
Shit don't talk to me. I have a huge fucking list
Of six guidance to show you all I have a whole thread that like I basically never used
Because I kind of I just nobody redeems this that often so I haven't used in a while
Oh, I guess you just talk about whatever the person who said science. Yeah, but this time the deal is choice
We can finally learn all the shit that like they've been dying to teach me and I've been like I'm busy learning other
Shit, but today we'll learn some other stuff that chat sent over for instance
Not this pizza guy
This guy a spine zapping implant helped three people with a muskel what uh wasting disease walk better
Stuff to and this shit could be honestly this shit could probably be like
Fucking heartwarming as hell. I mean, yeah, it's helping people walk. That's fantastic. Yeah, I mean
We're in agreement here that like people walking has always made me cry
You know, well, yeah, I mean if they could that's my point as well. Okay
Get this pizza guy out here. We're talking about muskles
Uh three people with muscle destroying diseases this into worse
It got a little stronger able to walk more easily when an implanted device zapped their spinal cord
Damn that does sound scantific as hell
On wednesday research is reported that that they uh call what they call the first evidence that a spine
Simulating in-pill ant already being tested for paralysis might also aid neurodivergent diseases like spinal
Muscle atrophy by restoring some muscle function at least temporarily
Is there about to be a video of people's spines getting tangled? Oh, shit. There is. Okay
Oh, so quiet though
Heather let's watch this courtesy of the ap
We about to learn about spines
Heather rendulik stroke left her barely able to move her left hand and arm
I always tell people that I live one handed in a two handed world and you don't realize
How many things you need two hands for until you only have one good one?
I honestly had no hope of
You know any improvement only in the united states there is 800 000 people every year only stroke
And about half of them 400 000 every year end up with having permanent motor paralysis
So it's actually an enormous medical problem
Heather was our first participant so it was very
Emotional to the study with her
Damn in 2021 researchers implanted a device that electrically stimulated her spinal cord
I know what you mean. Okay. I know what you mean. I know what you mean. cells that move her arm in hand
The first day in the lab. I had no idea what to expect. I was so nervous
They had me open and close my hands
And I was doing it in a way that I hadn't done
Since my stroke and we all weren't tears crying and it was just a really
Powerful moment and just you know one of the highlights of my life
As soon as the simulation turned on they are immediately able to do things that couldn't do before
I could feel it in my arm like a vibration. So to speak it never hurts
But you definitely do feel a vibration and you can tell when it's on and when it's not on
You can see the difference too
Here's heather sorting blocks with the stimulation off
When the stimulation is turned on she's able to work twice as quickly
Whoa, whoa
Capagrossos at researchers decided most of the tasks, but heather also weighed in
My husband and I loved to eat steak and one of my pet peeves
I relate to this is I have to ask him to cut up my steak for me into pieces
The eating steak part
I'm not trying to steal the dollar
Steak for her to cut the steak with the hand
Hi, you're cutting it. I'm cutting it. I did not think it would be possible, but it was
I remember leaving the lab the last time in tears
And just so sad not wanting you know to have it removed
For this first of its kind experiment researchers had to remove the device after four weeks
It'll take years of study to prove the treatment works
We first give them abilities and then we remove them
Which pressures me to go faster actually to be able to have the full implantable system and go back to them
Hey, we can make your life better now
Everything we did just blew me out out of the water. This technology was helping me
Improve in ways that I didn't think were possible
Shit did I just actually learn something?
Well, you've learned other stuff. It's just mostly been about farts and boners
But I can learn Scott. I can use God's to learn about stuff that helps people you could that's a thing you could try to always do
Yeah
But also though
Does that basically mean that Frankenstein was kind of like right?
The monster. Yeah the guy who the monster who made the guy that that was the Frankenstein
Dr. Frankenstein
Yeah
That like you can just shock stuff and then it comes to life. No, that would be both us about this
These accurate takeaway probably
But what I said was still smart. Yes, of course sir. Yeah
I do like what he called you sir
Go uncle Phil 2k. Uh, that is do you have exactly this kind of thing?
Because you might not know this but I didn't know that this existed
I think you could probably believe that you didn't know that
I just didn't realize there was you could put a thing in you that's like
Shocks your spine and then stuff works different
That's crazy and you have to try I guess obviously you would have to charge it. Well, I'm sorry that it sucked to charge it
I guess I'm glad that you have this technology and also sorry that you have to deal with it
It's kind of like
You are sort of a robocop. But what I just mean you're as cool as robocop. It's a compliment
Hey
It is oh yes, sir. That's a compliment. I mean I do mean it as a compliment
I just think it's fucking cool. He's got a thing that can electrocute his spine
And I think it's cool for this lady as well. I'm just trying to say that scions is powerful
I'm a bunch of electricity right here. I never knew it could be used for good. I thought it mostly lit up jellyfish and buttholes
I
Yeah, that is what you thought indeed
All right, well sick
I never expected that they would send to me and I would impart anything heartwarming or interesting on anyone
I knew it would happen. Actually, I didn't just I didn't just it's not that I never thought it is that I knew it would happen
Basically raiding from mortal combat exactly
You strap a portable charger battery unit around your waist maneuver it over the implant and it charges through the skin
I know that it sucks that you have to deal with that however
Counterpoint what you just said is very cool
It is pretty cool
You still want to have some clarity on why ruby spirits Heathcliff is not as well appreciated as the keycliff
Gunshade the first that was that's still what you're thinking about. Well, you've got different takeaways from different things
They really do. Okay. Well, look, I feel like I got to quit while I'm ahead
That was scions and I did give it to you. So
Uh, they all of the scions I think I can handle because it made me it made my heart
Warm slightly and also we learned a cool fact about one of our viewers
What a day to do skies which I have done
But now I must go and I once I start turning my head sometimes I can't stop
Oh, shoot cut away. My head's gonna turn. Oh, I can't stop turning right. Oh, okay
Look at check go
Thanks for sharing uncle uncle will 2k that um
I'd heard of like uh
Spinal implants, but I guess I never considered
That they would work with like, you know electric
Control electric something obviously I'm too dumb to still really understand it but
That's cool
And also sorry to hear that charging it is a pain in the ass
Um, okay. I think we got to do one more segment and then get out of here for the day. Let's
Send it to the streets
We'll put a video in the disc or showing how you charge it. Yeah, we can check that out. I mean, yeah
If you're down to share
Through the skin
via the spine
We're gonna go to the streets
And then we'll be out of here till tomorrow. I didn't stream on Monday. I was trying to stick to three a week
Kiyoko. I'm hopefully gonna be able to lock in on a um
A schedule I can stick to I picked up a different part-time job as I mentioned
Um
But it's for a thing that's kind of in the works
So the schedule's kind of shifting around but once that thing is less in the works and more of a recurring thing
I should know exactly what I can stream. But for now, we're gonna aim for monday wednesday friday around four
All that being said
exclamation point trip is how you guys send an opinion to trip as we're going there right now
It's time for the streets
Yes
It's good to be out here folks. It's your boy trip rads
I'm on the streets again ready to take your hot and fresh opinions and to find them out here
By you sending them to you get it exclamation point trip is how you send me your opinion that I then talk to on the streets
It just works
Looks like we've already got some coming in today. What a day to be in a park or as I call it the streets
Oh, I'm getting a text on my mobile phone one second, please. Is it an opinion?
More work for case to do weird that I got that text. Okay
um
Leave a message for trip exclamation point trip is how you send us your opinion that is accurate
Let's get into it
uh exclamation point trip away if you've got anything to say
And meanwhile we'll see who's out here today, hahaha
Okay
uh... yes you there sir do you have anything to say to me i am in fact
trippy b
i trip on brewed as
uh... hello brewed as
i hear you got a big bush
uh...
you know yes i do sleeping
and arguably large one
why
well i hear it's wiring wild
and i'm here to trim it
you're to trim your big bush
from this from the park
like that
parks and recreation
city administration
look when a bush needs trimming the wind calls me
pointing me to your bush
and i will make it
sexy fantastic
you know
uh...
you never seen at rim bush like mine
you're ready to
you're ready for brews to trim your book
you ready
whistle when you're ready
whistle when you're ready to get to
any more time
uh...
i mean it could use a trip
i just don't know you the wind sent me
tips it
but you were so into the wind
and you know
okay i'll whistle when i'm ready
well just make sure you're listening to the ready not because there's a song in
your heart
i can't tell the difference i'd hate to trim your bush before you're ready
well about consent
that's positive i guess
that's an improvement over some of the people i talk to you're earning trust
with me
that's how you get repeat customers i don't charge
in a way i feel like you're paying me
because i believe in trimming
and i'll do it
when you're ready
big fan
oh it was a fan that's nice
i can't tell if i feel better or unsettled
no need to think about it too much
let's talk to this guy
uh yes you there sir anything you want to say to me i'm trippy b
hey uh i like your bush i want it
i want it okay how much
you know what you know what what scratch that i'm taking it is my no
get out
get out
it's mine
oh boy i was looking forward to someone really trying to fuck with me today
because i'm just got a lot of energy you see this hand it's tingling with tiger strength
that's right i'm one of the only only practitioners left the only man who
still rocks a 1940s bod and if you want to see what tiger strength
look like in a 60 plus year old expert newsman why don't you
quit keep keep barking up the street you can't even keep your words together old man you
don't deserve that bush i'll prove to you that i deserve that bush
if you want to really see some action you didn't flinch once
and i never will you little bitch now get out of here
oh that's how you handle that chat if you're ever bullied that's
exactly how you handle it he's all bark no bite totally
unprepared to live in a bush as a mangled and dangerous as mine he
would have died i did him a favor honestly
okay let's keep it rolling i'm fired up now yes you there you got a thought for me
i'm trippy b just a giggle trash the the period at the end of the trip
it kept it from getting sent in case you're wondering
huh yes sorry i was looking at a stream of chat in my mind
it's a trip um i heard about the bodies
what where are the bodies what trip i was at mcdonald's when you
claimed your first victim what i saw you
tell the world about this i'll tell them about everything
unless you pay me seven thousand trump coin
don't think i wouldn't do it trip what mcdonald's i famously don't go inside
buildings i don't believe in it buildings are for people like you
i'm a park man so go ahead and try to blackmail me
what are they gonna do throw me in a different park
well i think they'd send you to prison oh i'd like to see them try i'd stare at
them and play music
seven thousand trump coin whistle when you have it
or i'll let everyone know i will let everyone know what you really are
trip i just it literally couldn't have been me you are actually mistaken
i'm not worried about it whistle when you're ready to admit it trip
buildings are scary there's a thing over you all the time it could fall
whenever meanwhile the trees can be trusted they speak to me
all right um yes uh you there knew any thoughts for me
well hey there uh i'm the park ranger who witnessed crumb
running from a gorilla okay he said something about i don't have your
money yet do you know what's that what that's about
i have to file a report about two animals on the loose
yeah um well crumb owes that gorilla 180 000
and he's not paying it off very quickly because
i think he's in substantial other gambling debts that he's also
trying to pay off does that answer your question
no that really doesn't what if you're really a park ranger in this park
what i just said isn't that weird i mean obviously i've seen some things i
just wasn't fully tracking yep okay well i've given you everything i
have he works in la so go there what all the way over
there see if you're really from this park that shouldn't throw you
look i work for the park i am new but thank you i guess you've been a little
combative that's my thing and i listen
oh you did listen sort of combatively but
all right new park rangers when is enough enough don't we already have plenty
there's the one guy there's occasionally another guy
okay let's see who's out here today for me trippy b
uh yes you there you've got an opinion for me i am
in fact trippy b hello trip howdy hello mountain man mark here
with another update about the sasquatch vs ufo war
going on in the cascades all right we pushed them we pushed them into eastern
oregon to trap them in the giant armorylose typhungus the
largest organism on the planet okay but we didn't expect all of the
ghosts to join in the fight on the side of the ufo
we never saw that coming
i'll do what i can to keep you updated thanks
i didn't know i was curious but i guess i was
he did have my attention all right yes you there
um do you have any thoughts for me i'm trippy b
yeah trip i'm staying over there the bush on the far end
okay some park rangers said i gotta go can i move into yours
can i move in it's a fair question raccoon pandren
no just know you know our history this is my side of the park stay on yours
they're kicking me out man what do you want me to do
can we just let bygones be bygones that's not a sex thing i have
really dry lips it's a sex thing i know it's always a sex thing
his whole face is is very low poly but his his tongue is super hd
and it's the worst what do you mean i can't help you go talk to keanu
reeves he's the park mayor or whatever you know how it works that's an
assumption i really don't okay
okay let's make sure he was gone
all right let's talk to one more and then get out of here for the day uh yes you
there fellow what do you got for me is this
another fucking park ranger well i'll say i think
sarah huckabee sanders has no friends
okay if she did they'd tell her to stop mutilating her kitchen
and shire curtains turning them into god-ass dresses she clearly needs a
stylist and that's not just me saying that no sir
no sir am i under arrest not yet
just play it cool and tell me what you think of her sarah huckabee sanders
kitchen decoration choices they're bad all right you passed
this time good luck out there on the trail stay
safe it's dangerous there's a guy a lot of guys with very hd tongues walking
around are you one of them you better believe it
most hd tongue in the wild wild west banana boy out was he a cop i guess he
told me he was you have to tell me if you're a cop but then i don't have to
believe you i guess okay well look that's all the time
we have for today thanks for all your hot opinions getting him in there
nice and fast and i delivered them back to you
hyping pot and also to a banana and that's my cue to get out of here for the day i'm
trippy b i love it out here i'm never going anywhere and you better not go
i never go anywhere either because you gotta give me those opinions bye bye
all right i had this open still
competing ready to get out of here for the day
it's all the time we got yeah i'm ready okay i don't know about that i gotta
rap more often that's the choice we make regularly on the stream
is it the right one we'll never know um okay
let's see i haven't rated ricky peacock in a long time
let's send you ricky's way ricky that peacock everybody
have a great night everyone thanks for hanging out
i gotta do a little editing or i would let the pito rap
i'll rap anyway i don't need you watching me to rap
well good to let you up to go let's all get go go get groceries
i could use some advice all right we'll be back uh we're also gonna do work out
stream we'll see if we have time to do that this weekend uh say hi to ricky
peacock for me and uh have a great rest of your
tuesday we'll see you tomorrow also there's a bakery on tomorrow