I'm Pepita, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Case Blackwell said careful with this insane support case will be able to
forward his evil communist agent in the end today.
Hello everybody, it's your favorite Chinese asset.
The only CCP stream proudly covering the news.
For free with no sponsorship, Case Blackwell back once again right before moving.
I'm actually I'm about to go to a brand new the exact same studio.
We're moving literally tomorrow and then everything will look well.
It'll probably look exactly the same.
Getting paid is overrated. Exactly.
I mean I've been to the promised land and everything has changed for me now.
Sorry, a brand new $30 million studio. I'm having the whole studio rebuilt.
But exactly the same for the sake of nostalgia.
I gotta thank some people. Geez.
I feel like I'm being showered with gold.
Oh, there's also a hype train happening.
Hype train. Are you around?
No.
New studio more space. There will be some changes, but it's going to take me a minute to set up
well really realistically a camera in a green screen.
So I might not this honestly might be the last stream until next week.
And then I'm hoping I can get on a way more consistent schedule because I'll actually have my own room to go into.
So if Kendall has a meeting I no longer have to be like, I guess I just won't do it today.
Yeah, it is also substantially more space.
Matt, great to see you.
It has been 10,000 years, Reverend Wolf, great to see you.
My brother's correct.
I am planning to learn Mandarin to eventually put the stream into Mandarin.
After my incredible sojourn to China, we've already hit this hype train new theme.
Are you excited for that hype train?
Why do I need that? What's all this change?
There will be almost no changes.
Well, I don't support any change ever. I'm the not change candidate.
No need the elections over. We can at least leave that behind.
Gotta flee the USA now that Trumpsters.
Yeah, that's been interesting going to China, our apparent future enemy according to the news and government.
And then coming back to America to seeing it in just such primo shape.
TCP equals K's constant propaganda. Yeah, get ready for it.
Get ready for it. Hype train, you need to thank people.
Can you do that? What happened to you?
I've been... My mind has been opened by traveling to China.
I didn't see you in China. I was there. I was the train you rode.
They have high speed rail in China, something that we have been lagging behind a little bit here in the States, but I don't think that's you hype train.
No, that was I, you know, I worked with the CCP to be their high speed rail. That's me.
Stop taking credit for the achievements of the Chinese.
No, that was me. It's, I go fast. Gotta go fast. That's also my catchphrase.
That's Sonic's catchphrase.
No, that's mine. It was mine first. And that's actually the Chinese catchphrase.
That's in English.
Well, I'm translating it for all of you.
Anyway, drop a beat.
Drop me a...
Get me a...
Give me a Groundhog Day beat to see what that pulls up.
It's not even remotely close to Groundhog Day.
Ooh, Eminem Groundhog Day, officially instrumental. That's what I need.
Oh yeah. Who am I thinking?
The people for subbing.
Okay. Yo.
Pitch my voice up. Make me Eminem.
Yo. Is that what Eminem sounds?
Oh.
Got it in, baby. I'm in like a boss. I got the mantle and I'm slicing.
I'm bringing the chaos. They dropped the sub for nine months, cause they showin' me love.
Like, enter daddy with the tier one from above. We got X terminated, but they never left here.
In the ring, they are master debate of the master of debate. Yeah, it must have been fate.
Enter daddy with the 10 subs. Feelin' so great. Oh, oh, oh, it's too much.
Gotta go fast.
I'm training and I'm on another path.
Stormburn 92. Every time they come through. 25 fuckin' months.
Two years. What it do? Oh man.
Let it together.
And it was the latest I checked.
They gave it to me.
And all the part where I rap and Mandarin. Nope, nah, you're not alive.
Okay. Reverie Wolf.
The Gulf. We did a war there.
I got a buff. With the 25 months, yes.
Reverie Wolf. Arrooo! You the best.
Arrooo!
Jesus. He was mercifully stopped early. Okay.
Stony47, thank you so much for the three months.
Quantum Tunneler, thank you for the nine months.
BeeGrendle, the six months.
Enter daddy, thank you again for dropping the nasty 10.
Straight on my head. Feels too good.
Comrade Blackwell is back. BeeGrendle.
Ready to drop all the Chinese propaganda news on your head.
It's been too we- I met to stream last week, but this move has just been taking up most of my time outside of this Amazon job, which also wraps up this week.
Thankfully.
If Kendall comes back, maybe I'll save talking about China until she's back, because we were there together.
So we might have things to share.
Let's see. What can I tell you about China?
I thought I heard Kendall coming in just now.
No.
Okay, here's the main thing I have to tell you about China.
Is this chart of Chinese wage growth over the last 10 years.
Isn't this- isn't that fun?
This was the main thing that struck me about being in China.
Was that I was like, oh, there's a sense of growth and hope for the future?
Did you piss in bottles at the Amazon job?
Uh, yeah, but I mean only for fun.
It's a cushy media job, so we just pissed in bottles because we're total perverts.
Because we're degenerates.
If anything, it's deeply disrespectful to the actual workers.
I'm the most famous guy in China.
Well, the tallest white guy in China at any given time is a celebrity.
And I honestly don't think it was me. I think they got confused.
But I'll take it. I need all of the stolen tall valor I can get.
Okay, well, anyway, let's do a little bit of news.
I do have to resume moving soon, so we better get started.
Let's see what's going on in the world. Woo!
Well, look who it is.
The actual American that still supports American values and has stayed in America.
Thus making me the only trustworthy newsman still on the station.
It's me, Chad. It's good. It's big Chad. It's good to see everybody.
I've been fucking working. Somebody's been taking. Somebody's been fucking slacking.
Um, well, you know, I was on vacation. I'm moving.
Well, I'm not. So why am I just why have I been coming to work?
I know you haven't been coming to work yet.
Pupito checks on that stuff. What?
No, I'm putting in my time card. We don't have time cards.
Your salaried employee check. What?
Do I get stock options? Sure. Oh, shit. I'm rich? No.
Oh, well, because of my dad I am.
Good to see everybody. Bring home any Ming vases? Well, case?
No, the only thing I bought in China was this one hat.
This is the only thing I got. It's also a little crooked.
I got the same hat here in America. So what's so good about China?
Here's looks a little different. What looks different about mine?
I ask you this. What?
Time card gymnastics should be an Olympic sport.
I mean, when I've submitted time cards, I've done.
I've done some work with them in the past.
Well, then who are you to judge? Oh, I'm not judging.
It's a nice hat. Yeah, it's from Onatsuka.
Onatsuka Tiger. And it's got their little tiger on it.
There's a hidden camera in the tiger's eyes.
I welcome the invasion of privacy from my new Chinese overlords.
Was shopping in China like Team U IRL?
Everything was cheaper, but I was mainly...
Well, everything in China seems to be slightly cheaper.
Can you stop your music jet? No, I haven't heard in a minute.
Oh, come on.
The cost of living in China I think is supposed to be about half what it is in the United States or maybe less.
So that kind of translates to all the products too, but it's mostly...
It was tons of brand names from what I noticed.
Apparently there's been a crackdown, I guess, on like black market, the more illegal variety of shops in China,
although they're probably still there. I mean, I was only there for a week.
But I mean, I was largely struck how...
I was in like two of the biggest cities also, but I was struck by how branded everything was.
It was like, you know, like most people were legitimately walking around in like North Face windbreakers.
Yeah, you can literally buy this hat in the USA.
I don't even know if this is a Chinese brand.
I just wanted a hat while I was over there and I like that.
I like that it has a little tiger on it.
Look at it, his eyes are see-through.
Oh my God, maybe there are cameras in there.
You got anything to show while I was going?
No, I mean, I already had that hat exactly.
I bought it here in the United States.
Japanese brand.
So you thought you were buying a Chinese hat?
No, I didn't think it was a Chinese hat.
I literally bought this in a mall.
I bought it next to like a Skechers.
In the last case, his cultural contribution to America, his stories of China are...
Oh, they had American brands.
I thought you'd find that comforting chat.
I do, but I thought maybe you'd come back with some cool shit.
I did almost buy a tea set at the base of the Great Wall of China.
But then I felt like that was also kind of just me being a total tourist.
So I was like, I mean, maybe I just won't buy anything.
And then I did buy a lot of food, but I can't bring that back with me.
You could have brought me back food and you didn't.
Skimer, thank you for the 24 months.
Also, the hype train needs to summon its ass back to life to do a new theme.
And I think also Salazar and Pappito both need to make themes case.
Have you forgotten that this is a theme based stream?
Yes, but we'll have to knock those out.
We'll knock out one at the end of the stream and then once we're in our new space,
that looks suspiciously like this space, we'll get to the other two.
Where's your cool shit?
There was a Jeb request from the last show.
Well, that's how two will be happening then.
Here, I'll even trigger it for you guys.
Yeah, I know how to produce.
I'm a producer.
I forgot.
It's too much work.
You gave up immediately.
It was too much work, but we'll do Jeb today.
Just nobody else requested or you'll waste it.
It's already going to happen.
Sorry.
I was eating food delivered from China so that I felt cooler than you.
But it did not keep well in transit.
I did order it through Grubhub, but from China.
I had to use a VPN. It was a mess.
Jeb, what? Anyway.
The Jeb specifically was for this.
Ooh, there's a specific Jeb request.
Oh, damn it. This is core.
I got to fix my chat links to just open up in the right app.
The rules of... oh wait.
It's either the rules of etiquette or how this is Dave.
Or how to bind a cravat.
We can just do all three to be safe.
Who fed Pepito while I was going?
Um...
That's a really good question.
Shet, did you feed Pepito?
No. I took care of it.
Don't worry. I was responsible while...
Somebody's off gallivanting around the globe.
Literally sowing dissent in our country in support of a foreign agent.
These took the words out of my mouth for once, Crumb.
Wow, Crumb. What a surprise. You're also anti-China.
I'm not anti-China. I'm just saying.
America first.
All right. I think now that the Democrats are shifting right,
Crumb is getting on that bandwagon.
No, this is how I've always been.
This is the shame I've always been.
Seems normal to me.
Okay, well, would you want us to be talking about...
Should we talk about whatever's going on?
Can we do a news, please?
Yeah, I was already gonna do that.
I never wasn't going to do a news.
Things have been great in America while Casey's been gone.
Things are moving along swimmingly.
The election was fair and free.
And now that we've agreed what America means again,
we can all get on the same page and start rolling back progress.
Oh, yeah, I forgot that that's what we're into now.
Well, you know, sometimes you got to go two steps forward
to then take a couple more steps backwards.
It's actually two steps forward, five or six steps back.
Because we're going back to when stuff was good.
The singular...
If you go far enough back, actually, it's the big bang.
And then it's infinite possibilities.
Anyway, my point is things are going pretty good.
Don't steal my shot.
One shot, one opportunity. Let me pull this up.
What's this shit?
Is this right? Yeah, that's right.
Okay, Trump picks avatars to project 2025.
And why wouldn't they? I mean, that's 2025 is next year.
It'd be a mistake not to plan for the immediate future.
23 months of news. How is that even possible?
You can have up to 25 months of news if you subscribed
right when I was streaming with Tim two years ago.
We are returning to the news.
You heard Chrome was on the deportation list?
Well, then why am I still here?
That is the million-dollar question.
I've asked that myself.
Not you too, Chad.
I mean, I've asked that of myself as well to be specific, Chrome.
Unlike everyone else around here, I'm a nice guy that makes friends.
Well, that's really shut the fuck up, though.
Really?
I mean, again, Chrome, no one asks you to be here.
I'm the nice guy, I'm nice guy, Chad now.
What is up with that?
Just ignore the occasional random music hit because stream deck still has issues with sound.
President-elect Trump contended he need nothing about project 2025,
but several of his cabinet picks certainly does.
Nothing to say about that?
Oh, no, I don't. I mean, yeah, this is expected.
The big picture.
Trump has plucked a number of official straight from the pages of the 900 plus.
Can we please fix that?
Who's getting distracted now, Chad?
How is Chrome somehow balder?
What do you mean?
If anything, I've had to actually pluck a few hairs.
Please, my head, because I don't want like one or two Homer Simpsons going.
You should be so lucky as to have the regal massage of a Homer Simpson.
He's famously looks like a doofus.
You look like I'm a nice guy.
Shit.
Ignore the instinct to just attack Chrome.
This is how he gets attention.
I don't I would prefer just to comment on the news.
I, you know, I find these pics from President Trump very troubling.
I saw a joke I thought was funny.
What borders on the edge of stupidity?
Canada and Mexico are to argue against that right now.
I famously said, I think all American voters are fucking idiots.
Chrome, that is not the way to win an election in two years.
No, that's the new Democratic strategy.
Voters, it's your fault. You're fucking stupid.
And we ran a perfect campaign and you fucking dumbasses messed it up.
This is not a winning message.
No, this is the new populism.
You guys, you fucking dummies blew it.
Maybe go to school.
Good luck now because they're all getting burned by Linda McMahon.
I don't know if this new Chrome strategy is really going to work.
No, this is this is the tough love.
I love you guys, but you fucking are going to cause the world to get nuked
in a hellfire storm of stupidity.
You've broken the universe.
You, the American voter, I despise you and you're dumb.
New playbook.
I kind of like it.
I mean, I'm nice guy, but I do appreciate just the raw machismo of that.
Well, oh, wait, no, we don't have to care about gender anymore.
What said, it's fine.
We no longer care about identity.
You're actually in agreement with this plan.
Well, the new plan is throw all minorities under the bush
and hate voters.
I'm not hearing a disagreement.
Okay.
Can we please just do the news?
Anyway, Trump back to the back to the Republican Party.
Trump has plucked a number of official straight from the pages of the 900 plus
heritage foundation back blueprint, which laid out plans to dramatically expand
executive power and implement hardline conservative policies.
You're less and you're less into that plan.
Which part of crumbs plan?
Oh, the throwing minorities under the bus.
Well, that's TBD.
We're just consider all options are on the table right now.
Just to get a little insight into the
upper echelon of Democratic leadership.
Right now we have a big whiteboard and it says call voters, idiots, blame the left
and also become racist again.
And look, I'll be clear.
I've voted several times against become racist again, but it's getting really popular.
I mean, if you go back to like the 1930s, the Democratic Party was like
at the forefront of being racist as hell.
And I mean, sometimes you got to,
you just got to run the place back just to see what's working still.
And I can say all this now because identity politics are apparently dead.
Crumb, you're becoming worse than Munch.
Oh, no, Munch is racist.
When did crumbs start balding?
I think, well, kind of at birth.
I sort of was born bald.
Then I had a huge of hair, but only at 17 when I hit puberty.
For about two years, I had a thick mane of hair and then it just
got one night.
It fell out of my hair like Samson, but instead of my hair giving me power
and losing it made me incredible.
Crumb, this is you're making this all about you.
Well, you asked nobody asked.
I mean, I'm curious.
Aren't we trying to talk about Trump's cabinet?
Yeah, but I mean, the headline is that it's just it sucks.
The thing is with the news now is mostly it just sucks.
And it's like it's like really bad and it feels kind of like hopeless and scary.
So that's sort of that's sort of been the news lately.
But we are doing fine here in America case.
Nice guy chat spinning facts.
Look, I mean, things have never looked worse for us.
It even me can notice that it looked bad.
Who don't think great.
These are these things are true and it has not looked worse in a while, but also things are fine.
But very well said yet.
Come on, can you just get the fuck out of here?
Oh, no case is mad at me.
I've always been mad at you.
Well, listen to what you just said.
Anyway, most recently, Trump nominated Russ Vaught, an architect of Project 2025 to return as director of the Office of Management and Budget.
That's sort of like doge, but if it wasn't a dog office and also had any power.
Vaught is one of the roughly 140 members of the first Trump administration who were involved.
Jesus Christ.
All right, I'm going to fix it.
There's only one way to fix this and it's annoying, but this song playing every couple of seconds is starting to bother even me.
Hmm.
Stream deck.
Great to see you.
CV loves you.
We are back.
We're thinking we're back because we are back.
Okay, let's fix it, I hope.
Eh.
Okay, then we just reloaded.
And now it's all good.
Now it behaves.
Hmm.
But now I can't change out of this shot.
CLEAN.
Chat?
Sorry, I'm just checking the security of everything.
You're clear.
I think Craig showed up.
The rare Craig appearance.
Sorry, what the hell?
Chat, where are you?
It's me.
It's Craig.
I don't want to do the show with Craig.
I'm feeling it for chat rooms.
Changed you go to the bathroom.
Filling it for you.
I'm just going to get Chat back really quick.
This stream deck is not cooperating today.
I'm back from the bathroom.
How did Craig do?
He did great.
He honestly did great.
How good.
What a guy.
We have made no progress on this news story.
Well, that's the point is progress is over, Case.
There's no progress to be made.
Let's look at this cabinet.
Let's look at our starting lineup.
Can I get the fucking basketball starting lineup music?
Do-do-do-do-do-do-do.
But we need the real deal.
Let's look at this.
Okay.
Let's check out the starting lineup of the Trump cabinet.
Project 2025.
More like goddamn.
I feel alive with this incredible crew assembled.
Let's run through them.
Starting at Vice President.
It's Case Blackwell.
Congrats.
It's fucking JD Vance, obviously.
Exactly.
My point.
Coming in as Secretary of State.
The starting forward for Tampa.
Marco Rubio.
Yeah, I've got a treasure for you.
And it's this sexy fucking guy who's probably got no skeletons in his closet.
Scott Besant.
You love him from Fox News and White Power Tattoos.
It's Pete the Hagger.
Hexan.
She looks like a Fox News host as well, but don't be confused.
She's probably a lawyer.
It's Pam Bondi.
But people you haven't heard of like Doug Burgum, Brooke Rollins, Howard Lucknick.
Don't even think about him.
And of course, Laurie Chavez-Doremmer.
He's either one that is on Twitter and I think all of them are probably on Twitter chat.
Okay.
Get the worms out, y'all.
It's worm season.
The spice runs thick in this man's mind.
It's Robert F.U. Kennedy.
Junior.
Scott Turner.
He's starting to get excited because we don't know who the fuck they are.
We don't know who Scott is.
We play basketball together.
Sean Duffy, Chris Wright.
And another one, the big pick coming out of nowhere.
Your defense against the child ever learning everything again.
The wife of a rapist, Linda McMain.
Yeah, it is Vince's mom.
That's Vince McMain's mom.
It's his wife.
I think still his wife actually.
Stand by your man, but not too close.
He's dangerous.
Doug Collins.
Christie.
No.
That's it.
That one got people excited because she's an incredible lady.
Susie Wiles, don't know that.
Lee Zeldin.
I've heard of that one.
Seems like a good guy.
No, also a really terrible guy.
Oh, and also she was a Democrat.
But honestly, she was too hot to be a Democrat.
If you pass a certain threshold of hotness,
you have to become Republican.
We're excited to get AOC eventually.
It's Tulsi.
Come on.
And then no picks yet for here.
But this lady, Elise, John Ratcliffe,
who looks like somebody really fucked up
on their character creator for a madman RPG.
And then Russ Vaughn, who we don't even need to talk about.
Don't worry about Russ.
He's probably just a normal guy who has a normal plan.
No fault.
Staff picks.
Memet head.
No, I'm saying the Republicans get AOC eventually
because she is hot.
So she can't stay Democrat for too long.
It was sort of a compliment to AOC,
but also just sort of me being sexist.
But apparently we can, everybody can do that now.
It's a brave new world.
Sean Duffy was from Real World Boston.
Wait.
One of those staff picks is from the Real World?
Okay, we gotta look this up.
You know, I've been in China,
so I haven't been following up on the news as carefully.
It might have slipped under my radar
that they have a Real World transportation secretary.
Take that, Pete.
Sean Duffy on what the Real World taught him.
Oh my God.
Okay, wait. First, let's see a clip of him on the Real World.
On the next Real World.
This looks like the Real World Hawaii.
Is this your favorite part, Mike?
This is definitely my favorite part.
What do you do to Weston?
He and it. Keep yourself warm.
Rachel and Joe found these guys to be the funniest guys in the world.
Which was Sean Duffy?
Real World, tonight at 10.
I don't think Case clicked on the right thing, but...
It's sort of fascinating anyway, just seeing...
On the next...
Stop it.
An old Real World promo.
Oh, we're calling an expert in JD Vance vs. Crumb
on the subject of Project 2025.
Case, you gotta make that happen.
Okay, we'll get to that right after this.
I don't know, because I have Crumb as, I guess, conservative or something.
No, no, he's a Democrat.
Whatever that means.
Oh, okay.
Anyway, here's Sean Duffy on what the Real World taught him.
So listen, so a long time ago, I did reality TV.
Actually, I met my wife on reality TV.
We're the first reality TV couple in America.
What? The first?
We had three kids. We're expecting our ninth.
That doesn't sound right.
It's a unique show in that they take seven strangers
from wildly different walks of life.
Is he explaining the premise of the Real World right now?
They force them to live in a house together for six months.
And they have conflict. They have disagreement.
Because they don't come from the same experiences.
No.
And I was forced to live with people who are absolutely different
than me, six of them.
And what I realized...
And he's come around on that.
He's now down to make America as much as possible,
just one type of person.
Well, that's what his experience on the Real World taught him,
is when you stop playing nice and start being real,
you start deporting millions of people with the help of the military.
Was he a DEI reality TV show hire?
Yeah.
I'm just gonna say yes.
I really wish I could find clips of him on the Real World,
but it's...
Well, you know, I'm bad at searching for things,
and it's just all promos for the Real World.
Let's try one other. Let's try Sean Duffy,
Real World,
and Google,
and just see if someone's compiled it.
Sean Duffy, Real and TV's transportation secretary.
Oh, well, whatever.
I mean, there's a Fox News host.
Real World guy.
There's a wrestling CEO.
And if you are familiar with Vince McMahon,
Linda McMahon was closely associated with him, so...
People who say Idiocracy was a documentary are annoying,
but Idiocracy was definitely a documentary.
Well, we haven't got Camacho just yet,
but Camacho could be around the corner.
This whole cabinet was gathered from a TV guide.
It is an insanely Trumpy cabinet,
and I guess...
I mean, that does track as he's going to be the president again.
Live and sleazy coming through.
Okay, here's...
Here's, I'm assuming, Sean Duffy from the Real World.
I find the transportation secretary to be the most important position personally,
as Pete Buttigieg showed us by his various jubilee appearances.
So that's why I'm tracking this very closely.
This is the truth.
Strange.
Perfect.
Sean!
Whoa, look at young Sean.
I mean, say what you will about his politics.
Oh, look at that.
It's too blurry.
Look at that classic American man.
Hello, Sean.
Transport me back to your place.
Elevenhouse.
Five tapes.
Find out what happened.
Genesis!
Which one of these is his wife, mother of nine kids?
Maybe he met Cirrus there.
I like to imagine when he says, well, he said he met his wife, I guess.
But in my head canon, he married Cirrus and they adopted nine beautiful children.
Cyrus, sorry.
Things are getting very real.
Things are indeed not being polite anymore.
And I think we could use a little bit of politeness.
We moved on from that.
We've got to recapture the voters.
But once again telling them that they're idiots and assuring them
that we're cool with the jokes that various uncles are going to make it Thanksgiving.
Okay, I'm glad you're here, Crumb, because we do need you to talk to JD Vance about project 2025.
Here, let's do this first, though.
Watch a little video.
Let's see what MSNBC has to say about what's his face.
Vaught.
Does one of our dystopian leaders have to be named Vaught while the boys is currently still a show?
Does it have to be this way?
Yeah, it's fun.
It's fun that it's like art mimics reality TV, the real world.
Okay, well, let's see what MSNBC has to say about this Vaught guy.
Good morning, Saturday, November the 23rd, 58 days until Donald Trump's second inauguration
and much to discuss.
Why do they all sound so excited about that?
I think MSNBC, given that they seem like they're about to go out of business, sounds a little too excited.
Well, they're excited to finally be free of having to do MSNBC anymore.
Good morning about how that new administration is taking shape.
We've got nine new cabinet and administration picks.
All of them announced in the last 24 hours and just since last night among them,
Scott Besson, a billionaire hedge fund manager.
Oh, sick.
And a major Trump campaign fund.
So he knows about money, so we're in good hands, Scott.
Don't worry.
These are for Treasury Secretary Dave Weldon, a doctor and former congressman
who's endorsed the debunked idea that vaccines can cause autism to head the
Center's for Disease Control.
Well, didn't RFK also endorse that?
Isn't that kind of where his whole cabinet's at?
No, well, whatever.
Got Turner, a former pro football player and motivational speaker.
Oh, great.
So he's now announcing an urban development.
Well, it's not like there's a housing crisis, so he can just sort of skate
through off his football acumen.
Sebastian Gorka, remember him.
It's the really bad news when even Chet is aware of the contours of autonomous.
The Gorka one.
Gorka is, if anybody's unfamiliar with Gorka,
well, get ready to get more familiar at some point.
An urban development.
Sebastian Gorka, remember him?
A conservative commentator who's been accused of having ties to neo-Nazi groups
and who was forced.
He's only been accused of having those ties because he hangs out with them
and has those ties.
So in case you're wondering where the accusations are coming from.
Out of the first Trump administration as a top counterterrorism official,
but perhaps the most telling of Donald Trump's new appointments
and one of the most consequential is this man, Russell Vogt.
He's the co-author of.
Oh, it's Trump's vote.
I hope you're sitting down for this.
Voter die.
Project 2025.
He's going to lead the office of management and budget.
There was only a few months ago when Project 2025 was so toxic to the Trump's
presidential bid that he and the members of his campaign were forced to deny
any connection to it repeatedly.
Listen up, Jack.
He's like himself.
Post.
Microphone on 900 just now.
Yes, Mr. President.
Jam 500.
He'd taste the coins and I've been dying to say this.
By mask and sanitizer, wow, you can.
Bird Flu is set to make for another pandemic soon.
Oh, well that, I mean, you know, for running the Trump presidency back,
we got to have another pandemic.
I mean, we voted for this.
On true social quote.
I know nothing.
Also thank you microphone on 25.
I have no idea who's behind it.
I disagree with some of the things they're saying.
And some of the things they're saying are absolutely ridiculous and abysmal.
Anything they do, I wish them luck,
but I have nothing to do with them.
Well, that politically expedient lie was repeated by Trump campaign
officials so that the deeply unpopular project.
Here's our poll.
Who's your favorite new cabinet member?
Exclamation point.
Oh, is how you fill this out.
We can decide together on who we love as a new steward of our
golden age of America future.
2025 wouldn't derail Trump's presidential campaign.
But now that Trump has been elected,
he's freely appointing the architects of project 2025 people
who are already who already have deep ties to Trump to key cabinet
level.
I like God.
I mean, when you watch MSNBC, you can really see why it might go
out of business.
Okay, we got crack, smoke and dog, megatron, Jenna Jamison,
Gorka and the corpse of McCain.
That could be because there's still a couple positions to fill.
Council of economic small business US trade.
We could still get the corpse of McCain in there.
I think that because, you know, they used to have beef and if
they really want to scratch the beef.
Oh, it's a tie guys between megatron and Jenna Jamison.
I can understand why you couldn't pick between those two.
I mean, how could you?
Anyway, it's interesting watching MSNBC.
It's never like I disagree that in.
Well, that's not true.
They're like often in the vicinity of like an opinion I might
have, but God, it is like I find it almost just as hard to
watch as Fox News.
And also I just love the idea that if Trump had disavowed or
had not disavowed project 2025 that he would have lost.
I honestly think he could have been like, yeah, that's
what I'm doing.
I'm doing this project 2025 and most Americans would have
been like, what the fuck's project 2025?
Who cares?
And he would have won anyway.
I don't think that disavow was necessary for anything other
than getting the news to talk about it maybe slightly less.
But anyway, it's comforting to think that people would have
cared.
Let's see what else they have for us.
Well, posts.
Case in point.
The aforementioned Russell vote who was just announced last
vote as Trump's picked to be the director of the
Office of Management and Budget, a role that he held in
administration.
Vote is a prominent Christian nationalist.
He's considered a lead architect of project 2025.
He's the author of one of its key chapters, chapter two
about how to enhance the powers of the executive office
in large part by dismantling the administrative state
slashing budgets and eliminating the independence of
certain regulatory agencies.
He's also been in charge of preparing a secretive playbook
for the first 180 days of Trump's second term, which
involves overseeing executive orders that the incoming
administration could begin to implement on day one.
All of those plans are in service of making the powers
of the presidency yet stronger and more centralized
strength is good though.
And it is earned vote the backing of Trump and some
of his staunchest allies.
Stephen Miller praised vote as a transformative pick
for OMB director.
He also described vote as quote the guy for the last
four years who's been developing the plan to
take down the deep state.
Miller, as you know, is another supporter of project
21.
Okay, well look, we need to talk to JD Vance about this
apparently and crummy specifically we need crumb to
talk to JD Vance about this, which I guess JD do you
mind joining me?
Do you mind joining me over here at the desk?
You gotta get out of here.
What the fuck actually good because I got stuff to do.
You couldn't think of anything.
I'm busy off to fuck a popsicle.
That wasn't good.
You have to fuck a popsicle.
I have to do a busy.
I have to do something cooler than what I just said.
You got to get better at lying.
The brave new world where we all need to be lie a lot.
Oh great.
It's JD Vance.
Hello.
Good to see everybody.
Not.
I'll be honest, given how rude you are, it's not honestly
great to be here.
You know, it's actually kind of interesting to see you.
I feel like you've essentially disappeared.
No, no, no, no.
I mean, I'm very busy.
I mean, the campaign's over.
It was a long and hard fought campaign and you know me and
the wife are just resting up a little bit.
I mean, not that we're not staying busy, but you're
hiding from the cameras currently because you understand that
basically everyone in Trump's last cabinet that he picked got
fired within like six months.
No, that's not what I'm doing.
I know, I mean, I'm just respective.
That's what you're doing.
That's actually smart.
It is extremely smart to lay low in the Trump
administration until like the last two years when he
completely loses interest in what he's doing because I
suspect 90% of the people he works with closely, he's
going to fire.
Well, I support the president 100%.
I'm supporting him remotely.
I might become a streamer as well, actually, just so I can
really stream the progress that we're making.
And I'll and but it'll be a private stream and I will
not be in front of cameras as much as possible.
Forget it just would be there's really not much of a
need to think about me until four years from now and
really like the year leading up to four like three years
from now, three years from now, you're going to
suddenly hear from me a lot more probably streaming on
rumble Twitter and Trump pick a different VP before he
starts.
No, no, no backsies.
No, and what we won and everybody said I was such
an anchor on the campaign.
Well, more like an anchor in sports where that's good.
I understand from watching sports, which I care about.
Well, anyway, you're here to talk to crumb about
project 2025.
Who me actually?
Oh, what's that?
I'm Leonard Confucius crumb, a well known Democratic
figure.
Why is his frame rate so low?
Well, he's coming in remotely from the other room.
So that's what he looks like.
That's not like a there's nothing wrong with the
screen.
Well, yeah, I mean that is what he looks like.
Yeah, this I look fine.
I mean, JD, I don't think you or I should really be
criticizing anyone's appearance.
I've beautiful eyes that presidents had so
ceasefire between Lebanon and Israel has been
reached.
Whoa, wait, what?
I was told that I that wasn't going to happen.
You're upset about this.
No war is bad and I don't like it.
That is really good news.
Is that true?
Lebanon ceasefire.
Permanent ceasefire has been accepted says Biden.
Hard to trust the things Biden says.
Okay, well, there's another ceasefire I'd really
like to hear about.
Things.
This was like a war stacked on top of a different
genocide.
But I mean, I'll take whatever good news we
can get goes in effect at 4 a.m.
So what they're still going to kill people for
another like several hours.
You know, you got to like, you got to get the
last little bit out of your system.
It's like good by sex.
Okay, JD.
No.
Well, what did the president have to say?
Sorry, the I was only calm the former president.
He's currently president still.
Well, but to me the former president.
What did you have to say?
President Biden to make remarks about a
ceasefire deal.
Good news report from the Middle East.
Just spoke with the Prime Minister of Israel
and Lebanon.
I'm pleased to announce that their governments
have accepted the United States proposal
and the devastating conflict between
Israel and Hezboah.
I want to thank President Macron of France
for his partnership in reaching this
for nearly 14 months.
A deadly conflict raged across the border
that separates Israel and Lebanon.
A conflict that began the day after the
October 7th attack by Hamas and Israel.
Yeah.
It started on specifically that date.
There was no conflict before then and it
wasn't started by honestly who do we
even need to think about who started it?
Exactly.
In case you said it.
I don't agree with you often, but I think
the way you just said it is really beautiful.
I was being sarcastic, but the trolling
counts as reality.
So.
Hours later at 2 a.m. in the morning,
Hezboah and other terrorist organizations
backed by Iran attacked Israel and
supported Hamas.
Let's be clear.
Israel could not launch this war.
I just want the smile monster to just take me out.
Lebanese people did not seek that war either.
Nor did the United States.
Over the past year, including the
days immediately in October 7th,
I directed the U.S. military to flow
assets and capabilities into the region
including aircraft carriers, fighter
squadrons, and sophisticated air defense
battery to defend Israel and deter our
common enemy at critical moments.
Since the war with Hezboah began,
over 70,000 Israelis have been forced
to live in refugee...
Okay, I mean, whatever.
I'm glad that there's a ceasefire.
I can't listen to him talk about
anything to do with Israel without wanting
to just grow new veins in my neck to have
them pop out.
You don't have the vascularity to show any
vein in your neck, so good luck with that.
It will neither do you.
Well, but I never...
Actually, I've been working out.
The president showed me his fitness routine,
how he lost all that weight.
If anything, I've really been getting more
svelte.
Dilemma, thank you so much.
25 months supporting me, JD Vance.
No, that's for my stream.
No, I'm pretty sure that's part of the
JD's...
Nuts.
That's my new fan group name, JD's Nuts.
I just thought of that.
Whoa, that made me laugh!
It's not safe for you to turn that color, JD.
What do you mean?
We call that an Ohio tan.
When the blood goes to your head and you
become beat red.
I'm not saying that's not true.
I'm saying that's not true.
We need to stand.
When the blood goes to your head and you
become beat red.
Anyway, what am I here to talk about?
We're supposed to talk about Project 2025,
which I think is a deeply troubling
development and that the president
distanced himself from this,
but is now pulling in its architecture
including you, who I believe
wrote the forward or something to it?
Look, I've been forward with a lot of
different things and the point is
about jobs. This used to be a country where stuff got built. And my project for 2025 is
do it. Anything to say to that? What was he? I don't even know what he's talking about.
Well, what do you disagree with about project 2025? Shoot. Well, he's sort of reoriented.
We're sort of in a we're sort of in a we haven't really sorted out our VIN diagrams yet on my end.
We're in a restructuring phase of what we believe in here with the Democrats currently.
So while I can't at this time specifically say what I disagree with no fault divorce was that one
that you may be because that people bring that up. You have a problem with that.
Um, probably, probably do people like that? I think yeah, I mean, based on them voting for me and
Trump, I guess that doesn't matter. I'm gonna try to do it anyway. Stop laughing. It bothers me
when you get that read. I think we probably pass. I'll pass on that one. Okay. Well, here,
I'll just pull it up and you tell me what you disagree with. Project 2025 goals.
Let's see if there's just a neat little list of goals. Oh, come on. I want a list. Just give me a
list. Damn it. I can't seem to find an itemized number. I thought you've helped write this. Yeah,
but I mean, helping doesn't mean I'm like paid attention. Okay, gutting abortion access. You
got a problem with that. Oh, good. I think almost certainly we still are pro. I think we still are.
What do you believe in crumb? Well, I mean, I believe in the Democratic Party. So right now,
it's just again, we're just sort of restructuring. Oh my God. So you're not sure of gutting
abortion access is a problem. It's probably a problem. I mean, what more do you want me
to say? Okay, how about mass deportations? Well, we kind of supported that on the campaign
trail. So let me just say this, we would do it smarter. But also maybe we wouldn't look
TBD pass. Jesus crumb. Okay. Well, let's see. Abusing warrantless surveillance. Don't do
my voice. Abusing warrantless surveillance. Well, we've done that too. So that's we
can agree on that one. Oh, good. We're on the same page. Okay. Unleashing undue force on protesters.
Oh, well, that's also that is the thing we also did. A lot of Democrats did that too.
So if we're fine with that one, severely limiting voting access. Well, actually, I think maybe
we're on board with that because our new strategy is again, all you voters are fucking idiots.
So maybe nobody votes anymore. That boy would that be a brave new world? What are
you talking about? Well, look, we're just vibing up and we're seeing we're seeing where
we stand. Sensor and critical discussions in classrooms. Pass. Jesus crumb. Well, look,
you caught me at a bad time. We're unclear what our party is currently. What? Oh my God,
grow a spine. I am not sure where I stand on spines right now. What if some voters are
invertebrates and that's the new coalition? Just give me a minute. Okay. Rolling back trans
rights. I think I actually it seems like lately we're in we're down for that. We're really
down to throw trans people under the bus now. So I guess agree really really crumb. Look,
I'm not saying it's nice to agree. I'm saying, okay, it's actually more so let's just not
talk about it. We agreed to not we're just not going to talk about that anymore. You've
never looked like an ugly turtle to me. Well, look, you asked me to talk about this.
Technically, chat to. All right. So we're honestly, we're fighting a lot of common ground
here. I love reaching across the aisle like this. And that's all of her. That's the
whole thing. That's what we want to do. So I was like, there's no issue. It's
all issues crumb. You're fired not from my show, but from having any opinions I
agree with. No, it's just that I don't have opinions right now. There's I'm we're
surrounded by a mist of opinions. And our job as Democrats right now is to pick the
opinions that will maybe get us elected in in in in 2026 and then ideally in
2028. So I'm doing you a favor by having no beliefs currently. I'm a tabula
of potential racism. The American way. JD, no, thank you for being here. Well, no,
thank you for inviting me. I didn't even I just was walking through again. You
guys have a really good spread of Doritos. That's the only reason I stopped by.
And I'm sorry to get fired up because I do get fired up for this country.
You're fired. Oh, I'd be careful saying that. He will notice if you
start stealing his bits. He doesn't do that one anymore, though. Can I just
have I need something I need something for 2028, man, I got to do
something any crumb any advice. Oh, just wait it out. What you're doing right
now is really smart. It didn't quite work as well as you'd like for
Harris, but just keep a low profile until suddenly you don't. That is my plan.
So club is flirting with potential racism. No, I'm just saying. These are
crazy unprecedented times of Archangel. Thank you so much for the 22 months.
JD, get the fuck out of here. Don't I'm the president. You're the vice
president. That's so close. That's one word off. You cannot talk to me like
this. I think I can. I think you need to call the vice president
whatever you want. Famously, you're like the court jester. You just kind
of exist to eat the sins of the president and literally, you know, grip
his dumps and carry them to the bathroom for him. Not this time,
though. I'm going to do it cool. So just wait and see. Well, I'll
hang all of you are done hanging. Get out of here for now.
We've got other segments to get to. Damn it. Damn it all.
For some reason, my whole switchboard here has gone crazy.
Peter, what's going on with you? What? I'm in China, man.
You're in China, too. Yeah, I was in China, man.
Where do you think China is? I don't know. I went down the street.
And I think it was that's probably China where I was. No, I think
you just went to
anywhere. Yeah, but it wasn't here and you weren't here. So I
went where I wasn't. And that means I probably wasn't China.
Checkmate.
Hmm. Sheen. Sheen mail. Great to see you. Please stream five
hours. Five five hours. You know, I'm really hoping once I'm
in the new apartment, I can do longer streams because I won't be
interrupting other people's days as much. But today I do have to
move soon. So I probably need to make it through these four
segments that we have going and then get out of here. But
Sunday, I mean, we have to do an eight hour crumb stream soon,
which given crumbs recent attitude is going to be worse
than ever.
Yo, what's up with him? Is he having like a midlife crisis?
No, he's well past his midlife. Oh, he's just having like a quad
annual breakdown of beliefs, I guess. Oh, yeah. Every four years,
he completely deletes all his beliefs and tries to get new ones.
I get it.
What do you get about? I mean, I don't believe in anything
because I don't know what beliefs are. And I don't know
what words are. And I'm a creature of pure instinct. So
what did I just say? Okay, well, there's no point. Um, oh,
shit, do I have a meeting? Do I have a fucking meeting in for 10
minutes? Please take a work meeting on stream. Oh, shit.
Let's all go to the meeting.
It's like, could just take a 30 minute break and come back and
just raid somebody. I think I think I'll get fired. I think
it I well, they probably would never notice because I don't
think anyone from my job would ever watch this stream. Let
crumb take the meeting. Yeah, I know. I don't know how to
route the audio in a way where you guys wouldn't hear it. And I
do think that's it's too immoral even for me to just put
people on stream without their knowledge. So I think I have
to you know, maybe I take it on my phone. And I'll just
mute myself when I have to actually chime in about the
meeting. I think I just figured it out. A behind the
scenes with case black. Well, yeah, I'll pop into this meeting
using my using this. And we'll put on a movie. Do the meeting in
Pepito's voice.
Don't do my voice. I'll do the meeting.
Pepito, you can't your dog. I need I need this job. Do you
debateably? Okay, well, let's
let's send it to how to with Jeb because that's
technically the oldest one. It's the oldest request that
we haven't fulfilled. We'll see what we can get through in
eight minutes. And then I might have to like, throw on a video
to do a watch along with while I also somewhat listen to this
meeting. Mostly what I'm saying is it's gonna be great. It's
good to be back everybody. Not that I ever went anywhere. I
like to stay inside as much as I can. And my passport's been
revoked so I can't even leave the country. You know what I
mean, daddy? What? What happened in your passport?
It's I mean, I haven't applied for one again. So I didn't try to
get anything weird into the country.
Son, you need to get better at lying. Lying isn't just
saying you didn't do the thing that no one was asking
about. I didn't do the
I've never smuggled any artifacts into the country. You
did it again. Well, you're trapped in the wood. Oh my God, I am
in the whoa. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, because I'm dead.
Yeah, you're dead. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh my God. Yeah.
That's my father. He's dead. He's trapped in the wood. Let's
see what kind of stuff we could learn today. Live and sleazy is
very helpfully shared. The video, the top video to watch.
Let me see. I can't tell if it's linking to the middle of the
screen. We're going to watch high. How to drum on your chest and
make up music is what we're going to watch. We're going to
watch all three of these videos just to be safe because it's
loading to a page with several things on it. I think that's
probably the right one, but you know, I got to be careful.
Okay, well, etiquette. Oh, etiquette's the one. Okay. The
rules of etiquette. How to give money as a gift. Okay. You know,
right, your voice sounds weird. I'm fine. All right. How to,
there it is. Okay. Oh my God, there's some good ones. There's
some good ones before the etiquette one. But let's start
with the etiquette one because maybe we can get through it
before case has it. It's only a minute long. Wow, we're going
to learn all the etiquette we need to know in just a minute.
That's so exciting. Let's see what this lovely lady has to
tell us.
Can be the perfect solution for a gift. But this is how to
make it more personal. Sorry, let's turn it from the top.
Money can be the perfect solution for a gift. But this is
how to make it more personalized. Hi, I'm Hazely Lopez,
Director of Hazely Academy of Refinement and Modeling. And I'm
here to talk to you about how to give money as a gift. Of
course, you have heard about gift cards, gift certificates,
and so on. Well, you can do that. Or you can use a
personal check or another check. Or you can also use cash.
You can just put it in an envelope in a nice
stationery. Oh, no, what's happening? Personal information
like just a personal touch about a thought or anything you
want to say. I have a great trip or we're going to miss you
or congratulations on this new baby. She'll make it very
warm and sensitive to that person. Also, you may want to
think about that if that person is going on a trip, you
might want to think about a traveler's check or they're
having a baby putting some money or a check inside a bottle.
That may be something nice and it can make it fun and
creative. I'm Hazely Lopez, Director of Hazely Academy of
Refinement and Modeling. And remember, a gift is always nice
as soon as you as long as you give it from your heart.
Is she? Is this real? Have you ever won? This one's so
much louder. Let's see what else. I want to see one more
from Hazely. I just need to get a better sense of her. Really.
I mean, I feel like I also have no note skimer. But let's I
just I'm curious about her style. So I can't relate not
that I can. I don't relate to the way she's speaking or
nothing about what she's. Oh my God, you learned the long
wrong lesson from that video. No, I'm just I let's watch
one more. Wonder what to serve in a balloon glass. Well,
certainly not balloons. Hi, I'm Hazely Lopez from
Hazely Academy of Refinement and Modeling. And I'm here to
talk to you about how to use a balloon glass. Well, let's
start by knowing what is a balloon glass. It is this
glass right here and it is hold with your middle fingers
in the hand. You just put it all the way up and
brandy is served in this class. Basically, the reason for
that is because you want to keep the the temperature of
the brandy warm in here and then you just shake it. It
has a wide open mouth so you can actually smell it and
then of course drink it. And basically, it's really
comfortable. It's a little bit more tighter, different to
the actual wine glass. It's a little bit taller as you
can see. And you can actually also know that with a
wine glass, you hold it down in difference once
again, that we can see with the balloon glass, you
hold it like this. Alright, so now you know what to
do with a balloon glass. I am Hazely Lopez from
Hazely Academy of Refinement and Modeling and
always remember to know your silverware, know your
manners and know your things and you'll be of
great success.
Okay, well, she's picking up steam.
Mom.
Check it. I'm going to give her the quick. These are
all from 16 years ago, unfortunately. So I don't
know if if Hazely still well, I how is still
uploading stuff.
Have you ever money?
Hazely, are you still at this? Where's the last
Hazely video? Because she still it looks like she's
still kind of kicking it. Yes, she can. She's still
in business in Tampa. Yes, she's got videos all
over the place, but they're not camera facing
anymore, unfortunately. She might have given up
on camera facing videos. And that kind of
makes me sad because I felt like I found a
kindred spirit. A lot of good stuff there,
though.
Oh, Hazely.com. Wow. Okay, case case is telling
me that I have to join his meeting. So I was
gonna I got I'll have this meeting in this
year and the rest in this year. So I'm
going to be loaded up. Wow, meet Hazely.
Look at this, everybody. Still going
look at her. She's got so many interests.
Boxing. Oh, yoga. I thought she was I thought
she was training to be like the ring girl
or something. The girl from the movie, the
ring. Wow. Oh, am I developing a
parasocial relationship in real time? I
just want to know everything about
Hazely. That's so wrong. Yeah, for you.
Yes. Yeah. I don't like that. Stop the
chip. Oh, yeah. I'm not allowed on a
kind of kind of just how you are. That
does make sense. Okay, I'm going to pop
into this meeting real quick. Let's see
how it goes. Can I even do it? Okay, here
we go. Okay, I mean, let's do some how
to's while this is going on. Go watch
Catwoman, Jeb. Like the movie? Just put
on Catwoman? I mean tempting. What kind
of material do you think Hazely's mom
is trapped in? That's a really good
question. I'd like I love to think about
that. For me, I feel like her mom's in
something softer and more elegant. Like
a cream? Maybe her mom's trapped in a
cream? What? You know, like a bowl of
cream? Ew, what? I think Hazely's mom
I'm probably I already got a pet name for
her in a tally. Jeb, stop this line
of these of thinking immediately. As
your father I forbid you to keep
thinking about Hazely. But I am thinking
about her. Yeah, I bet you're my better
mom's in some cream. Okay, I'll stop
thinking about her. All right, let's
learn. Let's learn how to bind a
cravat. How to tie a cravat.
Good to see you, psych-war. Hello and
welcome to Video Joke. The cravat is
still a popular choice of neck wear,
especially as a change from the
usual tailored tie. We have come to
Savile Row, the home of bespoke
tailoring to top London tailors,
Richard Anderson, to show you how to
wear a cravat. We did watch this. We
did. Spoiler alert. You just kind of
tie it and stuff it into your shirt.
You're wondering this from this
meeting is going great. Well, stuffed
alligator. This is eight minutes.
That's perfect for this meeting that
I'm on. Let's watch this. BBQPitBoys.com.
Today we're cooking up an alligator on
a grill. Whoa, can I show this? I think
maybe I can't watch this. I think I'm
going to bail for the sake of the
viewers, actually. So it's a little
more explicit than I was expecting.
Should I skip forward to where there
is an alligator corp? I'm going to
skip past the alligator corpse. Oh,
God, okay, I can't show you guys
this. You can watch it, but I think
it's too violent. Okay, hmm. Wow, there's
a lot of good ones in here. Okay,
Fourth of July Heritage Loaf. Let's try
this one. Yeah, here we go. Well, this is
a Fourth of July Heritage Loaf. This
doesn't feature an animal corpse
getting stuffed. Well, it might, but in
a less explicit way. Welcome to the
Cramp TV kitchen. Tonight we are
featuring a festive holiday dish,
which is a traditional favorite in
Newark and sure to delight your entire
family. Fourth of July Heritage Loaf.
Begin by coating the inside of a large
shallow casserole dish with cramp
easy-loo brand vegetable shortening
and place in your refrigerator to cool.
So while the first casserole dish is
cooling, take a similar casserole dish,
coat it with cramp easy-loo brand
vegetable shortening and place it in an
oven which has been preheated to
350 degrees. Next, peel and core a large
Rome apple. Covering so many bowls in
lube. Yeah, show us how you cut. Insert
the peel into the hollow center and
coat the entire apple with cramp easy-loo
brand vegetable shortening. Now roll the
apple in a half and half mixture of
sifted flour and breadcrumbs and set
aside. Spread a half cup of leftover
mashed potatoes on the palm of your
right hand. Oh, this is how much there's a
place an onion in the center and clench
your hand into a fist while moving your
fingers from side to side to coat the
onion evenly. Dip your hand in a bowl of
ice water and open it quickly so that
the onion floats to the top. Now bring
out the casserole that was cooling in
the refrigerator and into it drain off
the water. Set the onion aside. Return
the casserole to the refrigerator to
cool. Take the apple which we
cored earlier and cut it in half. Yeah,
she and me, you gotta be careful. Remove
the apple from the core and fasten it
with toothpicks around the outside of
the apple. What is happening? This is the
video. This is a visual version of one of
those hulled, haze-le-lee video. Cover with cramp
easy-loo brand vegetable shortening and
set aside. Pit a half dozen black olives
and a half dozen Bing cherries. This is
very loom chef. Is this adults one?
Insert the olive pits into the pit of cherries.
It's a good job though. They did a good job.
Then insert the cherries into which we
just inserted the olive pits into the
pitted olives. Remove the cool casserole
from the refrigerator and into it place
the stuffed olives. Return the casserole
to the refrigerator once again to cool.
It's from the groove too. Take the apple we
prepared earlier and discard the peel.
We still gotta see the whole thing. You
know what, I disagree with all of you. I think this is real. Place the apple in the
casserole which is now in the
refrigerator. Next bring out the casserole
which was originally in the oven and is
now in the oven and place it on the
table. This is just how you cook if
you're busy. Coat your hands with cramp
easy-lube brand vegetable shortening and
knead the contents of each at the same
time. This honestly though is not far off
from this arrow. Poor equal amounts of
each casserole into two eight inch bread
pans and let stand overnight. And now
here is our finished 4th of July
heritage loaf which we prepared last
night in our cramp TV kitchen and
is now ready for the table. Beautiful.
Spread a layer of cramped, very foam
whipped cream substitute between the
loaves. And now it's looking kind of good.
I'm a sucker for fluff. For a special
4th of July holiday treat, decorate with
a miniature version of old glory. You'll
smile with pride as your family enjoys
cramps 4th of July heritage loaf. I mean
no notes. Whether we realize but I'm not
convinced it's not real. I think that's
just how you cook that. Oh God how to do a
mail-pressed examination. So how to wear
eyeliner for men. Okay this could be useful
for case. Let's learn how to wear eyeliner.
I gotta keep playing these while I'm in this meeting.
Hi I'm Ava Bell International Fashion
Maker Fartist. You can see my work at
avadashbell.com. Today I'm going to show
you some of the tricks of the trade
and some of my makeup secrets. Okay
today we are going to do a rock star
eyeliner. So working with eyeliner on a
guy they may not have ever worn makeup
before on their eyes. So you want to be
really careful when you're going into
that delicate area especially when you're
working on the waterline. It's pretty
basic you just need to looking down
for me. Get lots of product right into
the lash line. Today I'm using a
MAC Coal Pencil in Smolder. It's quite
waxy. Wait how are you doing this? I'm just
up penciling it. So it's going to blend out.
A few options with your eyeliner you can
either go for that really smudgy look and
just let it move as much as you want.
Kind of gives that. I've been playing rock band all night
and sweating on stage and that kind of
look. Or you can actually powder over it
with a black to keep it in place. So you
can see it's not being very neat here.
Just getting the product on there. I'm getting
double the content right now guys. I'm hearing a
really hot meeting while this is playing.
When working on the waterline you want to
be really careful and it's important to
gain your models trust. So you're
going to give them a little bit of a
countdown just so they know that there's
an end point otherwise eyes can start
to get a bit twitchy and also they
can start to water. So just want your
model to be nice and relaxed. Hand on
shoulder is always good and looking up
for me and I'm just going to count down
from three. I'm going to work backwards.
Three, two, one, breathe. It's okay.
That wasn't too bad. And going again.
The waterline you just want to work
quickly and efficiently because if you're
sort of jabbing around in there they're
going to freak out and you're going to
get watering eyes. If you do get
watering eyes you need your model to
just do a quick sniff back and pull
those tears back into those tears up.
That's the fault. That's what you don't want to be
running all over your makeup.
Okay, just going to put that out again.
I know, no, uh, electro. We haven't done it yet.
You're looking down.
That will be right after this.
Okay, so I've just finished off the other eye.
I've used lots of product and just smudged it out.
I've left it unpounded so that it
moves around a bit and looks like he's
been playing on stage all night in his band.
And that's how to do rockstar eyeliner, guys.
I would be weeping.
Whoa, that's a good look.
That's pretty hot, honestly.
Makeup tips for men.
Oh, more makeup tips.
A Mexican seafood cocktail.
Okay, I'm just going to roll into these
until this meeting's over.
Welcome back, guys. Welcome back to foods
that go good with beer.
Today we're going to be making one of my
favorites, a Mexican seafood cocktail.
Made of raw oysters and clams.
I first had these in Mexico a few years ago
at a Rollside Foucart.
And I've been enjoying them ever since.
It's simple and easy to make.
Tastes out of this world.
And it goes...
It's just screaming in this here.
Fantastic with beer.
I need to get started.
I need to get a fucking clothes jab.
The first items we're going to need
are live oysters and clams.
If you're not into raw seafood,
you can use boiled shrimp, clams,
squid, or octopus.
Up to you.
Here we have our oysters and clams
shucked.
Now, it's very important that when you
shuck them, you want to do the best you can
to catch all the juice inside them.
Those juices are going to add a lot of flavor.
Not a flattering shot.
Now, the rest of the ingredients that we will need
are chopped onions, chopped cilantro,
chopped tomatoes,
the lime juice, sliced avocados,
tapatillo, hot sauce,
and clamato juice.
Now, in Mexico, they gave me a lot of the juices
from the oysters and clams and tomato puree.
Instead of using clam juice and tomato puree,
we're going to be using clamato juice.
The taste is pretty close.
Now, we are ready to assemble our cocktail.
Make sure everything is chilled in the refrigerator
until you're ready to serve.
I'm using a plastic cup, like they served it
to me in Mexico.
If you want, you can use a fancy margarita glass
or wine glass or any glass you want.
Try to be authentic.
We'll first add our shellfish.
Oh, really include this part, please.
Include all the stringy clam moments.
Well, we cut the audio.
As you can see, I was able to catch a lot of the juice
from the clams.
I can see.
It adds so much flavor.
So try to catch as much of it as you can.
Add the tomatoes.
Add the onions.
Add the cilantro.
Whoa. What is the liquid part?
Just the clam juice?
Oh.
Our clamato juice.
Clamato.
OK.
Tapatillo hot sauce.
A little dash of wine.
Am I going to have to drink this?
I feel like I need to make.
I feel like I need to know.
And the avocado slices.
The recipe isn't set in stone.
You can add as much of each ingredient as you like.
You want it spicier.
Add more tapatillo sauce.
If you don't like raw seafood,
use boiled seafood, like shrimp.
So there you have it.
Mexican seafood cocktail.
I can honestly see that tasting.
Hope you guys give it a try.
Good would be a stretch.
But if it tasted like tomato and hot sauce.
State thirst to my friends.
Yeah, I'd go with 90% lime maybe.
Whoa. OK.
This is fascinating.
How to inflate a condom using your nose.
It's a shorty but a goodie.
Step instructions on how to, you know,
do some dirty garbage with a condom
and blow it up with your nose on your head.
First thing you want to do is stretch the rim out
so it gets a little elasticity to it.
And I'm going to need a volunteer that doesn't hear your camera.
So if you want to put that stuff on that table.
I'm not seeing it.
You said you would just pull up the table.
Hook your nails into it.
Just use your fingers.
It's a two person job.
Go ahead.
You're in charge of the back of my head.
And what I'm going to do is I'm going to slowly
put my head in there and like move it around.
Oh my God!
Yeah, to my nose.
Very slowly though because we don't want to break it.
I thought you were blowing it up with your nose.
I am.
She is.
Slowly.
Okay, really slow.
So don't break it.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
This is not what I expected.
Oh my God.
This is like a really...
Oh my God!
Oh, is this a Howie Mandel bit?
Why are your hands in there?
Can I see Howie Mandel bit us?
It's like a Snoopy costume.
Turn to the side.
She's the burden from Snoopy.
Yes!
Yes!
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
I don't know if it gets so big.
Wow.
I didn't know...
Hey guys, Chris Fix here and today I'm going to...
I didn't know they got that big.
I'll be real.
I didn't know.
Okay.
I'm just going to search the Howie Mandel one.
Oh, he did it with a glove?
Let's see the classic version.
No.
Oh yeah, he had hair.
All right, just keep it.
Yeah, it's like wood.
This is probably going to look more like wood stock.
I got another one.
Okay.
Okay.
Is it over your nose?
Yes, it is.
Okay, now hold the rim tight so air doesn't get up.
All right.
And blow out your nose.
Do you have a cold?
No.
Okay, good.
Am I doing it?
I can't see you.
Whoa.
This is great, man.
This is my job.
Howie, thank you.
Really?
This is great.
You know, my daughter is thank you too, man.
This is great.
Are you getting it?
You're not getting it.
Honestly, I think the condom lady did that.
Anyways.
They do it here too?
Oh, I'm being called on one sec.
Watch this.
I'm doing ventriloquism.
Ventriloquism is good.
I don't have an act yet, but I'm trying.
I mean, the technique is really hard.
It looks easy and I wanted to...
Shouldn't you master the technique before you take it out?
You're right, so that won't bring it out?
No, but that's what I'm doing.
I'm working on it now.
I'm not doing it in the theaters or anything,
This is national television.
It's okay.
We're all friends.
Let me get...
Can you bring my puppet out?
Can you bring my...
Because I'll just try it.
If it doesn't work, it doesn't work.
They can turn to CNN.
Yeah.
Here, this is...
Oh, man.
This is...
Let me get it.
That's okay.
Make a quick sordy over to the trunk.
All right.
I don't have an act yet, but I'm just...
Let me just try.
Try to...
What you do is the illusion is just stare right at the mannequin.
Don't really look at me.
Okay.
Hi.
Hi.
How you doing?
See that?
That is a real technique.
You're much better than I am.
Sir Squirrel?
Sir Squirrel?
I'm fine.
What's your name?
Sir Squirrel?
What?
I've just seen how...
You know what?
You'll find that the L's and the P's are really hard to say without moving your lips.
Hey, he's the host.
Don't hit him.
Let's do what I want.
Hey, you can't do what you want.
You're the dummy.
Isn't that a good joke?
I got tricks too.
I'm learning the standard.
Here, let me give you a glass of water.
Watch this.
Glass of water.
Watch this.
Okay.
I can drink water and sing a song at the same time.
Watch this.
This looks real, man.
I know.
It's amazing.
I made it myself.
I stopped drinking.
Happy that day.
I stopped drinking.
What do you do?
It's the kind of talent that once you get the hang of it, there's no stopping it.
How are you going to help me?
I can actually eat something.
Actual camera.
Give me something to eat.
Look at this.
I can eat.
I can eat something to this.
I actually eat something.
What?
What?
One more time?
That's like...
That's brilliant.
By me?
That's brilliant.
You have to...
I'll be honest.
I think we got to finish it.
I made this puppet.
I'll tell you something.
When you actually work...
I'm sorry.
I don't know what...
I just make it.
Put it in.
You made it.
When you act...
Oh, baby, baby, baby.
No.
It's a tough art form for intellectualism.
It really is.
You want to try it?
Put your hand up his butt.
No, I'm going to pass.
This is how we man down.
And that's the dummy.
We're back with another video.
That's how we man down.
This one...
Sorry.
I just saw a tutorial for popping out your eyeball.
I think we have to watch it.
But content warning, this is going to be gross as shit.
So since my first video came out of the whole eye-popping talent, I guess you've
been getting some questions.
How do you do that?
Is that dangerous?
Of course it's dangerous.
Naturally.
It causes eye allergies and...
Don't do it.
...sacrifice your eye, sort of from your eye socket.
It causes all sorts of irritation.
But you know, you get used to it.
It's for the benefit of entertainment.
All right?
So you wanted to know how I got it done in six months.
I used fingers.
Fingers.
All right?
I don't know.
I haven't mastered the left eye yet.
That's what we're going for.
Take whichever two fingers you want to go with.
All right?
Oh, God.
Oh, God.
I...
Close up there.
You kind of pull your skin back.
Oh, no.
I don't like this one.
So kind of moves back from your eye.
I made a mistake clicking on this.
You start to press forward with your eyeball.
All right?
So it's kind of moving in there.
Kind of bulges out a little bit.
All right.
Now you're going to be doing this and kind of, you know, stretching your...
Skin, you always want to do it in front of a mirror so you know what the hell you're doing.
Oh, God.
Then you pop your eyeball out.
Sort of flex it.
Muscle memory.
Okay.
And because I haven't mastered this eye yet, causes a lot of irritation and stinging.
Yeah, it's not supposed to happen, man.
Once you get down, all that shit goes away.
But for now, it waters up.
Your vision will start going black.
About, I don't know, 10, 13, 15 seconds into it, whatever.
And then you'll pop it back in.
But once it's all said and done, it's a great party trick.
And you don't, you know, you don't abuse it.
He's like me.
He's an immediate two starter.
Oh my God.
Once it's all said and done, you can do it on demand.
Oh.
But yeah, as a Viet, I haven't been able to get this one going.
So, oh, man.
You wanted to know how I got practice and there it is.
All right?
Signing off.
Oh no.
Wasn't, honestly, I thought it might have been worse than that,
but that was still really gross.
Okay, let's learn how to do a male breast examination as a palate cleanser.
This will calm us all down.
Everybody settle down.
Here's a male breast examination.
Do the breast examination.
First of all, we will do the inspection.
Whoa.
Inspect the breast by arms by the side of the body.
Then arms raised, arms on the hip and applying pressure on the hip by bending forward.
Now in the breast, check out the position.
Check out the displacement.
See the size and shape.
Check out any puckering or dimpling.
If any ulcer is present, check it out for its size, shape, surface,
or check it out for any swelling if you see.
I can't tell what you're saying.
There's too many noises in my ear.
See the color of the skin and the texture.
So, I'm really just looking at this right now.
Any dimple retraction or puckering if seen.
Do you see any pseudo-orange skin?
Do you see any anguished veins?
If you see any nodules, check it out for any ulceration or the fungus.
In nipples, see whether the nipples are symmetrical.
Here in this case, you see this nipple is enlarged.
Whether one nipple is destroyed or both are destroyed,
nipple is retracted.
See, everybody, this is the only shot.
Check it out.
Check out the nipple position, their number, their size, and the shape.
Check it out for any surface.
Do you see any cracks or fissures or any eczema or any discharge over the nipples?
Check it out for ariola, its color, its size, shape, surface, and texture.
Check it out for arms and thorax, axilla, and supraclavicular fosas.
Now, palpation has to be done in sitting position, in semi-recommanent position.
And while palpating, you should palpate in normal breast first.
Palpation should be done with this part, with the fingers, not with the palm.
This way.
If you see any lump, divide the breast into the four quadrants, four equal quadrants,
and tell the position of the lump where it lies.
If you see any lump, check out for the local temperature and tenderness.
The temperature has to be measured with the back of hand, with the normal scale.
Check it out for any tenderness.
Situation where the lump is situated, which quadrant is situated, what is the number of lumps?
No one does it look healthy.
The shape and size and surface, its margin and consistency.
No touching involved, I'm just finding a few concerning elements here.
Check out the fixicity to the skin, fixicity to the chest wall, and fixicity to the nipple.
After that, you palpate all the lymph nodes.
How much is left?
Almost done.
Lymph node, maybe, of pectoral group, subiscapular, supra-clevicular, brachial, center group, and apical group.
Okay.
Immediately went to algebra basics.
Okay, okay, okay.
I'm still somehow on this meeting.
It's supposed to have been over for 15 minutes.
So let's learn the best Filipino pancit recipe.
This is a nice seven minute one.
Hopefully this meeting will be done at some point during this.
Angela here, and today I'm bringing you guys another Filipino favorite.
We're going to be doing something that's found in every Filipino potluck.
Ponsit.
Let's get it.
Ponsit.
Let's go.
Let's whip up some noodles, shall we?
Let's go.
I'm going to eat it with my head.
I'm a popular one.
It's easy to eat and it pleases really any taste palette.
And since it's rice noodles, it is gluten-free.
So all my gluten-free people, this Filipino recipe is for you.
The thing I like about Ponsit is that it's just like a vegetable stir-fry.
You can add whatever vegetables you like.
Here are some of the standards.
I got, I got some cabbage.
So we're going to dice up some cabbage.
Onion.
We're going to peel our carrot.
Can I add like how like ridiculously gigantic this carrot is?
That sticks.
And I have some celery.
Again, you could add literally whatever vegetable you want.
Green beans, bell peppers, mushrooms.
Okay, we're going to need half an onion.
I'm going to add a whole thing of garlic.
Most recipes and I think it's so funny.
They'll be like add two pieces of garlic and I'm like two.
You mean five.
So in Filipino cooking, the more garlic, the better.
You know, you love a person is when you really give them all the garlic you have in your disposal.
If you're dating someone and you notice they're only putting like the directed amount of garlic in the recipe.
They don't love you.
Now for the meat part of the punsit, you don't have to add meat.
You could totally make this super vegetarian and vegan if you want.
How I grew up with it was always chicken.
We always added chicken to our punsit and you can cook chicken for the punsit or you could do this little life hack.
Get the $5 chicken from Costco.
This is the biggest time saver and we're just going to rip up some of that chicken breast and put it in our punsit.
Trust me guys.
I feel like every time you go to a Costco, you have to get at least one of these chickens.
Thanks, Mike.
Seriously, like this is $5.
You cannot beat that.
It's a little hard when it's like cold already, but whatever.
It's just a case and press it.
And then you're just going to peel off some of the chicken.
Alright, time to make the punsit sauce.
That's what we like to call billable hours.
Chicken stock, if you're making this vegetarian or vegan, go ahead and use vegetable stock, vegetable broth.
Two tablespoons of dark soy sauce, tablespoons of regular soy sauce, one tablespoon of oyster sauce.
Here's everything you'll need for the punsit that we've prepped and gone ready.
It's time to cook.
We got our trusty wok here.
We're going to turn on the fire on high heat.
We're going to wait until the wok gets hot.
It's going to get hot super fast.
We're going to add some oil.
And here we go.
Here goes our onions and garlic.
Oh my God, we're in.
We want to keep moving it.
Quick-fogs pay with the onions and garlic alone just so that the aromatics will come out.
And in goes our vegetables.
And we'll want to kind of cook it until they get a little bit soft.
You could kind of see that it's kind of getting soft.
You guys didn't share a completely disgusting video with me.
We're going to scrape down all our vegetables.
And we're going to pour our sauce in.
Make sure you get all our sauce in there.
You want to get our entire package of noodles pretty much submerged in there.
Don't be afraid.
Fried noodles.
You can see it's starting to get, you can see that it's starting to get soft.
Okay.
You'll make sure every noodle has been touched by that sauce.
We're going to add our chicken.
I'm going to wait until the liquid reduces.
And then I'm going to start stirring it up and really stir frying the noodles with the vegetables.
And then we're ready to serve.
All right, our noodles are reduced.
Majority of the liquid is gone.
I am going to incorporate the chicken.
And I think it's pretty much done.
Okay.
Well, nice.
It's eye for the delays and me reacting things.
I just, you know, sometimes when case needs help, I have no choice but to help them.
I didn't notice actually, it's just sort of nice.
Just watching videos without you constantly blabbering between them.
Do you support me or not?
I don't know.
I'm in the wood.
That's true.
I don't know what standards of fatherhood you have to live up to.
The wood standards.
And I don't know what they are.
Hmm.
Well, we covered a lot of ground today.
We learned a lot of things.
I'm excited to make a Mexican seafood cocktail and to wash it down with an actual normal,
well, to eat a normal meal and wash it down with that, I guess.
I'm going to be some pants.
I got back in that kitchen soon.
But hey, weren't on the street is might be a brand new kitchen.
Excited for that.
Excited to hang out with all of you.
Excited to do a meeting for case.
A lot of valuable input from me, Jeb.
And don't worry if you're worried about ever taking a meeting on stream.
Well, it's actually just a simple trick and you're never too old to learn a new trick.
Bye-bye.
The Herod is low for dessert.
I'm not sure if I quite picked up on how you make the heritage love.
Not sure if it was fully clear to me.
What fully goes into the heritage love, but I'll just watch it back and then we can make it.
Okay, we have a couple more segments to get through.
Exciting stuff.
I'm still here, by the way.
What's behind me?
Oh, look, it's project 2025 right behind me.
Get the fuck out of here, JD.
What? I'm just picking up Doritos and I'm hanging out with project 2025, which happens to be right behind me.
You've... well, here enough from you in the future, I'm sure.
You promise? Because I promise that you will always be hearing from me forever.
Favorite... we do have a question.
Favorite Dorito, JD?
Mmm... Cheeto?
It's a special flavor that only I get.
You have to be in the know to get a Cheeto flavored Dorito.
No follow-ups, JD.
I don't have a follow-up.
You're not curious how I get them?
Nope, no follow-ups.
Fine.
Nobody's curious how I get Cheeto flavored Doritos.
I'm not.
Alright, see you later then.
Bye.
Couch flavored.
Shit, that was right there and I didn't even say it to him.
Yeah, but I heard it.
And that flavor's good too, so fuck you.
Shoot, I meant to not curse.
Apologize to my grandma.
Much love.
Let's go amongst the web.
I don't know who's hosting this today.
I didn't see a request for it and that's fine.
Dealer's choice.
Let's find them.
Whoa, funnel web, thank you for the 25 months.
Let's see what's happening amongst the web.
And thank you, funnel web, for having an appropriate username.
As I said, into the segment.
Okay.
I hear somebody call for Garve.
Yeah, yeah, I'm thinking that can happen.
Good to see you all.
Good to see each and every one of you beautiful people.
You there.
You there.
You there.
You way back there.
I love you.
What's up man?
Hello Garve.
It's great to be here.
Simple world man.
Time's getting crazy, not for me.
Time's been going crazy long time.
Never find a time not like that.
I'm gonna find that whisper willow in the Sunday best,
but never went to church till that night is said no more.
What?
Nothing.
Who's that guy?
Don't worry about him.
JD Vance, more like J off onto a couch.
Wow, well when a joke's good it's good.
That is a good one.
You killer good work.
That's pretty good.
Okay, what's going on?
And then what's the webs?
I don't know, I don't know, the phone.
I have a tablet.
That's great, I'm glad you have a tablet.
Yeah, I don't have a phone, I have a big old tablet.
It does get calls.
I have to keep it on a really big, like a really big pager loop on my belt.
Full tablet.
Kind of makes me feel like I got like a tactical piece of equipment.
You know?
Alright man.
Yeah.
Alright.
Let's start from the bottom.
Whoa, there's a bunch you missed.
Where the hell have you been man?
China.
Man, I've been, I've walked there before you know.
I've actually been all over this world.
Done backpack.
Yeah, that ocean ain't no ocean to me.
It's the backpack trail that's wet.
You know, that's where I fucking walk around that ocean with the boats kind of walking.
If you walk on the boat that's like walking on the sea.
What do you want to watch?
I know there's a lot of, let's see what this guy's up to.
Whoa.
This is an Alabama fraternity member.
They get pretty wild.
Let's see how wild.
Damn, that's a type of guy.
That's a vibe right there.
Let's see that again.
Damn man, that's a classic bar guy.
People love that guy.
What guy is that?
The guy who films, old guy at the bar just films young ladies.
Every bar needs one man.
That's a classic guy.
And people love that guy dude.
You need that guy at a bar.
Sorry.
You need that guy at a bar, man.
Setting the vibe right, you know?
You know you're a hot-eared thing when a guy that looks like this films you without your consent.
Money moves.
That's a straight 333.
Snake eyes.
That's not what snake eyes is.
Snake eyes.
Give it up to a man.
I'm a frat.
They go hard.
Alright.
1987 Marvel Comics Parade Float.
Man, what a time to be alive.
87 man, the peak, baby.
The high water mark for America.
Let's see how we were doing back in the day, baby.
ZE.
Happy Thanksgiving everybody.
The sun is up 55 degrees.
What a great day for a maybe-day Thanksgiving break.
Hello, and you're gonna look at right now is a comic book spectacular cup of light.
It's the super city of the Marvel Universe.
Why is this mic so low?
It's a Marvel Entertainment Group.
They did Tiny Mic back then?
I thought that was the TikTok bit.
Look at those shoes.
Those are huge.
Why is it playing the back to the future music?
Is that allowed?
I like it, man.
I love collaboration.
Yeah, they're collaborating, alright.
He just nuked Magneto up.
Damn, he just fucked Magneto up.
You see that?
He just witnessed a murder.
Oh my God.
Oh, get butt naked, man.
Jesus.
Take that cup.
Robocop.
Why is Robocop?
It used to be in Marvel, I guess.
It's really tracking a narrative here.
The story of Captain America.
This Robocop is hiding in a building.
Whoa!
The Hulk.
That's the Eric Bannett Hulk.
That's the earlier Hulk.
That's pre-Mark Ruffalo.
You know, they changed the design.
Oh, are they hugging?
Okay, are they about to have Captain America overpower the Hulk?
Yes!
1987. What a year, man.
That was beautiful.
That was one of the most beautiful things I've ever seen, man.
Goddamn.
And I love that classic audio quality, too, man.
That was beautiful.
Jake Reddell, thank you so much for the 24 months.
Wow.
They got to remount that.
I want a shot-for-shot remake of that at the next Macy's Day Parade.
They need to run back to classics.
They really don't parade like they used to.
87, man. That's the greatest year in American history.
Okay.
Yeah, again, probably nothing bad happened.
That's so well-earned.
Say it with me, Ted.
You didn't say with me.
He said it, though.
Whoo!
Pretty good stuff. Maybe we just end there.
No, we got to do a couple more.
We've been on for two weeks. Oh, my God, a cat.
This has to be another 10.
Based on this screen, on this thumbnail, this is a 10 already.
Let's see.
Oh, wait.
Oh, it's like a comp video.
I thought it was just going to be this.
I got excited. All right, let's see what they got.
Love forever, honey.
Take it all, live it on your side.
Yeah, we're going to do the parade soon.
Love forever, love is great.
It's just a cat video.
And that's beautiful, man.
When they'll, when they'll call the night.
This is just a fan, honey.
Oh, damn.
Watch me as I grind the motel.
With Joe San, you in the bleach.
The dust and fight with us with Joe San.
You kill the eight. So don't.
That's the day of editing well spent.
Just a day. They're pretty quick.
It's a lot of, you got to pull a lot of clips for that.
And they're probably pro cat editors.
Probably just took him like a couple hours.
All right, let's do two more.
Because you got to get the fuck out of here, right?
Well, we've burned a lot of time on Jeb being on that meeting.
Why didn't you do the meeting?
Well, I can't do a meeting.
I'm not going to scream and do a meeting.
You know, I work for that place.
Oh, right. I see.
Yeah, that makes perfect sense.
Okay, we've missed so many hot bids.
Once we're back, we got to do like a speed through with these.
Yeah, we can try to, we can try to catch all the ones we missed.
I mean, I've even really been using the internet much for the last two weeks.
Who knows how many of these I missed?
Whoa, what's happening here?
Whoa, okay, maybe not that one.
I think if it had just been the propeller cat from the top, it would have been a 10.
Sort of a purist like that.
I like my cat videos one at a time.
Okay, this is Skull of Rock.
See what they got for us.
I'm a rocker myself, so I can judge this.
Yep. Yep. Good stuff.
Yeah. Okay.
10. That's a 10.
Count him. Count him.
That's a 10. You like that? That's a 10. That's a vibe.
Playback. Playback with our music.
It works with any music.
That's what, that's why this is a 10.
Look at this. Yeah. Yeah.
Oh, okay, it's a seven.
Apparently it's a seven.
But I'm saying it's a 10.
Sometimes genius is an honor in its time, man.
That's the way it is.
That's why I make music for the ages.
And it makes moves for eternity.
He really likes it. I love that.
I love that, man.
He gets it.
You know, he's multiplied five by two. What do you got?
10.
And then there you have it.
At least we got a nice clean integer.
You know what I mean?
We sure did.
All right, let's do this. Let's do one more.
Oh, this is that.
Okay.
This is going to be a potentially depressing one to end on.
I keep seeing clips of this show.
It's Billy Bob Thornton is like a...
Oh, this isn't a clip.
Wait, maybe it is.
Let's see if I can get this.
Taylor Sheridan is a lunatic.
I can't find it.
There's some show with Billy Bob Thornton where he's like an oil man.
And apparently those clips have been blowing up on.
Okay. Yeah. Here's the rant.
Here's the epic rant from Billy Bob Thornton.
We can go on this.
All right. I love a good epic rant full of facts and reasons.
Let's see what we got.
How many idea how much diesel they have to burn to mix that much concrete?
You tell us Billy Bob.
To make that steel and haul this shit out here and put it together with a 450 foot crane.
What's up?
You want to guess how much oil it takes to lubricate that fucking thing?
Yeah, I'm guessing.
Or winterize it.
And it's 20 year lifespan.
It won't offset the carbon footprint I'm making it.
I thought it did that in about six months.
Solar panels and the lithium-ion and the Tesla battery.
Was that wrong?
I thought it offset the carbon footprint in about six months.
Is that wrong?
Why do you know that?
I just learned a lot on the road, man.
But this guy had a cowboy hat saying it pretty aggressively.
So, and I mean, I'm wearing one too.
Sort of a battle of the hats right now.
Who's telling the truth?
Hard to say.
And never mind the fact that if the whole world decided to go electric tomorrow,
we don't have the transmission line.
Oh no, we don't have the lines?
It would take 30 years if we started tomorrow.
Oh!
And unfortunately for your grandkids,
we'd have 20 year petroleum-based infrastructure.
Our whole lives depend on it.
And hell it's in everything.
That road we came in on.
The wheels on every car ever made.
Wheels?
I like the way he says wheels.
And antihistamines.
Pretty much anything plastic.
Your cell phone case, artificial heart valves.
Any kind of clothing that's not made with anything.
And she's blowing her mind.
She's like, oh, I want to say something back,
but for some reason I can't.
Oh!
Are they playing hype music in the background?
We don't do it because we like it.
We do it because we run out of options.
And you're out here trying to find something to blame
for the danger besides your boss.
There ain't nobody to blame but the demand that we keep-
The hyper uncle.
The ultimate uncle has-
Whoa!
What the-
He's a hype at it.
He gave him the hype at it.
Well-earned hype at it from my main man Billy Bob there.
Who assembled all the power of Uncle.
And became the hyper uncle.
I'm assuming that's the name of that show.
Um...
I think it's called like...
Landman or something.
I don't know.
I'm curious to see this other clip,
but it's not loading unfortunately.
Maybe it's somewhere down here.
Maybe I can tell just from the screen cap.
Hmm, well...
That's like the conservative newsroom.
We really are in a brave new era.
We're now conservatives get the show newsroom.
But instead of it being
Jeffrey Newsman or whatever that guy's name is
in that show.
It's Billy Bob Thornton in a cowboy hat.
Oh baby, the very rare.
Straight zero.
Damn, those truth bombs broke the internet man.
Do you see that?
Yeah, the truth was too intense.
So we couldn't handle it.
Our whole server crashed.
Alright, let's see.
Oh, okay, Livenslyzzy gave us the real deal here.
Yeah, so I got the...
Yeah, he got the Twitter to load,
but when you click on this link,
it just does that man.
Maybe it's in the comments.
Check the comments case, come on.
I don't know if it's in the comments.
Please?
Please?
This is in the comments at least.
That's pretty good.
This is pretty good actually.
Okay, he got the backup force.
Livenslyzzy, we got to see what the land man
has to say about everything.
Our daily dose of Billy Bob.
Oh please, come on.
Load, load, damn you.
Sorry everybody.
I have a horrible system for copying and pasting here.
In case you need to fix your default browser setting on here.
Alright, we found it.
Let's see what else Billy Bob has for us.
What other dark trues is he ready to unleash?
Teddy.
Lord Sturvo, thank you so much for the 25 months.
I feel like that wasn't written
because the writer was disgusted
with that dynamic there.
I feel like that was written because
Taylor Sheridan sort of into whatever that was.
Listen, the land man has the hard questions.
And Taylor Sheridan has to be care-
You know, he's got to be-
He's got to let the pen just sort of flow
straight out of the mind, grapes.
That's a double ten.
No cake shaming, that's fair.
Now like he's disgusted man.
He wrote that because like as a dad
as a father when you ask your daughter
who looks suspiciously like someone Billy Bob Thornton
would probably currently date
and then she tells you about sex, you're grossed out.
That's the thing that grosses him out man.
No cake shaming is what-
Then that's our rule here so that is our rule, that's true.
Alright, well thanks for being here man.
And then we'll end it on that.
Yeah, that seems like a good-
Nice to stop presenting.
Thanks for hanging out everybody.
I gotta get back on these rambling roads
but we'll see y'all very soon.
We'll come and do a little computer thing near you.
I'll be back, don't even worry buddy, y'all.
Bye bye.
We do have one more segment.
We'll just end with it though.
We won't even come back here.
I was gonna do a-
a song today.
But I think it takes too long.
We'll just have to- we'll do all these new themes
once we're in the new space.
The new space that's also the same space to be clear.
You want me to do another theme?
Nope, Crumb, I want you to not be on the stream today.
But I already was, well I wish you weren't.
But Peter, you don't have to really linger on those shots with him.
Oh, I just- when he's quiet, I have the instinct to cut to him.
And when he's talking, I have the instinct to cut away.
Well that's not a really-
I'm not- there's my instinct.
Why does everyone hate me?
What did I even do?
I don't hate you, Crumb.
You're just- we need to move on.
You want me to host the Streets segment?
No, it's someone else's segment!
I mean I'm considering running for president in 2028,
have I told you that?
No, I don't- no.
No.
Let's kick it to the streets.
Let's see how Tripp's doing.
And then let's get out of here for the day.
If you have any opinions for Tripp,
Exclamation Point Tripp,
is how you kick those opinions to the streets.
It's time for Tripp on the Streets.
Don't encourage him, chat.
It's Tripp on the Streets, not Crumb on the Streets.
Well, I have to listen to fucking Crumb,
if we're not careful.
Good to see everybody today.
If you have any hot opinions for me,
Exclamation Point Tripp is how you send them my way.
Crumb is Bin.
Well, he's got his fans, surprisingly.
I can't deny that there's...
some out there
that are always thirsting for more Crumb.
Well, you know, actually I can deny that.
And I do deny that.
I changed my mind.
I actually do deny that.
Ahem.
Alright, oh my god.
Really?
Okay, you there.
I don't know why I stole my glasses look,
but I guess you'll have to steal shit.
Um, that's not...
That's not spread lies.
I just came to say,
I'm not coming for your spot.
I'm very happy with mine.
But in a perfect world,
Bin would be Crumb's channel,
and Case would be a filter.
No follow-up questions? Nope.
That's what you came to say, then. We're good.
You ever talk to that biker?
No. Do you have a permit to be here?
Oh my god, Crumb, seriously?
Just, I...
Do you have a permit?
Just ask him.
Yes.
So if I talk to a park ranger, then
don't cross me, Crumb.
I've been in this business a long time.
And I've seen a lot of fraudulent little
white milk duds.
Slabber past me.
Okay? And I know how to eat them.
I don't really track the threat, but I will go.
I will go.
That's fair. That's fair.
You don't know. He's jockeying.
He's jockeying for my spot.
Crumb, what the fuck?
I want...
Oh, hey, Tripp. Hey, Tripp.
It's me, Crumb.
Um, just was wondering
if you would be okay if I hosted today.
You were just here.
And I already... You heard me say no.
It just seems that the world
hates me, so
I just need... I need this moment
to
settle the score.
You might have heard the Democratic Party's in a bit of a transitional period
where we're trying to sort of find our footing again.
And if I've said anything that upset anyone,
just know that's actually the opposite of our aim.
We want to say
exactly what you want to hear.
So I'd love to just
have a chance to hear from the people
what they want to hear so that we can
then make that our platform.
It's normal stuff.
Get the fuck out of here, Crumb.
You can't have my show.
Okay, but we'll see.
I'd hate to do this the hard way.
All right, you there, miss.
You're a welcome break from Crumb.
What do you have for me?
I'm Trippie B.
Oh, she's okay.
Hey, Tripp.
Dilly Dolly here.
But my friends call me Dilly Dolly's.
Hi, Dilly.
Hello?
I want Shadow the Hedgehog to date me.
Do you think Shadow can date me?
What do you think my chances are?
Hmm.
Well, he is a hedgehog.
I don't know what their standards are.
So I'd honestly say above zero.
Really? You think I've got a shot?
I mean, he's sort of a villainous hedgehog creature.
You're a young lady.
So Godspeed?
Great.
Should I go talk to that bald guy over there?
No, I would advise against that, but...
Oh, good, because my instinct was...
That guy's a freak.
Well, I'm not a freak.
Well, you're right.
You're right about that.
Thanks for the really good advice.
What a great host of the show.
See?
Everybody's on my side.
All right.
Let's see who else is out here for me.
Trippie B.
Uh...
Okay, you there.
If you've got an opinion for me, I'm Trippie B.
You might have heard.
Hey, pal, and I'm Donnie Whiskers.
Are you the one peeing in my bush?
Oh, hi, Donnie.
I see you all the time looking at the bushes, looking at my bush.
Um, well, uh, I do pee.
But I understand that bushes are a house, so I mostly pee on trees.
Hmm.
I just feel like you're peeing on Donnie Whiskers' bush.
And I...
Ew, and I want to let you know, you better not!
That's Whiskers' bush, boy.
I wouldn't do that to you, Donnie.
You're a respected member of the park.
And don't you forget it.
Donnie, where is this coming from?
That bald guy over there told me you peed on my bush.
Eek!
Donnie, eek!
Donnie, he's trying to poison you against me.
You know, I've been rewatching Game of Thrones.
And he's like an uglier version of Wormtongue.
He's essentially a disgusting filthy mouth.
That's full of nothing but lies, and there's not even a wizard polluting his mind.
It's just him.
But he said you're peeing on my bush.
Alright, this is...
Is he trying to feud with everyone on this network?
Well, I mean, he made some good points in my...
What points did he make?
He said, I agree with you.
And nobody's agreed with me in a while.
And Donnie Whiskers...
Alright, Donnie, well, go hang with Crumb then.
Well, maybe I will.
Maybe Donnie Whiskers is on Crumb's side.
Well, I'm not peeing on your bush, Donnie.
We used to be cool.
Well, we're not anymore.
You've got an enemy now.
Big fan, though. Huge fan.
Let's end it with this one.
Let's call it after this.
This maniac's been trying to ruin my day.
Uh...
Uh...
I don't know what this is.
It's Project 2025.
Enter!
Are you okay? Enter!
Well, let's just stop it there.
Tripp kind of ruined my vibe today.
Sorry, Crumb kind of ruined my vibe today, so...
I'm not admitting to feud.
I'm just admitting he's still standing right over there,
and I'd love to just kind of leave, so...
I'm gonna go hang out in my bush.
It's a security bush, by the way, Crumb.
I'm armed.
With various branches.
Some of them are pretty sharp.
Don't worry. No mad...
No weird bald creature is going to scare me away.
And there's video proof of this.
I've talked to a lot of creatures.
No one's going to scare me off these streets.
I love these streets. In fact, I'll never leave them.
And I'll never leave you because I live out here forever. Bye-bye.
That was a guinea pig?
I don't know what that was.
Hey, um...
What are you?
I'm a guinea pig.
Oh. It's a guinea pig.
Alright.
Uh, Pepito, anything else?
Nope.
Okay, great.
Done.
I'm done.
I'm done.
You know that in a hundred years...
Me taking a shit won't unsettle its carbon footprint.
And my shit's in everything.
It's in Diet Cokes.
It's in grass.
It's in my stomach.
And you want to stop mining for my poop?
What?
I've been watching a lot of TV lately.
Okay, well that's fine, Pepito.
Commander Gep, thank you so much for the 23 months.
Sorry to end the stream right when you show up, but...
Don't worry, there's always those hot YouTube vods.
Let's see who's on.
You know, Casem, apparently.
Ooh, we should talk about this right before I go.
Ehh...
Avaly.
Did you post this? Did Casem post this?
First of all, Casem, you might have heard,
has some life events that are extremely positive going on.
I'm doing that sincerely.
So, we might be taking two weeks off the call-in show,
but we will be on for the Patreon, I believe, later tonight.
So if you're a Patreon member,
don't ever quote me on anything.
I could be wrong. I could be getting my dates wrong,
but I think tonight is when we're doing it.
I got to check on that.
But anyway, I think we'll be back in, like,
not next week, but possibly...
We'll probably be back in the new year, for sure,
I think, with more Call of Cas.
Patreon tonight at 6, yes.
I don't know when...
We could be back sooner than that,
but I'm not gonna rush Casem, you know,
when he has marrages to get to.
Also, though, he is doing this, December 4th,
with the Will Neferson and Casem.
Those are two that...
And also Bruce Green.
I'm working on my Hazily impression.
And I might be assisting with that production
ever so slightly, so...
It's like a little cream.
It's like a little mini G4 reunion.
Mm-mm.
All right.
That's all we got for today.
Let's raid...
Let's raid Bruce. I just mentioned him.
Bruce Green.
Say hi to Bruce, you baby for me.
Let him know we're excited for the stream.
Just let him know how sorry we are
that he has to do an event with Casem.
And that our thoughts and prayers are with him,
having to host a show with Casem.
I know how hard that can be.
So I'm thinking of him.
We're all thinking of you, man,
and what you must be going through.
Exactly, 07s.
Thanks for hanging out, guys.
I will be on the Patreon tonight.
I might not be able to stream again until...
Monday? Probably?
I just have to set up the new house.
We do have internet over there, though, so...
I might be able to stream Thursday
if stuff goes incredibly swimmingly, but...
Also, I could imagine Kendall being like,
help me make this place livable
for at least a few days before you stream.
Which would be a fair request, so...
I'll either see you one day this week,
or I'll see you next week.
New house video 2 or when?
As soon as it's ready. We gotta get it pretty, though.
It's gonna take a couple weeks for us to get it.
I'm looking sexy as I think it deserves to be
before we show it off.
Okay, we'll see you all soon.
I'll see you even sooner for your Patreon member
and have a beautiful rest of your week
if I don't see it until next week.
Bye-bye, everybody.
Bye-bye-bye.
Bye-bye-bye.
Relax, Pepito.
Okay. This is me relaxing.