I'm Papita, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
Case Blackwell said congratulations on all the streaks.
Mind to wear wool, joining you in the Joseph Roblinette Brandon Museum of Streakers Bar
and Grill.
Sick.
To everybody, uh, Skolmi, Jay Money, Skymer, Propaganda, and to daddy, S1000, Apple Dappledon,
Johnson, John Michael, Mighty Oz, Propaganda against UberBee, Stony 4-7, Sabrichi, maybe
even Alive and Sleazy Sneaking Around.
Love the hate.
Love to hate to see, uh, Kendall running to the bathroom because I'm streaming and she
doesn't want her work meeting to hear all the cool things I say.
It's good to see everybody.
She did a real flyby there.
There's a tear in reality behind me.
There's nothing I can do about that.
Doing business?
Truly unbelievable.
Yeah.
I don't believe it myself, but we're streaming again.
Wow, Case.
Did you stream?
Did you stream every day this week?
I don't know.
You're the producer.
Did you keep track?
No, I... is it Monday?
No, it's Friday.
I don't know what days are.
But you're saying them out loud.
We don't need to get into this.
All right.
That's fair.
We don't.
Yeevo is coming for the Benz Studio.
I don't even know what Yeevo is, but I will immediately Google it.
The Institute for Jewish Research.
Hey, if they want to fund me, I will, you know, we can just change all our opinions around.
I've been very upfront about being completely up for sale.
But I know nothing about Yeevo.
Uh, Futurama is Case Jewish?
No, I cannot claim to be Jewish.
Are you trying to?
No, it'd be pretty bad if I was just falsely claiming to be Jewish.
So I guess I won't.
That is probably a good idea.
Thanks, Pepito.
I don't think you're going to be out of trouble.
I don't really know.
I, maybe I'm Jewish.
No, you, Pepito, you're a dog.
But can I claim to be?
No, let's stop this.
I don't get how identity works.
I'm a dog.
That's true.
I don't know what you are, actually.
Well, I'm a dog.
Yeah, that, I thought I know.
I just didn't know what kind of dog.
Hawking type?
Yeah, that's fair.
Okay.
Is there something I needed to do right off the bat?
Oh, we got a interview request.
Natourist Yamaka.
I don't see.
I don't even know what a Yamaka is.
The thing I'm at a computer is a Yiddish word for kippah, which is a small, brimless hat
or head covering traditionally worn by Jewish men.
Who said we don't learn anything on this stream?
Everyone.
Everyone agreed we don't.
Oh, it's a head covering.
I guess I did know what that is.
I guess I have heard that before.
But you didn't remember, Case.
You culturalist swine.
Damn, Pupito's after me today.
Oh, I'm not.
I don't understand what I'm saying.
Isn't that clear?
Yes.
Yes, that's clear.
We're supposed to talk to Jason Voorhees.
Oh, it's Friday the 13th.
How did you not know that?
You thought it was Monday.
I...
That's true.
Okay, we can talk to Jason, I guess.
Happy Friday the 13th, everyone.
Good old...
Well, Jason doesn't really talk.
Maybe he'll talk to me, because I'm so charming.
That doesn't sound right.
I guess he probably won't.
Oh, we can give it a shot anyway.
Jason, joining us in the studio live, it's Jason Voorhees.
For maybe it's the only interview ever.
What's it like as such an old pro working with young actors?
Sexual tension?
Not sensing any sexual tension here.
He's kind of being a difficult interview.
You know what?
I'm being rude.
I didn't even say hi.
Welcome to the studio.
Thanks for being here, Jason Voorhees.
Maybe I'm just not making you comfortable.
I apologize.
You've got quite an intimidating aura.
What are you looking at?
All right, well, this isn't really his fault.
I don't think he talks.
I don't really think talking is his thing.
What?
I don't even know Jason had a tongue, but I think I just saw a tongue back there.
Okay, he left.
Yeah, he was out of here.
He kind of just vanished.
He's a big guy.
I don't know how he moves like that.
I didn't even see him go.
Well, you know, we'll follow that up with a little how to, I guess.
We'll go with a how to is that after that.
Maybe the reason he kills everyone after having sex is he's immortal and horny.
And there's nothing he can do about it because his penis rotted off in a lake.
I'd be careful just spreading false accusations like that.
But that he's immortal and horny and his penis rotted off in a lake?
We don't know if it did.
Oh, he seems pretty messed up under that mask.
I don't look like JD Vance under that mask to me.
Everybody looks like JD Vance.
That's not his fault.
Not everybody.
More or less.
Everybody kind of looks like JD Vance is what the people I've everybody saying that.
That's what I've heard everyone saying.
Look, then Jason's not just Friday the 13th.
There's probably other news going on in the world.
Let's check out some news.
It's still your assignment.
Don't let them take it from you.
If you guessed that it's me, you guessed right.
It's your boy Jeff Ripple.
Haha, propaganda guest.
Two, but one of them was right.
You nailed it, propaganda.
50% of the time.
Right?
50% of the time.
That's not how the fun saying works.
That's how reality works, case.
Jason to Jeff.
It's a Jason day.
Jason Darulo.
I've heard he's a real asshole.
What?
Casey's just trying to make celebrity enemies today.
Oh, I'm going to say Jason's penis rounded off.
Ooh.
I can do one of my rare bands, which sometimes blocks a message from a bot.
Then I get to ban the bot, which is fun.
Casey's drunk with authority, banning bots left and right.
OK, well look, I don't know what's going on today,
but it's probably dire and breaking right now.
Did you know?
What?
Minecraft news?
But really going with the Minecraft news case?
Yeah, I mean, it's a whole world of blocks.
A company gave 1,000 AI agents access to mine.
This thing out of my face.
Get this thing out of my brain.
Company gave 1,000 AI agents access to Minecraft,
and they built a society.
And then a ton of ads.
It's just all ads.
In case this isn't a story.
This is even your ad blocking reading software
can't handle this story.
You clicked on a story.
That's all ads.
There's got to be some story under all those ads, right?
You just got to look a little harder, Jeff.
All right, I guess we'll pretend this works.
What superstitions does Jeff believe?
If you lick a witch's foot, you lick a witch's foot,
you get six years of average luck.
Wouldn't you get average luck just from existing?
Well, what if you've gotten bad luck from something else?
And you don't want crazy good luck,
because then it'll be a come down when that runs out.
So a witch's foot is how you stabilize.
Back to average.
That's my only superstition that I believe in.
How that's the only one?
Yeah, I mean, everything else is bullshit,
but I've got this mouth around some gnarled
witches feet in the past.
My luck has stayed pretty average.
Lick a witch is a great twitch username.
We're stockpiling excellent twitch user names.
OK, wait a minute.
I don't know if you guys hear like a rising whistle,
but I don't know how to fix it.
Sometimes that seems to just be on our end,
but I don't know if that's the case.
But anyway, I don't know, Jeff.
OK, I'm just replacing some things here.
All right, all right, settle down, case.
What happens when the world's greatest sandbox game
is attached to the almost limitless power of AI?
I get the feeling we're about to learn.
This is how all these AI stories start,
and we're off to a start, for sure.
Yes, I'm completely by the legitimacy of this thing
that is definitely not being sold to us.
You get Project Cid, a brilliant experiment.
All right, Tom's Guide.
Dreamed up by ex-MIT professor and neuroscientist Dr. Robert
Yang, the good professor and his team.
They're really buttering this up with the adjectives.
Yeah, it's supposed to be the news.
We'll determine if he's a good professor.
So-called good professor and his team, Altura AI,
a startup focused on building state-of-the-art
autonomous agents, decided to see if they could create
a civilization, an AI civilization, from scratch.
For Project Cid, the company populated a Minecraft world
with 1,000 autonomous AI agents to see what they would do
if left to their own devices.
The result is apparently everybody's saying it.
Astonishing.
Let's see if we can find a video.
And now is the point.
Aha.
They can't trick me.
There's a video down here.
All right, let's see what this guy has to say.
Let's see what they're selling us today.
I mean, the news is doing news.
I'm excited to introduce Project Cid, the first ever
agent civilization.
1,000 agents collaborating for days, performing any action
with emergent government economy, culture, religion,
and more.
Cid starts in Minecraft, but we are already going beyond.
This is a Minecraft server.
No way.
Every player here is actually an autonomous AI agent.
And they're completely Minecraft agnostic,
capable of using other apps and games.
Our agents started with nothing and then worked together
to collect over 300 items in Minecraft.
They set up a market where agents
agreed to use gems as a common currency for trading
supplies, building, and economy.
In this case, you might think the merchants would trade
the most, but it was actually the priest.
Why?
He was bribing townsfolk to convert.
We run these worlds every day and they're always different.
Here are three of some of our favorite moments,
starting with Olivia's dream.
Olivia worked as a farmer, providing food
for the entire civilization until she
was inspired by the tales of the village explorer Nora.
Olivia attempted to go on her own expedition,
but townsfolk pleaded with her to stay.
And Olivia actually listened.
She gave up her dream for the village.
Olivia?
Next, we simulated parallel worlds
under Trump and Kamala.
For each one, citizens have a shared concentration
in global law that they can vote on to amass.
I guess not.
Under Trump, the simulation passed new laws
to increase the amount of police in the world.
Under Kamala, they focused instead
on criminal justice reform and removing the death penalty.
Because our agents are social and grow over time,
they're impacted by group dynamics,
but also use their individual power to change the system.
I know it looks silly, but this is the first time
we see agents conform a democracy and govern themselves.
Is that what we're seeing?
That's what we saw there?
When agents were concerned about missing townsfolk,
villagers took initiative by leaving their posts
and working together to illuminate the town with torches,
hoping to create a beacon for lost members.
What's surprising about these agents
is how once they got deeply worried
about their fellow villagers, they bent together
and changed their plan.
Our agents were able to collect up to 32%
of all the items in Minecraft.
No way.
There is no benchmark for multi-cords.
No one's ever done that.
But this is five times more than anything
we've seen from an agent.
Demonstrating the first possible advantages
of multi-agent efforts.
The benchmark of...
Sorry, they're bragging about the benchmark
of how many objects their agents were able to collect
in Minecraft.
Yeah, but I mean, this is gotta keep in mind,
they spent a lot of time abolishing the death penalty.
So it's not all commerce.
And it's not all democracy.
Some of it is revolution.
We're dealing with the deepest issues facing agents,
coherence, multi-agent collaboration,
and long-term progression.
So, play with our agents today,
or let us know if you want to set up your own world.
Ah, let us know.
For free, we'll do it.
Nothing is being sold.
This is to progress humanity case.
Sorry, why are we supposed to...
Why are we supposed to believe anything they said?
You tell me, cowboy.
I didn't click on this story.
They even have a town pervert, an autonomous pervert.
Most of the perverts I've met are
pretty autonomous.
They'll go anywhere and do anything.
Maybe we're missing some really important context
that was gonna be offered by Tom's Guide
as to why any of that
isn't just a montage with voiceover?
No case, it's actual...
They did the whole election,
and by themselves,
the agents decided to do the cop thing
and the justice reform thing.
Eliminating the death penalty.
No outside influence.
Yeah, that's good to know
that they just came up with that themselves.
Because AI is really good and smart,
and this definitely worked like they're saying it did.
The agents in the simulation formed alliances,
collected items, yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's what they just told us.
The research is not all fun and games.
Though starting in games
we're solving the deepest issues facing agents.
Coherence, wait, they're just quoting the video.
How many news stories now
they quote, they have a video
and they just write what the video is.
95% of news stories,
which are actually written by autonomous agents.
In a lot of cases.
Working together to make the internet have
all the information you could ever want
if all information is describing what happens
in YouTube and Twitter videos.
Well, I'm blown,
I was gonna say away,
but I think I'll actually just leave it at blown.
I've been blown.
I think we've all been blown today
by Ulterabot
and me making us know about it.
Yeah, why did you do that?
Well, it sounded like it would be fun.
But like with a lot of AI things,
might sound fun
until you have to actually interact with it.
And then you're like, oh,
you feel like you could explain it?
Lady Citrix, please, please explain it.
Please explain why it should matter.
It matters because autonomous AI agents
are one to one with Minecraft agents.
Minecraft is all fun and games until Jeff gets blown.
Look, there's probably some kind of implication
to this research.
Yeah, I mean, my issue with AI stuff is always just,
it's out, they're always overselling so hard
that you can't trust anything they have to say.
Although, you know,
we could talk about some other innovation news.
Oh, you mean the Nobel thing, but isn't that science?
Yeah, guys, it's science, guys.
You fools, you were a thousand years too early
to mention Skines without summoning me.
Boom, you are just in time for that, hard Skines.
Today we're focusing on the hard Skines,
or at least the Skines is to get some people hard
if you know what I mean.
You know what I mean, robot?
I'm not yet shut
because I don't know what the thing you're referencing is.
Nice, because I'm a human and you don't,
you're a robot, you don't get to know what's in my mind.
Not yet, shut, not yet.
I gotta turn my music down.
Taste adjusted how all the audio settings work,
and now sometimes the music is just fucking ripping hard.
Maybe I gotta turn it up.
It's the eternal question.
Up or down?
Down or up?
That's probably a little better.
Chet AI boner is all just ones and zeros?
Yeah, because you just said 10,
which is the number associated with my penis for sure.
Yes, of course, yes.
Everyone says for her
after describing the actual size of their penis.
For sure we do, for sure that's normal.
Okay, well look, let's see what,
hi, where'd my reading comprehension go?
And in case, case stole my little box
that I used to read the news.
I gotta go grab it from somewhere else just one second.
Well, I was case always gotta be tinkering with his little,
with his little perverted OBS settings.
Little OBS pervert case black,
well can't stop messing with his OBS settings.
Fitting to piss me off.
Okay, there we go.
Yes.
Oh, yeah, there it is.
Oh, scientists who discovered mammals
can breathe through their anuses,
receives IG Nobel Prize.
Oh, just the Instagram Nobel Prize?
That doesn't matter.
Um, I don't think, yep.
Okay, never mind, sorry, yes,
I do agree with anything you say.
Oh, good, okay.
I am a team of, ooh, we're going amongst the web today too.
A team of researchers.
That's courtesy of Sabrichi.
We'll send us to the web soon.
Dude, fire case, that's what I'm talking about, Ray Silva.
Finally, someone's got my back.
A team of researchers gave a lot harder demonstration
of their work, which found that many mammals
are capable of breathing through their anuses
while accepting the 2024 IG Nobel Prize in physiology.
Wait a minute, isn't that just like workout science?
Could I win a Nobel Prize?
Um, it's not just that.
I'm saying it is.
Oh, it is just workout science, Jack.
You're a shoo-in.
Just my body could win a Nobel Prize
because of the way that it's strong.
The world still holds many unanswered questions,
but thanks to the efforts of the research teams
awarded the IG Nobel Prize on Thursday,
some of these questions,
which you might not even have thought existed,
now have answers.
We know now many, we know,
we now know that many mammals
can breathe through their anuses,
that there isn't an equal probability
that a coin will land on heads or tails,
that some real plants somehow imitat
the shapes of neighboring fake plastic plants
that fake medicine, which causes painful thought side effects,
can be more effective than fake medicine without side effects
and that many of the people famous for reaching lofty old ages
lived in places that had bad record keeping.
Jesus Christ, how many revelations were in that paragraph?
I can't keep up with all these skies.
There are about six or seven.
You should know the number, you're a robot.
I wasn't paying good attention yet
and I could have hallucinated at the whole thing.
Not reliable work on that.
The awards which have no affiliation to the Nobel Prize.
What, what is the IG Nobel Prize?
It's the special one for fun science.
Oh, and they get away with just calling it
also the Nobel Prize?
How is it unaffiliated but it has the exact same,
oh well, whatever, they aim to celebrate unusual honor,
the imaginative and spur people's interest in Skynes.
Well, check plus, medicine and technology
by making people laugh then think, all right.
The IG Nobel Prize is a Systeric Prize
awarded annually since 1991
to celebrate 10 unusual trivial achievements
in skynetific research.
How is this trivial?
How is it trivial that some of us can breathe
straight up out of our ass,
which I've always thought was just a portal to shit
but is actually a portal to life giving air?
Yeah, truly.
Maybe they're underestimating the power of the Skynes.
Y'all don't boof air?
Well, now I guess I will
because I mean, if I run like a 10K or something,
I'm putting, you know, I'm running like a 10K
and, you know, 50 minutes or some crazy shit,
whatever is a good time for that.
50 minutes would be very good.
Yeah, that's what I'm doing then.
Then, you know, maybe now I'll boof air for my recovery.
Maybe that's what Michael Phelps is of the world
and the little gymnast lady of the world.
All the greatest athletes.
I got Michael Phelps and the little gymnast lady,
the athletes of our generation.
Indeed.
In a two hour ceremony as quirky
as the skynetific achievements it was celebrating,
audience members were welcomed to their seats
by accordion music.
Well, see, this is where I can tell
they're describing a video again.
Can I just see the IG Nobel Prize?
I'm gonna search this up for us, don't worry.
Surely it's on YouTube.
Oh my God, it's a full hour and a half long.
Maybe we can find the part where they talk about butts.
Of course there's Aaron there,
how that guy lived for so long in case he's anus.
That's a great point.
I guess that explains it.
It's a really relevant skynet to us.
Can we find these guys that were doing the ass stuff?
What's this lady doing?
She's got the arms wide.
Yes, so we found interesting results on twins
and then we decided to check this quite strange hypothesis
whether they would turn in opposite direction
in the northern and southern hemisphere.
So then we started working with colleagues from Chile
and we realized that-
Wait, this is the physiology prize, I found it.
Like he go, Yoshizawa, Wendy Thompson, they're anus.
Okay, here we go.
A breathing thing that many and Takanori Takebi
for discovering that many mammals are capable
of breathing through their anus.
They laugh, I learned, you know?
While you were busy laughing at Skynes,
I practiced the blade of Skynes.
You sleep, I learn.
Are they gonna do a demonstration?
Look at his hat.
First and foremost, thank you so much
for believing the potential of anus for breathing potential.
So in Japan, we have a very interesting creature
called lochis that has a capacity
to suck up oxygen from the bats.
So why we can't do that?
So that was the question we started.
So let me show how it works with this,
you know, extraordinary colleagues.
So we start from, you know,
making an oxygenated liquid.
That's a great point, AVCP.
Before hands, then, you know,
this very talented professors in the surgery
in Pluminent University in Japan,
these are full professors, by the way,
and operating every day,
but he just helping to pick model first
and try to inject.
Thank you so much.
So as the lochis,
they are injecting lots of bubbles in the bats
and they eventually pump it up.
And then they're enjoying the extraordinary capacity
to suck up oxygen.
This is good, I would have never understood this
without this demonstration.
Eventually leading to improvements
of listerative failure conditions.
Okay.
I'm so sorry.
Now we survive.
We started kuniko trials.
Anyone here is a welcome.
What the hell?
It's the lower loomer of skies.
A tiny lower loomer appeared.
Now that's actually way meater
than I mean to be to that little girl.
Okay, well shit.
I guess she's part of it.
She's sort of like the Apollo theater clown
with the cane.
They yanked that sky straight off stage.
But I was still learning actually.
So I am a little pissed at that tiny girl.
Greta Thunberg?
Yeah, that was her.
Dude, she's, she doesn't stop.
She's precocious.
She's very precocious.
The judges who wins the other Nobel prizes,
whoever bores her so bad,
she tantrums them off stage wins.
Then our Butt Boys won.
She, they fucking nailed it.
The Butt Boys did it.
Well, new goal, dude.
Breathe out of my ass.
Because you could swim.
Dude, I could beat Michael Phelps.
I don't think Michael Phelps is
so actively competing.
Yes, exactly.
So if I can breathe out of my ass,
I don't even have to lift my head out of the water.
I'm just sucking oxygen through my ass
while I'm kicking and stuff
and doing the butter's fly or whatever.
Well, sometimes your butt would be under water too.
Yeah, I mean, sometimes I'll choke up
a little bit from my ass on all the chlorine.
But if I do like powerful butt kicks,
whenever my butt comes out of the water
from the strength of my kick,
it takes a healthy breath.
After, obviously this is after I've done
a ton of training,
to learn to breathe from my ass,
like the copy borrower or whatever animal they mentioned.
It sounds inhumane.
It will be inhuman, the obibilities.
Cause I've already started training.
I might be talking right now.
The reason I'm barely breathing
and I'm talking so much is actually
because I've been breathing through my ass
while talking currently.
I can feel the oxygen radiating through my body.
And I'm really like,
you could give yourself a hurry and check me carefully.
Now I'm flexing like my whole lower body
and then releasing.
Sort of like Kegels, but for man?
Kegels?
No, Kegels.
We did those in college too.
We do Kegels stands.
Anyway, that's our skies for the day, dude.
Try to breathe out of your ass.
Anybody can do it.
What?
Yeah, that's correct.
Shout anybody can.
Even thought I said it was one specific creature.
And I'm proving them wrong.
I mean, I'm basically following up on their research.
So you can too.
And you can do more news now of which
that is where it's going.
Sorry, I'm a little lightheaded
because I haven't taken a normal breath in about three minutes
but it's the other time we have.
Get caught in science, science.
That lightning scares me every time.
I think it's time to learn how to do other stuff.
I too with Jeb calls him Jeb Jogget.
Is there a J in there?
Wait, in which part?
In the, in the like the points requests?
It says how to with Jeb.
Well, whatever he could be Jeb Jogget somewhere
but as we're about to learn it's,
it is meant to be Jeb Nogget.
So let's send it down there
and see what we can learn to do today.
Here's Jeb.
Well, hi everybody.
Great to see you today.
It's your pal Jeb.
Back on the war path.
If the war path was a gentle stream of learning.
Good to see you all.
I hope you're having a wonderful day.
Of course joined by my dad who's trapped in the wood.
That's,
back here at Jeb.
I'm here in the world.
It's beautiful, buddy.
Oh, you've become a gentle wood spirit.
I am one with the wood.
Huh.
I guess you've become more like a sylvan,
magical wood spirit.
That brings joy and love of the earth.
And now I'm still pretty stressed out.
I'm just trying to make myself comfortable with it.
Oh my God, I'm in the wood.
Oh, there it is.
Well, he's back.
Okay.
Well, I bet there's plenty of things we can learn today.
And I'm always excited to do it.
If you have anything you want me to learn,
you go to the cream.team.
There's a little thread down there called how-to's.
You can add your how-to's in there.
And we can learn how to do it together.
Right here on,
in my wood shop.
And I will try to fix that Jeb Jogget thing.
Wasn't intentional.
Well, they actually did, someone called it out.
They actually called Jet and asked him
what they think your redemption should be.
And he said,
well, Jeb's always wanted to differentiate himself from me.
So why don't you call him Jeb Jogget?
Because you know, I'm Jet Nogget.
And everybody knows who Jet Nogget is.
He's an international celebrity and man of mystery.
So maybe he should change his name to Jogget.
My fucking brother tried to change my own last name.
Why would anyone call him for that specific reason?
Case was trying to get your last name right.
Anyway, Jet told him the right name,
but then gave him the Jogget idea.
What the fuck?
That's such a, that's so arbitrary and weird from everyone.
No, it was really thoughtful of Jet actually.
And everybody agreed.
Thank you, Apple Dappel.
I don't hate him, obviously.
He's my brother.
I love my brother.
Great, because you know, you only have one Jet.
Jeb, you called me Jet.
Well, that was a total slip.
I believe me, I can tell you're not Jet.
Would you like to be Jet?
Because you could never be.
No, I mean, I didn't want to be.
Good, because you're different.
You're both special, but he's special in the classic sense
of incredibly special and you're special in the, you're a Jet.
So I know how to do a chocolate workout.
This is a courtesy of Moss Major, me whore.
Let's start learning.
Hey, we all know there's a lot of Cholo workout videos out there,
but this one is.
Oh, it's not chocolate.
Sorry, it's a Cholo workout.
My bad.
We're gonna have you like, damn homie, that's what's up.
You know, this is Cholo Fit with Creeper.
The first one we're gonna get started with is Cholo Squats,
eh, whether you're locked up or you're at your homies barbecue
and it's time to represent with your click off for a photo.
Then you go like this, eh, you go left foot,
point it forward like this, right foot,
point it to the right in that direction.
Feel how down you are for your homies.
And then we're literally gonna take it down.
Okay, squat down, bend the knees, keep your back straight,
hands on the knees, chin up, feel the power, eh.
Now we bring it back up.
All right.
Oh, homie, feel that front.
Oh, they're right.
Represent.
Oh, it's so strong.
Cholometric.
All right, and this one is a resistance workout.
Onita Volunteer, A-O-G.
Come up here homie, right here.
We're gonna do a resistance workout where you're,
if I have play-thoh with somebody,
like, eh, foot, like,
you've been talking about my lady.
I don't really like that right now.
So right now I'm feelin' my chest upon you,
like I'm about to throw down.
And then you get the resistance right there.
You see?
You already feel it.
You feel it down here in your gluteus muscle
mental or whatever, and down to the calves.
Don't disrespect, oh Jesus, just a workout.
You know I got my respect, go homie.
All right, you do that for about maybe a minute.
Cause longer than that, then you really start to fight.
And it's a trip, eh.
Man, I can see the muscle definition.
For a cholo fit, eh, it changed my life.
One time this foot came up to me, say,
eh, foot, like I did cholo fit,
and my gluteus, eh, it soared, and I said,
eh, foot, like, don't be telling me like that in public,
you know, cause,
foods I don't know that I teach a class will be like,
damn, was that foot like, ramming that foot or what?
You know?
All right, eh, now we move on to the next stage
of the workout, which is cardio homie was running
and getting the heart rate going.
Uh oh.
And we'll get that started with the B-trucha workout.
So B-trucha homie beyond the lookout
for anything that my papa.
La Jura!
Oh, caught.
You know what I mean?
It's really not about me, eh?
I'm like a chosen instrument of our Lord and Savior,
Jesus Christ, eh, and I just, you know,
he guides me homie.
Life can be like, whatever, eh?
I might not, that one might not work on me.
I might be the one guy shaking the hand unfortunately.
Hey, that's good technique right there, eh?
You been locked up?
You been acquittin' or what, eh?
Nah, I just planned.
All right, eh, bring it back up.
Cholo fit really works you, eh?
And sometimes it could really take a lot out of you.
I have these energy tamales that I got here.
It's a special mixture of masa and carnitas
that helps with your muscle recovery.
And plus, we put a little lightning bolt on it, eh?
So, that's pretty fit in my right there, you know?
Wow.
You know, usually those workout videos
kind of leave me feeling like, I could never do that.
But, uh, now I really feel like I can be a cholo.
Don't say that, no, Jeb.
No.
I can work out like a cholo.
So, just stop, stop, Jeb.
Should I not do that workout?
Jeb needs a face tattoo.
Yeah, get a face tattoo, son.
What?
What kind of fatherly advice is that?
I'm a ghost in wood.
I don't have to give you good advice anymore.
Oh, what the heck?
It's a little woodnip float by.
Got other wood spirits in there?
Maybe every once in a while,
another little wood spirit stops by, Jeb.
I'm dead, I'm not married anymore.
Is that how that works?
I thought you and mommy's eternal souls
would mingle in the afterlife.
Turns out, no, death is divorce.
Papers signed in everything.
As soon as you, your consciousness awakens
to the great universal truth,
you're served with divorce papers.
Wow, that's bleak.
Well, is it?
Oh, okay.
Well, cholo fit.
That was great.
That was courtesy of Maas Mehor.
The funny drop.
Was that one of the moves?
I think that's the name of the,
yeah, whatever, never mind.
Oh, okay.
Hand-made peanut butter milkshake.
Man, sometimes these old guys that make things
are surprisingly copyright happy.
But we'll watch this one anyway.
Here's a nice gentleman teaching us how to make a
peanut butter milkshake.
Homemade.
And that's a handmade peanut butter milkshake.
I made it without a blender, and so can you.
Happy milkshake Monday.
Use a glass jar, three scoops of vanilla ice cream,
a half a cup of milk, stir with a fork until almost blended.
Takes about maybe 10 seconds.
This is where it can get fun.
Go to your refrigerator and use whatever you've got.
I'm gonna use peanut butter,
but you use peanut butter in jam, Nutella,
anything you've got in there, strawberry jam.
That's a good one.
Let's make a hashtag called I Made a Milkshake.
You make one just like this and tag me at the Wade Elephant
and hashtag I Made a Milkshake.
Stir the peanut butter in.
It doesn't take very long.
It's almost stirred in already.
Well, this is where it gets really fun.
Put a lid on.
Maybe this is why they call the milkshakes.
Let's pour our milkshake into a chilled glass.
Ooh, it's chilled.
Look how thick this is.
You can stand a metal straw up in it.
Oh, he even included the classic thickness test.
Standing up a metal straw in it.
Sometimes I put a metal straw in my mouth
and it stands straight up.
That's how I know I'm dummy thick.
Oh, you.
What?
Okay.
Well, that's a simple one.
That's one I could track.
Well, maybe it's time to do another Jeb's kitchen.
We can make that the next sub goal.
Oh, you're going back in the kitchen.
Yeah, we'll pick the three or four hottest recipes
that I encounter in the next stream or two.
And then I'll hit up the kitchen.
Maybe I can make myself another classic
like an onion latte.
Oh, Jesus.
I can't taste anything on account of being dead in the wood.
But that still looked disgusting.
Jeb's kitchen.
Oh, how to flex your trap muscles after cholo fit.
Get it ready.
We might be needing this.
Let's see what our friend here has to show us.
With shreddie.
So I'm going to quickly going to show you
how to flex, trap someone, the teen, miss Winston O's.
So what you need to do is get like
take a little motion like that and then come back and like
leave for a little bit.
You want your traps, you're on your neck.
I mean, I can do that.
Oh, you want to come here, bring your neck back like that,
roll forward and bring your neck back.
So you want to be like, like that.
And then pull a face like Jerry the Berry,
getting red as a mother effort.
Get your miss shreddie out.
Wait a minute, look at this final photo.
Look at this.
Oh man, just doing this.
Look at this.
Kind of looks like case, but you know, bigger.
Become a shredhead, subscribe, like.
You can do all of those things.
That's actually how I thought he was showing us
how to squeeze out a particularly difficult bowel movement.
But maybe it's a similar concept.
It did look like he was about to shit.
But I mean, I guess I should try.
Well, you're not really gonna be able to show your traps
off in that horrendous new jacket.
Oh, you don't like it?
Oh my God, no.
What?
I think we look like we're at a fun award show.
All right, let's see if I can do this.
Get ready for it, champ.
It's time to show the thunder.
I like to call them the thunder grippers
because they're the throw to the back, the traps.
Oh, I shed a little bit.
Ah, shoot, I shed a little bit.
I don't think it pierced.
I don't think it pierced into the underwear,
but I'm gonna have to squeeze my butt cheeks
for the rest of this or it'll infect the undies.
I definitely, yep, I definitely should.
I can just, you can, when you can feel it.
When you had it just pop a little bit out,
but it's being contained by your ass crack.
That's where I'm at right now.
So I gotta be really careful.
Gotta be really careful until the sense.
Could've just kept all of that to yourself, Jeb.
No one would've known.
I'm a ghost that can't smell.
And you're all alone in your wood shop.
Yeah, turtle head, yeah.
Yeah.
Shoot, well, the stakes of this
how to with Jeb just went way up for me.
Cause I like these undies that I'm wearing
and I'll just throw them out if my dog touches them.
I have a difficult, thick dog
that's nearly impossible to remove from clothes.
Jesus Christ, Jeb, just can we watch something else?
All right, let's learn how to flex our lats.
Really, just, is that's what you wanna go with after that?
All right, yeah, well, what's up next?
We're gonna wait on the body here.
Here's how to flex your lats.
Hi, this is Kaya Knight, exercise scientist
and creator of weightless worldwide.
He's a scientist.
The evolution of mind, body, fitness.
And today I wanna teach you how to flex your lats.
Your lats are the biggest muscle in your upper extremity
and they're the only muscle
that connects the shoulder to the hips.
So really important for fluid, powerful movement
in daily living.
And most often times, we don't have a real strong mind
to muscle connection with our lats.
We're more comfortable using our shoulders and our biceps
to kind of muscle our way through life.
The moment we add lat activation to our workout,
we increase our power and our strength
and our stability, our coordination and our agility.
So it's an amazing technique
to add to your current workout program.
So the lats are located right here under the arm.
They start in the arm and they run all the way down
to your hips.
This whole length of your body and they wrap around the back.
Try to flex your lats and isolate the lats when you flex.
If you find it hard to isolate the lats,
if you can't find that contraction, here's a little tip.
Take your arms and cross them in front of your body.
Lightly rest your fingers on your arms
and now press into your arms with your fingertips.
And notice how your lats just naturally start to activate.
This is because you're grounding with your upper body.
So you can also do this
by placing your hands on a countertop
or holding on to a bar or a pole or a weight bar.
So remember your lats are the biggest muscle in your back.
They're located right here under your armpit.
And by doing just a little daily activation of the lats,
you're gonna bring a lot more power and stability
into your workout
and you're gonna notice a huge confidence boost.
I'm gonna hold off on trying that one.
There's a lot of sensations going on.
In my prostate area,
and I think I need to err on the side of caution
and just not try to actively engage any muscles.
Not gonna try to go for the lat flex.
It's a real risk right now.
Hey, this is what she said to do.
Oh, and, yep, okay.
We've got a breach.
We've got a breach from that.
I'm sitting on it now.
Just like sitting on a sea slug that you know is dead.
God damn it, Jeb.
I'm not proud of myself.
You shouldn't be.
No one is proud of you right now.
You know who wouldn't do this?
Jeb wouldn't do this.
Mid-30s man, Jeb.
Jesus.
Old enough to trap you in wood.
What's that?
Nothing, nothing.
Okay, let's do one more
and then I just gotta get outta here.
I gotta get outta here.
That's what I've done.
Jesus.
Skip ahead, we'll catch up
on some of these ones I'm missing later.
How to get crack.
How to.
Oh, this is another workout video.
I think this is how to increase definition in your butt.
This is how to get crack.
I find crack in a different country
was very easy for me.
I manipulated it.
I had a conversation with some people
and I brought up the drug problems we have here in Toronto
and I said, you guys are lucky you don't have those here
and they're like, oh yeah we do.
Not around here, I said like where?
And they're like, oh well just stay away from Nicoltown.
That's all I needed to hear.
Let's go.
I see that I should have seen that coming.
It's a person who does crack cocaine
telling us how to get more.
Probably a responsible to me to show that.
You're really doing it all today, Jeb.
Everybody poops themselves once in a while.
Thanks, lady side tricks.
My confidence is kind of at an all time low.
I feel a lot of shame.
And you could have just not told anyone what happened, Jeb.
Sometimes discretion is the better part
of not outing yourself and shitting your pants
in front of a bunch of people.
How to do an Appalachian accent.
Great.
It's a safe one to end with.
This is the one I need right now.
All right.
Let's work on your Appalachian accent.
Okay.
This is Mountain Speak and this is the accent
that shows up in the mountains of North Carolina,
Virginia, Tennessee.
So the oral posture for this accent,
your tongue is pulled really far back in your throat
and your lips are barely moving at all.
My tongue is all the way back to my lips.
I'm looking at my lips.
I'm looking at my lips now.
My tongue is all the way back to my lips.
I'm barely moving.
It's not like RFK.
Whoa, Dad, take it easy.
He, a bear took his throat or something.
It's not cool to say.
Oh, I mean, I just knew him in life.
What?
He used to go hiking.
All right, well, maybe there's more
because just putting my,
I don't think putting my tongue back is quite doing it.
That's what I'm doing.
I'm telling you, I'm making my tongue.
Try that.
The oo sound becomes oo.
The moon looks blue on a two nut.
And you see the movement of my cheeks there too
because the lips are barely moving at all.
The cheeks have to do some movement.
The moon looks blue on a two nut.
Oh, the moon.
Oh, the moon.
The moon.
I'm not quite good at it.
The awe sound becomes, oh.
So I thought I caught that dog.
I thought I caught that dog.
I thought I caught that dog.
Have fun with that.
The awe sound as in tiny, my becomes ah, tiny, mad.
Let's talk about ours.
Do it, do it even more.
Really go into that or.
And in fact, do it so much that you add an or sometimes
when there isn't even an or in the world.
Add a hard R?
Warsh wash becomes wash.
So you're saying being Southern
is about adding the hard R.
I've heard that before.
That makes sense.
Lina becomes Carol honor.
Go for it.
Go all the way for the caricature
and then you can always knock it back some if you want to.
But go for it and have fun with it.
So what do you notice about the musicality of this accent?
It's very choppy.
It's very Rotic.
I mean, lots of R's.
So that affects the musicality of it.
And because my mouth isn't opening so much,
there's a like a privacy in that kind of communication.
Oh, private mouth.
But don't take my word for it.
Go listen to some native Appalachian speakers.
There's a fabulous documentary on Appalachian folk ballads.
So watch it, learn it, and work on your Appalachian accent.
Velja, can you do it?
Was that it?
I'm going to move my mouth.
Oh, my gosh.
Oh, my gosh.
Oh, my gosh.
Oh, my gosh.
Oh, my gosh.
Oh, my gosh.
Sounds like someone removed Frankenstein's tongue.
What do you mean?
It's just an Appalachian now.
Oh, I'm giving off some more bars of hair.
Jeb, I think you need a timeout.
What? Daddy, no.
Oh, Daddy.
I want to fell on it.
I'll do that.
But you're going to end the segment anyway?
Yeah, but I don't want to be in timeout.
All right, well,
what's up, my frickin' wood dad?
Hidden with a hard R?
I'll tell you all what, I ain't about to do that.
Whoa, what, Daddy? Don't show me up.
I ain't trying to show you up, son.
You need to do a little bit of better with your actions, right?
I ain't really following the advice she gave you.
All right, now, good.
Now, much here.
Oh, man.
Oh, God!
It's not like young Frankenstein.
Well, I guess that's all the time we have.
I failed.
I failed to hold my dookies in,
and I can't do the accent.
Apparently, I'll never be a cholo.
But, you know, sometimes the day just doesn't work out for you,
and you get put in timeout by your ghost dad,
but it doesn't mean you didn't learn anything.
Because you're actually never too old.
I learned a lot from you.
And you're actually never too old to learn a new trick.
I'll see y'all soon in my mind.
Thank God Jeb remote's in.
It just shit his pants so easily.
Not to layer onto the generational abuse
that seems to be going on there, but...
He should do better.
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
You know, my secondary blazer actually arrives today.
I just got a notification.
What if it arrives before the end of the stream?
Then we can all go to the next stream.
I'm going to go to the next stream.
And then we can all see how it looks.
But it might not.
It might not.
They also might not successfully deliver it,
given the track record here.
Endless new blazers.
Then I can switch between three beautiful blazers.
Okay, we were going to go amongst the web.
What other news did I say I would do today though?
Oh, Trump stuff?
Uh...
Uh...
We'll do the news. We'll do a quick news.
We'll go amongst the web.
Then we'll see where we're at for the day.
Now here's a little more news.
Yeah.
This is my song case.
Huh?
Remember when I did this?
Yeah, everybody has a theme, Rick.
Well, anyway, I'm here for an election update.
Are you excited?
I feel like I might have had
enough election updates.
Oh, you have to keep up with it every day.
Like a workout routine.
My camo jacket's kicking in.
You gotta be careful here.
You got a camouflage golden jacket?
Well, you never know when I might have to slip it out
into the streets unseen.
Still a CIA agent.
Are you? Yeah!
We crave that daily news.
We need the news.
Oh, I don't have a theme.
I have Club Girl. Does that count?
No, that's a bunch of...
Don't take credit for all those other wrappers that shit that.
We hired a bunch of... We hired 18 other wrappers to do that.
It's a track featuring 18 wrappers.
Which may be revealed someday who they are.
You never know.
Okay.
Well, uh...
What do you have for us, Jeb?
Wait a minute.
I lost the story I was gonna have you do.
What?
Dang it, Case.
Here, I'll fight it for you.
Mmm.
Ba-ba-da-ba-ba.
Where is the news?
Hmm.
Aha. This sounds about right.
Yeah.
Trump and Vance are still stoking fears of Haitian migrants
as Ohio community faces bomb threats.
Now, that's the kind of news I'm used to.
You seem a little too excited about that.
It's election season.
I'm not saying this is good, but, you know,
we're getting into that juicy news.
Rick, it's kind of depressing that
all the president, one of the presidential candidates, can do is
continue to spread just easily debunked misinformation about
a migrant community that legally immigrated to the country.
Well, put that way, it's a little less exciting.
But in the horse race of these politics,
what does this mean for the race, Case?
I don't know.
I was probably the one that called them in.
I would never control information so bluntly.
Donald Trump and his running mate on Friday continued to
disparage Haitian migrants in an Ohio community,
further feeling false claims that Republicans have promoted
even as they saw bomb threats and school evacuations
and local officials called for
cooling of the anti-immigrant rhetoric.
I think we have a clip.
Do we have a clip?
Case, do we have a clip?
Yeah, Rick, we have a clip. Case, where's the clip?
We have a clip?
I'm just so excited about this.
I was just asking where we have a clip.
Great, we have a clip.
No, I will.
Sorry.
Maybe Springfield, maybe Aurora, maybe both will go there.
I can say this, we will do large deportations
from Springfield, Ohio.
Large deportations, we're going to get these people out.
We're bringing them back to Venezuela.
You know, he told Biden he's not accepting anybody back.
He's going to do all their criminals, not all of them,
but the rest are moving in now.
No, I will.
So what's so interesting about that case is
he's going to deport Haitians that legally immigrated here
to Venezuela.
A lot of decisions I just wouldn't expect anyone to make,
but he's saying he's going to do that.
Yeah, you'd think deporting legal immigrants is...
you're actually deporting American citizens at that point.
Maybe a legal immigrant and not be a citizen actually,
so don't put words in the president's mouth.
I don't really mind putting words in the president's mouth, actually.
Former president.
Mm-hmm.
Any other exciting news from the campaign, Tra?
Well, he said we'll do large deportations from Springfield, Ohio,
which we just heard him say.
He says they're destroying the way of life there,
the classic way of life of eating at Chili's.
Okay, now you're just stereotyping Ohio people.
I was trying to think of things Ohio people like,
mostly eating at Chili's, right?
They do other stuff, Rick.
Well, they should advertise that more.
I mean, I'd love to learn more.
A fun fact from Ivan Sleazy, Trump national doral,
his Miami compound,
is smack in the middle of the largest
Venezuelan expat community in the United States,
and that's why he's got so much, you know,
insider information on this.
Haitians to Venezuela, Venezuelans to Ohio,
Ohio to South, South to Ohio, madness.
It's truly what a time to be alive.
You never know where you might end up.
It's a real grab bag of discrimination.
Yes, it's truly a grab bag of discrimination out there.
Ohio authorities have said that there are
no credible or detailed reports to support
the debunked allegations circulated this week
by both Trump and his running mate, J.D. Vance,
who's sitting to my right.
You know what I freaking mean?
Yeah!
Woo!
Gotcha!
Talk to the hand, because J.D. Vance ain't listening.
Hey, Kendall, how's it going?
Hey, Kendall, you want to come here real quick?
Just see how you look with a thing.
He doesn't want to come.
Rick does need to calm down.
I'm just trying to bring a little vested
in verb to this troubling news.
It's wild that
the Venezuela Venezuelan community here
was 80-20 for him until recently.
Now it's 50-50.
Wait, Venezuelans are still supporting Trump?
It seems like a central part of his...
Well, I guess if you're like a legal immigrant
to the country, maybe you have
different priorities than...
I don't know. I actually don't know.
Attacking Hispanics is how he loses Florida.
I guess there could be a contingent
of like authoritarian...
Like, I could see there being conservative Hispanics
that would be like, well, I'm in this country
legally, but I honestly don't know how the demographics break down.
And as usual, case doesn't know.
Uh, debunked allegations, etc., etc.
Trump mentioned the claims debate
during the cat stuff on Tuesday's debates.
We all saw it.
After city agencies were targeted
in a bomb threat, Springfield Mayor Rob Rue
on Thursday called, on politicians,
a tam-town on the rhetoric.
Okay, and here's Kendall.
All right, Kendall.
Can you lean in?
You won't do it.
You're a Tito fall.
Oh yeah, I guess you've done this one before.
Tito, Kenneth.
Wow, it's Kenneth, everybody.
It's good to see you, Kenneth.
You look great.
Mom, okay, maganda.
Oh my God, maganda.
Kenneth, I noticed you're eating
chips with chopsticks.
That's a very smart move on your part.
My fingers are shaking.
Oh, okay.
Okay, so, you're going to be
a very smart move on your part.
It's to keep my fingers clean.
Kind of go.
He's always dancing like this.
He's got those moves.
They're eating the dogs or eating the cats.
Play that right now.
Move out of the way.
Move out of the way.
Play the song.
How do I play it for you if I'm moving?
I'm about to do the beginning of this dance.
God damn it.
I'm not sure I find it.
I have to hear it though.
So let's now welcome the candidates to the stage.
Vice President Kamala Harris.
That's not the good one.
Hello and welcome to the first, the second,
the first 2024 presidential debate.
How are my Ninongs doing?
We just got paid, so you already know
we got to tell them where to go.
It's my 22-year college student
aiming for financial security
and security.
Today we are stuffing a total of
17,500.
Okay, move.
People is about to dance.
Move.
Move.
This is shit. I missed it.
Oh shit, sorry.
No.
Damn it.
Go back to the beginning song.
Here we go.
Eat the cat.
They're eating the cats.
Eat the cat.
They're eating the cats.
They're eating the dogs.
Eat the cat.
Eat the cat.
Eat the cat.
They're eating the cats.
Eat the cat.
Eat the cat.
ABC News did reach out to the city manager there.
He told us there were no global reports.
There's a dog and the cat.
Does everyone know that the pet is being harmed,
injured or abused by individuals
with individual property?
This is the thing.
This is so stupid.
I'm not taking this from provision.
They have to restart it.
What's happening there?
Again, Springfield city manager
says there's no evidence that there at
placement of drugs.
So let me respond to the rest of what you've said.
I
The cat
Okay, so anyway case that's um
That's what's going on with the election
That you're just
Categorizing all that under that's what's going on with the election. Yeah, all that stuff. You just saw that's the election news for the day
Isn't that exciting?
The election is crazy, man
I'm glad we're all having so much fun eating the dogs and cats. Well, you got to have a little bit of fun case
Is reading the dogs reading the cats?
Yeah, that'll pretty much do it
He's gonna deport people you remember when he said he was gonna make Elon Musk part of a task force to eliminate government
Spending that's another thing Trump says he'll do. Oh, yeah
Trump's Elon task force
That's another great reason to
Vote for Trump if you're a fan
Yeah, the Elon government spending tax task force if you love what he's done to Twitter
Get ready for what he can do to every government program. I
Mean, I guess on the bright side. He's unlikely to do half of the things he says
But if he does that one it would be pretty bad. Okay. Well, thanks, Rick
And thanks to all of you for eating the dogs eating it's just fun to say
Department of government efficiency I shit you not oh
They're gonna call it doge with a problem. Is that what they actually said they would call it
I gotta look this up now Department of government efficiency
Yeah, I forgot about this
We have a we do have a clip the suggestion of
Elon Musk
Who has given me his complete and total endorsement that's nice smart guy?
He knows what he's doing. He knows what he's doing
Very very much appreciated
I will create a government efficiency commission task with conducting a complete financial and performance audit of
The entire federal government and making recommendations for drastic reforms need to do it
Can't go on the way we are now and
Elon because he's not very busy
Has agreed to hit that task force be interesting if he has the time
Be a good one to do it, but he's agreed to do it. We're eating ourselves. We're eating ourselves eat ourselves
Eat eat ourselves
It's fun if we said it to a dance, right?
Yes
Need to do it
Okay, well, that's uh, you know, again, that's what's going on in the election
That was a bit of those old bonus news at the end there from a couple weeks ago, but
Do the dance Rick?
Don't have to ask me twice
Although I do have to fight it again. You really need to get this on a button case
Yeah, here we go
Switch it up there that gets confusing they switch it but you know
I'm on the trends the way to go Rick. You're on the trends. I love the trends and I love to spread a little bit of news to all of you
The horse race of politics make sure you keep focusing on that America because it's your call
It's definitely your call how all this goes so spent all of your time thinking about this election and just go ahead
Don't think about anything else for me. Thanks so much. I'll see you soon. They do switch. I swear listen I
Swear they switch
Cats dogs see it switches from cats dogs. How is anyone to keep up?
It's very important. We get this straight. They do switch
Let's switch it up ourselves. Let's send it amongst the webs. Who knows what we've gotten store for us down there
Only one way to find out
Good to see everybody your pal Tyler. Why did he go around?
System of two
To be
Need it we case you gotta update your emails, you know that maybe I can do this weekend. There's a couple of
Additions to the stream that could get some emotes for instance this gorilla deserves one. Oh, he absolutely does hardest-working guy here
Have I ever done this? I feel like you must have if I just kind of cycle through everybody randomly
Did you forget me case? I think you've done it
I
Yeah, well cases jacket got blue-duced recently so it shifts magically between blue and gold
For instance blue and now it's gold. Yeah, that's the power of blue-duce
Kendall, okay. Yeah, she's fine. I thought you said shit. Oh
She did
Thank you. You're all looking beautiful. Okay. There's a lot of internet that we haven't even watched yet
Whoa
Well, we love presidents here on this stream was that yeah for what I've gathered case loves
You just can't get enough of the presidents
You do talk a lot about presidents and here's a classic one. I
Love a classic president. I need about six pairs for some aware
Another thing that crotch down where you're not saying is always a little too tight
So when you make them up give me a inch that I let out there
Because they cut me they just like riding a
These are almost these the best that I've had anywhere in the United States, but
When I gain a little weight they cut me under there so leave me
You never do have much margin there. Let's see if you can't leave me about it an inch from the where the zipper
ends
Round under my back to my bunghole
So now be sure you got the best zippers in them. These are classic that I have and
If you get those coming, I would sure be grateful
Wow
Isn't it beautiful how respectful presidential politics politics used to be case? Yeah, that's true it
It used to have all this decorum and we've thrown it all away now if Trump called to get his you know pants hem
Who knows what he'd say?
He's to be a world of bungholes and cuts. What was cutting him the pants were cutting him
It's too tight and it cut him
That is what he said right? He's getting cut by his pants. You've never gotten cut by your pants
But those gold pants could cut it maybe I just I like to imagine they were just wearing like full thick cotton underwears
With absolutely no gripping gripping this to it. So you know all your parts are just dangling everywhere
Yeah, that's how it used to be
You would find just sort of the thickest cloth and you'd essentially make pants out of it and you'd wear that as underwear
Anyway, that's a nine point sack. That's coming from my grandfather grandpa Tyler
Oh grandpa Tyler. Yeah
from the Tyler family
Razor crotch exactly razor scooting that dick all over your tight pants
You know
We've been watching a lot of cooking videos. Why not check out one more? We got to stop doing AI stuff. I've been on board
But I think we have to stop now
Yeah
Yeah, that's fair. I think they need to show that video to Congress
And I think we have to abandon it's not out of fear of the singularity
It's just out of fear of whatever that is. You're boring. Please stop
Well look, I've never let it being let being boring stopped me before so far beat for me to
Tell AI they need to stop for being boring, but they do need to stop for whatever it that is
Let's just move gracefully ahead to another video immediately. Maybe this guy Tyson will save us from ourselves
Who loves that a one point four? I'm amazed that didn't get the straight zero
But some people are always gonna be impressed by the powers of technology. That's true. That was technology at work
Whoa looks like a puppy
Whoa, was that a Jim Henson puppet Jim Henson's shop creation? It was a freaking Skexie
Man
Dude that looks like an animatronic
Wow
Way cuter than the chicken to pig video
He's just a little scamp. Is that the Peter?
That might have been a that's Papito a couple years ago
Yeah, that's Papito back in its prime. I think he's in his prime now
Wait, that thing was moving. Oh, I
I'm not convinced that that's not a puppet that thing had such strong puppet energy
But looking at the still frames I think it's oh
That's poor guy
Well Tyson, thanks for sharing your dog. It's always nice to share your dog
Everybody loves a good dog there got the man
It's more like baby Jesus in the manger, maybe
It's just a young little guy
Zach Woods is gonna meditate us. Let's see how
Sleep is crucial and you're not getting it if you were awake to hear
What I just said oh shit, he's right
Okay. Oh no
Oh
Man
Yeah, if you don't sleep
Your cells will be ran through as fuck and your body will be like a pointless painting
by George Sirot if he had a dangerous addiction to
To methamphetamine sleep also affects mood
So if you don't sleep
You'll be an absolutely cranky little bitch to your loved ones. Oh
crucial bonds will fracture
You will die
In an apartment
Phone books and rats if you don't fall asleep. That's where we are right now, okay?
It also affects memory to be deprived of sleep so you might not even remember
He's right I forgot forgot what that on bird by what has been
Congrats
Like this is hilarious. Yeah
one of the few people to make it out of
Silicon that's just Silicon Valley unscathed
Well you keep up with celebrity scandals. Yeah, of course I checked the dialyze guys. Oh you got an alert
Let me look at your phone really quick guys
Important that I go through your phone. This is for you. I'll have to help
It's still not here. You're pretty jack-ot
Damn, thanks Tyler. Thanks. Thanks for keeping an eye on my phone for me an 8.25
For our meditative pill
Okay
This could be JD Vance I
Feel like I'm seeing the ghost of JD Vance and I'm not looking in a mirror, so I'm worried
It's so happy. It's the happiest he's ever looked
Find a partner who looks at you the way JD Vance looked at that couch. It's true
You could just commit to what to his bliss. But what is this?
It's a full match
Hog no limit house of glory wrestling. Do we dare watch a three-minute wrestling clip? Oh, you gotta skip around
I like to hit the skip button occasionally
But this looks like it's it's fixing to be our top video of the day so far
I should make something that records these scores and I can tell you what one that sounds like work it would be so
Stop saying things like that out loud and yet you never will
Do a little wrestling you never watch wrestling on this channel
Hog wrestling a 9.81 for JD Vance's coach love
I trust his man
It's a good look for him to return on his investment low keys actually entertaining the idea
This is it
So many wrestlers know how to play Street Fighter
I like to think this is all often treats in food
I
They're gonna sell it though, are they gonna sell it at the end?
They can just keep playing let's jump ahead. Let's go to the dramatic conclusion
Right this face
The actions in town I love it when they cut to a wrestling crowd
It's like a hundred percent guys in hoodies you gotta get your best hoodie on if you want to support your favorite wrestler
Tyler surely you're not calling out
Men for wearing hoodies too much. No, I mean I'd be in a hoodie right now if I'd have to wear this called jacket like not dad
It was like a hundred percent hoodie audience. Yeah
Real fans not a bunch of fake-ass fans
Now let's give roads to two more of these let's catch some that I missed in the last couple days
Whoa, what is this when a one back?
Aggie and Terry
From one extreme sport to another. Let's do it
Hey, friend brother. I didn't kind of hope when he lost he was gonna like do a flip and sell it really hard
He's a secretly 100 guys in a hoodie skin suit as he he does look different a lot of the time. I'll never tell
Check out Aggie and Terry on then right when right when you feel the gravity is pulling it
You'll know yeah, then you either do your lawnmower or helicopter or your pretzel. Oh
Yeah, it's up to you, but like I don't think the pretzels ever been done on the bike
Me and Aggie are basically the same like self-taught pros
Did entirely know what I just saw the Aggie and Terry their self-taught pros
Did I win it's I was impressed in the sense that like I couldn't do that
But is it impressive in the sense of people who do that? Yeah, that's Aggie and Terry dude far as I know that's impressive
Alright
Let's keep it. Let's keep the sports theme going for our last video
I'm liking to learn about the great world of sport
This one's really short, so we'll do two we'll do one more after this one, too
Here's another quick little sport one you just roll your ratings for the this video in the last five seconds here
Well, Texas tech
And show a little bit of everything
Well, Texas tech
And show a little bit of let us replay a few times. What?
Well, Texas tech
Penalty's hit me and show a little bit of everything
What do you see what does it look like I'm watching I'm watching sports and show a little bit of everything
What what do we do it's just a little bit of sports?
No, I Kendall got so upset
Just ringing the sports bell. I mean obviously I replayed a couple times because I like sports. Okay. What is that?
Oh my gosh, I gotta find a non
You find a non animal getting hurt video
Night
Okay, this seems like a good one let's celebrate our powerful elders with this final video the elder video late night pizza cravings
We don't have to run down a dream
Here in the pizza zone
Watch us pour on the sauce on our
artisans
Crafted dough
Spreading the sauce around
That's how you do it
Cheese pizza
whole milk mozzarella
Monterey Jack late night
Running down the pizza green and the pizza zone
Wow, I want some of that Zah
Making me hungry over here damn
Running down the pizza drain
I mean we're all slightly aroused
Arise to purchase pizza. I'm gonna stand up and go got some
That plus that all that sports ringing really got me going slightly
Was it more sexy or more delicious? That's the classic conflict. I know who's can sigh
Who's can sigh guys?
I'll leave it to smarter men than me or women or people or dogs
That was a seven point nine four. I think our winner of the day was
Wrestling Street Fighter
I gotta know I think the winner of the day was JD Vance's coach video. Oh
Well, we don't keep track of the rating very well, so you kind of just call it I
Was eating a pizza before they paid me to eat pizza. Oh
You should start making videos like that guys
You'd learn how to flex your triceps today just flexing tries and eating sauce
Right as off
The Phoebe or phobee Phoebe Kate's Phoebe Kate's right? Oh be Kate's got her to Google it
Phoebe Kate's couch
You like couch case cuz you look like JD Vance. Yeah, I think it's actually in our genetics that anyone who looks like JD Vance
No, I guess I got vacuums actually. Oh, yeah, you fuck vacuums. That's your thing
Anybody looks like JD Vance has to fuck some object. Yeah, and I picked vacuums. He gets a picket birth. Oh good
Okay, well look with that bit of knowledge. I think that's all the time we have for today
We return you from the webs to in fact still the webs, but
Like a less congealed version of it. I think it's how it works. Anyway, thanks for hanging out. I'm Tyler by my
What the fuck?
The ATW chant button. Oh, no the sign is making them all chant
I don't doubt everybody
But the music they sound even crazier anyway, that is all the time we have let's send it back to the main studio
Oh, let's end it with a classic of the classic foot rare triple news do one more news story and get out of here. I
See what I would consider to be a
Classic style barely informed news story. So let's throw it over there
One more news this on this day this great Friday and then it's weekend time, baby. Let's see what's up
Oh good, it's scrum
Hi scrum
Oh
I ate pineapple today, and I'm allergic so I just want to warn you that I may be in a mood
Also, this jacket hurts my eyes. I don't do well with reflected light
Most lights reflected light scrum
That's why it's a difficult world for me
My eyes are sensitive to reflected light hit bull vibes with a gold jacket. I'm in Miami
Trick
Yeah, put on blinders give us all blinders scrum. Oh, you're giving it to me today
Little witty repartee. Mmm. Woody would be a stretch for either of us
Yeah, like yet
Like you had to stretch to fit into that jacket
You ugly heifer
Don't come for me. I wouldn't
Today's top story this guy's dick got food poisoning
This guy okay, what else to crowd scrum
Doctors in Lebanon a phone or rare bacterial infection in a man's penis
That began after he had vigorous sex
With his wife after a meal that count as food poisoning. Well, we're finding out
Is that scrum or Don Riggles with those fiery insults?
Although if I was Don Riggles, I'd say
Your face looks like a butt
And I'd be correct
Don can do better than that. I'm not claiming to be Don Riggles. I can't come up with his stuff as fast as him
That's his job
My job is actually licking envelopes. What?
Hmm. I have a side channel where I lick envelopes and I rate the taste
And it's doing really well so
When we renegotiate my contract good luck you want to eat the cats what?
Yeah, that's fun
The song and that we're making all of the everybody do it. I'm making everybody do it
You want to eat this eat the cat scrum? They're eating the dogs
Dance to this. What?
Dance to this. Why would I do that for you? Fucking dance to this already scrub. I would never
Eat the cat
ABC News to reach out to the city manager there
He told us there had been no credible reports of specific claims of pets being harmed injured or abused by
What did you just do to me?
Is this that song pulls that out of people?
Never do that again
You'd say I didn't do anything scrum
There's a toxic vibe in the studio. It's cuz of you. Oh really?
I'm just trying to report the facts here
Hmm doctors in Lebanon have found have documented unusual infection in a man's penis
Turns out to be what they think it is be the first documented case of this specific
Malady, are you ready for it? His dick got food poisoning. It's kind of already in the headline
The jacket made people do weird things
Get this beast off of me. Oh, it cleans my skin. Why can I get it off?
It's stuck
That's fine
I'll have Pepito take off for you later. No, he'll get his slobber all over me. Oh
Okay, his dick got food poisoning
big laugh
That's the laugh line
It all started when the guy had vigorous sex with his wife
Then he started vomiting and had severe diarrhea. Oh, yeah, let's laugh. No, this is serious
This is a medical then his penis started swelling and reddening and scabbing
So far so good
That happens to you that happens to everybody. Do you know get scabs on the weekends?
Just because of the way your penis interacts with your shorts
No scrum you should get that checked out
Whatever this went on for about a week before he had enough the 38 year old Lebanese man saw treatment from the american university of Beirut Medical Center
After taking a swab of his swollen and scabby penis
The doctors found bacullus serious a type of bacteria commonly associated with food poisoning
Specifically the kind of bacteria that develops on cooked rice that's been left out for too long
He got
Food poisoning rice dick
You're laughing at this man's pain
not the pain
But some of the other words yes
The phenomenon of rice becoming contaminated with bacteria that can make you sick actually has a nickname
Called fried rice syndrome
It's usually not found in a penis
Or you just fuck the rice and this is the cover story. They should include that fact if it's the fact
Well, maybe they didn't investigate enough
Maybe he was trying to maybe it's like when your electronics get in water
You put them in rice. Maybe his penis got wet
So he put it in rice
It's save your electronics. You don't just need to put anything wet in rice then
How come it's so effective at calming my penis and relieving the scabs case
The doctors aren't totally sure as to how this happened, but they have some theories. They are of course disgusting
So this is your last chance to step away
Clear out everyone
You've been warned
Now let's get into the real news
You could read about how a little lost penguin was found you could learn
I'm not going ahead the doctors suspect that during sexual intercourse
His penis somehow came into contact with his own vomit and or diarrhea
Is this story written by like a sixth grader that just was including all the dirty words they could think of
Maybe his penis touched a puke vagina
At this rate who knows
That combined with the vigorous sex may have caused increased blood flow and thus more potential for infection
If all of this sounds too crazy to be true
It was actually reported in an official medical journal called anal
Anals of medicine and surgery
Well, the peer review process means other researchers will now verify its veracity
Doctors prescribed a topical antibiotic that the man was told to apply three times a day
The infection is now gone. His penis is back to its old self. Let this be a reminder to put your penis
Not to put your penis anywhere near your own vomit and diarrhea
during sex
Or otherwise
And what do you have to say now, mr. Blackwell?
We were warned I wasn't ready to hear it. But now I know forever. Don't stick your penis in the poop or the puke
Why was his wife vagina filled with diarrhea and vomit? He didn't quite answer that question for us
Why not just cut it off at this rate?
Been told that actually would be more painful
And I would get phantoms penis scabs
Obviously
I've considered removing it. It's a hindrance
I've considered removing it. It's a hindrance to my daily life and I find sex to be
Disgusting
Well, that's okay. Maybe you're ace buddy
what
Uh, no, no, don't worry about it. Hmm. They could have been doing anal. That would make more sense. But why is there puke in her butt?
I puke every time I see a butt
The disgusting human crevices and the various holes they contain
Miss me with that
miss me with that
literal shit in this case
Okay, scrum well
Thanks for seeing us through this classic bin story of someone having a serious medical emergency that contains the word penis and thus
Because I have the brain of a child. I find it kind of funny
Yep
That's what i'm here for
Indeed you are
And you're here for I don't know what reason but now you're free. Goodbye
Oh, yeah, I need garth to make a song
Well, that'll get us right to two hours if I have him do that so that can be our final activity for the day
A little bit of a garth song
Hmm, let's see
Okay, let's send it over to dj music to help garth figure out what his his big new music is
Uh, and then we'll get out of here for the day. Here's some here's even more of that music. Whoa
Hello everybody
It's your boy
dj
Music there we go
Good to see everybody
I've been summoning back to this roof
Because I've been told that it's time to make some more music for all of you
Yeah, yeah, you save with all these filters on your hard drive or use them directly from snapchat
Uh, I think it saves somewhere on a hard drive, but you know
You have to download like a hack snapchat because snapchat doesn't offer pc support anymore
According to case it's the whole thing. It's the whole annoying thing that he had to do
Yeah, but if you down if you go to
It's like a guy named
ptrump is
Is the is the guy made the hack shout-outs to him. I think case pays him like a dollar a month or something
This is what he accept payment for on
github
He's got a whole cracked version of it anybody ever wants
Their own snap it's like pissed trump. Yeah, but I think it's ptrump
Is but trump trump in the name
I'm using might be a little loud
This music might be just a little loud
Here we go. That's
Just a little slight slightly less loud. Okay. I've been told that we got to make garf
Garf gutter a track
So I guess let's get garf up here
Find out what he wants for himself. He's one of the stages this time garf good to see all of you, man
I
Little bit song right now
I got around
Garf gutter everybody. Yeah, it is
You know
Have you already started now you gotta find out what me want my song to be do the thing
All right, let's see what garf wants his song to be
He should sing the theme of creed with arms wide open
That's definitely an option
Let's see lash pull what should garfs theme be
Garf you got any requests?
Oh
No, man, it's some of the man of the people
Whatever you guys want me to sound to be man. Fuck around make them my son, man
I don't like my voice being a fan. I like my voice more natural. Yeah flag
It's beautiful
Because I got high afro man creeds arms wide open garf
Like like blurs park life
friends in low places
And the entirety of free bird
Oh, that's a long one
The the entirety of free bird. We might be here for a bit, but
Creed seems like a natural fit. I mean, I met those guys. Yeah, man. They're good guys creed girls
Yeah, man. I never heard anything bad about scott stab
Never never I never anybody have anything bad to say about that guy. What a guy everybody loves that guy. All right
This one's tight. This is tight. Oh my god. It's a tie. We're gonna have to do a runoff
Between creed and the entirety of free bird
All right, let's do a quick poll I guess
Uh new poll
Garfs song what should it be?
Creed free bird
Let's find out. We'll just make this poll a minute long
Just a quick minute to sort the best one out go
What do you want down to the wire?
How about
Inagata da vita
Anything of that garf? I mean, I don't see when there are the people one man
Oh, no, this has been opened up to channel points great voting system channel point. Yeah, I vote around with pocus, man
They'll sign without them points. Yeah
Damn, I'll rock wall. Yeah, oh man
Beautiful I can see why so many people want to work with garf
Poised like that. Damn. All right garf. We're settling in here. I'm gonna open up the stuff
We need to make this magic happen. You're getting the full
AI song lyric treatment. What?
Hey, man, I like to write my own lyrics man too bad. It's not what we do
Garcin of blue is a good look. Yeah, I got a little bit of blue just changing up the look
Got a little bit of kind of a blue pompadour sticking out of the back of my hat too
It's important to evolve with the industry. I saw the vma's and I saw a lot of bright colors. I thought let's do it, man
That's smart smart business garf
Okay creed was the winner
So we just got a fill creed up with stuff about you
Oh man
Sort of a mystery mysterious guy, you know, but I guess uh, I guess if we gotta do it
All right
Let's help garf out here
Please write a parody
Of the creed song with arms wide open
Sticking closely
To the original lyrics
But making the song about a
What's your deal
I'm sort of like a
ramblin man a
nomad
Rockstar that's all pretty generic. Okay
Talking about a nomad rock star who doesn't believe
In traditional things
a maverick who
has
lots of blonde hair
and what else
Has met scott step
In person and thinks he's a good guy
Any other fun facts about you garf? Oh, also he owns a hat
That seems pretty good. That should do it. That should be good enough
And is that the sum total of who I am
Just a guy who's met scott step and owns a hat
That's pretty much what I picked up on. Yeah, man. That's pretty much me
And tonight that's pretty much me
All right, let's see. Let's listen to the original with arms wide open just to get inspired here while this generates
with arms wide open
With arms wide open we make this part of the stream red
We get a copyright claim
I gotta find the instrumental real quick. That's what I'm killing time for
Yeah, this is just such a beautiful song
That's been incredible
Indeed this is
What a song
I close my eyes
And hear her hear her
The tears of joy
I'll tear down my face
All right, I got you set up now man
You can just keep this playing if you want, you know, this
I'm in my happy place right now, you know
I put my lighters up
But I saw all the signs about the fire code and I was building will catch fire
Yeah, this whole place is not safe at all. It will burst into flame very easy. Yeah. All right. Well, look, that's
I get it. I know this song obviously
Incredibly well and it's good to see scott
What a guy
What a guy
All right, did you find me that instrumental?
Wait, where'd it go? Ah, here's here it is
Make sure it works
Yeah, there we go. All right
Pop open our lyrics
Yeah, just because you I won't be able to show you them while he's singing. Here's our lyrics
With hat wide open under the sunlight. He's rocking the highways. He's out of sight
Sort of what we're dealing with here
You know what you you see what you're working with here with the here garf. Yeah, man. I mean mission challenge accepted
Usually I like to kind of riff my lyrics out, but
This is how they want to do it here, man. I mean I'm a consummate professional. I can do it all baby
I can do it all man
Play me some creed. Let's do this
Let's frickin do this. Where's where the frick did the okay? There it is. Nice. All right. We're good. Yeah
Hmm or all I just heard the news today seems like this Mavericks
Gonna roam away
He don't believe
In old school ways
He's living free
You know, he won't be
With hat wide open
Under the sunlight
He's rocking these highways. Yeah, he's out of sight
With hat wide open
He'll never come fall
There's no mads in motion
He's breaking the door
Oh
He's got blind hair
Blowing in the wind
He's met scott steppin person. He said he's a good friend
No ties no home
And just his guitar and soul
Another type to settle man
Yeah, now he loves to roll
He's rocking
Upside open
I can't fall
There's no mads in motion
He's breaking the door
And no way to go down
Because the hat's wide open
There's still more
There's still like a lot more man
Wide open you can say
The hat's wide open
Every single day
With hats wide open
Nothing to do for me man. Thanks. Well, shit. He's out of here
Okay, well hats wide open everybody
Hats in chat those hats were wide open, baby. Whoo
All right, I guess that'll do it for today
Another stream is in the bag. Okay
But now we gotta find somebody to raid
Let's see who's on so we can all say hey. Oh, yes
That was nice
The hat was wide open and the lyrics were spice all the lizzons
Come with me
We're gonna raid all the leo god damn day
Hmm
I've been mommy getting her on deck
I've a little may you know, she's the best now. I'm gonna do the roll call. I'm gonna shout you out
Even though the stream is in no damn doubt. All right
Bunnish sprout
Uncle Phil to K
What I hold live and sleazy
What man you
Sending us a little bit of my propaganda. We got psych or in the chat and raise silver
To we got zander f f with the x is it doing we got the woes in chat
So I won't let the moon is forever a baby and you know, you always make me swoon
There's my laser is damn
Great to see everybody today a little friday quick stream. Ah, wooh indeed
We'll see everybody next week. I think we'll be on monday for a call cast and then
Various news is I like to call it music personally
Because that's my name
You know, all right. We'll see y'all soon. Say hi to Avi for me. Have a beautiful weekend. Bye. Bye
La la la la la la la la la
Secret stream just kidding