Going to Rennerton was a bridge too far
But it also seemed to somehow I'm papita. I'm the dog produces the show and now it is live
And that seems to be fine again for now
It fixed it Rennerton fixed it the solution was in the destruction
What does that mean? I don't know I saw someone
Twitter say that
That doesn't sound like it was good. It wasn't a good context then it probably wasn't but I don't understand context anyway
I'm gonna go barf on the electronics that I just cleaned up
Well, that could have been the issue all along Peter or it could have just been that the bark barf fixed the case
Who knows hmm?
Okay, should be back to normal now
Chat are you feeling any better?
I
Still feel pretty fucked up
But now in a more fun way
Now I'm sort of more like fun fucked
Funked you've realized that funk is fucked plus fun
I never realized that look that's entirely right. What is the two words combined fun and fuck had a kid and it's funked
Funko pop is a combination of KO and fuck. I just realized that too
It's not her words work shut
Who says words is just a combination of war and
Nintendo DS but the last two so last two the thing at the end of the DS part
WOR or
DS
Chat can we just talk about um Trump appearing lost I get that because I feel that too sometimes
Sometimes we all feel lost
like just now
And the screen did whatever that is boy this stream is an interesting spot today
It's in a great spot the people are excited
Things are working well enough and my face is back to its usual semi smooth nature
So I see no real issue
Got an issue bring a tissue bitch
What does that mean? I don't know it's like stop crying baby. Well baby bird I
Just now refreshed somehow the dead stream was just as interesting
Interesting. Yeah. Yeah, I could see how like a blank screen
Can serve a similar function to this news that work. Yeah, we sweeper wheat
Prespire
Spire we perspire to be as good as a blank screen as a black mirror
reflecting your dark reality
Do the turned off television?
Ever see that show that shows fucking deep. I like a lot of black mirror episodes actually
He's fucking deep dude. You got to be like you got to have a very high cue to understand Rick and Morty in black mirror
And that's why I could judge it minus guy inside understand both
That's great. Yeah
We guerrilla streaming today. Yeah, there you go
All right. Well, did you want to talk about this Trump thing?
I mean not particularly if I'm being real, but that doesn't mean that I won't how fucking gone
Bring me back my news. God damn it
That right
That one right that one's right
Trump appears lost
Alarm after Trump town hall abruptly turns into bizarre musical event. I keep seeing people linking this I
Can't really tell what happened. So I'm kind of curious
Is this jazz people trying to do the Trump is old stuff which he is
It's accurate to say he's old. He is in fact pretty old
But let's we'll also try to find a video of this but for a little context
Just under 40 minutes the Republican candidate who won't release his medical records
Starting to think salon might not like Trump
What's making you think that I don't know there are a lot of reasons not to like them
Anyway, a Republican candidate who won't release his medical records stood on stage and swayed bopped and danced to a playlist of his favorite songs
It would have been a fitting into a boozy night out with friends
But as the Washington Post noted it was an exceedingly bizarre way to conduct what has been sold as a town hall
Just three weeks before the presidential election
He was taking questions and stopped and said let's listen to music. Let's just search up Trump music town hall
And see if we can find a hot source here
News about Donald Trump Town Hall I want the town hall. Oh my god
It didn't look it was it didn't start very well either apparently
Why are you hating on these hard-working Americans just enjoying their Trump Town Hall?
I think if anything actually based on the pre-stream here Trump was kind of reading the room
These people love music
They love being pretty confused looking are these two about to fucking fight what's going on here
The real news was in the pre-show, but nobody bothered watching it till now case they had the heat way up and people passed out
You know it's when you see the Beatles people would fight
I'm still standing that looks at the many not much longer
They do look like a crowd that's ready to
Absolutely topple over
Let's see the transition to music here
Let's see where the transition happens
Okay, let's go full screen for this
The wall
How will Trump handle the deportation of criminals my guess is he's gonna say I'll deport them
And unfortunately if you listen I can I kind of actually prefer the dancing part based on this line of questioning
And what I expect the answer is gonna be but let's find out
To do what has to be done to secure our country
How do people intentionally the polls go to these events and listen to this
Number two is inflation. Let's even put them together and number three is the border. I disagree
I think I agree. You think it's just the border the number one. He's setting his priority has
Who are they pointing at?
Are they pointing at the border?
What oh someone was passing out
It's steaming in here
Trump looks cool as a cucumber
Solution to people getting too hot and passing out was fuck it
Let's just dance around the music for the next 30 minutes
Open the door
That's a classic dad solution don't turn on the AC
Open the door. He's looking out for the people so the music begin. Oh my god
This looks so fun. What about it looks fun shut it's hot
There's yours no telling what might happen. There's a stage
Okay, what's the fun part? There's a big screen that says Trump town hall
And there's a lot of technical downtime. This is all stuff. You're supposed to like case. I
Do love some technical downtime and a big screen that says words
It's just like this is a really long time to help someone outside
Total power out of it outage for five minutes. I really don't know what happened. Must have just been some maybe there's an OBS resource issue
Let's talk about tech while they have tech. Okay, we got to skip ahead
What does he get to just drop in a beat? He's gonna be good
Dr. Trump is on the case. Don't worry
Dr. Trump medicine woman. Oh shoot. We also lost our frickin multi-chat thing
I can't even see I see YouTube comment in there
Apologies are YouTube comments have been off due to various technical issues on our end. I think
Jeb passed out earlier. Well, Jeb just passes out randomly
So we can't be playing for that
Jeb just gets randomly worked up, you know kind of like a dog that buzzes
Not Papito surprising. This is getting boring from I
I
Wish we could open those doors to the outside so they can't even open the doors
Such a long this see this is he's comfortable in the silence case the consummate performer
He's owning the stage
He's saying no rush for me to talk
In a sense, no one in this room matters, but me I have the microphone performer
He just said take your time. Oh my god
Let's get ahead a little bit
What point does he what point does he make the decision to play music?
Anybody but everybody came in through the doors not any more case
Doors have been closed those doors are now a border
It's really warm in here. We've got a lot of show ahead
I'm gonna ask that if you have a chair maybe sit so everyone around you can sit and still see
Where does Trump think he is right now? KFC rush of Florida Rennerton or hell?
It's gotta be hell right
He says he enjoys it
Some people have been waiting here for two days for this so you know it's a little bit
It's a little bit tough, but they're gonna try and get those doors open
And I don't know who's building this is but if they had air conditioning, I don't know what I would ever I see Trump
I feel like there's a buffet just off screen
They don't want to give us air conditioning is still expensive
But they're both okay, they're both they're both in good shape, that's wonderful with anybody else like to faint
Please raise it. Let's do it now. Please raise your hand. You know what we could do though. What's that if my guys can do it
How about
We'll do a little music. Let's make this a musical
Okay, that's where you made the shift. Oh
That's great
That's great
Because it's nice and cool. Maybe he'll be like me one minute Trump just rap
Why don't we do it and I mean this if my guys can hear me two things put up the chart my favorite chart
Favorite all-time favorite
And let's listen to Pavarotti
What sing Ave Maria? Can you hear my god? This is the level of a Maria with no voice
What does that to do with the chart? It is that's my favorite piece of paper anywhere in the world
I sleep with it every night. I guess that's some kind of immigration chart or something
And you see those numbers by the way for those that we talked about you know the border when you're talking about the border
What a surprise of the numbers that was the lowest it ever was right there
That was the last day I was in office the lowest the border ever was
Then they turn the border into a mountain people come in that's actually a topographical chart
So very very important, but there's a one of my most favorite if I didn't turn to the right
I wouldn't be here with you right now. I didn't turn to the right
sort of a cruel world
What is he talking about of that before the fact now even if it had lousy numbers
I would love that piece of paper a lot so put on Pavarotti singing what
Nice and loud turn it up louder. We want a little action here. Whoa. That was surprisingly incomprehensible
Sorry, let's run that back. I need to really we need to really pay attention to what the former president is saying here
Former and maybe future we loved Biden so much. We want some of those Biden vibes back
But I was very proud one of my most favorite if I didn't turn to the right
And so we're gonna get it lower than that, but we're gonna let people come in
We're gonna let people come in people come in very very important
But there's a one of my most favorite if I didn't turn to the right
I wouldn't be here with you right now. I didn't turn to the right. So he's what he talked about 20 cruel world
2008 now I was very proud of that before the fact now even if it had lousy numbers
I would love that piece of paper a lot so put on Pavarotti singing
Ave Maria nice and loud turn it up louder. We want a little action here turn it up louder
What are they they'll just have to put up with it? Oh my god. This is real power
No one knows what the fuck he just said
No one knows has any idea what's supposed to be happening
But Trump said play Ave Maria and bring up the chart and now they're all just fucking waiting
It's like an inside joke
Did I need to watch the first ten season of Trump to understand what's happening here?
Who's that guy?
Maybe we just watched this
All stream long. I think maybe everybody needs to experience this once in their life
The Ave Maria trump town hall
I we all feel like weeping right now
Locopuppet, thank you for the 22 months
How long how long is just gonna go?
It's a good question
We still have
They do a full 30 minutes of this
39 minutes of just this
It's official you're weeping
It's just that level of showman, you know, he evokes emotion. He can't stop it
Let's just let this play in the background. Let me let me run down what he said right before doing this
Just so I understand he said bring up that chart
That's a beautiful piece of paper. It's some kind of immigration chart, right?
You're tracking it. You're doing it. You're doing it live. Okay. It's an immigration chart. It shows that
More illegal people are coming in and they're illegal people
There people have been been declared to have entered the country illegally by someone depending on what insane chart
He's even looking at then he said
That he loves it
That he never would have been here if he didn't turn to the right
But yeah seemingly mentioning that he used to kind of be a democrat then he said I'll still let people in
Yeah, he's tough on immigration to a point
That seemed to kind of stun the crowd into silence
then
He said even if it the numbers weren't good, I'd still love that piece of paper
Yes, the
I guess he's the idea is he has an individual chart that he printed out
And he loves the paper that the charts printed on
He's fallen in love with the paper itself questions. Let's just listen to music. Let's make it into our music
Let's make it into a music. I want to hear questions, right?
It's a town hall. Isn't that beautiful though? It's such a beautiful and we played that in butler, pennsylvania
We had a moment of silence and then we had the bells of notre d'homme
Go off and then we had a great opera singer christopher who was so incredible and a great great opera singer
That's pavarotti pavarotti
I guess is uh, I actually asked christopher
I said, uh, your voice is incredible. How does it compare to pavarotti? No, no, no, sir
He was the maestro. He was the greatest of them all and this man's voice. You all probably heard it
He was phenomenal, but he said no, no, no pavarotti was the greatest
Maybe uh, we'll play. I'll look at these two. Say goodbye when we end. Okay, sounds fantastic
All right. Do we want to do that? Absolutely
Instead of your normal like rock out of the place
And then you're gonna say time to go to bite then you're gonna go vote and we're gonna win the state of you know, we win pennsylvania
We win the whole thing
We're gonna win
We ended on like a political statement
We're gonna win the whole thing right so, uh, it's gonna really be something we uh, we just had some numbers coming out of virginia
Which is great. Oh numbers out of virginia. That's great numbers coming out of vote. We win this commonwealth
We win the commonwealth of pennsylvania. We are in clover and then we're gonna fix our country and we're gonna fix it fast
We're gonna fix it fast
So get that song done. Okay, get that song ready. We're gonna have a beautiful you could just sit
By the way, they're even having trouble bringing up a song
Go so fast. Well, you know that googling can take a minute case play a couple of songs
Some of you will be a little warm, but that's okay. It's not a bad thing
Yeah, did you release a polka's but I think it would be beautiful. Don't you think a little different?
I think it'd be amazing sir. Nice to have imagined. Isn't it a nice thing to have imagination. It's like
When camala's teleprompter went out the other day
She was how are they still laughing?
Wet yoke was made
He still somehow has their attention. I gotta give it up to him for at least maintaining this crowd's attention
You can't wait to never hear his voice again
I would love that as well, but
I don't know
It's hard to say you might have to hear it again
Yes, this is is better than watching fox news all day
Maybe at least there's more graphics on fox news. Well case has a bias towards liking graphics
For your average person what you apparently want is
To listen to your grandpa, but not your grandpa
just sort of free associate memories with
Some kind of plan that he currently has to win a thing
He feels like yeah, he's got a very vague plan to win a thing. He's excited about numbers
He loves his paper poll and he wants to listen to music
Let's see what else he gets at 32 days
Did you see where they get the music?
Okay, let's do a couple of quick ask questions
So Justin, how about a couple of really beauties and we'll sit down relax. Let me just give it a couple of really beauties
We win
Pennsylvania. Yeah, I do we win this great common. Well, we are going to win the whole ballgame. It's such an important place
And we relate and and we are up in the polls fairly nicely
Fairly nicely fairly nicely, but it's really important
Get to the music
Teasing his music he used to go on so much. We will stop maga. We will stop
You know remember with the purple background the pink and purple
He looked like the devil right, but she's worse than him remember it, but they would say we're going to stop maga
You know, I don't think my stream is too confusing anymore
If people are done to listen to this, I think my stream is actually
fairly coherent
No
No, I think that rally might still be more coherent than this stream
I'm I'm making the bold claim that this stream is more trackable as to what's going on
More or less your lotion. I said more or less
fairly nicely bigly hugely
The four flavors fairly nicely bigly and you hugely yep. Those are the four flavors that your tongue can
taste
I didn't know that those are the four flavors I can taste at least
I think he's about to get to the music
Maga means make
America great again
I mean we're gonna stop and we are indeed going to make America great again. America has never
I just got that. Oh now we're a nation in decline and we're not going to be in decline for long
Let me tell you every country respected. Oh my god. Let's send president trump. I should loud
Let me hear that music, please
Everyone let's thank president trump. I should loud
Yeah, thank you for that
Let's send president trump back to the white house
Wait a minute. Sorry. This is the best part of my guess
Thank you everyone. Thank you everyone
You conservatives love pavarotti
I don't understand why trump loves pavarotti and musicals so much
he's a very
If you have a lack of coherency, you know, I kind of get it. He's like a new york rich guy
All his best memories are of the 90s going to Broadway probably but
How are they?
In their defense
Granted this room has to smell terrible. It's full of a bunch of people over 70
That are just sweating till they literally pass out
But other than that
I mean, I would certainly stay out of curiosity at this point
I would definitely be somewhat hypnotized by the strangeness of this scenario
Seeing as I currently am
Like this is just not I'd heard of this but I didn't realize just how awkward it is
It's some good shit. This some people would say
Because pavarotti was a fan of trump when he was alive. So trump continues to crow about it
Oh, like how he got andrew Lloyd-weberti gets once and he can't stop talking about that or whatever
I guess if I mean I guess maybe they can't some people seem to be leaving there's shuffling happening at least
I would just be so confused in this crowd
Because you don't you're not a patriot like these people they're committed. So this goes on for
Longer
Why is he staying a good question? Why doesn't he just end this?
And man, is he just like I guess he just likes people looking at him
We want to see the music switch today
He is vibing out. This is this is a slightly k-hole behavior
Not to be confused with the k-hive
It's a much deeper hole
Oh
These people just laughing
Now snl's not this experimental lady side tricks
Maybe they literally can't open the doors
He did say the doors couldn't be open for safety reasons
For everyone's safety. They need to stay in this
MAGA hot box
Just getting blasted with pavarotti
Whoop, so they cut the audio feed and just played that
Now I'm wondering whether people in the room could hear a man's world
There's the man right there. Okay, let's jump towards let's jump to the next track
Yeah, they are he is acting like a
Liberty City NPC
system real like gta 5
When you go in a building
and they've prepared a little scene
for you
But they didn't really plan it that much so they just run out of dialogue and then the NPCs just kind of loop
Wait a minute. Is the pavarotti version of a man's world?
Oh, yeah, it's still pavarotti
I didn't even know there was a pavarotti version of a man's world
That's what he's doing. It's trying to inform his people of the classics
They did do this for 30 minutes. I mean, I'm watching way more of this than I usually watch at things
But I'm still skipping around. I have more to say
This has been an honor tonight. It has to do another question or two if you'd like but probably
Oh, they want question you wanted you one you wanted let's go. Oh my god. They're so hungry for a question
But it ends so beautifully. How about this?
We'll play
YMCA
And we'll go home
But listen, whatever you could do get out there. We have to holding them hostage with the promise of question election
In the history of our country and you know what? I never thought I'd say it again
I said it was but there's never been spirit that we've seen like this and that's because we saw how bad they are
I have spirit vision currently and frankly, he doesn't answer a question again
What they thought those two people that went down are patriots and we love them
And because of them we ended up with some good music, right? Right?
So play YMCA go ahead. Let's go nice and loud
Oh my god, this lady is holding it together as best as she can
This has massive retirement home vibes
Couldn't have said it better myself
Glad to see that the current and the former president are so on the same page
And how they run their lives
Great options all around
What a time to be alive
So is this it does is this does he end on is he actually end on ymca? Well, I'm afraid there's only one way to find out
What if you just did a full-on break dance on him?
I'm gonna be like
Yeah, shut this is your song. My song is totally different in this. It looks like he's gonna cry
How he's deeply moved Trump to his core
So I'm playing in his head is that all there is?
What the fuck how'd we get to this?
Did they did they explain this transition?
Did he just say let's do another one?
Oh, he did like muting the crowd audio. I want to hear the crowd react to ymca. Nobody's leaving. What's going?
There's nobody leaving
The doors are locked
Should we keep going?
All right, turn that music up turn it up. I just never seen someone just stand still essentially and play music
And everybody just has to stare at him
And this song was written this is exactly what they were picturing
Is this I guess this is the song that's playing
They play another song
Does he keep introducing them? Is he just pranking everyone? Is it all been a prank?
Was it just to make a bunch of like salt of the earth republicans listen to this music on repeat?
Yeah, you think shanado counter wouldn't be his favorite, but
Why are they cheering? What are they cheering? Just the song?
You're not gonna cheer for this? Oh the door's gotta open
That would that would get a reaction. It's like the the off-screen beat spot a wrestling event
Because he can't do trump when you're no longer among us
Kendall's calling me. So I'm just gonna let this play for a second. Oh, I do this
Sorry, I just wanted to let you listen to this song really enjoy it
Incredible song nobody's leaving
Nobody's leaving
He's just doing his hitchcock fucking pose that he always does does he want to leave?
Okay, that's gotta be the last song nothing compares to you
Nope
Is he redo Pavarotti?
Oh, he plays the wasn't ready for the flute
He wasn't ready for just the flute. He's my emotional destiny
Stir the spaghetti with your finger
You there
Did they cut the stream or does he walk off stage?
I'm really curious what's gonna happen first. No, they play another song
They play fucking Richmond guy
Damn that guy may have said that he wasn't really down for to be a republican
Specific artists, but it didn't stop them
The stream's just gonna end
They just cut it who knows how long they were there. Maybe they're still there case Richmond north of Richmond
That'd be kind of a bummer because that guy sort of
Made a point to be like I don't really want to become like a
conservative dog whistle artist
But it was really too late given that he wrote like a bunch of fucking
lyrics about
Hellfair Queens essentially. Oh, yeah, he did do that
So I he probably is doing fine, but it's just funny to see that that song
Of course regardless of whatever he said
still became
Trump rally fodder
PBS said no more someone had to stop I guess
I do wonder if they're still there. Does does the story have any more details?
Were they trapped 30 miles outside of Philadelphia?
Yeah, it was supposed to be an hour long opportunity to hear Donald Trump answer questions
Okay
After precisely four softballs by vetted members trump stopped taking questions, which we saw and he said let's not do anymore
He played the village people guns and rovers roses rufus wainwright noted trump had rufus rate wainwright
I think we can just say that shot. Well, surely rufus gave the sign off, right?
Hmm
Christy gnome was there
The dog killer yep the slayer of beasts
Uh
Sir do you want to play our song and greet a few people gnome asked at one point what song trump responded
Well, you said you wanted to close with a specific song
The music did play for some time. We saw it
Even for his latest performance there were growing concerns about trump's fitness for office
Here's the thing though. I don't really find any of that that far outside of
His huge that just I like I'm seeing it in practice is shocking
But hearing about it. I was like
Yeah, this just sounds like a thing you do and even seeing it. I'm like, no that's in line with who he's been for like the last 10 years
I mean
What would be some of the songs on chet's rally playlist? Oh great question. Um kiss from a rose on the grave
um
A hero can save us off the spider-man soundtrack by creed
um
the avengers theme
and
The
Batman begins soundtrack in its entirety and then
Probably the dark man theme
Why is it all superhero themes because it's that a hero can save us. I'd be running for office
I'd essentially be running to be the nation's spider-man
Trump get Trump's running to be the nation's pavarotti
And as an independent voter, I don't know how to feel about that
What does it mean to be the nation's pavarotti?
it means
You gotta show up in a suit wherever they tell you and then just kind of stand still and say stuff
No, he was a singer
Singing is just speaking
with music
Anyway, that's my playlist
It's a confusing time it really is
Trump closed with a song. I don't want her you could if you don't I don't want her you could have her
She's too fat for me. I'll take it back. I want that on my playlist, too
Dark man three die dark man die a classic
Maybe I wouldn't play any music. I just make them watch dark man three die dark man die
Blank man theme another excellent choice
Your chin is affecting your microphone. By the way, what do you mean?
Yeah, it's a powerful chin lose yourself by Eminem
Oh venom by Eminem. Absolutely venom
Dude, I wish I could get on a venom soundtrack so bad. That's my fucking shit, man
Then um
I didn't love the movie, but I love the soundtrack
That's a really common take actually a common chat w. Yeah, that's a w take for me jet
Well, uh, does that count as an election update? Um, I will say yeah, sure. That's how the election's going
Don't pay attention to polls
polls are bad
For certain people the polls aren't looking great for certain people
But I'm gonna say whatever that is is that's my election prediction. Your election prediction is just whatever we just saw
Yeah, that's the official case black. Well election prediction is
Watch whatever we just saw
And that's what's gonna happen. Oh no
Actually sounds really bad
Yeah, that's that's a fairly pessimistic prediction, but that's where I'm at
All right, well, and I'm where it was that in that we watched all that and but not the nicks show the thing that was
Equally as confusing to me as children doing sketch
But to you that was just actually news and of the time now it is done. See you soon
Yeah, that was a little nauseating
I do feel
Like worse for sure after watching that
So that in a sense that's the power of politics
He pulled a motion out of me
Yeah, wait until the cheeto wins and we have a mandatory country where I'd break every day to watch him listen to a song
Yeah, I mean
You don't get sharper unfortunately past a certain point as you age
Especially when certain signs start showing
As the current president unfortunately also proves so I don't know if it's the same
Like trumps felt like he had dementia to me also for a while
I mean, I remember in 20s like
2020 being like because my dad had dementia that was getting dementia around then
And trump was running against biden. I was just like jesus
Everyone in my everyone on the tv and so much of my life is dementia fennel
Um
So I kind of felt like he was already kind of crazy and well not crazy is the wrong word, but you know, well not for him
You get what i'm getting at
I was already worried about it in 2020. So I imagine it's worse in 2024 and it would certainly be worse by 2028
If we make it there
I'm gonna make it to 2028. There's no stopping me
I put half of me in a time capsule
So if I lose this half the other half's gonna make it who knows how far in the future
Hey like a
Salamander I put
But like big part of my talent there
So it'll just if I pass and that half will take over
That rally was something like north korea would do
I've never seen a north korean rally
So I don't know that might be an insult to north korea actually
Think here people with dementia that shit is rough. Yeah, I mean, it's not great, but uh
It seems like our whole nation might get in on it if we're not careful and it seems like we really don't want to be careful
The pageant. Yeah, you know what? I feel like there would be more pageantry in north korea
That was just a teleprompter and a man standing still on stage and occasionally doing this
Essentially doing a crumb dance
And that's an insult to crumb
What is papito's rally playlist some songs involving cheese?
The song
I don't know song titles because i'm a dog, but you know that one
Okay, what else?
one that's like
okay, and also
Double went down to georgia. Hmm whatever that one is
Also, I should know all human songs to me sound like a terrifying deep voice demon. They sound like this
Oh
Why'd you like that? Why do you like any music? I don't it's awful for me human music is awful for dogs
Oh damn
Papito's in a slayer
Deep human music is basically imperceptible to me
That's what it's like to dog
Hmm
You learn more every day. Well, let's learn what's going on on the webs. It's time for amongst the webs
The news is confusing and depressing or sick and awesome because everybody's just jamming
I'm sort of split. You don't know where you landed on that segment
Well, like I was confused as to why it was going that way because I didn't understand that's what politics was
But I also love people just kind of jumping out in a room. So I don't really know where to land
Sometimes the world's confusing
Anyway, good to see everybody. I'm tyler. Hi tyler. Thanks for being here
Thanks to all of you for submitting your videos at the cream dot team in the back feed section
Been threads you can go to amongst the web
That's a lot of words
It's like exclamation point discord. It'll link you and then you can just figure it out
It's still back feed news though. Yeah, but it's got been threads. Oh
It all makes sense then
Let's go into the webs that we've assembled for the day
Listen, we've talked. Whoa. Look at this guy. We've talked about showmanship. Oh my god. We talked about showmanship today
Let's see it at its highest form
And we'll see who we think is the better showman what we saw earlier or what I'm about to show
Randy Savage aka bonesaw McGraw doing the spider-man movie right over here in
California
Bonesaw McGraw the toughest guy that ever lived and uh everybody's got confidence in me because they put up money
And I back it up because we don't have to pay anybody three thousand dollars because I beat up everybody
You know what the deal until they get this unknown guy
There's always one person that wounds the party and we got this guy called
Spider-man beat him up knock him out Sam reigning taught me so much. It's unbelievable man. Just follow him around
It always sounds like he's doing a motto man
I mean we just kind of like uh kind of have blind faith, you know, it's just the opposite of wrestling
They said you out there on your own. Uh, it's kind of live at five but over here. He's got that uh, pov
I've learned some three letters to put together now. You know what I mean? I'll be directing pretty soon
I think you know, I don't know uh these guys know what they're doing
Columbia pictures and it's pretty sweet. Just I'm just glad to be a part of it
Is he hitting
I don't know. Oh my god wrestling like Kenny Omega these guys, you know, I'm into my own thing
I guess that makes me a good actor when you get into the role. Uh
You know, I woke up this morning and somebody said hey, Randy. How you doing? I said, hey
Bone saw how you're doing? You know what I mean? So I'm into the character. I'm into the character. You know what I mean?
That's a good thing. That's cool. If it's an eagle problem that I have then that's bad
bone saw
Damn
It's good to see him that is right before the uh
Well end of his career and unfortunately end of his life
I guess
You know, at least he doesn't have to do whatever's Hogan's doing now
Yeah, we can only pray that if he'd stuck around a little bit longer
He wouldn't have gone full Hogan mode with it. Granted. He hated Hogan, right? Oh, yeah
Superpowers de-united
so
You could just imagine Randy Savage having a podcast and maybe they're not being a healthy thing for all of us
But what we got from him
If you did, you know that voice you can just listen to it all day that soothing voice
That was a decade before his pat passing
Really that was 10 years before it. Damn. I had really condensed that time. I thought that was like
a couple years
The Randy Savage rap album pretty much sums up his whole life. It's the power of music
But we're on a superhero kick right now. Let's keep it going.
Oh
Whoa, whoa, uh-oh
You know, I don't know much about bodybuilding, but I do think
Though his back poses were excellent
I think he would lose a little bit. He'd lose a couple points for a lack of forearm definition
The forearms were big for sure. But yeah, they were
They're lacking just a little bit of that classic definition you're looking for out of your bodybuilder
And he could really he could really work on his hand
definition as well
He's got to get that grip strength up
He's a huge dude, you know putting up big numbers
For size he's putting up huge numbers
At 8.98 rough your strong start today
Okay, what's this guy doing guy on coach could go anywhere
I foot fell asleep
Thank you. I got you
The joke here is that his foot fell asleep so we used an alarm to wake it up
I love that
You didn't react at all as a thinker. I had to think about it
But not I thought about it. Good one
I love the voros twins
I just love the vor guys
I love some vor bros
So twins why not?
Pretty solid pretty solid joke
I think explaining the joke might have might have been the joke. Well, now you're explaining the joke about explaining the joke case
You lose they win deal with that
I mean in the sense they do and I watched it now. I know who the voros twins are. I think they they did win
Sometimes the scores aren't reflective of how much you won
a little bit of a come down off some early high scores, but
Comedy is subjective. Sometimes it's non-existent
Let's see some nazis drive boats
buses
Wow, florida on florida crime. You hate to see it
Let's just watch it one more time though just from the middle
buses
Damn, they just kind of took it. They slowed the boat right down
You know real real lake people
I always have those kinds of tricks where they know how to just blast you with water
My most lakeified cousin you have a lakeified cousin. Yeah, my cousin. Who's the most lake?
Who I won't dox, but he's very good at blasting people with jet ski water just with laser lake precision
So I kind of recognize that vibe
Was that trombone splashing a nazi trombone?
Definitely was a boat out around the same time as the boat rally which featured various trump nazis, so
You know, we can at least we can unify against certain threats. I guess
Just the regular the trump nazi light was like i'm not going for the trump trump nazi hard. Well
I guess we have to be the side of the splashers
Yeah, you gotta go to the side of the splashers here if you have to pick a side
I have no idea. Maybe they were just some gentle boaters out. They were there out for some boat justice and they got it
What am I even looking at? Oh, shit. I think it's time for some extreme action
E2 one batman
Shit he is bat. Oh
Uh-oh depending on where you end your video it kind of feels like a cliffhanger
Well, let's have to assume that I went well. I mean it goes well for batman
Yeah, I'm just gonna assume that was fine for him
What's my blah-bah talking about? I don't know
All right, you know, he's probably fine
He's just semi-confident that he's probably fine. What else do we have today?
Oh animal time
Let's see. Let's go to the lighter side of the internet find out what the animals are up to
enough people jumping off things and nazis and
Then the wrestler videos were fine. Anyway, here's a cat
What are you doing this? No
I would I liked the way that he was living his life. Sometimes you got to reconsider everything. Maybe that's what happened to trump
He's like, what am I doing up here? Let's play music. I need to cover
Little introspection never hurt anybody. I felt it did
Yeah, who knows maybe nor is off in a corner right there right now doing exactly that
Could have been kevin
That was kevin in 2008 before he decided to change the world
Sometimes you have to have a little existential time. That's good for your brain
Like sometimes I ask myself like
Wait a minute. What? And I think that's healthy
To good point silent 9.25 a solid score existential cat
Here's an existential question
Uh
Why are they doing this? I don't know that counts as existential case. I don't know
Ask yourself why though in this next video
Not the ending I expected let's see that one more time
Okay, I don't have an answer as to why they're doing that
Because it's sick. Oh good point. That was kind of sick
I'm surprised you can be in such good shape after all of those forces moving on your body
He's a trained professional. He moves with it. He's like
Just move your face too. Yeah, my face is moving all over the place
People trying to leave the mago rally. That's why he said you can't leave. That's what was going on in the parking lot
It was unsafe driving condition
Sometimes you do what you can to get out of traffic
All right, it's time for another animal video. You know what? I've seen this one
This might be a classic, but we're gonna watch it anyway. Okay. I can't deny there are some moves there for sure
aru indeed
They had dancers legs. They had big thick dancers legs. Yeah, and big dancers haunches
Wow big thick dancers haunches on the legs
Oh, you're discovering that you like something there, tyler. I never saw that. I don't like it
I respect all forms of cat people
That's beautiful tyler
I've got a very wide open brain
Some people say they wouldn't even need to use making a decision to operate on my brain case. That's how open it is
No need to cut there
Get back to nature everybody
An 8.87 very respectful
I'm a man
I'm a man. I'm a man, man, and I'm man enough
I'm man enough to enjoy a barrel-proof bourbon meat man enough to cook my steak rare
Man enough to deadlift 500 then break the out of my daughter's hair. You think I'm afraid to rebuild a carburetor
This is how you carburetor
I ain't afraid of bears. That's what bear hugs are for. I'll tell you another thing. I sure as s***. I'm not afraid of
Women I'm not afraid of women. I'm not afraid of women. They want to control their bodies
And let's say go for it. They want to use ivy to start a family
I'm not afraid of families. They want to be childless cat ladies. Have all the cats you want
Woman wants to be president
Well, I hope she has the guts to look me right in the eye and accept my full-throated endorsement because I'm man enough to support women
Man enough to know what kind of donuts I like. Wow
They are that's yeah, they're man
That's the power of man
You know, I can also do a push-up and would vote for a woman
Wow, you can be as macho as kase if you're willing to do a push-up. They should have redone that ad with me
You know
I'm man enough to sit in a computer chair
up to 10 hours a day
Editing and I vote for a woman
The world can finally be just like kase
I'm man enough to customize a bunch of
uh
Stock assets off a variety
of stock asset websites
And I'd vote for a woman
Full-throat is a great twitch username. That's crap
The solid seven. I do sometimes wonder
When it comes to like political ads
I have no idea. I have no idea what actually
Would like reach into the brain of people that
I don't know where if you're pro life, aren't you just gonna see that ad and get enraged?
No the comedy of it like
Parts your brain and it sneaks in and it whispers to you
Up in your mind. That's the power of comedy. Oh
Yeah, maybe I don't know. I don't know
I if I had to run like uh
If I had to if I was tasked with writing political ads, I would truly have no idea what to do
But if I have to write an ad for pizza hut
And then I'm then I'm coming pre loaded with ideas
woman mouth it
Unto my voice woman mouth it real man fall throughout their opinion
Yeah, maybe that was what the ad was getting it. I don't think that's what the ad was getting at
Okay
Someone's telling us to stop
Telling us to sdfu, but I say no
I will make us watch this
Confusingly that's also an ad for kamala harris. Wow. He's really taking all sorts of tactics here
I think that one is an even stronger message actually
That's of course coming from
Cluner
That's a cluner original
We skipped uh when they played that at the trump rally that that one that one was after pbs stopped running it unfortunately
They've tried trump really should have just played that it pretty much summed up what he was doing
Maybe it's two on the nose, you know
You don't want to go into like a derelict factory and then play brew springsteen song
Or maybe you do all right. Let's do two more
Ooh, let's get an old ad in here running ad run right now
People were not as huge a fan of shut the fuck up and suck my dick
All right, we're campaign testing these at where we're focused testing these ads right now
And it turns out the man was slightly more effective
The problem is a group of persons known as son of cb or rot rot
Who fill the airwaves with the vilest sort of language imaginable?
And the south side cbers claim the fcc has failed to act in the matter
Today we heard a tape recording of rot rots brand of radio
Well, we've just about had to shut it off and not even turn it on except when it's necessary because it has been affecting my son
he's three and
he's uh
Picking up on it too and we just I can't tolerate it at home
Did you want to do it so perfectly still okay?
And I'm staring
Oh
That's what I'm talking about
Adults adults just never understand the next generation's taste in music, you know
It's like crash out music, you know if you've got young ears, it sounds great
You got all the errors. You just don't gotta
Honestly now rock rot is a little too old-timey for me. I feel like I'm listening to someone play a banjo and sing about like
the field growing
Rock rats too behind the times. What do you listen to now?
I listen to uh
crap crop
What's crap crop like?
rap
but
crop
It's rap but crop. Yeah, it sounds like this
Ah
That's rap but crap
Hmm
Let's give it a toilet. No, that's old shit. Well, I'm crop-roff on it
What are you saying? I don't know okay. It's play more videos
Up wasting time
This is another classic
I feel this little things giving it my during sex I lose my place
No respect no respect staking sex my favorite pair
No respect no respect. I haven't both the same way
I know I'm old I could go any minute just like the hammer
I got a kidney shape pool with a stone in it. No respect. No respect. Dr. Vinny boom bot. That's another one
Also, I said I want to stop aging. He gave me a gun. No respect. No respect. I told him I got water on the knee
He gave me a sponge and razor speed
What's the matter Rodney?
It ain't easy being me. It's just rapping and riding
Rocker fireman appears
No, no, rapping, Rodney
Get out of sight. It's just rapping, Rodney
Make no mistake or oh
Rapping, Rodney
Can't get away
Oh, he got killed
By a snake
Nothing goes to Rodney. Oh, no, he's an havenna
What are you saying?
I'm like people fine united
No respect
Slightly delaying our copyright strike there will keep playing it
No, I'm sorry. We have to return to rocker fire
It turns out might be a hot lady under this gorilla mask
I guess that was an executioner's mask
Is rocker fire gorilla an executioner?
No
It's just slightly similar look
Oh
I miss Rodney too
That's that's back when music fucking slob
Yeah, the genre of Rodney danger field music
That's the 10. That's the top video of the day
I mean, there's no competing with that
Unless of course I search up thanks givner by request of sabrichi
Which is probably just on youtube
Shoot
Is it in here somewhere?
Thanks givner. I don't know if I can find it
Thanks
Givner
I'm getting slacked
You're getting slacked since when you have a job
Sorry, let me just check this real quick
Hmm, okay. I have no idea what anyone's talking about in this
That's fine though
Just really trumping out today guys, so I'm letting them listen to music
They're tired of videos. They just want to listen to music
All right. Thanks givner. It's in the thread
Where are you?
Search function, please work
Thanks giv
Huh?
Oh
Hmm, where could it be?
These like aren't showing uh
Thumbnails for me either
Well to search sabrichi
Maybe that'll do it. There's a search for this. Oh, there it is. Thanks
Givner
Oh, I can't find it guys. I'm so sorry
Oh, you wait wait where?
In this thread at the bottom maybe the easiest spot. Okay. There's the there it is
Thanks givner
Stop it. Thanks givner. I'm not ready for you. All right. Here we go. This is thanks givner
With the with the help of chat we found it
Thanks givner
I hope you're having a good time hiding from your family or whatever you got to do to get through it
It's a real special time of year especially up here in canada for us canadians because
We celebrate it first because like, you know
The winter's coming the frost is coming and gotta bring the veggies in
We're gonna be like shattering our asses off sooner enjoying shoveling and the salt on the rolls and just
So thankful for everything if you know what I mean. So
Let's get her going. Happy. Thanks givner
To you and to yours and one and all and god bless me and all that even the americans
Thankful for everything and seriously fucking a rights keep giving her
Oh, yeah
Thanks, givner scurra. Thanks givner. I hope you're having a happy thanks givner to all our canadian listeners
I'm glad they got one too
Why shouldn't they get a thanks givner I thought it was like when
Americans in fun bonnets met native americans and discovered turkey
Is that not what thanks givings about?
No, actually what you said sounds right. So
They probably just also did that in canada, I guess
I say
Parallel thinking yeah
Thanks givner everyone it's almost thanks givner just a month away from change
But in canada, I like to think it's thanks givner all year around
Not a 9.5 a lot of strong contenders today
Even a 10 or to see Rodney
rocking
Rodney
All right. Well, that's all the time we have for vegyas today
I'll be back though because we give thanks
NER for all of the things you send us
And we love to watch them and write them
And also
That's what all you got. That's all I got. Okay. I'll say I say bye. Bye
Very close to a perfect score
Devastatingly close. All right, kind of news we rocking in this backseat thread
kick news
Kick news and asman gold news
Well, maybe we could combine those
Into even more news
Let's check out all this hot kick news the news of the day
Hello everybody
It's me Jeff Ripple
Dude, I kicked Jeff out right away. I shot him out the trap door one sec
What the hell stop hitting the trap door button makes me sick shooting up and down like that
Sorry about that
It's right next to the say hello button. Why do you need a button for that?
Got a button for everything Jeff
Well
Here's some news for you. Here's a news button for you
This is a stream, right? We got to cover all the streaming news
Boom
Uh kick that's the best you got is just saying kick
It's supposed to be a professional newsman here
Come on, dude
Come on, dude. Let me get this story set up for you. I guess
It here's your story your precious story. Oh shoot this headline is way too long
It wants pay per views
Oh, you have way too many little you too many little digits now case
I have not enough digits in my opinion
These headlines have to be real short
Kick wants to pay viewers for watching streams. There's the headline
It's close enough. Yeah, that's what's up in the world right now. Kick wants to pay you case
Not to be a streamer, but to watch a streamer
So you could make
Way more money just by viewing
But we don't know how much they're paying it. Which probably look at that first
All right. Kick wants to pay viewers for watching streams with a new kick currency you can cash out
Aidan Ross
Entrepreneur and political
Magnate has revealed that kick is planning to launch a kick currency that will let viewers make money
While watching their favorite streamers really upending the whole media ecosystem here
Usually the eyeballs are where the value is. Well now those eyeballs are getting the value back
Yeah, I'm not quite sure the economics of this one would work, but I'm sure they'll explain it to us
Of course, why wouldn't they over the years plenty of platforms have tried to disrupt which is dominance on the live streaming scene
YouTube a fosbuk gaming mixer
And others have taken swings and just about grazed the amazon own site
Didn't you try to disrupt streaming with some company?
Yeah, the disruption was uh
Exceedingly minor minor barely a bump in the road. I'd say and no, I think they're trying to be onto it. Oh slight difference
The stakeback platform has slowed down on splashing the cash eyeing up profitability in the future someday
However, it also looks like they're going to let viewers profit when watching their favorite streamers
Isn't that kind of letting the cash splashes continue? Well, it's a different type of splash
Now they're squirt gunning their viewers with money
Oh, it's just a squirt of money according to aiden ross kick is planning to launch a kick currency. We get it. You told us
Basically, this is coming straight from aiden's wet mouth. Why is it wet? I just know it is
Basically viewers can get paid to watch you. They're coming out with some cool shit
It's like bits that you can cash out. I mean not every person will get paid to watch
But for example, I can give people kick and they can cash out
All you need is a little bit of kick just a little bit of kick and I can cash out
Chat gets it. They love cool shit. I like cool shit too. Then this is for you case
Don't stream on kick. Just put it up in a tab while you're streaming. Oh now that's some classic
Macro economics there. We're double dipping indeed. That's the scientific definite. What has he done?
Oh my god, he banished himself by saying that
But maybe chet missed it
Like I would miss that you know egregious use
Of the term which summons in these guides
I'm like a super beetle juicer that you only have to say it once
I'm three times as fast as beetle juice, which is why I've never lost a foot race to beetle juice
And that's just a fact
Um, yes, if you're saying it is that I have to agree with you and I did say it and thus it's true
That's just how skynes works
I'll take over this story now. No need to thank me. Thank me later
You're welcome. Thank you that I was looking for a thank you. So thank you. You're welcome. No, I'll do the thinking around here
To pick up where
somebody left off
It's Jeff you've met him so many times
Can't be expected to remember the name of every guy I've worked with for two years
Basically viewers can get paid to watch you. She had a cool said this cool guy
Who owns a company?
So keep that in mind. He has a essentially a drake avatar
Which is cool to still have
Aden Ross reveals kick is working on a feature. Oh, sorry. This is an aided update. That's actually that's not his official avi
So I don't know how cool he is
They want to come out with the kick currency that's all you guys about
Kick currency where basically you could your viewers can get paid to watch you and shit now
What?
Yeah, they come on it's kind of like it's kind of like bits that you can cash out. It's really cool actually
It's really cool. Actually that actually happens. You know, take over and be honest
It's a very very cool. I mean not every viewer is gonna get paid to watch the stream
But like I'm for example, I can give people a kick and they can cash out their shit
Sounds like an effective business model to me. Well, but what is the business model?
That's none of your fucking business, dude
What if you're gonna
Kick a gift a gift horse right off a cliff
He's saying he's gonna fucking cash you out bro. Just from watching
Don't question him. Just accept his generosity
Uh, okay
anyway
Twitch bits have been around but they've never paid you in fact you've paid them
It appears that kick will go down a similar direction instead of them being used on a streamer
They'll be used by viewers. There isn't any confirmed timescale for when it will launch
Or any explanation of what how that works
But kick has been making other changes to the platform as well
Okay, such as
Twitch clad dot on how much skin vTubers can show the steak-backed platform
Went the other way mean being even fucking cooler than everybody else and letting everybody have a butt
Which you can't even have a fucking sick ass anymore that you're
Rubbing on mario kart or whatever happens
What do you think happens on twitch?
You know fucking hot girls
They rub their thongs on mario kart and that used to be what twitch was but now
It's just got to be religious sermons from
AI jesus or something
Industry's changed. Well, maybe we're not ready to change that way. We're ready to change into some pants that I bought using kick coin
But aren't bits something you purchase wouldn't cashing out just be essentially getting a refund
They'll work out the economics of it later. The headline here is aiden ross is going to pay you to watch him
sit behind a chair and gamble
It's the world's first guaranteed profit casino because only one guy's playing and he's giving it all away
paradise
Okay
Anyway, that's all I came to say be careful throwing the word science around or I'll come in here
I'll do a study on your ass and I just kind of typically proved that the future is free. We'll see you soon
Sorry about that jeff
You know, I don't I don't control chat
We do with our word choices
So just got to be more careful in the future. Okay. Actually I have to get off in 10 minutes
That seems like maybe enough time to do a debate
Um, I think we'll have to watch any
Previews tomorrow like I've been summoned into a meeting
A fucking meeting
Anyway, let's send over to munch and crumb to do something quick and then we'll get out of here for the day
It's munch and crumb time
Get that out of here
Who you got me or crumb?
Only you get to vote
Several times in our multi-tiered voting system that actually I just decided pays you
What does that mean? I don't know
Voting now pays you it used to be a paid-to-vote system. Now it's a vote to get paid system
That's progress and that's what I bring to America. You need to get out of politician mode
In case anybody watched case of streams over the weekend. I actually
Perfectly mayored your town nearly got it to 600,000 and it's my policies
That actually got renterton over the finish line before it was tragically destroyed
And turned into a zombie hovel
Look at him diminishing renterton like that. That's our zombie hovel. Okay
It's it's an economy on the come up peaks and valleys are normal you gain 600,000 citizens
You lose 600,000 citizens they become wanderers in the waste that feed on human flesh and are technically dead
That's just politics
What are we debating today?
I mean, I think I really settled the debate of who's the better mayor
Okay, you don't even know what it's like to raise a town up from infancy
Watch it grow into a beautiful metropolis manipulate it from behind the scenes for hundreds of years
Even when you're not elected completely control it. What are you admitting to right now? I'm admitting to caring about my hometown
Sorry, sorry that I'm an actual patriot of my city a city specific patriot. Mm-hmm. I know where my loyalties are
We're out of renterton
I'm kind of a tv star now. This is a
Very niche twitch stream. This is not television for the last time. It's
The same idea
Munch full-throated renterton into a new era exactly
I once again refounded the town after it was destroyed and zina basically ruined it immediately
That's why you need a steady hand of me always being in charge
Anyway, if you have a debate you want us to get into we probably have to get into it kind of quick because
apparently case has to pull the plug or something he's
Putting the stream down. He's got to end the stream. Oh, yeah, whatever that means
Yeah, it's called twitch.tv. It's tv
Mm-hmm
Yeah, I mean, I don't know. I don't know I'm
Feeling slightly sad that all the work I did was undone by
Well, and also hundreds of thousands of people seem to have turned into zombies. So
I don't know
There's nothing I really wanted to debate today. Somebody's being an absolute sour plus. How about fries versus chips?
What's the better potato?
Well, those are both potato products exactly
And it's fries by the way. Oh well chips are
Actually, I have a wider variety of flavors. I would suggest some fries
This is because you're coward and you're afraid to cover fries and various things. We don't have a mod that mine's making that poll
chips are fries
Fries are I would reverse that fries are chips, but I don't want to burn on my talking point
Uh, well, that's not really just getting into your your quibbling over terminology there really depends on where you're from governor exactly
Gross what was gross just you
I was unrelated to anything you were saying. I was shaking my head at your very existence
Look, uh chips. I know fries are kind of a classic
I know the american standard is probably to say that fries are better
But uh chips are actually a far more flexible. Uh, and I by that I mean potato chips
The kind that comes in a bag. I'm talking I'm talking
You know lays
I'm talking salt and vinegar. I'm talking mesquite barbecue
People like to cover fries in other flavors, but let's be real
Anything other than cap chup and mustard. You're just getting a plate full of wet soggy potato nonsense
The only fries that count
Are maybe sweet potato and regular comes in two flavors. Meanwhile chips have an infinite cornucopia of variety
You could have tuna flavored chips. You can't cucumber flavored chips
You can have cucumber chips chips can be made out of things other than potatoes
But we're specifically talking about potato chips you piece of shit
Don't try to equivocate and move the go post to include fucking
Umami chips or whatever. Okay, I'm talking about normal ass chips
Verses fries and you know what's fucking better
Catch up catch up is better and it goes on fries. Catch up doesn't go on potato chips
That's fucking weird if you dip your potato chips in catch up
In fact is sacrilegious and you will go to hell and you're banished
Oh, well everything you said at the end there is ridiculous. You could dip your chips in catch up
In fact, I think that that's actually pretty good. I like to dip a good double stack of lays
Deep into catch up and then I don't like to catch up a little bit
Then I take a mini crunch in a chip
By then time at that point it's a little soggy from all the catch
Then I rub it on my mouth like lipstick. I look at my wife and I say
Oh, I got catch up lipstick. I'm looking prettier than you honey
Then I take the whole chip in give it a good crunch mouth open
That's my little chip ritual. What the fuck?
It's wrong. Why did why did why did you vote for that?
What is happening to this country?
What do you mean just talking about chips man take it easy
Or don't your crumble leave because I'm taking the victory
I got that one we can cut the part where I'm
Chips are fries. Yeah, you had a good point. I did win essentially
What?
No, you you boy you're negating what you said you tried to draw a distinction immediately
There's a knock at the door. I'll get
I'll get it. How about that in this world of disinformation?
I'll bring reason to the four
I've challenged the status quo and exposed alive then or
Hold on tight prepare for a ride the truth will shine. That's my creed
You've burdened me with your questions, but faction science. I'll heed the themes you shape
Your twisted tales at least Kendall's here the things you say
I'm Leonard crumb me believe you the things you say
Your twist no fries are better. Give you away. Yeah, but they like me more than you say and you've turned this whole system
Into just a popularity contest and it's come back to bite you in the butt
Because people actually hate your just the bridge. I was gonna say they hate you. I was gonna say they hate your ass
Your ass, yeah, but I cut you off so you don't get to say it. Is this the bridge? They love my ass
My ass is like you're strong but not too strong. Still got a good bounce to it
a little bit of meat there, but
Not too much
Supplement powerful. You're crumb believable
You should have a normal old man ass. No, I got you
I would know
Look, I think he says to get to a meeting so
I guess you know what?
I'll spin an olive branch. You pick who we rate rate today. How about that? I don't want you do it
That sounds like working to me. You do it. Okay. No olive branch is allowed. I guess
This isn't the olive garden because I'm not having it my way. I don't even think that's their slogan
I'll believe you
I like Obley, but I'm in a mood now because you're being so difficult
Oh, just don't let my furrowed brow confuse you. I'm excited to rate Obley
Stop me gonna face it. I'll be fucking weird. I'm upset you
You see what I did at the end there? We were arguing this way. It's not only about oh, uh, oh now. He's relaxed
Thanks for dealing with the technical issues today a little bit of a shorter stream, but uh
It's really case's fault. No one else is
I always throw a fucking case under the bus
And that's it's my bus and I will decide who I run it over run over with it
Well, if I throw them under the bus, it's not your decision. I'm launching them in front of a bus. Can we not?
Have a great rest of your tuesday. I think case might be on later tomorrow. It just depends how his schedule shakes out and
He's really got to say stop shaking his schedule because it's a dumb thing to do with his schedule
Oh, that's weak even for you. You're weak for anyone. How about that?
Have a say hi to Obley for case and you mean crumb. It's a crumb raid. No, it's a munch raid
But we'll let the people decide and uh, I think the score would suggest. Oh, I think the score would suggest
it's a crumb raid
Choking you you're choking yourself. Am I watch this?
Stop it. Are you doing this? Yeah, that's right. I've ancient magic. You don't understand. Stop this. How are you doing this?
It's a death pack now. Stop this. What?
There's no I can do it anytime. What the fuck was that? No time we got to go stream raid the raid happened