I'm papita, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
6, 2, 1, let's-
It's another day, another news day.
Now it's gonna bother me. Wait, is it this?
No.
I hate it when there's holes in my reality, but what can I do?
What can I do? Good to see everybody.
Bonzai Bullfrog, Mr. Smith Skymer, Bruiser St. George,
Apple Dapple, others? Hello.
Hope everybody's having a lovely Wednesday.
It's the middle of the week.
What a- what's the day?
What do they call Wednesday?
Butt day.
Fat, stinky ass day.
That sounds right.
Good stuff could have happened in the world.
Maybe last night.
At least some of us. Some of us feel good.
So that's exciting.
We can talk about some news that I don't despise for once.
And then there's also awful news we can talk about as usual.
What a lovely mix.
Don't eat cheese curds.
Oh.
Stormburn, 32 months.
Currently working, 32 months.
So many months.
Also thank you to...
Um...
Nope, that's it. Thank you currently working in Stormburn.
I've always forgot to thank people that subscribed during the countdown.
But not today.
Damn it.
I generally hate most news. My parents hated checking the mail.
I hate existing.
We are the same.
I don't know how much I hate existing.
I'm 50-50 on it.
Sometimes I actually quite enjoy it, so...
Let's try to- we'll try to up the amount you don't mind existing psychor.
The trick is just not to mind too much that you exist.
Skymer's a big existing fan.
We take all types.
Whether you despise living in this disgusting meat world,
or you love the big juicy meats of this world.
There's room for all of us.
Easier.
The hype train is finally back from hell, I guess.
Whoa.
All sorts of hellish things are appearing.
Hype train, what's your deal? Where the hell have you been?
Oh, has been extra shitty lately.
I don't even know where to start, but it's good to not be in it for a minute.
Okay. Well, good to see you.
Dakesauce, thank you for giving me a fucking break from the congestion of hell lately.
Some new middle management showed up and it has been rough.
AppleBapple, thank you for the 100 bits.
Bundlesprout, thank you for the 100 bits!
I don't actually know who it is who showed up.
I don't think it was Pepito.
Anyway, there's some new guy in central planning that apparently is just making everything horrible.
So it took me forever to get out of hell.
I just got out of traffic in time to blast out of the fires of hell to be here with you today.
Did the train just make out with a panther?
I'm thinking it did.
I'm thinking, man.
The Mighty Oz.
Oh, thank you very much. The Mighty Oz, thank you.
Okay, just keep me alive today for a while because as soon as I'm done here,
I have to slam back through the permeable membrane that separates hell from this reality.
And it is back the fuck up.
I'm gonna be bonking my head against that thing for fucking four hours.
It's sir!
But I guess it is hell.
Yeah, I guess.
As much as I believe anything you say, Hype Train.
Hell's Hymen. Yeah, and it has been bursted.
But now it's grown back stronger.
Ew.
Yeah, it's gross. It's hell.
It's also like a penis at the same time.
It's just a big fleshy membrane that you gotta birth yourself in and out of all the time.
It sucks. Most of hell is getting around via birth canal.
Your song is loud.
Yup! Yes!
Anyway, thanks everybody, Mighty Oz, Bromble Sprint, Apple DApple, Dink Sauce, Shaggy,
thank you for the 32 months!
That storm burden currently working.
I'm currently just gonna take a breather, so do it to talk amongst yourselves.
You don't want to talk for once?
I'm good, man. I am good.
Surprising.
Okay, and we're going to the movies today.
We're stacking them up.
Also, don't forget we haven't forgotten we will be going to the wall, not today.
But as soon as the wall insurance clears, I had to get wall insurance to send people in there.
But we'll be in there soon enough.
The hole's gotten a little bigger, unfortunately.
But we'll go in there when his case getting pumped.
Oh, what am I working out?
That is easier than this whole wall thing, which really has given me quite a bit of a headache.
I just don't even know where to start on getting this thing fixed, to be perfectly honest.
It has been a big problem. I'll be honest with you guys.
Yes, come inside. Come inside the wall.
But anyway, we said we'd go in there, so we absolutely will.
Just gotta make sure all the eyes have little hearts over them, and the T's are katana slash style.
Yeah?
Yeah.
While working out hot dog on a string eating stream.
I do have the hot dogs, actually. I need to order the string.
You know, live in Sleazy Link to the string, I got it.
I just need some kitchen string.
Then I can hot dog this bad boy up.
Peter has really... I want to emphasize this wall used to be someone accidentally poked the wall with a pen.
It had a minor scratch in it.
And this is where the wall's at now.
It's only been like a year.
I don't understand.
Yeah, the hype has ended. Now that I'm thinking about this wall so much.
Okay, well...
Fuck it, let's do some news.
Good to see everybody. I'm back in the number one news spot where I belong.
You're hoping for Jane Fonda style workout stream.
I was thinking it'd be more like that. Again, I think watching me do squats...
Ah, I just talked to you. Don't immediately ignore me. What did you want to say?
Hi.
Okay, hi, chat.
Rude.
Anyway, I think a workout along with various weird YouTube videos would be more fun.
So I think we're going to do it that way.
You're not going to even do some big ass squats.
Gorilla squats, gorilla mindset, gorilla weightlifting.
Is there a gorilla workout program?
Of course, there's like 600 and they're all awesome.
They do mostly focus on upper body.
Because gorillas have tiny fucking legs.
Well, you know, can I do the workout stream?
There's a chance.
I don't know if I can set it up to get you out there.
To get me out where I'll show up anywhere.
Yeah, but you're going to need stuff.
You're going to want a bunch of stuff.
I just don't know if it's worth it.
This is so dumb. I could eat 600 hot dogs while working out.
Turn off my music and turn up the fucking news.
Everybody's freaking out because a socialist is taking over every city.
And now they're on fire.
Brace yourselves for the apocalypse.
Not the one you were expecting.
A socialism apocalypse.
Curse of Zoran Mamdani.
Yep, he won.
I was as surprised as anyone.
Actually, I thought there was a chance he would win.
But he didn't just fucking win.
He ran up the goddamn numbers.
He made Cuomo bow out of the race.
Night of.
He fucking crushed it.
I did not see that coming.
Wait, he did real well.
Yeah.
Oh, because I am scared of whatever people tell me to be scared of.
But also like a fucking winner.
So do we have party music?
Is this the best we have for celebrating?
Play my fucking music again.
Yeah.
Wait a fucking go.
I can do that too.
I can mess with my voice too.
Boom.
Yeah, I mean, I'm excited.
Or should I be terrified?
I think.
Well, first of all, he hasn't.
I mean, this he won the primary, the Democratic primary New York.
He proceeded to concede.
He won the primary.
So obviously he still has to win the main election.
He's favored because usually the Democratic wins in New York.
The Democratic candidate wins in New York.
But Cuomo could still run.
I guess maybe everybody could lose their mind
and vote for Eric Adams.
But.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, live in Sleazy.
Exactly. Cuomo might run independently.
I don't think.
I mean, who knows what will happen?
I think that he is he is favored.
You know, I don't want to overstate the importance of a candidate
winning a Democratic primary.
However, I will say everybody was stating the importance
of how he was going to definitely lose.
And now that he has won, despite everyone saying that Cuomo
was basically an inevitability, everyone is now falling over
themselves to either say how this is not important or it's
the end of the world.
And then a very slim margin of the media, at least, is willing
to admit that this could signal some appetite for any sort
of social reform.
You can't eat social reform.
Well, technically, he does want to do a city run grocery
stores.
What?
I don't trust.
I only trust my intake with food intake from Kroger and all
of its many subsidiaries reskinned that are actually
secretly just Kroger's appetite for destruction.
Michael Bloomberg lost.
Wait, was he in?
Because everybody would love to vote Bloomberg again.
Yeah, everybody would be lining up to vote Bloomberg.
I think he's very likely to just be the mayor.
I mean, then he has to face the mountain of trying to
actually implement any kind of reform in a city where
the powers that be will most likely be extremely
resistant to it.
So, you know, it's a lot.
It's going to be a slog for any kind of change.
But I would say this is an extremely positive sign in
a political system that has few positive signs in my
opinion.
If you share my what do they call us?
But socialists.
Oh, is that what it is now?
Grimy shit socialists or whatever.
Stinky social losers.
Yeah, whatever politics are.
If you share them at all, then this is a very positive
sign when there often aren't many positive signs.
Bro presidents and the rest got a lot of DSA running.
Yeah, I mean a DSA candidate taking it all the way.
Maybe a bit of a sign of class consciousness.
I'll take it.
Yeah, now everyone is also saying, well, there are many
media outlets saying, well, he's just a one of a kind
candidate.
He's super good at talking.
Nobody gives a fuck about his policies.
They actually hate free buses.
They don't want cheaper groceries and they would
love for their rent to continue to go up.
And the fact that he campaigned on those three
things relentlessly has nothing to do with his victory.
People hate socialism.
Okay, I do.
I have been trained to hate the word socialism.
So counterpoint.
We have some comments actually.
My point is that that's dumb.
That's a dumb thing to fear.
Did Don Cuomo's gong ding dong ding dong or
sounded out ding dong Cuomo's gong.
I got there.
Nice.
Case hates holes after traumatic Kyle experience.
Can't deny that.
But they when you let your partner hold your but
while you use the restroom.
Ooh, that's past the p thing.
That's that's even more intimate because you'll
feel the reverberation and you'll you won't
just hear the noises.
You'll experience the tactile sensation of the
noises.
Yeah, we might pass on that one.
Maybe Middle Age lander also DSA.
Middle Age lander is that what he's going with?
Is that the is that his nickname Middle Age lander?
Did Trump give him that one?
Well, Trump's trying to give them nicknames right now.
New York Dems are split between establishment and DSA.
Well, this I mean the fact that Brad Lander they
and they cross endorsed for anyone not familiar.
This is Brad Lander.
This is the new power couple and I do think they look
good together.
I'll give them that.
My understanding of the situation is they made out
in front of everybody and then it was split 50 50.
You had a 50 50 chance of voting for either of them.
Whichever name you put down.
No, that's not exactly what happened.
They cross endorsed.
They made out.
They cross endorsed.
You ship them to be honest.
Sure.
Okay, so they cross endorsed and you could vote
for a great choice voting because it's insane in New York.
Again, another thing I'm in favor of.
Oh, of course.
But this one only one of them DSA one of them's just
progressive or some shit.
Yeah, but Brad Lander is more of a progressive Democrat
and not would not consider himself.
I think a socialist but he's broadly in favor of social reforms.
And I think given the success here at least in urban areas,
and the lookout for you know if you live in any major American cities,
a kind of potential collab between progressive Democrats
and the DSA.
Oh, he is DSA.
You fucking idiot.
That's true.
I am a fucking idiot.
He's considered less leftist than Zoran at least.
I guess is how I would put it.
So people were considering this kind of a an ally ship
between progressive Democrats and more straight up socialist
Democrats straight socialist.
Yeah.
And unsurprisingly, some people have been kind of losing their
minds a little bit.
I don't have all the clips.
There's too many.
But if you turn on the news right now and there's any discussion
of Zoran, it's a little over the top.
It's just that he's older.
That's all that it is.
I mean, that's part of it.
I do think I like Brad Lander.
I think Zoran has, I don't know, he's got, I hate to say,
but he has a little bit of the like classic political charisma
thing going on in a way that Brad doesn't.
I think the Brad Lander also recently got like put in a
headlock by ICE agents and like dragged out of a courtroom.
So that also upped his political profile quite a bit.
But I do think Zoran has sort of the just relentless like
political positivity vibe and he's extremely good at hammering
the exact same points again and again and again.
Not that Brad Lander isn't.
He just, I think, I think especially for young people,
he doesn't seem quite as charismatic as probably to
liven sleazy's point.
He is older.
He's a bit older.
He also a few demerits for me for being a little bit
of a liberal Zionist in my opinion, but in his defense,
he was basically playing defense from what I could tell
this whole campaign for Zoran trying to like do a million
blocks for all of the anti-Semitism allegations that
were just being libelously and pointlessly thrown his way.
So anyway, it's been interesting.
I'm extremely glad he won.
We'll see where it goes.
Hopefully it goes somewhere positive.
It's a constant fight to make any progress in the political
system, but he's doing it so far.
So let's hope he continues unless of course you turn on a CNBC
in which case you'll be hearing stuff like this.
If you've seen where what Batman is up against in Gotham
and in what off run from that back, if you've seen where
what Batman is up against in Gotham and in what the
guy running for mayor is up against, that's what it
reminds you of.
They're taking Wall Streeters and making walk out onto the ice
in the East River and then they fall through.
I mean, there is a class warfare that's going.
So what's happened here?
I think it's a rich type.
There's a division within the Democrat.
Oh, no.
Sorry, I'm taking this so seriously.
Chad, I don't feel like you're terribly convinced.
Look, what are you saying as a super rich guy myself?
Is that even true, Chad?
Look, obviously I'm balling to the max.
So and I don't think anyone should come take my millions
of dollars.
Why are you laughing at that?
It's just because I'm enjoying the idea of my money so much.
You know, obviously I commiserate with him that people
are like coming for me all the time.
I'm like Frankenstein, but if he was sexy and rich
and the villagers always want to burn my ass.
So that's a concern.
However, it was not very well articulated.
He couldn't seem to get it straight who he was talking
about there a little bit.
Yeah, it kind of said Gotham.
And then he just sort of repeated Batman a lot.
He said something vague about Wall Street traders being put
on the ice.
He was classically mixing his metaphors there.
They're after our money.
That's what I'm afraid of the most.
Are you after my money?
Chad, I just don't think you're rich enough to worry
about this.
Well, how rich do I need to be before I worry?
I think if you have less than I'll say
three million dollars in the bank,
any concerns about and that's probably conservative,
probably unless you have hundreds of millions of
dollars in the bank.
You really don't need to be worried about the insipid
and dangerous democratic reforms of a free bus
system funded by the government.
But what if I'm in the bus game of bus profits?
I mean, exactly.
What if you are then?
I don't think you should be.
I don't think that should exist.
I don't think we need a for-profit local transit
system in any city or government grocery stores.
I would be 100% in favor of extracting the profit
out of the grocery system.
But a lot of people aren't.
I understand that.
I think these modest reforms will hopefully go down
well and then we'll see where we are assuming
that he wins.
I thought the GOP was after our social security money.
No, they just are after your social security.
Social security number for good reasons.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You got 4 million in labubus.
Is he going to socialize labubus?
Because I don't know how to get them.
And so I'm somewhat in favor.
Just Google labubu.
I can't.
I can't bring my hands to do it because I'm so
macho, but I do find them kind of cute.
No comment on the labubus.
Certain people I know are very big fans of them.
So I don't want to say anything too mean.
It's impossible to get labubus.
Exactly.
So if we socialize it, can I get any woman that I'm
interested in a labubu?
Speaking of women, people keep telling me that this is
Zoran's wife.
And that can't be.
That can't be real, right?
You don't get to have this beautiful woman as your wife.
If you're into politics.
Got some bad news for you.
That is his wife.
What did I do wrong?
I don't know.
It's just, you know, he met a pretty lady.
It happens.
If you're a socialist, do you get to date women that look
like that?
That kind of work for me.
I'll be honest.
What the fuck?
All right.
What else are they saying?
What other slander can be thrown the way of everyone?
Jim Kramer.
Here's Jim Kramer.
I bet he's taking it well.
It is not the closing of a steakhouse that David
Sassos likes to go to.
You and I have had dinner there a few times.
Yes.
And you and I are going to recreate that place.
The rent's too high.
You know what?
Is he doing OK?
New York is going to freeze the rents.
And everybody eats for free.
So they don't have to worry.
Really?
Yeah.
Wait, so I had it turned way down.
No, no.
Well, no.
Do they get shot?
Yes.
They get taken away.
Are we cool at this?
Yes.
Everybody else, there he is, Mom, Donnie.
Maybe he's more bottomed than me.
Winning the Democratic primary for mayor and potentially
successor of Eric Adams.
That said, there's still a general election to come here in New York.
By the way, of course we're here.
We talk about it, but we are talking about a $2 trillion economy.
Yeah, it is a, you know, a trouble.
He wants to get the rents down.
One good way to do it is to stop all business and drive everybody out.
That'll bring the rents down.
That's a very good point.
But it's your seat where I am.
All right.
I wanted to talk about it.
I missed the part of his campaign.
What are you talking about?
Stopping all business.
There was a bold campaign move on Zoran's part.
The stop all business agenda.
But it won.
So now they got to stop it all.
A total stop to all business.
Now we're only allowed to do pleasure.
That could work.
The all pleasure agenda.
That's what you think.
You think the world runs off pleasure.
Wait, can it?
Can it though?
Can we become, can we run a hellraiser style candidacy?
Hellraiser style candidacy, you know, pain for pleasure.
All this weird dominatrix outfits, SNM shit.
We just really let it go crazy in this country.
I don't think he was running on a hedonism agenda or a pain for pleasure agenda.
No, I'm just saying you think that could work.
You know, I don't think we're quite there yet.
But maybe you're just the kind of bold candidate that we need yet to push us into the true
pseudo-pleasureistic future that we all deserve.
I think Jim Cramer would be in.
He looks like he would be in.
Jim Cramer has a long history of always being wrong.
Yes.
Is he, is he sick though?
He looks odd.
He does look a little, he's looking a little rough.
Anyway, Cuomo conceded.
And we'll watch a little chunk of that.
I don't, I didn't watch it.
So we'll start halfway through.
It's four minutes long.
He's muted.
What the fuck?
Case, unmute your shit.
I give him a round of applause and campaign.
I called him, I congratulated him.
I applaud, I applaud him sincerely for his effort.
And let's give him a round of applause and thank him for his campaign.
Now, I want to look at all the numbers as they come in and this ranked choice voting
and what the numbers actually say and do.
There is, what the numbers do.
There are important issues that are facing this city.
That's why the election is so imperative.
What an orator.
I was riveted by his concession.
Kind of always sounds like he's ordering a sandwich.
He seems to be really checked out.
Let's check in with Zora.
I don't know if this is his victory speech or something else,
but I think it might be his victory speech.
Damn it, you muted this shit again.
Hey, stop breaking your own shit.
Stop breaking your shit.
Douglas woman, Nydia Velasquez, Brad Blander.
He's thanking people.
And in every single person who believed in this campaign,
long before it was easy to do so.
And you believed when it was difficult.
Well, I did.
We dreamt in the night.
And we are now building in the dawn.
That's not fair.
He's cheating.
He's using, he's putting energy into his words
and using poetic language.
You need, politics now you need to kind of just mumble.
You need to shuffle up like, you know, a sad bear in a raincoat.
Just looking damp and unpleasant.
Funnel web, thank you so much.
And then you need to just, you need to barely speak,
whisper into a microphone about stuff you didn't really pay
attention to.
And I'm trying to do it right now.
And then, you know, you say stuff will probably,
things will happen.
And then you wander off stage.
He's cheating by using actual language.
He's been cheating the whole time with soaring rhetoric.
How dare he?
Obama-esque, one could say.
I think he comes off as a little more sincere than Obama.
But you know, you got to give Obama credit.
You got to give Obama credit.
He's very good at winning people over.
There's a little bit of that.
It's probably worth noting that Zoran can never run for president
because he was actually born in Africa.
What?
Casey, are you doing a conspiracy live?
No, he was legitimately born in Africa.
That's another nice thing about this, this win is,
you know, he's a Muslim African born socialist
that just won in like the premier American city.
He could be at the next NYC mayor.
Oh, we're getting a live democratic show of things right now,
which you can fill out with exclamation point O.
It's ranked choice voting and nomination.
Well, maybe not ranked choice.
It's random, who gets to it first nomination
of exclamation point O followed by any option you want.
Our options for this legally binding poll,
sorry New York, are Crumb, Diddy Kong, Jolly Jim,
Mike Bloomberg and September.
Ooh, maybe that's September's brother.
Or maybe it's a typo case.
No, not in politics.
You're not allowed.
We have to go with whoever's name is September.
Crumb?
Isn't he, didn't he fucking die?
Am I crazy?
Isn't he fully fucking?
Um, no comment.
It's worrisome case.
It's worrisome when you say stuff like that.
Looks like Crumb took it away.
No chat.
He was, he shows up all the time.
He's sitting there in the seat still.
Crumb basically Bloomberg to be honest.
I will say, last thing about this Oran stuff
before we move on for the day.
Again, they will probably, people will both overplay
and underplay I think the importance of him winning here.
You know, he hasn't won the race for mayor yet,
but I would just like to point out like again before he won in
commanding fashion, uh, last night, everyone was saying Cuomo was inevitable.
Now that's where on one again, it's either the sky is falling or,
you know, he beat just some ailing old half committed sex past riddled with scandals.
I would like to point out in my opinion that is 90% of the Democratic leadership
is in the exact same boat as Andrew Cuomo.
They are flailing octogenarian sex past riddled with scandals.
Literally like Clinton, Biden, the other Clinton, maybe not Obama unless you believe
certain people in limousines.
But the whole Democratic leadership is so Cuomo ask that to just dismiss this victory is like,
well, he just beat this disgraced figure.
The whole party done got disgraced.
Not the whole party done getting it.
Yes, I would argue that this is very much at least in a major urban area like New York,
a strong referendum on what people would like out of the Democratic Party.
If not socialism, people just want them to speak to the actual fucking issues affecting their lives,
which are of course housing, healthcare, basic expenses like food.
And those are the things he hammered minus healthcare in this case.
He basically went housing, transit, food, buses, groceries, freeze the rent.
You know, you don't have to necessarily do all of them at once.
Bernie's more in the healthcare direction.
But if you just focus on any of these basic fucking issues and hammer them like a goddamn socialist jackhammer.
No, not pneumatic socialism.
Yes, pneumatic street destroying socialism, pounding it away to repave it with new delicious free roads.
Oh God! Also immigration, but I don't personally care.
I don't care to talk about that one.
But I mean, I do believe that it should be reformed, but in the current context, oh my gosh, I don't even know.
I don't even know how you start to crack that particular egg.
I think if they focus on basically cost of living,
if there's any chance to actually tackle that subject at a party level,
like even a broad nationalistic party level,
it could actually work and there could actually be some change.
But it will remain to be seen how much this is a spark that ignites something versus a one off.
Because as we know, socialism already failed in Chicago case.
I don't know.
There's a, God, I always forget his name because I don't live there anymore.
Brian Brad, the current Chicago mayor ran on like a slightly more leftist platform as well.
And he's currently not well liked.
I haven't kept a bridge of Chicago politics well enough to comment on it, but you know,
it's every time anyone leans towards a platform that contains any broad social reforms that include
what people will call handouts for regular people or again,
just giving some government funding to these necessary services.
People are going to point to like either a mayor or they'll be like Cuba.
So all that shit can be disregarded.
The main thing will be, can someone like Zoran actually get into the mayorship of a major city like New York?
And once there, will he be able to deliver any of these reforms?
If those two things can happen, this will be an extremely positive step, I'd say,
in the direction of a broader national coalition that's actually focused on the issues affecting people.
And if you are at all interested in these issues, I highly recommend that you actively engage.
I would say the other thing that this shows in a very harsh relief is that it's fucking annoying to get involved in politics.
It takes a lot of like grindy and often embarrassing effort to make any change.
But people like Zoran are willing to do it.
He was just a fucking state assemblyman who made some good tick tocks and he was relentless about it.
And now he's in this position.
He's got huge national prominence.
He's literally got the president furious at him just for existing.
So, you know, these minor little social engagements done over a long enough time frame and with consistency can affect things majorly.
What are you running for fucking office right now, Case?
Nope, I'm not.
I don't know if the social consistency of me streaming three days a week actually accounts for any of this.
It definitely doesn't.
But I'm just saying if anyone is watching and some people are, a couple, of any of you are interested in politics,
I think this is a good call to get engaged on any level that you can.
Me for governor of Virginia, because you have to be born in Virginia to run.
I'm actually not sure how that works.
It is the last thing about this.
I already said last thing, but then I remembered Trump was seemingly rage-posting about Zoran.
So, we should never miss a chance to see him get angry, right?
I think we could probably miss him.
Miss those chances. It happens pretty much every day.
But I haven't read them yet. I can't even find them.
Oh my God, is truth social down?
Saying there's no truth for Donald Trump.
I think everyone is checking Donald Trump's truth social account now to just see if he's going to like announce a new war or something.
So, I don't think the truth social servers can handle all of the action they're getting just from the insane things Trump does on there.
You walk and talk with the people you win.
I agree.
Okay, here's Trump's powerful statement.
It finally happened. Democrats have crossed the line.
Let's get our scary music playing.
It finally happened. The Democrats have crossed the line.
Put this on the main screen case.
I need to say this directly to the people.
I need to get the blood boiling.
The rending and tearing of the flesh must now begin.
It's finally happened. The Democrats have crossed the line.
Zoran Mamdani at 100% communist lunatic has just won the Dem primary and is on his way to becoming mayor.
We've had radical left before, but this is getting ridiculous.
He looks terrible.
His voice is grating. He's not very smart.
He's got AOC plus three dummies.
All backing him and even our great Palestinian senator crying Chuck Schumer is groveling over him.
Yes, this is a big moment in the history of the country.
What?
The last part almost makes it sound cool.
It's a big moment because doesn't Trump like big moments?
Yes, a Chuck Schumer fucking hates Zoran and is basically a continual apologist for Israel.
I didn't even realize he was calling him a Palestinian senator.
That is an insult to Palestinians. Holy shit.
I don't think he minds insulting either of those people.
Unfortunately. Yeah, I'm sure he doesn't.
Also, what the fuck does AOC plus three mean?
That makes her sound like she's powering up.
Schumer's in the hospital? What?
I didn't see. I saw the positive news today and I haven't been paying that much attention to the rest of the news because this is bad news.
Case. Sorry. I don't wish ill health on anyone.
Okay, yes, you're being a creep right now.
Today Schumer spokesperson says that he was taken to a Washington hospital out of an abundance of caution to be treated for dehydration.
The 74 year old was at the Senate gym when he reportedly fell in the gym and went to the hospital.
He returned to the Capitol a short time later and reminds everyone to drink water and stay out of the heat.
He would say drink water.
That's a winning platform. Drink water or you'll go to the hospital, which will cost you a lot because it's really expensive in this country.
So better drink that water because you don't want to end up in debt.
Chuck Schumer actually enjoys pretty robust government health care.
He does.
At least Schumer follows through on his workout sub-goal.
C-case. Who are we supposed to trust? You who never works out on stream?
Or this guy who nearly died working out?
Possibly on stream.
He still looks like a turtle. Yes, he's gone turtle mode.
Schumer's in the hospital with some strong words about the heat.
It was also as hot as hell in New York apparently when they were running the vote.
Oh, you paid attention. I always pay attention to the weather case.
Some of us actually care about what matters, the weather.
I've never worked out period. We've seen the pics.
Called the fuck out.
I have been working out lately.
So...
Good luck proving I'm not.
What you squatting right now? Unfortunately not very much.
I'm so bad at squat math.
180 pounds for reps is what I'm at right now.
And I used to be a big daddy 300 pound kind of squatter.
How far you've fallen? You got to build your muscles back up.
Or maybe you never do because I'm old now.
I'm not sure how that works once you're old.
Crispy cream.
Show the glutes.
Now that's my full butt.
Show the glutes. It's not the butt. It's the glutes.
I'm not showing my ass on stream.
It's the glutes.
If you're working out that shouldn't freak you out.
Popping some glutes on stream. I'll pop them right now. Don't.
Get out of the chair.
The weakest staffer have been.
Even weaker than Papito.
Papito's got a lot of jaw strength. That is true.
It's butt Wednesday.
Yeah, it's fucking sloppy ass Wednesday dude.
We already established that.
Get the cheeks out. I don't think you can do that on stream.
Half of Twitch is nudity.
I don't think that's true anymore actually.
I'll bet it's still true. Let's find out.
Last thing. We've said last thing too many times.
Last thing.
Are there still hot babes on Twitch showing cheeks?
And where do they do that even?
Is hot tub still a thing?
Wasn't it swimming pools and
ass grease or something?
Ah, I fucking don't even care.
I'm losing interest actively as I search.
Oh, here we go.
Boom. Look at this. If you can do this on stream.
Look, this is a workout stream now.
It took me two seconds
to find someone showing the cheeks case.
And yet you won't do it.
And you talk about democracy.
Right now on the phone.
She's just working out.
I said side to side.
She's barely even showing the full butt.
Maybe during the workout.
I'm not showing my ass. You've done it before.
For comedy.
Not for peer pressure.
Get out the ham games.
Case won't even let me do it.
He's keeping my ass caged.
But this ass is strong enough to burst through any
iron bars.
You want iron bars in your ass?
On my ass that I then break.
I'm not showing my ass.
I'm not showing my ass.
On my ass that I then break.
It'll be gross.
Gets out exactly.
I'm getting my ass out of here.
Look, some of us are pumped up or maybe really worried.
Either way, the world is happening.
And I have unhappened upon it as well.
Because I'm Chet.
And we'll see you soon.
Bye bye.
Ooh yeah.
ATW.
What's up everybody?
You're going to auto-sign yourself.
It is so hard going from this face to your face.
Ouch, that's mean.
Just calling it out.
Because I look like this.
And you look like this.
Yep.
Jump scare.
Are you going to auto-tune your voice the whole time?
This is how I sound.
I had a surgery done.
To always sound like this.
It's the pretty one that isn't Darfus.
I'm a different one.
I'm a teen pop singer.
I'm a teen pop sensation.
Is that Christie Swanson's double?
Is there work?
Is there work available?
Is that a thing I can do?
I don't think so.
Wait, am I Christie Swanson's double?
No.
Oh.
What was your name again?
Chat remembers.
I don't know if they do.
I don't know if they do.
Come on.
Come on.
Somebody remembers my name.
I don't.
I do though.
Well, it's rude for me to have to tell you.
I don't think anybody does.
You're going to remember eventually.
Because everybody wants to hang out with this guy.
Darfus.
Darling, of course we remember.
See, everybody remembers.
Okay, we'll just move on then.
Your new name is Crumb. Do you want to be the new Crumb?
What? Who?
No.
Is it like an influencer?
No.
Cornelius is not my name.
Can I figure out your name?
I'm going to take this as a challenge.
Can I figure out your name?
Using the power of my backlog of streams.
And also, when the hell did you even...
When the hell were you even here last?
This is all stuff you should know.
I'm not going to play this game with you.
Jelly Roll?
We did have a guy named
Morgan Whalen
briefly.
We may or may not ever be back.
I should just start
calling everybody by celebrity name
so that I remember them.
Because I'll be real, man.
I don't remember your name at all.
That is so rude to say.
I'm sorry.
I can't be trusted with the names of
guys.
Gillian Kat.
I have thoughts on this.
I'm going to scroll through this.
Is that you?
Oh, I found you. I'm a pro at memory.
What's your fucking name?
Don't redact me, guy redacted.
Look at this.
Finally it's the screen of me watching me.
This is what I've been waiting for.
One second.
These maniacs
should...
Yeah, yeah, let's go.
Wow, I sound good.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, let's go.
Wow, that's...
That's one of my songs.
Is it Marfus' sister?
I'm a guy.
I wasn't making an assumption.
Sorry, that was chat. Say your fucking...
Say your name, damn it.
What's your name? J. Drilla.
J. Drilla.
How did I forget that?
Is that really your name?
Yeah, isn't that a good name? No.
Who gave you that? What?
Stage name.
That's a bad name.
Why are you being such a dick?
Why are you being such a dick?
Sorry, you were being a dick. You said I look like shit right away.
Yeah, I'm just being honest.
We can't all look
like a cartoon.
Whoa, that's really nice of you to say.
J. Drilla.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay.
You need to...
You don't even sound like a modern pop star.
Why are you just combating with everyone?
Yes, for some reason.
Geez.
Darfus too.
You're too much like Darfus.
I think I brought this up last time. You just have a slightly different voice.
What do you mean I'm totally different?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay, I guess you sing at least.
That's a little different.
There's only so many voices in the world.
I could smooth it out even more.
How about this?
I don't know.
You know what? We have videos to watch.
Enough trying to figure out your name
and what your voice is.
Which is a thing you should know by the way.
I'm comfortable with who I am.
That's why I didn't change a thing.
I was born this way.
Sabrina Carpenter.
That would be more memorable than J. Drilla.
The early 2000s names are going to come back.
It's already kind of back.
It's like a retro name.
It's cool.
Okay, if you say that.
All right, all right, all right.
We got to get to this thread.
There's threads to click on
and videos to watch.
You fucking guy
trying to distract me.
I'm just standing here being weird.
Okay, where is it?
Why can I never find this one?
Amongst the web got it.
I'm so good at this.
Okay.
Boom.
Get ready to have your ass blown off
by the power of the internet.
B11.
O62.
I-27.
I-23.
253.
B13.
B12.
B10.
O66.
I-22.
I-17.
B9.
O73.
B12.
B14.
B15.
B16.
B17.
B17.
B17.
B18.
B19.
B19.
B19.
B19.
B19.
B19.
How would I go.
How would I go?
I'll go a little more like,
Yo, yo, what's up,
I'm Jay Drilla.
You sound the exact same.
7.4 sixth.
You can rate all of the hottest videos
at Total Partners.
Third prize,
Total Drilla Live
Now
Say still a real takeover.
Rate all of your hottest vids
I'll be in a kissing booth
You need a new manager. Are you? No, I'm not gonna manage you. I'd be a bad manager
Don't just ask the first person you see your manager
Do you have a manager? Of course, I got good management. All right a
Debate has been demanded is the new Sabrina carpenter album too sexy or just right
Somehow I feel like I could say that one of them could say the wrong thing here and get in trouble
It's one of the more high stakes debates that's ever been requested so excited to see how they handle it in the meantime more internet
Please they don't teach you this at school. What were we being taught there?
Believe in yourself hmm
Nice I like that. Yeah, they were right about what though they were right man. They got it
They understand what it like to do that thing
Okay
Looks like chat not the biggest fan of
Light wash video thing
Only a few fans
All you need is a couple if you want to make it all you need is a couple fans
Is it are you trying out songs? Are these supposed to be your songs? So it's a mix
This is the creative process. You got to try stuff like this out
If you ever want to make it you got to make a song. Yeah, you got a make it
You got a try. Yeah
It's not sounding super okay, whatever. Let's keep going. I
Don't know what it is
but for some reason
When I kiss you
It's like I'm kissing
my brother
Believe me. It makes perfect sense. It just feels wrong
For their own mother. She was throwing herself at me doc Jesus Christ. She's a lot younger. It's not what it sounds like
I don't even understand how you're still here. Surely you must have undone something
Yes, they can still fix this you just have to send you back to stop the summer happening
Wait Marty you can't go through with this. There's two of you
You have three way. Yeah with your mother
I
What movie is that back to the future but not back to the future what?
It's back to which movie is it man?
Because that's messed up. I don't really want to spread that kind of thing. Hey
Don't watch stuff like that guys
Your mom is meant to be a lady. You don't talk to that much
And you honestly that you never meet what look you're not meant to know your mom
That's not the lesson I would take it's just a person that you see in a postcard every once in a while
So like let's let's really lean on traditional values here. Your mom is somebody that was in prison most of the time
You were a kid. Okay. Well, you know, that's a lesson you can draw Jay
5.29
That looked also like it might have been older
some uh
Some classic internet
Oh
This looks like maybe fighting. Let's check it out. Yo, that looks fun. I love to train boxing
Oh, you're like a big boxing guy
I'm in the gym all the time and
A great way to work out is to find a sport that you love and mine happens to be combat sports
I'm kind of a traditional guy
You're trying to broaden your audience out to the guys right now. I'm trying to get any audience
I'm really just thrashing around
Any audience will do oh, okay
What gender oh, I can't ask him that
Which one's popular?
Which gender is the most popular?
You know, I'm not answering that come on. I thought you were my manager. I'm not I said don't use me
Whatever you want I'm believing yourself. Okay. That's yep. I mean I kind of agree with that at least
Uh
Okay, let's keep moving five point four. That seems fair
I would love it if that's the video that gets that somehow got me like banned
because of the
Well, you know wasn't a penis it was a it was a pointy-nosed mouse that the person was wearing on their crotch
That's what I saw too. Nice. Yeah, we're in agreement. I
Just got on who's this now? Are they related to wet Mitchell and Jorm?
Their name was no my name's Jay Drilla. Yeah, we figured that out
I'm sure to figure out that this guy's name is Jay Drilla. That's again. That's not that weird. It's a good name, man
I appreciate you dropping your voice lately to sound less like
Durf dwarf
girth
Marfus what the hell learn the name of your friends?
Learn the name of your friends if your friends got a name I
Don't think you can sing a totally different song while there's song songs playing in the background. Oh, yeah
Let's go and let's friend it up. Yeah with your friends
Everyone's got friends. Everybody likes friendship
Maybe I'll work with some writers
For producers or anybody understands music you sounding a lot like a manager
Sounding like it's time to keep clicking on these videos enough pointless banter you
Whoa Jenny is your sister home? No
But I'm here
Congratulations
You passed the test
The test I put my sister up to it. Oh
Jake
You do love me
So we did
Yeah, that was love. Wow. That's beautiful
I'm both in support of protection and waiting till marriage and I'm in support of love
Everything that we saw was good in the video. It was nice
No, glove no love
But also don't have sex
Until three years into marriage. I don't know if that's still popular with the kids
No sex ever. I
Think that's exaggerated how popular that is with the kids just don't I believe in God
You don't need to do PR right now. You're not gonna get famous being on this network. You just got to relax
You got to try something
Okay
Have sex with God
No, I don't think you can do that, right?
Jay drill of the vibe killer. That's pretty good. You should go with that vibe killer
Yeah, your name can be vibe killer. Is that cool like I kill the vibe but in a good way?
I'll make the vibe killer. Yeah, I made the vibe killer
Maybe not actually. I know let's just maybe you'll figure out what angle will get you famous if we keep watching videos
Just double let me double check where this is headed. Okay. Yeah
Just need to make sure there wasn't a vagina we can continue
Good song
How long is this? What's happening?
Is this Lin Manuel Miranda?
Oh my god, it's two and three minutes long
We're gonna kind of just scrub ahead look at all this stuff that's happening
Jay, can you cover us with some music while I do this?
Here's to the girl. That's our girl here's to the girl. That's a girl girl
And everybody's when underwearing the girls the girls and the girls girls and okay here's the end
Is that in should I start wearing stuff like that is that like what people like?
I
People like
I'm not the person to ask a Jay. Call me vibe killer. No, that was hot. It wasn't yeah, I guess
Ended up with kind of like a
worm mouth
horror
Chastity belts I
Guess I didn't see a lock on it though. Let Pepito be your manager. Does he know what's up? Should I let Pepito do it?
Yo, Pepito, I'm open to changing management. Obviously with somebody good now, but I'm always open to hear other people out
Point eight three
Chat didn't love that one. We got some low scores today. This is my kind of a month the web a month
Okay mystery. Oh
God that mystery
You're gonna you listen up. You're trying to figure out how to manipulate people
Get ready for one of the real OGs Jay
Guys, it's mystery from the TV show the pickup artist and I'm here with my good friend and wingman a blaze
What's up guys? We're preparing ourselves for the New York bootcamp
Perhaps you should do the same mark your calendar guys
Last weekend in June in the city that never sleeps per usual three training options to choose from did they take
Before this two days and two nights of training
Masterclass bootcamp three days and three nights of training or for a peak experience
Make it a five-day residential and live in an Airbnb with mystery himself
rooftop patios
vibrant street festivals
8.8 million people
2.5%
Female that's over going to be guys another year of hesitation
Maybe next time a few more rounds of self diagnosis or is it time to try something different?
Time to reframe this
Sinister an investment in your future an investment
You can no longer afford to wait on the time gentlemen is now time to get what I have in my head
Is this like into yours in our is this like an ad or this is gonna sell us?
Like some kind of
This is like an ad for ground news somehow
Why is this so threatening?
Okay, let's see it through at least New York
DM New York for further details or visit ask mystery comm forward slash training end of June
New York learn the elegant art of the cold approach pickup anything else enough said think investment
Think June think New York
This is gonna be stuck in my head now this last part right here. I
Might have to clip the sound out think investment think June think New York
Whoa
There's you know satire is so dead. There's just no you just can't match
There's no matching reality for what it produces. Oh
God I already signed up. Oh
Man, don't do that. Jay. Well, you weren't really to be my manager and this guy looks like he knows what's up
I'll be I'm thinking June. I'm thinking New York
I'm thinking
What was the other one like I won't tell you don't want you to think this way
What happened to alpha con?
Wait, what was the website? Should we go to the website real quick?
If seeing is I guess you already did so
I
Can't as tempting as it would be to go to this and wear like a hat camera or something. I
Don't think I could I don't think I could handle being in room with two strong elf is like this long enough
Wait, wait, wait. Maybe I can just Google mystery boot camp. I need those courses. You don't see if he loves me
I promise you don't there's gotta be a better way. I'd run. You might be better going to alpha boot camp. Oh
What a boring website
This is this is a little disappointing. I'm a little disappointed in mystery's website here
Mystery's world famous pua boot camps great news. They're back
You knock it, but what if it works?
Overcome the fears of holding you building you back and start living a life of abundance on
Mysteries weekend boot camps you learn to confidently open conversations with strangers
Captivate audience and build a solid skill set to attract women in your life
Why is it tenning a pickup at his boot camp so important to improve your game?
You think he'd hire me to sing jingles?
No, they have any more videos
Digital store oh
God guys get those credit cards out
Okay, I will absolutely do that book of DHV's
Is that that's not a sexually transmitted thing. That's a book
Mystery game changers. Oh mysteries. It's an e-book. This is all books
This is all books. I
Was really hoping for at least like a hat
But I guess there's not even a hat for me dang
It's both
It's it's an STD and a DHV
DHV
Direct hookup violation. I would be selling a book of those so you don't do them. Oh
Get your own inflatable date
That's one way to get a hundred percent success rate and I think maybe his only way
Affiliates oh my god, there's affiliates. What does that even mean?
It means everything once you become one join mysteries affiliates and earn 50% on every digital sale you make
What is this affiliate program Eric von Mark Markovic's affiliate program known as mysteries affiliates?
Is a way for you to earn money by advertising ask mystery pick apart his training products on your website
Oh, it's just it's selling products. It's an MLM to I
Seem to remember hearing that this guy got
In trouble for something
Mystery pick up artist. I'm just gonna search that plus court
Okay, I don't know I guess he's just still doing this. I'm sure he's been cancelled as people as
I'm sure he would claim at some point. I've been cancelled, but I
think probably just
Everyone got grossed out by him at some point and
Stop fucking with mystery. I
Still fucks with mystery
life's a mystery and
The only way to solve it is to pay
He got in trouble for picking up too many women the men complained
He yeah, it was dudes who were pissed at him. They're like, mister. You're too good. You're too good at this
Okay, you know I'm tempted to end with that one, but this might be a train wreck
But I think it still may be preferable to what we just watched
Oh
Let me run it back
Friday
Like a fun brands are now I really love how fun brands are it's great
I love that ads are good are so good
And fun I like a good fun ad because it lets me know that the brand has personality
Which is a thing I enjoy
Me too
I love it when a brand shows off their strong personality for me to enjoy the brand and that's part of what makes Amtrak social
Media teams so forward thinking and exceptional is
They understand trends and
They're playful
It's a 10. I'm saying it's a 10
Jake call me skunk master. I'm not calling that. Okay. I was gonna try it out. I'm not calling you. Why would that be good?
I don't know. I'm just throwing it out there. Okay, Jay
We got it. We got there everybody
Sometimes you just need a 10 in your day and every that's like my song every day is a perfect 10 when you're with your friends
Every day is a perfect 10. I sold that one to Walgreens. I believe that actually it's one of my big hits
Well, that'll do us for today. Wow. What a great time I had with all of you and all of you are perfect 10
So by my album it's not out yet, but I might sell it on individual flash drives in a Best Buy parking lot near you. Bye. Bye
It's fucking movie time guys. Holy shit. What the hell?
Do I eat his isle a phone there we go? That's better
Well, I got a desire of fun for a second there Chris. Who's here? Yeah, I'm here, too
That's not how your voice would sound if you ate his isle a phone, but you know, maybe you're just saying something fun
Don't judge every little thing I say and think okay today. I know it was doing no judgment day
No judgment from me today. All right
That sounds surprisingly cool, and I don't think you can pull it off
That's fine to think that
Whoa, all right
Let's watch some fucking trailers. That's what we do here
My name is in fact Trent and you do know what it is and also my parole officer Chris is here because I'm fucking rebel
And he's got to watch my answer. I might rob a bank or some shit
Yeah, I mean you'd get in trouble if you did that. That's not me judging you that's saying a fact
That thing you just said would get you in trouble just and that's just a fact to know
It's close to judgment, but I guess I'll let it pass. Let's see
Didn't you leave the theater Trent to watch Turner classic movies? I fucking gave up on that dream. I just movies aren't for me
That's fine
Everybody's got their own thing. Whoa. This is nice
Yeah, I'm not I'll never watch a movie only trailers
I'm just a trailer guy and I figured that out about myself, and I think it's important to know yourself. I think it was
Buckaroo bonsai who said know thyself or some shit some shit like that some important guys said that
And in another part guys said it's trailer time. Let's see what this shit is
ladies and gentlemen
you
Are the very definition of survival of the fittest
Is this drastic park as well dr. Orta your story inspired us to leave everything behind
They start anew trust me by this time next year one of us will be gone. I
Personally hope it's not you we hunt
We fight
We kill the kind of best to ruin us they want
Because we are family
You're a three-star let you just oh they're doing sex. They sound a real Bible
Do the Bible's like way sexier than I realized
I'm sensing judgment in your laugh. I thought this was a judgment for you down
I'm not judging you right now Chris. You're judging that I'm judging you apparently that sounds like judgment
What you said is a thing you said
Yeah, it is two point three three
Eight you can rate this movie x-mation point one through five and then you're like a regular
seasoning eberts
Yep, ooh
I thought it looked good ish
It had all the soul and celebrities in it and it had the alien noise what you know like
But on an island then there weren't any aliens and
I was like why are they so mad if they're so sexy and fucking
But I guess cuz they're on an island and eventually that starts to suck
He just can't be on island for too long. It's like 90% of reality TV shows is that being on an island for too long
It will make you insane
Mm-hmm
So I get it the Harvey girls. What?
Judy Garfield
Says Garfield in it. Let's see what's up. It's garland. That's not judgment. It's just it's Judy Garland. Yeah. Yeah, that's what I said
Whoa
They knew how to get down back and whatever this is
Come
Is this a movie about lunch
It is pretty gay and lusty for sure
Ray bulger
Holy smackers milk and crackers sounds like case wrapping
Oh
Some gay and lusty behavior
Competition see
No, what ladies keep it lusty
Yeah, this is from the director of Blade Runner
The street gang this is the first ever tiktok dance. Was that the whole movie? Did I just watch the whole ass movie?
No judgment, but no that is still a trailer. It was only about two minutes and 50 seconds. Damn
I feel like I saw the whole thing
It might be longer than the movie chat agrees
This is a train heavy stream that is also accurate no judgment. There's just a lot of trains
We like trains here
That doesn't say anything about us
Anybody can like trains. Yeah. Yeah, it's just a train
Two-point well, no, sorry, you stop time to vote
Look, it's a class you got to give it a classic score. What's the most classic score?
I mean probably five right? Yeah, but it's not the most common
What makes it classic it being a regular occurrence or it being a one-of-a-kind?
Well, it's two different definitions of kind of the same thing three that might be the most someone John the middle kind of score
three stars
Respectable
Was that a classic?
I'm actually that's even before my time young blood. I would need an old head
That would call me young blood to educate me on that particular film
I'll fucking get it. It's dancing. It's lusty. It's gay. I'm into all that shit. I'm fucking down man
I'm down for whatever
All right
Had Dorothy and the scarecrow it was basically Wizard of Oz too. I agree then they did the train dance train
They became trains. You see that shit whole group of people being trains was blowing my fucking mind
Yeah, I mean I'll fuck with Charlie Brown, whatever
Charlie Brown noise ha
Gurn
Grins up
Sorry, it's guns up, but I wish it was burns up. We're gonna watch one more. Wow. You're really full of trailers today
There's a lot of good ones. Was there there wasn't a specific request for one. Okay
So this will be the last one
guns up
Suns out
Guns up very close very close
Burns out burns out
Sure
Anyway, this is guns up not burns up. Sorry to get everybody's hopes up. Isn't that the Bob Owen Kirk movie?
Thought he was the one that got to do that
That got to do comedy but then action as an old guy. I guess every old guy gets to do it
Looking forward to Will Ferrell as
Hitman and Rob Schneider as a hitman and
Also
Louis CK is back. He never went away more or less and he's a hitman now
Louis CK is a hitman but probably get some people talking. He's never beat like this before
2.83 stars right down the middle for mr. Kevin Smith the king
I couldn't get there. There's nothing that starts with quee. That's about killing
Yeah, quees doesn't do it
Let's say Kevin Smith. Oh, yeah, Kevin James. No judgment, but they are different people
Now they're probably the same guy, right?
Pratt falls equals Kevin James. I think they should let Kevin Smith do one, too
Just let him fight the John mechanical spider just from the thingy pitch
That's the kind of thing you would know if you were old just so you know no it was in the flash
So I know about it not to
King of quees doesn't work for the violence angle though unless it's a particularly violent quee
I need a word that means killing that starts with quee or at least cute
King of quilts. That's not violent
All right
We watched too many trailers. I'm tapping out that last one nearly killed me and not because Kevin James was so violent
Which I wasn't ready for because he's supposed to be nice
But that's just the limits of my brain
That's where it taps out and much like Kevin James in a UFC ring
I'm going to tap out right now, but that doesn't mean we're disappearing. There will be more things immediately after more unnecessary
Graphics because you do in fact know what it is
What do we have left today a debate?
We're gonna go ahead and
Disappear the segment requests for now
Boop
Because we're getting to about that time right?
Paul Blart murder cop
See that's that's fun to say. Yeah, I might actually get out of here
someone on time
My two-hour streaming schedule the secret to growth is to stream less
But before we do that we do
Need to run through all the news that's fit to post on our discord
The cream dot team is where you can throw the news that you want whoever I happen to click on to then click on
It's even more news time
Still here
When I got some other busted ass looking lady to show up never forget
Who the original floating face lady is the one and only
Me I'm Lily on a breath for Shreveko to seal
You see Lilliana I would never forget that you're also a person of course
No one's ever denied that I am
She's looking for violence today. Maybe maybe I want my own Paul Blart murder cop movie
If everybody gets one everybody who's above 40 years of action star now why not Lilliana?
I've ungrisled occasionally from the right angle. I have five o'clock shadow. That's true. So come on
Hey, you got my vote, but I don't have any decision-making powers when it comes to financing movies or anything else
But I do have the power to click on the stories going to make you that
That are the part of click on these stories that have been shared and it looks like we got some good ones
Oh a baby, you know what I meant to I meant to play this when you're talking about Zaraan earlier
But he's also a rapper and far be it for me to disparage anyone
Who wraps out of nowhere? I don't know if we can watch all of this, but let's see
What he's up to in this in this video
countryside chicken curry
Hello
Pound and a half of chicken
money
money
again
Is it gonna wrap was it gonna wrap?
You're living in our house now mom. We're not living in yours. It's just too much rap sketch. Where's the rap?
Okay, what get it what looks like we do get there
Missful rap
Name was radical Islam. God. I wish wait. There was another one
There's another Zoran banger. I think I think he was on a movie soundtrack
Yeah, this is the one I this is the one I was big because I saw this movie
Bring the flavor to the fish with the flavor to the rice
Who's the number one spice who's the number one spice in the flavor to the fish with the flavor to the rice who's the number one spice
Oh, it's all the TV
Yeah
Easy now we're supposed to do the news not vibe out to
Zoran bum Donnie rap songs that were
On the soundtrack to a Disney movie
He technically was already he was telling us a successful rapper. He could have just done that. It's only from eight years ago
African Robin with commotion school. Yeah, that's from I think that's from the one where she's a she's good at chess
Queen of cut way. I
Saw that I'm familiar with Zoran's work. I was familiar with his work before I even realized I was familiar with his work
Okay, let's see what we're working with here
More news courtesy of of the discord and that the United States plays an important role in the world
I am thrilled that the United States trying to police the proliferation of nuclear weapons
Imagine what the world would look like if if it was otherwise
Still be the only country that is ever bombed another country with nuclear weapons and let me ask you one question
Why did the Iran hostage crisis take place?
So certainly
Radicals took over the government. Why why did they take over the West? Why?
Joy, I read their religious jihadis who want to eliminate Western society way of life
Or they overthrew the Shah of Iran who we imposed on Iran
Because the dullest brothers one at the CIA and one at the State Department
Decided that the oil beneath the soil of Iran belonged to BP and
Belonged to us. Oh shit when Mossadak who was the leader of Iran the democratically
No, she needs behind this said that we would like to audit
Because we want to know if you are cheating us or paying the people of Iran
Based on the oil under their soil and they said you may not audit us
And then we overthrew him and he wound up dying in prison because we decided that we in our arrogance as a country
Got to own their oil
And so the hatred of the United States had to do with the hatred of the Shah who brutally repressed the people of Iran for
26 years
Until he was overthrown
Within Iran because he was not their natural king. Joy read a king any more than we wanted a king
The bottom line is the arrogance of the United States is foreign policy
We act as if people act in a vacuum and that nothing we do we has ever led to the
Hatred of us in other countries and I'm not saying that
But you just said for because they hate our freedoms
They try to have actual opinions on CNN what's happening I
Guess the ratings must really be struggling. They're like, oh my god. Are we gonna start telling the truth?
I don't think it's the smartest policy personally
I'm in favor of classic media where you are if you skate and shift blame
But CNN wants to try letting people on to tell the truth. That's a unique strategy
Good for joy read
You know introducing some actual talking points into a discussion on CNN is
This is this is all those or are affect. They just don't know how to react. I'm like fuck
I guess do we just have to start talking about things I
Can't believe they let her go on an eruptive that long. Yeah, that was surprising on so many levels
I to be fair I haven't watched CNN and I
Don't know since like 2020
So
Maybe they have people on with more diverse few points than I would expect but uh
Like a strong anti imperialism explanation of US foreign policy is
Exactly the type of thing I would like to be on national media more regularly
Maybe we can finally claw back some of the brain space for all that from all the over 50s
We've poisoned after decades of 24-hour news stations just pounding their
Cerebral cortex is in the dust why would you have your own news station? Oh
Yeah, but why would you you have your own news station? Yeah, I'd only listen to my own news station
Actually, whatever I do by my YouTube algorithm will recommend me my own stream. I'm like oh god. Oh
No
This is what it looks like. You don't know what your own stream look like. No, it's burning to my cornea from staring at
Staring at my own feet all day
We're all caught in the bin bubble you're trapped you're trapped. We're all trapped in this bubble together
Are am I in here with you or are you in here with me?
It's the second one. I am the warden of this bubble. You're the warden. You're the bubble warden
I am bubble warden. They should make that a game. That should be a game boy game a
Game boy game bring back the game boy release bubble warden
All right more diddy news
our favorite
Joking my usual disclaimer about how this whole case is about sexual assault and that makes it not fun
Well, you just did case. Hope you're happy sex therapist says freak offs can crank up the heat in bed
Just get your partner's consent. What?
Look at this picture
No problems here. You don't find this to be in slightly portaiso, Lyanna. It's all fun and sex
Until you read the details the diddy trial is putting his freak offs on the world stage and a famous therapist says there are
Elements from the now infamous sex marathons that couples can use to spice up their relationships. Well
She I'm glad they put this part in red
Consent is key
You think you could kind of just say that and then not talk about the rest, but let's hear her out anyway
I think a lot of people as much as there are Paul diddies case
They're also kind of titillated because a lot of folks are struggling in their sex lives
They're either having sexless relationships or it's become completely boring and
I mean, she's not wrong that the reason this trial is so popular is because it's a
involves tons of like
Salacious sex news and people are like sponges for that shit, but it is I'd say that's a good example of why I
Can't stomach reading about this shit
because using this is some kind of like
chance for self-help sex reflection
When like literally dozens of people were were we're raped
Then being like but also it's a really good chance for couples to connect
Just fucking watch you know
go watch
Like an early age go watch an HBO show from the 2000s and let that be your spicy sexual stimulation for the day
What he just wanted to go on watch the L word and spaz out in bad case some of us need more contemporary
Things to get our rocks off, but also it's titillating
Well whole culture is titillated are you gonna deny that I can't deny that people are very invested in this trial for exactly
What she's describing I
Just don't know if that's a good thing
Speaking of healthy relationships Kendall's calling me
Hey, you're on stream just a warning
That's great news, you know what I think I'll actually be done streaming by the time you're home for once
I'm keeping to a normal schedule
Isn't that crazy
Okay, I love you. Bye. Bye. Bye
See
We didn't talk about diddy once
And that's why the sex magic is gone. No, there's tons of there's more sex magic. You can imagine what?
Never mind. I'm moving on. I'm moving on
Uh
What did a heavenly moment devotees stunned by Jesus apparition in the clouds
No need to read the story here. Let's just see the apparition
You know what we got a full screen this apparition one second are people chanting under it. I'm waiting for
I'm waiting for it. I'm waiting for the that was it. You didn't see
You didn't experience the joy and power of Jesus Christ our Lord and Savior in the sky
Did have all those?
Yeah, we all us true believers saw him right away. This is like one of those magic eyes
You just weren't you weren't you didn't relax your eyes enough to see Jesus me. I relax my eyes
I immediately saw Jesus and fully realized 3d and he was looking
He's looks good. It's kind of oily. I'll take it. I
Mean, that's the ultimate old power. God Jesus Christ
If I could
I mean also, he's already time. Okay. Hmm. Actually, we're gonna keep we're gonna move on. You know, I'm not wrong
China breaks RSA encryption with a quantum computer threatening global data security. Ah
Your encryptions are even broken case. Look at all the ads popping up. It's already taken effect sound all the alarms play the scary music
Don't know if your computers immediately everybody click off the stream stop setting people away Lilliana. That's no time burn your cell phone
Liliana relax stop spreading this information. I don't know if I am or not because your pop-up blockers broken
The encryption's been broken your past ones been leaked. You won't even last five minutes not watching this video
Okay, relax
Run to Wilna F stream. I mean, why haven't you already?
Honest questions quit trying to cannibalize my limited fan base of Liana. I
Can't read the story though because a pop-up did pop up and it scared me
That's fair, but I have a button for that
If you logged on to your bank account this morning the security protocols still seem secure
But things are changing a team in China just showed that the math behind RSA
Concription is starting to bend to the will of the quantum realm. Whoopsie. I thought it was just a fun Ant-Man movie
Using a quantum a neelian processor built by dy. Ive systems
The researchers say they factored a 22-bit RSA integer that had
resisted earlier attempts on the same class of hardware Wang Chao and colleagues at Shanghai University carried out
The experiment. Oh, no, I'm worried about what I just understood. I can't believe they broke the
22-bit RSA integer I thought it'd be years before we broke the
22-bit RSA integer me as well
But don't worry we had to talk about this intelligently and what this means for you
But there's no time so we better move on. Yeah, that's probably no time for that
Oh, no
Liana this happens every time relax
We always have to allow the ads. There's no choice
Or I have to hit this one button
They still can't find all the pictures with stop signs in them though that will take
Whatever's past quantum physics
mmm
Secret physics isn't quantum physics already secret physics. Well, whatever's next that'll be what breaks the stop sign thing
Armenia's Prime Minister offers to show his penis to the head of the church
he's supposed to
That was just a thing I told him to do
While he was tied up. He's not supposed to actually do it. What's that?
Let me just see what's what does he do this time the Prime Minister of Armenia?
Has vowed to prove his faith by dropping his trousers to the head of the church
Nicole Pash
Pashin Pashinyan was challenged to prove his member is
Uncircumcised in a bit of feud played out over social media and Armenian priest accused Pashinyan of being snipped on Monday implying
He was not Christian in the deep religious West Asian country always trying to prove that he got the old snip snip
That does seem to be what he's trying to do. I'll just take his word for it
Well, that's because you're not taking politics seriously case
Do you really expect?
The orthodox Armenian
Population to vote for a man bunch of floppy skin all over the head of his penis
Hey, you know Zoran prove that anything's possible in America
I believe in the bold vision of an Armenian future where a guy
without the sock
The skin sock can win
This is the kind of radical
You know
The future is daisies blah blah blah nonsense that is why the left will never be in power as long as that man
Doesn't have a red soldier no sock poking straight out
There will never be peace. I guess I don't know enough about Armenian politics
That is definitely true and unfortunately true for me as well. I
Just like you know, I just I just like the
Octogenarian power daddies
I don't really care about their politics of all the movies in the world that weren't expecting to get a sequel anytime soon
David Fincher scorching
2010 Facebook film the social network one of our picks for the best movies ever made is
Right up there and yet
Aaron Sorkin a sorkin all over it
He's got it sorkin wet and he's ready to put his finger on the page
Great
When we get in West Wing to oh my god actually if he made more West Wings in the current political environment
Everybody's got these completely alien soaring rhetoric speeches
I bet he couldn't resist he would like give Donald Trump like fast fast-talking dialogue where he's whip smart whip smart Donald Trump
He should make it happen. I mean we kind of got it with the news
the news man
super super news
News Jesus with the show you made about the news guy the nose roll
Yeah, or this the newsroom where the crowd tells Jeff Daniels to go fuck himself all of Aaron Sorkin's writing makes me want to fuck
Myself to death
But I know there's fans and I think the social network is one of his more tolerable movies. I
will certainly be curious to see his interpretation of the current climate on
Social media climate expressed via the incredible story of Mark Zuckerberg the Odysseus of our day
stranded at sea in a metaverse
just
Wishing he could return to his one true love
Face page the original name of Facebook where you rank how hot women are
That's probably true if he could just get back to that original nugget of a good idea he had
Rating how hot the women are on campus. That's his rosebud
Should be a rosebud button
But when you're really into somebody the news newsroom had Aunt live in it it did it did and I'm glad that she got the work
We're all happy and happy healthy and working. Okay
Continuing on the news march. Let's do two more and then get out of here. Well, give them do a bit debate and get out of here
People are asking chat GPT for advice on injecting their own facial filler a cosmetic procedure
That should only be carried out by licensed medical professionals. Don't know again. It hits tracks again
Since open a our first introduced chat GPT to the public blah blah blah
It's an AI that chats with you. We get it. It does stuff some of which is bad now add to that list
Asking chat GPT for advice on how to inject facial filler a trendy cosmetic procedure intended to puff up features like lips and cheeks
Yes, we know what basic things are. I'll be injecting myself tonight one ready to route and a recent post
I have all things needed on hand
And I'm trying to research the best way to keep things as sterile and clean as possible
Can you imagine the internet making people think they can do anything on their own without consulting professionals?
I can imagine because that's the exact same way. It's been for the last, you know, 25 years
But now there's a different thing making people do that and it's even more dangerous
I actually do agree that there's something about the idea that chat GPT is this all-knowing
Palantir for lack of a better word what
There is something about the amount of trust people put in chat GPT that does make it a little extra dangerous as opposed to googling something where
Maybe occasionally it's easier to suss out how
Seriously constructed certain sources are so there is an added element of of stupidity and all of this
but it is very much in the same vein as
what all of the
Optimistically DIY folks have done to themselves on the internet in the past
Probably not the worst thing people are asking of jet GPT. Yeah, that's another point
It seems odd to single out filler, but I guess it is a medical procedure
But I think there's also a whole generation of people that will never go to the hospital
because they can Google
They think they can Google what they have and also a whole generation of people that will go to the hospital every time
They have a headache because they Google it and they're like well it says I might have cancer
Mmm, but I might that's true. You always might you should go for regular checkups
Just maybe don't run to the ER because a Google or chat GPT told you that you could have like a
Internal hemorrhage because you have a stomach ache. I thought people use tic-tac for everything DIY
Powered by jet GPT what it is now not yet not yet
Also
Just to you know, we'll close this off with some
more
Internationally relevant news, I guess arguably
US strikes did not destroy a ranucular program says intelligence assessment
Speaking of intelligence assessment listen to this man talk
They hit the target perfectly wiped it out
And the press is very disrespectful. I saw CNN fake news going well, maybe it wasn't a perfect hit. It was perfect
They said maybe it did destroy it we agree it did destroy it, but maybe it could have destroyed it more
No, no goodness destroyed everyone hit and it's very disrespectful to those great geniuses and patriots
That flew those planes through tremendous dangers
You know, this is rare for me, but for once I got to agree with the president
They got it they a hundred percent got it and it's really rude to imply that they didn't and we should all stop reporting on this
And there's because there's no need to bomb them anymore actually
Mr. President, I know you're not watching but just in case
Somehow this got you you got it you did it you solve the Middle East don't even think about the Middle East anymore actually
Just that uh, just don't you're right. Don't keep on your end. I didn't get it. Yeah, but he did so
Thanks, it's important to know the facts. No, no
It seems like since it's not so if the facts as he sees them
Point to being done with this insane quest to bomb a nuclear program that
Wasn't developing a weapon then I I'd say
Let's rick it up
God our military so good. They could they could blow up a
Baby in a haystack they can though they do do that. I know they do that's a poor choice of words
They said no one has bombed them like he he was the best they've ever seen I think I heard that Trump actually flew the plane himself
Like in spirit like his spirit was so strong the pilot said that actually in a sense
They felt like Donald Trump was flying the plane and it hits so well that
Iran is like our ally now and that's and they're going forward that should be the operating logic
Beautiful stuff
Except we didn't hit a shot Liliana why honestly why?
Why do we care?
They should just fucking have a nuke what that's your son insane
Honestly, none of us should have nukes, but they'd probably be safer with the nuke at this point
I think if this whole situation proved anything
It's that there's a reason we don't ever go to war with North Korea
Yeah, but we're always saying we will exactly all we're ever doing is saying we will and then for some reason we don't
So
All are welcome to cream
Yeah, we just need a unilateral cream world where everyone has access to the the turret cream
Our great soldiers can't even match in time guys case apparently needs us to hype up the military. I
just think
Why don't we if the president believes in some comfortable fiction that lets him feel like he's done with if he got it out of his system then
Great start on a nation called cream land who I'm not sure about that plan
No faith in the nation of cream land
That's so sad case and it's so sad that we're out of time for the news
All the news that you could handle has been forced into your brain
And there's no preventing it because we cracked the code
That allows your brain to avoid the news
That's a powerful new algorithm that can get all the news in there whether you want it in there or not
And we just used it on you and now we're going to use it on you to make you listen to two men scream at each other
It's time for mom from wrong
Guys look
He's freaking back. I mean obviously that's bad news for me shut up everybody you love me. I get it
It's bad news for me, but I don't even I'm not even hearing the flies. I got them all cleaned up
He's looking good
You're sounding even you're sounding even better than usual
Coach McGurk is here
You steal that name. No, that's my name. All right
I had actually paid a cleaning service to come shower him kind of like a prisoner
I paid a bunch of prison guards to shout to spray him with a hose. He did it was
It was not a clean process
I'll be honest
Parts of him did come off
And I put him back on
I'm sure it wasn't the show's resident serial killer
I've not seen that clearly that gorilla is just still on the network and I've got some questions for that fucking gorilla
But I refuse to do any segment other than the one that I'm contractually obligated to do because I'm a very busy man
So all I'm saying is I thought we were pals
Violent gorilla. Where are you?
far as I'm considered as far as I've
Decided missing inaction how'd I get his body parts back on?
Medical glue it was hot
It was just straight-up hot glue
Coach McGurk you're here to do physical therapy not
Fucking Dan Carlin's hard list history over here
That's in the past baby today. We're debating something new. That's what we do here
And you're supposed to get him back into barely fighting shape. You don't even have that much to do
you just have to get him back into
Disturbingly poor shape
But slightly improved from this he's he's working at it. He's doing his best. I
Think he's on he's looking better than ever
That was me. I fucking paid the prison guards to come hold some time goddamn
Feel the had to fill the fucking studio with all those fly repellent candles smells like a fucking
Broke-ass barbecue in here
We got some comments to get through before we hit the debate for the day
Chris Cuomo crashed out last night with his brother losing that is so sad
I'm just saying
Chris
The water's fine over here. I know you traditionally like it blue. We'll try some red water red flavored Gatorade is just as good as blue Gatorade
And I get the sense some people are gonna be making the journey over to my side of the aisle real soon
If there was an eat the rich vote taken in America, it would win. Yeah, because we're so delicious
That's ridiculous
Obviously our tender and moistened meats. I have an insane mouth feel that you can't get from anyone else. I
Would eat the rich but they've got excellent security
Sack Hummer went to hospital today because it was oh
Sack Hummer is not his name. I think you met Schumer
But I'll prefer I'll go with Sack Hummer actually Sack Hummer went to hospital today because it was hot in DC
Hope for new leadership, you know, I don't know if Palestinian Schumer is gonna stick so
President Trump I don't usually care about helping you because I feel like I should be in charge actually but you can have Sack Hummer if you want it
Bubble ghost erected a rat arrested freak off allegations
I always knew that little bubble freak was a nasty motherfucker social network to is about January 6th. Oh
I
Kind of open it's just about Mark Zuckerberg deciding not to give people legs in the metaverse
You put the head back on but you forgot about a soul
Which you see every time you close your eyes. Don't see anyone soul
There's no soul in here from it in my eyes. My eyes are soulless
Shut up. I think you're getting under your skin and apparently that's what you're supposed to do
So good job. No, not here. Okay. Look, what are we debating today?
Is the new Sabrina album cover too sexy or just right?
All right, what even is it new Sabrina carpenter?
album
covers at the old one where she's doing the she's getting her hair pulled or
Is there did she release a new one? That's less sexy because people were mad at her for being too sexy. I
Can't even keep up with what is considered sexy anymore. God it changes every hundred years
It's so fucking confusing
Hollow what a great fruit and fuck that like we used to in the good old days goddamn. All right
Look at this. Is this too sexy?
This is too sexy no
It's barely sexy at all. I've seen wild sexy things that could burn your eyeballs out
This is this is the bar we've got I've seen sexier fucking cool whip spills
They've formed all sorts of shapes like Jesus in the sky, but sexy
All right, come on. I mean yep disagree with I think you disagree with them. Okay
Let's try a different noise though
That's real real quick try different noise
All right. Yeah. Oh
No, that's move your mouth a little that'll that'd be a big step
I think he's trying to disagree with you though. I do think he's trying to disagree
Crumb should run for president
Yeah, because he looks like Joe Biden now. I haven't even said that yet. That's so easy to say you look like Joe Biden
Now you look more like Joe Biden than ever
It's a little low hanging. It's a little easy. So that's easy to make him feel bad about saying
Coach McGurk, it's a physical therapist. Okay?
How many times do I have to say that?
Look, I'm on the side of no, I think the world's become not sexy enough at all
I mean, I was the fucking M&M thing still pisses me off when they made her wear sneakers or whatever
Lola bunny is may as well be fucking
Payed pay loans bunny pay less bunny
This is should be a name that's not sexy anymore because now she's a frumpy loser
Everything should be sexed up 100% I missed the classic fucking Laker girls and I'm gonna am I defending Sabrina carpenter by saying it's not
Sexy enough or against her because I can't quite tell where the discourse is. I don't think crumbs quite at the level yet to
fill you in on
cultural politics behind Sabrina Carpenter's
lack of appeal to
female
Consumers, I don't even know what you're saying coach McGurk. Sorry. Yeah, can we just get a mind to make?
To make that is this it's been over a week. This is really the best we can do with
All right. Ah look
Look at this. I mean really look at this
Are we really?
Have we become so I'm covered up by the goddamn pole have we become so sexless
and prudish
That we can't handle a
Bagley suggestive hair pole he's barely even pulling the hair if anything this is more like a hair fondle
Maybe he's holding her hair. Maybe she had some gum in there and she's just and then she noticed someone's taking a picture
It's hard to tell that this is even a sexual situation. It's so barely sexy. Okay. Is she in good shape?
Yes, is she a blonde bombshell?
Sort of like a magical sex cherub sure I guess
But is it even sexy to pull hair? Look at this. I'm gonna pull my hair. It's barely turning me on at all
There's a million sexier things you could do. She could be on a jet ski. She could be selling a hardy's burger
There's the million classic sexy things. She's not doing and that's why I'm saying no not at all. All right
try to
Okay, you're breathing out but just try to
Add a get any consonant to it
All right, come on
We worked out we worked on blinking today for a while and you don't have eyelids
But take the energy that you got from trying to blink and put that into your what remains of your tongue and
Try to make any word noise
Come on. I don't make me play tough with you crumb
Speak a word
Crumb
Come on. You can make one. Give us one word
Good hustle good hustle. I did win right? I actually won not gonna get yelled at for winning
Because I did go with not a sec. I won
For the 1% of you
Congratulations, I'm assuming you just got all the points ever
I'm not the guilty one here this man better gorilla. That's not even here. I don't legally
I'm not legally involved in any of this. I'm paid a day rate and I do need the money. I just want to make that clear
You're lucky. I gave you a mic coach McGurk
It's supposed it's so that crumb can hear you in his
monitors
But you know, could we change it so that we don't hear coach McGurk's mic? I'm I could talk less I guess
my point is though
Mental is tied to physical. So I do kind of have to I have to encourage him. So I
Told you munchie. I like yeah, I could you can only interfere with my process so much if you want to see any results
Forgot to bet. Well a safe fucking bet is that I just crush that shit. Everybody agrees that this isn't turning us on
None of us are remotely horny from this and if we were I
Guess that's reductive or something. I stopped trying. I feel like I have to make your arguments for you crumb
It's ridiculous say something to me. He didn't I am not calling him a fucking devil
Favour for this one
Don't even worry about it. Okay. Look, he's making progress. Look how clean relatively he is
He's I won my obviously. I'm happy that I won winning is what I do
I'm I'm literally on top of the world and I got everything I ever dreamed of okay
That's the main thing that we learned today. I
Did kill it and I don't even care about the double meaning of that
I'm not afraid to say I killed it cuz I didn't do anything wrong
And I'll continue to not do anything wrong and I will not put more work into making him feel better about his mistakes
And neither show you because your wolves are rude. Bye. Bye. All right
That's a stream everybody
No one can say it's not
Cuz it was streamed
looks like
Danny is on playing Marvel rivals
So let's read Danny
former cat fellow reactor Danny a
Friend of candle candle a friend of my favorite candle
So we're gonna send you the way of Danny plots
It's a case raid
Look at this hair guys. It's getting there
Every stream it gets there eventually
But Peter was how far are we from the wall being ready to the insert insurance follow-up with us
Kendall's actually back
Hey, Kendall, are you still streaming tonight?
Are you gonna stream tonight?
Kendall says she might stream tonight, so
And if she does
You'll at least hear my voice
Wow more case voice. Yeah, you might hear my voice playing a game
Demon hunters
Again, I'm reading Danny right
Yeah guys
You fucking guys come on
Say hi to Danny for us, you know we'll say it's a Kendall raid because Kendall came home just while we were
Oh, it's not it's not a Kendall raid tell Danny make sure to tell Danny that what you're doing is not a Kendall raid, okay?
Bye-bye
Anything any closing words for the secret stream
It's secrets