she's not streaming okay well i don't fucking know guys am i supposed to do
what happened to case you could try to join i don't think it'll work
let me see i'll try i don't i don't know where's case is kate the case finished streaming
i did finish streaming that i'm gonna switch over my setup really quick and change the
case finished streaming i am i i put well i had the mod
i'll leave you with Fiona's just feeling a kind of talking while i go change
i think he's waiting on you all okay like right now guys right now guys it says in the corner
right here that's you studio gel pencil liner from mavel in new york show up bold wherever you go
smudge resistant waterproof up to 36 hour wear tattoo studio gel pencil mable in new york
can't sleep just a lot on my mind i can't sleep either and only gets tougher with age
mom what well knowing progressive can protect your home auto and business should help you relax
good because i could use a good night's sleep me too you're now early a chimney sweep gets up every
wait is this all a dream why would jamie be in my dream i am america's biggest spokesperson
debatable i said biggest i always got you there your lobby mod i'm gonna get the one that jenna has
an anonymous gift or gave to case blackwell hello hello thank you when we tried to switch from
big lobby to more company last night to play with case nothing worked and everything so we went back
to using bigger lobby okay okay thunderstorm is just a thing to install the mods okay thunderstorm is
just the thing okay so does thunderstorm have the bigger lobby mod okay you can just install
okay oh boy guys you can i say can i just say i'm confused i've ever been in my life i'm
fucking stupid like i'm she is struggling i'm fucking but i'm gaming let's zoom this bad plan
let's get the set of gamer distance okay now we're in the zone use the mod manager what the
fuck's that oh no i can hear if you know i'm gonna download i'm gonna turn her down it was such a pain
thunderstorm makes installing the mod one click yeah she should get that it is way way way
easier these mods aren't simple you're so right you're so right the mods aren't simple it is a little
simpler with the thunderstorm okay bigger lobby download re re okay thank you for oh the starting
soon screen yeah that's it's one of my first things i made for this stream it's my classic
starting soon screen that's the most recent let me figure out what they're doing and i'm gonna text
i need to be simple or else i'll fucking lose my mind okay let's listen to what this guy oh no if you
want to struggling let's listen to what this guy has to say you mean to me duck time i can probably
find that for you i have so many different stream setups that uh oh god but it's so loud when i just
drop it on all right i'm gonna i'll turn oh i know i'll turn down the system sounds and then i'll
save you guys if i can even find it um oh there it is okay
okay it worked there we go yeah i made that after i ate balloon with kendall
in honor of the egg embryos that i sacrificed it's the wrong one it's bigger lobby now fine
okay fine let me let me put back this bossa nova music to really chill me down because this
you know doesn't need to relax the balloon uh and i'm up it's like bullet okay apparently i always
say it wrong but then when i try to say it right i feel like it sounds even worse we're using but it
was honestly fine it tastes like an egg with a little extra meat and then there is a little
usually there's a little crunch of what is probably bone and that's the most unsettling part
well the most unsettling part is how it looks no really well because i don't believe that if i
download this i'm sorry like i know if i download this something's coming after me a hundred wait she
should download the mod manager look at that um okay i'm trying i'm chatting to her please fiona
you're to save yourself the job i'm downloading it so i just download it okay wait all right let me
text him oh wait okay so i just download it also i'm gonna call john okay i'm downloading it i'm downloading
it i'm downloading it i'm downloading it this is the kind of streaming i'm downloading i'm downloading
that i need to do i need to i need to be a guy on a phone barely paying attention to the stream
take my shit hey john you're on my stream just so you know i could mute you but i currently
haven't okay i downloaded it next okay uh oh they can't hear you i could put you on speaker
they can only hear me i just mean that i'm audible um here wait i'll put you on speaker
okay first of all do you want to play not among us the other thing they're a lethal company
they're making me download both things because i have 15 new characters i need to try okay i'm doing
it for pepito i am going to die on planets for them to be fully fleshed out okay so i have to go
white elephant tonight what's that white elephant is a thing it's a gifting thing i'm downloading it
guys i'm downloading it okay so um okay fine that sounds reasonable also is there something else
i'm downloading it that you want that did you want to ask me something off stream i mean i can ask you
here but i don't know if you want to do it you can do it on stream but i'm putting there are two
overwalks inside of it okay and i was wondering if you could like basically the director told me like
bring in all the scripts i don't get them okay bring in a ton of them and then we'll just do a turbo
recent script of like 14 months hello if you want if you look through and see like these
script isn't very good or wouldn't really work at the time i'm playing lethal cut this basically i'm
looking for cuts yeah send me a script i will read it and i will say cut that i wrote it wrong
here and i'm being held accountable because i'm live in front of people telling you this
all right killer killer all right profile um all right well one if you get sick of having friends
in real life come play lethal company what does that mean i love that game i do i create new
profile yeah okay all right now i'm gonna call tim and put him through the same thing what like
okay what okay okay i'll call grift what's that the more you get stressed out yeah maybe i'll make it
louder the more every time i get a little more stressed out i'm making it okay now i gotta call
him or i'll text him uh what's profile what's a profile store what's that why does it say i need
to create a profile oh no i i could just hear the sounds of confusion how's your porto shoot
john that's not the kind of commercial he's doing i swear why does it say this what do i do i mean
your info will be taken by every app that is true profile name required do i just put fiona nova
she's so anti this thing that she's this mod manager it is it does look a little sketchy okay
but not much more so than other now they know my name uh
shit now we lost him curses okay so okay so here i have do i have to download this
goof did they know my name fuck do i need this bepen x thing dude this is the
shit i see in my fucking nightmares bepen x pack she does need the bepen x back
matt doing okay trying to play lethal company
genus says fiona i'll send you the mod okay so i wonder what mod we're using that i need to download
this i wonder what mod we're using shit now i'm hearing myself too it's a disaster okay
okay you have joined the collective i'm just gonna ask fee which mod are we using i think if you install
bigger lobby it installs everything you need okay now i'm gonna look for bigger lobby okay let's ask
jena i'm switching streams no i'm not subscribed to jena twitch all right i guess i get to use
discord like an adult like an adult i'll use discord not just go into people's chats
oh shit i'm not friends with jena on discord it's hopeless i have to go into her chat
i've used discord so little until the last like other than to click on your links obviously
i gotta actually i should learn how to functionally use both twitch and discord
what will i okay oh jeda's already in a game
let's see if i can get it out of her chat damn she's just shaming people for being
nude i'm proud of that i'm proud of that what mod are they using i want to get shamed
i don't know
i've got my thunder story
her game's going wild
hey what the i didn't see it wait a minute did i lose all the mods i downloaded earlier that can't be
it can't be right oh no they're there okay oh i just i didn't name i didn't name my pack of mods
oh my god i don't know i gotta walk everyone through i just want to say you know what mod is
god damn i have to ask fiona and she's not gonna know the right mod okay fiona what mod
okay i think i fixed it i think i did it guys if this is what you guys told me is real this is it
i did it i did it bigger lobby okay case we're doing bigger lobby not more bigger lobby from the
thunderstore app let's see if any of my other shit yeah dude i don't know fucking shit i don't know
fucking shit here i don't know i'm in the same boat there shit i don't know fucking shit me i don't
know fucking shit it works should be loading should be getting into the game shortly closing that
bigger lobby oh good okay it's just about to text you after i i was gonna see if this works
because i have my suspicions that uh it will give me the same error message it was giving you
last night but hopefully it doesn't hopefully it just works okay fiona nova
join game shit is gonna let me join the game okay fiona nova join game there we go
it's all worked beautiful is your butt
fighting you to the game hello finally i'm sorry i literally had to shit there's like
how many fuck is he you have diarrhea i can't be your class today
here we go there's about 50 people in here y'all
is oh my god
probably everyone else here is my friends
and then there's fiona and then there's a mere klex uh take a mere klex today after
a year and then case needs to come cases no i'm in here is here you're here in the case
where's case is right here there's case and then where's and then where's tim and john
they uh can't make it you know unfortunately but tim might join later if he gets back in time
okay how do you have the most generic friends generic named friends ever well i couldn't
invite bill or kevin or shawn or shawn or dad actually a mere so that's pretty weak dude
oh man so what so what happens here now we just wait to get killed by ovilee we have six
hunniaks well we don't meet the quota we deserve to die okay that's fair you're so right wait
yeah so did today make it in here all these people can't do it we're missing we're also
missing um i think everyone well i know today i wanted to play i invited her i'm not sure if
she's in the game oh my god oh i don't think she's streaming right now so i can't check
we need to get the box with tj can somebody update him on the mods i said it's him ready okay cool
so these are my tried and true friends it's been with me since day one i love them
because i figured we need all the help that we need because judging by last game that we played
it was a fucking disaster you guys are great bring in some pros it was um so wait so who's in
charge would be the one orange the one in the orange the one in the orange the one in the
orange yeah the one with the biggest helmet oh my god is that a custom helmet wow fuck you
cool wait where's the mirror clicks uh today's trying to update her bigger lobby or whatever and
then i think she should be able to join us we just need one more person for now but there's one more
person coming one more okay i think we're waiting for tj also to install his mods okay he's
saying he thinks he did it so he's launching right now okay all right let me go invite tj
there's a lot of open huge like like i'm doing this in that corner whatever you guys can choose
the moons because i'm not going to wait that tj not a lot of people we're at a good one already
you can just sign this one but we're not until everyone's done okay we get tj in here all right
guys this is it team straight white man wait did tania make it lose our way well no she wanted
to play but i am i am a straight white male yeah so team straight white male that's our team name you
let's go straight and white straight and white straight and white wait wait straight and white is right
we got everybody i thought i thought that's what they said is it not no no i
it must be something like that it must write something like that absolutely absolutely one
name you got one name you got white is right so yeah gina art art since you guys are white
is right our our name will be um tyranosaurus flex shut the fuck up that's our name i i tyranosaurus
yeah and i'll go solo i'll be small pale penis wow it's team g4 tv and team never been on tv wow wow
wow kind of brutal
sort of fucked up wow i mean wow wow wow wow i mean we can all right so we're never bringing
gina's body back um is it time to play i think it's time i think we're all in here
oh let's go let's go i don't know don't forget we get shovels yeah we're missing one more we're
just missing one we're missing one okay oh i invite tj again okay hold on wait yeah he said
they don't work i'm gonna talk about team motivation that truly is how do i purchase cosmetics
with absolutely no money yeah i need to i need to try my networks i need to try to glow up my
little guy for money well you need what do you want you want a suit or like a yeah i want a nice
someone in my chat just said team jobs versus team no job wow okay look at us over here we went to
college we have careers in the medical yeah yeah they have honestly yeah i hope all your patients die
oh my god
taking it out of the patients
insurance wow
don't forget the rough ira um rough ira my back over there
you in the back all right
one straight white male cannot make it
in here okay devs a straight white male what the hell don't do that you go up to an item
press b what hello um i'm good like i'm good stop don't get close to me okay the amount of footsteps
this is gonna be so stupid this is so stupid tj in no i believe it's in here though
why don't you bring the bug beds back hello no okay
oh my god can we stop moving this thing i already hate it i already hate it
drink you guys are here employed employed and keeping this there are two you who put the light switch
right yes they're working too hard you can with the light switch is it jobs
that's that's i just moved away switch don't tell
tj in here i have no idea he's talking right now there's a lot of people who talks who's was that
you just turn up the lights who's talking hi all right whose name jun cock who did that
okay texas but his name is ling so you know he's okay tj's in here all right let's do this
guys
oh ian are you in here are we missing ian
all right single ball on single ball line what let's go
jesus christ i'm leaving i'm blocking all of you
ladder's gonna break fire fire one million and careful
oh
all right some of us need to die oh my god
wait a minute no one even tried to get flashlights
oh
no okay jesus everyone just ran out of there i mean okay
this does have squid game fives now that there's so many of us
dude there's no way this is real i'm just gonna go have a little tea party by myself
where are you i'm gonna run back to the ship and see if anybody bought anything
yeah actually i'm gonna go i'm gonna go with you case okay it's so peaceful now
dude case so many people i have never i felt social anxiety in a video game for the first
that is the first yeah that was unique for me too that was unique because i was like help
help i was like what if what if i make a joke and no one lasts i'll just shut up yeah i would
actually die i would cry i would cry oh there's okay i'm gonna get us two pro flashlights
yeah why don't you just buy as much as you can
oh you guys just stayed back well um well well just kind of i might have spent some of our money
you know just a little bit but i'm on a good for something good i'm just checking on everyone here
yeah somebody needs to be in so we need to be in here somebody needs to be in here
where there it is okay fiona yeah you're gonna want to see it what's here what you got
what'd you get it's just two pro flashlights christmas and a happy new year all right now we're
good to go i made the executive decision to spend all of our money on me and fiona yeah let's go
let's go i think we could find even more things now somehow with eight 15 people they've only
found like three things all right there's a spider i'm gonna go this way there's a spider in there
i'll just try to sneak it all right we spent all our money
okay we're getting out of here we'll just pull the power
there's i think there's a spider in there yeah somewhere okay there's definitely a spider this way
should we continue could be should we be brave sneak around the web a little bit let's see
wait i hear it back up back up back up i hear it yeah there's a there's a creepy crow back there
i hear it uh-oh oh wait no it's one of those guys and a spider okay
we did it success holy
it's not great in there right now
oh
the front door is a little it's a little rough
oh buffalo bilma
wait this protection for the head
would you fuck me why would you do that
were you good everybody's inside everybody's good why would you do that um no i'm not inside
i'm not inside i'm not inside all right i'm gonna get in here all right this is a lot of people
guys i can't see who the other person who died is standing someone else
well we might be leaving some people behind but i don't think we could help that with as many
people we're leaving behind no we're leaving tj tj wait tj's still alive no he's dead he's dead
he's dead oh someone just wow he's right he's right he's right he's just running around
look he's in there wait oh wait tj is alive we gotta go save him we gotta go save him he doesn't
know he's new where is he with the um christian you want to play i'll brave the elements tj wait
it is a little chaotic you're good we thought you died man
leave no man behind even though there's a hundred men tj welcome back dude we thought you were dead
uh-oh we're about to leave you we're getting sucked in the vacuum of space
um trying to move this oh but i'm not in do i just die you will die if you get stuck out there
do we need to remake the game so people can join back in
how about this we're gonna uh since there's so many people we're gonna do a g4 game first
and then yeah my mod games after yeah because i think obby was it was had too much and honestly
she might be a little bit autistic so there's too many what damn i like the army
honestly save honestly save okay okay okay okay let's make it over let's make it over
and then we're gonna say we're gonna bring off okay bear back all right we'll see you later bye
hi are we damn they were scared of the power of the army personally i say 40 person lobby
i will submit myself to the greater whole why i'm kind of on this level personally
i'm kind of on this i am in the greater whole all right i'm gonna try to join fiona's game oh
how do i join i don't know who's in what i'm not friends with jina on steam so it's going to take
me a second to get in here properly okay jina's collecting the remnants they should make it like
eight i would love just to be part of an army it would be nice if the facilities were a little
bigger for like that many people or maybe if two ships landed but i think they should just make a
maybe it would there's the servers would not work or something but if you had like a hundred people
on a huge map that'd be pretty sick i guess at that point it's just like a battle royale but you collect
scrap we're just slowly remaking fortnight okay oh dev i don't know which game you're in
i i said i would play with ovely and fiona and jina at least so i'm gonna play with
whatever game they're in um but if you're in my chat i certainly appreciate the invite
or if you're in that game i should just be joining it wait a minute i know how to see what fiona's doing
i have a cheat code oh she's in a game i can't seem to join it fiona's in jina's game maybe because
i'm not friends with um jina i can't join it oh okay there we go join game
all right i said exactly that to kevin he will he could download it
case is here gasm is too old nor these silent strangers i'll invite re re too we're going for
going only g4 here oh great hello and then we have i'm eating we have really kevin into
downloading i already did guys does anyone have joe marshes uh i got it i'm so sorry i actually
don't i'm sorry i don't want to congratulate him on his t1 win so yeah no i damn it he was
shut it out by name at the esports awards by the way was he yeah which part i didn't hear it for t1
oh nice not the not the game awards the esports awards oh yeah what's that yeah the more prestigious
you know i have tickets you know i have tickets to uh what's esports awards it's like professional
bowling for nerds oh nice yeah that makes that tracks obviously that tracks and and if it was up to me
i too would be a professional it's not too late it's not and i can do that i believe lego fortnite
is a thing i can do lego fortnite is real it happened i'm in fortnite lore by the way guys i actually
am they're literally no such thing did i am literally in fortnite lore i don't think i'm
joking are you saying i'm serious no do you inspire the girl no dude i'm in no they're like
the girl would not even guess you guys would not even guess what where i am in this floor
are you in one of the bathrooms
are you skimmy toilet that's incredible
is avali in here
she's a killer what all these mod things mean that is rance coming did we lose rance
yeah razz is here i think razz is what mod is no razz don't fucking pull don't fucking
yeah i'm looking at my mods razz is pulling the i'm not here what are those what are those
oh my god are we waiting on anyone else do we have anyone else i think this is it
now all right avali wants to use the moon for us baby girl it is typed wait up let me call in my
12 cousins were they all the fighter pilots yeah they're all they all speak at you know above
wait you racist bitch was that a kamikaze joke
that's why i love
is it that tomorrow push up in old japanese lady yeah
December is all remember okay December is white in history month
it's like christmas the month we all get to be really racing out of my grandparents so
oh same okay that was actually uh pearl harbour days december 7
oh we missed it
yeah happy pearl harbour happy belated happy belated for those who celebrate god i hate myself
for that happy belated sorry i don't know why
oh it's really bad truly instead of lighting a candle you light a
starbucks doesn't even celebrate pearl harbour day candles back
wait i want a flashlight did nobody buy flashlights again we all just get excited and run away
do i turn these lights down again there we go this is uh this is moodier lighting for me
pro flashlight it's selfish however it is better than the other flashlight
there's no denying that it's better than the other flashlight okay i need to put this back
damn it it's still so far out there we go there we go did candle market successfully
i i think so she looks great she's still in around my flashlight damn it
all right it's time to go be so helpful with any luck they think i'm dead so when i show up it'll
be like oh good oh sit case isn't dead what if i turn this light off what if i get some
scarier oh yeah okay that's too dark i want spooky lighting there there we go a little bit of
shadow okay now we're feeling now we're in the dark already okay nothing so far
i feel like the cost of sending the probe to drop off a flashlight is insufficient for the district
corporate endeavors that's fine final take a note what the hell was that hello that did make me jump
he's just a little guy he's just a little dude it's okay just a little guy that's a little guy
yeah there's literally nothing
yeah let me go check the shit what they've gotta be wrong right there's gotta be some
there's gotta be something we just haven't found the right way yet there are three doors
okay those are like connected and there's nothing there okay so there's two doors
i mean i heard a monster noise down here but i never found a monster
yeah there's a nice little lizard but not in this area oh we can just go in the fire escape and see
i didn't run into a fire escape did you well i went through the fire escape but i didn't find
anything either okay let me try it one more time just in case all right i'll try to meet you
i will go to the ship means she's launching that's unfortunate for me that does mean i will be
dying that is one of my favorite things to do in this game oh everybody's so confident that there's
nothing what's up man don't mind me i guess i'm sort of the hero today everybody
ovely's ditching us i have a thing someone's i have two things i have two i have two things
good come this way we're good can you make the jump um i think i can get around without jumping
okay come this way follow the sound of my voice always hello hello hello come this way come this way
we're good we're good come on ovely will apparently take off without me no we should go this is the
only shit we found just go just leave with it if i don't come back okay like someone's saying just
go in before they can even finish the thought gone this this scaffold i did eventually find a path
that has stuff and i grabbed two things oh cool okay rest rest ian is still looking i'm gonna
bully you right now okay i'm gonna bully you into why are you gonna be on your stream and showing
your perspective for the content oh okay all right if i go back in there
that's crazy i have a you know i appreciate taking initiative
and we only lost one that's pretty good that's not right this little bit that's pretty good
where's res where's res somebody wasn't paying attention breaking that all right
right i found you i'm gonna bully you into making content don't forget to don't forget to charge
your flash flash maybe somebody else should buy a flashlight we do have enough for another
on the table
yeah
guess what's right next door do it last do it last you will literally kill us all do it last
i'm gonna go ahead while they do that
we'll go into the
yeah we can get it last over here squad we just have to leave as soon as we get hungry
yeah
two feet over here there's one over here also just one over here apparently there's two behind
where is the bridge there's the bridge you're directly
dude that killed us so many times yesterday grabbing beehives
or maybe it wasn't even yesterday maybe two days ago the companies are bleeding together for me folks
folks the companies are bleeding together for me hello hello hello oh people are in here that's a
flashlight come this way okay one person with a flashlight come this way thank you're this way
hello one person with a flashlight come this way okay flashlight but i have one room and it's the
one with the power that's it should we come back for it in a little bit yeah i think so yeah let's
let's just make sure there's nothing else up here oh there's a flash someone give me a boost
okay so we got the flashlight we'll grab this last okay is there anything else up here
we wish you a very Christmas okay did anybody else get anything good um there is a there's a goo
there's a goo that's blocking my way is it blocking the front door um no it's blocking
like another way that there's possibly items i'm gonna grab we should go through the fire exit
bad news guys there's goo up there there's goo that's the goo i i i i encountered i'm gonna grab the light
i'm gonna grab the power so maybe we'll just go straight oh he's just gonna grab the power
okay that's fine if we stay here i'm gonna give him just a second i'm gonna give him just a second
he's gonna grab i've got a bag oh my god i'm gonna kill him it's right there dude okay we can't
go in there it's a dead end there's nothing there i'm gonna go through the emergency exit
i'm gonna grab the power i'm grabbing the power we could just juke this goo
dude no there's no juke in the goo are you fucking crazy i mean you gotta wait a minute
and then you then you dodge the goo there is like downstairs there's shit there's like
shit downstairs yeah we just gotta let it slow like not this not there oh they took it they took
yeah but i have a flashlight it's time to go all right okay let's do it come on oh okay there's
a bracken over there too come on let's go let's go let's go did you notice the little monster staring
at us it did i did underestimate the goo last time i'll admit i slightly underestimated the goo
fee should we be brave and try to get bugs oh i'm getting the fucking i'm getting that 100
percent there were two bees last there's two bees yeah let's get let's get that one i just we should
try thank you to not lose this flashlight no Fiona no watch thank you all right i'm gonna i'll
let's let Ian buy he's got the important item okay i can't run as fast oh yeah can i give
me this flashlight too uh yeah hold on thank you guys and you guys it's all i need all i needed
Fiona i will probably die now uh well do you want me to i will i will distract the bees and run that
way you take this and run back which way which way i'm gonna run the way i'm facing i'm gonna run
that way okay cool so i'll i'll grab it okay all right bees it's just you and me
what no is there not bees yeah there we go what the hell damn it she ran towards the ship
okay we gotta whoever takes whoever gets the bees attention has to run away from the ship
come on feet where are you at um over here so you gotta you come out of from the other angle
i'll run away from the ship where's the ship the ship is that way okay i'm gonna run that way
okay cool okay so but you gotta be in position to steal it so you kind of have to walk around them
oh they're coming for me i'll get their attention bees it's me that you want to eat there we go
okay get it okay coming all right whatever let's just go for it
um there's a yeah there's a thing we could get but there's also a giant now
oh oh i see what's happening it does not want to kill oh no get on the ship get on the ship
everybody hold right here we go we're good
look at that holy shit so many of us are dead
why were the bees in the in the fucking yeah i don't even know how to
wait what what can be that i have no idea i don't know where she is at the what kill
the bees came out to the ship onto the ship now and you don't fucking drown that's what
oh that's good yeah that's why we're leaving the bees at the very end because the bees will follow
you onto the ship that's crazy wow there were two there were two beehives we could have gotten it
i think but we had different ideas of what direction we were going well this is great we got a lot of
stuff here like this is some good stuff we're still below quota right now oh my god no we're way above
oh man i love the squelching sound that's like my favorite thing of the game let's do it then i have
more that's the stop breaking it like every time you break it you can break it it's only 61 now
oh what what that's what i'm saying sometimes 130 oh what maybe they came to cry
this
it seems like it should be worth more for the half of
what's up dude how's it going hello hello found the main entrance it's right here
i'm proud of you i'll get there first i'll do the fire okay
like what's wrong with it i'm gonna try to be a unique little i don't love to be a unique little guy
and die in the dark i do wish there was a third person mode so i could watch me do this
this shitty ladder climbing come on guys my skills are improving check this shit out
easily jumping like it's nothing that's a turret
oh thank you sinister dev i know have the thing that lets me download mods way more easily so
it should be no problem i did download the graphics mod although i don't know if it's on
and i did turn dial some of the settings in
fifi is gone did she drop or did she die i'm fine with her dying but not disconnecting
oh they're dead you hate to see it but you love to sprint around in the dark
okay that didn't sound like a human i got bolts i don't love all these noises
i'd say i love none of the noises i'm gonna just do a little run we're gonna do a little run
if you might add some graphics settings i don't have any of them yet
it's to change the god awful 520p or whatever it's so it should be 1080p now
does it look any better at least the mod is on supposedly and i did set it to 1080
straight ahead you over there follow my voice this way this way this way what's up
ship is straight ahead not warm anymore is that i don't really want it is anybody else want it
the corpse all right we get five bucks for it okay we'll take it looks better okay
yeah where are the giant we're on the back
all that matters is we got beehive
to be have 61 now i thought it was more than that now up for auction on eve
obli mays body former g4tv host your corpse got a corpse extraordinary um
um starting bid six hundred dollars anyone six hundred dollars six hundred dollars
we did the other has rigamortice set in yet rigamortice has not set in yet body is still warm
uh one for six hundred one oh six hundred five
i was you fucking laughed really like but if she was just oh she was so you
i had an item on me and everything oh my god i just laughed
wow oh my god it figures it's the end it figures
look we had the quota um
it's fucked up like now we don't have anyone else wow holy crap absolutely fucked that's crazy
okay here we go we all made it okay we're fine zero days left oh we're selling
really not so yeah we got plenty i feel like we should be fine
did the abandonment on this team is crazy you're so right savvy
it's ordering food everybody i'm tweeting jeena true abandonment live happening at the g
g4 crew you saw that and there's one thing g4 taught us it's every man for himself it's abandonment
we have a man for himself and pay the women have been issued and abandonment issues from war yeah
i'm avoiding because of g14 we have a three-year plan okay three i thought it was five oh sorry we
have a five-year plan okay three-year plan but uh bristan has to have the right to block it's right
right
is this ordering food listening to this is very relaxing did any all hands okay all hands in here
wait all hands to everyone gather in the circle gather in the circle all right all right now hold
up hold jeena jeena will this be covered in the g4 um uh yes the baby covered in the g4 yes
yes let's talk about what happened in packs let's talk about what happened
wait can we talk about uh black history month i didn't think you guys were gonna walk out of the
door i would knock first yeah black history with all of our black creators every single one of our
black creators right every single one wait we're missing what about that did you get the black did
you get the being black at g4 survey yes i did you also think it's not enough black people at
fiona did you get the being black at g4 survey okay i did get the survey i just definitely didn't
fill it out though wait i didn't get that i didn't get the survey i filled it out quite honestly
and then i'm talking to wait fiona did that make you not black in our heart yeah what i refuse to
ask me to yeah do we all agree that there's not enough black people she says i'm french
diversity god damn reason yeah i said i said yeah yeah i was like no i'm not black i'm sorry i can't
sign this i'll say i'm a seventh letter in alphabet can i tell you right you're one job
outside fiona yes yes yes hey um are you buying stuff i wanted to know why she's taking the
shit away damn it do i gotta get it no wow that's harsh we're just that i can't live like this
out damn it my life support is off
executives only executives only a lot on the ship the rest of you got
i swear to god
that was so funny damn that was so funny
cast is watching they're watching look how close these two are yes yes yes
no it's the only white guy in the ship i would like to point out that i am technically
representation for the first time in my life are you just trying to jump to the management
it's i just happened to be qualified
i mean if you look at my eye that's true
oh that is true that is true
wait where are we going
we are going i thought you were buying a fucking flashlight
i bought a shovel perfectly time you were killing me that was perfectly time
oh did we lose our flashlights
this is this is before i dive to write a book about what happened at you or i said
i'm going to i'm also going to write a book i am going to write you were the bias
she sounds like a wild place to work at the wildest of all it's dead
did you guys buy anything it's going to leave the lights off it seems no guys i'm not telling
you guys that that that's deeper lore than i can even tell you
i'm waiting for my shovel to get here oh your shovel oh my god
i shouldn't turn the lights off i don't know how to turn them back on it's coming
okay i'm just gonna pretend i didn't do that
um if jenna starts period for this
great love that what's it's a whole book honestly between everyone's streams you've probably heard
all almost all the tea the only person who could really supply additional hot spicy tea at this point
would probably be kevin who was there at an earlier point than the rest of us i mean in the
in the old you for obviously but in the new one too he was one of the first people they signed
them hot juicy tea really nice shovel thank you for uh taking the initiative to actually buy
useful thing yeah quack oh no hard to jump you can do it we believe in you oh there you go
oh this is a little gift i would put it outside
gift for the monsters out there oh if they're talking about g4 they're guaranteed to die unfortunately
if that company taught us anything oh my gosh there's so much stuff in here so much stuff
where are you guys uh we're in the basement in the basement there's like a lot of stuff
oh shit there's more gifts yeah gifts okay so we got a v-type engine oh if you open the gift
box there's an item inside yes yeah all we may as well open in the ship though because i think it's
lighter that way so hats just got the hey the fire escape i was going to drop these at the front
no no it's a front look at this pile of success is that a whisk yeah that's a whisk the it's a high
value item don't think about what the company needs just supply it seems like a scary part of the
building i'm never gonna get a job again this part of the building is broken fiona
this is scary cuz of fiona singing
oh trying to jump off there trying to juke the spider
i hit him like twice i need to hit him a third time for him to die
get his ass get his ass oh shit obli how'd you die
is it dead oh it is look at riri go
alive alive it's alive here okay what do you know where uh not really razz it didn't go well for me
it wasn't my although i did find in my defense a lot of stuff
oh fuck i'm far well so i went out oh my god what the fuck i told you the
fucking bridge collapsed oh my god there's still people in here
me take one of these items okay giving fiona the thing is never a safe choice
take it okay can i open this too heavy oh my god
yeah i'm cheating on razz oh there's obli what they find your corpse obli oh no
look at it just look at it just look at it you're good don't look at it for more than four
seconds though wait i'm looking at you why are you telling me oh she looked at it for you looked
at her too long oh really i look away that's such bullshit uh razz really needs to live
you really need to go all i needed was for razz to just take the hit
oh no i went away from him and ran away and looked back and he still got me that's
razz grab that stuff that's so much stuff razz is going for your body no he's not okay
okay fortunately there's seven of us
well that dude was behind you think your gina case and obli are dead razz is not dead so let me just
let me look at razz's wait wait wait the only thing that razz is dead razz is dead okay she figured it
out there everyone's and i want to start the shit what the fuck okay okay i was gonna say all the
what the hell
i was just looking behind me and seeing you bloody with the shovel and a dead body
That's a hate crime.
Okay.
That's a fucking hate crime.
I've never gone against her.
Read me forever.
Ian has a stop sign now.
Read me forever.
Clearly we have to arm ourselves around here.
Dork Knight just taking for the follow.
We're off to a roaring start today.
We're going to say strapped.
Oh my god.
Fiona knows about saying strapped.
I do, Oveline.
Oveline has presultated it.
I remember Oveline was very curious about that.
Wait a minute, why is it so dark?
It's time to do my usual thing.
I try to be a beautiful and unique snowflake.
And go straight to the fire escape.
Where Raz might also go.
I can't remember where it is here.
This is a pretty spicy team.
That is accurate propaganda.
I know, I think that was true.
We're high off the spice.
That's what I knew.
Oveline's been down ass bitch.
I've been down ass bitch.
I already got shit.
If I said that, hey Oveline,
I'm super into crack cocaine right now.
This is why.
Right?
Where else would it be?
Oh, it's over here.
Is this where you jump on the...
Okay, I've gotten a little lost.
I've gotten a little lost when I'm being totally useless.
Yeah, I think they're talking about cocaine.
And I don't talk about it.
I be about it.
Well, let's just go to the game door.
Let's give up.
They probably were talking about strap-ons.
I'd say Fiona's more likely to talk about strap-ons than cocaine.
Though there's a possibility of both.
Alright, I'm coming in as a reserve unit.
Oh wow, look at that.
Another time about clubbing baby animals.
Alright, that's probably not good.
Did anyone die?
No, I don't think so.
Gina?
I'm here. Wow, I like how you didn't even just...
Oh!
Hello, hello, turret, look at me, look at me.
Hello, hello, hello.
Well, what do you want to do? Where are we trying to go?
Well, I think maybe we just cut our losses here.
Because we can't deactivate it yet, we don't have a lock key.
Well, where is it? You can sprint by him pretty easily.
Okay, so...
Yeah, but then you can't sprint by with this stuff if you get anything.
Oh my God, that's a headhugger. Good luck.
Alright, we should cut our losses and just leave. Let's leave.
All I heard was cut.
Wait, wait, wait, where's Obelisk?
She needs the...
She got hit by a headhugger.
Where are you? Where are you?
That's the turret. She might pass the turret.
All I heard was in the cut.
She ran past the turret, so it's going to be hard to get her.
I don't even see Obelisk corpse.
Oh, fucking kill, there.
What's up, turret?
Help! Where am I?
Yo, yo, yo, run.
It's too late, she's dead.
She's dead, okay, well, time to just, like, fuck him.
You know?
Flashlight would be nice.
Oh, I can see this way.
Oh, I can see this way.
Flashlight would be nice.
Oh, I can see this way.
Alright.
Um, hello.
I got a bomb.
Yeah, we're good.
We should be out.
We're not.
Oh, he got me anyway.
Maybe if I stand...
The turret just went off again.
That was the turret going off again.
Should we not look for more stuff?
Now, let's bail. I've got Gina's buff.
Oh, we have so much shit.
Honestly, if I just had a flash...
So there's a shortcut here.
If you go to the right, to the right, to the right.
We'll get back to you real quick.
Can you get one of these engines?
Oh, yeah, wait.
I did get caught in the cut.
I was too deep in the cut.
Perfect, we're good now.
We have a few victims, sadly.
Hard right, hard right.
Keep coming this way.
Yeah, just hug the...
Just hug the...
Yeah, just hug the map.
Yeah, we're good.
Short cut.
This is the only one where a team all Blacks are not...
What is he gonna say?
We're defying order conventions.
Is that what they're called?
Is that what they're called?
A live quarrel, just to get by.
Oh my God, wait a second.
Usually we're supposed to die, and here we are.
Alive and well.
Go woke, get rich.
Let's go, let's go, let's go.
The all Blacks team are alive.
How the fuck can we get up?
Let's get up.
We got it.
I'm sure we 100%.
Definitely did.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Aveli's dead.
Keena's in the body.
Keena's in the body.
I can't get up from this.
Oh, there we go.
I did it.
There we go.
I'm taking off. Everybody in.
Wow, this is the what?
Third round?
All Blacks...
All Blacks are alive?
The New Zealand national team.
That's amazing.
Awesome.
Oh my God.
They say we die first.
This is the most black people on Twitch ever.
You know what?
Actually Black Power.
I don't know what to say.
Black Power.
Achievement of America.
I'm trying to get like you guys.
Oh my God.
Honestly, if Casim was here.
Considered.
You would be like, yeah.
I claim this corner of the ship for the white man.
Casim left.
Egypt counts, right?
No.
Egypt doesn't count.
What?
Charlie's around.
If you're being genuine, I'll tell you no.
Yeah, I don't know what you walked in on yourself.
Are we selling?
It's a heavily racialized victory.
I'd just like to point out as the only white male player.
I'm shutting up and I'm listening.
I'm kind of fucking killing it.
Not that I need any applause or anything.
Oh, I know.
I'm fucking killing it.
As long as you're not singing Elmo's song, you're good.
No, yeah.
Actually, that was the reason I died.
Someone, God, wanted me dead for singing that.
Did Jordan feel right the last episode?
Because all the black people survived.
What?
That's what I'm saying.
What?
It's not really supposed to happen,
but it did.
That's cool.
Do we think?
Yeah.
How quickly can I find death?
In the dark here?
Nothing.
What the fuck is Gina talking about?
I'm just hearing N-word in the distance.
Oh, I forgot about that one.
What?
I need to sprint away from group chat before I get banned.
Let's run away from that conversation
before we all hear it.
If we hear it, it's not happening.
There's a turret behind you.
Oh, wow. It's pointed right at us.
Oh, I see it.
It's pointed away from us.
Wait, can someone shine a light here?
I don't have a light,
but just spam your thing.
So the bar is on your side?
The bar is on your side.
Wait, spam what then?
Don't write that.
Shouldn't the gun be pointed this way?
Is there anything here?
Oh, it's right there.
There's a turret right here.
Oh, and there's a bunch of smoke next to it.
Yeah, it's not worth it if there's steam, too.
Doesn't steam good?
No.
Not at all.
Okay, now.
Oh, a door.
Oh, shit.
And nothing.
Like a limited reward tier Patreon, guys.
Absolutely.
Oh, I hear a monster noise.
Listen.
If my Patreon
raises $2 million,
I'll fucking release a book.
It's actually pointed in the opposite direction.
We could probably just sprint by it.
Yeah, I'm thinking about it.
But then, is there anything even in the smoke
or is it just a wall?
I guess there must be something, right?
I'm gonna try it.
I'll try to get its attention after you.
I wonder if hiding in the steam
hides me from the turret.
It might.
If you sprint past it, I'll sprint in front of it
and then sprint backwards.
Oh, it worked.
It worked.
Did you find anything?
More turret, sadly.
No!
I don't know if Raz is dead or what.
There's the exit.
Fresh air.
Just hearing the ghost of G4
in the distance.
Remember the time that Wilnet
got his car?
He played B-Cop.
Yeah, yeah, you're right.
And they thought he still played B-Cop.
Yeah.
And then, I want...
I want Case.
Who's playing Case?
Ryan Reynolds.
Oh, perfect.
No, Ryan Reynolds is Kevin.
Yeah, that worked.
I think that works.
And then, for Case,
one of the guys from Stepbrothers,
what was his name?
Well, Will Ferrell was the other guy.
I want Will Ferrell to play Case.
Oh, nice.
I'll take this.
I was trying to think of a really old actor.
Oh, Joe Rogan.
This is the first serious actor
I'm chatting to.
Yeah, either that guy
or what's the guys that... Jeff Colbo.
Oh, my God, Shane.
Why is that?
What the hell was that?
Someone burnt.
Hello?
I came back
with all this shit.
I was scared to death.
What?
Did you run into the Bracken thing?
Let's just go, I guess.
Damn.
You've seen things, Raz.
Avagoda.
That's who I was trying to think of for propaganda.
You nailed it.
I want to be Avagoda.
Is Avagoda still alive?
No.
We really need flashlights.
We badly need flashlights.
Because my settings are fucked.
Is this when the monster comes around?
Yeah, Timothy Chalamet has me for sure.
100%.
Timothy Chalamet does look like he pegs people.
I can see that.
I think he puts in vampire teeth
than he pegs people.
I'm going to buy more flashlights.
And he gets sweatier than you'd think.
But it's glistening.
Oh, no, we only have a balance of two.
What?
Yeah.
Oh, shit monster.
Oh, no.
We're safe in here.
Is everyone else dead?
I'm here, I'm here.
Open the fucking door.
Oh my god.
He's in the back door.
Fucking send it, dude.
The monster's there.
Ian and Avagoda are still alive.
Ian and Avagoda are still alive.
They have items.
Hey Fiona, hear me out.
Yeah, Harry Cruz plays my role.
You know what, I can see it.
Yeah, right?
We have the same structure.
I hear the giant.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
The giant can see what he can hear.
So we're good, we're good.
Oh, he can hear.
I see skin tone probably.
Yeah, very similar.
That's very close.
I think that's probably the best one.
The best one.
What are you doing here?
Why are you coming out there?
I want to see it.
The monster's out there.
Be careful.
Avaly is coming.
Oh shit, he's right there.
He's right there.
He can't see us.
He's right in front of Avaly.
Oh my god.
I see him.
Wait, there looks like a blind dog.
He can hear, but he can't see.
Everyone make noise.
Everybody make noise.
Avaly's right there.
Avaly, Avaly, Avaly.
Avaly, Avaly, Avaly.
Avaly, Avaly, Avaly.
Oh god.
Avaly, Avaly, Avaly.
Avaly, Avaly, Avaly.
Avaly, Avaly, Avaly.
Guys, pick up.
Pick up, pick up, pick up.
No, no, no.
Uh oh.
What's up, homie?
I don't know.
I lived.
He lived.
Avaly's alive.
Avaly's alive.
She's getting killed.
I'll tell Gina as soon as.
She got killed.
It's alright, I made it, don't worry.
That was like traumatizing to watch.
I got killed.
Flappy bat things.
What, they killed?
What?
The bird thing, not the giant, the bird.
I didn't know they had it.
The bird? What?
It started attacking me. I was like, what the fuck?
What? They never attacked me before.
That's crazy.
Something different has happened.
Who would play Avaly? Kelly who?
What?
Lucy Lu.
We're doing a G4 documentary.
Avaly, Lucy Lu would play you.
What the fuck?
I want to be played by Olivia Munn.
Olivia Munn, okay.
Keegan Michael Key is Ian.
Sorry, I think I have a quote to call it the food.
Keegan Michael Key is Ian.
Ian, yep.
Wow.
I think it's a good one.
Who's the hot?
Wait, wait, you know who's playing Gina though, right?
Terry Crews.
Terry Crews, 100% thank you.
I'm the only one, I thought I was the only one
that called that, but yes, you're right, you're right.
Terry Crews play me.
Who's that one really hot?
A really hot guitarist, Rockstar,
his daughter?
Oh, Zoe Kravitz.
Zoe Kravitz play Rewi.
Zoe Kravitz play Rewi.
I want to be played
by Timothy Chalamet.
Hello.
Yeah, we all both think it's fine.
Zoe Kravitz is Rewi.
She's hot.
Yeah.
Timothy Chalamet is Fiona.
Head's up.
Yeah.
But specifically his Wonka character.
We have enough money.
I don't think they can hear me.
Dude, I think it's enough.
Can you guys hear me?
Fiona should be played
by Kristen Stewart.
I don't think so.
Do you think they can hear me?
Who can hear you?
Oh, this is Kendall.
Casey's B.R. Bean
right now, really quick.
He's pooping.
No, he's grabbing food.
He's grabbing food, but it should only be
like five minutes.
Okay, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait,
wait, before we buy anything,
before we buy anything, let's see how much money we have.
Before we buy anything, I will slap you
with the stuff.
All I want is a walkie-talkie
and a flashlight, pro flashlight, please.
That's funny.
Oh, no, not enough for flashlights?
No, I wanted to get us to the next
move.
Oh, no, let's not get to that other
walkie-talkie.
We have to do the mansion.
Watch your walkie-talkies,
and I can walk you through the mansion.
What, mansion?
Oh, my God, you only have to go to the mansion.
Oh, is it the one with the jack in the box?
You gotta go to the mansion.
Jack in the box.
That's scary.
Yeah, but it's worth it.
That one's scary.
That one scares me.
Um, have you tried not being such a pushy?
Uh, uh,
Ovely,
take that back.
Uh, no, you are what you eat.
You are what you eat.
Wow.
You know what?
Roll out.
Whatever.
Wow.
Flashlights up there.
Flashlights.
I see one flashlight.
Did you grab the other?
Oh, there's the other one.
Have you guys been down here?
It's in there.
It's just like a long hallway.
Yeah.
Have you been down there?
It's just a long hallway.
In here.
You can die down there.
Don't take our shit with you, please.
Oh.
We're getting yelled at.
You can go down there.
Just don't freak us out.
We lose it.
Eat your goddamn vegetables.
You want this?
Don't talk to your mother that way.
Do we have everyone?
I think so.
Do we have Fiona?
Actually, where is Fiona?
Does Fiona have any flashlights?
We don't have any flashlights.
She died.
That's why I said don't bring that shit down there.
We lost a flashlight.
We lost a flashlight down there.
I think she did have a flashlight.
Anything she had with her is gone now.
Did she go down there with us?
I don't think so.
Okay.
I thought we were going to sell the horn.
Why?
I thought we were going to sell the horn.
By the way, I didn't have any items.
Okay.
I thought Avaly would have noticed
that I actually went to kill myself.
She didn't even get it.
That's usually what happens.
Avaly was so mean to me
and then I went to get eaten by the monster
and she did not even notice.
Hey, before we take off.
Did we already land?
No, we haven't landed.
Avaly does not care about her friends.
All hands meeting over here.
It depends.
Are you going to say get me banned?
No, you're good.
All hands meeting.
Who the hell is not paying attention?
I would like you guys
to take a look over here.
We have company merchandise
with our label on our brand on it.
As crew and staff members,
none of you are allowed to have
any of these items.
None of you, including our decanter.
None of you are allowed to have
any of these.
But however, you guys,
I want you to still market it.
But as cast and in front of the camera
at all times, you are not allowed
to have any of these.
What about the backpack?
No, only especially the backpack.
No, backpacks for the marketing team
only.
It's true. It's for the marketing team
only.
It's only for the marketing team.
Don't touch this.
She is going to get us all sued by Comcast.
She is going to get us all sued
by Comcast.
She is going to get us all sued by
Comcast.
I'm never going to get a job.
I'm never going to get a job.
I'm never going to get a job
after this.
What is that over there?
Anyone want to go to the fire
escape with me?
I can come.
Yeah, will you not be mean?
No.
I'll go first in every door.
You know what?
I don't have a flashlight.
Me neither.
We can just keep going.
Imagine we just keep going.
There must be some shit in here.
I'm seeing nothing actually.
I'm at the fire exit.
There is nothing.
Nothing here?
This is a waste.
That's fucking poo poo.
Here, let's go through here.
There is some problems.
I'm laying.
Oh my god.
I think there is a stalker guys.
Where?
I see it.
It's eyes.
It just took someone.
I don't know who it took.
It just took someone.
Where?
I don't see shit.
Pick that stuff up.
Let's bail.
Why would we bail?
Who was that?
It's over.
It's eyes are gone.
That's a dead end.
This way?
Strength in numbers.
This way?
Should I go up?
No, just kidding right here.
Let's go up.
Let's go.
I don't believe I'm a black.
I've lost a dead end.
And then the fire exit took you guys to right there.
So it's like what the fuck is this shit?
Fire exit sucks.
Dude, why are we doing nothing in there?
Are we fucking doing that?
Dude, are we just fucking that?
There's nothing in there.
Are we fucking doing that?
Dude, are we just fucking that?
Dude, are we just fucking that?
Dude, are we just fucking that?
Dude, what is this place?
There's up here.
Is there nothing here?
We checked.
It's a dead end.
Hey, Addo, I'm glad you're still alive though.
Head bug.
Which way?
Head bug so shovels ready.
Yeah, I got it.
What did we do?
Did we hit him?
Once when we looked at him, he moved away.
Yeah, you just can't look at him for too long. He'll come grab you
Does anybody have a walkie down here?
I have one now. I have one now.
You have one, right?
Yeah, I'm gonna go back to the ship because I have the walkie. Anybody else?
Okay.
Okay.
I'll see if I can open doors and shit.
There's something.
Oh, stalker again.
Are we all leaving?
Does everyone believe me now it's really only one across at a time?
I thought
That's collapsed last time.
Yeah.
Is this a big mushroom?
It kind of looks like it.
Oh, it's probably Gina that died. Yep.
That sounds right.
I don't remember seeing Gina.
We were trying to look for one.
Yeah.
I'll be close enough at least.
Is everyone dead?
No, I am not there.
You just can't find any shit.
There is no shit.
Let me hit the, well, we, we didn't
Who's dead?
11 objects.
Where?
I think everyone's alive.
I sort of got it. It took someone.
Is that my imagination?
No, at least two people died.
We just go picked up their stuff.
Okay, case is back. Goodbye.
I love everyone.
Oh, was that
It was a tree.
That fucking scary way.
Yes, we got 162 worth of stuff.
So we're not totally fucked.
Well, how many more days do we have?
Two more days.
Guys, I'm going to make a questionable decision.
Hey, so there's a bracket in there?
Yeah.
Just, you know.
Don't worry, we picked up your stuff.
I say I want to get choked out.
It's not from that guy.
From the bracket. I thought that was your type.
I thought so too, but not that one specifically.
I yelled my safe word.
Nothing.
What are you going to do?
Okay, actually
So everything
is a weather
thingy.
Like a low level planet.
Who wants to just send it?
Who wants to send it?
What kind of weather? What are we talking about?
We're talking stormy.
We're talking flooded.
I feel like we can do stormy, right?
Yeah.
It's stormy to one where it drives the thunder.
Yeah.
We're talking heavy metal.
If you have metal, drop it when you get a warning.
Yeah, we can rock that.
But someone gets you struck by lightning.
Okay, you know what?
Someone I know.
You walk over metal objects.
You dropped it right in front of me.
You got the warning said oh shit and dropped it right in front of me.
You don't get that one every time you're walking.
I was just going to take us.
I thought it was bloody.
Should I leave one walkie here?
I'm going to leave one walkie in the ship.
I'll walk you.
Just leave all the good stuff.
I'll guide you guys through.
I'm here.
They're cool.
This is another walkie.
We can't take walkies with us, right?
Take one.
Take one.
I think walkies and flashlights are fine.
Let's see if I can do this.
Ready? Let's go.
You guys coming? Stay together.
Keep going.
This way. This way.
Follow my voice. This way.
This way. This way. Over here.
Try not to get electrocuted challenge.
Uh-oh.
I think we lost Ray Ray.
Oh shit.
Wait, is that R Kelly?
Damn, somebody out here fast.
It was awesome.
You worked it wrong.
I believe I can do it.
With a little bump and grime.
B.
B tap.
Carrying heavy loads.
Nice. Heavy loads.
I think it's clear in here.
Oh yeah, thank you.
It's Raz over.
Hello, Raz.
What is that?
What is that?
90s commercials are coming out.
That means this place is breaking us.
Oh, turret, turret, turret.
That thing was right on your head.
Is there anything with the turret?
Some good stuff.
We're kind of monster.
There's a turret.
Shut up, shut up.
In this hallway right here, there's a turret.
Guys, it's a spring head.
There's a turret.
Stop, stop. Come here.
Don't die.
Case is looking at it.
Case is looking at it so it's not moving.
You come this way.
That hallway right there has a turret.
So if you go diagonally towards where my light is pointed,
you'll be fine.
Oddly.
Turret, turret, turret.
Careful.
That's what I'm looking at.
Case is looking at it.
It's all right.
Shut up, shut up, shut up, shut up.
Okay, case, back up.
Back up to me. I'm looking at it.
Okay.
Just one.
Whoever just turned and looked away at the noise,
you can't do that.
We have to keep one set of eyes on it,
otherwise it moves.
Run to the right
across the turret.
Go, go, go, go.
Both of you.
Are you gone?
He's gone, he's gone, he's gone.
You can run.
Okay, go, go, go, go.
Okay, are you up the stairs?
We're right at the door.
Yeah, I mean, let's get the fuck out.
Okay, we're good, we're good.
Are we just leaving, leaving?
Because I could just stare at this thing while people explore.
Case, where are you?
I'm right at the door but I have eyes on it.
Is that the way out?
Yeah.
Yeah, just look around.
I mean, technically you could go back into that maze,
although that other thing might kill you.
These two monsters, yeah, that's a problem.
Probably is apparently dead outside.
Outside?
So we haven't turned in anything, right?
I don't think so.
Do either of you guys have anything?
Oh my God, what's happening? I can't move.
No, I have nothing.
What the hell, look at it.
Maybe she got electrocuted, she was running out with a bottle.
Yeah, she might have got hit by lightning.
I think we should go out the front door.
Alright.
Is anybody else seeing this thing move?
Yeah.
What the hell was that?
Well, I let it run to the door for fun.
Okay.
Oh, she died here.
We can't pick it up.
Damn it!
Wait a minute.
Did you see it?
I did not know that that was a mechanic.
Yeah, Razz was like, you can't pick it up.
Yeah.
Oh, God!
Wait, how do you return with that stuff though?
You get electrocuted immediately.
Okay, Razz is carrying the body.
How many times you've had the chance to fuck me
and you have not, there's a list right here.
Why do you guys go pick up the body?
Jesus!
Are they just arguing?
Yeah, I am.
Oh my God, it's on.
My chance maybe I can change.
It's called a screen meeting.
Okay, if I go back there.
You're safe, you're safe.
Wait, who ordered this?
Oh, please, dead.
What did people buy?
This is my shirt.
Dude, what is going on?
Razz bought a flashlight.
Why are they buying a flashlight?
Oh, they bought a small flashlight.
Oh, smart.
Open it, open it.
It might, it honestly might.
I'll check on it and see what happens.
Just vote.
No, don't abandon Rhee.
He's giving a flashlight.
Avaly's dead?
Oh my gosh.
I think she died.
He's going back to the stop.
Oh, that's good, that's good.
Oh, wait, then scroll down.
Why do we come to this dead place?
Oh, man.
The subs.
Okay, first of all.
Dead bodies do remind me of Puffy Bear Chaka.
Exterminator, thank you for, uh,
gifting a sub to Donald Trump.
He's just running around still.
Oh, wait, wait, wait.
Razz is going.
He is on a mission.
Oh, is he going to grab the
medal? No, no, no.
She's grabbed the flashlight.
Look, he's looking up.
I got you, Razz.
Razz is playing the game.
Write the pattern.
Get the flashlight.
That's my Esports baby.
Get him, baby.
There's no way he's going to get that.
No, get the flashlight.
No way.
He's taking the long way.
Why, Razz?
Why?
He's being sneaky, though.
Wait, I believe.
I believe.
Except he's going to get lost.
No, he's there. He sees it.
Right, Avaly's still.
Avaly's dead, Avaly's dead.
MVP Razz?
Oh, my God. MVP Razz?
MVP Razz?
What?
She's moving on.
Unless the monster's carrying her.
Unless the monster's carrying her?
Let's fucking go.
Let's go.
You can probably see right now.
Unless the monster's still alive.
There's like 10 of him that's alive.
I wish he grabbed the flashlight.
Everyone else is dead.
Okay, I think we should send it.
Yeah, let's send it.
They'll die, I think, over the flashlight, though.
I want to wait for a vote to our crew, our guest group.
If I get a vote for them, then I'll send it.
I can go back with one mic for one more item.
Who knew you could tiptoe to a guy with it?
Oh, my gosh.
Oh, my God, you're doing it?
No, Razz is kind of scary. Yeah, they sent it.
They sent it. All right, let's go.
Yeah, okay, let's go.
Truly MVP.
All right, guys, this photo is not looking too good, Razz.
No.
We're good, we're fine, we'll be okay.
I think we have one more day left.
I don't know.
We need a fatty.
We need a fatty.
Hey, guys.
We need a fucking fatty.
A fat boy.
Dude, we need a fucking fatty.
We're actually pretty close.
We're at 293.
Okay.
I'm taking us to March.
And we need 388.
If people don't bring back at least three objects each,
you're being blasted off into space.
Okay, but here's the thing.
We only need 100 total.
We only need a total.
Oh, we only need 100?
No, fucking easy.
Okay, there are 21 objects worth 2K.
Oh, be nice.
Get it last, get it last.
Don't fuck us like last time, get it last.
How much money do we have?
Oh.
Alright, I got a soft slide.
My favorite move.
I guess I could just help them.
Anybody on walkies?
Did I order this, right?
A double beehive.
The illustrious double beehive.
What was that?
Was that you?
Yeah.
Okay, I was worried that someone bought something and forgot.
Now I grabbed a flashlight.
Sick.
Ooh, that's smart, Skyrim.
Combine the beehives and let them battle.
That's alchemy.
Oh, okay.
Look at this empty fucking room.
I got it.
Dude, where?
Where?
That's what I thought.
Okay, landmine.
Oh, cute.
Oh, cute.
Fiona, that's for you to conquer, I think.
Conquer your fear.
I don't think so.
Alright, if I die though, you have to grab this flashlight.
Oh my god, I literally almost jumped over it.
You literally stepped on it.
I fucking bonked my head.
So wait, what are you doing now?
Gonna, there we go.
There's nothing in there.
There should be ostracized.
This looks like a nice monster hall.
Oh yeah, for sure.
There's actually no light whatsoever.
It's pretty cool.
Do you know where we are?
If we go straight behind us,
I think that's the direction of the exit.
There's a door.
Should we check the door?
Yes.
There's a door. I can't see because I don't have a...
Oh, fog.
Maybe we should jump for it.
Another door.
Key.
There's so many doors.
Oh, there's a fire exit.
Where?
It's over this jump.
Oh cool.
There's definitely a machine gun somewhere.
Nothing here.
Dead end.
Oh, dead end, okay.
Okay, well, there's nothing.
I got just a fucking key.
I mean, we could jump for this door.
That's an easy jump, actually.
Oh, there's a turret in there.
There must be stuff in there.
It's not pointed at...
It's not pointed at the door.
Oops, sorry.
Oh my God!
I think... oh, there's an apparatus here.
We should grab it.
Yeah, I guess we should grab it and go out the fire exit.
The turret is on.
Do you have a walkie-talkie?
I don't.
I'll go behind the turret, though.
Oh, there's a door down here, too.
Wow, there's doors all over this room.
Got it.
You're good.
Let's get out.
Did you find anything?
You go out the fire exit and try to...
Try to make it back fee.
I'll see if there's anything else.
Okay.
Do you have any idea where to go?
No. Yes, I do.
I think.
Because I always get lost from here.
This is the hard one, right?
Actually, I don't know where I'm going.
Well, we'll try to get it together then.
Yeah, because...
This do be different.
It hits different.
Dude, this do be different.
Can we go up here? Oh, we can.
I don't think so.
Where the fuck are we?
Here, I'll go up and see if I can figure out where we are.
Okay, I can't get up there.
Can we just walk?
That's what I always think.
And then I die.
What? That's what I always think.
And then it's like six o'clock and I die.
Okay, that's fair.
Oh, you can easily get...
Oh, somebody died over here.
Watch out, there's bees.
And they're piss off.
They tried to get the...
Oh, there's the ship, I think.
I know that ship.
Oh, there's the ship.
No, it is there.
Are they coming for me?
No, you're good.
I'm gonna head back and see if I can find anything in that room.
Okay.
Oh my God.
These are the most aggressive bees.
What the hell?
They're still coming for me?
I'm dead.
There's a basic chasing case.
Damn it, I had a flashlight.
There's a monster and bees outside.
Oh, shit.
Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, I'll be...
Man, they might just need to leave.
Okay, Ian's got it.
What?
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
I closed the door.
Everyone else dead?
We made it.
Everyone's dead.
Yeah, fuck yeah.
Everyone's alive.
We're all just dead.
What's the beehive?
It's for money.
And the apparatus, too.
We gave it.
Now we can get before the boom box.
Okay, okay, now this is what we do.
Are we gonna do the mansion?
No one buys shit, so we have enough money to go to the mansion.
Well, we do need flashlights.
What did I do, Ian?
Ian's a bee.
The bee's a karma agonist.
MVP, MVP.
That's what I do, guys.
Oh, yeah, they were agonist.
They were agonist.
They're crazy.
Oh, we got a lot.
What are you eating?
I'm trying to find some white noodles,
some last white.
Ooh, that sounds good.
I'll let you guys sell all of that.
What is that squishing?
Yeah, that was squishy.
Every time I go get my nails
and my toes done, they look at me and say,
oh, you have princess feet.
You have no calisthenics.
No, I'm not sure I do any male-leaver at all.
You think your toes suck?
Yeah, yeah.
I dated a guy who once said,
my mom wouldn't like me because you have princess feet.
I'm like, I'm sorry, bitch.
Do we still work in the fields?
That's a wild thing to say to someone.
Why?
Right? I'm like,
does your mom want to suck your toes?
She wants you to work in the fields.
Like, it's 2020 fucking 20.
2019.
Fuck on.
What year is it?
I think we're good right off of that.
I don't know about that.
Let's see.
Stop signs.
I'm like, yeah.
I'm not hearing the screaming.
I'm 100.
I'm going to get us a couple flashlights.
Okay?
We need a lot of money.
Daddy.
Everyone shut the fuck up.
How many walkie-talkies
have left?
Shut the fuck up and also answer my question.
Okay, what was your question?
No, that's what you asked.
Don't talk to me
when I ask you a question.
Go get the fucking shit
that I bought.
Go get the fucking shit that I bought.
There's walkies coming.
Go get them.
Oh my god, he's sweaty.
Thank you, daddy. I love you.
I'm going to...
I'm just a horror person.
I'll believe daddy.
I already got a flashlight.
This is a better flashlight though.
Guys, I just flipped through the hatch.
That was a pro strat.
In what universe
Daddy, I love it.
Be careful down there.
Okay, can we get everything?
We want one walkie.
Nice.
I don't see a walkie here.
I love you so much.
I could have docked that.
What do you mean docked what?
My penis?
Do we have everyone?
As long as I have one walkie
and another walkie.
I don't know where it is.
Who has the walkies?
Who has the walkies?
The walkies are in the case right there.
Okay, I got one.
I'm going to grab the other.
Okay, is everyone on the ship?
No, the case is not on the ship.
Everyone's on the ship.
The case is dead.
The case is dead.
The case is dead.
The case is dead.
The case is dead.
Don't worry, Chad.
You're on your rhythm.
I'm a powerful replacement.
Stevie loves you just gave me five subs.
Congrats.
That's fucking Stevie.
That's fucking Stevie.
That's fucking Stevie.
I'll show you my butthole, Stevie.
Hey, Stevie.
That's fucking Stevie.
That's fucking Stevie.
I don't think it's white gill.
Brownish pink maybe?
What, your butthole?
What?
It's brown, come on.
I'm Asian, so there's a little bit of pink in there.
What's penis docking?
Oh my god, I just learned about that.
So when one man has a foreskin...
Casey, I'm kissing you.
Can I know what is that?
Okay, go ahead.
When two penises like each other a lot,
sometimes they want to give each other a kiss.
Have you heard of foreskin?
Have you heard of foreskin?
Um, yes.
It's when they push their penis together.
Oh, Stevie loves you spreading the love.
Thank you so much.
In honor of docking.
They push their penis tips together
and they wrap their foreskins around each other
like a scarf.
Fun fact.
I would take more like a chair.
Plus enough.
I've never done this map before.
I don't know if they can get any air
but of course it's around each other.
We have it?
It's playing League of Legends.
That's bad. Is that hard?
Yeah, this place is pretty bad.
Wait, do we climb the staircase?
Wait, wait, wait. Stay together.
No, no, no. We have to follow the light.
Wait, do we climb the staircase?
Everyone stay together.
We do climb the staircase, I think.
Hold on.
There's two in here.
I'm on a walkie.
All right, you know what?
Hello?
Hello?
Hello.
Oh, where are we?
What's this?
Hello?
Oh, look at all this construction.
Wait, where are we?
Come on, guys. Stop the staircase.
Great. I don't remember there being stairs here.
Yes, you know.
What is this?
Well, we took a detour
up to here.
I don't know. Why is this taking us to the top?
Hey, right here. Turn around. Turn around.
Who the fuck ran off that way in the wrong direction?
Me? I found the fire exit.
Ooh, cool.
We're going in an entrance.
I'll go in with everybody, though.
Let's see if they need so much for the gift of stuff.
Peace.
Oh, also with that.
Happy day, man. Thank you for the read.
I'm going to go back.
My inventory is already full.
Don't take that out.
I guess we can take it out.
Hold on one second. I'm going to tuck the jean on the radio.
Okay, so one of the items
will turn off the power for everybody.
I've been here a while.
Honestly, I wouldn't do it.
Copy that. We'll come and pick it up.
We can jump.
Yeah, dude. Let's fucking go.
Fucking do it.
I'm already lost.
How do we get out of here?
There's the exit.
Dead end.
You can make it back here.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Oh, fuck.
I might have abandoned Riri there just a little bit.
Grab that stuff.
Okay.
We heading down?
Yeah.
Okay.
I can't use the ladder. My hands are full.
Oh, hey, guys.
You guys hear that screaming randomly?
Yes.
Really? Is that you?
Yeah, she's going to walkie.
Oh, my God. I couldn't help you this whole time.
Okay.
There's a lot of screaming.
There's a fire exit.
I think some of it.
I think it's worth going back for the fire exit.
Yeah.
Can we see?
Come on, come on.
Oh, I hear.
That shit was big.
Hey, where is she?
Did she die?
Do you understand?
All right, I'm going to the fire exit.
Get out, get out.
There's one more item down there if you want it.
There's one more item down there if you want it.
Where is it?
It's downstairs.
All right.
There's nothing.
Let's at least check outside and see.
If anybody's still up here.
All right, I'm guessing there's waiting on me then.
What happened there?
Ovely, where was the item you told me about?
Oh, man.
Holy shit.
Sorry, that was a celebratory smack.
I was trying to grab your ass.
I'm so sorry.
Oh, my God.
That was fucking terrifying, but we did it.
That was a really good run.
That was a really good run.
Guys, I found so much stuff.
Like a ridiculous amount.
Wow.
We were in a fucking movie.
Yes.
We literally were in a script.
That shit was not real.
That shit was not real.
Bro, we were dumb and dumber, truly.
So, like, I feel like
Gina should continue staying in here.
So we have at least
I know you're fucking good at this.
Don't take us to a different moon.
Don't take us to a different moon.
I'm good.
We're just going to keep running this one.
Make sure you charge your shit.
Everyone charge your stuff.
And just as a reminder.
Hold up, just as a reminder.
Those dogs cannot see
but they can hear.
So when you see a dog
don't fucking scream, otherwise it's going to run for you.
Also, what I did on the stairs
Turn off your walkie also.
Yes, turn off the walkie too.
When you're on the stairs, if the dog is on the stairs
you can jump to the stairs below you
or you might survive the jump
from the mid-level stairs.
Okay.
There's those big motherfuckers
they can see but they cannot hear at all.
The ones outside.
I don't think giants are on this map, are they?
Well, I don't know.
Who has walkie-talkies?
I know how to communicate with you.
I do.
We and Ian. Okay, got it.
Okay, my babies, you ready?
Let's do it.
All right.
Let's
do it.
All right, everybody be sure to
my whole thing.
We have about 400 already, so we're okay.
Come over here.
All right.
Cases, holes.
Love you, girl.
Have fun, everybody.
Okay, let's go.
Okay, it's foggy.
It's foggy, but just remember
it's foggy, but just remember it's right in front of you.
It's foggy.
Well, is it the same layout as last time? Oh, it is.
Yeah, it's the same exact layout.
Oh, no.
I can't see.
Oh, it is not going to make it fun going back down.
I definitely...
I'm going to jump.
I'm jumping onto this ship.
You used to be able to do that.
Fall damage wouldn't kill you, but now apparently it does.
Yeah, you can fall on that.
All right, you ready?
Yeah, sure.
I may as well start with the fire exit.
Going dark.
Okay, let's not start with the fire exit.
Here's the new plan.
Not the fire exit.
Hey, guys.
Just to heads up, the fire exit has a turret facing directly at it.
There's a turret here too.
Whoever has walkie-talkie
can communicate with yourself.
Oh, my God.
That's dark as hell.
Gina, there's a turret right in the front.
Can we see a jack in the box?
We must vacate.
There's another turret over here.
If anybody hears me, there's another turret this way.
What the fuck?
Okay, it wasn't pointed in the direction I thought it was.
I'll grab it if you want.
Wait, you got it?
We got pills.
It's pills.
I'm going to come back and bring your pills.
Yeah, that's it for this room.
Yeah, if you go straight ahead through here.
Yeah.
Right here, this way, Gina.
What is that? Did he just die?
Did he just die?
What happened?
Brad?
Oh, my God, he's dead.
That's a fucking zombie!
Oh, damn it.
We don't have anything to kill him with.
Oh, my God!
Everyone, just get out.
Everyone, get out.
We have to get out.
Hell no, hell no, hell no.
Yes, yes, yes, he's dead, he's dead, he's dead, he's dead.
What the fuck was that all about?
What the fuck was that?
Did Raz put the fucking mask on?
Yes, he did.
Yes, he did.
Oh, my God, he almost came after you.
Yeah, Raz died and then killed Case.
I did not know how you put it on.
Damn it.
He was already dead, so I could have watched you do it.
Oh, man.
Raz put the mask on.
He has a spot that might be mimicking some shit running around.
So, Raz...
They should try the fire exit.
They could run past the turret.
Oh, no.
Wait, no, but the mask would just...
It would show up, right? What do you mean?
He put a mask on, so that means he's going to start attacking you guys.
And if he attacks you, you get infected.
He killed Case.
He killed Case. He didn't just infect him.
He's dead.
You also infected me.
Should we just leave?
We might have to leave.
We got two items.
Did you guys get anything else?
No, I didn't get anything.
That shit was crazy.
Let's get out of here.
Honestly, we got to go on strike, Raz.
We need 585.
We do.
We have like 300.
Wait, so if someone has that mask, they can infect other people?
Does it not show?
Yes.
Do they get another mask?
New group rule.
Don't put the fucking mask on.
I learned that the hard way.
But it's so stylish. Come on.
I think it was a strong choice, Raz.
I'm in support.
What the fuck time?
Oh, my...
What happened?
Why should we put the mask on, Raz?
Turn him down for just a second.
Oh, that's nice.
Okay, okay.
Raz, it's not like tinky mask.
Great shit.
That's on me. That's on me.
My bad.
Someone charge the walkies.
Wait, Raz.
We have a pretty good...
Could you control it or not?
I couldn't. I actually just died.
You just died, okay?
Oh, and then it just controls your body?
I just want to see if you can...
I just want to see if you can, like,
notice if you infect other people.
Oh, that would be fun.
Well, charge your walkies, everyone.
Wow, you can't touch it
or you can't put it on. I guess you just don't touch it.
Where does it come in?
I don't know.
Oh, man. There should be a mask.
There's got to be a mask.
There it is.
Use that mask to make more masks.
Oh, I wonder if you could kill the masks
if you would get multiple masks.
I think they're only worth, like, 40, though, or something.
I think they're only worth, like, 40, though, or something.
It's not the most efficient way,
but it is the coolest way to make money.
Or maybe they're worth way more than that.
I honestly don't know.
They're stuck in the right corner.
Give me that hair dryer
or whatever the next item was
and I'll just pick it up fast.
Guys?
Hello?
Okay.
Item to the left right here, to the left here.
Where are you?
I'm coming up from the back.
Whoopie!
The Whoopie question is, like, up somehow.
It's sort of stuck.
Okay.
You guys see it? It's right there.
I'm pointing at it.
Oh, weird.
It's in a weird spot.
Oh, I got it.
Yeah, that's got it.
Can I use it?
Nothing in here.
No, I didn't fart.
Oh.
That's all right.
What was that?
Bro, I'm a little traumatized, y'all.
That's not been easy.
Actually, it was scary.
Dude, the way you killed Case
was insane.
You did vomit on me.
Bro, that was crazy.
You...
I thought he, like, choked him out.
Ooh, maybe I should grab...
There's no hives here, unfortunately.
So I can't torture them with bees.
Hello?
It's non-monster Case here.
Hello?
Okay, cool.
Guys, I'm playing like a pro.
I'm just conserving flashlight.
So what's that noise?
Yeah, it's just me.
There's a pinhead.
There's a coil head.
Where?
Right behind you.
I know my fucking god.
Pinhead right there.
Oh, shit.
There's something else, huh?
There's something else.
I don't know, that coil head's gonna start moving.
He's moving, he's moving.
Where am I going?
I'm gonna just try to...
How do we get out of here?
They're abandoning me.
I left Case to die.
And she knows it.
Okay, I'm pretty fucked.
What the hell? Through the door?
Does everybody get up there?
Hello?
There's multiple pinheads or something.
Case is still alive.
There's a coil head, there's a coil head.
I'm looking at him, I'm looking at him coming down the stairs.
Come over the stairs.
Okay, go, go, go, go, go, go!
Go, go, go, go, go, go!
What's up, man?
Don't mind me.
Oh, come on.
There we go.
Wow, man.
I really thought you were dead.
I really did.
I ran.
I was like, he's dead, he's dead.
There's no other way.
There's no other way.
Case is alive, he's with us.
Might be good to the quota.
How much are you guys bringing back?
Nothing.
Oh, shit.
We got a cheap publication, that's it.
Well, I put some stuff out front.
Wait, what's that?
There is a giant.
You know, sometimes it's just not your day.
Oh, no.
Yeah, sorry.
I made the executive decision.
It was Case.
Sorry.
Oh, no.
I made the executive decision to fucking launch that ship.
Wait, what?
There's a giant waiting right outside the ship.
Okay, so now we know that giants exist on this map.
I didn't know that giants exist on this map.
I feel like that map doesn't like me.
No, Case, I'm so sorry.
No, no, I'm just...
It's my turn now.
I'm so sorry.
Oh, we do have enough.
We have a lot.
Guys, I'm going to sell these things and then I'm going to go.
Okay, that's fair.
Are you going to go do lesbian things, Fiona?
Absolutely.
You're not going to see the mansion.
Absolutely.
Fiona, the mansion.
I did see the mansion last time.
We kind of saw the mansion and then Raz killed us all.
Fiona, you don't see the mansion through Fiona.
Fiona, you don't see the mansion through Fiona.
The killer.
What is this sound I'm hearing?
It's the toy.
It's one of the items.
No, yeah.
I saw the mansion last time
when the jack-in-the-box and everything.
But you can see more.
I'm good.
I'm good, guys.
I need to take a break.
I've been shaming for almost three hours.
This is the most I've ever seen.
Those are rookie numbers.
That's rookie numbers.
But I have to go slow or else I'll burn myself out.
She gets...
She gets a couple gift subs
and then all of a sudden she's too good for shooting.
No, that's not it.
I just can't do these
six-hour streams you guys do.
Okay.
Oh, should we stop?
No, we should still sell everything.
Okay.
Let's see how much we can get.
There's also teeth here.
I don't know.
What's teeth?
There's teeth here.
We want to sell everything?
Do we sell these teeth?
Let's save the teeth.
There's a lot of fucking money.
Okay, I think we're good.
Should we buy everyone a flashlight?
No.
We have some already.
As long as I can communicate you guys
through the...
How many walk-ins do we still have?
How many walk-ins do we still have?
I'm going to say buy now and just say I love you all.
I love you.
Have a good haul.
See you all later.
I love you.
I'm going to talk to you later about
the shoot that I want to do about the N-word.
Okay.
A shoot you want to do about the N-word?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I love you all.
Great.
Do you still have your walkie on you?
I do.
Do we still have your walkie talking?
We have two other walkies, yeah.
So, Ian, come pick these up.
I'm going to pick up your flashlight.
Oh, somebody grabbed something.
There's some light monster noises happening on this planet.
Yeah.
Well, we do give stuff to a giant tentacle monster.
Check it out. You can see...
Or maybe it's because of the graphics mod on.
You can see the ship loaded in.
A little what? A little dot.
It's coming in.
Oh, shit.
How are you doing?
You know, I talk a lot of trash
about Elon, but this kind of thing
is very convenient.
All right.
All right.
Ian, did you pick everything up?
Let's be honest. The Cybertruck is trash.
I have seen that, Steve.
Oh my God.
It's classic.
I saw it parked outside
and in and out, and it looks ugly.
Safety-wise, it's actually terrible.
Only Starlink for a lethal company.
Yeah.
Do we have everyone on the ship?
I'm here.
Gina, I bought your ass a teleporter.
Let's go.
Welcome, Fiona.
You've been forcibly conscripted into this stream now.
It's right here.
Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Let me move this.
We can't move while we're in space.
I will show you the button in two seconds.
Mixing the creams.
Push the button.
Okay.
I'm going to be real quick.
An $80 bonus.
Okay.
Oh, you've used it before, then I don't have to.
Oh my God, we have so much money.
Yeah.
Do we want to hit it?
Okay, so Titan and Dyn are both eclipsed.
Do we want to go to Wren
or do we want to just send it?
Should we just go to the fancy ones
for the hell of it and deal with the lights?
We could go to Wren.
Let's do it.
It's not eclipsed.
That'll also leave us with some money
and we keep losing a lot of stuff.
All right, we're going to Wren.
Is everyone here?
Yeah, I'm here now.
All right.
Hey, if you guys had killed my things
and started spazzing out on your...
Okay.
I'm going to teleport you.
It's beautiful.
All right, get ready to follow the lights.
Follow the lights, everyone.
Follow the lights.
Follow the lights.
Follow the lights.
Yona has met her ultimate end
and that she had to go
spend time with a girlfriend
like an actual person.
I'm blinded by the lights
but also made me the snow.
All right, we made it.
Get up here.
Do we have everyone?
Nope.
Wow, that's special.
They couldn't have died.
They just scouted out inside.
Yeah, whatever.
Seems fine in here.
Okay.
Got her.
Definitely when you walk into this place.
There's a blob in here?
I hear a blob.
Really?
Yeah.
I definitely hear something.
You have the flash.
I'll follow you.
I got a gift box and a lollipop.
Here, drop the lollipop.
I'll take that.
If I find one more item,
I'll run back.
Can you shine a flashlight?
Here's the fire.
There's an item over here.
Where?
Right there. Perfume bottle.
I'll take it back.
What's that fire noise?
We're over here.
I've got a full load.
She's loaded.
Oh, you got a full load?
Oh, did I get a gifted sub?
I didn't even see. I'm sorry.
Dr. Cool, thank you.
Thank you, Dr. Cool.
Everybody loves you, Dr. Cool.
And CV loves you, I love you as well.
Thank you for the gifted sub.
V loves you.
The master.
The master themselves.
It's actually kind of insane to have a doctorate in school.
It is crazy.
There are two people to have it.
There's something in here.
What is that?
Oh, that's the fireplace.
Wait, there is something here. There's a key.
Oh, great.
I'll take it.
Perfume bottle is 68.
Wow.
I can't figure out because I'll be full.
I want to carry one happy item.
I'm going in on the left.
I'll look for it.
Dead ass end.
Yes, I'm upstairs.
Okay, I'm going upstairs to the right.
Left side has nothing.
Oh, I found it.
I'm going left. Upstairs.
Oops, somebody beat me too.
Copy that, going down the floor.
A key.
A key of stuff.
Yeah, it's bottles. I got it.
Gina? Ian?
Yo, what's up? Obley.
Okay, cool.
There are, there's a faith hugger here somewhere.
I see a vent open.
Okay.
I don't have a flashlight.
Oh, there's stairs that go up.
Oh, there's a girl in a dress.
Oh, you're haunted.
Ian, Ian, run.
You're haunted.
Wait, give me the flashlight.
Let's see if I can get the girl in the dress.
She will almost certainly kill me.
She can actually chase Ian back to the ship.
It's a thing I learned from YouTube.
We are just wandering towards death.
Oh, but actually
also towards there.
Okay, that's locked. Oh, but I have a key.
All right, let's attempt to find our way out.
Skymer, thanks for the hundred.
Uh-oh.
This noise is a little disconcerting.
I'll level with you guys.
I also can't see shit because of this grating.
Fuck.
This went straight in a circle.
Uh-oh, guys, I'm lost as hell.
That's the way up.
What am I missing here?
Which way do I go?
Oh.
Wait, no, this is not right either.
This way? What's this?
You know what? This will make it easier than
that.
Don't...
Oh, my God.
Okay, but I think those dogs are going to be out.
Which means this toy will kill me.
Can you turn it off?
Jesus.
Open it, open it.
I'm not nice.
Is this case on?
Case that you, is that you?
We're good, we're good, we're good.
Is Raz on?
Yeah, I'm ready.
Let's go, baby.
We're all alive.
We're all alive.
Sorry.
So we have about 400.
We need 801.
That's pretty good.
That's not bad.
That's pretty good.
Wait, Ian survived.
However, I know that
his manager would never sign a board
that I'm not supposed to fucking sign.
Welp.
All right, babies, charge your walkie-talkies.
Please, and thank you everybody.
Charge your walkie-talkies. Keep your hands in the middle of the time.
Charge your flashlights, charge your walkies.
Thank you, thank you.
He's not walking.
All right.
Into the woods.
Ice planet off.
I don't remember this before.
I need a top.
That basket made it real hard to see.
All right.
Okay, we ready?
Nice bill.
Straight away, we got a bill.
I'm on walkie.
I'm on walkie.
Ian, you have walkie?
I'm on walkie here.
Then I'll stick with you.
We're down, that's probably up.
I'm gonna go up.
Hello?
I might be regretting this decision.
I am truly by myself.
I can hear you, Ovely.
I don't know.
Yeah, I'm good.
I'm gonna get recording.
I'm right next to you.
Where's this gun? Oh, it's not a gun.
Is that a gun?
No, it's a mine.
There's nothing in here.
I don't see anything in here.
I'm a little lost already.
There's one entryway that we're not finding.
Wait, what do you mean help?
Ovely?
That's the entrance.
Don't give me freaking creepy music, help!
Help?
Can we use Ovely?
I'm getting scary music right now.
Oh, no.
He's coming this way.
This area seems new.
That's valuable for the company.
The walls are talking.
I can't hear myself, but I hear people.
In the walls.
We found something.
We're gonna put it outside.
While we're here, little do they know.
There's nothing down there.
There's a hairdryer guys, just so you know.
I am the forever alone meme.
Help!
Hello?
Scared.
I can't find anything.
I just hear noises.
Huh?
I'll quit after we do this round.
Same these.
Huh?
I'm quitting after this cycle.
Hey, what's up?
Oh my god, you got a shovel.
Did you find it?
Oh my gosh, that's pretty good.
I feel like this must be the way to more stuff, right?
No, there's nothing in here.
Where'd everybody go then?
I don't know.
I'm gonna just check this way.
I mean, I'm playing tell midnight exterminator.
Oh, that's what I meant in my bed.
What the hell? This is the circle.
Yeah, it's nothing in here.
This is...
I'm so confused. Where'd everybody go then?
I don't know. If they went downstairs or died, I have no idea.
Is there like a hidden door down here?
I need to get a walkie.
I'm just gonna check upstairs one more time.
I feel like they were upstairs.
What would have killed them but not us?
And I'm hearing things over here.
Yeah, I'm gonna quit.
And um...
Whatever, one more day after this day I think.
And then it's...
Okay, so that's the wraparound.
So what's happening here?
Oh, I see what I was doing.
Okay. Huh.
Well, maybe I should just head back.
I got moves.
The bad sign that none of that's collected.
Let's head back before the dogs come out.
We did get some stuff.
There's a shotgun-wielding nutcracker on the loose.
And these are the reasons I should stay.
It's only me, you do the case.
Yeah, that's not a good run though, I guess.
If we just leave, right?
I got two things.
I hardly found anything.
Where did they go?
We're gonna get Razzi out of there.
We're gonna get Razzi. Hey baby, turn to your left baby.
Turn to your left.
There might be a...
Shit, it's not a fire exit.
Okay, just keep going there.
How could I not find a way further?
And I guess it was downstairs and I just missed it.
I guess I went further on now.
Raz, everyone's back at the ship.
Just try to find your way out.
I'll guide you from here if I can,
but I'm not seeing anything.
I'll leave my flashlight and go back.
To see if I can call to him.
Nothing in that room, Raz.
It's rescue mission time.
Nothing's near you right now.
Alright, I'll probably die.
See you guys soon.
You want to take the shovel?
No, I don't want to lose items.
I'm running through the shit.
Hold it down.
Hold down the fucking right button.
I think we're definitely dead.
Whoever is the third person.
There you go.
Oh, there's bottles right there.
Oh my god, did they see it?
A gingerbread man with a gun that's coming.
I tried to close the door before the dog came.
What?
We didn't TP a single fucking group.
Oh, that's true.
Didn't use it.
Oh my god, my body's just floating through the door.
Gina, pull the fucking lever.
Gina, pull the lever.
Gina, pull the lever.
Everyone's dead but you.
What are you doing?
Everyone voted.
I'm out of here.
She's like, hmm.
I guess she thought someone was still alive.
I was running through the door.
What?
Oh my god.
I was about to bravely go on a rescue mission
and immediately ran into a dog.
I got the word as soon as we respawned.
Oh my god.
Guard King.
So Gina.
Gina, do you not remember
the fucking teleporter we bought you?
Avaly's piss.
I'm sensing some anger from Avaly.
Teleporter.
My stuff is gone.
You TP my body.
You TP Ian's body.
You TP Raz out.
If I land the ship now, we can't hear Avaly all of it.
Fucking teleporter.
I knew I forgot something.
Yeah, go to your fucking corner.
The new thing we just bought.
Just for you.
Go to your fucking corner.
Does anyone have a walkie talkie?
Yeah, this is how a real pro plays.
Abandon your team.
Sprint into the darkness.
I wanted to run into the shotgun-wielding nutcracker.
And I missed out.
I died to a boring ass dog.
Not this time.
This time I'm dying to something cool.
What the hell?
Wait, where's the door?
There's the door.
Oh nice, a painting. How much does this work?
Why is that worth so much?
I'm already making money.
I'm making literal money moves, guys.
While the rest of my team
argues about walkie talkies.
I trained with a blade.
Dude, I am a fucking art dealer.
And
I can only carry one at a time.
And I'm just a straight up money man.
There's a cashier that way.
Oh, nice.
I got some valuable art here.
You'd like to take a look, sir?
I'm an art dealer now, just so you know.
Cash register, best register.
Everyone on the ship is dead.
Wait, how?
Everyone got eaten already?
Should I just go back?
Gina.
Gina, how?
Okay, well, I guess the thing to do is to painstakingly
take these three high value items back and then leave.
Alright, folks.
The name of the game today is Sneaky.
There's no time
to try to coordinate with Raz.
We just gotta slowly but surely attempt this.
And I will now
commence with not talking.
But I will make faces.
What the hell?
What the hell killed me?
Oh, a worm?
There's a fucking worm, too?
Raz might make it back.
I mean, we may as well wait for him to die.
No, he's not.
He's dead.
He's dead.
He's dead.
Guys, you gotta go big or go home.
I believe in our boy here.
There's a toy soldier near him.
Ian can leave anytime he wants.
If Ian feels unsafe, it's me.
If Ian feels unsafe, he'll leave.
Look, it's fine.
The dog's out there.
It can't even hear.
He's been really quiet, so he's fine.
He's been really quiet, so he's fine.
Yeah, why won't he teleport?
Raz.
Oh, you see that?
You see that action?
He might actually make it.
Oh my God, if he makes it.
Eddie, I don't want to hear it, all right?
Eddie, use the moment you step into my chat.
Everyone dies.
Maybe he'll swap out his bottles for my cash register.
Or did that get eaten along with me?
Uh-oh, he is running.
He does not know that there's a dog.
I think we're okay.
I've not seen a single person, by the way.
Uh-oh, he is talking and running.
Come on, get to the ship.
Yes, he made it.
All right, get out of here.
Come on, Raz.
Go, leave, press the boat.
You guys picked the worst planet to get wiped on.
There was so much money.
Leave.
Can we fucking vote now?
Who's the last person who hasn't voted?
It's Case!
Case!
Guys, this game is about tension.
It's not about victory.
Dickbutt would say that.
That's true.
Gina, did you teleport a monster onto the ship?
Clearly, we died from the dog.
Yeah, I came back to the ship
and there was fucking blood and corpses everywhere.
I'm like, what the fuck?
What the hell happened there?
It was a catfight for a minute.
I was like, fuck, I know.
Guys, there were like $400 of items
at the entrance to that place.
It wasn't a fucking eclipse.
I mean, I remember middle school.
I don't know middle school.
This is how you do that.
Screaming to launch it.
Do we have enough money?
I don't think we have enough.
I think we do. We needed $800.
If you guys hadn't wiped, that planet had so much money on it.
You're lying.
Yeah, there were like three paintings.
The dog came here and killed them in the fucking base.
I don't think we have enough.
We'll see. We'll find out.
I have faith.
I have faith.
I don't have any shovel left.
Is it faith or is it delusion?
Can you sell bodies?
Only five.
Don't get ugly started.
Ian, maybe.
Tryna grab that.
You might be fucked here.
I can't believe I got fucking
wormed after all that.
Oh, is that what it was?
Yeah.
I don't really know the signs
for the worm.
Okay, back away. All right, all right.
Let's not die here. Let's not die.
No.
We might have enough.
We might actually have enough.
That's it. That's all we have.
He's holding something.
There's nothing else in here.
We can't kill each other over there.
Yeah.
704.
704.
Maybe it's enough.
Yeah, that's enough.
I do.
Okay. You know what must be done.
I'm holding onto it.
We'll sell this stuff first.
All right, let's see how much that is.
No, no, no. Did you just sell the shovel?
I did.
Why?
I thought bodies were coming here.
The corpses are only worth five.
Five each?
Yeah, that's 25. That's less than the shovel.
Careful.
But we could have sold the corpses and the shovel.
How's this thing not coming?
We've been ringing our asses off.
It's still a shovel.
Because you're talking.
Oh, someone said that the shovel is worth zero.
What?
So me and just gave away our shovel.
Ah!
It depends if we found it or not, I think.
If it's a shovel.
You can't find shovels.
Maybe he had some form of anxiety.
If you look away.
Wait, somebody bought a shovel?
You can only buy shovels.
You gave away our shovel.
We're so close.
Yo, are we fucked?
Oh, we did it. We actually know we did it.
We hit the quota.
Oh, my God.
Holy shit.
We made it?
Everyone get on the fucking ship.
Yeah, we did it!
Everyone get on.
We need to kill everyone for 25 gold.
Okay.
So everyone shut up.
Everyone shut up.
We have enough flashlights and walkie-talkies.
Who has what? I have nothing.
I have one flashlight, one walkie.
There's one walkie on the ground here.
So we have to get that walkie.
I'm quitting after this too, so.
What is this? Shut the fuck up!
Wait, man.
I can tag in my replacement Tim by the looks of it.
Tim, you want to play instead of me?
If we get pulled over by the Galactic Space Police,
we need you to talk us into that.
Yeah, we need you.
I'll invite Tim. I'll invite Tim once we're in space.
Tim's like a better version of me.
Space.
Okay.
And then I'll watch Avaly's stream to see how Tim's doing.
Riri, you are our sexy babe fucking character that we need.
I would cast a name tag.
Are we dipping?
No, no. We're not dipping.
We're doing one more planet or at least three more planets
to see if we make it to the quota.
Tim, you have to switch the mod again, unfortunately.
You've got to go to...
You've got to swap to...
Bigger lobby.
So if you do that now...
The easiest way to do all this also, by the way,
is to use that thunderstorm thing.
There's lights coming.
Helping.
How much would we have if we have 790 right now
and we buy something for...
I don't know how to do math.
Oh.
What are we buying?
Yeah, you'd have to delete...
more company.
Oh, and now you're subbed him.
courtesy of the legend.
Stevie loves you.
I got to make a whole Stevie loves you.
Okay.
Did we get all of our stuff?
Like, shrine.
I need the flashlight.
I need the flashlight.
I need one.
Here you go. Everyone charge your shit up.
Okay. Everyone on the bus?
Yup.
I don't have a flashlight.
I'm on the short bus.
All right. I'm here.
Here's a flashlight.
All right. Deep breaths, everyone.
Deep breaths in and out.
Woosa.
Woosa.
Woosa?
Woosa.
Wingapo.
Wu-Tang Clan.
We just got to make 1K now.
Oh, yeah.
1K?
Easy money.
Fuck.
It's simple.
Everyone's doing it.
Oh, my God.
Okay.
We're going to go to Dine.
Damn, I don't...
Ready?
Wait, which one is done?
Wait, can I get a roll call?
What?
Well, can I tag my friend Tim in?
I swear he's better at this game than me.
Then I have to go.
Wait, you have to bring him in before you leave.
Yes, that's what I'm going to do.
Okay, who has walkies?
I have a walkie.
He's an upgrade, I promise.
A flashlight?
Someone take a flashlight.
Oh, Tim doesn't have the right mod.
I think it'll take too long.
Tim, I'm sorry.
I got to go.
Goodbye, Case.
Goodbye, friend.
Bye.
Tim, I'm sorry.
It is different.
Well, I don't know how to...
I can send the friend code to Riri
who could invite you potentially.
No, you need a different mod.
Well, or you just have to swap the mod out.
But I'll give you Riri...
Well, I'll message her.
I just have to...
I have to go.
I've got the thing to do.
Yeah, I'm pulling up the thunder thing now
to see which one I'm using.
Bigger lobby.
What you should do, Tim, though,
for your own edification
is download Thunder Store.
I was against it.
Much like Fiona, I thought it would nuke...
the stream.
I mean nuke my computer for some reason
because I'm a suspicious fellow.
I'm a fellow of suspicion.
But it's actually fine.
It's good, and it makes it way easier.
It gets the stamp of approval
from case...
If it just texts me if you want,
I'll send your friend code to Teneya
who could then invite you.
Or Gina, or...
I don't trust Avali.
Avali's not to be trusted.
Alright, let's raid Gina.
The raid has been created.
Alright, guys, another epic stream.
These lethal company rounds are extending
my stream time by 300%.
And I did do a news stream
right before this, and then my stream crashed.
But that neatly divides the vods
for me.
I don't know what I would do that with, but...
Anyway, enjoy some Gina time, Tim.
Let me know if you want me to launch
your friend code into space.
Um...
And enjoy the continued efforts
of our beautiful team
with Gina and Company,
and Avali, and Ian, and Ranz.
The whole crew.
I just forgot somebody.
Teneya, Riri, okay.
I'm raiding, guys. Have a beautiful night.
I will be back tomorrow
for the dream stream
at noon, but I think it will be remote.
Not that it makes a huge difference,
but, you know, we'll be in little squares.
Okay, I'll talk to you guys soon. Have a good one. Bye.