Okay, I'm Papito. I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog
Pupito, are you feeling any better? Not really
I feel very feeling real jumpy
So I don't know why
It's just a jumpy day for me
Feel a little behind my own voice and really jumpy
What can you do?
A great question. I don't know
double OBS
I think I'm running double OBS. Is that a thing?
I mean, I did just restart my whole computer. I don't know. I've never really had any issues since I got this new computer
I didn't really change anything other than adding
this little thing here
Do you think that wouldn't cause too much of an issue?
It doesn't seem to be on twitch's end. It seems to be on my end. It's a it's a snap camera issue seemingly
Because the rest of it does seem to be running normally from what I can tell
I guess we can test it. I mean if it can run this so flawlessly
um, it might be
It might be my
It might be my cam link. I've honestly had kind of issues with my cam link being
Not working as intended
I don't know why
I've honestly had issues ever since I got the only issue I've had with this computer
Is with the cam link inside it like not turning on sometimes
that like an olcato
Whatever
Anyway, it's working. I guess well enough. I'm fine enough
It's close enough. I'm mostly good
Yeah, papito says he's mostly fine
Maybe there's drivers to update. Yeah, give me a driver. I'm gonna go for now
Not at this speed. You're not papito. I'm gonna be dangerous to hand you clubs right now. I don't know what's going on with you
Okay, whatever
What can you do? I mean, I maybe I blame this new chat feature. I guess this one time this tiny chat icon
push this stream over the edge
and now
There's no telling
What this stream can handle
You know, the amount of memory obs is taking up is a little abnormal
Maybe something weird happened. I can't tell
So confused
Maybe if pito's chomping on all the wires
He does love to do that
Maybe I added something that is not I don't know whatever
Whatever
Let's just get into some news and we'll figure it out later
We'll figure it out with the stream is not I honestly can't stream for that long today
So I've wasted enough time. It's news time
What you're too good to even play my freaking song now, man
How broken is this stream?
I don't know. You look a little you look a little janky to chat. What do you mean?
I'm moving at my normal pace
Yeah, everything else does seem to be fun
But at least your whole stream doesn't run off basically one external program
Right. Yeah
I do feel kind of fucked is it because I drank so much before work
Maybe it's you chat. Yeah, maybe it's the amount you do not usually do that. No, I mean I do that every time
I drink only before this job
It's over for every sober outside of working here. All right
The stress will play
It seemed that hard
You don't understand the pressure we're under to
Say a news
Okay, well, I'm sorry
Anyway, maybe it'll just fix itself
Just don't think about it. Maybe it'll go away. That's what I do with all of my thoughts of my divorce
It's possible. It still works. Yeah, but it is the kind of thing that unfortunately really
Sticks in my brain
My brain is now stuck on it. My every thought has bent on it
But I'll try to stop thinking about it. Okay, what are we going to talk about today? What's the news?
Go turn that down just a little bit computer's auto repair. Yeah, I think so
I hope so
I guess I really went overboard with this one graphic. What the hell is going on papito a question. I'm asking too
But he's got no answers right now
Exclamation point CSI sending those little message those stream breaking messages
Or some tussin on it
Maybe some yeah that roba tussin
Robo it up. All right. Well, um, let's do some news
Let me pop open all this news that we were gonna news. I lost all the stories I was gonna do
Why the snapchat breaking such a disaster
What a disaster. Well, you know this counts as election news
Hmm
Like there was a whole sim city on the stream or something everything's all broken
You know what I blame sim city for this
I blame renterton everything was working fine before renterton
Now there's all sorts of renterton on my stream
Don't blame the hardworking people of renterton where I'm still running despite it being a zombie apocalypse
I still consider myself in the hunt
Hmm not me
I refused my nomination. Ah, you were on there, dude. You would have had to do it if you got elected
We'll see about that
Checking one last setting here. Aha
Nope, that's not it either. I could maybe I should clear my cache a
Should I be brave and just clear the cache a of snap camera and see if that does anything
Let's do it. Okay. Did that do irreparable damage? What no
I'm no better. I feel just as fucked up
I'm not god that did not cash me out at all but you can cash me outside
You'll figure out what's going on with me
Uh shaggy, thank you so much for the 175
You know, here's an experiment we can do chat. Let's send it to renterton
And see if we have the same issues there
Okay, I'll sit behind the disc of renterton for a second
Look, I just you know, I'm a simple man who's obsessed with tech. So I have to I have to test it
Let's see what's wrong
Let's see if it follows us to renterton just one second check go to renterton real quick