I'm Pepito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
We're live in ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one.
Let's do this!
I'm Pepito!
We're starting with all the noises.
Conspiracy time.
Floating body parts.
The hottest of starts.
Good to see everybody.
Pepito still running around the office but not doing work.
Kendall has some ears to show though.
Oh, she doesn't want to show them.
Kendall made these herself.
That's panther worthy.
She made pierced Disney ears.
Next week I may or may not be in the greatest city on earth, Orlando.
Or do you want me to keep wearing them?
Oh, put them close.
She made these.
They're a little blurry.
It wants to focus on my face so bad that I can't get it to really show these but...
There we go.
Winnie the Pooh.
We're also in the middle of a hype train.
So many things happening.
Kendall you want to say hi?
Kendall says no, she doesn't want to say hi.
Lake Buena Vista.
Yeah, that's really why we're going to Orlando mostly to visit Lake Buena.
Lake Buena Vista.
The main reason people go there.
The classic reasons.
Oh, the hype ended just as I was about to send for this train.
We're spared.
We're spared the train action.
Kendall did destroy the hype train with her ears.
She ruined it.
She just cost us millions of dollars.
I just wanted to show her.
No, I don't think I had anything to do with it.
No, I'm feeling guilty.
But I do need to thank some people even though the hype train is dead.
Whoa, look at all this action.
This is the only way to see the theater right now.
She won't come back to work.
This is a little chat.
Clubs are just, man, we jammed 300 shiny tasty coins.
And I've been dying to say this.
The country demands Amtaro.
Amtaro Stream does still need to happen.
I just don't...
I currently don't have the functional capacity to have Amtaro.
Until I get the Pepito situation fixed.
The Amtaro Stream is unfortunately on hold.
However,
I'll give you guys a little inside scoop here.
We have the finest Pepito engineers on the scene.
Working on this problem.
And this is a little BTS information.
Very exciting.
This is the snap camera guy.
Patrick Trumpis.
A hero to all of us snap cameras.
He released an update to the snap camera server.
Which basically nuked Pepito when I updated.
Not his fault.
I think I updated wrong incorrectly, we'll say.
However, look at all these.
Look at all this hot action he's putting in here.
Boom.
35 commits in March alone.
The Pepito could be on the horizon.
He's unleashing updates as we speak.
I just have to see when the update actually comes out.
But it should fix it.
If it doesn't,
there are more extreme measures we can take.
Where's my cousin Jake?
Jake Whitehole?
He's probably around here somewhere.
Jake, you busy?
You up?
Looks like Jake's doing okay.
Hey, you made me make fun of them.
That's why we really want to get Pepito back as soon as possible.
As soon as we can.
As soon as possible.
Okay.
Want me to think?
Want me to thank some subs for you?
All these new characters.
I'll pass.
I'll pass on you thinking the subs for me.
But I do appreciate it whatever that character's name is.
I don't produce the show.
I'm just over here because everybody's walking around today being insane.
What's so many needs to do to work with thinking all these subs?
Pepito's otherwise engaged currently.
I'm gonna go to the satellite room.
Okay.
Chat, you want to thank these subs?
I don't want to thank them.
Look.
Everything's getting pushed around.
Reality's getting bent in here.
I got things to pick.
I'm doing a...
I don't even...
I made it worse.
There's a wrinkle in time now.
Oh well.
Turn off this music.
Give me cowboy music.
Convict me.
Convict music.
Like, ACON?
No.
Give me a jail beat.
I don't know what that is.
A jail beat to thank people too.
Johnny...
I think I'm thinking of Johnny Cash.
Johnny Cash, trap beat.
Because I'm sort of like,
I'm the man in black.
Was that his thing?
He wore black.
Yeah, he was the Grim Reaper or something?
No.
He just wore black suits.
Based on the movie?
I don't even know if that's true.
Anyway, good to see everybody.
I do need to thank all these people for all these subs.
This is an old school hip hop type beat produced by Bass Marine.
Bass Marine?
No, I think it's Bass Pro Marine.
I'm pretty sure.
Bass Marine.
Bass Pro Shop Marine, thank you so much for the beat
for me to thank people with.
We're still fishing in heaven, baby.
Johnny Cash.
Okay.
I'm taking you, but I'm kind of struggling.
Kind of like I had been quantum tunneling.
See what I did there?
12 months.
Who else?
Bacopalips.
A couple days ago, but still thanks, man.
Not a rhyme, but just a sincere thank you.
But I will rhyme, I swear.
Okay, you don't have to.
No, I do.
And the only thing that rhymes with Apple,
that apple list will snaple.
And they've still been subscribed for 12 months.
No hassle.
Like a rap battle.
That all kind of rhymed with the late sample.
No, but they were only snappled.
The true rhyme is my point.
And if you have no doubt, we'll fucking check your privilege.
Like a bundle sprout.
What's a bundle sprouts privilege?
Bundling and sprouting and also six months or 28.
Depending on how this thing is counting.
Uncle Phil 2K dropping hot seven months.
As we fucking struggled dark style with this.
Hurt myself beat.
Fucking serious, dude.
What?
I hurt myself today.
Anyway, shout outs to Uncle Phil 2K.
Dag it on Twitch.
Well, here is the sitch.
28 months.
You are the shit.
Don't even get me to motherfucking start.
I'm in the Acme building,
but I'm looking at a Waco's art.
27 months.
Nice.
S1000 also has me feeling like I'm a fucking shit.
Nice.
S1000 also has me feeling so right.
24 months is the reason why I feel like I could climb the heaven
and fly with the clouds and God and Jesus Christ.
CyTrix 25 months I might set a single tier tonight.
Cause Lothiel Tyler is putting up a fight.
26 months they've been subscribed.
Two community subs to keep the stream alive.
CV loves you with 300 bits.
Spider-Man?
Catch this.
Through the city, he shoots his webs.
But funnel web?
They still is the best.
28 months like Doc,
Ock, defeating them all because they are the boss.
And Timmy the brain is coming in last,
but 23 months will give them a pass and that's sick.
I hurt myself today.
In what sense?
By rhyming so fiercely to thank everyone
was the way that I hurt myself.
Also, isn't it a train that's supposed to do this shit?
I was under my teeth.
You guys see that?
It's nuts.
Just a full on, I got like greens in my teeth.
Anyway, thanks.
Cut it.
Alright, you're done.
I'm done.
That's all of them I think.
If I missed anybody, then I'm so goddamn sorry.
I hurt myself today.
Invisible Ricky discusses the John Cena story.
We should be able to make that happen.
We're doing conspiracy time in visible Ricky.
We thank you all for being here.
Thank you so much for the hype train.
Showering us with absolutely crushing this goal
that I guess we'll do today as well.
That they get a song.
When do I get a song?
You already have.
You just did a song.
You already have a song.
Don Rickles still work here.
Tase.
Yeah.
Don.
Don, do you still work here?
I'll tell you what doesn't work here.
Your asshole because it's leaking out stinky poop,
which is the reason for the smell.
He looks different as usual,
but I guess that's Don Rickles.
I had a little bit of work done.
The work was to clog up my nose with gunk,
but that gunk doesn't smell as bad as your stinky butt.
Burned to death by my barbs, which are hilarious.
Delivering exactly what I expect.
Well, I expected you to wash your rear,
but that was my mistake.
I was a fool.
Okay.
Well, he still works here to answer your question.
And he's still doing the exact same stick stick stick.
I'd love to stick a stick up your butt that has toilet paper on it.
Just to just to make 10% progress on cleaning out that rotten bottom of yours.
Okay.
I get it.
Do you?
Yes.
I do not get.
Are you telling me because you don't get to shower your ass apparently?
Oh!
Let's do a little bit of news.
Let them take it from me.
Well, hello everyone.
It's your girl, Liliana.
Sounding the same as always.
Despite complaints otherwise.
I never thought you sound differently.
What?
English your second language?
Depends on the day.
And that I speak at that level,
but no, technically it's the only one I know.
Do better.
Okay.
Anyway, I'm here.
Great.
What would you like to talk about?
The Oscars!
The night of a thousand million stars burning you alive
with their opulence and grandiosity.
It's a great night.
It's a great night to meet a bunch of powerful moguls
that are near death that you can exploit.
That seems like it'd be Christmas for me, essentially.
Is she wearing a furry scarf?
Yes.
Do you like it?
I think it's an Irish fur.
Irish English fur?
Is that a popular type of fur?
It's what I wear.
Gross.
Is it?
No, sorry.
It's not gross.
Exactly.
Anyway, the Oscars.
Look at all the beautiful people.
The beautiful people.
The beautiful people.
Ah!
Let me fix our little box here.
There we go.
There we go.
Yeah, my five o'clock shadow.
It's late in the day.
You think it's just for fellas?
It's five o'clock.
We've all got shadows.
You're telling me.
Give Case the Oscar.
What are you getting it for, Case?
What do you think you earned it with this year?
Hmm.
Most wraps is a train.
That's probably, indisputably, your title.
Don't know who else is competing for that,
but I'll give you that one.
Anyway, let's run through the winners.
Who came up big this year?
Case?
Hell?
Oh, the switch button isn't working.
Oh, no, I can't switch.
We're stuck.
We're stuck on me.
Hell, I won't switch to you then.
Or I'll fix it real quick.
One momento, please.
The do-do-do-do.
Sorry, everybody.
Okay, well, you were silent,
so whatever you were saying didn't matter.
Okay, fine, no switching today.
Uh, yep, as usual.
Things on my stream like to break,
so you've rolled with those punches, Liliana.
Best one-man comedy show on Twitch!
That's probably at least a couple other
one-man comedy shows.
Sure, I mean, that XQC guy's hilarious.
Is he?
I haven't watched, but, uh,
a lot of people are watching him, so I'll assume he is.
There is some streamer news we could get into later.
Um, various bad behavior from random pedestrians,
harassing popular female streamers,
and also a sign getting banned for,
honestly, I'm not sure why I haven't looked into it,
but we can find out together.
Oh, okay, well, in the meantime,
the between time, fine, I will let you know
who won the Oscars for everything.
Conan O'Brien won Oscar for I Get to Host the Oscar.
One of my favorite Oscars every year
is the award for Guy Who Hosted.
Uh, I guess it's an award of prestige?
Why is- what's the incentive for Conan to host the awards?
I think they pay you a lot.
Do they pay Conan to host the awards?
I guess it would not make sense that they don't pay you.
How much do you get paid to host the Oscars?
Or how much did Conan get paid to host the Oscars?
I mean, it's prestige, I guess,
but does Conan need more prestige at this point?
He's being paid.
Conan O'Brien.
Conan O'Brien will get paid around $15,000 to host the 2025 Oscars.
Who says- how- is that possibly right?
That seems kind of insanely low.
$15,000? I mean, it's only like a couple hours of work.
According to GoodHouseKeeping.com,
Conan O'Brien got paid $15,000 to host the Oscars.
That seems low.
I'll be real, that seems a little low.
Ah, how to with Jeb Nargut.
Well, maybe with Jeb.
Jeb has also been missing lately.
Where'd he go? I don't know.
He mumbled something about how the well was calling to him.
And, um, he called me.
That's all he said and then he hung up.
And now I haven't seen him for about two weeks.
So the hosts are a little, you know,
they're mercurial and hard to pin down lately.
Well, that's just how we are.
I don't really keep up with anybody.
I'm too busy hanging out with foreign dignitaries.
Crunching the balls of Jeff Bezos.
Okay, so I'm pretty busy.
He likes to have them crunched good and fierce.
Anyway, speaking of crunching some balls,
I said we'd run through these Oscar winners.
I've really built up to it.
In case you didn't catch it.
This list doesn't even fucking have them.
It just has Conan O'Brien.
Oh, it's because we googled it.
Okay, where's the Azoreskow winners?
Uh, Anora won for Best Picture.
The story of, I think, a girl twerking
and she'd twerk the best and she won for Best Actress.
It also won for Best Movie for similar reasons.
The Best Actor was Adrian Brody,
who won, I think it was, his on-screen kiss with Halle Berry.
Really pushed him over the edge,
his on-screen kiss from 10 years ago at the other Oscars.
Best Supporting Actress was Amelia Perez
for a woman really trying to act like she's in a good movie.
And she really pulled that out
because she was in one of the worst ones.
But she almost convinced us that she was in a good one.
Almost. She was really doing impressive work there
because that movie is Acrid Garbage.
And she's okay in it.
Truly difficult to pull off.
Best Supporting Actress, Karen Colkin.
A believe-winning for Secession,
but under the moniker, A Real Pain.
But I'm pretty sure it's a Secession win.
Sean Baker, director for Anora.
Again, incredible film about twerking.
Best Original Screenplay, Anora.
Con Klave, winner for Best Screenplay.
You seen any of these?
I've seen basically none of the things that one.
I haven't seen the Brutalist.
I've seen the Pianist, though. Does that count?
Yeah, I think that does. So you've seen it.
Best Original Score, The Brutalist.
El Marl from Amelia Perez.
Let's hear El Marl.
Let's listen to El Marl from Amelia Perez.
Because maybe we're just not giving this movie a fair shake.
Santos, Mírenlo, no le importa nada.
Solo los niños los dar con los ratas nadidos
los llevan afuera de todos sus pueblos natales
a cambio de eso.
Santos, reduce los ficios a falta de pruebas.
Turn it up.
Habla, esta gente habla.
Tengo ahora lo van a...
Okay.
Do you win an award if you like
learn Spanish? I think she might have already
spoken Spanish. Speak it.
I think she already spoke Spanish.
Did Ernest get stupid finally
and asked, well, we haven't gotten all the way through the list yet.
So maybe. Anyway, that was the winner
of Best Original Song.
Beating out
itself. Amelia Perez was also not, was nominated
twice for that one.
Beating out Mica Mino.
So say it for Mica Mino from the same
movie.
You were unimpressed by all the songs in that movie.
I mean, I've watched a lot of clips
from it. I guess I haven't really given it the fair shake.
We tried to watch it and I was just so immediately
turned off by everything.
By just the acting
and...
I don't know. It just seems like a fucking disaster
of a movie.
The acting was the best acting actually this year.
The music is
like anti-musical music to me.
I really don't understand.
And I'm in favor of
LGBTQ representation
and stories, but on that front it also feels
really odd and poorly done
to me. So...
Tastes, guys. It's subjective.
Speaking of...
Well, the rest of these
wicked one, best
musical, which is actually
for the Oscars, called Best Production Design.
But the award is for a movie that people like
and so we give it an award to make
normal moviegoers feel like they're
represented at all.
And in Oral One, a bunch of other stuff.
Best costume also
is in that. Often you throw out the way of
sort of a comedy or a musical.
Or the biggest movie, bigger
movies of the year will win things like Best Sound,
which Dune 2 got.
But
probably the big surprise winner
of the night wasn't.
No other land
in award for
most surprising thing a bunch of
Zionists would let win.
That was the official
award. I believe, yeah, it was most surprising
film to win in a room full of
Zionists. Well, speaking of...
Let's
watch these
acceptance speech because
it's getting spread around like crazy.
And
maybe it's important
are the Oscars still
important? It's probably good.
I mean, it's at least positive that
you know
a Palestinian was
shown to a mass audience
in America. It's a thing that
a lot of people really try to avoid doing
seemingly. So let's hear them out why.
In one of the few chances we get to.
Thank you
to the Academy for the award.
It's such a big honor for the four of us
and everybody supported us for this
documentary.
About two months ago, I became a father
and my hope to my daughter that
she will not have to live the same
life I'm living now.
Always
feeling
always feeling Sattler's violence, home
demolitions and forest built
displacements that my community
Masafriata is living
and facing every day under the
Israeli occupation. No other land
reflect
the harsh reality that we have been
enduring for
decades and still
resist as we call on the world
to take serious actions to stop
the injustice and to stop
the ethnic cleansing of Palestinian people.
We
made this film
Palestinian and Israelis
because together our voices are
stronger.
We see each other
the atrocious
destruction of Gaza and its people which
must end. The Israeli hostages
brutally taken in the crime of October 7th
which must be freed.
When I look at Basel
I see my brother but we are
unequal.
We live in a regime where I am free under
civilian law and Basel is under military
laws that destroy his life and he cannot
control. There is a different path
a political solution
without ethnic supremacy
with national rights
for both of our people and I have to say
as I am here the foreign policy
of this country is
helping to block this path
and
you know I
why
can't you see that we are intertwined
that my people can be
truly safe if Basel's people
are truly free and safe
there is another way
it's not too late
for life for the living
there is no other way. Thank you.
Do I still need to watch the film
or did they spoil it?
Well if you
watch the news at all for the last two years
there's a slight spoiler on
it's not a pleasant story
yeah
this one of
Trump's AI video about Gaza
closer than you would have thought it would be
unfortunately but they pulled it out
I was a little surprised honestly
yeah
I think it's um
I haven't seen the movie honestly
apparently there's still not an American distributor
shockingly
really I wonder what about
the American hmm surprising
yeah
I know some people were I saw some stuff online
where people were
kind of annoyed at the
Israeli
filmmaker because they both
spoke I guess it was kind of a two person team
because I guess they were still considering him to kind of be
a colonizer
and an occupier etc etc
to me that does feel a little like um
you know
you gotta
accept the progress where there is any
like I don't I think of
any of any Israeli
to go after I think you should not be high on the list
if he's if he's making statements like that which I would
say on the whole are
I mean you know I at least have to agree
with the pretty with the basic sentiment
angry people on your internet I know
anyway I wouldn't want to speak on behalf of like
anyone in Palestine
who wouldn't be particularly moved by that but
I do find that speech to be
you know genuinely like a positive moment
of at least
representing a ongoing
horrific slaughter
what I'm not sure if I put that quite right but I
just saying them you know getting a moment up there
and may hold does at least feel positive to me
speaking
of things that
happened there was a there was
a joke
some way seemingly
to me it's like see kind of
inoffensive but I've seen some follow-up from it
through the show which means it's time for Kendrick Lamar to come out and call Drake
a pedophile don't worry
I'm lawyer it up
honestly of the Conan things my favorite was probably
his big number where he gets to dance with like a
sandworm I didn't watch the Oscars but I saw a clip of that
and I certainly appreciate
him bringing out big
props
and just doing whatever
that's sort of more of my alley
anyway look at the big sandworm
or I guess little sandworm
in context
anyway I bring up the
I bring up the Drake
joke because
one of the guy who wrote it is like a
Chicago comedian who I
sort of know and just think is
a solid guy
and would you believe it he's getting
flamed
for I don't even know
what the logic exactly is because he's
kind of making fun of
us just accepting
well not even accepting
just the absurdity that like
our Super Bowl Halftime show was a guy getting called a pedophile for 12 minutes
not saying it's wrong that that happened but I think
that's what he's trying to make fun of
anyway would you believe it that people are mad at him
you know case I really actually would believe that people
are mad about just things generally so
so you do believe that
yes it's actually not that hard to believe
anyway DJ academics this is Skyler Higley
a former Chicago
comedian currently I believe working in Los Angeles
was on Conan's
I wrote for Conan's show and now wrote for this
award show
he took credit
for
Jesus what's even happening here
he took credit for that
joke sort of saying like yeah
I'll wrote that thing that I'm seeing
posted online
let's see where he did
that if I can even find it
let's see
no
he's can't find it
thank you to the academy and S&P for folding
and not cutting this joke
and I think before that he wrote
wrote the Kendrick Lamar joke and bet our executive producer
$50 that it would kill just made $50
kind of calling a shot there
saying he's the shit
well I mean he wrote the joke sometimes you got to take credit
that's how you promote yourself fair enough anyway
DJ academics
surprisingly didn't like it
a 14 year old Emmett Till
was dragged from his house and was kidnapped
tortured and lynched by a mob of white people
after being falsely accused
Conan O'Brien today accused Drake of
you know sexually assaulting
Amana at the Oscars and the culture
celebrated and laughed
lol is this what the culture
feeling like on innocent black men
and then on this post
it's he's got a steak
sponsorship so
I'll just put that out there
and ask what side of people on
the steak
the steak
sponsorship is pretty wild
it's also has been community noted
Conan did not accuse Drake of any
crime he did not want to state that Kendrick Lamar
has accused Drake
which seemingly did happen
yeah you I think
the line certified pedophile
um
it is a pretty direct accusation
so
not sure what Conan or
Skyler are guilty of here
but
I guess Drake fans are going to be mad
he didn't even say he was a fan of Drake though
I think DJ academics
is just trying to prove a scholarly point case
yeah you know sometimes
your scholarly points are sponsored
by steak
hey you know I don't think I'm the right one to enter
the realm of racial politics but
that one does seem slightly suspicious to me
what seems suspicious here
look at this image and what seems
off
a lot of that image seems a little off to me
the inclusion of the image
on the left with any of the rest of it
is a little confusing to me I'll put it that way
um anyway that's
that's the
that's all the Oscars news I have
he has calling Drake a pedophile
dancing worms and
uh
potentially important international
political moment
yes the smorgasbord you get at any
large-scale American event
you can only call his entourage bad drivers
from my experience jive sturkey have you been
have you been injured by a
by a Drake entourage member then
there should be an attorney specifically for that
yeah I'm pretty sure in Los Angeles that putting out billboards specifically for
have you been injured by someone in Drake's entourage
call accidentes
could make money
DJ academics was just grooming a
15 year old boy on twitch like two weeks ago
I
I did my you know what
I'm just not even gonna enter that specific realm of drama
I'll just read that statement
out loud and then not know if it's true
well that doesn't seem responsible guys
well you know it doesn't seem that responsible to post what
DJ academics is posting so maybe we'll call it even
okay I'd be careful though the
twitch bands are getting passed around pretty
willy nilly lately I honestly don't know how willy nilly I have not looked into what
the song got banned for but I could imagine it being for
erroneous reasons
we'll find out when we get to it later
for now
I say that's all the news we need about the Oscars
really three hours of all the celebrities and that's all we got
alright
cases in a hurry and I do have a
six o'clock crushing appointment so I do think I should get out of here for now
stay safe out there and
certified news
certified lily owner
maybe don't make that your tagline
given the context of what we were just talking about
I don't take notes case bye bye everybody
what the heck
couldn't find my tactical sunglasses I have to wear these piece of shit ray bands
they're not protecting my peripheral vision
from experimental rays
from UV
I feel completely exposed out here I'll be honest with all of you I'll look ridiculous
I do not these I don't support ray bands they're
they tend to obscure your vision but
I will try not to be clouded today I will try to see through straight to the truth
on behalf of all of you
it's been a while since I've talked to anybody
just sort of waiting in this room to be called on
for weeks on end
connecting the dots
but I can't share my dots with anyone
and I've never been able to finish like a dipping dots by myself
so I like to connect dots and say look at this
but I've been dotless is what I'm saying I don't even know
what I've been thumbing to talk about it says dealers choice
so maybe the conspiracy is related to casinos
I'll just search that I guess
oceans 11 maybe
well what the gambling industry doesn't want you to know
that's the thing there's just so many conspiracies out there
if Clementine I'm not Clementine
I'd love to be
but guys I'm not
far as I know he's missing except for that time he showed up the other day for a second
that's one of the greatest conspiracy the ball
where did case put him why is he hiding him why is he hiding me
by not using this segment more often
what about me doesn't he like
what did I do
I'm shouting too much I might scare the cats upstairs
I gotta chill out let's find out what the casino conspiracy is
how about is the rock building a stable of bosses
the rock of course somehow brainwashing the American hero John Cena who would never betray us
just give you guys a skinny here
something completely nefarious and baseless is happening
because John Cena simply wouldn't
he hustles with loyalty and respect those he lives by those words he never gives up
that's why I hold up a towel that says that every time he comes out
I don't know what happened
but I do know that something probably it was a lizard that isn't John Cena
if anything the muscle mass was lower than usual so it's probably not even the real phenom
I'll get too fired up if I talk about this
ironically John Cena was caught in compromise to a permanent and
it's not him
he's an American hero he wouldn't do it
Bob we don't play okay
he's afraid of the guy the airy trademark I am a little afraid of that he's litigious
a couple times I've run into him just in social situations we run with a similar crew
it's awkward every time and I but if this is just how my hair is it's not my fault
I'm a dirty blind and that my sides are very dark and my top is extremely blind
maybe it was the Piedro dresses John Cena I don't know
all I know is the request of the dealer's choice I've taken that to mean
for some reason casinos and let's find out what the dark
secrets of the gambling industry that they don't want you to know are from this
respectable journalist gambling is used extensively all over the world to
wonder money if I was to estimate based on the amount of accounts I've seen
this is what gambling does to you look at this poor man's face
he used to look as normal as you were I but gambling has shorn from him his hair
brows his general facial structure let's continue of that nature
it would have to be millions and millions of dollars that it's wanted every year
in gambling it's just a scam the fact that nobody can win we only want
losing customers that's it it was just fucked and they know what advertising
works what algorithm works they know how to maximize their profit I don't
understand why he's describing cool things that you're supposed to do
advertise maximize profit and win for you you don't want the competition to win in
the case of gambling the competition is everybody who walks through your door
and doesn't give you money so I hope he gets to a point here because I'm not
really loving what he's putting down which is to get people to lose more and
more it is just rotten to the core I was a customer can't say provise or
one of the biggest gambling companies in the world sure with 21st century
technology the printer doesn't really know what's going on and behind the scenes
there's all this much going on that analyzes your betting and ensures the
company wins it's always win customers would be categorized based on their
profitability so if a customer lost millions of dollars they would be labeled
of the IP okay the best stuff would talk to them but if you're a problem customer
that man could you be winning money so you'd be labeled with a big badge that
said that you're a problem and well yeah like you know back in the 2010s if you
were going up against Roger Federer you'd put a little skull next to him
saying I want to take this tennis player out that's just competition I don't
understand why they got so anti-competition the competition is between
people with money and the casino that's going to take it so they're just freely
competing by taking all of your money and giving you zero chance to win I just
don't understand what the problem is that needs to be dealt with this is like
this is really the most basic description of what a casino is regardless of
what you think of what I'm saying this is it's not that he's
necessarily wrong it's just funny that they're putting this music under it
that's like this is a mind-blowing secret because I do think this is them like the
most common view of a casino which I think is awesome just for the record I
think they should be allowed to compete freely in the enterprise of America by
taking money from desperate people that's my position personally the risk
writing is done by an algorithm it's just how much they've lost against whatever
other metrics the company's decided the risk writing essentially turns off
winners and stops them from bidding and cranks up the dial for anybody that's
losing so they can lose more and more and I think the real conspiracy
might here might be strange Bob looking men are putting intense music under
everything they say to seem more important I'm afraid that might be what's
happening here guys with no real point are putting intense music under
everything that they say to try to seem more interesting guys who have
literally absolutely fucking nothing of value to say they're putting
crazy music under themselves and then they're just saying stuff at you to
try to get you to listen for too long this has been happening in this
country guys who just basically their point is that spaghetti needs to be
boiled longer or it's too crunchy they're putting crazy music under that and
making it seem like it's a big deal well I'm fucking done with it I won't
stand for it anymore and I frankly am calling on every senator congressman
and whatever presidents are around to bomb it and I will stand by that to
my grave I got fired up there for a second but I got passionate about
this country you know what I'm saying thank you so great silver gets it the
crazier the music the more you have to listen I agree and they're using that
against us and that's why I'm abstractly in favor of bombing it whatever I just
said I do think it needs to be blown up but not a person a concept you can't
get in trouble I'm pretty sure on twitch for threatening to explode concepts
so that's all I'm doing look I mean that's I think I did it the request to see me
was vague and so I will just vaguely gesture at whatever and get out of here
because I don't want to misdirect you like all these other frauds do by filling
your head with useless information no we covered it casinos rock weird ball baby
men are gonna try to stop you from going to them because they are they're
gonna take your money or whatever but that's what America is you go to a place
you spend a bunch of money you have a great time you accidentally bet your kids
college tuition your wife leaves you but it's the memories you made along the
way that really mattered just ask crumb so all the time we have for today
you know stay stay mentally ready stay mentally what's the word mentally
quick and whatever you do don't be afraid to see the truth temper truth bye bye
a lot of intensity today from guy okay I'm supposed to talk to somebody too right
oh wait no I'm not to talk to any there was no interview request I even need to
be here right now okay well then said we'll just go amongst the web there's
a lot of internet out there so let's not waste any time let's go ahead and get
amongst it right now I've returned now man couldn't keep me away forever case
sealed me away what pretenders in to replace me but I look slightly different
now and I think anyone I might look like looks different enough that there's no
stopping me now are you okay many like a little disheveled yeah I've been
shoveled out and then fresh earth poured on my grave but I was in the coffin
the whole time plotting I didn't die and I'm back from the dead because
everyone has tried to kill me so it's me but I will not be so with I don't care
if it's but a little animal that's tripping out on cheese or but a so-called
orbit of truth knows how it was about barring information that's barely informed
with the name of the show your own don't even call me clever time for me
lemon head really you're gonna change your name to lemon head Vernon
set up with Clemence I'm already so abstract ever since I lost all my normal
hosts don't dead name I guess you can you're allowed to pick your own name
I'll see what Clemence on lemon head no lemon head all right fine Clementine
Vernon justice once whatever you want whatever you want all right look I came
back for one very important reason all right what's that I want those of this
funny videos on the internet this funny videos on the internet I want to watch
them that's why you're that's why you've returned from the deepest layers of
the hidden confines of the darkest bunkers deep beneath the ocean seven
layers below the merry on a trench is where I've been okay and I've returned to
watch a couple slag off with silly videos they're fun it's a lot of fun stuff on
the internet fortunately keeps you sane yeah sure more drives you more insane I'm
not you know kind of I'm agnostic on that we'll watch them either way
I'm just people to thank guys that's a great point skymer thank you so much for the
hundred bits Apple Dapel the hundred bits unlocking the panthers unlocking the
lotion I see the love you thank you again for the hundred bits dropping some jump
man's in the back what are you talking about I'm not entirely sure but you know
I'd say it's good to have you back Clementine but on it it was sort of a
bad idea to not have you here well that's because the troops are print present
are two challenging I understand that now that's why I'm easing back to simply
watch silly videos and have a little bit of fun alright let's see what we've got
today mindblower at fun sport kissing me what's happening here
coast to studio's a white minute who's this from coast to studio's oh this be a
certain guy who also hasn't been on the stream much or is this a different
coaster video enthusiast I guess let's find out it's four minutes long I don't
know if we'll make the whole thing but we'll try Mark they couldn't think of a
name hey oh it's not a real balby spot looks like fun comes the follow up to the
universally loved white lightning so obviously this one's gonna be better
right mindblower well there you go all right should have been given to begin
with gotta leave the D in there I mean mindblower under what circumstances
would you need to blow up a mine isn't that dangerous wouldn't it just be easier
to blow someone's mind okay so we want to be hey you listening yeah it's dad's
50th we want this party to be dynamite the energy's gotta be my god is there already
conspiracy or flow my mind okay try to get out they keep pulling me back in yeah
that's what I just said blow on my I just wanted to do that what is happening
my mind I said blow my mind not blow up a mine all right I see now whoops played me
for full all right I understand it's kind of too late I was taking them
seriously now I feel like I've been made a fool of what were you taking seriously
my was ready for my mind to be blown and it wasn't instead I feel like maybe they
were just doing a fun turn of phrase well we didn't see them all the way through
so who's to say I'm saying I feel like I've been wronged hmm anyway candle oh it's
a cat sorry there's a cat pooping in the other room I thought it was candle but
it's a cat pooping that was four minutes too long that means 51 seconds of it
we're solid but we should have 3.5 what was the ending I wonder not sure I do support
the exploration of all things mind-blowing I'll just say take it a little
more serious than next time I was ready to learn about this coaster and I feel
like I was misled well you know you gotta have a sense of humor I'm gonna be angry
your music is pretty loud this is you know it's a reddit video I can't tell
what it is oh my god we were just talking about casinos and our fast-decking
chat has already located a casino video for us you know can see casinos all
right with conspiracies it's just like it didn't uncover any in that video from
the crumb baby so let's see if they've got anything here and he come on let's do
it Andy show us what you got don't abandon you hey are you abandoning your
twitch chat again I don't think so I'm currently streaming well stop abandoning
them but I'm streaming right now you bastard oh okay I think he did well there
well gambling can be tricky you think you're up and then suddenly you're down
so we want to put the perfect cars there but maybe that was just a prelude to
the dissatisfaction of inevitably losing 31 seconds just not a millionaire make
well you know he did well there he had a big stack of chips I'm sure after that
he responsibly cashed out taxing without representation is that what gambling is
it's a sort of another form of a poverty tax I guess where you're more likely to do
it if you you're more likely to bet irresponsibly I think it argue all
bets are irresponsible if you're really desperate for money so definitely
praise on unfortunately people that don't have money a bit why you put your
bald mask then if you're gonna start spitting all these facts supposedly I
don't have a bald mask sort of completely but all should have did a handstand
that would have been the perfect bet okay we're gonna go a little further up in
this lot okay you know what this is a security cam video so I'm just gonna
double check that nobody dies okay we're good let's see what's up here oh
my god all right okay well hmm all right honestly it could have been worse you
that's true there were two branching paths and it actually took the one in the
middle I mean those pants weekend hiked up I was prepared myself to see something I
wouldn't have hated seeing it okay I'm a son he was in workout clothes for a
reason he's looking a little fit okay take it easy I'm taking it easy so
running through my process here why do you think these parking structures are
trying to strip us of our very close as we leave them they take our money when
we enter they take our money when we leave and when we try to escape leaving
our car behind they take our very skin in the sense of clothes skin in the sense
of clothes I'm just saying who's responsible for this who's really
behind this probably the company that owns the parking garage exactly okay
the guy almost had a very bad day yeah it could have also gone a violent
direction where like tore something off him so that could have that's positive
what you say is impossible really gory meant we have more head okay I'm saying
could have been worse all right well that's a gentler version of the first thing
you said this is from cat city rose graves opening a hit-clips robot I don't
know what this means but I'm concerned let's open this hit-clips robot yeah I
thought you just did he's so sensual
incredible I agree that one was a winner that's a demon I've always said for too
long humans haven't focused on the opposed ability of splits and that robots
standard potentially make up huge gains against humans by being able to do
incredible splits that's the thing you've always said I've always said
that this robot's already doing full splits literally up to its elbows it can
basically fold itself into a blocks but splits ways something I've trained to do
for years through tantric meditation and even I haven't been able to achieve
that's why we need to keep our iron robots so becoming more flexible every
day you remember him saying that it's one of my most popular things I used to
say well I won't go through all string close to prove your own cuz that
sounds awful okay that's an 8.33 we're improving slowly from that first
video of misinformation about my mind being blown now my mind is slowly being
more and more blown let's see what this next one's got for us oh he's trying to
stay quiet all right she just touched pretty good hey Matt is he going all
right this guy's got the right idea he's just gonna standing in the corner
I should show how in sick is played which played at a high level that kind
of hide and seek it you know if you usually blind people or like a put a
blindfold on them when they play hide and seek that's just what a high stakes game
looks at looks like but you've never really had to hide have you case you're too
busy forcing other people into hiding aren't you I don't know what I did you
sent me away you abandoned me I just said I didn't need to use you anymore
that's the cruelest thing of all anyone can do get rid of somebody with a crazy
wig a person case sorry yeah I think you left actually I said I need to use you
anymore because you said you had to flee to hide from some combination of MI6
NATO and the band you too don't I could still be listening case one of his
always everywhere still still I didn't need to use you anymore well listen just
like the casino guy said and guys the culture of using people you just leave
us pretty soon you'll have no use for that jumping man jumping all over your
city you'll probably cut his legs off tell him to rot in a sewer it's just
feel like you're being a little dramatic I mean you're already back as soon as
you showed back up to work I said come on in I've got my own yeah this one
the other eyes constantly in the astral plane so can only ever really have a
maximum of one eye on anything in reality well your reality
fair enough you know what speaking of the astral plane let's get cosmic baby let's
take it to the next level wait a minute that was an ad I thought that was
simply a celebration of all things raccoon you're telling me that that was
an advert for something called clips out yeah you know wasn't it kind of wild
would that exist just celebrate raccoons was everything will be reduced to pure
transaction um to be fair I don't know what clip saw is that a thing I'm supposed
to know about their advertising is working I'm looking it up oh it's a supply
innovative residential and commercial electrical products and solutions
conglomerate what a minute I said Australian brand of a little products
include switches so it's like anymore oh yeah you know that makes sense how are
those records must a party with electrical products that include switches
sockets lighting and more I'll just wish that we didn't have to reduce raccoons to
a purely purely consumerist transactional promotion well these
raccoons got to work too baby they want to party in the United States it's an
Australian company you're sound crazy that's what they say to all the
geniuses all right let's you love America so much this looks like an American
to me let's see what they've got to say right fair enough she had a point
listen some Americans they're talking sense and I have to let you know listen
I listen when you guys are making sense that's your favorite American that's
one of my top ten Americans for sure absolutely it's one of the few that's
not afraid to speak to the guttural chasm of existence and say I'm yelling
drugs are a bit yeah unfortunately social media if you let it and I do every day
really opens you up to just sort of constant mental instability after Linda
ride the wife she's dead now
the boy that could you might be just be saying something true there but I'll
leave it hanging instead well we don't let that 2.4 3b to summary of the
case you know you should be done by a final moment I'll say God bless to another
truth warrior on their astral journey like a some streaming the true f-synchette
whoa you know this one's a this one's an oldie but it's a goodie like that last
one into that some uncomfortable darknesses so let's just use a little bit of a
pick me up here pretty good right solid one yeah I'll go with the classic he's
big he's the man he's blasted whoa okay we'll end off with this one some tough
action coming up simple to the point exactly can you really hate big man
blast twice well why is he so big that why is he so big was he crushing the
little guy actually want to think about it he's just big you can't help it well
I get so big why did big man blast so it gets so big why get so big I got crushed
a little guy just asking questions most people are afraid to a 9.15 it looks
like it's gonna be above a nine maybe that's what they want you to think it
is I'm saying that is the score well maybe that's what they want you to
think the score is guys ready even new grunts animation and for YouTube days
yeah sometimes tiktok just shows all too good to have animations there's
a limit to the amount of cultural products you can pull from assuming there's video
of it all right I guess that's true well I send off a yes video of a man plowing
his trade in the physical realm
ah
ah
Click like and subscribe
If we fail, we don't need to do that
Let's challenge now
To be honest, this is the first time I've done this kind of job
No information
Click like and subscribe
Listen to the sound and see what you see
I really thought he was building up to a failure too
And then he just destroyed another one
Well that man's family was, his whole family was murdered by Bricks actually
It's a tragic story, but he rose above it
So then the Bricks right back
That sucks
You hate to see
Hate to see your whole family get killed by Bricks
Oh, he's a real thing that happens
I guess, yeah, actually that is the thing, it just collapses in general
But then now he's got revenge
Yeah, I mean more or less he got revenge
Against Bricks
And that's a beautiful note to end this on
Yeah, it's beautiful
Sure, it's really incredible what I just said
Yes, you're, yep, you're basically a poet
That's the thing we already knew, look, I might never be back
I never know who's going to chase me, what agencies are pursuing me
So just know
I've got nigh on the truth
And the truth is still out there, my boy
This means check man's gate
A guy that is one of the news guys, good to see you
Surprisingly concise intro chat
That's right, the old beef and chatter not wasted any time today
Ready to talk about
Huge impactful news
Yes
Sure
This is sort of informative news for me today because I honestly have no idea what happened
But I saw that
The sign got banned so let's find out why
Alright, nice
Sorry I'm doing my claiming
I'm doing my claiming impression
It's a weird combination
I can sound like Clem
Oh Clem alright
I'm a big fan of that guy, I missed him
The new lead anchor in the newsroom
By default baby, the best way
To earn something is by default
That's true, I mean you're one of the buttons I can still hit
The best end the button you need to hit
And that's the greatest compliment of all
Case's Arby's order, September Taco's curly fries
Or
Well chat can fill it out with exclamation point, oh who knows
A Big Mac in large fry, I see your Arby's order
I'll never tell but chat knows
Well they can tell you what it is by putting exclamation point one through five
For any of these options, September Taco's curly fries
Big Mac in large fry, or of course the meat curtains and cheddar
Ooh Arby does have some Arby's does have some of the finest meat curtains
I don't know off the bun, what?
Sorry I don't actually know what I meant by that
I think I do but I don't appreciate it
Yeah that's probably the right, that's probably correct
So far the meat curtains and cheddar are running away with it though
You've been running away with meat curtains lately case?
That's still your Arby's order
With some aplomb
That's your number one Arby's order
What's stuff serious out here dude, you gotta
You gotta support your fellow streamers who are getting
Assaulted by big media
They're getting their platforms nuked
Maybe
I could imagine Hassan being targeted
As there seem to be a lot of people that hate him for
Mostly having political opinions that I entirely agree with
I'll be honest
Well you would say that
Wait whose side are you on?
I'm not sure yet now I'm confused about who I'm mad at
But let's find out
That's the Oscars
That's the wrong one
Let's find
A picture of Hassan
Whoa
Okay nevermind I'm back in
I'm back into being on this guy's side
Because we have the exact same fucking body type
Literally is like looking in a fucking mirror
You know what?
It's a little bit closer than I thought it'd be actually
Sorry, I just signed you and I are basically the same guy
And that's why my heart goes out to you for whatever happens
To be clear I have not even looked into the reason for the ban
And I hope it's not a huge problem
Because I am on your side courtesy of your shoulder muscles
And your strong chin
Amaranth robbed at gunpoint?
Geez
Okay well first up Hassan Piker has been temporarily banned
For a fifth time
Fifth time's a charm though
After the leftist streamer talked about how Republicans really cared about Medicaid
They would kill Florida Senator Rick Scott
Oh no
Oh no
He would
That's so bad of him to threaten to kill
Florida Senator Rick Scott
To kill him
That's so
Wrong of him today to say that about killing Florida Senator Rick Scott
I can't believe that he would say to kill Florida Senator Rick Scott
That is awful to a awful thought to have about a guy that I
Know is Florida Senator Rick Scott
You're not familiar with Florida Senator Rick Scott
He's the senator of Florida
He who shall not be named
I'm just reporting the news
The news happens to include the statement
From Hassan
Apparently the statement was kill Florida Senator Rick Scott
I guess they could justify it as inciting violence
I mean I'll be real
Uh
I'm a
I well let's actually
Let's see if there's a video of him saying it
Because
No
As much as I might not love Florida Senator Rick Scott
Who's his son apparently said to kill
Directly saying that you should kill him would not be the smartest move
And I don't think you should be murdering people for the record
Wow case a beautiful clarification
Let's see what he said
Look the White House has made a commitment the president said over and over and over
We're not going to touch so security medical Medicare or Medicaid
We've made the same commitment
Now that said
What we are going to do is go into those programs and carve out
The fraud, waste and abuse and find efficiencies couple of examples you know
There's about 50 billion dollars estimated that are lost every year in Medicaid
Just in fraud alone
No
That fraud is not coming from individuals is coming from providers
They're not tackling providers. They're not actually going after like false billing
They are trying to cut recipients
Okay
It is that the stuff he's banned for saying
Because I wasn't tracking that and it made me angry
I mean the stuff he's saying about
Medical fraud
That's the stuff he's banned for it. No, I think he's allowed to say that we should continue
Oh, okay
It's not happening at the point of recipients
If you cared about Medicare fraud or Medicaid fraud
You would kill Rick Scott
Oh
Okay
You wouldn't make Rick Scott former governor of Florida Rick Scott
You wouldn't make him the current what is his current office?
What is he
He's the Richard Lynn Scott as an American attorney businessman politician Navy veteran serving as the senior United States senator from Florida
Ct has held since 2019 and also I believe this past election cycle. He was literally the the the
F***ing head of the what was it like the Senate?
Well, is that the only time said that the Republican fund raising initiatives
The reason why I'm saying if you cared about Medicare or Medicaid fraud
You would kick Rick Scott is because and not making
A prominent part of the Republican Party is because he to this day is still also known as committing the largest
Medicare fraud in US history
Hmm, I think if you're being generous, you know, he's just trying to make the point that
Rick Scott is like a criminal essentially who committed Medicare fraud a statement. I agree with and
Republicans and conservatives and really plenty of people in politics can be very harsh
And draconian in how they view criminals
So you could
argue that he's
Making that statement
the
Not a these I don't think he's actually wants you to go and kill Rick Scott
However, he put that a little too he put that a little too directly
That unfortunately I do think you could argue that's a little bit of an incitement
Because he threw it out there pretty casually. I'll be honest
Hmm
It was not it was not as smooth. I really thought I thought it would come up as a little more joking
But it did feel like go kill Rick Scott
Rick Scott
Which for the record you shouldn't go kill Rick Scott. Hey stop
Moving your voice around when you make that statement. Can't you just say not to kill Rick Scott? Look, you shouldn't go kill Rick Scott
Stop giving it any inflection. You shouldn't go. I do I do mean it
You shouldn't go commit political violence. Don't kill go kill Rick Scott
I
I really think I think it's unlikely that it's not as telling well in that statement unfortunately in that
Clip it really feels like he's just saying go kill Rick Scott but being somewhat familiar with
With his content, I don't know. I suspect he's just
He was making he was making a more he was made he was hoping he was making more obtuse political point came off as a little bit more of a direct
political point
Shouldn't he be banned? I don't know. I I'm not even no comment no comment
No comment on if this should be banned. Okay. That's Casey's bold political statement. I don't yeah
I mean, I I do think it's I think it's a little irresponsible to be advocating for
Potentially like violence towards specific people
With your platform
Do plenty of political forces in our country currently directly advocate for violence all the time? Yes, but you know, we shouldn't do the same thing
I think the word if should help him out, but it obviously hate watchers mass reporting absolutely
I'd pay money to see Rick Scott get a
See but that's
See that's on the edge though
Where's the edge on the how much you can threaten Rick Scott because the swarm of swaths you could argue is slightly comedic
Could you argue that a swarm of wasps is slightly comedic? It's just kind of silly cuz he's like oh shit wasps
That's a little bit funny. So I think that counts as parody
This is actually a little bit like
Hey, honestly if I was like as big as this on I don't even think I could do the thing I just did where I'm
You know
Saying don't kill Rick Scott, but in a stupid way. I would probably get in trouble for the same thing
I mean, maybe I will maybe you could you never know, but I think because I'm smaller
It's unlikely. I think he's underway more of a mic microscope
So, you know he's on stream like fucking 10 hours a day seven days a week or whatever
I'm kind of amazed given that he's talking about like
Oftentimes violent political news
10 hours a day that he hasn't gotten like in trouble
Even more so I can imagine given the kind of schedule. He's keeping it's like hard not to slip up and
especially if you're like
Kind of despise someone like Rick Scott say something honestly a little too extreme
But I don't know I still am of the opinion that
Again, I sometimes the style of his son's content which is sort of
Someone in chat chat says something disagreeable and he like pounces on it and goes into kind of kind of a diatribe
I appreciate that that content exists. Sometimes it's not for me
Just stylistically like
The like they're not a straw man necessarily but just constantly had constantly the format of like this fucking person in chat
Now I'm gonna tell you why they're wrong
I just it's not like my favorite thing to listen to but I appreciate that his son is like on this platform
Advocating for politics that I feel like are becoming increasingly less prevalent
Just in general
D s dsa huffs his gas too much
Yes, just you know again, it's it's similar to like the people being mad at the israeli guy at the oscar speech like
Even if there's like aspects of hasan's
approach, I don't always agree with
um
I agree with so much of his politics that
It's I'm essentially on his side. So
Just gotta be careful. You gotta be careful when you're that famous and um, or at least when you are that
famous on twitch and there's literal hate moms that are constantly trying to get you banned
Uh, something like that inevitably will
He interviewed the documentarians over the weekend
He's not no chomsky. I mean, he's like a twitch, you know, he's he's meant to be like a bridge to a younger audience to get them into politics
I mean personally, I find his content a little bit childish for my taste
Yeah, just I don't think it's quite adult enough for me
a sort of more of a
Brain guy who think about stuff. So for me, I like my stuff a little bit more elevated personally
Great point chat. Thank you
We try to keep our stuff pretty elevated around here. Thank you very much
Um, I don't feel great about son being the face of the left for a lot of young voters
Yeah, I don't I mean
I just don't know that much about him. I've seen plenty of clips of him
um
But like if you want to if you want to popularize a message
You're gonna have to
Look like this. Well, you know, he like present
You have to like present a certain way and kind of be
relentless and
Consistent in your approach. I think he is
Again, is the style always like something I would want to tune into for eight hours not necessarily
But I do think on the whole like him existing
Uh as a political force
In this streaming
Chat like guerrilla for science news. Yeah thoughtful news for me personally lord servo. Thank you so much
For keeping the lights on around here. Even while case tries to get us shut down
by constantly
Trying to suck the farts of political extremists
I can't help it if their farts are so juicy. Ew. What the fuck?
Yeah, okay, maybe maybe I should be banned for just a little bit. He does have a cute dog. Um,
That's behind him right here in this clip
You're really gonna hate this guy with a cute dog
Oh, you're I'm covering it up
God damn it. I'm covering up the cute dog
There it is. Look at that thing back there. He should go back to school
Maybe I should go back to school. Uh, we need more ed. Milots. I'm unfamiliar with ed. Milot
Yeah, it seems like he catches a lot of flak
Case is a notorious fartsucker
Again, you gotta be famous for something you gotta be consistent for something if you want to be famous
It seems like he catches a lot of flak from both sides like
If you're like a straight political commentator, which he essentially is isn't that what we are to
Might be a little bit of a stretch for for you and me yet
um
If you're a straight political commentator on the left, I feel like the left can be very hard to please
It's very fracturous and often there's tons of infighting and then obviously
conservatives are gonna think you're like
Stollen to 2.0 basically constantly
um, so there's like a slim margin of people that seem to
earnestly like us on um, and I could imagine that's like a
Like a very like
rough space to be in I think there's also people that just like him because he's like, you know, he's like attractive and uh
Seemingly likeable. What counts is likable?
Mmm. Yes. More or less
This is a politics and penis channel
I really try to front load the penis
And then sneak the politics in the back. Maybe we should stop
Yeah, maybe
Shut us on in hunkiness. I mean, I can't look I was gifted this body
And I gotta use the gifts I was given
anyway
uh
Godspeed. Oh, look, I mean, I'm honestly also
I'm what I would have to apologize
Hazy I have no idea. What does he even said about this?
I mean my basic what I was gonna say is I doubt this ban would last that long
I mean fucking
Asmond gold basically said
Palestinians deserve to be genocide and he was gone for like a week
so
If uh, Hassan is gone for like longer than that over threatening rick scott
Then I don't think you know
The hypocrisy is easy to observe and the hypocrisy always
Causes it causes people to take notice and do stuff. That's true. Hypocrisy the ultimate political tool. Anyway
What does he said about this?
He just said that twitch banned him
Oh big. Okay. Let's see. Let's see this
Big shout out to the right wing free speech lovers who took their time out of their day screaming about dei and
Grimmit immigrants to cry about this
Well, you know, I think
Okay, here's the here's the apology. I'm sorry. I'll choose my words more carefully next time and say if mike johnson cares about medicare fraud
Uh, since he wants to cut 800 million for medicaid medicare
He'd call for max punishment for current flgop senator former governor rick scott who has done the most medicare fraud in history
Doesn't that count as an apology? Yeah. Yeah that counts. I'm gonna say that counts
He gets it
I mean, it's true if he had said I mean if he had just taken like that's why it's it's an unfortunate slip up for him
Um, if he had just taken kill out of there and said like he should be in jail
Well, now you can say that
Again, I do I do actually think advocating uh with your platform for like
Direct violence on individuals is not the most responsible thing to do. So I don't think you should kill rick scott. See
Normal voice so brave of you to say not to kill rick scott
Science checks out. Um, it is as much of an apology as anyone is given on the internet ever
I guess asman gold when he had his uh
Homicidal genocidal moment, um did put out like a fairly extensive apology video, but apologies are just, you know
They mean as much as uh as the change that occurs after them and there's very rarely any change
And I'd say asman gold is also a pretty excellent example of not changing at fucking all and actually getting way worse
After the apology your former boss. No
No, that's a stretch. Um, okay
The other terrible streaming news
And which
harassment live stream
Where was this one? Was it emiru? I don't know my streamers well enough
To find the clips of all the hottest
Open harassment to female streamers
Okay, so
Kendall showed me this
Although I didn't entirely understand what was going on, but basically it looks like um a bunch of popular female streamers did an
irl stream
And there was some dude
following them around
As as creeps love to do now
Who shot senator rick scott?
Hmm. Can this poll get us in trouble? I don't know anymore
Emeru is a part of it. Uh, it was like three streamers. Yeah
it seems to be
emaru
Sina and valcrae
alpharee
Uh, bart simpson gaping
Gaping bart simpson munch. No one. Oh, that's got my vote. No one puffy bear and clementine verne
I think it was clementine
I've always suspected that it could be him
Well munch is currently running away with it. Uh-oh. He's gonna get in trouble
Oh, we also had a debate demanded so we'll be going to that later best way to off rick scott
Offer it offer him best way to offer rick scott and all of branch in light of recent statements by certain popular streamers
I don't know if you should debate given the current band
The best way to offer rick scott again. I don't think rick scott should be killed
Hmm and a call for an expert. Oh, so you there was a call for an expert
Oh, I just cut to the satellite thing so it went away invisible ricky discussing the john sena story. Yeah, we can have that happen
Um, I mean he's not every stream. So he's easy to cut to great point
Okay, this is the deal this guy was I guess creeping around on emaru and others
and it started
Well, really not innocuously, but here's the clip
I guess of their first interaction for a change
A change for the better as you would say
Order number. Yes for the number
I don't know how to use a phone. I'm sorry. We wait wait. So I'm just gonna I'm gonna keep following her
I
It's unfortunate that they still have to kind of play nice with him at that point sort of still kind of like
Playing it off kind of wish that they just had like security to just keep that guy away from them
Yeah, you know, I'm sure these I'm sure these ladies have to unfortunately deal with all types of creeps. So
I guess they're just trying to not escalate the situation by not getting like
Um
aggressive
I do wish they had security, but I mean, I also wish they didn't have to have security, but
I wish they had their own security. Anyway, unfortunately the situation does seem to have just immediately gotten worse after this
So here's the other clip
I think we're just gonna go
We're looking at something
Hey, excuse me, no Emily. Emily. No, hey, whoa, whoa, whoa
Right now
Kill you right now
So he's gotta be banned from twitch too security, please please
Yes, I would say of the twitch death threats that is the much more disturbing one that I saw
in the last 24 hours
This is why chicks can't go anywhere and we just door dash. Yeah, I mean
I mean he's and he's also like
At first I thought he was fighting the camera guy, which I guess he kind of was
But then he just straight up says he's gonna kill them
I guess he's just insane. Um, yeah
Just seems to kind of be like, you know
A little mental illness boy just stalking his favorite female streamers
But also with like a very annoying like casual cool guy energy
It's it's troubling how much of this like
Energy I've seen in the wild
of just like
Very creepy guy that's also somehow still very confident
Yes, the confidence that only
Untreated schizophrenia can offer you
I'm your favorite female spamer. I'll take it. I'll take what I can get
That's like that'd be a huge. I mean that is a bit confident. So yeah, I mean I haven't earned it
But I'll take it
That's how case lives his life
Why are dudes so fucked up dude?
As one of the best guys, I wish I could answer that for you
You're calling yourself out as the best guy as an incredible ally of good at all times me chat
I wish I could change the world man
I don't wish I could change the world
Yeah, you know, I'm sorry to emory and velkering
Um, I'm I'm I'm not
These streamers unfortunately, but apologies to all these streamers for having to put up with this in a perfect world
You could just go do a stream at fucking navy pier
Not navy whatever pier they were at satin monica pier and not have like
Whatever the fuck this guy is doing show up
This is a very strange face he's making
Yeah, I mean it seems like that guy is
insane like he's having some kind of mental breakdown. It's it's it's
fully crazy guy behavior to show up and
Just immediately threaten women that you were hitting on that you're now going to kill them. I guess because they
Didn't like that you were stalking them. So something
Something's going on there
Get help young psycho and ladies apologies for having to deal with that
Uh, haven't been told by a crazy person that they were going to kill me. It's unnerving
I guess I have in chicago by like
So unfortunately unhoused individuals that were having a bad day, but honestly, they were always kind of shouting murder into the wind
I haven't really had a um other than like angry frat bar bros just raging out
had to deal with
Whatever the fuck that is
Eugh
I do hope
That there's like decent security guys that don't charge a bazillion dollars that you could
If you're at roughly that level of like fame and success
Maybe have go out with you, but I could imagine
They're probably not like chopping at the bit to go do an irl stream again
Probably not I would imagine they're probably going to take a minute on that one. Let's see if they've said anything about it
Hmm
Since then
Also very kind of reasonable if maybe they're just going to take a day off
Maybe just take a day off streaming sometimes
I'm certainly in favor of that
Yeah, I don't know. I don't know what they said. Um
Oh, she did release a statement
A statement about this fucking creepy guy
Uh, I'm sorry for not saying anything sooner. I've been shocked for those who don't know I was streaming with rain sinna
That creep showed up to summarize. Uh, I wish I could say this was kind of one of a million incident
But the truth is it's not this is what life is like for girls
Yep
I hope if anything people see what happened and realize how much of a reality it is for women and content creators
As a whole or be thankful for sin and ray and lee rosie for how they handle the situation
Uh, yeah, they did have each other's backs very strongly
Um
They were doing a real live stream and it got the realest of all
Casual harassment of females at all times the most irl thing
imaginable
Unfortunately a very irl thing that we've probably all witnessed so
Hey, if you have any female friends that are, um
Thinking of doing irl streams with big followings
Maybe offered to just go with them not beyond the stream
And also don't go on them to hit on them, but genuinely offer
I'll just keep a healthy distance and if I notice a incredible creep stalking you
I'll try to intercede
I remember in case casmin fiona had our back. I know
But now i'm just like all the rest barely streaming all the rest all those other streamers that barely stream
Um, okay. Well, that's troubling. You know, maybe I guess amaranth also had some trouble. I haven't even heard of what that but maybe that's enough
depressing
Uh lack of female safety news
Yeah, I guess you brought me on for the the most fun stories case
You didn't have fun with the rick scott story. No because i'm scared of how to talk about it
Can you hit on me in person?
If i'm there, I won't defend you
What look I don't have your back that way case because I don't think you have my back that way
Hmm
I think you have no choice but to have my back chat
You mean because how raw and masculine I am that I just can't help it defend
Yes, that's what I meant. Okay, sure that adds up
Even though I kind of want to burn your ass. I guess I would inevitably just have to defend you
Thanks chat
I'm glad that that's the takeaway is thanking me
Well, um, it's debate time
Okay, I guess it's debate time
I don't know if we can exactly do the debate as advertised
But we'll do a debate nonetheless. It's time for what the crumb the the creme dilla munch
Whoa, what the fuck did I hit the wrong button? Sorry our producers are a rotating cast of um
Non-dog so things have gotten worse lately. What you're trying to say is it's time for munch and crumb. Here we go
It is good to be back
Again on top where I've always been the number one spot, which I've never left him have returned to
What you're a hole your whole eyebrow just like
The ghost dandruff
The ghost dandruff your whole head despite being bald
Is like you have the ghost of someone's hair
You should see a doctor. I've got a decent doctor not the dog doctor
Dr. M. Pinata or whatever his name was
We're jamming today as well. So we got to pick up the pace
There's a lot to jam in today
um
I don't even care what you were just saying what we were doing banter. It's never banter
I'm trying to hurt you every time I speak. It's never meant to be playful
Yeah, I've picked up on that. I you don't pick up on anything. See I'm trying to be hurtful
Well, you're not that good at it. I'm too used to it. I built up a thick skin. Yeah, I can see
A thick translucent skin
As usual a contradiction
I look just like rick scott. That can't be true
I've seen rick scott
I've got a gentler face. I've got a more welcoming gentler face than rick scott
See
I have what I call tactical friendliness joules
Tactical, you know, you maintain a healthy weight. So you have a friendlier face
Unlike uh
rick scott one of my colleagues
What in what sense? Well, you know, I'll show a politician that makes him a colleague
But I don't agree with everything the man says. See that's how you disagree respectfully
That was barely a disagreement. I'm just saying that's how you disagree respectfully. Anyway, this is what he looks like
See totally different
A totally different man. Let's skeletor you also he has more hair. He has infinitely more hair than you because he has hair
Gross
He looks gross. Yes
We're so cruel to rick scott
Everyone is so cruel to rick scott on this stream
You're not cruel enough. Okay, you're gonna get us in trouble. Now crumb's trying to get us banned
The resemblance is uncanny
Well, look the predictions are in as usual people think i'm gonna win
I don't think that's what people think i'm gonna win and I get to choose your side of the debate
um
Because otherwise you don't get five thousand dollars
For those who uh aren't aware
Crumbo's 165 thousand dollars to this gorilla
I actually invited as a guest to return to this stream
Because I love this song that he's playing so much
I think it's an absolutely beautiful track and he plays it incredibly
He bet this gorilla 180 thousand dollars for some reason and immediately lost they'll thatch
There is video proof of me doing that. Yes, and I some are saying I did you did
Anyway, uh in order to work off the debt I get to choose which side of the debate you're on and if you somehow managed to win well
As a man of honor, I'll give you five thousand dollars
I for the record I am doing okay financially. I'm just not liquid at the moment
You're leaking liquid out of those jorts
I'm not wearing jorts. He was wearing jorts under here. No, I'm wearing normal slacks
Yeah, you're leaking you're leaking to get out of those jorts because you're scared. I'm saying you're pissing yourself
Look, we got to figure out some version of this debate we can do that doesn't get us banned. Um
Let's let's just throw it out to chat
Uh, how do we phrase this debate?
To not get banned
That's amazing point. Oh is how you tell us how to not get banned
Case is working overtime to try to get this channel banned seemingly, but I'm the one person standing against it
Rick or dick
That's a pretty good one. I'm just gonna add that on there myself really quick
Rick or dick
Um, I just mean to point. Oh is how you fill this out
Just don't make a debate
Is that an option that can't no that doesn't sound like that would work if that's an option
That's I can't believe we've just never done that
No, we have no choice but to do this. It's necessary for society. I think
How
Well, look rick or dick genital slit just don't make a debate. Uh, best date ideas and if anybody has a fifth one
That's how we'll start uh, visible ricky or reaper creeper
Visible ricky
Is that a guy maybe does invisible rickies like cousin or something?
I don't know
Also, let's realize how are we gonna do jump alive because
Half of them are missing. Oh, yeah, they are kind of missing
I don't know. That's a kid. That's a problem for a future case
Shit
Why are you worried? I'm not worried. I said I was saying shit about something else the best date ideas
That's a slight deviation from the from the from the rick format, but I'm okay with it
I will go with what wins assuming it's not just don't make a debate because I don't know how to do that one
Okay, best date ideas
A microphone and hunter. Thank you so much for the 27 months
Really crazy
How long I've been absolutely killing this game
Yeah, killing our viewers them seeing you
An indiana jones style melting so congratulations on celebrating that about yourself. Thanks
Okay, look best we're slightly pivoting from the violent one to best date ideas
You know, my best date idea is
Actually ask your partner what they like and do that. Well, actually I think
Knowing your partner well enough to know what they like so you don't have to
inopportune them by
extracting that information you want to pick up on context clues
and
just kind of
Stay ahead enough and aware enough of your partner's needs that you can surprise them with an exciting date
Without even having to you know directly ask and that's what I think actually is the best date
That's what I think is is just vibe it out
But that's what I know that's not what you said is actually
um
Snakes, I think the best date is snakes. Yep
You just think snakes
In any form
So good luck with that
Minds vibe it out and yours is snakes
Okay, if we don't have them if we have a mod that doesn't mind making that if any are available
Um
Okay, um
Snakes are really an incredible creature
uh
It's like a a tentacle
It's like a living tentacle
So, um, there's a a
There's a dark beauty to them
They are traditionally the image of corruption
However, uh at the same time that can be erotically stimulating but also thought-provoking
um
A great a snake show, uh, sort of introduces the
Savagery of of love uh while at the same time
Um being instructive on the nature of of reptiles
So sure it's it's a little out of left field, but
Snakes in any form
Um can be sort of a stimulating aphrodisiac and a unique idea that
Presents you in a unique light and I think what you just said is crazy. Let's be real. You're talking about
first date
No best date idea. Okay. Well potentially first date
Just bringing this person that you just met to
Snakes just showing them snakes in some form just snake
Uh, well, you know snake show maybe you have a pet snake. Maybe you bring the snake
In a car you bring a van full of snakes to you to your paramour
I've seen stranger things
Work, so why not snakes? Well, dives actually would be the main thing
What you want to do is just kind of perfectly summarize the person purely by looking at them
Um, innately understand their spirit at a fundamental level without any effort
Uh, perfectly hone in on exactly what they want and do that at all times
That's really all it takes to be the perfect partner
Know who they are know what they want do it at all times and never fail
And that's exactly what you should do and that's the best thing about times
So sorry about that
But what I said was incredible and compelling
And the people that once again spoken
That 42 of them are never wrong. Uh-oh the gorillas escapes
Where's he playing the music from?
I just keep an eye on your six. I don't know where he went
He was just here. So be careful
I'm just a little uh, I'm afraid if I move too much. Do they have vision movement? Are they like t-rexas? No, they're
They're basically humans, but harry so they can see you if they want
Oh my god, he's fast. How did you move the how did you move the piano around that fast?
I think he's just showing off the speed that he has access to
When he wants you didn't pay him a cent today not one
Gorilla cent
um, we'll just know
Uh, we're paid by monthly. Uh, I have some investments that are very likely to pay off soon. So
He doesn't seem like he's feeling patient today
exactly in full
hyper realistic 4k like this gorillas in your living room
That's what you're dealing with crumb. He is in my he's in my room currently
I think we should raise this debt if anything
Well, if I don't if I don't win it all in a week, then I think it does the interest collects and
It's really hard to pay down
Well, you're never gonna win. So I'm excited to see this gorilla tell you to shreds Jesus
I think yeah, that's bad. You're just threatening to see me rendered to pieces by a gorilla
That's gotta be bannable. No, it doesn't apply to which terms don't apply to you like that
I can threaten you while I want that's how is that fair? It just is that's fair
We asked twitch and it turns out that that's acceptable
Don't threaten violence unless it's against crumb
Is the official twitch policy. So fortunately, can everybody be banned for that?
Excited to see him torn to shreds by gorillas. I'm sure all of you are
We'll get right back to that in the future. We'll be back on wednesday or something
Hopefully he'll get destroyed by gorilla torn torn a bit extremely violently right in front of your eyes
Stay safe out there. We'll talk you soon. They young bloods
Somebody told me that they needed a adult figure in the room because somebody's missing and great news
I was available
I'm just ready. You know, I'm ready to teach if you're ready to learn. I'm also sometimes teaching is learning
So I'm ready to learn with each and every one of you
Excited to do it. What the fuck? Whoa, what's up with you? What the hell?
I feel like I'm fading without the presence of my son
Where the hell is he?
I don't know man. Is he what?
Where's this? Where's what the hell jeb?
I need to be fed my ghost treats
Your ghost treats and what?
Huh, what's talking to me right now? I'm the deceased specter of
My son's father and I'm pretty sure I live in a mansion. No, you seem to be living in wood. Oh my god
That's a great point. I'm dead and I'm in the wood
I'm a little confused by essentially basically what's happening here, but
I was told this is a how-to show where we watch how-to videos the normal host
Is missing
A lot of people around this network seem to be missing lately
I don't know why really but for all the young lads out there, let's learn a thing or two
You think you'd be on the run for well, you know
No
How'd you get in there?
um
I don't know the only image I have in my head when I think of what happened right before I was in the wood is
I'm looking up
There's a shaft of light. I'm wet. It's a wet muckiness around me. The walls are stone
All right, I guess I don't actually care. It seems kind of boring whatever. Um, all right. Let's learn what's uh going on
Whoo, how did okay? You got a whole thread. That's fun
Turkey meat loaf. I've always wanted how to make that. All right, sure
Oh, jeez. All right, this is a little scary that I was expecting but let's see what they got
Got the casino gambling on the Jurassic Park slot machines
We're making meatloaf
Meatloaf became popular during the great suppression
Everybody was so sad when they were eating it, but it makes me so happy. We're making a turkey meatloaf
We're using butter ball sounds like a material disease. I always got a bad case of butter ball
We're using two pounds of turkey meat garlic red pepper
Onion looks good to me. All of this
I'm also gonna add two eggs
plop
Plop is that will neck. I don't know of it's all you breadcrumb
I'm gonna have to use some spices from our microwave some spice supreme
It's all you in parsley
Ketchup's
This is it. This is my favorite part
Oh my god
I mean, I think it looks pretty good. This is why we do this
Oh the feeling the texture
Oh, it's like
Mushing my hands. Yeah, it's basically meatloaf gold courtesy the eggs. That's a great point
Yes, I love meatloaf. I love the singer too. He's fantastic. He says I would do anything for love
But I won't do that
I would do that a lot of girls won't do that, but I'll do that. All right, let's see what they get at the end here
Oh, it's gonna feel great on your lips
All right, more ketchup nice good choice by husband, but he's working
So you'll have to beat this little loaf instead
Look at that. All right. She's spicy. I like that
He got our cat a little game so he could go to work too
My little business man, this is very wholesome. We're gonna put the sauce on now and let it bake for about another 10 minutes
Oh
Oh my god, can you believe it?
Look at this magnet my watch the hoagie trailer. All right, it's a me. Isn't it stunning? Okay. We're taking it out now. Wow
Now I'm gonna hit it with a little bit of this
Because of all stop at glaze
What's up?
We're gonna try it now
I love you
Seems like a good loaf
I like that lady. Oh wow. All right
Can you like have guests in there? No, well, can I can you get a number? I don't know man
It looked good. Yeah, I mean, you know ketchup underrated as just slathering on stuff man. It's ketchup. It's good
Yeah, it looked really good. Okay
geez
Is he always like
A horny ghost. Is that your deal? I'm not that horny
Hmm
I think feel like I'm starting to understand why he's trapped in there. Let's um
There's a request for the hoagie trailer. I don't know what that is
And also, you know, certain
Misguided high school children will be very upset if I watch a trailer without them
But I'm an adult and I make my own decisions. So I'm gonna go look for the hoagie trailer
Okay, we'll count this as a how-to. This is how-to hoagie. I guess
Let's find out
Brendan Bean had it all
A simple life
Brendan Bean
Beautiful kids
I love you beautiful kids so much a loving wife
Don't work too hard, Brendan and a wonderful new home as you can see, April and I have been hard
I'm not getting things settled, but soon his world was gonna turn upside down
When an uninvited guest
Was a little more than Brendan barking for
Uh-oh
I can say without a doubt that this creature does not exist in the middle and fossil record
We will move on Brendan Bean and then we will collect my hoagie and your name will be written in history
You and me hoagie we're friends
Oh, that was a full bud to whoever captures that beast
Oh, oh
Oh, wow
Oh, jeez a lot of hoagies hoagie islewood productions and so pot family films
Look at that little world
Of whimsy and a lucky everyone
Meet hoagie. I cut away slightly too soon. It said coming soon. So just know that that's
That's in the pipeline
I like that little guy. Stop being so horny. I'm not horny. I like the little guy
It's not a sex thing
All right ghost man dad
All right
I got nothing. I like the hoagie guy. He seems like a fun little fella, but he's in curd
He seems to have created a lot of violence. Not sure why he seems harmless
Yeah, just a little guy that needs our help
Prem team film night that was a thing that cast him had mentioned doing
um, is it like a patreon thing so
There is an insane amount of options available. However
Hoagie seems like a good option
Let's do one more how to push him. I can't do that
just know that, you know
Would I love to do this for y'all?
Would I love to click on this one video?
I know it would make the ghost dad happy, but
I just don't know if we can get away with it. I feel like this
Stream has already had enough bandable offenses for one day
Instead we'll learn how to be a real man something I've been trying to instill into the young bloods for years and a struggle to
So let's see if this gets us there. Joe Simmons used to be your average teenager
He enjoyed his music
He liked his magazines
He loved his television programs
Worshiped Marissa Wilson
What?
He had a few pet habits
But then
Joe got a message
He is the same age as Joe will never be the same
green day
Not today
Oh
Your numbers up
Pearl Jam your toe jam. You're self-disconnection
Joe
Hey, you got a light. I'm gonna let it shine
What's up, Joe? Are you crazy?
crazy
You're local poor Jesus
You know that looks a lot like a Chicago improviser that I'm told case knows, but I think it's
Probably maybe that's real fun footage. I can't tell
but uh
It's a good message. It is. I mean, I'm assuming
don't
Pearl Jam with drugs
Are you anti pearl jam? No, I mean, I'm sort of that cool counselor that does like rock and roll music
Oh, yeah, that's I get that that's cool
Because these kids they don't expect you to be into rock and roll music. They never do but then you blow their mind by being like
You know, I've seen Eric Clapton live it gets them every time now. They respect you and they know that you get them
Maybe you get them tickets to an Eric Clapton concert and now
You're not just a wise tutor
You're a wise friend
We get each other man if I was 10 years younger and meaning I was alive
I'd see if you wanted to kiss what?
Why'd you have to take it there? I'm just I'm very I'm in wood
I haven't touched anything in a while and I get
Desperate
Okay, well minus the sex stuff. Yeah, man. I get your vibe. I get it. All right. We're best friends. Yeah, okay
Yeah, we are. Oh, yep. Yeah, we're best friends. Okay
Yeah, I get the vibe man. The vibe is yeah, we're best friends. All right
Should I
Grab your wood get you out of here throw you in the back of my van. Whoa
I said, sorry, that's it's hard having a van because it sounds creepy, but it's just functional for I don't live in it
I just have to transport a lot of stuff
Open truck bed. It gets wet. We're either wearing it rains around here. You don't have to tell me man
I know the virtues of a van
But anyway, don't you can't move me. It's many have tried
impossible
I seem to be woven into the fabric of his space the wood itself is unmovable
Like a sword in the stone situation more or less
Well, maybe your best friend
Can move you. No, I think it it'll if you touch this wood it peels the skin off of your hands. What the fuck? Yeah
I don't know why
Unclear what's going on there?
I wouldn't touch it
It's made some cleanup problems in the past
Well, you don't have to tell me twice and you don't have to tell yourself twice all the stuff you learned today
Because now you get it you saw the video. So that's all the time we have for now. I got a new best friend. That's exciting
Trent don't get offended
Because I might be your friend, but I'm also your mentor and this is more my peer. That's why so
We'll talk to y'all soon. Have a beautiful one and you know, it's you know
You can always learn shit or whatever that other guy says. Bye. Bye everyone. It's time for the news round up
Can you just for once
Admit that you're happy to see me
Lucky that you got to do news
Hello, Peter. Hi everyone. I'm Peter Gibbon. I'm one of the
One of the hosts of the news
How is everyone at this network so bad at interest? We learned it from watching you case
Yeah, I know that's Peter everybody. Well, that's uh, there's a news. There's news to round up. Can we get some like round up news music?
News rap beat
I'm not gonna rap. I just want
Just want a little light music to back up all this news that there is to cover
You can submit all sorts of stories in the back feed news
Previously cases really failed to click on a lot of these stories, but
I had the brilliant idea. You mean live in sleazy had the good idea
I had the brilliant idea to do it. Um a news round up
I'm the lives is also suggested that we start timing these
And uh, that might not be a bad idea because I feel like you have a slight tendency to really ramble, Peter
What are you trying to make clip-able content? No, I just I'm trying to clip you out of as much content as possible
Okay, okay, someone's feeling clever today. That's fun for you
all right
Start off with a little
A news courtesy of the AP AP Friedling. I'm trying to go quickly
um
Anyway, this is this is sort of more recent news, but uh, yes
Trump has ordered a pause of us military aid for Ukraine
Sort of following up on the events you witnessed last week where they had
a little bit of a disagreement
You mean where they had a completely katties
bitch out at
Zelinsky
Uh, also the stock market plummeted by like 600 plus points courtesy of
They're incredibly taxable handling of that situation
Um, well, let's just report the facts. I think I actually just did for once. Oh
No, you're wrong. It was 750
Oops, it's a little short. I said 600 plus though. So that's why I gotta just read the headlines young man
I read the same age probably
Or more the same age every day
Another news courtesy of the discord
Why americans are taking fart walks after big meals? I've long advocated this
I take fart walks before and after big meals. I actually took one on my way in here
I can tell that you did that. Well, but it's forgot health case. So
If you told me to stop you're essentially
Advocating against health
any who uh
Viral gas dinners to spiral cut hot dogs many internet hacks are simply shabby reruns of somewhat something that already exists
In this spirit american social media users are now promoting regular post dining strolls
With a more provocative title fart walks
Need I go on?
No, some people call this the kind of story that you just write
Because you don't have anything else for the day
But I know that it's a real thing that people do
I mean, yes, you have people fart after eating and before and currently
And yes, I know that you do that too. Okay, as long as we're being honest
Um, two new york men die from pneumonia after using bat poop to grow cannabis
Geez bats really have it out for us humans lately
Well, they're just not a fan of that sticky icky that the vibes are all wrong with their shit
The the vibes are killing us
Bats did nothing wrong. I'm on the bat side. I understand why they might not be the biggest fans of
Not giving us diseases and killing us stock market ox off rick scott and stunning dive
That's just a headline
It's one of the chat headlines. I don't know if that counts it counts as a headline
Uh, two men from new york have died using bat for after using bat poop is fertilized to grow cannabis
According to live science the Rochester residents died from pneumonia after the bat poop also known as gwan
gwan released a harmful fungus called
Hopefully not the thing from the last of us. Uh, no, no, that would have made them the living dead sort of
fungal creatures
Holy shit batman
nice
Oh, you lost your bad news rap music
Did I
How is this news rap? Oh, I'm reading the news and it's playing so
It counts
um
Watch this story
Okay, a little bit of troublesome
Oshka's news. I know we already covered it, but apparently tony Todd
Michelle Trachtenberg shanning dory a shanning dory passed
You know, I actually did not know that either or did I know that god? I guess too many celebrities
Too many celebrities pass for me to even quite track
That sucks. Oh, that sucks. Also that they were left out in the memorial segment
Uh, tony Todd Michelle Trachtenberg mitzvigena silvia penall olivia hussey shanning dory
Alayne DeLon and bernard hill
Do better academy
Yeah, I mean, I don't
Really care about who the academy cares about but I know a lot of people do so
Seems like I mean some of those are so recent
Just throw it in there for to cover your bases, but I guess not
Well
Girls cover this base piglets will be left to starve in a controversial art exhibit in Denmark. What the fuck?
Eww
Artists in Denmark aims to raise awareness of the suffering caused by modern pig production
That includes three piglets who will be denied food and water and will starve to death
That gonna raise does that raise awareness?
I mean, it's gonna bother people that he's starving these three piglets right in front of them
Uh, gorilla farts haven't been covered yet, but walking farts have been we'll hopefully get to the gorilla farts if they're on here
Can I somehow miss it?
This is gross. This is a gross one
in protest of murder
man killed
Gorilla farts in science, okay
Well, we can throw that in here if we'd like
The central exhibit at coban hankins and now you care exhibit is a makeshift cage created with shopping carts three piglets as the
Exhibition opened Friday evening. They were still fine
They will not be given food and drinking can be expected to die of hunger within it. So they're currently being actively tortured
How is that not animal abuse?
Even my rats are better treated than this. That is a bad sign when peters rats are treated better
We completely understand the ignation of the artist said uh, Bridget damn a person currently killing three piglets
But we do not agree that the three piglets three individual living beings should be starved and prevented from drinking
Oh, wait, you know, this is someone protesting and never mind should be starved and prevented from drinking until they die from it
It is illegal and it is abusive animals
Um, it's not the first of his controversial projects. Why no, it's not one of his projects included goldfish in blenders
Attempting viewers to press the button to create goldfish soup
Yeah, the jigsaw killer was actually just protesting traps by making a political point. That's gross. There's
You're just torturing three more animals
I understand the irony of like this happens to animals all the time, but you're not helping but is doing it to three more of them
Oh, there's the cat cam
They hit the wrong button or a little cat cam speaking of uh, jadie vance the skis and jeans
That's actually the fact we needed just at this moment
He's not an artist who understands the silence at the heart of creation or whatever that prophet once said
Oh, the angry guy in the street yelling at the trumpet player. Yeah, whatever the trumpet player said does not apply to this guy
Uh, okay, let's add it with a little gorilla fart
That sucks. I hope I mean, they're probably already dead if that was happening last friday
Do I dare look for an update? I guess I mean
They're like baby pigs. That's just so gross
Um, I'm going to read it the most trustworthy source to see if I can possibly give you guys a happy ending of this story
But I'm worried I can't
An artist respects the silence that serves as the foundation of creativity. There we go. Uncle philtu k. He's not doing that
Well, anyway, I'm gonna choose in my own headcanon to believe that the same lady from the story calling him over being a fucking psychopath
Uh stuck some food in for the pigs
How would somebody not sneak sneak some food in for those pigs?
Can I always read about all the kids elan and rfk are killing?
Well in a controversial art exhibit where they're gonna do the same thing elan must
In protest of uh of inefficiency elan must should try the same thing
Oh an art exhibit where elan must just doesn't eat or drink water
To protest the uh inefficiency of eating and drinking water. It's just a free idea
idea elan can try if you want
um
gorilla farts
Okay
closing things out
Farting wonders. Here's what a jungle camera is discovered about gorilla flatuents
Um
Hamsters do it amtaro streams someday horses do it humans do it of course no surprise then gorillas
They also they fart
farting is the body's way of ridding the intestines of unnecessary gas
Uh, there's two species of gorilla
And when gorillas aren't eating they're resisting sorry they're resting
And when they're resting they're digesting
This is when you can hear a lot of flatulence
In 2020 the bbc series spy the wild revealed just how much these animals toot a remotely operated gorilla cam was used to film
Mountain gorillas. Okay. Surely they wouldn't deny us the video
fart non-stop spy in the wild back at it
Oh my god, is this the clip?
But the other spies are recording something truly groundbreaking
They've caught our gorillas singing as they eat
It's a chorus of appreciation
The first time this phenomenon has ever been recorded among wild mountain gorillas
They not only sing for their supper
Consuming 20 kilos a day is bound to have consequences
They live in a semi-permanent state of flatulence
semi-permanent even the babies
Hashtag relatable
Hashtag do relate a few feet a few feet enough cheese to the wall rats
Ditto for them as well
Is that the source of all the smells in here? It's
Not not the reason
Well, peter that'll do it that'll do for today. That'll do pig
Oh, I feel sad saying that now
Now I feel sad about that
Maybe they're fake pigs. Maybe they're pigs. Maybe they're spy in the wild pig cameras and where actually
The thing being recorded
That's my new head cannon. It's actually a giant spy in the wild trick. Okay. We'll let case believe that
and uh
In the meantime, let's end things off with a little jam time
I said time too much. Oh, I'm in my head about it now
It's jambalaya. I don't even know what it is. I don't even get it, babe
Okay, unfortunately the two hosts to my left
um
I've taken a vow of silence and protest until the other hosts that are missing return
So I'm just not gonna cut to them again
And today they'll have some alternates
that I will quickly locate
That we will just
easily
quickly locate
Okay, that'll do for that one and uh lily on is fortunately here
Not everyone abandoned me
Uh the question on everyone's mind
This is coming at us courtesy of
Propaganda thanks so much for jamming today summoning this jam
Um, which panelist loves rick scott is this one of these panelists?
Actually loves rick scott
They're all gonna try to convince us that they don't
But can you suss out
between the lies
Which one of these panelists is actually a huge rick scott head?
Uh, thank you everyone. We're gonna see our way through this eventually
Um, let's figure out who's here today
I know who loves rick scott and it's going in the coat right now
So we can't even it can't change it's locked in
Chet is it secretly you?
um
I do feel like I might need to know who he is
But however, I do like I will be upfront that I like the name rick scott
I like any two first names that are a full name. I do think that's pretty kind of like fucking macho and sick
So that is my burden to bear and I do want to be upfront about that
Okay, chet kind of
Copping to it honestly a little bit liana. You seem to like
old disgusting men
Is rick scott on that list?
He's skeletal in the way where it kind of looks like he could still run a 4k or something like he could run a
Like a 16k like he could run a marathon
It's not my favorite type of disgusting old man. Don't get me wrong. He's repugnant repulsive
Uh, I've been around him the smell is unsettling, but
Is he high on my list?
of
decaying
Monsters and scions of american power. He's low on the list to be honest
All right, that is the kind of thing you'd say if you're kind of trying to convince us that shirt
That's true. Uh number three. What are your thoughts?
Great, that's jake white ha white hole my cousin number four
Uh
Who's rick scott who?
Some more question to chat I guess so
Not entirely clear who's
Who's really guilty here yet, but we'll figure it out
All right, uh, here's the challenge chat. We're gonna ask them a couple of questions. They have to answer them
See if you can suss out who's lying
This is a great experience to wake up to
Maybe you're still sleeping
Where's from florida for sure? It's a little bit of a florida energy
Which of these four people that I can't really cut to?
Um due to certain technical limitations. Do you think is guilty? Is it uh,
What?
Okay, yeah that one. Is it this one?
Uh, and if you have any questions you want to ask them, that's how we'll figure it out
My cousin case white hall could secretly love rick scott
No
It's candle god, I hope
Could be me okay chet's really trying to convince us that's him seemingly
I would make sense for it to be me, but it's in this case. No also love
It's not really my thing
sort of like
The the lust to disgust is how I would describe my taste
A lust to disgust, okay
I should rick scott be a Danish art exhibit
That's a that's a question you can't get in trouble for
I encourage rick scott to get as experimental as he wants as a danish art exhibit as a man with two first names
I feel like he can't be stopped
so really test the limits like
See how long you can deprive yourself of anything
cigarettes
a blue chew
those two
You want to do an art exhibit where he deprives himself of cigarettes and blue chew?
I think that would be fun to watch him in a chair and he can't do those two things and let's just see how long it takes
Okay, lilyana
um
I'll also say yes
I like to see men of power not get what they want and they actually like to see it as well in my experience
So give it a try rick. You might be surprised what you like
Okay, jake
Great who's what's your name?
stankmonius
hmm
Kendall you want to say hi
Kendall doesn't want to say hi. I am almost done though
Uh stankmonius any thoughts fucking never stop being it. We're all fucking not an exhibit all the time man
That's why I got these things installed
Name can't come out
I had to get a portion of my brain hollowed out
And I had to get a centrifuge installed in it a magnet at the center of my mind
And it makes these guitars go around my head
IRL one of the first fucking people ever to do this
Okay, thanks stankmonius didn't really answer the question but
Um
Is rick scott secretly he who must not be named?
uh lilyana
Well, I think he's he who must not be directly threatened with violence or you'll get banned
Is how I would put it. Okay, that's fair jake
uh
Okay, um stankmonius. I'm not afraid to say fucking anything. I will look everybody done in the camera and say
I will fuck rick scott. I don't care if that gets you band dog
Do not care
Uh, I think you can say that I will I will suck you
I mean it's in poor taste, but I think you can say that um chat any thoughts. I mean, uh
Can I say should I is that like a slur?
Am I gonna get more emails?
Because I read all my emails because I'm afraid I might get
I might get prank
What I read all my emails just to check if one of them's a prank and I got a lot of angry emails about some of the things
I said, so did I say a slur? No, his name is rick scott. Well, now you're saying it. It's not a slur
Now you've got me wondering if it's a slur. I think it could be we should be careful
Okay, last question. Um, thank you for all the questions by the way, uh
Does jake know where he is right now?
This question specifically for jake, so we'll take one more. Uh-huh. You got calmer at the end weird
Um, this will be our last question if rick scott was a pro wrestler
What would his finishing move be called?
um
the
a singler
a same
a songler a songler
And it's a strangler
And it puts you out for five days
Okay, that's
all right
Oh the denier can I steal that's propagandas, but I'll can I steal that?
Well, I guess you're crediting propaganda. So yes. No, I mean I want to credit myself full propaganda's idea
So I'll do that. Okay, but you gave it away. Well, it's my now. Sorry propaganda. I'm taking it. All right
The embezzler is also pretty good. Uh, jake, what would it be called his finishing move?
punk
Okay
Uh stankmonius any thoughts on what we call fucking rock and
Uh rock and republican
Dude the do you know the magnet at the center of my brain? Let's me some people can smell color
I
Like see the future but as color
That's what the magnet the center of my brain did for me. Anyway, rick scott. You give me a fucking call dude
I will lucky. I do you do make me miss tyler actually
Thanks, man
I didn't mean it. I guess I didn't mean that as a compliment if I'm being honest with you. Thanks, dude
Okay, well, that's that's all of them. I guess uh
Let's figure out
Together who's lying
Um, I got this I got this everybody who loves rick scott
Is it chet is it liana?
Is it jake is it stink?
Stankmonius. I'm just gonna assume I'm spelling this right stink
And because I do need to I do need to actually wrap up
We're just gonna guess for a minute here. It's a tighter poll today
But the poll is live did I spell your name right stinkmonius? No, man
Not at all dude, and I don't like
But I knew it was gonna happen because I saw the color
the color veal
And that actually always means that you're about to be wrong what I do is sort of like astrology
But with but via synesthesia
Also, you smell like you look like you're gonna fall down
Are you sure the magnets doing okay up there it's doing incredibly
Chat any closing words
um
I like look a lot of people come after this country, but I'm proud to be an american man. I'm I'm not afraid to say that
uh
Also, I would not fuck rick scott. So I do have to agree with my voice. Thanks there
All right, liliana any closing thoughts?
Oh, but we're already done
But I will say
I would not fuck rick scott. However. I don't have traditional sex
In any capacity so
Okay, jake any closing thoughts great. Um jake was it you?
Yeah, you sure?
Um, do you love rick scott? I don't think you do
Chat was it you dude. I mean again, I like his name, but I just don't
Really get what a congress is
Chat you should really understand that I also he's not a congress. Well, but look I just look I don't want to claim to be
In a depth that I don't swim at so I don't I'll pass. Okay, so that's a no
Uh, liliana again, just he's too bony. It needs to be like
Floppy uh, that's sort of my vibe. He's he's okay. It just looks like he's still
Eating salmon regularly
I like guys that really can't eat solids. Hmm. Okay, so
Stank monius dude
I saw the future man and in it
Rick scott and I I started jet ski banned
What the first jet ski band rick hear me out man
You're like you're you're in florida and you're the king of it
That means you have access to a fleet of jet skis
I don't play guitar, but I have three on my head and I know several guys
That I can rent who play guitar
Probably up to 10. So picture this 10 guys
All of us on jet skis
Me not on vocals me on hype
Sort of the the flavorflave
And then you rick scott
Uh, you're on vocals, but ace ventura style you turn around and you do the fucking butt talk and it's butt rock on jet skis
And the name of it is butt skis
Yes
Okay, well, that's the end of the that's the end
It's the end of the segment
Um, yeah, I'm just gonna call it. I'm gonna call it there
Thanks so much guys. Where were you? Where the fuck were you?
geez
How's it going cowboy cousin pretty good man just riding it out over here
Trying to stay on top of things
Trying not to let you down
Don't know why you're so thoughtful, but
It's nice to have a host that's not actively rooting against me
Stay safe out there
Stay safe
And there's nothing weird about you that you're gonna use to kind of undermine me going forward. All right, let's see who we can raid
He's hot. Well, thank you
Psycorp is on we haven't rated Psycorp in a bit
Let's send you the way of Psycorp. Thanks so much for hanging out everybody. Thanks for all these subs and bits
Um, my friend. I heard it. Thanks again for the 27 months lord servo everybody else
Um, I do need to get out of here
To finish this work off. So let's do that. Um, okay
Say hi to cycorp for me. Have a beautiful night. I should be back on monday. There's also a I believe
The patreon is back on or I'll be back on wednesday the patreon is I believe on wednesday this week
If you are a cream team patreon member cast and I will be
Doing whatever the hell it is we do
Um, and hopefully I will be back wednesday and friday my schedule's been a little crazy this week
So definitely friday and hopefully wednesday is how I'll put it, but I'm gonna try my dingus
Um, and have a great rest of your monday. Bye. Bye everybody
So
We cut it now. I hit the little button. Is that an is that not a yes?