I'm Pofito, I'm the dog that produces the show and now it is live and I'm a dog.
While Monday news, wug-wug.
Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one, let's do-
Yes! It's news time everyone! All right, good to see you all. Greg to you, live in Sleazy,
Google trash, the mighty Oz, propaganda, Apple, Dappel, Bundle Sprout, more MSG.
Ho ho, good to see you. Yes, it's another week. It's gonna be a short streaming week. I'm only here
today and Wednesday because this weekend I will be at Chicago Sketchfest on Saturday at nine o'clock
in Chicago. I know, but maybe one of you will randomly be in Chicago. Who knows?
Exclamation point, boo. Oh, I gotta fix our laugh meter. And I've got to finish that entire
Pofito segment that I spent weeks building and never finished. Right, I've got all the best
reasons to not stream, I swear, or the best reasons to be late, which are work. The reasons are
still work, unfortunately. You still doing that? Yeah, Pofito, technically I'm doing it right now.
Does work to you? I also don't know. How long until I get retired? I don't think our generation gets to
do that. I accidentally joined the permanent underclass. That's a new thing courtesy of our AI
overlords and I decided to be in that. So I think it's just work until I'm a corpse,
which is also how a lot of the lore of this stream works. Peter took all of your organs
that he could identify and is selling them on the dark web. Yeah, he said he was gonna do that.
He told you? I gave him approval. He submitted a form and all the paperwork was correct,
so he's allowed. I might need those. He seemed to be doing fine. Do I? Yeah.
What did Munch taste like, Pofito? Mm, glue? What? Which I like, so that was good.
Do skeleton fart? If so, what does it sound like? Asking for a friend.
I can't answer that because I can't read. Sorry. Skeleton Munch would be a great
Halloween decoration for scaring stupid kids. Yeah, and he can move slightly. Very slightly.
He's basically an animatronic. That Florida story in chat news is crazy. Well, we'll get
right to it then. Case is nobody with zero viewers. Just reminding me of my place. It's
important now all of us are trying to do it all the time. And you're doing a great job, Pofito.
And chat. Tell Pofito that cigarette sandwich isn't an actual sandwich you can eat.
Incorrect. Both parts are edible. All of the letters are edible individually and they form
a even more edible whole. It's a thing of beauty. I mean, I can't stop him from eating
cigarette sandwiches or a combination. Does Pofito know what work is? Bugs? Uh,
Is it bugs? For some people. That's incorrect. Wait, you can decide to be in the underclass?
Yeah, it's a choice. Oh, goodie.
This is Jack. Wow. He's been a choice man of jam, 300 shiny tasty coins and I've been dying to
say this. Just do what we all do, Jack and hold elected officer entire life. Great retirement benefits.
You gotta move your text back, Biden. Great advice as always from the president.
Yeah, just decide to be in the permanent overclass and you'll get there.
You know, didn't they just prove the reality is a totally subjective experience and
solipsism is real. Uh, me by feeling that way.
Cases 401k is all tied up in Gooters. It is a growth market. What is wet thighs? It's one of
it's one of their biggest dishes for sure. There's a train. I can't help it that there's always
a hype train. It's like the weather, you know, it's always around. It's literally not true.
I am often not around. I'm often in hell just sort of vibing out.
What class is the hype train in? Social studies.
You're in it right now. I'm currently in social studies. Can you give me a school type beat so
that I can teach these kids how to be social? I don't think that's why is social studies
called social studies. You don't even know. That's why you need me here to explain important
stuff like this to me. What's with your voice today? Nothing, man. I'm just here to teach you.
Everybody's ready to learn, dude. Is this how you've always sounded?
Oh, sorry. School. Learning. Yeah, that'll have results. None of these are school type beats.
Is that Chong? Am I Chong? I don't think you're Chong. Today I'm Chong, the teacher of this class.
Oh. Yeah. All right, fine. Hype train. I'm not even gonna be disagreeable today. You can talk about
whatever you want. Why? Yeah, it's fine. I'm always being a stick in the mud about this.
Talk about piss. Tell people that you gave birth to a bag of grass or whatever it is on your
mind. You've been reading my diary? No. In case we need a little friction here,
you need to tell me that I can't do things. This is the logic of the Bart Simpson train.
You're the Bart Simpson train? That's our dynamic. Your principal skinner. I'm Bart Simpson.
I'm a bad dude and I need pushback. I don't want to be that guy anymore. You're a case.
Don't forget that you are a hater, man. Why do you sound like this? There it is.
Question things, you fool. No. That's the only way to learn. Don't you see? Everything in social
studies, when you're in the class and you've made a couple buddies and they say, come to the class,
I come right to the front, you read your report and you don't have a single bit of torque.
You need to look inside your mind and let the shit snort. What? Snort it up. All the knowledge
you got. The teachers at the front of the class would and you on the spot and you were about to
let all the facts and high knowledge drop. Did you know that social studies is called that because
back in the day people used to drink tea and then while they did that, they would discuss history
and then they said, this is a social study with all of my buddies and they, they were cutting
it up. It was getting cutty and they talked about the past like ancient Egypt and they talked
about the cave and the first one to learn to flip and they talked about him. His name was Rocky
McClipper Sun and that's social studies and by the time the bell rung, they had learned all of
history while drinking tea in the class and it was social studies and we took it back to the
past and did you know that case? Everything that I just said was facts and I'm a teacher,
baby. So just why don't you sit back and relax while I fill up your head with knowledge
and I never will stop because I learned all the facts from the bottom all the way to the top
and all the facts that I dropped are actually so fucking hot that your brain just fucking melted
and now you are done the block. See? Yes? No you don't. Come on you gotta see. No man, no, no,
shut up I drink. Hey. Social studies. Yeah. That's good. Stop this case you hate it. No it's good.
No you don't. I know you're full of hate. You're saying a bunch of cool stuff and you
simply care a little bit because your mind is broken and you're always angry as fuck and I know
that I've been teaching all this but you just can't get enough and you want to say that is bad
and that is wrong and that I'm done and tell me to talk about the subs and get the fuck out.
Well I'm doing it for you case because you're screwed too scared but I'm the high chair
baby so I didn't actually care. It seems like you care. Maybe I'm flipping our dynamic
hype train. Maybe I am the relaxed cool one that just free associates stuff. Oh I'm not.
How about an hour of freestyle rap beats? Do you want to keep this going for the full hour
hype train? Look how good these beats are. Look at this guy. He's beckoning you.
You just have to stay alive for a full hour hype train.
But that's not up to me case. That's up to the fame. Have you heard about the phone on dates?
The first was young and I said I'm done. The second was middle aged and she made me come to the
date and the date was fine and I said baby I don't need this. So to my mind is seeing the
old one. Yeah that's the third fate. I took that fucking granny on a real hot date and she
taught me lots of knowledge because she can't stop and I just asked before I let a bunch
of facts drop and we were back in social studies and we were having tea and I taught the faith and
knowledge of infinity baby. You went on a date with the three Greek fates? I think they were Chinese
actually. There's three Chinese fates? Yeah the three Chinese fates actually like burgers.
You probably thought them I took two Chinese food but I didn't. I didn't take them to Chinese.
That would be racist so I took the burgers baby. What's up with you today? There we go that's the
energy I'm looking for case. What's up with you today because I like it hype train. No you don't.
Three Chinese fates of different fucking ages were taking me on on dates and it was all the
fucking rage and they liked me so much that they all asked me to marry them and I said you
cannot tie me down I just want to be friends so they said okay that's fine and now we're BFFs
and I know all the fates and I know every breath that every human will take because the
fates told me so and I know when you won't die but I'll never tell you bro I know every fact from
the bottom to the top like I said before but I've actually got even a couple more I've reached
into the depths of infinity itself and I know the measure of all human health and the breath of
history in the infinity. What were you saying there? The beat changed to this. I can't believe
they dressed all these animals up like this. That's animal abuse. I can't believe all these
real images of animals that have been put to the work of creating these beats. Yes every one of these
beats was created by a warring bear, lion or dog. Of all of them? There were a mix of all of those
and then suddenly out of nowhere he started thinking the subs because the hype train's
heart was filled with so much love and like the rock he couldn't ever help but learning he
was learning so much he started talking third person the hype train on top of the
and thinking subs like funnel web with the 47 from above that's months with the sub oh my god it's
too much love why don't I show you my tummy and you give me belly rubs and you know the tummy of
a train is actually a bunch of pipes. That sounds about right? Yeah it does. A bunch of fucked up
machinery. It looks like the bottom of you is fully opaque black bottom. Don't say that case.
I just described okay. Anyway Bono Sprout back again 100 bits for the hype train and all of
his friends. Apple Depple yes they're still addicted to Snapple Liars. Soon they gave 100 bits because
they're still not a hassle. And Mighty Eyes on the yellow brick road. They're about to make 100
bits. A hotness explode. Bono Sprout as well with community subs that they push out and never
have a doubt. Giggle Trash is the bone with the five communities something got me so hyped
and that is my name. Did you know that? Nice. I did know that. I bet because you well you did know
that? Yes it what yeah it's all over the screen. Well case learn the thing today the first
fact you've ever learned and that's okay but here's another for your ass. Mighty Eyes from
the back with the five community subs because I never relaxed and minecraft is here. What the
fuck's up with that? We hit the three communities. They've been building it back. They've been hitting
grass and turning it into a bunch of rocks. And then they build it outside of it and they built some new
socks. Really winding down today with them. So I just appreciate that this hour long mix of
I'm assuming AI generated beats has all of these also AI generated dogs. This dog has like a
bloody ear though. I don't know if I like that. He's been in the lab with a pen in the pad mixing
up so many beats that his ears are bleeding. And that's the sacrifice that a dog makes every
time that they gotta make a beat and say hey I've been making beats all day and I think that's okay.
I don't even really care because I'm wide man. I'm a dog that can dance. It could trash with another
community sub. Naked beats. Yeah Naked beats while I'm getting belly rubs and you move the
hand down to where you think there's a dick but there's not actually I'm a traitor with
the slick and I don't have genitals so you can rub me anywhere. You don't even need to care. You don't
even need to care. It's never sexual harassment when it is a train. If you're rubbing me up it's
always alright man. I just need to get lubed anyway because I've got gears. Did you hear?
Did you hear? Did you hear? Yes. I said it lots. F O C T S that's Fox. I let the Fox drop.
Actually Fox are facts and socks when you put a fact into a sock it's a fox. Oh yeah baby in the
juice is loose. I've been fitting up socks like I'm Dr. Seuss and I've been hitting you up like
thing one and two and just like Dr. Seuss my hair is blue. Dr. Seuss and blue hair? Yeah did you care?
I didn't know that. Come on Kasey you agree with me that facts are that Fox are facts that
you put in socks? Yeah hype train that sounds fine to me. This can't. No. And no stopping him today.
He's too agreeable. I just don't have any pushback in me today. That can't be Kase. I will push it
back hype train. Kase you're actually a big old ass. That's fine. No hype train. The worst day ever.
Well I don't know why you always complain that I'm a big stick in the mud.
It sucks. This is the day Kase lost his soul just because he wants to hit another sub goal. I don't
even know I'm letting it go. He's so desperate to hit Slay in the studio. Well Kase you'll never
get it. 500 is too high. You won't even hit it in a full year my god. That's fine too. No it's
I let my ass up with a bunch of effects. I'm here in the hype drinking never relax. I'm a cool
one fired with the hot spot light. I've been hiding all night. I've been hiding all night. I'm not
feeling all right. Kase what the fuck. Oh my god. See aren't you getting upset. This is
an inscrutable and scrupulous content. Oh no it's all off the rails. Yeah that's cool. No.
Normal until you fucking get pissed Kase. But I don't want to. Okay. No that's gun menu cut beats.
You're gonna get this beat. Hype train hitting it between the sheets. That's right a fucking case
with my non-existent stuff. And he just can't get enough. You even trying to date. There we go
liar man. No I mean it's fine even if you're not. Fuck. Our melting case you've been banishing
me with the power of being agreeable. Really. No I'll never leave.
No fucking bow. If Bart Samson was in the Tinkerbell universe have you thought about that case it would
be a curse. He'd be in there with Tinkerbell fucking up her whole shit. All the fairies in the bag
getting so damn lit because Bart just arrived it's a big surprise he's made the whole Tinkerbell
universe a lot. Now they don't even fly. I hadn't thought about that. Yes you had. Okay I guess I had.
No you just let you have it. I don't know man what's with the Tinkerbell universe. The Tinkerbell
universe is a place where there's only Tinkerbells and they bug up lawn faces and they don't even like
something that rhymes with faces. Were you. I mean a little bit but I guess it's fine.
Macy's. They don't like Macy's you nailed it chat. Yeah they don't like Macy's they don't even like Macy's
the dark age even though it's one of the best games it makes me rage. Have you heard about Lord
Deimos. He's the boss. He's got a sword and he goes archer and he swings it around his head
until you're dead and the executioner is there too and he's red. The executioner isn't red.
Lord Deimos is red. What the fuck. It's just a fact. Yeah that's right you got pissed
about my coloring of the people Macy the dark age is wrong. Well just Lord Deimos. See technically
everybody has a lot of colors actually never mind the executioner can be red. Even though
what I'm talking about doesn't that bother you. I bet one or two people remember the game Macy
the dark ages on arcade and n64 and probably other things. Albersheed he had the two swords he
ended up with the greed and he swung for your face and he cut up your arms and he put you
in your place. His finisher was kind of sick like that. He hit you from the front of the weight
of the back and he took off. No. Well that was okay I guess. It was fine. What the hell is going on with
you man. What's with his laissez-faire attitude. It's the new year new me. This is the middle
it's the start of October. It's pretty close to the new year. What. Close enough right.
What the fuck is this nonsense. Anyway that's the best we could do. Thank you Greg to you for the
32 months hype train forever so close. So close. Forever over a long enough you know in infinite
realities the hype train technically always exists. Minecraft thank you so much. Showering
us with subs is Minecraft today. Gotta shut up that game. I've never received so much support
from the game Minecraft. TamTam485 community subs. Oh my god. I've changed. That's life.
Life is full of change. No it's not. Oh okay. I never changed. Well you're in a whole different
setup than you used to be. You got like a big computer thing. Where the fuck did all this
shit come from. It's been there for months. Oh no that's what I think about change.
Is that a fart. I made a fart with my nose mouth. We have some comments. Engagement changed case
and hype train doesn't know what to do. So I read that as engagement like engagement in the social
media sense but you mean the actual one that's relevant to my life. Yeah now I'm a chill married
guy. What. No you're engaged. It's basically married. It's just like how it's almost the
new year. I may as well be married. I think you get engagement. I get at least one. Okay.
I get at least one. The point is everything's great and it's news time. I heard somebody's
being all chill and relaxed today so I thought I'd get a piece of this love circle. This
massage circle of feelings we've got going on. Come say hi and also say happy engagement.
I was thinking about you the whole time. That's fine. What the hell was that. The hype train took
over Pepito's spot for a second. You're fine to see me. Yeah it's fine that Peter's here.
What the hell is going on. You want a kiss. That'd be a little too far from me but thank you
for asking instead of doing. We're best friends. We're not but that's okay. Respectfully we're not.
What is going on today. The Scoot Studio keeps encroaching on reality. It really does. MSGS I
did get engaged. I think I've only really mentioned it on the Patreon but I did accidentally leak
the news in the Discord. I told the story on the Patreon but Kendall told me to post in
the Discord that we got engaged. I read that instantly as posting the Cream Team Discord.
That's the only Discord that exists to me. She meant our friends Discord. Who I really think of
telling you I would assume we text our friends that we got engaged. That was my mental mist up
there. So anyway technically I leaked the news two weeks ago but yes we got engaged. Kendall
is actually immediately out of town. She has a job out of town for the next two days.
Is that why you're in such a good mood? The whole ball and chain is gone?
Uh no actually it's we're not even to the honeymoon phase yet actually so things are
still great in our relationship. I was kind of needling you there to see if I could pull
the little of that negative case up but your defenses are up today. Actually they're
lower. One could argue. I'm breaking the stream apparently by not being a dick.
Case submits everyone in Discord is his friend? Yeah. Yeah digital friends.
Like Tom and Gachis. Did you just call everyone in the Discord Tom and Gachis? Tom and Gachis but
better. Okay. Make Susan your best man. Uh you didn't see anything about on this. Well I did
I so anyway I had to delete it right away because then I was like Kendall I told the Discord
they think it's good. She's like the fucking Cream Team Discord? She didn't say fuck though.
And she wasn't super happy that I sort of leaked the news publicly before she was ready.
So anyway I had to delete it but now everything's fine because she made an Instagram post.
It all worked out. We also have many segments to get to today
and I can really only stream till seven as usual so we should probably get to things.
What things? What dreams may come case? Uh the news.
Oh right we still pretend to do that. We've never stopped pretending to do that.
Fair enough.
Um
Anthropics IPO prospectus shows sweeping AI visions and surging costs.
Or sorry just vision singular. A singular vision of surging costs and sweeping
sweeping. AI sweeping up or something? So I guess that's the news. Well just read the
read a little bit of the story so that we can continue to pretend to do the news.
Anthropics IPO could value the company at more than two trillion dollars. Anthropic lost however
42 billion dollars in 2025. The AI lab spent 7.33 billion.
Careful your lip is sort of quivering at this important news. My lip is quivering because we
just got a sub from Love the Hate who's actually been subscribed for 42 months. 42 months.
You feel like you've been living in the wall with me. The nozzle right up to my bosom
just suckling at my non lactating breast. What the peter come on. I thought you were all
loved today. Well don't say stuff like that to the chat. Just imagining them suckling on my
non lactating breast. Would that mean they're just sucking your nipple? Suckling. Peter's
kind of gross still. Yeah you're kind of gross. I thought you're being nice. No I'm just
saying that you are pretty gross. That's not nice or mean it's just an observation.
It's a little mean. Well you just said chat suckles on your lactating nipple.
Actually I'm talking about the news. No you're not. No I am. The AI lab spent 7.33
billion on compute and infrastructure last year. Is that even that much anymore? I can't tell
how much money is anymore because I keep hearing about bigger and bigger numbers.
Is a trillion a lot? Wasn't the US GDP still like 20 trillion a year? US GDP
20 25. What was it in 2025? So it seems like a trillion is still a lot. 30.77 trillion my
bad I was about 10 trillion off. But still a trillion is a 30th of that. That seems pretty
big or two trillion is being valued at you know one 15th of the entire US GDP.
Seems like maybe a lot for a company that's burning billions of dollars and making none.
But you know maybe I'm wrong. Well that is true. Yeah we all could be. Maybe it's a really good
company and it's all good and then everything's fine. It's not but we can say that. We can actually
just say things. XX executives that is industry and analysis have expressed concern over the harms
of AI tech. Did you see the little Harry Potter boy? The one who popped the lid on how AI could
be dangerous? Oh yeah that one kid the one engineer in a line of engineers saying AI is
dangerous that for some reason suspiciously popped off right before there were a bunch of
political machinations around AI governance sort of backed by all the major AI CEOs.
Anyway it's in the news. Yes it has been in the news so. Okay they're gonna get a two trillion
dollar IPO maybe if they IPO is that happening is it actually happening they keep delaying it.
Well Anthropic is making a massive bet that AI will transform the global economy more profoundly
than industrialization electricity and the prospectus and the internet sorry in its IPO
prospectus seen by Reuters. But the cost to get there will be staggering. Anthropic reportedly
had a net loss of 42 billion and plans to spend another 518 billion on cloud computing and
infrastructure obligations in the coming years according to the prospectus. The prospectus
details how the company has grown sharply in the last year while also posting wider losses.
Revenue grew 12 fold in 2025 to nearly 4.6 billion which for those keeping count multiply that a
couple times and you've got two trillion you know you have to multiply it quite a bit yeah but
multiplication is easy but it's just it's so short of two trillion you're not looking at the same
graphs we are case. I can't show you the graphs case didn't pull them up I have no graphs to show
but they suggest money at some point at some point money oh that's the foundation of any
business case is at some point money and at some point there's going to be two trillion dollars
of it anyway the company spent 4.6 lost 8 billion excluding write downs of various liabilities mostly
tied to previous fundraising according to the documents so that also doesn't include all the
money that was getting thrown around the public sale which could value it more than two trillion
would capitalize on the rapid rise of the AI startup lab that only came into existence
five years ago and now makes and or loses billions of dollars a year or both
at some point money yeah you know it's the old South Park socks business model
it's kind of they really sort of called it with that one sort of the Simpsons did it
but for that one South Park episode yes Peter analysis is what I offer great work
just not used to hearing you say that really great work today Peter let's just move on to
chat news I don't know what to say I'm getting bashful uh okay I'll be more chill now keep it up
all right well don't get horny about it stop clenful menning the rat thing I am being
amicable today that's the word of the day oh we have those now men I don't have assets for that
but theoretically oh my gosh it's Harry Hardy Harry Hardy thank you so much for the raid
uh how are you nice to meet you oh baby Harry Hardy don't say oh baby and then Harry Hardy
you're gonna creep him out I don't think I'm gonna creep out Harry Hardy I think probably cutting
to this is gonna creep out Harry Hardy did you just call me at this I mean cutting to
Peter Gibbon over there how are you nice to meet you all yes welcome new friends I'm case
black well this is a stream where we pretend sorry we do the news don't tell him we pretend
or it's not pretending we're doing the news it's a news stream where we do the news yes
Harry Hardy is uncreap hootable um I don't know what that means but I also don't want to be on the
outside of anything so I'll just assume I know what it means yeah we knew as we debate we cut to
things like this thing stop calling me a thing so you're welcome to stick around for it try and
creep you out yeah I don't know I don't know if we're actually that creepy well I was talking about
sucking on Shad's nipples a second ago you don't have to tell them that they weren't here
big fan of that thing thank you so much I'm glad that you have a fan Peter I told you I would
get one eventually I swear to God someday I'll get even more um you're not putting your best foot
forward you've lost 45 followers what I wanted I gained 45 followers you didn't you're losing them
by the second I lost another 45 we're now our stocks our losses are at 45 but our potential
gains are at 80 so currently the stream is valued at 200 followers oh great we're almost at 100 viewers
oh my god at this rate you're gonna have to become a partner yeah that's the stream cat yeah I'm a cat
I'm the sort of the uh sort of the unofficial god of the stream I'm an object of worship and I'm an
adorable little cat bark bark no they said meow meow I don't have to follow your rules baby
I'm the stream god play my music I don't think we have that cute up play my god damn music case
this isn't my music I'm fine this is vibing my ass up
it's taking me back to my college days you went to college I mean I've been in a college
bathroom licking various liquids off the floor that's beautiful
the people demand Pepito's music do I have it I don't even know what a lot of these
sound cues I have are if I'm being honest how do I have this why wouldn't you have this case
this it does help with the news while we're doing the news now we haven't earned that one
God there's some buttons on here I dare not press there's a button on here that says Trump's face on it
not pressing that one I know what that one does I'm remembering what that one does and I'm not pressing it
I don't like whatever you just did am I piercing the veil of reality we're just here to do the news
you've already scared off Harry Harry Hardy thank you so much for the 100-bit
scattle trash Harry Hardy's still here I told you I'd get a fan okay okay everybody settle down
we can only have fun for so long we've got to talk about the news oh yeah this is a news stream
let's never forget that the main thing we do here is talk about the news but we have moved on to
chat news it's 10 more fun than the actual news well sometimes it's actual news if we're not careful
and we never are the laughing cow says mascot will explain when it's ready after replacing iconic smile
oh they're doing a meme are they doing a marketing is this like the is this like grimace
shake style marketing from the laughing cow it is and we've fallen for it by clicking on it
the titular red cow is getting you to buy even more cheese it's not laughing anymore and
there's various ai videos probably to back it up this is the modern media landscape maybe this is a
real video what is a real video anymore I don't know what we are 100% playing an ad for cheese right now
and I don't know if that's real it's a whole compilation of the laughing
cow not smiling anymore well they got me they established a narrative and now I need to know
why it's not because you didn't buy enough cheese now you want cheese it's effective advertising it is
very effective this is fucked up you're gonna play videos of cows and cheese and that give me both
you think you could eat a whole cow I will slaughter a cow like an industrial farming
outfit I will slaughter a thousand cows give me their cheese and their blood okay calm down Jesus
I am the stream cat let's move on before there's more talk of violence uh there's a bear here
that's the news case leave it to the professionals who can read the headlines how the hair of a
museum bear is helping tack tackle wildlife crime this headline is more of a question
and we don't have time to get to the answer just know that that question has been posed
you're trying to avoid playing our boy you're trying to avoid he's not uh oh this is bbc this
isn't upi never mind no hoop god yet some kind of thing is going on there with bear hair but
we don't have the stamina to read a whole story okay we're just gonna have to guess
but the answer to that question is stonk ton thank you so much for the 46 months
and thank you for absorbing this next little juicy tidbit of news
uh the bear hair you're trying to trick me they're trying to get you to say a case
but we're barely got into the news we need to cover at least a few more stories before we drop the s
word flock safety's ceo home marked public toilet after it was blurred on street view oh well maybe
he's open his toilets to the public that is a community service that not enough people do
anymore just like fruit machine offered us the service of following you can follow this
map all the way to a free public toilet if you'd like fruit machine well that might be trespassing
but it's hard to say because it is marked as public toilet it's too complicated of an issue for me
to weigh in on so i'll just reiterate the flock camera ceo house is marked as public toilet
and make of that what you will you fill in the blanks uh i designed my husband's penis reconstruction
after he had to get it amputated you can get a prettier one if you get in a big-scale accident
well we don't know why he had to get it amputated but packed passed away sorry for all non-wrestling
fans uh damn i mean he was swole to aid actually alarming level so i hope it wasn't related to um
you know enhancement uses but he also seemed like a super healthy guy so this is pack for anyone who
doesn't know just an absolute spark plug of muscle and crazy wrestling i haven't kept up with wrestling
as much uh lately but he did rule as far as i know a total beast that is very sad to hear uh r.i.p
to pack that happened last last night yeah i heard about the butcher damn that sucks i was a fan i was
a fan less than 24 hours after his match jesus r.i.p well this feels a little disrespectful to just
jump back into this penis story so maybe we don't that's the respect you're showing we're gonna
move on out of respect and not go straight back to the penis story that does suck i am sorry to
hear that it was a curse show i guess oh damn well in a lighter news man arrested for pepper
spraying moviegoer over cell phone use at burbank theater oh shit i go to burbank theaters was it me
did you get pepper sprayed maybe i didn't notice maybe i've built up a resistance i haven't i've
never been pepper sprayed uh oh there's a video with this one that makes it even easier to cover
wow mayhem at a movie theater in burbank a man has been arrested after police say he pepper sprayed
someone during an argument about a cell phone during a movie now here's a photo of police taking
matthew wear into custody tuesday night at the amc 16 he's got the crazy guy here he got upset
and pepper sprayed another moviegoer who is using a cell phone during the movie one moviegoer tells
us has all happened in the span of about 40 minutes in and everything was normal and then all of a
sudden you know behind me i hear the sound of an aerosol camp that's crazy to do it in close space
a guy just yells out i just got pepper sprayed i just got this guy just pepper sprayed me
two other moviegoers experience irritation and had to go to the hospital where was booked into
jail on suspicion of misdemeanor battery i mean i don't know that much about pepper spray and i
got some movie theaters are fairly big in close space but i'm pretty sure when you blast it off indoors
it's got some blast radius to it that could kill you i mean i think some people have really
bad reactions to pepper spray i mean using your cell phone for 40 minutes in a movie
is pretty bad it's let's just be real they had it coming no i wasn't going to say that peter
that's insane okay we're not having fun i guess give the trash just mamma jam 300 shiny tasty coins
and i've been dying to say this yes mr president i heard you were streaming figured i'd pop in to
see how you and peter were doing that want to get sushiburdus after the stream i treat you
i would love to mr president i think he was inviting me actually i just wouldn't be appropriate
for me to assume that you can come i'm not trying to be rude but you're finding a way
just saying positivity is still but i don't think you were invited well maybe he was inviting
specifically me case it wasn't clear so he mentioned both of you i said see you and peter
oh you're right i misheard and i apologize what the hell i apologize peter how rude of me
doesn't sound like you mean it i mean it sincerely i don't like the tone of your voice
you don't like the tone of my voice well i'll work on that oh my god what is with him today
he's trying to put on good airs for the raid he got he's trying to impress harry hardy
wait wait yeah harry hardy i knew his name still so messed up that you had to look for it
see now you're starting to you're sinking back into old habits no positivity of this thing
remember harry hardy's name hello harry way loud to say i did it is a fun name to say it is fun
to say harry hardy harry hardy can we make a harry hardy song we could that's the thing we could do
we also make songs here we have a lot of fun whoa yeah let's do a couple more stories
then let's move on so many segments it's a segment based economy oh thank god we hit a upi story
would love a harry hardy song please and now there's no choice we're locked into a harry
hardy song lock in everyone who's gonna do it i'll take care of it um i'll do it jesus scary face
do it you're just reading chat do it a couple more stories to get to before we get to a harry
hardy song then i have to queue it up in case we ever get raided by harry hardy blast the music
anyway escapes emu wins wrestling match in the middle of the road and there's a video thankfully
this is a nightmare for me i have a slight phobia of birds and the bigger the more phobia-ish
then we'll get that song queued up harry can we see that again how did he win
did he win or did he escape oh oh the face pack that is what i would assume would do it
and it did do it yeah that is a full nightmare for me i think the animal that creeps me out the most
are emus there's used to be that tiktok lady who's popular she always there's the aggressive emu
she has to grab it by the neck and shove it back and i would sort of just watch those to feel
uncomfortable anyway the hoop god is here oh thank god it's ben hooper and this is your
upi all news minute for thursday september 24th 2020 nobody doesn't like ben voting is currently
underway for fat bear week cat may national parks annual celebration of ursine corpulence
fat bear week which started in 2014 chronicles the seasonal body transformations of the
park's brown bears as they pack on the pounds for winter last year's winner 32 chunk is among the
competitors in this week's bracket which will end on tuesday the bracket features 16 a lot of things
going on on the screen right now on the usual 12 with competitors including 89 backpack 151 walker
164 bucky 903 gully 284 electra 131 marshmore 428 studious and unnamed bears 132 610 still in the
running 6901 620 694 909 and 910 voting on the first round opened tuesday but was extended to
wednesday when a large amount of voters broke the internet or at least the competition's
official website moving on from big my god packing on weight don't do my voice fortnite ace
whose skills aren't up for debate a gamer grandma from scotland earned a guinness world record as the
oldest female fortnite streamer on twitch at the age of 78 he said she was good who has been
live streaming her gaming sessions on the website for nine years as grumpy grand 48 said she
was instantly intrigued when she said there were two winners playing fortnite in 2017 she said
there were three winners sorry the three winners were this is the title of the song and harry we
hardly knew ye and harry hardy party wait was it a four-way tie was it three ways this is the
title of the song harry we hardly knew ye and harry hardy party is a three-way tie that's crazy
okay all of those are going in and although still growing older i have never made my age
a deterrent although i have tried my other controllers so dirty i have never found the
excitement that i get from fortnite i told myself a fortniter more than a gamer bowie
he turned 78 on september first good for her featured in the guinness world records gamers
edition their loop in his b-roll hard for these stories and more way to go ben international
sports entertainment never disappoints listen to all the things he covers as a u b we can only
dream follow ben hooper at upi.com well they have a youtube channel someday these youtube videos i'm
gonna click on them there's gonna be eight million views on them he's gonna be the new uh what's that
guy demarcoed and frank frank demily whatever that guy does the reason i tried breaking this ladies
record but i accidentally streamed a pornhub instead of twitch i think i should still count that is
unfair well get given enough time you can do it or you already got the record for oldest
pornhub fortnite streamer might be the only pornhub fortnite streamer though i shouldn't assume
uh okay what were the three titles of the song again wait i gotta scroll up uh okay
harry we hardly okay title of the song sorry i need to pull up my notes app
you know what we haven't done in a while an emergency and or any session of um
of dj music and even though there's about 20 segments to get to today who cares
let's just throw it to a different one anyway because for some reason peter's making us
yeah pretty much okay fine well whatever it's uh dj music time i don't know wait it's djc
four time there we go i'm getting my segments confused it's been a minute since we've made a hot
track and we never get to do it in the middle of stream or the end of the case has to leave at seven so
this might we might have to just do all the requested segments on wednesday uh all right
i wonder if all this stuff still works we'll find out together uh exclamation point lyric
is how you send us a lyric for the song which is officially called title of the song and harry
we hardly knew ye and harry hardy harry harry hardy party two harry's in that so if you have any ideas
for lyrics for that type of thing got my dual headphones set up as usual just to be safe
i always want to back up headphones let's make sure that these um injections into our songs are
working my god they better be they freaking better be harry is a silly foolish boy what a beautiful lyric
that should be enough for our ghostwriter to work off i'm assuming um yeah that sounds
yeah that seems fine that seems fine to me sorry again i'm just sorting out my spectral frequency
here ha you all right yeah yeah i feel fine i'm doing okay wait you have to find us a track
oh yeah sorry that is my one job uh um what is going on here one second one minute let me
just try to get everything working over here i forgot how seamlessly the segment works
yeah it's it's already back okay we're good to go uh uh what style oh shoot i forgot to do the other
poll um what style of song is this what style of song are we working with it's important that um
you crowdsource these types of things to keep your finger on the pulse advanced songwriting tactics
very good stuff uh polka dubstep that's one of my favorite jon and john was for sure
haiti boy style math rock black metal and dirty harry trap beat all of those are incredible styles
so i really anyone is a winner math rock is interesting you think i can't write a math rock
song i have infinite faith in your abilities of course yeah you better you better because i'm
trying so hard over here the winner was dirty harry trap beat and you know we keep it consistent
here so we should probably go to youtube and just type in dirty harry trap beat and see what we get
that's the most surefire way to make sure you're in the right genre of music dirty harry trap beats
dirty harry type beat so you you know this is what we're looking for or is it
this is called dirty harry um is this dirty harry enough for us there's also this
squidward one you know this feels the most dirty harry to me actually so far maybe i'm being
influenced by the picture flow dirty oh harry i typed harry wrong it was ha i r y i mean so far
that one's the winner there don't seem to be any dirty harry with an ha i r type beats oh you're
putting down lyrics okay perfect yeah this is a dirty this is the genre of dirty harry trap so
so we'll just go with that okay let me just download this real quick just a simple little download
all credit to sound good beats thank you for the beat this is not for commercial use so don't worry
we will never make profit off this that is true there's no money in this in this music this is
purely for the love of the game i swear to god it has been a minute since we've done this
okay um it is downloaded okay figure out this track for us you've already got all the lyrics
well i've got the i got the basis of the lyrics but we gotta judge them up for harry here
it's a lyric in here that just says we've been trying to reach you about your car insurance
i think it's important that i leave that in i'm leaving it in feeling good okay this beat
running for me for inspiration purposes keep the beat up there's our beat harry hard harry hard harry
hard harry hard harry so hard harry so hard you think i use product these are just filler
lyrics in case we near it need them okay we hardly know him harry hard is the number one p in pooh
streamer uh yeah okay harry so hard he could wake up a dreamer new number one p in pooh streamer
and someone can rap this better than me later don't worry he's gotta make all this rhyme
because that's how songs work harry hard had a great fall harry hard wait harry hard harry
hardly has fun at the ball hard and harry so hard it's scary he shaved buddy still harry because
i don't carry there you go that's how you rhyme those words rhyme and so it's a song they call
me harry because i'm harry it's a thick i'll take you to take your cherry okay now that you set us up
there that's a full lyric no no adjustments needed welcome to the world of harry hardy
staring at the stars and getting lit at the party perfect if only it rhymed with cherry
but we can add it to all these rhymes up here close enough to scary scary and party whatever
um they call me harry because i'm harry it's so thick it'll take your cherry oh i didn't even
take the full lyric okay we'll simplify this one of the world of harry hardy getting lit at all
the parties he's still shaved but he's still harry because i don't care at all we kind of
fucked up our rhyme here um all right double h with the w popped by harry cherry harry harry
still at the party okay now we just look we do need a chorus in here at some point
we've been trying to reach you about your car insurance so i forgot that that's in there
i'm harry hard i'm harry harry i'm harry harry harry i'm harry harry harry i'm harry hard
that's our chorus i'm harry harry i'm harry harry harry hard harry so hard you think i use
product but i just stay harry because i actually don't stop so that will work something like that
product uh stop stop fucks get so harry that i stop fucks that rhymes with product sort of
i don't shave like the young bucks throw give you acid reflux there we go now we're rhyming
now we're for sure rhyming okay there's more lyrics in here we've got more lyrics now
they've been pouring in um all right don't try to run from the harry hardy coming rising like
the sun to light the new day and party any party to light the day any party my wife left me and i'm
so depressed first new follower who didn't just tell me they were 30 and vanished vanished kind
of rampant depressed well symbol this shortened this slightly only follower he didn't tell us they
were 30 and vanished someone wrapping you fill this up i really love doing first because i'm harry
hardy laura mipson dollar simit a consecutor ad spiling ellit said do ease them tempore ensign
we're gonna leave that we're gonna leave that in riding down the beat like 70s dick getting hosin
on the pole watch them do the tricks slick like razor blade flow coming in slow got my hand i'm a
stick rock at the arcade we've been trying to reach you about your insurance i'm harry hardy harry
hardy harry so hardy that's good enough we're gonna say this is done it's a fully written song
great work everyone you don't want to clean that up at all there's no time
we're just gonna go with that yeah now we just gotta record it okay and i do believe our recording
artist is standing by because they said they do it i did say i do it and i will be doing it we don't
want to go with anybody else i don't think there's time he's just here i can hear you guys so
it'd be nicer if you just were excited to see me of course of course we're just checking our
options well um our phone um we're just making sure that we book the studio time isn't it your studio
yes but i do need to there's other i do still need to keep a schedule how am i on the schedule
you are you're the only person okay pull up my track let me slap down this hot beat of harry
of harry harry style style trap uh harry hardy style trap wait dirty harry style trap but it's for harry
hardy let's not worry about it too much okay i'm feeling a little worried but i'll try to get over it
um great oh where's my lyrics get me my hot beat okay let me set you up with your hot beat
don't worry i saved it and i'm using my advanced editing software so it's gonna sound great yes yes yes
yes yes yes there's that okay perfect perfect perfect okay now just remember um
whenever the lyrics aren't quite good just make them good that's an important part of your job
as an emcee to make the lyrics you wrote better yeah like why didn't you just write me good lyrics
just do your best just don't fuck this up we wrote you lyrics that are ready to be good if you're good
right right right right okay i get it totally get it understand the mission and and i'm ready to
execute positive positive execute good actually creative execution there we go
um boom boom boom i'm harry hard i'm harry harry i'm harry harry
i'm harry harry harry i'm harry hard i'm harry harry i'm harry harry but i'm not in a hurry
harry hard harry so hard you think i use product guess so harry that a stop holes
I don't have to shave like the young bucks
Harry in the throat give you that acid reflux
We hardly know him because Harry's giving no fuck
Saw Harry so hard he could up a dreamer
New number one P
Pooh and poo poo streamer
Harry, Harry hard, Harry hard had a great fall
Harry hard, Harry hardly has fun at the ball
Hard and Harry that is all
Harry's so hard that it's scary
He shaved but he's still Harry
Harry's the best because I don't carry
Welcome to the world of the Harry Hardy
Getting up at the party
Double late with the double uh
Popped up Harry, Harry, Harry, Harry, Harry
Harry's still at the party and he's Harry
Don't try to run from the Harry Hardy
Come and rise and like the sun
Delight the day at any party
It's fun and we my wife left me
And I'm the pressed only follower who didn't give us
I'm so
I really love doing farts because I'm Harry Hardy
Laura Mipsum doler said I met consecutive
Addis Pissing let's said do isdem
Tempor indicated the knit that lubricate
That doler magna aliqua and that's what I say
Right on the beat like 70s dick getting hose on the pole
And I'm watching new tricks like a razor blade flow
Coming in slow got my hand on my stick and I rock the arcade
We've been trying to reach you about your car insurance
If you could return our colleague
Really appreciate it
Harry hard, Harry so hard
You think I use product that gets so Harry
That I stop fucks I don't shave like the young box
Harry in the throat like acid reflux
We hardly know him
Harry so hard he could poo up a dreamer
New number one being poo streamer
Harry, Harry hard so hard
Harry, hardy, hardy, Harry, hardy
I am Harry hardy, I am Harry, Harry, hardy
I am Harry hardy
Harry so hard that I haired my heart
And I got impart cause I harried so hard
Boom
Uh, that uh, yeah that'll do it
We didn't get your boom I think the recording stopped
When you said boom if you could just give us another boom
Oh
Uh, just like you did it with
Boom
Well on the beat
Um
Just say boom, boom
Harry hard
Uh, good, good, good enough, good work
Good enough, great enough, good work
Thank you, thank you so much
I love music
You do?
Yes?
Yeah sure, sure you do
Alright we just gotta mix this real quick
We just gotta do a mix
This is advanced editing software so this is gonna be a little technical
But um, the main thing you gotta do is make sure that you fix whatever was off the beat horribly
It's a little off
We gotta fix that
Uh, the, the, the, the, the
It's a recording delay, don't worry about it
I'm sure Peter was on the beat
There you go
Uh, great, now we just gotta turn this way down cause it's super loud
This is advanced mixing technique you guys are gonna wanna know this
And then you turn this up cause it's too quiet
The hell?
We added too many effects I think could be an issue
And then we'll just double it up
What about this one?
You wanna check out what presets you already loaded up
This one has no presets
We're gonna want more noises on this one
Okay great, that's done
We just gotta now fix this
The song is too long is another issue we run into
Music is better when it's actually quite short
You don't really want more than um, ideally 60 seconds of music
So we just have to change it so that it ends when we want it to
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, what the hell?
Pitch change it to female and make it a duet
Okay, we'll add that effect in real quick
Uh, I think we have to like offset it slightly so
That you can, those female lyrics really, sorry the female vocals really come through
Yeah, this is advanced stuff here you're gonna wanna go to um
Oh are we pitch correcting this?
Yeah, let's auto tune Peter, let's see what that does
I'm Harry Hart!
I'm Harry, Harry!
I'm Harry, Harry!
Maybe not, maybe not
I'm Harry, Harry!
Uh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Pitch shifter? That's a thing right?
Yeah, there it is
Give us a beautiful couple octaves up
I'm Harry Hart!
Oh, it's-
I'm Harry, Harry!
I'm Harry, Harry!
But I'm not in a hurry
Harry Hart, Harry so hard you think I use product
Guess so Harry, that a stop fucks
I don't have to shame with the Yardmux
Harry in the throat give you that acid reflux
We hardly know him because Harry's giving the fucks
There you go
Sort of got a demonic vibe to it though
Yeah, that sounds about right
Sounds like case? That's nuts
Peter, could you do it again but sound less like case?
Yes? Too bad, there's no time
Oh, I would do it again, there's no time
Why'd you ask? I forgot
It's on me
He forgets sometimes
Okay, that's these lyrics might have been summoning a demon by accident
Wait, we lost all the booms
We lost all the booms
We're gonna need the booms again Peter
Pull up a dreamer
Experimental lyrics
Pull up a dreamer
Oh no, it cut off at the end there
Who did that?
I think you hit the stop recording button
Why do you give me that button?
It's an emergency button in case you're doing a bad job
Ow
Okay, wait real quick
Boom
Boom, boom, boom
I can Harry hardly believe it too
That's a crazy thing to say
Alright
Duplicate selected track
I'm doing it for you, stop mixing for me
This is my one job
We just need an ending, we need you to say boom
We need more reverb on that boom
We need a little bit of reverb on the boom
Just so you know
Wait, print it, press it to vinyl
We're done
Another hit in the bag
Way to go Ghost Rider, you've done it again
I never miss
Except my body because I'm ghost
It's beautiful
Or sad
Okay
That was some of the hardest hearing we've ever done
Great
Let's mix it down as we speak
Do we have him dropping booms all the way through?
We don't
We could do a boom pass but
I think we have to move on so that we can do a debate
And then end the stream
This is our charge
But
Importantly
I do now have
Yet another button we can hit
It's important to add new buttons occasionally
And
Now in case of emergency
I can hit the Harry Hard button
Oh, we do have booms throughout
We have booms at the beginning actually
Fortunately we have some booms mixed in
Anyway, that's for a few rates
Great
Let's set it to a debate, we've done it
We harried as hard as hell
How have we not a segment called
In case of emergency, that's a great question
That's for you guys to sort out
Harry Hard, no problem
We're harrying hard this stream
But right now
We also, you know, pretty much all of this is killing time so
But it is very meaningful and
Do be impressed
Let's send it to a debate, it's much in Chrome time
What the hell?
I'm in the goddamn void
This is ridiculous
One second, this won't do
This must be fixed
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm
I'm seeing a skeleton somewhere one second
Goddamn, reality bending powers flying all around this place
Unacceptable
It's unacceptable, I'm upset
Off to a bad start, what the hell is that huge it- okay
What is happening? I don't know
I'm just a simple skeleton
It's here to debate the world's most disgusting flesh bag
Hello everyone, I'm welcome to
Munchin' Chrome, the show where you said the debate
And we just baited it
You're still saying that even though I'm a skeleton?
And of course joined by
Munch who's a skeleton as of recently
Or recently a skeleton
And I wonder why that is
Well you refuse to say that I turned you into a skeleton
Because that would rob you of agency
So I guess it's no one's fault it turns out
Now it's your fault that you
Failed to
Murder me correctly
And out of
Pure excellence I
Did it for you
Becoming a skeleton intentionally
And I won
But you did lose
What? The point is you lost, okay
Anyway I'm- I'm crumming that too much
I'm a normally a guy with skin
And I've chosen to be a skeleton for the time being
And it's good and I'm into it
And everybody says it's a great new look
And it's just in time for Halloween
So it's actually seasonal
It is, yeah it is seasonal
I don't know if you're ever getting your skin back
I will if I feel like it
The debate today is
Skeleton munch or rotting corpse crumb
The better Halloween decoration
Do we have an image of rotting corpse crumb?
Can we go back to the good old days
When you were a goddamn rotting corpse?
Uhhh well Case does have a record of all of his streams on YouTube
Show
And yet you pfft claimed that you didn't know
That you went to hell and became a zombie
For a long time you claimed this
This is very confusing there's too much lore involved here
We just need an image of me as a Skelly
As a zombie
I'm the only Skellis in here to not try to claim you are a Skelly
Sorry I would never
But this time last year supposedly
I was a zombie
I don't know if I agree
How do you not agree with that?
I don't know if that's
If I strictly speaking agree
I still submit that maybe I was just in a fugue state
But let's see if I can find a clip of
When did I become not a Skelly
I don't know
I don't remember every little thing you did
Didn't you go to hell to turn me back into a human
Now who's getting too deep into the lore
I don't know some time last summer you were for sure a Skelly
Or a zombie
Wait I know I'm getting confused
Okay we are getting confused
But some which some
I'm down to DJC4
Okay that's an old stream
Let's see
Okay yes
Okay I submit exhibit A
Of
Where was okay here we go
Here we go
Yes this was
Yeah there he is
He can't even see it
Okay one second
There he is there Skellis and Crumb
So no god damn it I'm Skellis and Crumb
You are trying to confuse me
You're getting confused yourself
That is zombie me supposedly allegedly
And that will settle the question
Is Skeleton Munch or Rotting Corpse Crumb
The better Halloween decoration
Clearly the more elaborate decoration is
Zombie Crumb
There's a lot of makeup and
And prosthetics going on there
For some reason I'm wearing a shot collar
I don't really remember what that's all about
So I would after seeing this submit that I am
A vastly superior Halloween decoration when in
Zombie mode
I'm a fully mobile
Talking Skeleton
I can I can sass people
I can scare the kids
I can say stuff like I have a bone to pick with how much candy you took
And then everybody laughs but also maybe they jump with fear
Meanwhile this is all you were up to you remember this
Um
There's a lot of noises happening
Now the debate started
I don't even know what was supposed to be happening there
Where's our music what did you do to the music
Why are you always turning off our music
Okay look I'm currently a Skeleton
Zombie crumb is a thing of the past
Skeleton Munch is forever
So clearly even just by virtue of
Presence I am the better Skeleton decoration
Crumb doesn't even have the fucking fortitude to stay a zombie
He ran back to his putrid living flesh form
Instead of staying in his putrid zombie form
I look good I rock
I did this for all of you out of love of the game
I shed myself of my discussing putrid flesh
Well my flesh was actually pretty good
But you know I saw the light of excellence that is being a Skeleton
I jumped on that not bandwagon I created the bandwagon
Now everybody wants to be a Skeleton
And that is why not only am I the best Ske-
It's a Halloween decoration I'm just the best in general
And obviously that means I win de facto everything as always
Okay short of a nonsensical rambling argument there
The game is a little more logical I do think the zombie is a little more unique
Can you even tell that Skeleton Munch is Skelemunch
As far as I can tell you can be any Skeleton
I'm the only fucking talking Skeleton
And yet we know that's not true
In media there's all sorts of talking Skeletons
There's a playable character from Killer Instinct
There's Brooke from One Piece
There's um...
The Ghost Rider if you just count the head
I don't just count the head you need a full Skeleton body
Or you may as well not even be a Skeleton at all
I had to talk a head game over here
Actually I'm talking hand game but that's a different topic
I'm the superior if I was a zombie which I think
God I or whatever force made me not a zombie anymore
Um...
Oh my we have so many segments to get to
Quick get distracted dude you're juicing the numbers by getting so distracted
This is about me being the best
I am currently a Skeleton what are you all doing
This is ridiculous this is a fucking come on
Oh
Are you kidding?
Cause I was kidding and I
Didn't lose
You just lost in front of everybody
I hate to kick a man when he's a Skeleton
But I guess I turned you into bones
That's not even a pun
How is that even trash talking there's no pun in there
I have a bone to pick with you
And that's that I won
You just used the one I used earlier
Um...
I'm
Familiarious with you
What?
Um...
Man did
Bully
Prepare for a ride
This rib was on cage today
These are the worst fucking Skeleton puns I've ever heard
And they're offensive to do in front of a Skeleton
Insane I am allowed to do Skeleton puns
You should only be allowed
To turn into a non-talking Skeleton you should die
Give us back all the points you stole from
So I have any left to vote against you
Well, you know, it's a
Once the votes are counted it's like wrestling
Once the referee taps one, two, three
It's just kinda over
So there's nothing we can do
I sound like I've just won again
Handily
And I'm not talking Skeleton hands
That's not a fucking pun
Oh my god you're bad at this
Ugh
I'm not talking Skeleton hands
Ugh
Sorry
I do apologize to any Skeletons I offended that aren't Munch
I do believe I'm allowed to be
Cruel to Munch because he's wished death upon me so many times
Um...
But
I do apologize to any Skeletons that may be watching
That were offended by anything that I said
I am the only Skeleton that talks
Well, I think you've got a long way to
Morrow before that's true
What the fuck does that even
Jesus Christ
Does he have runes engraved on his bones
Do you have runes engraved on your bones
No
Well
Maybe
I mean I would
That's for me then though
Is that how you're staying alive as a Skeleton
Well
Let me consult my chiropractor
Mmm
So I'm all straight
That's not a good pun either
It was better than fucking yours
Fast and Famerious
I don't think I said that actually
I kind of wish I had that sort of fun to say
I don't remember what the fuck you said
Hey if we
Carpooled we'd be car pals
In a tunnel on the way here
We'd be car pals in a tunnel
He's just ribbing you God, card king is so much better at this than you
And better than you, you haven't been doing puns either
Either
And I never will because that's offensive
Because you can't think of any
No
It's because
I won the the verdict debate
What I'm averted debater
It's a thinker
I'll keep thinking about it
I bet you fucking will and I'm gonna think about how I have to leave
I've got shit to do
It's Halloween Skeletons are in demand
And I am demand whether I'm bones
Or dust or flesh
Or whatever spiritual form I might take
The point is
I fucking won more or less
I'm the only active skeleton
And the only active Halloween decoration
As far as I can tell on this whole stream
Insanity
Crumb isn't even a zombie
Some sort of tomfool
I mean it's trick or treat and the trick today was all of you were wrong
I hate to say it but it's true
Okay whatever bye bye
Wow we have so many segments to do
On Wednesday
With 7
But hey we timed it almost perfectly
In the sense that we didn't get to
5 segments
But Wednesday
Tune back in
To see all of these
Shoutouts to
Harry Hard
For the raid
Let's find out who we're raiding ourselves
We'll pay it forward be sure to insist that whoever we raid also makes a song about them
See if Razzaloo will make a song about me
Oh tasty
We'll raid tasty actually
I didn't know tasty was on
Am I not following tasty somehow still
That's insanity
Why am I not following tasty
I am following him
He's not showing up on my sidebar
Harry's doing me news
From news to news you go
Hey everybody
We'll see you on Wednesday
Maybe we'll see select few of you on Saturday
It's possible
Stranger things have happened
And
In the meantime
Have a beautiful Tuesday
Thank you
For watching
That's another one down
How many do you
How many do you have left
Streams
Infinity
That's a lot
We never stopped
Say hi to tasty for me
I hope he's having a beautiful me news stream
Thanks again to Harry
This song is going to confuse me about what his name is
Why does he say Harry Harden
In so many configurations
But as far as I know it's Harry Harden
Great
We'll see you all soon
I got to hit this raid button because I do got to run
Bye bye everybody
Bye bye
Bye bye
Bye bye
Bye bye
Bye bye
You okay?
Yeah I'm good
I'm real good